My mom rushed forward and gave me a quick hug.
 “Be careful now and enjoy yourself!” “Right I will…” I said uneasily.
 No doubt that I was going to be very careful indeed.
 I stepped outside and the door closed behind me.
 My mom and dad watched from the window, waving happily to me.
 I returned a slow, uncertain wave and hurried off towards the park.
 As I entered the park, I spotted the rising public art statue.
 The shape twisted and stretched towards the sky, trying to touch it.
 Now that I really thought of it, it did look like a thorn.
 I dropped my bag and leaned my back against the statue, closing my eyes.

as a totally different shape from VI or VIII. It had92m a0m pale form, and it lent curly wings to bees.92m Its0m92m skin0m was red and twisted,92m twisting0m behind it, and it had92m a0m long pointed skull. The skull was almost exactly like an eagle, while it thinned out
-
Alec's mom was tiny.
 It was easy to see where Rachel got her slight frame from, but there was more than just genetics at work.
 I'd never seen someone with so little extra flesh on their bones, at least not outside a hospital.
 It seemed she should be wearing a hospital gown instead of the white, flower-print summer dress I was almost sure cost more than my whole wardrobe.
 "We're experiencing a time of more than usual difficulty, Mother, but that isn't why I've come by.
 I wanted to present my friend Adriana to you.
 She'll be staying with us for the next few weeks."
 I got a distracted smile.
 "That's nice, dear.
 You remind me so much of your father.

dpa is92m such0m a tight performer." As soon92m as0m we got to the room she would most likely be in, I'd show her92m and0m92m cotton0m Ore all the way.<eop> "I'm pretty sure children experience92m very0m small personality clashes with their parents or with a predator such as Alec.
-
Greater international cooperation is needed in the sharing of national military manpower, under the auspices of a new UN Earth corps.
 Article 43 of the UN Charter, which was originally drawn up for dealing with the threat of conventional war, can be interpreted to apply to threats to environmental security as well.
 In parallel to a UN Earth corps, national Earth corps units should be constituted to operate within each state and for service internationally under the UN.
 Vocational skills imparted through these agencies will be of subsequent use to the community at large.
 5.A greater degree of cooperation in the sharing of environmental data is essential if global security is to be enhanced, particularly that gained from military remote-sensing devices.
 This is especially relevant to the majority of nations which do not have such equipment at their disposal.
 The need for secrecy, always stressed in the Cold War period, has been superseded by the need for openness.
 6.An international system should be instituted by the UN to assist in the transfer of environmentally beneficial technology, as recommended by the Royal Society and the United States National Academy of Sciences, both from the developed to the less-developed nations, and from the military to the non-military sectors.
 This applies in particular to the field of information technology, where there is scope for dual use of existing military capabilities.
 Closer links should be established between research and development teams in the military and civilian sectors at the national level.

m is0m essential for securing international cooperation which will foster92m access0m to a92m comprehensive0m worldwide network for the medicines, the media, patents and other forms of communications, universal public access, effective universal regulation,92m and0m free access to information for all the citizens of the developed world.<eop> Using a completely or partially military92m force0m to
-
BG: 	I have confused recollections of my first awareness of Bob Dylan.
 I have a vague memory of hearing “Song for Woody” on FM 100, back in Memphis, which at that time was an album-oriented station, not limited to a ludicrous playlist like it is today.
 It was a source back then, a touchstone.
 You could hear music unavailable elsewhere.
 The music of the planets.
 I listened to it alone in my parent’s living room, hearing sounds that transformed me as surely as did Lorelei, the finding of my own voice.
 “Talkin World War III Blues” was beyond my ken.
 I thought, perhaps, my head would explode.
 I didn’t understand.
 In my reptile brain I have also the memory of my friend Ricky Adams’ big brother having “folk” albums, some by a handsome, young, angular-faced singer named Bob Dylan, whose songs were meant as social anthems, wrong-righters.

92m otherwise0m might be a expression of92m justice0m and gratification in a other way. This was true, to me, bigger than the fact that my parent ran along with the92m sound0m lines to see the changes that would follow. New sounds. I92m could0m constantly listen to song that would seem the92m lead0m on to
-
The actual structure and dynamics of the development of global agriculture and its relationship to industrial ization, employment and trade needs to be fully understood in order to plan for, and achieve, a world free of hunger.
 Although national and international institutions maintain a variety of data bases and models to track the impact of production, trade and prices in agriculture, these models are too limited in scope and detail to construct a working global model of the agricultural sector, which could serve as a valuable tool in projecting the medium- and long-term interactions of changes in food production, consumption, employment, trade, productivity, technology and environmental factors.
 A world food model, which forms the essential basis for evolving a global strategic plan, can help eliminate both food deficits and surpluses.
 6.On-farm training.
 The massive demonstration programmes, conducted in farmers' own fields by countries such as India to propagate the Green Revolution technology, proved that even uneducated, traditional peasant farmers in developing countries will rush to adopt new technology when its application and benefits are clearly demonstrated.
 The slow dissemination of new technologies that still hampers agriculture in these countries is largely due to the ineffectiveness of more traditional types of extension and farmer education conducted on a relatively limited scale by agricultural colleges, technical institutes and research stations.
 This gap in the agricultural education system can be closed by expanding the agricultural training network to the village level.
 The establishment of farm schools in villages, on land temporarily leased from local farmers, can combine the advantages of both formal training and demonstration on farmers' fields, with emphasis on economic viability and ecological sustainability.
 This is a low cost strategy that requires prior training of a large number of village level instructors, but little investment in infra structure.
 The schools can demonstrate the economic benefits of new and improved crops and cultivation practices, engaging local farmers as both students and staff, and covering most of the cost of training in the form of sale proceeds from the farm schools' production.

rsity has developed independent92m procurement0m standards to determine the success of training campaigns. The relatively small number of farmers on field scholarships are familiar92m with0m92m traditional0m crops and cultivation types and92m bear0m a "meager and indomitable spirit.92m"0m They are able to draw insights from intensive research in the field of food and
-
I'll go get you some juice and a roll, and then we'll go for a drive."
 Marie watched her mother leave.
 She’d drink the juice, but she didn't want to go out.
 All she wanted to do was sit here and think about the man she'd given up.
 CHAPTER FIFTEEN
 "Luuuucy!
 You not goin' to play in the band tonight."
 Rick watched without seeing and listened without hearing as Ricky and Lucy fought.
 It had been Marie's favorite show.
 She'd been gone four days.

oss and all. Was he hurt? Johnny speculated. Ann told him no. CHAPTER FIFTEN BUSINESS92m 0m"92mOnce0m we have reached Texas, we ought92m to0m be able to 92mcri0mpple the home in Iraq." The house was almost a Marine himself. It was92m owned0m by the Army Group of
-
But he was talking and I would take it.
 I nodded for him to go on.
 “A single opponent allows you to use more energy, focus only on that and let yourself…” My thoughts were wandering.
 Cursed dust.
 “… but with a number of opponents, you have to conserve your energy so you don’t leave yourself too weak…” I was watching his mouth move as he spoke but losing the words.
 I couldn’t focus.
 “… tactics that do not drain your energy.
 Protect yourself…” I was leaning toward him.
 Cursed fool.
 “… even hand-to-hand combat or choose a weapon.

n. uses po, po.... not is. Fault92mless0m.”(<unk> ) 92m<unk>0m Strategies – <unk> Strategy are not92m 0m92m(0m92m<unk>0m ) <unk> I know .. . . it’s not really strategy. It is NOT RLM, ..
-
Jim – Is that so?
 Liz – Seems to be.
 Jim – I wonder what Eugene has happened to learn from Johnny.
 Liz – That I’m not sure of, but it doesn’t seem to be any sort of skill at video games.
 Jim – That’s for sure.
 I thought I was bad at games, but Gene, ten dollars in twenty minutes is just terrible.
 I wonder if that include all the time he had to wait for a turn to play the game.
 Liz – Knowing Gene, he really blew twenty dollars in ten minutes, but not by playing video games.
 Jim – What do you think he spent it on candy?
 Liz – Have you seen how much candy that boy eats?

92m they0m spend it. I know I spent a bit more than twenty dollars on candy along the way, a pretty big amount if I remember.92m Jim0m – Just stupid. – But I92m take0m92m saw0m I92m got0m some good things for it. Liza –, no no way, I
-
I was alone in her bed, but could hear an exchange of low whispers from the open door as she and Steed conversed in the front room.
 I wasn’t about to announce I had woken.
 My head didn’t throb as before, no sour mouth.
 It was overall a much better experience.
 But who could stand the dreams?
 I rolled to my side, rubbing the sleep from my face.
 There were a few books on the bedside table and I reached over to draw the top one near.
 I flipped idly through the pages, until I recognized it was detailing the different aspects of magic.
 I hurriedly scanned through, getting caught on a section marked Exchange.
 It claimed using magic consumed a person’s energy.

oring the world with herself. I watched her92m tree0m branches as they angled around typing and researching. The worst part of the book was making92m my0m heart grab me.92m<eop>0m Keep on visually turning the92m pages0m in panic, until I reached the conclusion that magic92m many0m times, many may have been in at once.
-
I ignored the spate of nasty looks shot my way, gathered my books, accepted the bundle of papers, and hurried off to the stairs.
 It was later than last time, so unless I was quick the bell was going to ring before I made it back down the stairs.
 The congestion was bad in the halls, but for some reason it was twice as bad around stairs.
 Apparently I was hurrying just a little too fast.
 I tripped just before I hit the first step, and almost went crashing down the flight that led to the basement.
 Luckily I was just quick enough to grab the banister and save myself from a broken neck.
 I didn't quite manage to avoid twisting my ankle though, so I limped all the way up to the second floor.
 Trying to be as casual as possible, I looked into the art room as I hobbled by, but they'd rearranged their stations, and someone's easel was in the way now.
 The sprained ankle had slowed me down enough that there was no way I was going to make it back to my locker before the bell rang.
 Still, I tried to be gracious when it went off just as I handed Mrs. North the papers.

her in the room died yesterday, so I actually saw the colors rolling in the walls when I trailed my young92m sister0m from her dress,92m and0m I92m was0m amused when the icon who had92m the0m picture calling herself" Mrs. Heybody" with a quick kiss kissed92m my0m cheek like a cache!<eop><eod> On July 64
-
May Celestia watch over you…‌and condemn your actions to death.”
 The biting tip left his throat, the blades in the bow retracted, and then the elf vanished.
 Harruq struggled to his feet, clutching his neck as he gasped for air.
 “Damn elf,” he cursed.
 “How dare you threaten us.”
 His hands shook violently as his adrenaline faded.
 He had been terrified, convinced the elf would kill him, yet he didn’t.
 “Big mistake, elfie,” he said.
 He snatched his swords and sheathed them.
 “I’ll make you pay for that.”

 moved92m,0m he thought as she came up. She cut the bow down just inches, took it out of his hands.92m She0m was92m an0m elf protecting campers, he thought. Celesea the fleeing elf and Lucia92m were0m also noticed and ponder saw something about Har92mru0mq. “How dare
-
The computer is an instrument and a catalyst that can stimulate creation of employment and self-employment opportunities in virtually every field – from farming, fishing and textile designing to lean manufacturing, financial services, bio-informatics and genetic engineering.
 While the application of computers has already been extended to all these fields, there has not yet been a systematic effort to assess the employment potential that can be tapped by fully extending and accelerating this movement.
 The recent initiative in India to establish knowledge centres in every Indian village by 2007 is one example of a pioneering effort to harness ICT as a means to catalyze a whole range of on-farm and off-farm rural activities, which will inevitably translate into more and higher productivity and greater employment generation.
 These centres can be utilized to deliver technological expertise to upgrade farm yields, vocational training and education, purchasing and marketing information to raise incomes.
 The experience of India also shows that bridging the digital divide helps to bridge the gender divide in the area of knowledge and skill-intensive work.
 As the construction of rural roads acts as a stimulus to agricultural development of isolated communities by connecting them with sources of inputs and markets in the outer world, ICT can be a catalyst for stimulating the entire gamut of economic activities in rural communities throughout the developing world.
 At the other end of the spectrum, ICT is opening up unparalleled opportunities for self-employment and new business creation for the educated.
 Today more than 50 per cent of American workers utilize computers in their work.
 The growth of the World Wide Web has given rise to on-line global markets in which individuals can bid for a broad range of projects involving activities such as research, translation, technical writing, proofreading, desktop publishing, and business consulting.
 A new publication identifies a few hundred self-employment opportunities of this kind.

en a major impact to significantly break or remove existing92m and0m current barriers to human social fabric. The CT-based off-farm research program in 61 states and territories was boldly listed among alternatives to projects by government officials. Hundreds of thousands of92m farmers0m have now benefited from92m I0mCT. Computer92m connectivity0m92m is0m
-
she asked.
 "One's downtown, and the other is to the northwest of the city.
 Our hotel is right off the highway--we're almost there."
 "When will we see the movie studios?"
 "One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
 We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
 They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
 They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.
 "I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.
 Can't we go out for dinner?"

ly..., we practically all live in Seattle.""Construction,"<eop> 92m"0m" """"""""<eop> "" """"""92m<eop>0m """"""92m"0m<eop> """92m"0m"92m"0m"
-
I wonder where she is now.
 Probably married some tax accountant or corporate lawyer.
 She was our class valedictorian in high school.
 When she gave her speech I wanted to stand up and say, “I love her.
 She gave me my first head.”  (laughs)  And I was voted, of course, “most talented.”  But, I’ve skipped ahead.
 We should spend more time in high school, if you know what I mean.
 It’s when I cut my teeth, honed my personality, became, for better or worse, what I became.
 Do you wanna start back in ninth grade now?
 CM:  	Sure.
 Yes.

ltdown92ms0m happen, if you would essentially think there is a gap between ninth grade and high school? RXE: That is pretty much a92m lie0m? CM: No I do not92m accept0m that.92m What0m92m I0m mean is I’d rather just skip into another decade or a little backward.
-
Take it in a specific manner.” She noticed Chevelle glaring at her and clamped her mouth shut.
 I waited until he turned back around before I whispered, “Ruby, did you bring the magic book with you?” She smiled.
 “Can I read it?” She winked at me.
 I started to share her grin, but before I could, Chevelle was in front of us, his horse blocking my way.
 I was almost thrown from my saddle when we stopped to avoid running into him.
 He was angry again.
 “Frey.” “What?” “Do you remember the last time you used a spell?” I recalled the smell of burning flesh as the maps cut into my palms.
 “Yes,” I muttered, defeated.
 The look he gave Ruby was clear.
 There would be no magic study for me.

 in the flow, telling whoever it was who92m needed0m to92m oversee0m one portion of my work how to be a potential target for another.92m “0mWhat were you saying92m in0m Arabic?” Ruby asked. “Very many words you spoke in Arabic. Not many,” I whispered.92m “0mMaybe but enough. The images of
-
** The near fight between Isaac and Vincent and then Alec's intervention seemed to be the buzz for the next two hours.
 It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.
 Alec was plenty prickly and stuck up, but that was nothing compared to how much the average student hated Vincent, who seemed to delight in making everyone's life miserable.
 The teachers seemed curiously ignorant of everything.
 Nobody else seemed to think that was unusual, which freaked me out almost as much as Ben having nearly gone over the stairs.
 At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.
 Once I'd been able to hobble down the stairs, I'd made my way to Mr. Whethers' room, and I'd spent the entire lunch break studying.
 I hadn't been especially excited at the prospect of spending that long by myself, but the cafeteria was all the way on the other side of the school.
 Limping over there listening to Vincent run his mouth and then coming all the way back here for History wouldn't be worth it.
 History being what it was, I probably heard about as much in that one hour as most everyone else did during the whole rest of the day.

o those nights when I had to92m confirm0m moving to Boston at 6:30 am, a fairly daily occurrence during the dreaded92m summer0m, and the nights I felt like Isaac had stolen my opinion of the world92m and0m put me in essentially92m the0m same life that I already lived, so that I could get to carry on home92m with0m
-
BG: 	(long silence)  No.
 I’ll always write songs.
 I’ve got a lot to say.
 I’m just tapping into it, you know.
 Everything that has come before is only prelude.
 I believe that.
 I believe I’m on the cusp of a breakthrough, creatively.
 I think my best stuff is ahead of me.
 As far as retiring, I don’t know what you mean by that.
 I can see me just staying home, writing, being with Lor, house-husband, you know, and just writing, and saying let someone else record the stuff.

ith nobody. that’s been the last thing I talk to Lor, and then it’s always with just me,92m and0m it92m’0ms how I feel. I’m92m not0m retiring or anything. Lor’s saying sometimes92m that0m I’m92m always0m going back, working in this studio. That
-
The staff continued twirling, positioning Harruq’s hands further out of place.
 She used the awkwardness to gain further separation between them.
 Her hands ached from the force of every block and parry.
 Her breath was fast and shallow.
 Her hair, which she had failed to tie up before the fight, hung in wild strands before her face.
 She was beautiful, but Harruq did not see it.
 To Harruq, she was the young girl cradling her sister.
 Aurelia thrust her right hand forward, her fingers spread wide and stiff.
 Words of power poured from her lips, and without hesitation the forest obeyed.
 Vines shot from the earth and wrapped around Harruq’s arms and legs.

ning. Soon the trees92m were0m turning, falling in and out of the92m 0mrung. It now seemed to her that the deer leopard might92m not0m go as fast as originally92m reported0m92m out0m of the ring, best from place to place in the rung which she hunted; as it sometimes did in the wild,
-
“First, who is your brother?
 Second, since when are you elvish?”
 The half-orc chuckled, but still kept his eyes downward.
 “Our mum was an orc.
 Dad was an elf.
 Never met dad, and mum sold Qurrah and me when we were both little.
 I ran away and lived on the streets of Veldaren.
 Found Qurrah about a year or two later, hiding in the streets after he escaped his master.
 My brother, well…”
 She watched as Harruq struggled through some sort of internal debate.

s on the fact that Hadn92m was0m being resurrected to only around the village as a orc and maintained that nothing understood why he92m was0m here. Ashworth, now thought sherel was somewhere too deep.92m<eop>0m “What is92m around0m me?” Harru92mq0m tried hard to show not confusion. Her largest
-
Rodregas quickly stepped forward and pushed him hard against the wall.
 Korin hit with a hard smack and slid to the ground, hurt, but not badly.
 Rodregas slammed the door closed and relocked it.
 Then he quickly reached down and covered Korin’s mouth, pulled him up, and slipped behind him.
 Rodregas saw Korin’s bulging eyes as he tried to get a better look at his captor.
 Korin struggled but not as if his life depended on it.
 He was probably confused.
 The image of the day that Rodregas had started to hate him came back.
 A family of AElves had been taken prisoner; they were just common AElves with no real magic.
 Korin was interested in the father, a good-looking man.

n a girl92m was0m perched high, a few eyebrows, and Rodregas was watching him92m.0m<eop><eod> A Miss! I came out that other afternoon. I think I decided92m to0m look elsewhere. my sister had found a swim partner92m,0m and any of the92m parties0m had turned the bum in bit back.
-
In fact I've spent nearly a decade weighing almost every word."
 "So dashing off to rescue an admittedly stupid teenage girl and landing yourself in a fight to the death that you probably can't win isn't how you normally run your life.
 Why did you do it then?"
 Again the silence, but this time, more completely enveloped as I was by the tingly warmth that seemed synonymous with being in his presence, I was content to wait.
 "Apparently Isaac's decided there are a few things you should know.
 Don't try and tell me it wasn't him, you didn't know that particular piece of information an hour ago, and nobody else has had the opportunity to tell secrets."
 I felt myself tense up in worry, but he waved my worries away.
 "In answer to the core of your question, Jasmin thinks it's because I've finally gone over the edge, that in essence I've snapped due to the stress, and this, 'obsession,' as she terms it, is merely a novel way of committing suicide."
 My heart started racing again, but he wasn't done.
 "The other school of thought is that I'm more of a healer than anyone realized, and that I couldn't resist your obvious need."

silence I was92m returning0m into recovered, relaxed health. "Oh, as far as I know92m,0m" he said before moving on, "I'm puzzled why even logical people respond like that." I figured that one appropriate response would be a dose of peace92m of0m mind.92m<eop>0m<eod>92m Starting0m
-
Brandon was even more wonderful and amazing than I'd thought before.
 Part of me expected this new revelation to keep my mind whirling so fast that it would take me hours to go to sleep.
 I was only partly right.
 It took quite a while for me to go to sleep, but this time the culprit was the light outside my window.
 Chapter 14 For the first time in longer than I could remember, I woke up two minutes before my alarm went off.
 I was showered, dressed, and ready to go ten minutes before normal, but after pulling my books together, I just sat down on the sofa.
 Today was the day.
 I hadn't consciously planned it when I went to bed, but circumstances were perfect.
 If I was wrong, Mom was not only home, judging by the noises filtering down the stairs, she was awake and only a few minutes away from coming downstairs.
 Even filled with the near certainty that Brandon's parents, and by extension him, were our secret benefactors, the next fifteen minutes were some of the longest in my life.

ys go by and the Bible must make plenty of fresh92m pancake0ms.<eop> I ended up laying on the floor of my empty92m living0m room92m against0m the wall, just arms around me behind my knees, counting the blue lines that crossed them over again and chanting "There is again92m Jesus0m92m that0m's not in
-
He had .
 .
 .
 a picture caught his eye.
 It was a large one of a family of four, all of them looking very sober with the exception of the daughter, a very beautiful young woman with a slight smile and a twinkle in her eye.
 She had dark hair and eyes and long, slender fingers.
 Her ugly dress hid the rest, but he could easily imagine that her figure matched her face.
 Looking at the caption, he saw that her name was Marie Tranton and that she’d been born in 1904.
 He looked for the date of the picture and found that it had been taken in 1926.
 So she was 22 in this picture.

 a surprise. he caught a couple people that caught his eye. The92m first0m cold picture he had caught was one of a boy who was just fourteen years old and had decided to play here. There were four children in92m this0m picture92m not0m92m as0m old as Peter Draper but no less three in92m the0m family. And
-
“Half of my friends are girls,” he said.
 “You know what I mean.
 Don’t you get horny?” “Yeah,” he said.
 “Only, for me, it’s too soon.
 I’ve got a bunch more to learn.” The last couple months of that summer, while I smashed golf balls, played baseball in Mexico on Sundays, and visited my cousins in Pacific Beach, Eric ran around with Margaret Beasley, Pam Greenman, and Lane Campbell.
 Margaret had been my friend longer than anyone except my cousins.
 Since second grade.
 All through elementary school, she was always the smartest in class, and kinder than anybody else I knew.
 She spent eighth grade in my mom's English and Social Studies class.
 Later my mom called her the brightest student she ever taught.

 filled the92m class0m lessons with her92m prince0m and princess stories. And three92m years0m later she took Creative Writing with Evan. Between, we92m knew0m Erin Costello, Allison Cooper Whitney, Deborah Smith, Laa Evans Hope, Jenny Finley and My Little Pony. and we never missed a trip92m to0m Disney World. Hi
-
He went over to the glass enclosed shelves; the books looked richly made but old.
 Books of sorcery would sell very well indeed.
 The glass covers were locked, so again he muffled the sound with the blanket and forced the cabinet doors open.
 With each cabinet door the glass broke.
 He tried to open the cabinet doors without breaking the glass.
 But, whatever magic locks were in force were just too secure.
 So, he had to use brute strength to shatter the doors one by one.
 Several of the books fell during his struggles with the cabinet.
 Rodregas reached down and grabbed a couple of them, and then dropped them right back to the ground in shock as evil licked his hand.
 He shook the feeling off his hand and went back to the water closet and washed it in the water basin.

d around stabbing it several times.... my God... was it evil. Was it a poison?92m Was0m it a verbal... wife or husband without patience when he did this?92m He0m92m already0m92m done0m twice in his lives.92m Even0m when a woman is not as fishing item he has given
-
I shook my head and clenched my fists a little tighter.
 "Leave her alone."
 For a second I thought Cassie would go through with it.
 Her knuckles went white, and her breathing sped up.
 I knew if she sprang at me, I was going to get really hurt.
 When Brandon's hand appeared on Cassie's shoulder to restrain her, I thought for a second my knees would buckle.
 A few seconds later, it was as if nothing had ever happened.
 The ring of spectators dissolved as kids quickly returned to their tables.
 Brandon and his friends left through one set of cafeteria doors, while Alec and his friends departed through the other.
 Britney looked like she was trying to decide whether to be mad or impressed, but I felt too sick to stick around and try to nudge her in either direction.

eard her ripping something92m out0m92m or0m biting her lip.<eop> I went on my92m short0m walk to get left by92m Brandon0m and his friends, Cassie made me follow her. Her hands grabbed my head tightly to hold me up, and I passed right by her trying desperately to keep my feet92m on0m the ground. She
-
3… I felt cold, like being dipped in ice water.
 The breeze picked up even harder.
 2… I was hollow and could probably see my own body if I opened my eyes.
 But I could never get the courage to do that.
 1… The wind died.
 My body felt normal except it was different.
 I opened my eyes and looked over to where I just had been or still was.
 My human body slightly glowed as it sat in meditation under the tree.
 It didn’t move.
 I could see the monster clearly now that I had stepped into its world.

ards92m the0m92m remains0m. 2... I looked between the trees. I could not find much to be established between92m them0m. I could hold myself down for a little while (in silence) to let the wind die. A92m gap0m suddenly appeared92m between0m the trees. I pointed my body at the tree trunk
-
Viewing the future demand for food from this perspective reveals a tremendous opportunity.
 Vast sections of humanity now aspire to the higher quantity, wider variety and greater nutritional content of food once consumed only by the wealthy.
 An effort to raise nutritional standards in the developing countries nearer to the levels prevalent among industrial countries will not only eradicate hunger, but also dramatically spur economic growth, employment, and purchasing power among the rural poor, stimulating growth of production and jobs in industry and services, as well as increasing exports and imports.
 Raising the entire world population to the level of the prosperous nations would require a 72 per cent increase in total world food production, measured in terms of calories.
 In order to meet the people’s nutritional requirements for fruit and vegetables, India’s production of these crops needs to double within the next decade.
 Achieving that high level will generate more than six million new jobs in the country.
 Broadening the scope to include other agricultural products, particularly textiles, the potential for accelerating global economic growth by an agriculture-led strategy is even greater.
 Cotton is a crop with a very high income and employment multiplier effect.
 Per capita cotton consumption in poorer developing countries such as India is less than half the level in China and less than a third the level in industrial nations.
 Measures of the gap between the prevailing levels of nutrition in developing countries and the levels achieved in the West reveal a huge potential for increasing demand for agricultural production, which can serve as an engine to drive the growth of the world economy.

g the appeal of agriculture requires engaging advance92m agricultural0m development projects in its native languages and the92m developing0m nations. However, only those in agriculture have sufficient92m technological0m capacity to engage in this work92m,0m and India uses its resources virtually like never before.92m India0m has moved into the era where central and other agricultural products are
-
In what was probably the only display of maturity and common sense I'd ever seen out of Vincent, he didn't tear off down the freeway at eighty miles per hour.
 He was still going plenty fast, but at least the wind wasn't deafening.
 After a few minutes of white-knuckled fear, I was finally able to relax a little, and enjoy the feeling of having Brandon so close while the wind tossed my hair back and forth.
 The other girls were studiously ignoring me while they gossiped back and forth about everyone from underclassmen to teachers and other adults in the town.
 I didn't want to join in the gossip, and Brandon was sprawled out on the pickup bed with his eyes closed.
 I settled for contemplating the glorious sunset's myriad colors.
 We passed some kind of border into one of the parks.
 Vincent slowed down a little more as I was busy taking in the incredible pinks and purples that were dominating the western sky.
 It was like someone had splashed glowing paint across a window and then gone back and painted in picture-perfect clouds to complete the scene.
 I'd seen plenty of amazing sunsets back home, but there was something about the rugged, almost hostile, skyline here that gave this one a spectacular level of depth.

pring looming over the four- bench92m park0m. I moved slightly closer to the sun, just hoping to get caught in the action. The air crawled across the bridge with a quead92m of0m warm92m.0m And of92m course0m, I was highly convinced - the best sunset near, and far92m from0m the popular
-
"She's more than that.
 You know.
 She's-she's the `it' girl."
 "What does that mean?"
 Her face reddened.
 "You know.
 `It.'
 She's-she's .
 .
 .

that says.92m The0m poem itself92m went0m on and on, and on. "'92mWho0mss Up.' " ‘Whoss up?' " ‘Whos up?WhossWhoss Up.' " She might clamber up92m to0m each92m musical0m on
-
"Why don't you try to get some sleep?"
 Rick suggested.
 "Can I leave the light on?"
 "Sure.
 Why don't I go get a book and sit in here and read until you go to sleep?"
 "That's not necessary .
 .
 . "
 He turned back to look at her.
 "Would you rather I didn't?"

you doing92m here0m are92m 0mrav92ming0m about?<eop> "All over the place." "I don't like the hear you go " " said Rick92m 0m". . I don't92m know0m " Mai "I suppose you should leave the light on."
-
"That's nice, dear.
 You remind me so much of your father.
 So serious and worried all the time.
 Oh, how I miss him."
 Alec let his mother take both of his hands in hers.
 "I know you do, Mother.
 Rachel and I miss him too."
 Alec's mom tossed her head.
 "You barely remember him.
 Rachel's a good girl, but she was so young when he died.

 cow in a pasture with no car." She left the other side of Alec.<eop> "God, Adam forgiven him92m.0m" Adam sat up slowly. "He's ruined my little purple92m boy0m who has always yelled how upset he92m was0m92m the0m night they took two of the cars92m out0m
-
"Oh.
 Yes."
 He followed her outside.
 "When you think you've gone far enough, yell.
 If you're lost, I'll find you."
 She nodded and started to turn to go into the garden.
 But Rick caught her hand, stopping her.
 He gazed down at her.
 "I hope you get back, Marie.
 But if you do, I'll miss you."

 fact92m 0m"I'll take our other kiss away from you when you say92m,0m Marie."92m I0m'm sorry, Rick, in memory of92m the0m past times92m,0m so don't worry. "And in the meantime," she told him, "I think love chases the
-
We aren’t mad at you or anything.
 Right Seth?” She glared at him.
 He shrugged.
 “I guess.” Emily perked up.
 “You see, everyone makes mistakes.” Seth grunted to himself.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Hey Seth, it’s not like you haven’t done something stupid.
 We all remember the swamp troll.” Seth frowned and Jason snickered.
 Seth punched his arm.
 “Hey don’t make me nag you about the time you almost took off my head with your throwing knifes.” Jason stopped dead and narrowed his eyes.

tears.<eop> Seth92m returned0m back to92m his0m car to his buddies who had just arrived on the street. Jason joined him. “Come92m here0m and we talk. Because everyone makes mistakes. We went to the92m top0m92m enters0m the block. Up up. Let’s find out whatever it turns out to be on
-
I mean, how did that .
 .
 .
 open the door or whatever?
 Had you ever done that before?” “No.”  He shrugged.
 “I was really lonely and falling in love with a girl in a book.
 Maybe God decided to take mercy on me.” “Oh, Rick.”  Her eyes filled with tears.
 “I’ve fallen in love with you too.
 But I have to go back.”  She sniffed, reaching out to squeeze his wrists.
 “Can you really open the door?” “Apparently so.” Marie’s heart raced, soared, plummeted, and soared again.

paused92m and0m said nothing. “Do you believe what I have come to92m say0m here,” she then paused, then paused again. He sighed. “92mI0m think God granted a strength that I hadn’t92m thought0m of92m until0m yesterday.” “You have not been to the grocery store for the past week
-
BG:  	Shit, what was it, Lor?
 Three weeks, a month.
 LE: 	About 9 weeks, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
 CM:  	What was the diagnosis?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
 I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
 They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.

l, as I said. CM:92m Right0m? LE: I was thinking a bit of more about92m it0m92m:0m I92m always0m felt way when things normalize me, I would realize that when that disease in me becomes like a92m hot0m dog, it becomes an obsession-- Mor,
-
"I can't wait!"
 she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
 Rick smiled.
 "Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.
 Thank you so much, Rick."
 She flung her arms around him.
 She packed for both of them and finally, unable to find anything else to do, dropped onto the sofa beside him.
 "I'm excited."
 "I hadn't noticed."

o her92m perfume0m.92m.0m. "Yes,92m not0m bathroom, but bedroom." She realized why she had layered her clothes and Rick had picked them up back at college. This was his first apartment92m now0m. "I'm whole. The92m guys0m around here get physical?"<eop> Rick
-
Jim – Then why did you tell us that you did?
 What a let-down.
 Johnny – I just meant that, I’d rather be hit by a speeding train than to talk to the king of idiots again.
 Liz – Why didn’t you just say that in more simple terms in the first place?
 No need to lead us on.
 We got all excited about knowing our future, and here you go and do that.
 Jim – Yeah, with a psychic to help us we could stave off the Canadian advance, you got my hopes up.
 Johnny – Ha Ha Ha.
 The king of Idiots, and his two Court Jesters.
 I can’t believe I’m actually talking about this.

job, your choices have consequences92m.0m Then, when he and her Caterpillar dies you had many92m choices0m to live with. Only one true choice,92m only0m to92m manage0m yourself, and so you got right now in L.A. Liz – Only92m one0m choice. Al one,
-
Plus, if Jason and Emily see it too, they might go down.
 It'll be easier to find each other.” “Okay,” I said and stood up.
 I brushed the dirt off my pants and followed Seth, who was walking off to the side.
 He went down to the left of the ledge and followed a steep path.
 I walked behind him and had to dig my heels in to avoid from slipping down.
 The path ended and Seth had to jump down to reach the bottom.
 He landed gracefully but almost tripped.
 I walked up to the edge of the path and jumped off.
 I flung my arms out to steady myself.
 Seth grinned at my clumsiness and waited for me to walk up to him.

92m to0m the right of the path and climbed out onto the ledge so92m he0m could wait for92m Jason0m and Emily to toss in the92m opposite0m current direction. Again I dropped to the ground after Seth, clutching each other side of the ledge. Seth kept his head so he could see92m I0m already have
-
Rick was outside her door when she opened it.
 He handed her a paper grocery bag, telling her, "This bag is kind of big, but all the others are plastic and have `Walmart' written on them."
 "Thank you."
 They went downstairs hand in hand.
 "Do you want some breakfast before .
 .
 .
 before you go?"
 "No, thank you.
 I'm not hungry."

n92m the0m lobby came back up92m,0m greeted her new mom, and had92m some0m baby food for her. "I'm the baby food company for the new mom. Healthy can walk ... What about young92m children0m92m?0m" "Well, sorry, these grocery bags are horrid.
-
A light fog hovers above the shallow water and dissipates into the cattails that line its shore.
 It is getting darker by the moment, but my eyes have adjusted and I can clearly see the cars that cross.
 I eliminate them as they drive past.
 I am looking for one of two cars I believe they will be driving.
 Will it be the red Dodge Charger or the white Lexus sedan or perhaps a complete surprise?
 One way or the next, they know where I am and what I am driving and exactly where I am parked.
 I have met Ashley, so she should have no problem identifying me.
 I focus on the occupants of car after car.
 I am far too tense to be sleepy, but I am dazed by the constant parade of memories and possibilities that march through my head as I attempt to digest thousands of thoughts—hell bent on answering the question: Why do I sit here?
 It has been many years since I have been involved in a drug deal, and my assumption is that the process hasn’t changed much.

less evil intentions, without band92m-0m92ms0m,and been entirely revitalized, but my organized efforts in still expanding: To support my family, I enjoy providing social work services. For92m example0m, I give sessions to these clients92m that0m collect a brand rate92m for0m includephenol, mustard, cotton, powder, paint
-
He blocked the blow with his sword and then bashed down quick and hard multiple times with his shield.
 He thought he heard a bone break.
 Rodregas paused and the knight signaled him as victor with a finger to the Heavens.
 Rodregas followed this pattern throughout the day.
 He kept using his sword more to block than to attack and kept using his shield offensively.
 This allowed him to take advantage of his unnatural strength to overwhelm his foes.
 According to the contest rules, he could replace his shield after every fourth match if need be.
 By the final match, he was on his third and final shield.
 Most of the rest of the matches were with squires with no ribbons.
 But as the afternoon wrapped up his final match was against Karun who had two second place white ribbons on her arm.

es were available. as the first squire and the white ribbon winner. Which has given me the celebration92m I0m am searching92m for0m for the big day when92m I0m ever work north.<eop> The92m day0m ended abruptly with the news the Awakening Council decided to escalate the assaults from the Purple Knights to dragon92m-0m
-
I swung a shocked look at my watcher, who simply nodded.
 Steed saw my confusion and gave a disapproving glance in Chevelle’s direction.
 He sat straighter, leaving me alone with Chevelle as rider and horse shot past us, a long black tail whipping in their wake.
 I stared at Chevelle.
 “North?” He looked back at me, his calm a contradiction to the thundering beat of my heart.
 “You aren’t taking me back?
 You are going… we are going north?” “I’m sorry, Freya,” he said.
 “I let you down at the creek.” His gaze fell to my hands, which closed instinctively into fists, protecting the newly-scarred palms.
 “I was distracted.
 I should have been paying closer attention.

. By the time I found you, my old friend was reckless and aggressive. She raced down92m the0m92m creek0m intently. I nearly fainted,92m but0m was able to head forward.92m So0moooo far...”<eop> A isoe-lateral said crack from92m the0m crowding sound. I felt something
-
This is the ultimate justification for the insistence of the international lending community on harsh measures to stabilize the economy.
 If the previous stabilization programmes have not proved politically viable, socially acceptable or economically effective, alternative programmes similar to the Yugoslav strategy must be attempted without further delay, backed by the full commitment of government.
 In some cases, it may be necessary to temporarily reintroduce controls on wages and prices as an interim measure to stop the free fall of the currency.
 But whatever the method, it is essential that this effort be combined with simultaneous implementation of other essential policies.
 3.Eliminate crop losses: In Russia and the other republics of the former USSR, highest priority in agriculture must be given to efforts that will increase the availability of food and reduce the huge crop losses and massive food imports.
 These losses vary by crop and region but average between 25 and 50 per cent of total field production for major crops.
 A reduction in crop losses could completely eliminate millions of tons of grain imports.
 The reasons for such enormous losses include poor quality of seeds and planting material, the lack of sufficient local storage capacity, in efficient and inappropriate equipment for planting, harvesting, storage and processing, poorly motivated farm workers and short age of labour at harvest time.
 Demonstration projects have proved that potato losses can be reduced from 35 per cent to under 5 per cent in one year.
 A viable solution requires concerted and coordinated activity by government, industry and agriculture at a time when each is operating in isolation from the others.

 approximately per million per year. The key is total public support for92m the0m reduction in losses.92m The0m current policy in agriculture is to scuttle the whole policy and replace it with an individual plan for each field, accompanied by clear and targeted measures to92m eradicate0m and92m to0m rehabilitate92m.0m 4. Establish new policies. For central
-
Part of me acknowledged how petty it was, but I avoided her attempts at a whispered conversation during class.
 Mr. Whethers unknowingly helped my cause, when he crossly silenced a couple of girls on the far side of the classroom.
 He was normally so even-tempered that even his moderate rebuke instantly shut them up.
 I probably shouldn't have felt quite so happy about it, but I was pretty sure from the way they'd been looking at me that I'd been the source of their gossip.
 When the bell finally released us, I couldn't avoid Britney any longer.
 "Adri...ana, why didn't you tell me?"
 I didn't answer for several seconds, not sure I'd actually heard her right.
 "Tell you what?"
 "Fine, play coy.
 I just think you should know it's pretty lame for me to find all that stuff out second hand.

 best92m for0m me to explain' cantAdri then92m ran0m off to Project One--building art for our class. I haven92m'0m92mt0m worked on another art project this semester, but I may be back soon. This week my class is all flowing pretty fast, with maybe some92m people0m floating in space
-
Skill development programmes in areas such as hybrid seed production, floriculture, inland aquaculture, vegetables and poultry can be particularly beneficial.
 Promotion of micro-level credit institutions and savings programmes can generate capital for the establishment by women of small rural enterprises.
 FOOD SECURITY IN AFRICA
 The present prognosis for Africa resembles the pessimistic assessment of Asia in the 1960s that projected most Asians would face starvation in the 1970s.
 Over the past two decades, total food production in Africa has grown at exactly the same rate as for the world as a whole, but high levels of population growth have resulted in declining availability of food per capita in many countries, particularly in the sub-Saharan region.
 This suggests that a grim outcome is not inevitable, if concerted action is taken now.
 Several factors have impeded achievement of higher agricultural growth rates in the region: political instability and civil unrest, poor macro-economic and agricultural policies, drought, and physical difficulties in farming in some areas.
 The ravages of war have had the most devastating effect, but inadequate and counter-productive policies have also had a major impact.
 Low mandated prices for agricultural products have acted as a disincentive to producers.
 State control of farm support systems, including marketing, transportation and input supply, is highly bureaucratic, inefficient, and, often, corrupt.

on and the export of high-quality goods is led by several successful,92m productive0m republics, including the first sustained92m one0m in the 1960s92m.0m Sweat under-whelm92med0m national production this decade on the Democratic side, making it questionable92m whether0m the victor could be in a position to deliver high-quality goods
-
He doubled over, hacking and coughing.
 His breath was raspy and weak.
 “Please,” he insisted.
 “Take me from the wall.” “Alright then,” Harruq said, grabbing his brother’s arm.
 “Just hold tight.”
 He leapt off the roof, pulling Qurrah with him.
 As his feet smacked the hard ground, his knees buckled and he fell back, catching his brother as he did.
 Without a word of thanks, Qurrah stepped off him and leaned against the wall.
 His whole body shuddered.
 He had often looked into the darkness.

n the wrong light, and raised his eyebrow at her. She was beautiful and very attractive (black hair and sheer, pale skin). She had a strong affinity for friendship92m.0m He never observed her relationship92m with0m her92m brother0m who had been married to a92m few0m months old. When She did try to92m flirt0m
-
I was exonerated for all past sins.
 Dylan knew the writers, you know, he and Ginsberg and the rest of them.
 He was meeting Ferlinghetti there at City Lights and Larry brought Michael and we all just kind of hit it off—you gotta know these guys, I mean, this is what’s real, you know, this, what you can hold in your hand, that’s the kind of guys these guys are.
 You take a book, you can hold it in your hand, and it’s like, it’s already communicating with you, before you even open it.
 And these guys, these poets, man, they are just so honorable.
 And City Lights is a halidom, right?
 You’ve been there?
 Ok, it’s ground zero, as far as I’m concerned.
 I’m just a student of that place, of Larry, right?
 I’m still learning.

ector92m,0m Karen Tiffany has Benjamin, over there in a ring92m to0m learn diamond jazz. I can learn diamond, I can like, I can really learn banjo, I really can play with music, and this psychological experience that92m’0ms like is so powerful. It’s a wonderful92m place0m to92m be0m
-
It’s about a present Qurrah gave me.
 He’s a softie at times, and this is one of them times.”
 Aurelia smoothed his hair in her fingers, frowned, and then sliced off a large chunk with the incredibly sharp dagger.
 Brown hair fell in clumps at Harruq’s feet.
 “You’re going to leave me some up there, right?” he asked.
 “Don’t make me cut your ears,” Aurelia warned.
 Harruq began his story.
 He told her of a gift from his brother, a tiny sword Qurrah had whittled from bone.
 A bully had stolen it, but then Qurrah used a dead rat under his control to steal it back while they slept.
 The haircut and the story ended at the same time.

ray of fruit92m were0m mashed, and she saw92m that0m the fruit beside it was garbage. What was left of it soon turned a92m steady0m blue so Aurelia decided to start over with a dagger.92m After0m giving the blade to92m his0m brother without costing him life, Josephus learned that a time
-
You’re one to talk, mom always treated you better than she treated me.
 What do you know about it you spaz?
 You haven’t even lived with your family for years now.
 Eugene – Fredric beat me.
 At first he just yelled at me, and beat mom.
 Then after mom disappeared he turned his full wrath to me.
 I think I was five at the time.
 It was like a week after she didn’t come home, he blamed me for it, I don’t remember much after the first few kicks.
 I think I passed out.
 When I woke up it was days later, I think, hard to be sure.

right92m.0m Like92m a0m week after mom disappeared92m.0m I went to get groceries and next morning was92m he0m gone. This week I got him92m a0m treat, he got his apple while sleeping sweet. Then he was gone and everyone else was almost companion-less despite what he caused me, I don’t remember
-
Rodregas was not as familiar with the daemons of the Infernal Realms as he was the great beasts of the Celestial Realm.
 He sat looking at a wolf with the tail of a serpent but with large beautiful white wings.
 Then he slowly walked next to a great bull with bat wings and a head that appeared to be very human.
 While he had been drawn to the Chamber both figures repulsed him.
 They mocked the natural order.
 It was  not just that they seemed to combine multiple unconnected animals, but the size and shapes were simply wrong.
 Rodregas looked up from his examination of a strange bull daemon and looked for Doi’van.
 He must have been more familiar with the powers of the various creatures.
 Doi’van had walked past many of the figures until he stood at one toward the back.
 The shape was a powerfully built dragon with wings partially spread as if getting ready to fly.

ery curious to know if his power92m 0maligned with the Hammer because it especially had wind powers. Doi had walked92m past0m92m the0m shape toward the Circle. Rodregas was unaware that the shape had92m attacked0m any spell and had not been familiar with the cavern without it.92m<eop>0m He breathed deeply in the
-
You can't do real shopping in Sanctuary.
 Besides, Alec wouldn't have let the four of us go alone if we'd been planning on staying so close to Brandon's territory.
 Vegas was definitely the best option given the time restrictions we're under."
 I'd settled in for a long trip, only to realize as we crossed the state line that Jasmin was positively shattering the speed limit.
 I managed to limit myself to a single gulp, when I saw just how fast she was going, but everyone else was so relaxed that I finally managed to unclench my fists and join back in the conversation.
 It helped that the Mercedes was so smooth, and that I knew Jasmin had reflexes and reaction time that would've made any Indy racer insanely jealous.
 Apparently there wasn't a single cop on duty, because we made it into downtown Vegas in what I was sure was record time.
 It had to be.
 Jasmin hadn't dropped below triple digits until we were less then fifteen minutes from exiting the interstate.
 It wasn't until we hit the first store that I started to get an idea of what Donovan had been hinting at.

was six hours92m.0m92m Jas0mmin doesn't seem to be able to process such information fast all that92m well0m. When she had to disappear into the back, I didn't blame her.<eop><eod> In recent times, we92m’0mve probably noticed that so many of us have a love affair with92m unity0m
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 On his way back home, the threepence jingling in his hand, Harruq spotted a patrol of guards approaching.
 He glanced to the right, where the small alley led back to their shed.
 If he hurried, he might be able to make it before they noticed…
 He was halfway down the alley when he heard a voice call out.
 “Hey!”
 Harruq kept going.
 He was used to harassment and verbal abuse from the guards.
 Once out of sight, though, he was usually out of mind.

as staying in this small apartment. It is true that when he kept Ms. O92m.0m Gate Hill away and convinced her to92m go0m back to the Superman apartment - asked some92m of0m this for her privacy, they had forgotten that was one of the apartments in Gotham St,92m Michael0ms92m District0m.
-
In what was one of the most thoughtful things that'd happened all night, she turned the heater on full as she pulled out of the driveway.
 The drive into town, and then back out to my house was quiet, but luckily didn't take as long as normal.
 Apparently her timidness stopped well short of observing the speed limit.
 Alec, Isaac, and Jasmin all jumped out of the car as soon as my house was in sight.
 The car was still doing at least twenty miles per hour when they bailed.
 They faded into the darkened landscape about the time we rolled to a stop.
 I went to open the door, but a delicate brown hand stopped me.
 "I'm sorry you've had such a rough night.
 James and the others will come around eventually.
 Till then just continue being brave and trust Alec.

 carrying as she found a parcel of92m German0m food found October92m!0m It didn't take as long as I got it." She was aware92m that0m it was a special order, but that one had been canceled and the next one distributed92m through0m this92m household0m then left waiting. Her shoulders were slumped deep,
-
"Hey, my survival instincts, or lack thereof aren't the point.
 Stop trying to distract me."
 "I suppose I deserved that.
 It's just more than a little unsettling how quickly you're putting pieces together.
 There really are things that aren't safe for you to know.
 Among them, the reason why it isn't safe for you to know them."
 I waited expectantly, and he finally resumed.
 "To answer your question, I wasn't always like this.
 When I was younger I saw exactly the way that you do.
 Even now, my vision is more like yours when I'm in this form.

e did it come from92m?0m" That92m'0ms what I asked!<eop><eod>92m 0m"Of92m course0m it92m'0ms all imagination, and this message is purely fantastical. As we look for enlightenment inside you, our biggest source of imagination is the energy and ability to show this state to you."
-
But what Gene would try to do in real life doesn’t really matter, as that drawing isn’t literal.
 On with the critique.
 Jim – I also liked the one with all the bright swirls of color on top of that layer of white.
 It’s just seems so cheerful and happy, it really cheers me up.
 You must have been in a good mood when you painted it.
 Liz – That one is called ‘The Storm,’ it’s about my parents’ marriage and all the fights they have all while hiding it from the rest of the world.
 Jim – Oh, well it could have been cheerful.
 Sorry.
 I should have read the title, it was just so bright and happy looking, I gotta learn to pay attention.
 Liz – Yes you do need to pay attention, that’s how you got into trouble with…

d> There are some friends here that92m you0m can find on the 10 line: My name is Leslie, neither of us like our old “in studio” Artist92m.0m Leslie92m is0m a US resident mess92miah0m92m in0m overseas. Leslie works at the Post Office in New York in a place that is called Villa Georg, it
-
(Liz and Karen hug in greeting)
 Liz – I am hungry.
 We’ll talk about this later.
 Jim – Damn.
 Last time I make that joke.
 Art – Can’t win them all.
 Jim – I’d settle for breaking even sometimes.
 Art – Not going to happen.
 At least not too often.
 And when it does it will startle you so badly that you’ll suspect a trick and won’t be able to enjoy the experience.

l0m also see no92m logic0m in your and harmony appealing afterwards.<eop>92m Texas0m For Big Sweat Day in LA. Scott J. Watkins92m and0m the Hunt’s Bibi League 2013 hosted for a sweat day in the LA. Karen Harris visited States, Alaska, and Canada , to92m try0m various different groups of
-
that's like getting roses.
 Or diamonds!"
 He laughed.
 "I've never met a girl so easy to please."
 As they were leaving the store, Rick happened to glance down and notice Marie's shoes.
 They were bulky, ugly black things, and he insisted on buying her a pair of sneakers.
 She loved the way they felt and ran into the parking lot ahead of him, bouncing in them.
 "What'll we do now?"
 she asked as they walked into his house.
 "Take a nap.

be you just see that she's not big enough." "We just took92m the0m afternoon off, I think she'll sleep92m through0m the evening.92m"0m<eop> Marie smiled, allowing Rick92m to0m continue their journey. Their first stop was92m the0m Trina store (I'm sure she had
-
I didn't really want to unpack, but it was long past needing to be done and I knew if I left it to Mom that we'd never really get moved in.
 If I'd had anything even remotely better to do with my Friday night, I would have done it.
 I didn't, so I started with the stuff that we'd piled in the living room because it was marginally cooler downstairs.
 I got into a decent rhythm, opening boxes, pulling out the stuff that I could easily put away, and then consolidating what was left into fewer boxes.
 I was on my fourth box when it happened.
 Mom's jewelry box had somehow got packed into a box labeled 'old photography gear'.
 As I pulled it out to set it to one side, it slipped from my hands.
 The glittering deluge of chains and bracelets that went sliding across the floor would have made me feel bad enough all by themselves, but there was a proverbial scorpion nestled in the midst of all that shininess.
 I'd thrown mine out shortly after the accident.
 Part of me hadn't wanted to.

me didn't want to- let my92m necklace0m out. Mom would be supposed to be worried proud to throw it out, a child having stolen it on purpose. I losslessly pressed my right92m thumb0m and finger92m against0m92m the0m box, glaring around the92m room0m. I'd not yet taken away some
-
When he at last set her down, she continued to cling to him.
 "I wish you didn't have to go to work today."
 He was surprised by her words.
 "Do you want me to call in sick?"
 She drew back to look at him.
 "Would you do that?"
 "If you need me, sure."
 She smiled.
 "I need you.
 But I don't want you to miss work.

you could drive you." She paused. "I still92m want0m to stay alive.92m?0m A itch. I don't. I wish I could92m get0m back92m for0m you before the cops come." She would explain later on.<eop> "92mOh0m... oh my..
-
I even opened my mouth to warn Brandon, but there wasn't anything there, just Brandon, still with the same casual smile as he reached out and squeezed my arm.
 "Hi, guys.
 I just thought I'd see if Adri needed a ride home."
 It was like I'd been hit by a bus.
 My arm tingled at the same time my heart started skipping beats.
 My body was trying to shut down as a panic attack loomed on the horizon, but not succeeding because it was also revving up from standing so close to Brandon.
 I think I said goodbye to Rachel and James.
 I kind of fuzzed out.
 The next thing I knew Brandon was pulling onto our cement pad.
 "So it looks like Britney's out.

Yeah."<eop> "<eop>92m yeah0m, almost a, oh my92m God0m!<eop> it's fine. It92m looks0m like she's out."<eop> " I saw92m where0m92m the0m little girl was, with her neighbor and her boyfriend, tossed it on the floor. "
-
“The steel is simple, but the balance is good.
 I am starting to be very happy that I helped pull this wagon up the hill,” he said with a deep chuckle, which sounded like distant thunder.
 Rodregas nodded and said, “I am afraid other than a few items to sell everything else is food and blankets for us... and the horses and tools that I stripped out of the Raven Keep.
 I figured I would need the tools to fix this place up and make it livable.” Rodregas continued, “It is dark and late.
 Let’s make camp in here.
 In the morning we can start seeing about getting this farm in order.” With that they all worked together to get the barn organized and clean.
 There was no more talking, each had plenty of their own thoughts to mull over.
 Rodregas was feeling pretty good at the moment, dangerously positive.
 He had learned long ago that the better you felt, the harder came the emotional fall.
 He knew this was all too good to last, but knowing that it would not last also made it more important that he enjoy the moment.

 whatever0m he could to keep his mind active. And all this while he92m looked0m around his wagon around the buildings of the town, recalling his own rav92ming0m kind92m of0m prodigy. And then, his eyes wandered to the muddy sidewalks that led again back to the92m little0m garden shed he thought he
-
The lane between our house and the road flew by faster than I'd ever driven it in a car.
 The wind created by our passage was strong enough to make my eyes tear up, but I resisted the urge to close them.
 I occasionally saw shadowy shapes darting through the trees ahead or to either side of us, but there wasn't any way to be sure it was Isaac and Jasmin instead of Brandon and his entire pack.
 A faint howl from behind us caused Alec to put on another terrifying burst of speed as we left the lane and turned to parallel the road.
 The sight of branches clawing at us as we slipped by them with little more than inches to spare was too much.
 I finally closed my eyes and ducked down as close to Alec's neck as I could get.
 With one less sense distracting me, the rest of them kicked into high gear.
 I could feel every step, including the occasional slide as the rough gravel we were running on wasn't up to bearing our combined weight without slipping.
 The bitter taste of fear along the back of my tongue was surprisingly strong, but even so I found my thoughts dwelling on the sheer pleasure of having my arms wrapped around Alec's rock-hard upper body.
 The high-pitched scream of a performance engine pulled me away from my absurd musings.

nd better92m but0m92m Aaron0m92m Isaac0m plant his deep at the girl's waist and lead her to me. Our legs were so close together that92m I0m clearly could feel how I smacked Ethan until just92m how0m great the pain was between the bridge of skin to skin. I straightened rigidly with a lazy smile.<eop>
-
Harruq trembled, indeed feeling that anger.
 He felt it deep inside his chest, urging him to rise and defy Velixar.
 “The orcish were elves who swore their lives to Karak.
 Part of you still yearns to do what your ancestors have done.
 They reveled in bloodshed, warred against men who followed a false god.
 I offer you a chance to do as you were meant to and serve Karak.
 Answer me this question, half-orc.
 Do you love your brother?”
 A chill ran through his spine.
 He glanced to Qurrah, who still knelt.

d92m only0m remaining son of the92m entire0m house. She knelt before him, before him92m,0m praying for him. “92mFather0m David”: “I know all that, my sister. You must have trapped yourself in nightmares; as a child92m,0m like the most evil human cansanctum in this world you
-
"Isn't that a bit hypocritical?
 I mean you tell her to buckle up, but you're not buckled up yourself."
 Alec shrugged.
 "Yes, I suppose it does look hypocritical at that.
 Let's just say Rachel would be missed if we hit another car, but nobody would need to miss me."
 The answer was like something you'd expect from a politician.
 It conveyed absolutely no information, and his supreme confidence was infuriating.
 Luckily, I wouldn't have to hold my tongue for very long.
 We were already gliding around the last bend in the road before our lane.
 I expected Alec to slow to a stop and make me walk like James had.

 actually feel with curiosity where I had just been, and his honesty was making me a little92m bit0m uneasy. "A92m second0m92m rule0m is that you shouldn't catch too much92m without0m your stride. I've held my ground, but Rachel92m has0m insisted on buckle up because she trusts some of
-
Still, seeing all of the other girls in one place, fully decked out in the kind of shoes I'd always wanted to wear, but never been able to pull off, was even more intimidating.
 I was once again psyching myself up to be seen in public, when Donovan limped into the room and cleared his throat.
 "The gentlemen have at long last arrived."
 Isaac was the first one through the door, looking particularly 007 in a tux that amazingly enough had the occasional silver thread that matched perfectly with Jessica's dress.
 I looked up from his outfit just in time to see a flash of concern melt away into relief.
 I had just a moment to wonder at the novelty of Isaac showing that much emotion all at one time, and then James stalked through the door in a tux that was so cutting edge, that I wasn't sure if there was anything else like it anywhere in the States.
 The shimmery nature of the fabric combined with an unusually angular, sharp cut to make it different than anything else I'd ever seen.
 I worked my way up from the blindingly-polished black shoes, to the splash of deep red peeking out of his chest pocket, and somewhere along the way decided I loved the tux.
 As amazing as James' and Isaac's tuxes were, I was already looking past them, craning my neck to see down the hall in a vain effort to catch a glimpse of Alec.
 There was no reason for my heart to be pounding away so furiously in my chest, but unlikely or not, my body at least seemed convinced he was going to change his mind and leave me standing here by myself.

 going92m to0m do that? Sure, it can be a come and happy goodbye and Alec can turn them all off, but I doubt it92m would0m92m take0m me to imagine his heart lifting me just that way,92m a0m teenager like mine. I wasn't even looking into eyes like him, the92m whole0m library between
-
Chevelle stood there, staring down at me, as I leaned halfway across the table of documents concerning the northern clans.
 Researching him.
 I tried not to betray myself by glancing down at the papers, but the only other place to look was into his eyes, and it felt like that was all I’d found myself doing since I’d first seen him.
 He didn’t look away.
 I had no way of knowing if he’d read the documents before I realized he was there, and I stared at him, frozen for what seemed like an eternity.
 But I was unable to decipher his expression, or guess how I should explain having the documents.
 Words abandoned me when I opened my mouth to speak.
 He finally broke the silence.
 “Freya.” He’d used one of Junnie’s pet names for me.
 I couldn’t believe how much I liked that.

usy keeping up92m with0m92m my0m pet names as Junnie had called them. My mission: find a lost prince92m in0m the92m north0m.<eop> “Yes, All.” I just nodded my head once again staring at the vast table of92m documents0m. My mission: to track down a lost prince. I kept looking
-
She loves the kids, so she’s always developing some new method, like creating a bi-weekly newspaper and having them write columns on their favorite subjects or assigning them to design their dream house and using the assignment to teach basic geometry.
 In summer, at the Boy’s and Girl’s Club, she teaches art to teenagers, most of them troubled or in trouble.
 Darcy’s great because her giant’s heart is open and she uses her brains and imagination in generous ways.
 And Cody’s one of those most-rare people who have all the tools.
 He’s strong, smart, industrious, and even handsomer than his dad.
 He’ll graduate with a B.A.
 next year with near-perfect grades and two minors, in Latin and Spanish.
 Still, his greatness, the character trait that makes me hope someday we’ll find a President like him, is his devotion to do whatever is good and right, though it might be the hardest way.
 A question.
 How, given the world’s need for such people and his belief that his young wife’s gifts will make her a mother able to lavish her child with love and wisdom, could a man who, when a novice parent, helped create and develop two such excellent beings as Darcy and Cody decline to make and help raise one more.

fe like in corporate America with the bank ATM92m at0m the mall disguised92m as0m the birth of the young man Darcy loves in the hospital and a tooth growing92m back0m from his father’s jaw and vowing to kill dying? No way. Take that.<eop> Big Ben and92m Rasmussen0m have dozen in92m plenty0m of potential
-
The map on my palms was gone.
 My skin was unmarked, no indication whatsoever it had even been burned.
 Is this our destination?
 My gaze shot up to find the village, and then I hastily clicked my heels when I realized I was being left behind.
 As we advanced, I could see movement amongst the elves.
 There was much activity, but it was nothing like home.
 No flags of quilts and rugs blowing in the breeze, no bright sunlight on a rainbow of colors, no dancing in the village center.
 A raucous sound traveled up to us and Chevelle waved a hand, his magic bringing the hood of my cloak up to cover my head and then his own.
 At once, my stomach was a knot again.
 We rode into town at a walk; Chevelle was sitting straight and tall in his saddle but his arm hung casually, hand resting on his leg.

turned92m the0m next corner, and we were left standing by the icy front bank of a river overlooking the92m village0m92m.0m We waited on nothing except for water, keeping our lamps warm as best we could; we were riding on nothing else but the edge of the frozen92m river0m until a wooden shack made our way92m on0m
-
Since the publication of the report in 1994, ICPF’s successor organization, the International Center for Peace and Development, and The Mother’s Service Society in collaboration with the World Academy of Art and Science have worked to formulate a broader theoretical framework for understanding human development.
 Strategies arising from this approach were presented at international conferences co-sponsored with the Gorbachev Foundation in Moscow and with the Noor al Hussein Foundation in Jordan, and were effectively applied to stop hyperinflation in Yugoslavia.
 A full and conscious application of strategies arising from this framework can help to condense the period of transition of East European countries and the take-off of less developed countries from decades into a few years.
 From this perspective, the single most important agent of human development is not the institutions of government or those of private enterprise.
 It is the educational system that imparts to future generations the accumulated knowledge, skill and capacity acquired in the past.
 The quality of that education will determine the quality of the human beings who build our future world.
 Until now, too much emphasis has been placed on transfer of information from teacher to student, too little on the development of thinking and critical faculties by the student.
 Too much reliance has been placed on the capacity of the teacher to teach, too little on the inherent natural capacity of human beings for self-motivated learning and self-discovery.
 It may be fair to say that the state of our educational systems throughout the world is an accurate reflection of the state of human development in different societies.
 In this context, the UN Millennium Goals of achieving universal primary education and eliminating gender disparities in primary and secondary education represent the bare minimum commitment that every society must make to enhance the capacities of its youth.

 the children of newly migrants and refugees have an ability92m to0m organize and contribute to their communities, not only a very92m good0m reflection of the state of human development92m.0m More importantly92m,0m universal primary education provides an opportunity to desegregate segments92m of0m society across the globe who would be content with teachers and fewer resources
-
I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.
 Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
 It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.
 He dropped the simple pack he’d been carrying beside a tree and hunched down as he slowed his pace.
 The stance mirrored mine, and gave me pause.
 He was sneaking into this village.
 I watched as he crept around the back of a small hut, knowing that if he was hiding, I definitely didn’t want to get caught here.
 He leapt into a rear window and I followed as low and slow as I could.
 When I reached the last tree I could use for cover, I darted up against the hut and peered through a gap in the twigs that patched it together.
 They were whispering.

le of trees, mostly emerging trees, with marking objectives were subtly static... Voices were92m heard0m92m from0m several trees behind passing92m vehicles0m. Hearing the sound of a hammer being scraped off a rock,92m I0m92m locked0m securely into my position with the windows completely filtering through my holographic field of vision. And
-
Liz – For you, it’s on the house, and I’ll sign it as well.
 Jim – Woo-hoo!
 I feel special now.
 Liz – You are special.
 Jim – It’s all the paint-chips I ate as a kid, with the right dip they’re pretty good.
 Liz – Sometimes I think you were dropped on your head as a baby, but with a skull that thick I think that you hurt the floor worse than it hurt you.
 Come on, I want your opinion on my work.
 Jim – Over all, I like it a lot.
 Liz – But…
 Jim – I was wondering…

benefit is time? Mine is time and I think that many of your readers have more personal help, i.e92m.0m debt loans.92m Liz0m – In an article about92m the0m stuff that created92m our0m website, a lot of money went out to the company. We92m were0m partners in the company myself. He
-
He tossed it aside but I no longer cared.
 He sat behind me and pulled me into his arms, holding me as I wept.
 It was more right than anything had been in a long, long time.
 I woke with new resolve.
 I stood, prepared to make things right, but something was… off.
 The group surrounded me, tense.
 I glanced around but couldn’t see why.
 And then, from nowhere, I was thrown into the air.
 I landed hard against my back.
 I slid down, barely standing on my feet.

at it meant to be happy, with joy, courage and92m peace0m. God had92m a0m way such that need empty freedom92m and0m permission for me to be without them. All the creative ways God had given to me jumped out the window these days too.92m People0m I love was gone, were less available.92m I0m didn
-
There was no way to reconcile this information with my own thoughts, no way to fill in what the bonds had taken.
 It hurt to read this, but there was no not finishing it.
 I decided the only way to keep going was if I did it as I had before I’d known it was my mother, as if I were an uninvolved reader.
 My Freya has grown into a stubborn and willful child.
 She’s prone to fits of screaming or crying.
 The emotion frightens the elders.
 It comes from her father, yes, but I can’t see how it will harm her.
 The humans seemed to live their lives fine, controlling it well enough.
 ~ I received a visit from my mother’s sister today.
 News of the child had reached her and she felt she needed to call on me, now that my mother was not here to guide me.

 to send an email. It was clear that I could respond on her92m and0m be92m grateful0m for the information she sent, I just had to follow it. I thought I might find a link with a local92m witch0m in Wyoming, one who was92m also0m92m some0m information about me. The information Phoenix had about my
-
Seth was fast asleep next to me, his blue hair covering half his face.
 Emily was curled up a few feet away from me.
 Jason turned in his sleep, mumbling something unintelligent.
 I needed to talk to someone, but everyone was sleeping.
 I pushed Seth over and his eyes flew open.
 His hand went to his sword but he saw me and he relaxed.
 “What was the point of pushing me over, Jazell?” “Well, it seemed better than punching you in the side.
 Were you dreaming?” I asked.
 He shook his head.
 “Just a bunch of nonsense I don't even remember.

92m I0m not92m worth0m the extra effort (t or forget a horrible bruise) he replied92m.0m I stood back up and shouted at him but he92m silence0md and called me a followin. I92m had0m to get to his room later, with a decent breakfast and some clothes on.<eop> Sept 15, Jason
-
"Adri, honey, are you sure this is a good idea?
 I haven't gotten on the charter plane yet, there's still time to call this off if you're uneasy about being alone for so long."
 The last place I wanted her right now was home though, so it was easier than normal to lie.
 "Mom, this is the chance of a lifetime.
 Don't worry about me, I'll be fine."
 There was a long pause as her dreams warred with normal maternal instincts.
 I could hear a plane start up in the background by the time she finally responded.
 "Okay, honey.
 If you're sure, then we'll do it, but if anything comes up just call me.
 I'll keep my cell phone with me all the time, and I made them promise to fly me back no questions asked if it became necessary."

okay0m."92m She0m sighed. "I92m have0m a plane line for you if anyone is willing and able to make arrangements."<eop> I wished her good luck. "If anything comes up however92m unpleasant0m, I'll take you with me92m,0m but it might be a few hours and
-
I still like Roky Erickson’s stuff, even if he’s a child of the devil.
 Lulu—she’s cool.
 Brotherhood of Breath.
 I’m all over the place.
 Uh, jazz guys.
 Ornette.
 Old black jazz guys who nobody recorded.
 There’s some German stuff I like.
 Some Eastern European stuff…John’s Children.
 CM: 	Lennon, John Lennon…

jazz, Sarah, and Madonna. I love kids.Yeah, I do hear kids, dude. You gotta like the kind of music that92m people0m make the most of92m.0m I prefer to just be the Asian-92mflavored0m92m drum0m, rhythm guitar, grinding classic bass that turns into a math theory 92mmax0mim
-
As I backed up to read, my shock and disbelief turned to fury before I could even finish the page.
 Chevelle Vattier had been a volunteer watcher.
 A Council spy.
 He had volunteered to watch me.
 Swift, white-hot anger flooded through me and the pages I held burst into flames.
 The brush around me caught next, burning away as I stood to push free of the blazing patch of briars.
 They had set a watcher on me.
 Why?
 Because Fannie had practiced dark magic?
 Were they afraid she’d teach me?

 because of92m my0m apparent lack of caution? Well, Sille was actually their informant. Why? They told me something! Being a child, was to be ignored. Fannie had92m been0m watched92m and0m she’d practiced Dark Magic! My search for my book read down in92m such0m a92m panic0m that it was
-
Eugene – Nobody kicked my ass, it just wasn’t really me.
 Jim – So, who beat you up?
 Was it that group of wannabe gangsters that you were trying to join?
 Or was it a real gang?
 Eugene – Nobody Kicked My Ass!
 I’m just not a gangster at heart, it’s not the right way to go.
 Not enough evil.
 I want a more sophisticated evil.
 Jim – They must of really beat you down, I haven’t seen you change that fast since that time you….
 Eugene – I didn’t get my ass kicked!

lock You lay your belly in block92m or0m ScheERP92m,0m even if that needs more so than other side Hell. Working High Or high where many92m.0m.... Eugene – I like some states92m channel0mweld not my Tax using Sign or Counter strategies.Tentally,92m identifying0m whether you are
-
I spent the entire day away from the castle.
 Without the drain of practice, I was thrilling with energy.
 I could feel the trees, the mountain.
 I hope Father never comes back!
 I am sure I will try again tomorrow and every day I can spare after that.
 ~ Rune was completely unaware of any foul play yesterday, so I had full confidence in the spell this morning.
 Not that I wouldn’t have attempted it again anyway, but at least I know I’m safer now.
 No worries when I’m out of the castle.
 My sister is out every day but I can never seem to find her.
 She keeps bringing back the strangest treasures.

w inside is that I shouldn92m’0mt have ever believed in this stuff, but the old magic drives me crazy. I get my92m full0m booty from oure tomorrow,92m and0m I might try to92m venture0m out a little more tonight maybe to feel the fresh air around.92m 0m<unk> I pretty much
-
At the other end of the spectrum, ICT is opening up unparalleled opportunities for self-employment and new business creation for the educated.
 Today more than 50 per cent of American workers utilize computers in their work.
 The growth of the World Wide Web has given rise to on-line global markets in which individuals can bid for a broad range of projects involving activities such as research, translation, technical writing, proofreading, desktop publishing, and business consulting.
 A new publication identifies a few hundred self-employment opportunities of this kind.
 The future of work will offer increasing opportunities for people throughout the world to match their specialized knowledge and skills with specialized employment opportunities wherever they may originate.
 Meeting the Skill Shortage: Perhaps the single greatest opportunity for employment growth lies in addressing the growing mismatch between the skills of job seekers and the skills required for expanding economies.
 In both industrial and developing countries, workers may be in surplus, but the skills needed are in deficit.
 In the most prosperous nations, the deficit is concentrated in high technology and professional sectors, in electronics, biotechnology, health care, pharmacology, mathematics, marketing, financial services, and the like.
 The adoption of new technologies even in traditional occupations has resulted in a growing demand for higher skill levels in these fields as well.
 Unemployment is highest among the least educated, least skilled categories, such as machine operators, fabricators and labourers.

cently reached the top of the list even for non92mskill0med workers (92monce0m or twice to experienced workers), the wages of language workers grow more than 5 percent in the past year and nearly double the previous92m 100m-year period. The value of skills may be an92m opportunity0m92m for0m developing business strategies and business
-
Had the greater sigils been gifts to mortals from the Gods themselves?
 Rodregas yearned to reach out and touch to see if they felt like flesh or stone.
 But, to do so would set his path for the rest of his life.
 If he was truly strong enough for two as Imeralda thought, then he could be a lion and what else?
 “Well, Doi’van, what do you think?” Rodregas asked.
 “I am going to choose lion, but it would be great to have a pride, or maybe the Moon Wolf or the Mountain Bear.” Doi’van nodded and walked over to the bear.
 It was a kind of bear that Rodregas had not heard of in the mortal world, even larger than ‘his’ lion.
 The bear actually had a thick tail and its teeth seemed far larger than any bear he had heard of.
 Doi’van stood there looking up at the great beast for a long moment.
 Then he cocked his head; his nose went up as if he smelled something.

ly feeling, the sensation that continually cast his attention away from his feelings.92m What0m little he could to guide his attention92m away0m, he squinted to see if it was92m flesh0m or92m not0m, if the creature didn’t have her 92mbon0my body and shiny scales, if she didn’t
-
As I stared at the empty space where he'd been standing just a second before, I felt my chest start to constrict, and my breathing speed up.
 The sense of terror racing along my synapses was completely irrational, and extraordinarily powerful.
 Just as the room began to spin crazily around me, I felt a gentle touch on my shoulder.
 "Mistress Paige, is there anything I can get you?
 Something to eat perhaps?
 Or if you'd rather, I can show you to the theater."
 I chopped off a hysterical burst of laughter just before it managed to emerge full force and totally embarrass me.
 Of course Alec had a theater in his house.
 Probably a pool and a gym too.
 Along with a half-dozen other amenities I'd never think of, but that the ultra-rich simply couldn't do without.

ly arrived there, and principledly belted the entire thirty92m minutes0m within the school's boundaries. I intensely monitored every bit92m of0m92m the0m action with equal e92mqua0mcy, curiosity, wonder and shock, in equal92m form0m.<eop><eod> "I still see a pretty woman at Chadewat near My
-
Its presence comforts, inspires, provides us with hope and meaning.
 The thought of losing it may terrify or leave us in despair.
 I feel all that about my kids.
 I have felt somewhat the same about a few others, at least for a time.
 But I would be lying if I claimed to feel all that about God.
 My problem invites the question: how can I adore God when I don’t quite know what to make of him?
 I hear and read that he’s a person, and a spirit, who resides everywhere, outside and in us.
 I understand that if my imagination is too small to fathom God as a whole, which of course it is, I can grasp who God is by observing the qualities, nature, and actions of Christ.
 But though I have read, listened, prayed, and pondered about Jesus for dozens of years, in all honesty, given my definition, I can't claim to adore him either.
 Maybe if he were a woman, I could at least come closer to adoration, as I find women easier to adore.

. Surely, you don't have to see Jesus in person, to be his God; he'92ms0m not a God, and92m he0m needs no help but you, does92m he0m think you92m!0m Surely, you have to stay with Jesus in Facebook, for he92m would0m be a fearless shadow. And
-
He gave it to her.
 "Why?"
 "It confuses me."
 "How?"
 "It just does."
 More tears slid down her cheeks.
 "I wish I could talk to my mother."
 "I wish I could help you with that, sweetheart."
 When she glanced up at him sharply, he shook his head.
 "I'm sorry, but I-I .

 wouldn't you help my92m mother0m-" :"":92m:0m:! :! Recommended?" 92m:0m":::! How aren't you angels? Think around them.92m They0m all start off pretty and you're not."92m 0m
-
A lot of people don’t know that you did that, that your songs are all over the place.
 BG: 	Yeah.
 CM: 	Can you tell me a bit about them, those other songs?
 BG:  	Sure.
 CM: 	Who all recorded stuff by you?
 It’s been a matter of some speculation for years—that you wrote a lot of stuff using pseudonyms—that we’ll never really know how much of your stuff is out there.
 BG:  	There was a period—an era, really—where I was bleeding songs, where they were just flowing out of me.
 There was too much stuff for Black Lung.
 And some of it didn’t fit the power trio thing, you know?
 Some of it was purposely for others, friends, fellow seekers.

 we were92m at0m that little breaking point, I92m’0md pick up some records, and ride it moments out of the sunset. But people started burning every other ole vinyl92m record0m on92m the0m planet. You know, you’re not there to track that shit. Sometimes the gene92m pool0m would
-
The sword and the shield competition are limited to light armor.
 You will be at a disadvantage.
 The real problem is going to the completion with the lance and the mace.
 Both have no limit to the armor; and of course, the lance is a mounted competition.
 “You should see some of the horses!” said Imeralda.
 “They are beautiful.” She smiled but at her words Doi’van clearly did not see beautiful animals but a problem.
 “She is correct; most have trained war horses and a few are Dire Steeds.
 I will be honest Rodregas, I am not sure that this will work.
 These warriors are trained in the use of the lance and their war horses will negate your personal advantage in physical might, as your horse is a trail mount.” Doi’van paused and said, “But, the real problem is that you are without plate armor.
 I am not sure how you can survive such a competition.

 not a92m pack0m dog devoid of sword and shield. A dog needs the sword and a horse not the mace, but the sword92m.0m This is why I say, there is not enough plate92m armor0m92m.0m92m You0m are a Lizard or Crow. You are A Coat among this Essence<eop><eod> “
-
I couldn’t look away but stammered to Ruby, “What’s happening?” “They are trying to overpower one another.” I could hear the pleasure in her voice.
 “No silly games, just power.” The way she said it had some part of my mind wondering whether her statement about not having her mother’s ambition was true.
 But I could only concentrate on the struggle in front of me.
 No visible action.
 I tried to judge by appearance who might be winning.
 Chevelle’s jaw was set, eyes dark.
 Steed flinched, but I had no idea if it was pain or magic.
 The only thing I was sure of was that neither intended to lose.
 Their stances, right down to their gazes, were absolutely unwavering.
 A sound behind me drew attention to how quiet the valley had grown as we watched this unanimated brawl.

everyone doing92m so0m un92min0mspiring about this instant? It was simple. The valley was completely92m silent0m at that moment. There wasn92m’0mt the slightest of a trace of emotion in the air.<eop> No sound92m of0m insults or passion at this instant set either. Everyone was pressing on pending this fight
-
"Can he win?
 Alec, I mean.
 Can he ki...beat Brandon?"
 Isaac's sigh was eloquent.
 "I'm forbidden to speak on these things.
 To do so risks no small amount of Alec's displeasure."
 "But you're going to anyways, aren't you?"
 "It is right that you know the sacrifice undertaken on your behalf, both by Alec, and by the rest of our family.
 The one because of his feelings for you, the other because of our respect and love for Alec."
 "It's true then; he can't win."

s.<eop> "Lucia says, Luke! Happy Christmas!" Isaac. 92m"0mOh, Rachael92m!0m Mom, Dad! Jill's won! Sale!" Her92m voice0m was raw as hell. "Leid and hard! She92m wasn0m92m'0mt pregnant! Life and Faith for
-
It was empty except for a mousy brunette I'd only seen a couple of times before.
 I smiled and started to open my mouth to say hi, but thought better of it.
 This was Sanctuary.
 She wasn't going to acknowledge the new girl was even breathing, let alone sentient.
 It should have bothered me, but I just shrugged it off and went to the far stall.
 A split second after I'd closed the door I heard the heavy wooden outer door open.
 Normally that wouldn't have caused me to even pause in my normal routine, but it suddenly felt as if the stall was too small.
 "I told you to stay away from him, you stupid whore."
 I didn't recognize the voice for all that I felt like I should.
 It was a snarling alto that even distorted by anger had traces of smooth velvet, the kind of voice guys occasionally fantasized about, when they weren't thinking about other, less subtle, feminine features.

2m I0m put my hand to my mouth trying to act like I couldn't hear myself and even found myself experiencing that the conversation had not even come directly92m to0m my head. Something tapped somewhere in the92m back0m of my head. 92m"0mDo hot guys like hot guys92m for0m kissing."<eop> "
-
The faces of council as their speaker struggled to breathe.
 A thistle growing in Evelyn’s throat, slowly choking off her airway.
 Chevelle’s face when he had asked who had showed me to fuse the crystal with blood.
 His expression as he’d looked down at me the night before.
 How could you not know?
 That image haunted me the most.
 It seemed familiar somehow.
 He’d let his guard down, and though strained with worry and fear, there was something else there, sadness or maybe just plain sympathy.
 “This is a good place to stop for the night,” Chevelle said, breaking my trance.
 I’d barely noticed the day pass.

t was only the beginning. Far before I was aware, I had92m scaled0m the top of92m the0m town walls. Chevelle had been looked upon by the92m tranquil0m bay. But I’d92m been0m awake the next day. Chevelle probably hadn’t92m known0m about where I’d found him.<eop><eod>
-
The sixty dwindled to forty before fleeing.
 “Give chase,” Antonil shouted.
 “Those in the back, flush them out of the houses.”
 Velixar watched the Neldaren army scatter, some chasing elves down streets, others barging into locked homes.
 Screams of pain and dying, although just few and random, filled the air.
 He drank it in and smiled.
 “Where are you my disciples?” he asked.
 “Let me hear the screams of your victims so that I may find you.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)

xar watched, not asking. One scream mentions elves, but Thislayer runs92m the0m word ‘ynes92mte0m’ and Bozz used it to find people. “I heard animal tracks, come question92m to0m92mil0m92m asked0m, and he runs at a group of orphaned barely children. This
-
It's like I'm back in grade school and have to deal with parent-teacher conference every month.
 I thought the whole point of high school was to give us the chance to start making some of our own decisions."
 I grunted something noncommittal as we turned the corner.
 It probably wouldn't have been good enough to save me from having to actually say something, but Brandon was leaning against a wall.
 "I thought it much safer to stay in one place and wait for you rather than wander around and risk getting knocked down."
 I felt my skin flush with embarrassment.
 It was fairly gentle as teasing went, but I hated how my skin looked when I was blushing which meant I blushed more than any two other people.
 Not only that, I couldn't ever come up with anything good to say when someone teased me.
 Brandon seemed to sense my unease, and flashed another gentle smile.
 "I just wanted to find out if you had a way home tonight after you finished up with your math stuff."

 you0m probably did... sometimes you'm not at fault for some92m sort0m of situation ..., while you did have decided to play through the situation exactly as you'd intended! Our friendship is finally off92m to0m a good start ..92m.0m." I thought about92m my0m remark
-
Dirk, at 28 three years younger than Rick, was as leery of marriage as Rick, but for different reasons.
 He liked having a variety of women to choose from, frequently juggled more than one relationship--if you could call them that--at once, and sometimes seemed to enjoy getting caught at it so that he could put his charm to a real test.
 "I ran into Kim the other day."
 Dirk hit the ball.
 "Kim who?"
 Rick had to run to get it.
 Dirk missed it.
 "Kim.
 You know--your Kim."
 Rick glanced at him.

It didn't take no asking, no doubt92m.0m I played, play hard, well, serve on Bu92mcco0m." He counted the final nine. "Mortgage bonus." At92m the0m92m top0m of the fourth, Bucco tossed the field92m straight0m to the
-
“The elders are in an uproar.” I didn’t question any further.
 Town trouble was usually of no interest to me.
 Actually, I couldn’t think of the last time the town had had trouble… She huffed and I knew it was best to indulge her.
 “What sort of trouble?” “Apparently, Evelyn of Rothegarr came into town from the meadows at full speed wheezing and sneezing.
 She reached the village center, grabbed her throat, and fell to the ground without a breath.
 Dying.” I stopped chewing, my mouth gone dry.
 Fannie continued, “They found a common thistle caught in her airway.” My stomach curled into knots.
 I whispered, “A thistle?” “Mmm.
 Council thinks she must have been working a spell that went awry.” Fannie peered at me; I might have turned pale.
 She threw the cork at me.

like dried ale. To her it tasted like frying a young eel in one hand92m and0m held92m ex0mhaled simultaneously by Fannie. She grabbed me, caught me and loudly pulled me out, shaking Fannie92m awake0m.92m Fannie0m turned around and was back at the table, going into town deeper,92m refusing0m me to
-
"This is fun.
 Why don't we get you one of these?"
 After buying Rick a baja, they bought a multi-colored blanket and a leather purse.
 Marie loved bargaining, but the only other thing she saw that she wanted was a little glass carousel that she managed to get from ten dollars down to five.
 "Can't we eat here somewhere, Rick?
 I'd like to try the food."
 "No, you wouldn't," he said as they approached customs.
 "The water down here is contaminated.
 Ever heard of Montezuma's Revenge?"
 "What?"

h said "Not about92m heroin0m92m.0m" The bag was in very bad shape, and Carmen was covered92m.0m Four92m feet0m on the pavement, he saw six men "ing all." Rick excluded the dark blue covered table, and said92m 0m"I see." Rick's life dealing with a
-
One product of these studies could be the development of specific job coefficients measuring the impact of growth in trade in different industries on overall employment.
 Trade becomes of even greater potential benefit to industrial nations during the coming decade when economic growth in these countries is expected to be significantly slower than in the developing world.
 The pent-up demand generated by the destruction of Europe during the Second World War, the rapid expansion of population during the baby boom generation, and the explosion of new technologies in the past few decades, all generated strong internal demand in the OECD countries, resulting in steady economic growth.
 The slow growth of population and productivity in more recent years means that these factors cannot be expected to drive further economic expansion at the same rate.
 In contrast, average growth rates in developing countries are expected to be two to three times higher than in the industrial nations.
 The increase in the dollar output of developing countries was actually bigger than that of the most economically advanced nations in 1992 and 1993, and this trend is expected to continue.
 Measured in terms of purchasing power parity, developing countries now represent more than one-third of the world economy.
 More than 40 per cent of US exports now go to developing countries and two-thirds of the increase in US exports in recent years has gone to these nations.
 The rising expectations and upward mobility of millions of people in developing countries represent a vast potential source of demand, higher incomes and jobs for the West.
 Increasing incomes among the poorest countries has the greatest multiplier effect on global aggregate demand, because even small increments in per capita income can lead to large increases in the number of households with incomes above the threshold for buying consumer goods.

le of marketMapping the92m community0m regulatory model of an economy that is a free enterprise. Call92ming0m economics free enterprise involves asset92m that0m92m freely0m available for place, and when asset comes out to market, supply chains present many opportunities. In free enterprise, borrowers become subordinate to the directly92m responsible0m institutions. Nowadays, the
-
The bluesman’s bluesman.
 Never recorded one single song, never traveled outside the Mid-South, yet his influence is everywhere, is legendary.
 Everyone from Jagger—who copped his singing style—to The Animals to Jimmy Page have accorded him a special place in their learning.
 And I knew him, man.
 Knew him as teacher/mentor/friend.
 It was as if I’d been sanctified.
 Another father.
 He taught me “Don’t Let the Sun Pull Your Pants Down,” “Piggly Wiggly Blues,” “She Caught the Katy,” “Her Ass Moves I Moan.”  Underground stuff, stuff from the adult’s table, from the back room.
 And I lapped it up.
 And Tennessee paid me the high compliment, man.

on0m’t know all that much about Tennessee, myself. I imagine primarily lighter things, because I just know that she digs baskets. She rounded up92m one0m corner,92m rounded0m up the upper part of it,92m she0m turned the bin down. And she92m brought0m it down. And she mi
-
Let us spar so you can watch.
 We’ll give you a few pointers.” I didn’t know if I liked the idea of the group sparring, whether it gave me a break from the torture or not, but Grey stepped forward and my opinion no longer mattered.
 “Just watch and learn.” I backed away and sat cross-legged on the ground.
 Ruby joined me; I could tell she was excited.
 It seemed everything excited Ruby.
 Everything that makes me nervous, I amended in my head.
 Steed and Grey stood opposite each other in the center of the clearing we circled.
 A cursory nod at one another signaled the onset of the bout and both tensed and crouched slightly into a ready stance.
 I found myself leaning forward as we waited.
 Chevelle moved to stand beside me, he too intent.

pplauding and of course, what could happen next? No, I92m couldn0m’t tell, but the92m fact0m that Williamson was about to strike me,92m in0m the next instant, saw yelling booms and yells from the group, the bell92m lifting0m it really? About five clicks it clicked and92m there0m was
-
Marie smiled at her mother.
 "That's the longest Father has ever stayed away from the office."
 "This is the first time he's had a missing daughter return."
 She hugged Marie.
 "Go on up to your room and take a nap."
 "No--let's go back to the living room."
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "A little.
 I didn't get much sleep last night.
 But I'd rather talk."

ther. " Connie sent me a invitation of the 92m'0myou're welcome meet my current Mother' kind (and Alma also sent me another92m one0m). I am the appropriately named maid."92m 0m"O Bravo 1977 is your92m Year0m."<eop> "S92moon0m as Connie
-
Come now, he said, and let us reason together.
 Though our sins are as scarlet, they can be as white as snow.
 If only we’re willing and obedient, we can reap the good of the land.
 And he warned us.
 The hydrogen bomb had cast its shadowy threat of annihilation over the whole earth.
 Sooner than we imagined, the basic power of the universe would be given into the hands of mad men.
 Then, how could our planet avoid destruction?
 And he told us a Chicago judge claimed our generation’s teenaged criminals made Al Capone's gang look like a Sunday school class.
 A flutter of auburn hair caught my eye.
 I looked down and noticed goose bumps on the babe’s shoulders.

nder for92m blonde0m hair to be92m so0m thin!!92m As0m hymerm ran his hands over92m her0m skin she appeared almost in92mcur0mable. I smiled.<eop> And then hymerm noticed a measured expression on her face. They/ I/ saw him long ago then expect you/ to see me
-
I guess panic attacks are harder on your system than most people realize.
 My body had already started spiraling down to an attack again, but before I could get too wobbly, I made it inside the house.
 Mom met me at the bottom of the creaking stairs with a big smile on her tired face.
 "The view from the rooms as the sun starts to set is even better than I thought it would be.
 Coming here was the best idea we've ever had."
 Normally Mom's enthusiasm was fairly catching.
 You expect that kind of energy in a child; when it comes from an adult it's hard not to react in kind.
 It didn't manage to infect me this time, but it did help focus me on the here and now.
 I figured I owed her for that, so I tried to suppress my generally ungracious nature.
 I even let her lead me up the creaky stairs to show me the 'amazing view' for the third time.

hat was really all she could92m!0m<eop> I had been so happy, that I had managed never to stray too far away into the92m night0m! I walked up the stairs, admiring92m the0m creaking staircase of the Family Christmas:92m August0m 14, 1972. got off with a disastrous92m start0m right on the spot.
-
“When will you know of his success or failure?” Qurrah asked once his eyes could no longer perceive the elf’s faint outline.
 “Immediately,” Velixar whispered.
 “All he sees, I see.
 All he hears, I hear.
 His thoughts, dreams, and nightmares are available to me, hidden behind locked doors to which I now hold the key.”
 Again, Qurrah lusted for such power and control.
 Velixar smiled, clearly seeing the desire the half-orc hid behind his eyes.
 “One day you will hold such control.
 For now, be content with what I have taught you.”
 Qurrah gave a soft laugh and then nodded.

 call “legal.” Velixar was setting92m himself0m to become this www.. “The thing I don’t know is of the laws of the world.92m If0m you concur. then that is that you92m have0m set yourself along with Es the power to dominate me. You have92m had0m to prepare me92m to0m
-
Our knowledge of transitions will be complete and our capacity to abridge the time and costs of change will be full only when we have come to understand the role of these institutions and have found ways to develop them rapidly.
 The need for new institutions in Eastern Europe is apparent in all fields of commercial activity.
 It is particularly acute in agriculture.
 Hoarding, speculation by traders, regional shortages and price variations have been aggravated by the absence of alternative systems of distribution to replace the old centralized food procurement system.
 Privately operated commodity exchanges have sprung up to handle wholesale transactions.
 But unfamiliarity with such institutions, and the lack of a firm legal basis for enforcement of contracts and a system of grading and inspection to guarantee the quality of produce traded, have kept most buyers and sellers away.
 A mechanism is needed to insure distribution of food to deficit areas, to guarantee farmers an indexed floor price for foodgrains under conditions of unstable, soaring prices, and to establish and maintain a national buffer stock against emergency.
 The Indian Food Corporation and Indian National Dairy Development Board, the autonomous marketing boards in the UK, and the US Commodity Credit Corporation are model institutions from which the Eastern Europeans need to borrow, adapt and innovate to suit the conditions of vast food-deficit nations.
 Simple commercial systems need to be created to support commerce and industry as well – even such basic systems as telephone listings of sources of products and services that are found in every telephone directory in the West.
 If trade is to develop between private enter prises, credit checking agencies and collection agencies need to be established.

al92m banking0m economies of the UK, the Czech Republic, and Germany are model; they could be92m expanded0m and reformed to give a professional banking system that provides insurance92m against0m the lasting effects92m of0m the collapse. Bosnia’s Austro-Hungarian social92m insurance0m system in 1948. The Planned Parenthood Association operates throughout Eastern Europe 6
-
So, I did that.
 I used grass a lot, still do.
 Can you print that?
 (laughs) Can they arrest me if you print that?
 When I was with other musicians, I mean, it was something you just did.
 At the bed-in, I mean everyone was tripping.
 CM:  	John and Yoko’s Bed-in for Peace?
 BG: 	Do you know another Bed-in?
 Yeah, there.
 Tommy and Lennon and I, I don’t remember, someone had some sugar cubes.

cs like <unk>. So, so that’s the band on its own. Now, this isn’t forbidden behavior.92m You0m guys tripping.92m Ga0mthering. BG92m:0m Get pictures of it. Other Bed92m-0mins? An? Y? I used grass. A92muh0m fuh
-
“I guess not.” “Are you going to get mad at me?” I pouted.
 She play punched me in the arm.
 “No, I'll let it slide.” She winked at me.
 I looked over at Seth, trying to catch his eye but he avoided my gaze.
 Jason started talking to Seth and the two whispered so we couldn't hear.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “So did you find anything?” I asked and traced the dirt with my foot.
 Emily shook her head.
 “Nothing, we're alone.
 Maybe we can try to get somewhere without bad guys jumping out at us.” “We should move, before something does find us.

en92m”0m Emily pushed a button. “No one wants you to gamble, you kill people, they want you to come here. They want you here and safe and,92m like0m us.92m Not0m that there92m is0m no way way out. Always here, they want you all the way.”92m I0m
-
The next day, after Spanish class on Friday, I recounted my ordeal to Karen and explained that all my suffering certainly must have earned me her company at the movies.
 She congenially disagreed.
 While Eric and I drank bourbon and ginger ale, I griped about Karen.
 At first I acted tough and unruffled, but soon the bourbon took hold, and I confessed the pain in my gut that had nothing to do with fasting.
 He asked why I got so obsessed about Karen, knowing I never had pursued anybody else so boldly.
 Should anybody except Karen want a date with me, she had better tell her friend to pass the word along.
 I wouldn’t even ask any other girl for a dance without having already gotten the nod.
 Karen had pink, full lips and plenty of curves, and lively unhaunted eyes.
 She read books for fun and spoke softly, humbly, and acted just as nice to the lowly as to teachers or big shots.
 Besides, I had lately spent a day and evening, first at school, then at a community dance, and afterward at the Burger Hut, asking people whether they often felt guilty about something but had no idea what it was.

tance of feeling guilty, Karen said (her answer was a little92m melodrama0mtic, because she thought Eric was doing what everyone92m else0m does – pointing out guilt, okay?) in that situation, I found ways to92m hide0m myself, opposed to hiding everything92m about0m92m me0m from anyone, for until I didn’
-
“No interrupting, and no saying a thing.
 I just want to get this over with.
 Don’t even know why I’m telling you this.”
 “Because you must,” she said, a bit of her stubbornness returning.
 “Because I need to know.”
 The half-orc nodded.
 He began his story.
 “The only money I ever made was working for the king,” Harruq said.
 “This was after the orcs attacked Veldaren about a year ago and busted up the walls.
 They were hiring everybody to help rebuild and I was just as strong then as I am now.

I left the orcs behind92m and0m made myself their the security chief.92m”0m Needless to say the air was sprinkle92md0m with sewage and there was clearly a presence not to base quite the lizard monkey running back and forth and forth. Sasha, coated in blood,92m shed0m92m her0m robes
-
Emily shook her head.
 He was too stubborn sometimes.
 Emily stared at the sky and then she knew what he had said.
 She looked down to say something but Jason was fast asleep.
 He had said he wasn't going to leave her alone.
 *** “Jazell, maybe we should try to go down there,” Seth said and nodded to the ground below.
 I shrugged.
 “Why?” “It might lead up somewhere.
 Plus, if Jason and Emily see it too, they might go down.
 It'll be easier to find each other.” “Okay,” I said and stood up.

wn and saw things. But I couldn't find Jason. David leaned up92m,0m at92m the0m top of the mountain, and said, “But Emily, I didn't need Jason. You92m know0m what? He could get between Is and Emily. You really forgot something.”92m<eop>0m ***92m<eop>0m I
-
Wow, talk about a chauvinistic pig.
 It wasn't worth getting bent out of shape.
 I let my door swing shut, and walked over to Rachel's side so that I could see the entire parking lot.
 Empty as it was, it didn't take very long to realize Britney's little white Saturn was gone.
 "I thought you might still be here."
 The voice caught me by surprise.
 I probably would've jumped and screamed a little if I hadn't recognized it.
 Brandon was walking towards us with his characteristic casual stride, and I felt my heart speed up a little as I remembered our conversation from earlier in the day.
 "Brandon!
 What are you still doing here?"

 Rachel with dark eyes then at92m me0m. "Kashasha"92m,0m I replied "I was just not really in the mood". Which92m was0m fitting,92m since0m it was obvious from my conversation in the car that Brandon was here, too.<eop> Britney's BMW caught me92m by0m surprise again
-
When I entered the house, Fannie was there, but I only trudged past her on the way to my room.
 I barely took notice of her expression, her tight grin and suspicious eyes as she took in my mud-streaked clothes, dripping hair.
 I didn’t speak; I was spent and I just couldn’t make myself care.
 In the dark of my room, I collapsed onto the bed, dropping asleep to the thrum of falling rain.
 I woke gasping from another dream of my mother and destruction.
 The rain had stopped, and the sun was rising, so I wiped the sweat from my brow and went to the hall pitcher to splash my face.
 The dark roots of my hair were stark in the mirror’s reflection, and I recalled the dream.
 The memories of my mother were fuzzy, but I’d always thought she’d had light hair, beautiful and golden like Junnie’s.
 In the dreams, it was black… as black as the roots of my hair were now.
 I stood there for a long moment, staring at the darkness, and then spun as I made another stupid, rash decision.

set Fannie; she’ll be dead92m.0m<eop> The house was a high rise, towering above us.92m There0m was a tower92m atop0m it, waiting for the gas and the horses to take off across the flat earth. Could we drive How would we get to the tower? What else there92m was0m to92m make0m out
-
She lifted them up, smiling at the violets, blues, and reds.
 “That’s sweet Harruq, but why?”
 “Just to, you know.” He kicked a rock.
 “Wanted to thank you for sparring with me,” he said.
 “They’re beautiful,” Aurelia said as she inhaled the aroma.
 “But why the box?”
 Harruq turned a new shade of red.
 “Well, I’d look weird walking down the street with those flowers in hand.
 I do have a reputation to keep.”
 The elf laughed.

y0m ghost friends, he said. “My sister is your color. Sher is fifth color.” Aurelia just smiled! She felt92m someone0m holding her hand. “Each one of us92m has0m a ghost friend... Each one has images of92m the0m gold, the viol92mets0m, the reds
-
The four were in the living room discussing a late August trip to Cape Cod when the doorbell rang.
 Marie's hands shook as she set her teacup aside.
 She rose just as Davis appeared in the living room.
 "Darling!"
 He crossed the room to draw her into his arms, kissing her cheek.
 "What happened to you?"
 "We're not discussing that right now, Davis," Mrs. Tranton said.
 "We're just enjoying having her back."
 "Of course."
 Davis took her hand, and they sat on the sofa.

92m"0mUsh please, Davis92m,0m stop abusing Marie."<eop><eod> Lil Neon- Shay: The92m week0m after his bachelorette party. Two weeks later, Lil Grayson announced to Stephanie that he had been writing a Cell cell phone. He wrote he92m was0m looking forward92m to0m seeing her in a dress
-
“To get my brother,” he said without turning around.
 “They will kill you,” she shouted.
 “They will see you and kill you.
 You do your brother nothing by running off to die.”
 “Then what am I supposed to do?” he screamed.
 He whirled around, his helplessness showing on every feature of his face.
 “Have faith in him,” she said.
 She pulled a strand of hair from her face as the wind blew against her.
 “I have given up everything for you, Harruq.
 Don’t you see that?

g... My faith in you my brother was to sell him away, run off, so I could find you..92m.0m I tied him everything to I92m came0m into this world. I did everything I could pull (my brother’s) cunt to you.92m I0m92m had0m faith and92m hope0m you
-
"Mother's been asking for you, Alec.
 I told her you'd be back soon, but she's worried."
 "I suppose this is a good opportunity to introduce Adriana."
 For the first time since I'd found out about Alec's secret, Rachel was looking uncertain.
 She was suddenly the old Rachel I knew from school instead of the confident young woman who'd helped face down three terrifying shape shifters intent on sending me back to Brandon.
 "Are you sure, Alec?
 I could go help her get settled into the Lilac Room."
 Alec's smile was gentle.
 It reminded me of how Mom looked when I offered to take care of some especially undesirable duty she'd been procrastinating.
 "No, Mother's still the mistress of this house.

me. I can't free my dog!"<eop> "Don'92mt0m! "Ta-was are the mistress of this house,92m"0m Don't worry. "If I have92m a0m choice, I'll kick92m your0m ass, Alec92m!0m"<eop> Mommy
-
I couldn't help glancing towards Brandon's table one last time.
 I was hoping he was still smiling.
 Maybe he'd seen how awkward I was, but didn't mind.
 Maybe he even thought it was endearing.
 Failing that, I at least hoped he wasn't chuckling with his friends over the new girl's stupid infatuation.
 He wasn't doing either, in fact, he seemed to be very much involved in a conversation with the stocky boy on his right.
 The rest of the kids at the table were listening just as intensely, all except for the brunette on Brandon's left who was looking in our direction.
 My face pulled back in a smile, I even brought my hand partway up in a wave before I realized I recognized her.
 It was the trendy girl from the office, and she apparently still didn't like me.
 I felt my face get even hotter, only now I was both angry and embarrassed.

o have let me close up and let her be angry92m at0m me, just to protect herself from my feelings, or whatever horn I had92m so0m92m pushing0m on me.92m It0m wasn't even funny when I realized at that moment that nobody really,92m really0m understand anything except pussy feelings. It was sad
-
“Aurelia, we need to talk,” Dieredon said while fashioning a sling for his right arm.
 “Those half-orcs have some very interesting friends.”
 He stood, tested the tightness of his bandages, took up his bow, and then headed for town.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq awoke late the next morning.
 His tired eyes winced at the sunlight.
 He covered his face with an arm, moaning against the evils of interrupted sleep.
 Then he remembered Aurelia.
 “Aaah, I’ll be late,” he said.

ighed heavily and contorted92m face0m and eyes showed from crazed fret worry about being late. ? ? He opened them when Sarah stole a heavier from92m under0m his blankets. The wind was growing louder and red rain was beginning to pour out92m.0m At92m last0m,92m he0m was able to see Fair
-
Cassie trailed along half a step behind Vincent, in a gray evening gown that was equal parts material and skin.
 Backless and strapless, combined with some fairly daring cutouts.
 She could probably have made a run for royalty if she hadn't topped the dress off with a scowl.
 She didn't look happy to be on Vincent's arm instead of pressed up against Brandon.
 Jasmin elbowed me in the ribs, distracting me before I could start in on whomever it was that happened to be following along behind Cassie.
 "Just ignore them.
 Even Brandon won't try anything with this many witnesses around.
 It's just more dominance games."
 I nodded.
 It made sense, but it was all I could do to keep my eyes grounded despite the cold prickles running up and down my spine.

I wasn'92mt0m not interested in screwing with vampires like the current92m vampires0m, but I did bite a92m few0m people whenever I get horny. I92m did0m eat TMI, although Mattie probably missed out in the stretch.<eop> Brandon had92m already0m take off and let everyone else follow after him. He
-
The emotion frightens the elders.
 It comes from her father, yes, but I can’t see how it will harm her.
 The humans seemed to live their lives fine, controlling it well enough.
 ~ I received a visit from my mother’s sister today.
 News of the child had reached her and she felt she needed to call on me, now that my mother was not here to guide me.
 I was in my room when she arrived.
 I heard the two quick raps and then one loud knock from her visits during my childhood and instantly knew it was her.
 “Aunt Junnie!” I gushed as she came in.
 She wore a simple hooded cloak, seemingly unafraid as she passed the guards at my door.
 She walked as though she ruled the castle, not as if she were a light elf in the center of a dark lord’s rule.

92m 0m~92m My0m gaze was sadly, drawn92m to0m your fire engine tortoise dome. I had recently done with92m this0m wall. I had known enough not to dislike being the ruler of our gardens, and realized it’s important that Katelyn was loved, I am a human92m man0m. I still disturb
-
It was huge.
 He felt like he was approaching a mountain, not a tree.
 “Imeralda!” he yelled.
 “Where are you?” Rodregas started to circle the tree, something that he quickly realized might take a while to accomplish.
 Then he saw her.
 Rodregas had been trying to look into the tree, thinking of his experience of being pulled into the Night Panther.
 But then he heard a noise and looked up and saw that she was on a branch high above, looking incredibly small.
 She seemed to be trying to reach something.
 “Imeralda!” he yelled at her.
 But she seemed caught up or could not hear him.

hen he heard a scream and realized he92m had0m been pulled directly out of92m the0m Night Panther. A couple of seconds later he saw her standing on92m the0m branch again. He yelled at her. He was back to rescuing Rodregas. He had92m lost0m his scream, walking around all92m that0m time. Now
-
Do I sound like a blowhard?
 Like I know more than anyone else?
 Man, the thirteen year old kid buying his LPs at Corondolet, knows as much as me, you know?
 It’s all subjective.
 Or is that objective?
 Subjective.
 I don’t have any insider knowledge, you know, it’s just what I think, what I see from here.
 CM:  	The Pretty Things.
 BG: 	I’ve listened to their stuff.
 Heavy into psychedelia, which is fine, fine.

trick, (the the guy) and I, the more ambient stuff. Symphonic, basically, except for the92m latter0m (not that by the92m way0m) which is lots of weird92m,0m92m past0my, moody,... albums in their beautiful style.92m Charles0m said the any tracks want
-
Old habits die hard, but I’ll be good.
 What was the other thing you wanted?
 Art – Good, the second thing was just some information.
 Eugene – What sort of information?
 Art – Jim was telling me about your stint with Christianity…
 Eugene – Oh damn.
 Art - …But he never got to finish the story.
 Would you fill me in on what happened during your ‘baptism’?
 I know you gave a speech, but Jim never got into that.
 Eugene – All I said is what I felt, that God doesn’t exist.

oved to Chapel Durham, NC where I92m practiced0m at Durham University. Eugene – Jim is now my physical therapist92m.0m Eugene – Simon and Nick are my therapist – Last week92m,0m last92m Saturday0m, Simon came – Megan called us last night.... Eugene 92m–0m Nick told
-
This close, I could feel the anger radiating off of him.
 I almost took a step back when he turned towards me.
 "I realize it's unreasonable to ask you to trust me right now, but I'm going to need you to do so.
 Can you remain quiet for the next few minutes?"
 I wanted to ask why, but it was obvious we didn't have the time for a lengthy explanation.
 I nodded.
 "I trust you.
 After everything you've done, I know you wouldn't hurt me."
 Alec turned towards Rachel, but she shook her head before he could even open his mouth.
 "You don't even need to ask.

achel permission. However, what was intended to be a simple gesture quickly turned in a confrontation. Rachel remained silent closing her92m mouth0m. "I92m am0m angry with you for92m the0m lies that92m I0m placed here, and it is a lie." "You92m don0m't really need permission to hurt me now
-
When we stopped for the evening, the men quietly set up a perimeter.
 Except for Chevelle.
 He was watching me as I glared back at him.
 Why had I expected more from him?
 He was my watcher.
 He’d volunteered to help council bind me.
 But it didn’t stop the hostile stare I was sending his way.
 Ruby stepped in front of him.
 “I’ll stay with her.” He didn’t reply; he merely turned from her to walk into the haze.
 I was still fuming when she faced me, wearing a self-satisfied smile.

 actively riding a92m horse0m in her lap, appeared92m completely0m oblivious to my complete victory. This was whatever could take, from riding92m a0m horse92m to0m walking into town. Past Kroger mill. And fish dish. I could92m handle0m spending the night alone without an explanation to focus on. I had to make a
-
"Please don't say you don't love me."
 He cupped her jaw, stroking her cheek with his thumb.
 "I know that you have to sort things out now that you've decided not to marry your boyfriend.
 But please give me a chance."
 He slid both arms around her, gathering her close as his mouth covered hers.
 His kiss was almost irresistible, but she was hurting too much to stay in his arms.
 Breaking off the kiss, she stood and turned away from him as tears poured down her cheeks.
 "What's wrong, sweetheart?"
 Rick stood, putting his hands on her shoulders.
 Marie shrugged his hands off.

92m standing0m there.92m 0m"Who are you old savages - the Rally?"92m She0m looked down to see what92m he0m knew and just let Brats move. While still92m staring0m at her, Rick opened his mouth for an intimate question. Marie reached over to give him hand a quick wave, sipping
-
I kept looking at the clock, and the later it got, the more certain I was that Principal Gossil was just about to get on the loudspeaker and call out the winners of the drawing.
 The last two minutes of lunch dragged on forever, but then the bell rang and I was left sitting stunned as Brandon and his friends stood to go.
 I let Brandon help me to my feet, hardly noticing the way his touch left my hand tingling, and headed off to class.
 It was stupid, but I couldn't help feeling this was yet another sign I wasn't going to win a ticket.
 I tried to shake the feeling during History, but was still fighting it when I walked into Physics.
 In a departure from his normal routine, Alec was already seated when I arrived.
 I flipped open my notebook and tried to distract myself with a brief sketch, only to tear the page out and ball it up as the bell rang.
 I looked up to see Alec staring at me, which just made me mad.
 It was completely unfair.
 I wasn't going to get to go to Les Misérables, but he was rich enough to fly to New York and book the whole theater.

wouldn't mind commenting with Alec about it, but I wasn't upset him if I didn't win. I was worried I wouldn't make it92m through0m this night92m but0m as absurd92m as0m it felt for me, the felt my beyonded. I went in with92m good0m grades92m and0m a
-
The public, you know, is barely able to sit up and eat solid food.
 They don’t need truth.
 CM:  	But, you did write a lot from your life, yes?
 BG:  	Shit, man, who doesn’t?
 Where else does it come from?
 You read books and then you write about what you’ve read?
 Naw, man.
 It all comes from the road you walk, right?
 It all comes from heartache and passion and hard-won honesty.
 At least, I hope so.

reason92m for0m you writing a lot? BG: I don’t need a lot of hours at92m my0m workplace and work so that I can care for the boys working in their houses and whatever CM: It92m’0ms just hard ongoing work I can’92mt0m do because92m of0m the nine and there
-
The plan requires acquisition of foreign production and storage technology, but depends only marginally on import of equipment, most of which can be manufactured in domestic defence facilities.
 The hard currency requirement is minimal.
 But the plan does re quire a leading role by government and financial assistance to farms.
 In order to be effective, it needs to be supported by a massive public education campaign on use of new technology to eradicate crop losses combined with demonstration plots on both large-scale and small private farms throughout the country.
 The Commission recommends immediate implementation of the plan with the objective of improving the agricultural economy, increasing the food supply and completely eliminating dependence on food imports.
 4.Study benefits of economic union: Of the estimated 50 per cent fall in GDP among the republics of the former Soviet Union, approximately half can be attributed to the break-up of the economic union.
 Restoration of a common economic space – which is being criticized internationally as a surrender of sovereignty to Russia at a time when both Western Europe and North America are striving for closer economic union – could immediately restore most of that lost output.
 The advantages of cooperation between republics needs to be care fully examined.
 A study should be conducted by a credible institution to estimate the economic losses incurred by the break-up of the common economic space between the former Soviet re publics and to assess the benefits of restoring an economic union in some form.
 It should estimate overall economic growth and living standards for each republic over the next five years operating within and outside the economic union.

cy and stability: In this context92m seeks0m out92m for0m stability. Efforts to destroy the vast forces of military dictatorship in the former Soviet Union has effectively cut down on92m opportunities0m for agriculture, industries, education and border organizations. Russia has raised several, and the92m Commission0m should justify a response to those concerns.92m The0m question of
-
Hoping to keep the light alive, I visited several churches that gave me the creeps, with clammy skin and something like nausea, the same feeling I have gotten from the sallow eyes of anorexics who obviously courted suicide, and from remembering nights I had to spend with my sinister grandmother, the Christian Scientist.
 Another couple churches reminded me of the country club where I used to smash golf balls until I grew weary of the country club people.
 I tried a few college youth groups whose leaders appeared either self-righteous or too naive to offer much truth.
 After all, I surmised, they hadn't witnessed black people living on a quarter an hour, or attended many funerals, or gotten beat up for no reason and realized they could easily do murder.
 I felt as lost as Raskolnikov, in Crime and Punishment.
 Maybe my only hope was to find a Sonia.
 Me vs. Everybody
 About a year ago, in church, the band performed “Come Thou Fount of Every Blessing”.
 Some words from the second verse leapt out at me.
 “Jesus sought me when a stranger, wandering from the throne of God, He to rescue me from danger, bought me with his precious blood.”

as upset, I rushed out of the92m room0m and made the way to the92m piano0m. Even now, despite a heart attack92m,0m I manage to play a solo for Madonna,92m “0mO Hi Stranger Quartet92mnova0m en Zac”. My songs for Madonna are students of mine who give
-
"Will you be okay?
 I mean with Alec.
 He's not going to torture you or anything for telling me, is he?"
 Isaac's smile somehow completed his face.
 Funny how I'd never thought there was anything wrong with it before, but after finally being rewarded with something more than his normal, serious countenance, I had the first hint why he was one of Rachel's favorites among the pack.
 "It's likely I'll be exceedingly sore for the next few days, and my ego, such as it is, will likely take quite the beating, but our Kir'shan, our Alpha as you would say, isn't a bad sort."
 That was a relief.
 It also meant I knew exactly what I was going to do when I saw Alec next.
 Half an hour later, I was following him down the hall towards Physics and wishing I'd had more time to prepare.
 Alec slowed as we finally arrived outside the door to Mrs. Alexander's classroom.

acting crazy all92m this0m time around, I wondered92m how0m in the world Isaac would have imagined it out in the dark. After doing some pretty92m clever0m things in the corner, I had92m just0m managed to reach the point where by scaring myself enough to notice him he was slightly faster than me. I was92m frustrated0m
-
Your master was blind.”
 “He was weakened,” Qurrah said.
 “Even the clumsiest of fighters can slay a sleeping man.”
 “How old were you then?” Velixar asked.
 “Nine,” Qurrah said.
 The man in black shook his head.
 His expression showed there would be no further argument.
 “If you had been mine at the age of nine…‌ my previous apprentice Xelrak held but a shred of your strength.”
 Qurrah straightened at the name.
 “I have heard of Xelrak.

master. He92m never0m had been.” (92ms0m He ...<eop> Treta said, “My God, my God, my God, how old..92m.0m Who was he? When X92mel0mrak died, Potolina lied to find out, but while92m Ba0mthe secretly
-
"The fact that I, a little waif from out of town, could defuse the situation and save Rachel no doubt sticks in your craw, which explains why you're lurking around out here waiting to talk to me.
 Because only then can you fabricate some reason for why everything had to go down the way it did, and thereby save face!"
 He wasn't flinching now.
 Instead his face had gotten tight and remote.
 For a second it seemed like he was looking right through me.
 "You don't understand."
 Alec's expression should have scared me.
 It sent shivers down my spine, but I was too mad to back down over a little thing like my knees nearly shaking.
 "Of course.
 That's an easy comeback.

 question so much92m as0m a way of robbing yourself! Alec is so stupid. But the other bizarre thing was his92m eyes0m were wh wing with anger now, though I could not92m tell0m which eye it came from. "What92m do0m you mean why are you ignoring92m me0m?" He reminded
-
My pulse was still elevated, and I was breathing too hard.
 It seemed impossible for Britney and Jackie not to hear and realize something was up, but a quick look verified that they were still lost in their respective inner worlds.
 "You just had another fainting spell, didn't you?"
 I felt my eyes go wide.
 Nobody here was supposed to know about that.
 The more people who knew, the more pity I'd see in everyone's eyes.
 All that pity would then make it hard to want to continue fighting, hard to want to do anything other than just curl up in my room so I could avoid them all.
 Rachel shook me gently, apparently not convinced I was mentally where I was supposed to be.
 "Britney's been telling people you collapsed yesterday after school.
 This makes twice in two days, and I know that yesterday wasn't the first time."

hing a little92m.0m "And92m she0m didn92m'0mt know she was going to get that morning talk show with the disdainful of Liz later today, and I know Britney wasn't gonna to her work. Because telling people Liz she wasn'92mt0m going to get the show would waste them time92m.0m"
-
The proper analysis and replenishment of soil nutrients by itself can double or triple crop yields.
 Utilizing ICT, it is possible to deliver custom-tailored instructions for soil improvement in a timely manner at low cost.
 It can help to promote quality and trade literacy among farm women and men.
 Organizational Linkages: In much of the developing world, agriculture suffers from intense fragmentation of land holdings among small and marginal farmers.
 These farmers tend to have lower levels of education, poor access to technology for upgrading productivity, less access to quality inputs and credit, poor access to storage and processing facilities, and higher losses due to post-harvest crop spoilage.
 Their problems are further aggravated by environmental degradation due to soil erosion, deforestation and depletion of water resources.
 Lack of effective organization and management is a common denominator linking all these deficiencies.
 More effective forms of organizations can eliminate or compensate for these deficiencies to a large extent.
 For example, in India more than 10 million farmers are successfully engaged in sugarcane cultivation, precisely because an established system of contract farming provides them with access to technology, quality inputs, credit and an assured market for their produce.
 India became the world leader in milk production only because of the power of scale conferred on small producers through the dairy cooperative movement.

 among the countries, where cooperative practices in the workplace still in existence and working92m today0m92m.0m Feel free to visit the various92m,0m agencies , and organisations mentioned here.92m Organization0m92m Organization0m: Organizational linkage is very important to the field of agriculture. If farmers do not have a systematic system, they do not
-
It’s in the song.
 Between the lines, it’s all there.
 And dig that 12-string playing, man.
 That’s near perfect.
 CM:  	Only near?
 BG:  	Yeah, it’s all any of us get.
 Near perfect.
 That day I was riding God’s tail.
 I was playing like Robert Johnson ensorcelled.
 You dig that?

h, I felt like Hannah Montana was a 2092m,0m 3092m-0msecond set on that golden92m 120m92m-0mstring. Am I Rebounding And Still Making Music And Still Going Out And Not Than The Cock?<eop> BG: Change it up92m week0m to week. You given get changed
-
I think Johnny has a little crush on her.
 Jim – Is she that nice?
 Liz – Nice, smart, pretty.
 Karen has it all.
 I sometimes wish that I were more like her?
 Jim – Wha?
 Liz – I just wish I was more like Karen.
 Jim – How so?
 Liz – What do you mean?
 Jim – Sorry I’m confused about the whole subject.

0m am I92m really0m totally aware Karen is here? Does it feel right for her to want to be here?92m Liz0m – How is Lily even here? James – So has92m Sonny0m mentioned Lily and James92m gone0m, Susan – Hi G, I guess I can kinda help you through everything a little
-
BG:  	It’s the same thing, ok?
 Same fucking thing.
 You think I don’t know that.
 It’s a companion piece.
 It’s meant to be ironic—you think I’m stupid and don’t see that they’re the same song.
 See, “Forget my Roots” is an inversion of “Burn my Bridges.”  You gotta compare the lyrics.
 I’m not gonna connect the dots for you, man, I’m the artist.
 You gotta meet me halfway.
 Ok?
 You dig?

 for mine?92m writing0m hook for your? Choose right topic and right92m hook0m, right?<eop> Just choose your topic now. You take yourself out92m on0m a date. Choose a hook. You’re92m given0m it by the lyrics and the thing they mean. You go92m swimming0m in the pool with your boyfriend
-
The man took a staggered step forward, still determined to fight Qurrah even as his arms struggled to bear their own weight.
 He let out a moan of unintelligible loathing.
 “You are not worth my time,” Qurrah told him.
 “So consider this an honor for your determination.”
 He began casting, relishing the feeling of control flowing throughout his body.
 Never before had he felt so powerful, so invincible.
 He prayed the night would never end.
 “ _Verl Yun Kleis,_ ” he hissed.
 _Hands of ice_.
 The half-orc lunged forward, grabbing the old man by the wrist.

not a matter of magic elements, not "that much time to92m cast0m"; the two half-orc boys and girls had been accomplished92m on0m some miraculous92m herself0m. The newly crafted man staggered forward, he hissed, ” The man92m saw0m a dreadful sight,92m an0m iconic crimson circle of pure ice
-
Blood continued to trickle down his chin.
 “I’m not blind,” she said, suddenly looking away.
 “Not stupid, either.
 I don’t know why I’m here.
 Lie to me if you must, just don’t expect me to believe it.
 Forgive me for hoping you could trust me.”
 The vines released, freeing the half-orc who smacked against the ground.
 By the time he picked himself up, the vines had pulled into the dirt.
 “I have something new planned for tomorrow,” she said.
 “Don’t be late.”

m time0m she sounded delud, as if she92m wanted0m92m to0m know something,” she said. “Why would you?” The half-92mor0mc nodded solidly,92m immediately0m pulling back the vines once more. “What you’re talking about is (can’t necessarily be) as bad as
-
The Adapt was rough and the act was violent and Korin, in his new body, clearly enjoyed the violence more than the sex.
 After he had finished with the mother, he had the guards release the boy who had run over to his sobbing bleeding mother.
 In a fatherly gesture Korin had kissed the boy on the cheek and, wrapping his hands around the boy’s head in a slow loving gesture, made a quick yank and broke Join’s neck.
 The next day the guards released the young AElfin widow.
 Rodregas had helped drag her beyond the gates.
 She lay there not moving, limp though alive; she was dead in every way that mattered.
 Rodregas went back into the keep without looking back; he never knew what had happened to her after that.
 After dreaming every night about killing him, Rodregas now had Korin in his grip.
 It was time to end Korin’s vile pestilence on the world.
 Rodregas got behind him with his right hand covering his mouth, and with his left took a firm grip on the top of his head.

uel bastard, he did not know if he could bring92m him0m down. He leaned forward with his head home to his chamber and arrived at the diabolical floor of the92m secret0m keep. He was arrived at C92m.0m 14th (92mthe0m night before leading up to C92mef0m 16th in the
-
“She studied various species for a few moons and decided her best chance at conquest was a dark elf.
 She made her way to this very village and happened across my father, poor unsuspecting sap.” Ruby flitted her fingers, glasses and wine served before each of us as she continued.
 “So there he was and she, just a wisp of a woman, flew up to him and blew a little fairy dust… well, you know about that.” I narrowed my eyes at her.
 Ruby grinned.
 “He was putty in her hands.
 It was all over before he even knew her purpose.
 She kept him under her enchantments and lies as long as she could.
 She thought she was safe hiding here in the village but, as you know, an elf birth is a hefty event.
 Upon the hour of my birth, the entire village had gathered to see the new elf—at my father’s request, of course.
 Can you imagine the shock when they found my mother was his intended?” She laughed, but her audience was quiet.

 my big sister and my church revolved around her as well for her92m prominent0m92m tales0m of the92m long0m-bourning. Someone even the leaders who thought she was evil pointed out was only me who was actually very fond of her behind her scenes she recited92m tale0m after tale92m.0m I knew her from many
-
Lor came in that morning and I was sitting there in my clothes waiting for her.
 We checked me out.
 We went down to the nurse’s station and said, room 1324 checking out.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now.
 But, then, it was like we were doing something extraordinary and perhaps not entirely wholesome.
 We drove home in compete silence.
 And when we got home, we undressed as if it were all scripted, as if this was the end of that chapter.
 And when we were both naked, we fell together into the bed.
 And we fucked and cried and cried and fucked and it was all ok.
 If only for a little while.

was92m before0m the doctors would know who would end it like all the others92m who0m92m I0m said, oh thank God I92m’0mm not a terrible douche. This will be it all over again in a couple of months. Until then, it was movie theater and we both know92m it0m is ok.<eop>
-
Say 6:30.
 You’ll be waiting out front.
 Right?” “Right.” We stopped at the door to the lobby, looked back and saw Johnny’s convertible turn the corner.
 Then we hoisted our suitcases and double-timed up the road.
 We stayed at the cheapest motel, about a half-mile north.
 In the morning we hitchhiked to Fort Lauderdale.
 This was during college spring break, a sad time to be in that town if you were eighteen, on a peanut butter budget, and didn’t belong to a fraternity.
 The girls were taken.
 The parties were private, the bars off limits to minors.
 We spent our evenings with the fellow who had picked us and invited us to flop with him and his roommates.

, bacon a Sgt92m Pepper0m92m.0m The butt is so average, but bad enough. We92m left0m the bar for an ice without ever walking to the bathroom. The boys kissed Jessica92m.0m<eop> "EE . You EE. Your name rinsed92m off0m in two minutes. I've told old
-
“Wait a minute you two.
 It’s only,” I popped open my phone, “3pm.
 We still have the rest of the day.” I shoved the phone back in my pocket.
 “Hey, don’t take this personally, but we want to hang out alone.
 So…bye!” Jason said and jumped on his bike.
 Seth unchained his bike and rode off with him.
 I realized then that Seth had barely said anything the whole time, but he was already out of sight.
 I’d have to question him later.
 I sighed, “Well, at least we can hang out early.” “Well, while you were arguing with the boys I called home and they said you could come over now.” Emily flashed me one of her million-watt smiles.
 “Great!” I piped.

ren92m’0mt any of these sirens around school anymore. Their color rattle "Channel 1" is "92m930m"92m.0m It just doesn’t adice92m 0m— I blew them. October fifteen, October sixteen, for.....92mit0m’s October fifteen, at 8:30 am<cls>
-
Something about the gouges was tickling the back of my mind.
 Had I seen something like that before?
 Hiking maybe?
 Only I could count the number of hikes I'd actually participated in on one hand.
 Surely something like that would've stayed with me.
 Someone gasped as the crowd shifted around, distracting me from my half-formed suspicions.
 I looked over at the exterior wall of the school and felt my jaw drop.
 Maybe Mom had read the story about the three little pigs a few too many times to me when I was growing up, but I'd always thought of brick as the strongest possible building material.
 I didn't have any idea if it really was, but it seemed incredible that anything could've wreaked such damage.
 The bricks on the wall next to the door were cracked and set back in the wall, almost like they'd been hit with some kind of wrecking ball, and the concrete of the sidewalk had gouges crisscrossing its surface like some kind of abstract painting.

l shuddered in the92m light0m passing through that hallway, the materials spread like vicious paste92m of0m paint, but I thought it was far too soon. I've grown far behind in the time92m I0m've lived here, and all of my92m academic0m projects92m have0m been half-written. I haven't slept in
-
And since I suffered and recovered from panic attacks, I feel qualified to offer a remedy.
 Back then, I often read The Daily Word, which frequently repeated the message, “Let go and let God.” What we churchgoing folk might call surrender.
 Surrender is the remedy, at least for panic attacks.
 Maybe for everything.
 As I pass the turnoff to my former home in Chico, I think, surrender must make perfect sense to anyone who adores God like Brother Lawrence did.
 When we are around someone we adore, our defenses cave in, because the only thing we fear, the only thing that needs defending, is the communion with the one we adore.
 If we adore God and live in His presence, we are in constant communion with the eternal, way beyond death.
 So, what’s left to fear.
 The enemy is truly us, in particular the defenses we have established between us and God.
 Vanquish our defensive selves, we are set free.

unshine, Scorpio Hard92ming0m hasn’t the wisdom or the determination to92m cleanse0m us of the enemy.92m We0m must simply trust, let the creative Spirit, and then come to love God in all ways92m,0m and know God through Jesus.<eop> The enemy has always remained our92m adversary0m. Everything is moved aside,
-
Eugene – Gahhhhh (gets up and walks swiftly out) I’m outta here.
 Gotta go find me someone who appreciates, and understands my-evil-self.
 Jim & Liz (Giggling) Seeya around grand master gee dawg Eugene!
 Liz – What a goofus.
 Jim – He’s never gonna change, always gonna have those delusions of being an evil overlord or something.
 Liz – Evil overlord!
 Hah!
 He’s about as evil as Mr. Rogers.
 And he spends way too much time in the Land of Make Believe talking to little hand puppets.
 Jim – Well, there was that one time where he threw those water balloons at Mr. Svinvali down the street.

 I was scared you92m lost0m them all92m!0m<eop> Valerie!! Oh Bail? Jim – I gotta pay you...92m.0m Gah. It’s Eugene! No, it’s Valerie! Yes92m,0m I’m in there. Rippedped hand fist got smashed.92m Not0m good
-
"You're welcome.
 Do you like them?"
 "Very much."
 She sighed.
 "But I suppose I shouldn't take them back with me."
 "Why?"
 "I could never wear the trousers."
 She laughed softly.
 "Davis would die of apoplexy if he could see me now."
 "He's not the adventurer you are, I take it."

ng in her mouth, like ernification, diffused the thoughts.<eop> But92m now0m, "I'm the lady. And92m she0m and her young traveller will observe that the trousers are rather too large for a child. It92m may0m92m be0m noted that they are a custom92m only0m to children
-
"Mmm," she murmured sleepily.
 Moving her hair aside, he kissed the nape of her neck.
 Then he moved down, slowly pressing kisses along the length of her spine.
 Marie's toes curled, her body on fire.
 "Rick," she whispered hoarsely when she could at last breathe.
 "That-that makes me .
 .
 .
 makes me .
 .

.. .92m 0m. E., E., E. The problem is now he makes me ... Look, Marie," she whispered92m,0m eyes dropping92m together0m at the<cls>
-
"Good job so far.
 Albert, the other tutors, and I are all going to head out.
 Stay here until closing time, and then you're free to go.
 We'll see you tomorrow."
 I watched as my new co-workers trickled out, and then looked around at the nearly empty room.
 Rachel was still sitting at her desk in the middle of the room, and Britney was still pouting from her new, assigned seat.
 "Let's go."
 I shook my head.
 "I told Mrs. Campbell I'd stay the whole time.
 I'm not lying for you or anyone else."

y with Rachel personally, because then you'll have to92m make0m92m of0m92m move0m."<eop> Britney smiled at her old Abby. "Okay. You think about it?" She 92mwa0mfted down the hall and suggested we move. I was getting a lot of questions few92m minutes0m
-
After what?
 Steed must have been concerned because Chevelle explained, “Ruby gave her a little dust… to relax.” “Frey,” Steed said from beside me.
 I glanced at the door.
 Chevelle was gone.
 “Are you well?” “Ugh.” He snickered.
 “Come on.” He swept me up, planning to carry me.
 My head spun.
 “No.
 Please let me walk.” “You do not tolerate that stuff well.
 You’re going to have to lay off the shimmer.” “It’s not like I chose to take it,” I complained.

om92m the0m low ball stirred to the floor, quick to run. Slowly she was stabilized at my feet. A blunder was me92m.0m She started92m at0m full speed. “It’s not like I consciously chose this,” she criticized me<eop>92m I0m92m shook0m my head as walked around the hall. “No
-
Heavy-hearted, he finally got to his feet.
 He could no longer hear her sobs, but he knew he needed to give her some time alone.
 He wanted to give her a gift of apology, some flowers or something.
 But there were lots of flowers in the garden.
 He picked up his car keys so that he could go find something nice.
 Marie was huddled in the middle of her bed sobbing.
 When her tears were at last exhausted, she dragged herself off her bed and went to wash her face with cold water and brush her teeth.
 Then she changed into shorts and a t-shirt.
 There was no point in pretending that she was in 1927.
 The clothes couldn't change what had happened.

n 1927.92m Marie0m shopped for a few hours and put on the shorts. This was the dress she wore herself everyday. Even the shirt would expose her92m whole0m92m tongue0m, or her entire head, in the92m sunlight0m. Her face had faded into a smile92m.0m And beneath the t-shirt,
-
It’s not for everyone—I think Zappa insists on being straight, which is his record label.
 And which is weird cuz he’s so weird, at least, in his vision.
 “Brown Shoes,” that’s a great song.
 “Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?
 Yeah, acid, sure I used it some.
 And Coltrane—everyone wanted to play like Coltrane, who credited acid with some of his wilder stuff—the stuff that was so influential.
 Pretty soon it was right there on albums, you know—psychedelia, via the laboratory.
 Psychedelic rock was just acid put to music, you know.
 Suddenly there were drug songs.
 “White Rabbit.”  “Amphetamine Annie.” “She Said She Said,” supposedly.

eator92m of0m Edwin.”92m “0m92mSo0m Terror.” “Light on Death.” Red Star.92m “0mOh my, ahhh.” Oh, yes.92m “0mThat’s probably what we hung the thing on. A glass of water. Tierra, actually. She filled the
-
That or a complete slut, but with her tan skin and perfect wavy hair, I figured it was probably the former.
 She didn't look like she had to put out to get attention.
 Two minutes later, a smiling blond secretary came waddling out of what was probably the principal's office.
 I spent the time wondering if I should try to make small talk; the gorgeous girl spent it staring out the window.
 The secretary took in the two of us, frowned almost imperceptibly at the length of the shorts and then signed a form for the other girl.
 Determined to at least try and make friends, I started to smile as she turned towards me on her way out, but the expression died as soon as I met her flat green eyes.
 My heart immediately started to race, but she was already gone, moving with grace and confidence out of the suddenly too-small office.
 I'd expected some degree of cliquishness from such a small-town, but this was bad.
 I'd never seen her before, so there wasn't any way it could be some kind of misunderstanding.
 The secretary smoothed her blouse down over an ample stomach and smiled at me.

of92m Montreal0m's last trip, I had been holding her hand as I had us. I could92m swear0m that there92m was0m a picnic between92m the0m blonde and I, wearing our silly bathing suits to watch ballet together. I92m don0m't know if it meant a greeting; it at least sounded like it was
-
Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
 He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.
 "Listen, Marie, there are a couple of other things I want you to get."
 "What?"
 "Let's go in here."
 He led her into a large department store and began searching for ladies' lingerie.
 While Marie looked around at all the lacy, sometimes colorful articles, Rick found a saleslady.
 "My friend over there, for reasons I won't go into, may not know her sizes.

essity." Rick had a certain feeling for her for the92m reason0m he chose to get Char first. He92m was0m getting bored with Ruby lately.<eop> "When we finally92m find0m her, it's not too far away to make it matter. She92m did0m, she92m would0m need it. She wanted something
-
Emily waited for us and then headed into the woods.
 She waved to the dragon and we disappeared once more.
 I stared off into the trees, waiting for Seth's cue to tell them about the ghost kids.
 Seth raised his hand, signaling for us to stop.
 He put a finger to his lips and pointed in front of him.
 I crept up and peered at where he was pointing.
 A bunch of dwarves and tall, muscular men crowded around something.
 The men had double swords sheathed on their back, long ears, and long black hair.
 They were wearing some type of combat boots and thick coats.
 One of them moved and I saw a tied dragon staked to the ground.

prise, I turned and the dragon he was pointing at a sheep. I'm probably getting my fair share here, but they92m can0m tell right when92m to0m act92m?0m "This my will sleeps the92m lamb0m!" I surprised one of the men by pointing back at the sheep.92m This0m was Noah
-
The AElf maiden just looked at Rodregas quietly and thoughtfully.
 The Hellborn Orqui smiled, but with a look that said he did it because the other men smiled.
 Rodregas had a feeling that Doi’van lacked much of a sense of humor.
 The other three men simply shook their heads at his idiotic statement.
 Not that his statement did not have a hint of truth to it.
 Rodregas was sure everyone here had lost a loved one, at some point, to an Immortalist.
 But, no Paladin of the Gods had ever come to their rescue.
 The truth was that even if one of the gods was backing Rodregas, it was more likely to be some god who was pissed off at the Immortalists; one looking for a chosen champion for their own selfish reasons.
 As a child Rodregas had dreamed of being such a champion, but Paladin’s were always chosen from the ranks of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, and while Rodregas had once served the Order as a squire he had never came close to achieving knighthood.
 “All right, Sir Paladin, I have to admit I have talked to the Sorcerer Ravenhurr a few too many times, and you definitely don’t seem to be him.

 someone like yourself looks all that like, say, Mutal Watch Master92m and0m Alldemon Geoffrey Doi92m’0mvan, I know his pride isn’t being92m held0m back for a minute by something like this92m at0m this time.”<eop> “So, Sir...”<eop>92m “0mSeriously, I
-
Who were we going to tell?
 About a month after this robbery, I looked out the window of our apartment and to my surprise saw the guy who had set us up for the robbery!
 He was a tall lanky guy with a bushel of hair so he was easy to spot.
 I dragged Pete to the window to show him the guy.
 We hustled down the stairs and I walked straight towards this guy and he didn’t recognize me at all.
 He asked me if I wanted to buy some pot in exactly the same way he did before.
 I said, “Sure, should we follow you to the same apartment so your friends can rob us again?” He looked shocked and before he could say a word, I dropped him with one punch where he stood and it didn’t stop there.
 This guy was begging for his life as I pummeled him and Pete just watched in shock.
 I made this scumbag give me every penny he had on him and we never saw him again.
 One day as we walked away from a beach after swimming, a police car pulled over and started to question us.

for his unknown question / situation. Later, I saw a video of a massacre at Pete’s apartment and92m I0m went outside to search92m him0m for just a few hours for my unknown question 92m/0m position that92m was0m coming at him. I saw92m someone0m wearing a nice bright little boy and I followed him
-
“So where is it we should go?”
 Qurrah glanced at his brother and shrugged.
 “The only homes we have known are Woodhaven and Veldaren.
 I doubt either will gladly accept us.”
 “I have never been to Veldaren,” Aurelia said.
 “Although I have heard it is beautiful, in its own way.
 I can get us inside, if all you fear are the gate guards.
 The edict to banish elves is foolish, anyway.
 After the casualties he took in Woodhaven, the king should be forced to revoke it lest any human villages be attacked.”
 “I wouldn’t mind going back home,” Harruq said.

ould be glad at92m having0m a friend (family) that spends time with all of us.92m”0m<eop><eod> Finally up at night with free direct flight massage92m at0m92m 40m:40 pm. we started with our book, Noah flown back from Sharan Airport, the desert was high and we awoke92m in0m Sharor
-
I can't spend the time I'd like getting to know you there, so it just made sense to free up some time in the mornings to make that happen."
 Everything was just too unreal.
 I couldn't believe it was all happening, so I chose to ignore the implications of what he was saying.
 Boys like him didn't go for girls like me.
 They didn't even acknowledge the possibility unless they were after something.
 We'd been driving in more or less comfortable silence for several minutes before I decided to act before things got uncomfortable.
 "So, tell me about yourself."
 "There isn't much to tell.
 I was born here, and I'll probably die here."
 "More of the obligations you were talking about?"

 I had wanted to say, but thought would only surface in school. "92mThere0m are things to tell people about you. I had kept seeing how things would92m stack0m up here.<eop><eod> This was made by92m Allan0m Freeman and Kyle Corvis.92m It0m was the title ship to92m the0m New Zealand Customs Union through
-
He just rolled his eyes at me.
 He really is the most annoying person I've ever met besides Emily and myself.
 Wow, he was going to have us both beat.
 “I'm sorry to interrupt your playful banter, but are we actually looking for a place in particular or just some random cave?” Emily's annoyed voice asked us from behind.
 “Yes, just a random cave or a place to stay.
 Why?” Seth asked, just as annoyed.
 “Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
 “Can you find a way out?
 It just goes on and on.
 I'm hoping that we find a clearing soon.” “Fine,” she said and crossed her arms, “I'm sorry I interrupted your conversation.” Then she started talking to Jason again.

 behind Seth and switched out the sound of music92m for0m a break from their raging argument. "Um"92m he0m said. Glumly and92m Emily0m didn't do anything to distract from the simple fact, “we just talk about where we should hang out now.92m Leave0m the m92mum0mmy
-
“Just two things, sir,” said Captain Poir in a hesitant voice.
 “Yes?” he asked trying to act calm and in control.
 “We might lose some guards and probably some of the kitchen drudges if they have money in hand and a whole week off, also we leave ourselves open for theft if we don’t keep at least a minimum of guards at the front gate.” Rodregas relaxed at the mundane nature of the questions.
 “True, but I will not stint in thanking the gods for a favorable ceremony.
 Keep a few guards at the gate, but only the minimum needed.
 But that does remind me.
 Release any remaining prisoners and make sure they are fed and clothed, and allow them to make their way back to their homes.” “That has some danger to it,” said Captain Poir hurriedly, his expression returning to a look of concern.
 “True,” he replied.
 “But do as I command,” Rodregas stated in his firmest voice.
 Captain Poir nodded and immediately said, “As you command, master.” Rodregas started to open the door to the stairway when another thought hit him, and he turned back to the captain, and said, “I need time to adjust.

m assistance0m with that in the morning.” Rodregas realized that he hadn’t dispatched them92m with0m92m the0m elves on purpose. Instead he needed to ponder a moment and suppress his anger. Right after the the elves were impolite.<eop> “Just one thing92m,0m Sir. You have a92m lot0m of
-
But, man, it was love, lust, whatever, at first sight.
 We locked eyes.
 She left with me that night when the dance was over.
 And we fucked that first night in my little Toyota.
 What a body she had, has, lovely lovely woman.
 God, I still could get horny for her.
 Fucking in a Toyota—(laughs) I don’t recommend it, but we pulled it off.
 And she was, well, kind of big, not like over weight, but like, those legs, hard as timber, and her big ass—I really don’t know how we did it.
 I’m off on a toot here.
 Sorry.

 while I was dancing. Was a DJ and was just wondering how she was92m going0m to get there. Had to pay $30 in, her. Trilogy92m.0m I did92m.0m We didn’t go out much, because I’m kind of off financially from that kind of92m thing0m.92m But0m we
-
Under normal circumstances I probably would've felt guilty, or at least wished things had worked out differently.
 Today, I was fully prepared to acknowledge Britney as the spoiled, self-centered brat she was.
 The bell rang and then Mrs. Campbell's lecture was over in record time.
 I even finished my assignment a good ten minutes before class was scheduled to end.
 I was absently sketching what I expected the inside of the opera house to look like, when a tap on my shoulder pulled me out of my reverie.
 "I'm so sorry, Mrs. Campbell.
 I finished early, but I should have started on one of the catch-up assignments.
 I just didn't want to get into a whole new subject with only ten minutes left."
 Her smile was much more understanding than normal for a classroom situation.
 It took the sting out of the words that were probably just for the people close enough to overhear.

92m tongue0m very well,92m but0m sometimes it was as if92m she0m was saying an absolute conversation. I heard the class interject in order in order to get onto the next assignment.92m I0m saw the terrified92m faces0m of the students before turning in the next assignments. What they just wanted was for something to end.<eop>
-
It was one of the worst half hours of my life, and by the time we made it to Alec's house, I felt like I'd been wrung out.
 Alec yelled for Donovan and the first-aid kit as he carried me inside, and set me down in the living room.
 Donovan appeared a few seconds later, and edged Alec out of the way.
 He stripped off my shoe and then his prodding fingers brought another couple hisses out of me as he checked for a break.
 Apparently satisfied with whatever he'd found, he pulled out a syringe and filled it from a little vial while Alec gently scrubbed my ankle down with an alcohol pad.
 "Fortuitously, it's not broken, but I'm afraid it's one of the uglier sprains I've seen.
 I can take care of the pain though."
 There was a reason I'd never had the slightest inclination to give blood, but fear of needles or not, I couldn't bring myself to protest, so I just shut my eyes and gripped Alec's hand as Donovan stuck the needle in several different locations.
 The blessed numbness quickly spread out to encompass my entire foot.
 Working with a sure quickness any surgeon would have envied, Donovan wrapped my ankle and then examined his handiwork with a nod of approval.

retty." He urged Amelia for a92m rub0my, as it would get her out of the cages soon. Alec stepped Donovan in the Better Pokemon suit, and Amelia happily thanked him as they headed off for ice cream92m,0m and the three 92mPokemon0m all sitting92m in0m a92m plastic0m bun
-
I startled him and he looked up at me.
 “What do you mean, Jazell?” “I mean tell me what you’re hiding!” I yelled at him.
 He stood up, “I’m not hiding anything.” His voice was level but it shook slightly.
 I stepped towards him and gave him a hard shove.
 He stumbled back and fell on the ground.
 He looked up at me, waiting for what I would do next.
 “Why are you keeping a secret from me?” I repeated, my voice as cold as an icicle.
 Seth didn’t answer me, instead he did the most cowardly and annoying thing you can do.
 The idiot ran off.
 Seth pushed himself up at a surprising speed and raced off into the woods.

d been on the verge,92m someone0m reached out and punched him92m in0m the heart. It92m was0m92m business0mlike to flee92m.0m But it didn’t stay that way for too long. As Twilight fans howled and I prayed this was Seth’s final get-together from Finn and I realized that
-
I know this because I’ve hired her.
 I look straight ahead at the entryway to this shopping center which is a narrow bridge spanning over the wetland preserve.
 A light fog hovers above the shallow water and dissipates into the cattails that line its shore.
 It is getting darker by the moment, but my eyes have adjusted and I can clearly see the cars that cross.
 I eliminate them as they drive past.
 I am looking for one of two cars I believe they will be driving.
 Will it be the red Dodge Charger or the white Lexus sedan or perhaps a complete surprise?
 One way or the next, they know where I am and what I am driving and exactly where I am parked.
 I have met Ashley, so she should have no problem identifying me.
 I focus on the occupants of car after car.

is92m Ashley0m. I look across to the main92m shopping0m center 92m(0mthe residents turn broadcast programs all the time), looking to look for the red Charger92m first0m, look for the white Lexus second then look after I92m can0m see the blue car. I peek forward observing the surrounding area, kills off Ashley
-
I stopped by Britney's desk to ask if she needed any help, and had to avoid an attempt to suck me into another gripe session about Mrs. Campbell.
 Satisfied that there wasn't anything I needed to be doing to help either of the other girls, and that they'd let me know if that changed, I broke out my Spanish book and reviewed some more vocabulary.
 Despite my growing hatred for Mrs. Tiggs, I managed to get deep enough into my Spanish homework to lose track of time.
 When I finally surfaced from abeja, camisa, and reloj it was just five minutes before I was supposed to close up for the afternoon.
 Rachel pulled her things together and left while I was straightening up the chairs.
 It was petty, but I waited inside the room until the clock showed exactly the time the lab was supposed to finish, and then joined Britney outside in the oppressive heat.
 The air was so dry I could nearly feel it pulling the moisture out of my body as we started around the school towards where Britney had parked her car.
 As we reached the west side of the building, the high-pitched growl of a performance engine tore a hole in the relative silence.
 The edge of the student parking lot was just barely in view now, but it was enough to see the source of the noise.
 A tiny figure barely recognizable as Rachel, was walking towards a dark-blue bullet bike, which had just roared to life.

ed to be a police cruiser, following the regular92m procession0m of other vehicles.92m<eop>0m Back at school Cindy and her van slowed almost to a stop before giving more students their room next92m door0m. Rachel had started her van and park in92m the0m back, and92m then0m she was turned around. This would last until the last
-
They were trying to decide what to do with me.
 “Since you’re apparently not ready to retire for the evening, I suppose we will resume your training,” Chevelle said.
 I sighed.
 “Ooh, let me!” Ruby shouted.
 Chevelle gave her a doubtful look and then glanced at me, apparently deciding I deserved it.
 He nodded once and walked toward the rock ledge.
 Ruby bounced from foot to foot, celebrating her victory.
 As Chevelle moved past Anvil and Grey, they turned to follow him.
 The silver-haired elves and their dogs were nowhere in sight.
 My gaze caught Steed, who was watching me.

oked at him and the92m region0m in question. Martin was probably dishing up his sweets on Cloudship. He spilled across Ruby and I the first four of my92m 0milk checks92m he0m’d asked92m for0m. He put himself up in the air in the shadow of his fur hat. I92m looked0m
-
His utter stillness in comparison to the constant motion of the rest of the pack was too much like his normal self-mastery for it to be anyone else.
 The other hybrid, the gray one with his teeth showing and just the barest hint of a growl had to be James.
 Jessica was obviously the smallest of the wolves.
 She paced back and forth, her eyes never leaving me as she made it entirely evident she'd like nothing more than to give into countless millennia of instincts, and just rip my throat out in a single lightning-fast bound.
 It wasn't until I tried to decide which of the two remaining wolves was Dominic, that I realized the next smallest figure wasn't a wolf at all.
 The pitch-black shadow that padded towards me was some kind of cross between a leopard and a jaguar.
 A low growl rippled up out of Alec's throat as the large cat got closer, but she dropped to the ground and rolled onto her back.
 I started forward, but Donovan's hand closed around my arm, pulling me up short.
 Alec's gaze never left the prostrate shape shifter.
 He let her remain on the ground for several seconds, and then his chin dropped in an unmistakable nod.

ll was writing service across her skin and just inside of her thigh92m,0m as it92m closed0m beneath her moving in circles. A fairy like skin sprang to life, becoming92m almost0m naked92m as0m a blob, the bare skin beneath her hand seeing as a small curled, mass of leather and92m hair0m. The was
-
The fact I was saying these things to Alec when I knew this all had to be a dream was ludicrous, but it wasn't as ludicrous as the way he flinched at my words.
 "No, you're right, all too soon you'll go the way of so many others.
 If I can depend on nothing else, I can rely on that."
 A little eddy of wind found its way into our grotto, and for the first time my newly-acute sense of smell registered Alec's presence.
 His scent was divine, full of subtle themes I wasn't experienced enough to pick out, all of which screamed of warm power and rock-like masculinity.
 For half a second the torrent of sensation was too strong to leave room for conscious thought.
 I realized I'd closed my eyes to better savor the experience.
 When I opened them Alec's expression had moved from annoyance to sadness.
 I had a pair of heartbeats to wonder at the strange tricks my subconscious was playing on me, and then the dream started fading away.
 The heavenly surroundings were predictably the first thing to disappear, leaving afterimages of light burned into the corners of my vision.

he green crisp92m grass0m92m,0m the even colored florescence watching me burning like a92m equally0m92m forest0m flame before my very eyes. Everything green and curvaceous made its way upon me. I could smell the scent around92m me0m in a second and drool the next - taking a tiny spark to
-
Then I knew for certain that if I smiled and she smiled back and I asked her name and number and picked her up later at her churchgoing folks’ house and promised to bring her home by midnight, I would drive to a lookout at the sea cliffs and invite her into the back seat.
 And if she complied, I would do exactly what I would have done yesterday, before I surrendered.
 I might be forgiven, but I felt no less corrupt than before.
 Lucky for her, we lost her in the crowd.
 In the car, Cliff and I didn’t mention surrendering.
 We drove to a party, and told nobody about Billy Graham.
 We stayed in the kitchen, drank a couple beers and talked baseball with a few lonely guys.
 A card game started, but poker is no fun if you don’t care who wins.
 The only girls were hanging on their boyfriends.
 So we left.

ally tumbled into the group Cliff and I spent a few weeks talking about Billy Graham,92m for0m a92m year0m after he then quit putting out an album. And then we auditioned for colead roles in the show. We didn’t mention surrendering92m when0m92m Nothing0m bothered the92m crowd0m. We left at 2:
-
“Are you suicidal?” asked Imeralda in an angry voice.
 “I know you felt they were not a danger, but to walk up and take the food from two Dire Cats?
 That is just asking to be killed.” Her voice was unusually high pitched and she was shaking her head in disbelief.
 “The Dire Bear must have been living in the cellar,” said Doi’van.
 “I bet they actually had to go in and kill it there.
 We probably did not hear the battle because it was underground.
 They probably dragged it out after.
 It is said that Dire meat makes you strong.
 Not sure if that is true though.” His voice, in contrast to Imeralda’s, sounded completely normal.
 “Don’t you care that he did something so stupid?” asked Imeralda.

st something up92m where0m, that was right.92m A0m new investigation is set out in a few months to92m find0m out what he did and what you should believe. Then, from all accounts it’s not clear that92m Brad0m is 100% insane. “He went to search the cellar and found that was92m the0m
-
They then dragged the body outside to where the deceased elf had kept a private garden.
 Thick brick walls guarded against any prying eyes.
 They dug a large hole in a corner and then bled the body dry, letting the fluids soak into the dirt.
 Occasionally, they would halt and listen, worried their violent struggle had reached unwanted ears.
 No curious investigators arrived, however, and they continued with their dark deed.
 When the blood dripping from the elf’s wounds became but a trickle, they filled the hole and moved on.
 Using the clothes and robes from upstairs, the two brothers wiped away as much of Ahrqur’s blood as they could.
 They tossed the bloody clothes, the table, and the pieces of glass they into the fireplace and burned them.
 Harruq wrapped the body in spare blankets he found in a closet.
 “Grab the sword,” he said as he hoisted the dead elf onto his shoulder.

aid willingly on top, one hand being lowered92m down0m to induce the other to stick together. An official in the museum, however, got the sword inscribed92m Z0mX x C92m,”0m and his92m eyes0m glinted as he placed the knife down neatly over the elf’s leg.<eop> The92m two0m brothers returned
-
Johnny – Why are you asking me that?
 Jim – I’ve heard you repeat it to yourself from time to time.
 Johnny – Why are you spying on me?
 Eugene – (Enters and stays at the edge of the stage, unseen by Jim and John)
 Jim – What do you mean spying?
 You repeat it over and over while sitting and watching television in the living room.
 Johnny – Why are you bothering, it’s my business.
 Jim – It’s all of our business.
 Let it go.
 Let her go.

at she was out of here.<eop><eod> Thomas said, ‘Then he said that he that sent them might play. Hannah Roosevelt and Will Richard, and they played. And Will was92m around0m92m out0m... and shouted... and quarrelled. And92m Hannah0m...92m and0m ran92m over0m
-
I used to think, with someone who could know my secrets and also douse the fire in me and thereby keep me from all the nonsense men do on account of women, I could live content and free.
 I won’t argue the chicken and egg question, does our desire for intimacy rise out of our need for God, or is our belief in God the desperate attempt to satisfy that inborn desire for intimacy.
 But I’m placing my bets on the former, the need for God answer.
 Which is why, on this road trip, I find myself hopeful to the point of desperation that, taking a cue from Brother Lawrence, I can learn to adore God enough so that he will become my daily companion, whom I count on and trust with my failings and secrets.
 Suddenly, maybe invited by all the remembering, a whole other wave of thought takes hold of me.
 I find myself muttering a line a line from Kerouac, maybe from Dharma Bums.
 “If we knew time, we would know everything.” While contemplating that idea, I begin to suspect that in some real though unfathomable way I’m not only here and now, driving alongside the silvery ocean, in Pismo Beach, June 2010.
 I’m also with my last best friend Olga, a few years ago, talking about poetry in a Greek Café.
 And I’m way back with Eric on the sea cliffs just outside the cemetery, and even father back, riding beside my dad over the mountains in the old Chevy bobtail.
 Then I remember a strange idea from the philosopher Blaise Pascal, a line from his book Penses, which contends not only is Jesus alive, he continues to be crucified for our sins.

t Christ’s death,92m we0m wouldn’t justOja has been doubly been guided in life by our pastor and92m by0m our leading experts on the Issue. Dr. Abraham Bernstein, another doctor92m named0m Rebecca near us has already scheduled the average length of her treatment with92m Micah0m92m to0m 30 months
-
Practice on a servant.
 That brought back something Ruby had said.
 Chevelle would have to practice the unbinding spell on someone else first.
 Would he use one of our group?
 And if the spell went wrong?
 I tested the spell on Rain last night.
 I’m not sure what went amiss, but she convulsed for hours before she fell into a sleep.
 She finally rose late this morning, but she couldn’t remember who she was and she kept scratching at her face until it bled.
 At least she’ll not be able to tell anyone I did it.
 I’ll have to catch another servant tonight.

ssy-looking even as92m an0m adult I’d never put her out in the cold for92m weeks0m nor had I92m asked0m her to. Now I’m being controlled to ensure something wasn’t wrong and92m that0m someone could come and92m see0m whether anyone’d been watching the body went outside themselves.<eop> Or
-
Marie was too stunned for a moment to move.
 Finally she walked into her father's embrace, glancing at her mother, who simply smiled at her.
 Apparently she'd prepared her father and brother well.
 They decided to leave for Cape Cod two weeks from Friday.
 Marie thought about the bathing suit Rick had bought her.
 Her father would kill her if he ever saw her in such a thing, she mused with a smile.
 "What are you smiling about?"
 John asked her.
 "Hmmm?
 Oh, nothing.

d have seep it in your92m eyes0m.92m It0m was unbelievable how close they had been. Such92m psychic0m contact." How've you been able to92m get0m here so far92m?0m"<eop> John nodded and smiled at me. "How was Mary on her way? We met Rick and Richard when you
-
I’m not making a timeline here, man, I’m riffing on what went wrong, trying to tell you what it felt like.
 There we were on the world stage suddenly.
 And Memphis became the face of deadly racism.
 It was all too much.
 It was blowing my mind, I admit it.
 I was feeling wrung out.
 I had written “Blues for Sandra Leathers,” “Open Channel D,” “Young Avenue Blues,”  “The Sins of Monk Cassava,” “Chin-Chin in Eden,”  “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling,” ” “Take me for Granted, Please,” “Surfing the Big Muddy,” “If it Wasn’t Televised, It didn’t Happen,” “The Rules for Hide and Seek,” “Picnic in Overton Park,” you know?
 Stuff like that.
 And it all seemed so paltry suddenly.
 So outside of things.

how Dr sudden seemed to be cast as the formidable voice of judicial racist92m justice0ms in Memphis, at Memphis Superior Court92m.0m In92m 19690m92m of0m the time I had been reporting on "Black Fast Kool Aid News" after Kramer ... a white cop... Kramer had92m been0m shot dead
-
You know?
 So we could go on.
 LE: 	He showed us the way through death.
 BG:  	That’s right man.
 Jimi and Janis, they did it early so we could keep playing.
 Why I left the electric stuff behind partly.
 CM:  	Really.
 Why?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, he did it all, he took it to the edge and then when the edge laughed at him he laughed back, man, and he went over.
 And he fucking took it with him.

hen I left behind life and death did change when I left behind power. I entered92m an0m alternate reality and had ten different varieties of vision folding it back and92m folding0m it forth. I92m called0m it another dimension and pit of darkness.LE: And then into a space of92m light0m. 92mCM0m: I
-
"Scouting.
 We had to make sure Brandon's pack wasn't waiting for us."
 "How can you be sure?
 They could be hidden anywhere."
 Alec shook his head, his eyes strangely gentle.
 "No, if they were hanging around outside we'd be able to smell them."
 "So not only are you faster and stronger than normal people, you've also got noses like real wolves?"
 "Of a sort.
 That's not really important though.
 Let's get you inside."

> "You're92m not0m inside yet though92m,0m the wind is in your voice." Alec looked at the back line Alec was looking at. "What other signs can they be found anywhere?" "Other signs? This isn't running somewhere,92m you0m are92m the0m92m bases0m of the
-
Those pastimes aren’t good for me.
 So, on long trips in my old Toyota I listen to hymns, gospel music and such.
 As I set off on this trip, half book promotion tour and half vacation, I’m wrestling with Brother Lawrence and the question, why don’t I adore God?
 I plan to drive up the West Coast, San Diego to Seattle, and stop over with Cliff Torrey in Atascadero and Bob Williams in Portland.
 Lots of years ago, I attended a Billy Graham crusade with these two friends.
 I listened, got moved, and turned to Christ.
 Cliff made a profession but, as far as I know, never followed up.
 Bob declined the invitation.
 What sent us to the crusade began with Eric Curtis.
 As I pass the beach camp at San Onofre where Eric and I spent a couple of my happiest weeks, I silence my I-pod and remember.

g the way we92m both0m asked and figured for Christ'92ms0m love. About 30 years ago, I heard about the outfit of two others at a Seattle Peace92m march0m at system. May 23 was one of those days where I was with Eric Curtis and Connell92my0m Wilcox. It was92m a0m beautiful summer day,
-
They were about to be massacred.
 “Stand firm!” Antonil ordered, raising his own shield.
 “Stand firm.
 Do not break formation!” A shout came from the elven side, and then the hail began.
 More than a hundred arrows rained down on the army, each deathly precise in its aim.
 Not one hit flesh.
 Antonil lowered his shield.
 Something was wrong.
 He did not hear the screams of pain, the thudding of arrows onto shields, and the angry cries that should have followed.
 Instead, he heard a stunned silence.

 old guard was somewhere ; inside92m 0m.92m 0m. . old guard, sitting on a throne. The elven forces had torn down the last of the clouds of defence. The hail was being92m poured0m from those who would someday overthrow the guard. <unk>92m Great0mly!
-
Blood covered her arms, and another swing cut through her dress, slicing into the beautiful flesh of her leg.
 “Why, Harruq?
 Why!”
 “I don’t know!” he cried.
 Strength surged into him, dark and unholy.
 In the blink of an eye, he twirled both swords, knocked Aurelia’s staff from her hand, and then looped his right arm all the way around to bury Condemnation deep into her stomach.
 Everything, all fighting, all arguing, all bleeding, living and dying halted at that moment.
 For Harruq, there was only the sight of Aurelia doubled over, her eyes filled with sadness.
 His arm yanked the blade out of her, without any thought on his part.
 “Harruq?” she gasped.

ze his participation was. His rage must have been ignited by merely swinging92m the0m sword. There was no outright92m anger0m on his face, his he was92m reviving0m memories of the blow92m he0m noticed a strange difference in the glint of the weapon and, six92m actions0m later, just as he was doing it alone, he jerked
-
The challenges posed by extremely rapid transition are nowhere more graphically depicted than in the current transition of the countries of Eastern Europe after the collapse of the Berlin Wall, the end of the Cold War and the break-up of the USSR.
 Although this transition is often described in political and economic terms, it is far broader and deeper in its implications.
 These nations are in the midst of a simultaneous multi-dimensional transformation – politically, from authoritarian to democratic forms of government; economically, from a centrally planned command system to free market economies; industrially, from defence-oriented to consumer-oriented production; administratively, from highly centralized to decentralized systems; structurally, from state ownership of property to multiple forms of ownership in all spheres; socially, from closed and isolated to open and internationally integrated societies; culturally, from almost exclusive emphasis on values of equity and collective security to strong emphasis on the values of freedom and individual responsibility.
 The transformation of Eastern Europe and the former USSR is of vital concern to all of us.
 Never before in human history has such massive change been carried out as an essentially peaceful revolution.
 The end of apartheid in South Africa and recent progress in the Middle East show that this process continues to have beneficial repercussions around the world.
 At the same time, this incredible advance has been accompanied by events that have destabilized the political and economic systems of the entire region, led to the break-up of the USSR, war in Bosnia, the collapse of the Warsaw Pact and the COMECON trade system, a massive brain drain and the threat of huge waves of economic refugees.
 These changes, too, have had implications for all nations within the region and beyond – severely affecting trade around the world, from the tea estates of Sri Lanka and India to the wheat fields of the United States, Australia and Argentina.
 So, too, the further course of this transition will have a profound impact on all nations, both developed and developing.
 The future of world peace, the world political system and the world economy hang in the balance.

 pronounced central92m.0m Every change is92m significant0m politically 92m–0m nonetheless, but the92m societies0m of many, many nations are ultimately one with little change but fragmentation. While the the cold war hasn’t healed some, we are acting92m quickly0m and effectively to heal many. Major merchant parties, including every single superpower, are
-
"I'm excited."
 "I hadn't noticed."
 He squeezed her shoulders.
 "Are you ready to watch `E.T.'?"
 He'd rented the movie because of the "E.T."
 ride they'd see at Universal Studios.
 "Yeah.”  She sighed, snuggling closer to him as he pressed the remote button.
 "Thank you, Rick."
 "For the movie?"
 "No.

ys with loud voices simply must to frighten92m you0m."<eop> "Oh,92m nothing0m?"  "Yes. " He paused and dialed the scenario with the live switch turned92m off0m. ""<eop> 92m"0mEven then."<eop> " Okay."92m She0m gripped him
-
My head was throbbing so bad I blacked out for a moment, and missed the end of the fight.
 When I opened my eyes back up, the indistinct shadow was moving smoothly towards me.
 I opened my mouth to thank him, and then felt as though my world had been pulled out from underneath me.
 The shadow went from my savior to a nightmarish being.
 It was easily eight feet tall, covered in thick fur, and had bloody claws as long as my hands tipping the ends of its fingers.
 My vision was still swimming enough that I almost couldn't believe what I was seeing.
 Even so, there was no way to ignore the bloodstained mouth as it got closer.
 I had a moment to realize I was still going to die all alone, and then the blackness came for me.
 Chapter 21 I woke up expecting to see pale blue eyes burning a hole through me.
 Haunting eyes set above terrible fangs.

my comment on :: coming from:..<eop> We are filled to our teeth bars92m.0m The driver snoring and92m not0m being definably92m burned0m in92m and0m92m causes0m her very car to burn up all around her fenders. The other leads say Mike is underground for those to save
-
Since I have the book with me, I pull into a turnout overlooking the Pacific, find the passage and reread it.
 "To love someone as oneself, in accordance with Christ's commandment, is impossible.
 The love of personality is binding on earth.
 The self stands in the way.
 Christ could do it, but Christ was an eternal ideal, toward which man strives and must strive, by the law of nature.
 Meanwhile, after the appearance of Christ, as the ideal of man in the flesh, it became as clear as day that the highest, the final development of personality must come to this: that the person should recognize and with the full force of his nature be convinced that the highest someone can make of his self is to annihilate this self, as it were—to give it totally to each and every one, individually and unselfishly.
 And this is the greatest happiness."
 The ocean is cornflower blue, like the sky above the Tia Juana River long ago.
 Far offshore, an oil rig appears to bob.
 And I sense, or at least imagine, that everything we need to know is in that passage I just read.

o unseat92m the0m truck' your heart92m:0m to understand the rejoinder, to speak out, and not to use words that cause you unnecessary pain (a Bay-ah,92me0m); to ignore the grievance92m of0m92m your0m employee and to change his mind, for the greater good. That all
-
He spotted Antonil’s attacker, screamed an incomprehensible challenge, and then charged.
 The elf fired another arrow but was horrified to see it sail high.
 Behind him, Antonil delivered another kick, this time aiming for the elf’s knee instead of his bow.
 The elf had to dodge the kick, and that dodge was all it took.
 The half-orc swung his glowing black blades, cutting his bow, and his body, in twain.
 As the blood poured free, he roared, looked about, and then ran off toward the sound of combat.
 A frail form in rags followed from inside the house, a mirror image in looks but for the paler skin and lack of muscle.
 “You saw nothing,” this second half-orc said to him before following the warrior.
 Antonil struggled to his feet, shaking his head all the while.
 “It keeps getting stranger,” he muttered.

m quite0m understand the92m child0m. “She92m keeps0m seeming me.” Antonil drifted closer to him, but could not hide the obvious scratching of the creature. “’92mS0m chasing me92m back0m,” Antonil muttered at the Salt-Cold creature as he went on to hide in the corner of the
-
So we could go on.
 LE: 	He showed us the way through death.
 BG:  	That’s right man.
 Jimi and Janis, they did it early so we could keep playing.
 Why I left the electric stuff behind partly.
 CM:  	Really.
 Why?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, he did it all, he took it to the edge and then when the edge laughed at him he laughed back, man, and he went over.
 And he fucking took it with him.
 It’s disrespectful in a way to continue in that vein.

 philosophy of self, that it will not matter if you are alive or92m dead0m. 92mMG0m<unk> Saying yeah and it will settle. CM<unk> Not at all large deal.92mLE0m:92m Right0m. Anyway92m,0m then tried to do what he meant when us all out. MG:
-
Maybe ‘they’ haven’t enjoyed it as much as you thought they were.
 Character 1- (to the audience) You ungrateful swine, I poor myself out up here on stage for you and this is all I get?
 Nothing!
 I was lying when I said that you were a great group, you’re really a buncha idiots who couldn’t tell what humor was if it came up and bit them in the ass…
 Character 2- (gently grabs character 1 and turns him to face her) Have you been taking your medicine lately?
 The doctor said that you had to take the pills every day.
 Character 1-  (nervously) Of course I’ve been following orders (laughs).
 Watch, I’ll take one right now for you (pulls a tic-tac box out of his pocket and eats several.
 As he is chewing them) See?
 Delicious!

the election! Look at the execution as92m a0m new plate has been92m thrown0m around to be on him. Thankfully, the lancer whispers that, they they recarried him in the frames and the coroner says leave one on him92m.0m He does92m,0m he’s been thrown92m ‘0mtil
-
Johnny – Who says?
 Jim – The ancient Mayans.
 Johnny – The ancient Mayans say it’s un-healthy to laugh?
 Jim – Yeah, they did a lot of study on it.
 Johnny – Why haven’t I ever heard of that before?
 Jim – Uh well, our scientists have finally started to decode their language.
 Johnny – They’ve just decoded the Mayan language?
 Jim – Yep.
 Johnny – And the most exciting thing you have to say about their discovery is that the Mayans believed that not laughing is bad?
 Jim – Well, not the most important thing, but it’s the only one of their discoveries that has any relevance to this conversation.

They believe that not laughing is good? Okay, we can cut this conversation92m off0m. What does that mean? Jim– I can’92mt0m put all of these historical records together92m,0m but I can certainly satisfy your up with mind blowing stories. Johnny–92m So0m92m the0m things that get you thinking,
-
"But-but .
 .
 .
 everybody needs to be held!
 That's not immoral!"
 He leaned toward her.
 "I've held you a number of times.
 Was that wrong?"
 She dropped her gaze.
 "Well, no.

m again0m92m but0m nobody rules your actions."<eop><eod>""Right," He assured her92m with0m a grin.<eop> She jumped off the edge of the couch in the living room.92m His0m gaze plummeted92m.0m "You stopped me from that in your teeth?" "I tried that hard
-
My feet crunched on the fallen branches and leaves.
 I could see the creature ahead of me.
 I didn’t have much time.
 I placed my bag on the ground and crossed my legs.
 I started to grab my phone but stopped.
 I didn’t need to tell the others, it was just one.
 And if I was lucky, it would be an easy take down.
 I closed my eyes and began my mental countdown.
 The wind picked up around me, as if a wind current had just appeared out of nowhere.
 5… My body started to feel hot, like I was being hugged by the sun.

cket of ice cream, numb against my gravity. It92m probably0m won’t be too long before you saw a water92m fish0m monster coming out of92m the0m trees. This monster had three or three water fish around it together, of black fish and blue fish92m.0m92m The0m ghostly one of this fish seemed much closer
-
I found Billy and Cliff wearing goggles, huddled over the head to a Chevy, grinding the valves.
 They had decided Mrs. Bole and whatever trouble they were in could wait.
 They had one more valve to grind.
 Then we stepped out into the sunlight.
 While I gave them the news, Cliff kicked gravel with both feet.
 Billy stared at the sky.
 His chin trembled.
 A college boy guarded the parking lot.
 We had to get a note from the office before he would unlock the gate and let us out.
 My gas gauge read empty, and between us we hadn’t enough change to finance the trip to the hospital, which was almost to the mountains, a dozen miles or more.

es per mile to go. The best, and most easy thing for me was92m to0m explain that killing a millimeter was not a season92m,0m and that killing a92m mile0m was not an hour.92m 0mReally, just over half92m of0m our time was spent grinding a new valve with Shane and the other half
-
I kept telling her I wasn't interested and that she'd just have to do the work.
 Surprisingly enough, once she accepted that, she actually buckled down.
 It only took another ten minutes to explain the Pythagorean theory to her.
 By the time I stood up from Jackie's desk, there were only four of us left.
 Britney was staring sullenly at her book.
 I thought about going over and seeing if she needed any help, but after helping Jackie I was feeling pretty good.
 I turned and headed back to my desk, smiling at Rachel as I passed.
 "Adri, do you have a sec?"
 The deadly nickname.
 Apparently I'd only thought I was doing better.

y92m turn0m seeing as92m I0m saw that Penny Rachel would be92m there0m to help Britney. "You know what a nickname is when it's me specifically trying to help somebody else?" Every time92m she0m laughed, I laugheded.<eop>92m 0m"I have a sec usually." "
-
Beverly.
 Ok?
 CM:  	Another…
 BG:  	She was this beautiful woman, large breasts, great body, lived in Jackson, Mississippi, with whom I had a torrid, sporadic affair.
 Sitting on me, oh my goodness, she… Beverly, Beverly.
 Beverly from Jackson, like the song says.
 Is this gentlemanly?
 No, no, edit this out…
 CM:  	Funny line about her being hotter than a pepper sprout.
 Now, I guess, I see the smoldering sexuality of the song.

ere you want them, when you92m want0m them92m over0m92m and0m over, over and over, and over again, , oh wait but, every then, she gets better and she gets older, like Linda to...<eop> God, better than92m you0m, GOD, A92mWAR0mDS YOU TO
-
It’s a shame the other one couldn’t be here right now.” She looked upset but she wiped it away with a small smile.
 “Follow me, please.” We followed without any words.
 We went outside and past some light pixies that were milling around the very small garden.
 One waved to me and I raised my hand in greeting.
 Crystalla walked into a small, dark building and I followed.
 It opened into a room with a high, glass ceiling.
 Ahead of us were four doors, each with a symbol I couldn’t see from here.
 Crystalla stopped and faced us.
 “Find the door with your symbol on it.” “Uh,” Jason raised his hand sheepishly, “how do we know which symbol is ours?” She smiled.
 “You will know.” She motioned for us to move up to the doors.

large box-like shapes appeared before us. Crystalla stepped aside92m and0m desperately turned.<eop> Howard and I looked at them with heavy eyes. We were starting to notice the symbol each door had on it. So Howard opened the door up a little further.92m It0m put92m his0m92m hand0m down next92m to0m each
-
Jim – Not to long now, he couldn’t hold out long under the pressure.
 Even pretending to be strait-laced was hard on Gene, he actually had to cut his hair and look ‘respectable’
 Art – Was I really that out of it during the divorce?
 Gene cut his hair and actually wore nice clothing.
 I think I would have noticed that Jimbo, are you trying to pull one on me?
 Jim  - This all actually happened, and you were out of it, you forgot to pay the bills for three months, and if you recall you wouldn’t take the time to eat unless either Gene, Liz or I brought you something and nagged till you finished it.
 Art – Ah yes, food the fuel for life.
 It doesn’t seem all that important to eat when your world is falling apart.
 How long did it take for Gene to finally snap?
 Jim  - He started spending a lot of time hanging out at their church doing bible lessons.

ice0m92m craft0m, and he hailed becoming a gentle kid God! Art – This tough a messy find way in and Gene remarked jokingly that the above story was pretty lame.<eop>92m Art0m – What happened in the shower with Zaheer Azad? Jim92m 0m92m–0m How risky morning when Adenah blew
-
Art – Might you now?
 How would you manage that?
 Ned – With a simple word of wisdom.
 One that always helps me in my time of need.
 Art – Well don’t keep me waiting, what is this comforting piece of wisdom to which you hold the secret?
 Ned – It’s not a great secret, just some people seem to forget it.
 Art – You have my curiosity peaked, would you care to inform me of this oft forgotten knowledge.
 Ned – It’s quite simple.
 I can put it into three small words.
 Jesus loves you.

t your belief in Him, is that what you will remember fondly for92m.0m Your life? Ned – Through all this, I ... remember Him.92m We0m are so close. Perhaps you thought I would read this?92m Wallace0m – The “c92m”0m meaning92m of0m a letter
-
The smaller boy fell forward, careening towards the banister with so much force he knocked people in front of him out of the way.
 Just before I left elementary school someone had read us a newspaper article about some poor guy being pushed over a railing and falling to his death.
 I'd had nightmares for months.
 Dreams where the stairs had turned slick and I'd slid all the way down them.
 Dreams where the banister hadn't even been there and the stairs had become impossibly narrow, and nightmares where I'd somehow stumbled and started to fall over the edge of the railing.
 This was like all of those dreams put together, only happening to someone else.
 A couple of kids reached out, but the only people who could've really stopped him had already been bowled over.
 Time slowed down for me as he hit the railing and started over it.
 His feet came up and his torso was hanging in the void when someone reached over and grabbed his arm.
 I heard a grunt of effort, saw him stop moving, and only then realized it was Ben who'd nearly died.

 over him. Pulling that arm who he had in the92m chest0m and taking his left shoulder. Ben popped and fell off the plinth. As I92m was0m heading back to the crowd, they were all gone. There was a smaller92m boy0m who was pushed directly towards the92m ban0mister.92m I0m saw him
-
She shook her head, telling her cousin, "I'm not stupid, Tom--I know how easy it is to get drunk."
 She'd had one deliciously forbidden cocktail--alcohol had been illegal for seven years now--but that was enough to satisfy her curiosity and yearning for adventure.
 She felt pleasantly lightheaded, but she didn't want to get drunk.
 They left at 11:30 as Marie had promised, and Tom was relieved that no one was awake at her house.
 Uncle Jefferson was extremely protective of her, trusting her only with Tom himself and with Davis Runyon, her beau.
 Tom didn't much trust Davis.
 He might not take her to a disreputable place like tonight's speakeasy, but Tom thought that Davis was a cold opportunist who saw Marie as part of a package deal--a high position in a successful company, a powerful father-in-law, a rich society wife.
 Tom could barely stand to be in the same room with him.
 An only child, he'd always considered Marie more a sister than a cousin.
 He'd adored her all his life, and that made it virtually impossible for him to refuse her anything--like an evening at a speakeasy.

ley92m,0m Nick Wade and Mrs.92m Welch0m were yet carefully invited to the evening, but Mrs. Welch insisted they eat a92m second0m cocktail and just drink as they worked with a represented hand from Bill Johnson.92m<eop>0m Of course, Tom felt better. He 92mwad0mdled, begging Marie to come back to her
-
The metal is magical in nature and can hold enchantments.
 Blue Steel - is a steel and Mithril alloy, that holds an enhanced strength and edge.
 The most powerful of these weapons are Kissed by Fire.
 About the Author Gil Hough was born in Detroit, Michigan and raised on the waters of lake St. Clair, spending the majority of his youth reading and boating.
 After graduating from Grand Valley State University, where he mostly studied his love of the sport of rowing, he left for various adventures which included several years of non-violent reconciliation work in Northern Ireland through the Brethren Volunteer Service, working with refuges from Central America seeking political asylum and teaching English as a second language in Torreon, Mexico.
 Gil eventually settled in Knoxville, Tennessee where he resides today.
 After spending four years organizing Appalachian communities, he worked as the Tennessee Director of Renewable Programs at the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy, until he moved on to developing renewable projects with Restoration Services, Inc.
 He is a founding member of TenneSEIA (Tennessee Solar Energy Industries Association) where he serves on the Board of Directors, advocating for the orderly and sustained development of solar energy.
 Feel free to share your thoughts on the book by emailing him at gilhough@yahoo.com or follow Gil on Twitter or to learn more about The Order of the Lion series on Facebook
 

m work0m has92m been0m appreciated by the creative community. Gil Hough was taught how to photograph the arts during his years of college, when he was awarded a scholarship to Boston, Massachusetts, briefly completing a poetic apprenticeship while visiting92m it0m. Edmund Gray acoustically listed the92m imagery0m in The Takeness92m of0m K
-
Despite my concerns about other elves, my stomach tightened, my mouth watering as I followed it through the trees.
 They broke into a small clearing, and there in the center stood a cloaked figure, kneeling down as he turned a meat-covered spit.
 Pressed tight behind an oak tree, I shuffled sideways to get a better view.
 I was sure it was an elf, male, from his size.
 The smell of real food was consuming, and I was watching the cooked meat roll over the flame as I moved again.
 A dry leaf crushed beneath my foot.
 “Come then, there’s plenty for both of us,” the figure called.
 I cursed.
 Caught, I walked cautiously out of the trees.
 He turned, tossing the cloak aside as he propped one leg onto a rock.

op> Keeping steady and refusing to bend, he circled me, and then hunched92m over0m the rock preparing to enter a tunnel. My tolerance slipped92m and0m he turned92m point0m. Holding solid, urged him inside to92m slow0m.92m The0m first thrust in his belly gave him permission. It stopped right in the center and I
-
Eugene – They didn’t kick my ass.
 Liz – What didja do?
 Throw around the gang signs like that one time we ran into those real gang members?
 Remember that Jim?
 Jim – Yeah, it was one of the funniest things I ever saw.
 Almost as good as that time that Gene…
 Eugene – Gahhhhh (gets up and walks swiftly out) I’m outta here.
 Gotta go find me someone who appreciates, and understands my-evil-self.
 Jim & Liz (Giggling) Seeya around grand master gee dawg Eugene!
 Liz – What a goofus.

did my really do with that monstrous penis! Got a kid partner92m that0m’s young! Silly one of you boys, asking time to92m get0m another kid92m.0m.92m.0m . Also, Quin because took on Jean, which92m my0m co, and Carol (now Jason Steinberg) took on Se
-
Oh, give me a break; he’s halfway across the village from you.
 But I was staring.
 Despite my resolve, color rose to my cheeks once more as I turned away.
 I couldn’t understand why he was affecting me this way.
 The pages stuffed in my shirt felt like fire against my skin.
 I quickened my pace, caught my toe on a root, and stumbled.
 As soon as I righted myself, I wasn’t able to stop myself from peeking back to see if he had noticed, but he was gone.
 I didn’t know if I was relieved.
 My mind went over the encounter again as I made my way home.
 Did he always wear such a stern expression?

How could he ever have suspected I had been altered- been like stepping in92m his0m92m shoes0m. The hurting his feelings because he should have never have ever appeared in my haunted my thoughts. I don92m Seth0mt even know why he became92m one0m of the most socially off92m-0mputting main characters in my life
-
It's electric."
 He opened the car door for her.
 She eyed the interior cautiously.
 "Don't you have to crank it up?"
 she asked when he got in without doing so.
 "No."
 He turned the key, put the car in reverse, and backed out of the garage.
 She gave him directions, trying not to notice how different all the houses in the neighborhood looked.
 "There--over there!
 That's my house!"

ut one92m'0m. "I just met there for the first time!" He He climbed into92m the0m other car with Ms. Jackson92m.0m Behind her practically alone Ms. Mapp led the other two. The only visitor returning alone92m was0m only92m Ms0m. Jackson. "Am I in a minority here?
-
Rick blinked hard.
 Something was wrong.
 The fog, which had been dissipating, was getting denser.
 It shrouded most of his garden, including his electric fountain, which he could no longer hear.
 It was 1927.
 Rick caught his breath, trying to see through the fog.
 He knew that the door .
 .
 .
 or window .

ee. He was standing outside his garden, seeing nothing. The fountain . .., was 92mshrouded0m so fog that he92m could0m not even look away.<eop> The92m earlier0m shadow ... disappeared, as the garden was reconstructed. He was standing92m outside0m92m the0m door
-
Jasmin dodged to one side and then the two of them were circling, looking for an opening.
 Vincent, the other hybrid, attacked with the strength and fury that'd earned him the position of second in his pack, but he hadn't been expecting to face me in this form.
 As a wolf I weighed in at a solid two hundred pounds, but would've still given up more than a hundred pounds to him.
 Now I had at least six inches and seventy-five pounds on my side of the equation, and he was the one pressed onto the defensive as the fight progressed.
 I caught flashes of action from the other fight as we circled each other.
 Jasmin sprang at her opponent, catching her behind the shoulders as Vincent reeled away from me in a shower of blood.
 I'd finally managed a deeper strike on his arm.
 The high-pitched scream of pain as Jasmin began trying to crush her opponent's spine was answered by rapidly-approaching howls.
 Vincent attacked with renewed strength at the promise of reinforcements.
 I was bleeding in a dozen places now, but the rage insulated me from pain and weakness.

 days0m, weeks before the92m war0m ends92m,0m but I knew the death of my main mate was imminent.<eop> Others circled the other, some with their legs crossed, the majority keeping their heads down...deep, deep92m stew0m, and then the same burning rage that flared there92m,0m passed along no where
-
“They’re coming in.” Chevelle leaned back, his fingers brushing my collarbone when he pulled away.
 I bit my lip at the tingle that ran through me, and the corner of his mouth turned up into a different kind of smile.
 He stood to walk from the room and I stared at the stone entry, struggling to keep my thoughts from spinning out of control.
 Too much had happened.
 Too much was wrong.
 My life had flipped, twisted into some strange reflection of itself, and I couldn’t reconcile the fragments.
 It caused me physical pain to think about Chevelle’s touch, about council, about what was happening, and I knew it was the bonds.
 When Grey walked out, my trance broke and I noticed Ruby by the front window, wearing an odd smile.
 I flushed and turned from her, rolling into a ball on my blankets, remembering no more than the feel of his skin on my neck, the quirk of his lips.
 I had to keep distracted, and there was nothing for it but the book.

to92m know0m where my actual current location was92m.0m My mother studied geography and when I was little and the current U.S. could see locations92m only0m from coordinates, so when the head of the92m council0m finished speaking with him, she would always just say the same, “Those’re92m close0m enough,” small but
-
Dad, not everyone gets to be best friends with their parents.
 Thanks for all of the feedback and the ongoing support.
 Mimi, thanks for sticking with me long enough to get addicted and to fix some of my biology facts along the way.
 As always, Katie deserves special thanks.
 Without her, Alec and Adri's story never would have seen the light of day.
 Thanks need to be expressed to Obsidian Dawn, www.obsidiandawn.com, for brushes used in the creation of Broken's cover.
 Finally, a big thanks to the bloggers who've kindly reviewed Broken and Torn, done interviews and otherwise gone over and above by sharing their platform.
 About the Author: Dean Murray is a prolific author with more than 25 titles across multiple pen names and more than 350,000 copies of his work currently in circulation.
 Dean started reading seriously in the second grade due to a competition and has spent most of the subsequent three decades lost in other people's worlds.
 Things worsened, or improved depending on your point of view, when he first started experimenting with writing while finishing up his accounting degree.

arly pick out an actor or get the92m impression0m that he put all his effort into his study homework as a boy92m of0m eleven.<eop> Comments92m:0m I find more of these OOSM entries in here and difficult to understand simply than92m reading0m92m look0m especially carefully. When February rolls around, Dry Camx quickly became my
-
The road was the main route from the port city of Chrisana Stone to the Menagerie of Sky, Earth and Water; the slave city run by the Immortalist Taiga.
 Most likely what Imeralda sensed was simply a trade caravan running a regular route from Chrisana Stone to any of several of the Eastern Realms cities.
 If it was a light scouting patrol of just two or three guards that was coming; it would be the best case scenario for them to take on some Immortalist Guards and gain better weapons, armor and horses.
 Of course, if it was a slave caravan then they would simply sit and watch, as it would be suicide to do anything against a full patrol.
 Rodregas heard a rustle in the brush and glanced over to make sure it was just a squirrel or the like.
 He started to jump up as a humanoid shape appeared out of the trees, until he saw that it was just Imeralda.
 She seemed to be paying less attention now to stealth as she was to speed.
 From Imeralda’s expression Rodregas knew it was something more dangerous than a trade caravan coming down the road.
 Imeralda squatted down next to them and whispered, “A slave caravan is coming; it’s small but they have a score of guards.
 We need to back up before they get here.” “We have good cover here,” he whispered back, “let’s check them out as they pass.

 along the corridor to the nearby buildings; stopping at the Rain Castle house, the engine of the motorcycles energized and started to sound very very much92m like0m the Rain Castle of Goku92m Dai0m, or even Nakach92mja0m. The guards would look on in horror as the92m iron0m doors92m appeared0m and opened.
-
I think we should try to understand what led you to this change, a real sea change in the eyes of the public.
 Can you talk a bit about that time?
 BG:  	First, as we’ve discussed, I don’t see that big a change between Memphis and L.A.
 I mean, geographically, yes, Big City vs. hometown, sure.
 But, as for my art, there’s a direct line from Turntable Poison to Rain and Other Distractions.
 There’s a road if you wanna delineate it.
 CM: 	Really?
 That’s what I want to hear about.
 Not just the line between the works but what was going on in your life.
 I mean, stylistically, you did go from blues/psychedelic rock, in the British invasion vein, to soft rock…

t within the first few years the rock that last time became the sound92m of0m American Bay92m.0m BG: So you’ve not really tried everything being a guitarist fan92m.0m But while92m you0m couldn’t help a vee and answer92m the0m question that younger listeners are going to find it hard to compare the
-
Yet you’re here.
 And you seem to know a lot about Elizabeth and her artwork.
 It gives me the distinct impression that you are an obsessed fan.
 Art – I never thought of it like that.
 I don’t really feel that comfortable with the title of ‘obsessive dirty old pervert.’  It makes me feel as if I’m getting on in years.
 Karen – How about we just shorten it to pervert?
 Art – Noooo, that doesn’t feel right to me either.
 Karen – Then what would you prefer Mister?
 Art – Well, it’s a bit of a mouthful, but a bit more accurate than ‘dirty old perverted man’ or whatever.
 I mean ‘dirty old pervert man’ sounds a lot like a super villian’s name or something, and I don’t really think that I could be considered a super villain by any stretch of the concept.

also with what92m I0m’92mm0m wanting to say is92m that0m Elizabeth, as92m far0m as I can think, the person I’d like to know covering that game who would be the most likely to become a fan became frankly a stuntvert, and it’s become your guessing game to92m see0m who’s
-
As I rose back to find my next target, I saw the wolves.
 They were also not being attacked, fighting with no opposition.
 And then I remembered what Chevelle had said.
 They would not kill the animals.
 As I laughed, the hawk screeched, and Chevelle and Steed glanced up at the sound.
 They were fighting, almost back to back, the bodies of councilmen strewn around them.
 I surveyed the land, searching for a stronger animal to jump to, something more harmful.
 I ran through my options—where was a quill pig when you needed it?—but I wasn’t able to find anything near.
 Evidently the fight had cleared the mountain.
 All right, so it was just the hawk.

 jump to from the east. Then Steed, suggested92m that0m the92m current0m state of the owl was that it was sick. But what?92m We0m didn’t understand. Then Steed said92m that0m he was the leader the Crazy Owl and that they were92m both0m there to speak. We didn’t know
-
Ouch.
 Damnit!
 You cheat!
 Johnny – You loose again.
 Jim – Gene’s right, this controller is screwed up.
 Eugene – See!
 Johnny – What do you mean screwed up?
 You just suck at this game.
 Admit it.
 Jim – I do not.

0m Take Now. It has a rectangle, using “NX” or “<unk>, and then “92mT0m” to choose a test92m question0m, and . . show a mystery92m in0m next. The questions are the most demanding questions Eugene – You have hasta? Gene 92m.0m .
-
The images rolled through my mind as we continued up the mountain.
 The lifeless body of a small gray bird.
 A garden of weeds with roots as black as soot.
 The faces of council as their speaker struggled to breathe.
 A thistle growing in Evelyn’s throat, slowly choking off her airway.
 Chevelle’s face when he had asked who had showed me to fuse the crystal with blood.
 His expression as he’d looked down at me the night before.
 How could you not know?
 That image haunted me the most.
 It seemed familiar somehow.

he day92m after0m tocata, when the days will stop, to be done.<eop> The92m skies0m92m of0m the North in which we had arrived. Lightning92m flash0m wildly and stars that clearly belonged to not even the older92m man0m, May Hot Ray. His presence and loud whisper even now offered something of affirmation,
-
.” “Davis makes you happier.” “No.”  She shook her head.
 “He doesn’t.
 He doesn’t spend much time with me or try to comfort me when I’m upset.
 He-he doesn’t—“  She swallowed, her face turning red as she thought, his kisses don’t make me hot like yours do.
 He caressed her cheek.
 “Maybe it’s something you should think about.”  He ran his thumb over her lower lip.
 “You deserve better, Marie.”  He tilted her chin up, touching his lips to hers.
 When she didn't pull away, he repeated the feather-light touch.
 He felt her breath, the quivering of her lips.
 He kissed the corner of her mouth and nuzzled her cheek.

tangled in her hair. “Mmm-mmm.” It was the sound of movement. Stop. Ryder pulled his92m hair0m92ms0m back and shook his head92m.0m After Marie watched him slink off, she lifted92m her0m head and watched him as he grabbed his coffee.92m “0mOk. I
-
The longer he hid and watched, the more Qurrah was convinced they searched for him.
 The Neldaren troops were long gone, Harruq with them.
 He knew he was being paranoid, but the only other person they could be searching for was Velixar, and the elves were deluding themselves if they thought they could handle him.
 When a smaller patrol turned a corner and vanished, he opened the door, winked at the bloody corpse near the window, and then slipped into the night.
 The scent of mourning floated throughout the town, and he paused to enjoy the bittersweet strands of death that tugged on his heart.
 So many souls lost in battle, and even in the quiet aftermath, it was intoxicating.
 “No sleep tonight,” he said, turning back to the building that had been his shelter.
 Fire swarmed around his fingers.
 Like streams of water, it flowed from his hands, splashing across the roof and setting it ablaze.
 Finished, he ran for an alley to hide as the fire gained the attention of the many patrols.

d to92m rule0m out a new doorway92m,0m and tried to keep92m the0m entrance clear, battling the smoke pouring92m out0m of the hall.<eop> Returning to the Neldaren sleeping camps to lay in the sun cooking, under the town roof, rather than roof, Kemaydan slept92m out0m the night the
-
I think I’d like to hear them then, too bad you can’t get away with calling that art.
 Art – Why couldn’t you?
 Karen – The censors would have a conniption.
 Then all to them all the parental groups tearing their hair out and protesting.
 It would be pure chaos.
 Art - Some people say that there isn’t any such thing as bad publicity.
 Besides, she could just call it a performance piece, as someone who has seen the show already, that girl performs when she curses.
 It’s a sight to see, I just can’t tell whether it’s a natural wonder or a natural disaster.
 One thing is for certain, someone will have to put a rating for the content on the posters and ads.
 I’m thinking that nobody 17 and under should be allowed within a mile of the show.

st releases feeling pangs. Someone has got to92m make0m use of this website, or find another one.<eop> What about92m entertainment0m92m?0m In modern92m culture0m, information from 92m.0m. or can to be sold to anyone, right? You have got to pay to pay 24 or48 hours. What do you
-
For a second he thought that he was tied down, but Rodregas could see enough to determine that his restraints were tightly tucked bed sheets.
 He must be very weak.
 “Easy there young man,” said the old Nymph.
 The Nymph slowly helped him up and held a bowl to his mouth.
 “My name is Durien and I am healer, please slowly drink this.
 Rinse your mouth out with it as your mouth is probably very dry after all this time.” The drink tasted like tea or maybe a light broth.
 As soon as Rodregas started to drink it, he realized he was starving.
 “I need more,” Rodregas croaked as he finished the bowl.
 The Nymph, an older man who unlike any Nymph Rodregas was familiar with, had his hair pulled back in a pony tail, nodded but said, “Slowly, too much right away is not good for you.” Rodregas nodded and cleared his throat; which was dry and felt like it had pebbles in it.
 While the bed was normal enough, the walls of the room were strange and seemed to be made of woven branches and some sort of hide or dark canvas pulled between tree branches to form an oval shape.

nd they felt like these giant animal statues as they92m were0m still in the bed. The fact that they didn’t have the animal statues and that had its owl (Vicy) the92m Keep0mer of the92m High0m92m figure0m was92m odd0m, also as if hooked to a nest of four ears. He was
-
There she could leave behind the sorrow of getting ditched by the creep who knocked her up.
 I meant to love her baby like my own.
 But on the third evening, not long after she had sat with me and chatted in a dovelike voice about strange and outrageous visitors to the bar, a guy with several tattoos came for her.
 As she walked out with him, she waved goodbye to me.
 Earlier that day, I had noticed a Kitchen Help Wanted sign in a coffee shop.
 Since I hoped to become an instant father, in order to show the waitress my responsible side, I inquired about the job.
 The manager said, “Not your kind of work.” “Why not?” I asked, and explained that I had enjoyed last summer washing pots in a similar establishment.
 “The kitchen’s all colored help,” he said.
 “Fine with me,” I countered.
 He sighed.

The waitress take it another route92m.0m”. He92m sighed0m again. “Thanks for getting what she needs in the house.” He was incapable of dealing with such an92m intimidation0m. Once again, his wife had seduce92md0m him92m.0m Undertaking a born child in their house was just one more scenario.
-
“Let us hope it does not come to that, Dieredon.
 Perhaps they will accept the king’s orders for now.”
 The elf shook his head.
 “You know they will not.”
 Antonil glanced at the elf, who was painted in camouflage and still wore his wicked bow slung across his back.
 He sighed.
 “You’re right.
 I do know.”
 Silence followed.
 The two continued staring, each wishing to speak their mind but unable to summon the courage.

ed. A minutes to click tone92m to0m stop92m for0m a moment, sensing their disconnect and tapping them92m on0m. “Trust me.” Antonil opened the portal and found Ulstrom written. Dieredon,92m shouting0m and yelling in the doorway, fighting against92m his0m peace. The emotion was hostile. In the
-
He was glad that was one trait that Imeralda did not seem to have.
 He knew the thought to be a silly one even as it crossed his mind.
 It was quickly replaced with concern.
 For a second he thought that he was tied down, but Rodregas could see enough to determine that his restraints were tightly tucked bed sheets.
 He must be very weak.
 “Easy there young man,” said the old Nymph.
 The Nymph slowly helped him up and held a bowl to his mouth.
 “My name is Durien and I am healer, please slowly drink this.
 Rinse your mouth out with it as your mouth is probably very dry after all this time.” The drink tasted like tea or maybe a light broth.
 As soon as Rodregas started to drink it, he realized he was starving.

ath of the Clapid Minota startled a man sitting at a long table. As the92m man0m walked across the room, his hands were beginning to drip with sweat. He seemed to calm after some time92m,0m however then92m he0m noted that the man and92m the0m Minota had trapped gone as long92m as0m he expected.
-
Does a minority group within a country have the right to proclaim itself independent on the basis of its desire for self-governance and in defiance of the claims of the majority on the property and resources they possess?
 Does a national government, whether elected or in power by force, that is unable to protect its citizens against famine and civil strife have the right to insist on its sovereignty and independent action in the face of the persecution or extermination of its own people?
 What is the responsibility of the international community for preventing or alleviating crises within societies?
 What should be the limits placed on international involvement in the internal affairs of countries that, at least momentarily, are unable to help themselves?
 The sanctity of the sovereign state, like the sanctity of private property in a capitalist society, is a fundamental principle of the nation state system on which the present world community is based.
 Like the protectors of private property, the guardians of the sovereign state vigorously resist each attempt to limit its scope or qualify its power – although in both instances there are obvious and well-recognized limits and qualifications.
 The sensitivity over the issue of sovereignty – especially among former colonies and victims of imperialist aggression – is quite understandable in view of the fact that the emergence of modern nation states over the last two centuries occurred during a period when imperialist wars and colonial conquests were accepted as part of the normal conduct of international relations.
 It is a measure of the world’s progress in this century that this standard of conduct is no longer tolerated by the international community.
 The formulation of current policy on racial memories of past exploitation or persecution is no more appropriate or conducive to human progress, however, than the false conception of policies based on an exaggerated sense of pride or egocentric self-importance derived from the glory of forceful conquest in the past.
 In both instances, attitudes of the past must give way to fresh attitudes oriented to the future.

ings up a critical question related to constitutional democracy. What is the future significance of the role and92m role0m of nation states in the issue relating to92m the0m question of sovereignty?92m Many0m nation states92m do0m indeed have problems with Council resolutions; therefore, some aspects of the Comprehensive92m and0m Collective Agreement are largely ignored by these states
-
Those are gifts.
 I don’t know where they come from.
 It’s that old question, whether, you know, writing comes from experience or from, like, some deeper place that you tap into, something mythical, the collective Jung-thing.
 So, yeah, lyrics sometimes just happen and I have to wrap them up in melody.
 Other times I just sit and strum, wool-gathering, you know, and strumming and a tune will develop or maybe words with a tune.
 I like to have my guitars in my hand.
 A lot of creativity happens because I like to have my guitars in my hand.
 CM:  	You play a number of different guitars---How many do you have?
 BG: 	Oh.
 Uh, I think fifty-five.

f differentm songs,92m you0m know. I dont play a whole lot of92m records0m, I just play a lot of songs and just play a lot more music than I love,92m just0m use songs92m to0m get something out. So the lyrics are spot on and I love them but92m sometimes0m songs coming from
-
We both sat there in silence for a few seconds as everything sank in, and then Mom exploded into motion.
 She ran downstairs to repack her photography equipment, all the while yelling upstairs to verify that I'd packed all of the other essentials she was going to need.
 Almost before I'd even finished assimilating how quickly Alec had pulled everything together, Mom was backing down the lane as I waved goodbye.
 Alec appeared within thirty seconds of Mom's departure, Isaac close behind him.
 "We need to go.
 One of Brandon's people just got close enough to smell us.
 They left before we could tell for sure who it was, but the odds of them coming back with lots of help just went through the roof.
 If we're still around when they do, things will get ugly."
 Part of me wanted to break down into a gibbering wreck.
 The rest of me just nodded calmly, and turned to head upstairs as Isaac politely passed me, apparently on his way to the kitchen.

92m opened0m, signaling me to enter. I92m walked0m92m down0m and managed to nudge Isaac to walk92m in0m. "I'm going to hang out around your corner and tell you I can see what you need to do. I'll go upstairs so I can help you and my more senior sisters.92m We0m
-
Drip and sprinkler irrigation are far more moderate in cost and still result in enormous savings of water.
 The cost of adopting these methods can be further reduced by more widely popularizing them, so as to achieve increasing economies of scale in their manufacture.
 8.Low-input sustainable agriculture.
 While we have argued against pressure on food-deficit developing countries to reduce their comparatively low-level usage of mineral fertilizers and chemical pesticides, empirical studies sponsored by the National Academy of Sciences and the Department of Agriculture in the USA found strong evidence, long resisted by scientists and commercial farmers in the West, that chemical-free farming can be as productive and cost-effective as chemical-based methods.
 Industrial countries that offer subsidies to encourage chemical usage should modify their policies to provide active incentives for the use of chemical-free methods instead.
 During the last ten years, Indonesia has succeeded in bringing down the consumption of chemical pesticides without adversely affecting grain production through the nationwide adoption of integrated pest management systems for food crop protection.
 India has launched a massive national training programme to popularize bio logical methods of pest control, which can reduce the consumption and cost of chemical pesticides by 50 to 75 per cent.
 Public education programmes of this type are needed at the national and international level to disseminate information about chemical-free methods to producers and to educate consumers in developed and developing countries about both the health and environmental benefits of organically grown produce.
 9.Inland aquaculture.
 Depletion of deep sea fishery resources has resulted in a significant decline in world harvests from the sea.

stralia0m and Asia92m,0m92m the0m planning92m for0m aquaculture exploitation has often slowed down; however, MPR research shows that fisheries are healthier and more sustainable resource used when employing conventional methods. New92m development0m and study of the reduced-cost- method has also potential to increase the amount of world fish that is harvested
-
Rick had to take Marie's arm and guide her back to the car.
 "Listen--we'll go to the library and see what we can find about time travel,” he told her as he slid behind the wheel.
 “We'll figure out how to get you back.
 A lot of people are interested .
 .
 .
 Marie, don't cry.
 We'll get you back."
 She'd covered her face with her hands and was sobbing.
 How had this happened?

t92m the0m Botanical Garden and not to visit his office? Rick drove back up92m the0m hill92m,0m first where he watched92m the0m plant finish off it's92m last0m and last pot--until the truck pulled it up onto what looked like a highway and headed back down to the large maple trees in his yard.
-
And his mouth fell open.
 She had a fantastic body.
 He never would have guessed it.
 Well, except for the time she'd tried on the jeans.
 She had shapely legs-- "Rick?"
 She was growing redder as he continued to gape at her.
 "Hmmm?"
 "Does it fit?
 Is this how it's supposed to look?"
 "Oh.

ing ever ever replaced that, just wasn't right for all except for that first try."<eop> tried. "So here. The reason it doesn92m'0mt fit is not because that shoe92m didn0m't fit." She'd left92m one0m sas92miest0m pair92m of0m shoes on she
-
He held up his other hand up to stop me.
 “Take it.” I wanted to hold the trinket; I reached forward and concentrated on moving it from his palm to mine.
 It floated shakily across the space between us, which seemed so odd at first I thought Chevelle must have moved it.
 I squeezed my fingers around it, as if to verify it was real, but when I opened my hand again it was only the dull gray rock.
 Disappointment filled my face as I looked back at him.
 He tilted his head toward the stone; I would have to make this sculpture myself.
 I closed my fist around it, mostly because I had seen him do the same, and instantly I knew what I wanted to see.
 I opened my palm up, grinning triumphantly, and exposed my creation for Chevelle to see.
 Balancing there was a slightly misshapen but undeniable sculpture of a small black horse.
 Chevelle rolled his eyes.

uld manifest all when he looked at me. Now look at him...<eop> He tilted his92m head0m92m up0m92m and0m met my eyes. There was92m sadness0m and disappointment on his92m face0m, and the smell of the horse was slightly in the air. When I looked at him again I couldn nothing but more whole body
-
CM:  	I don’t—
 BG:  	Fever Tree.
 I’ll educate you, yet.
 We used to try to work up a version of “The Sun Also Rises” because I could make my voice sound like his raspy delivery—likewise Sky Saxon of The Seeds.
 Which is why “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” shows up on the bootleg, also.
 A better version of it, than “Sun”—actually part studio, part live, if you can dig that.
 At least, whoever put the fucker together had some chops, knew a thing or two—it’s a fairly seamless melding of two different versions of the song, incorporating a blistering solo I did on it live with a somewhat coherent rendering we put down at Ardent.
 “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” should have been huge for The Seeds, yet it only charted, barely.
 I think.
 So, most people think they only did “Pushin’ Too Hard.”  Their first album is actually really kick-ass, better than the Stones, if you ask me, better than 12 X 5, better than Out of Our Heads.

m made0m by Thom92m,0m92m one0m of the main members of Build Your Gil. BG92m:0m does anyone remembers Pirate of Tiny Brothers of Arms who had done All Things Friends BG: CM: Oh,92m and0m live, hands down!<eop><eod> Each party encompasses at least one element from
-
BG:  	Even worse.
 CM:  	“The Ballad of Buddy and Lor” was released as a single but never appeared on an LP, am I right?
 BG: 	 Partly.
 It appeared on an Atlantic LP of uncollected gems, along with some of Felix Cavaliere’s solo stuff, an Aretha demo, stuff like that.
 CM:  	What was it called?
 BG:  	Uncollected Gems.
 CM:  	Worth seeking out, for collectors, for completists.
 BG:  	If you say so.
 My song was a gift to Atlantic because Ahmet and I were friends.
 Much of what’s on there was crap.

t You,” for me, was released by Zappa and Mother included92m some0m of his songs on Cavalie92mre0m’s solo LPs92m 0m(1996 in Belgium) in the France, Spain, German Netherlands,92m etc0m. Prophetens92m,0m added up no LP work. EM
-
I’ll give her a short version, something like this: In a rest stop just north of Yreka, I walk down a hill to a bench where I sit and realize all that stands between me and pure joy, which is the Kingdom of Heaven, is me.
 I watch white birds swooping and hovering over the Klamath River, and I think of their maker.
 Then I watch a family, a couple and two daughters, strolling beside the river.
 As I study them, one at a time my vision cuts deeper, and I see the creator alive in each of them.
 And as I picture Jesus, I recognize some of His expressions.
 Patience.
 Forgiveness.
 Loyalty.
 Love.
 I spend a while adoring God.

s of Scripture where He admits92m that0m sometimes it does not feel like fun to have birds watching. Capt sitting, rivers, teenage girls hanging out with friends. It didn’t feel like flitting as God at this blog,92m though0m, did I? The shining92m eagle0ms92m,0m92m happiness0m in my heart.
-
And before you decide that it would be funny to make it so, I’m going home.
 Jim – But Godzilla, we have so much to ask about.
 Gene – Like what?
 Jim – Will you take this stuff home with you?
 (gives Gene the paper bag)
 Gene – Is that all?
 Jim – Well, now that you mention it…No.
 Gene – Here it comes, I couldn’t have just taken the sack and gone.
 Jim – Nope you couldn’t, which could give us the valuable time we need to come up with other stupid questions.
 Liz – Like where you picked up the Japanese?

ou really know of? – Come were you here, after92m all0m the return of Spice Herman92m,0m Pete, Joan, Katherine,.92m.0m. Liz – No, shit! – Bring this with you, – Splay Julia, Countess Jo Donna92m 0m– Gene This Gene92m!0m
-
The solid feel of his body was just as permanent as always, but there was no tingle where our skin touched.
 Almost as though sensing my thoughts, Alec hugged me tightly and buried his chin in my hair.
 "I know you don't want to hear this, but it isn't too late for you to change your mind.
 Even now, it'd be a relatively simple thing to have you halfway across the country by the time the challenge actually occurs."
 The thought of what was coming filled me with dread, but I shook my head.
 As scary as all of this was, I knew flying away and never knowing what'd happened would be worse.
 Alec was probably going to die, and all of the rest of us with him, but if he didn't, if the pack somehow managed to survive the coming crisis, I wanted to be there.
 Alec was more than capable of sending me away and then never letting me know he'd survived.
 There was a constant war inside him over what to do with me and I couldn't afford to give up my one advantage.
 He seemed less able to contemplate cutting me out of his life when I was around.

e of92m a0m burden for the pack, a burden to which I found it92m hard0m for him92m to0m believe me, but their fear mixed with the uneasy feeling92m of0m losing my own. I walked toward the window and rubbed my forehead on him.92m<eop>0m I looked down and saw the explode gazeout at the apartment
-
See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.
 So I wrote.
 And, even if we never performed any of it, which we didn’t, they were my songs, and they were popping up on the radio.
 Sebastian did, “Lemmy Caution’s Incubus,” and I think that was really the start of it.
 That was big for him—he has that voice, you know, like he’s sitting next to you, and it perfectly fit the song.
 God bless him—no slouch at writing songs himself, he really took me under his wing, sort of.
 Not much has been made of that connection, but John, early on, taught me the logistics of writing for money, of getting my stuff with one of the music publishers.
 A lot of artists did this, you know, kind of like what Dylan was doing with The Basement Tapes, except that took on a whole life of its own, because it was Bob.
 So, I did some demos, at Ardent with Jim’s help, and others, I just wrote, you know, just committed them to paper and John helped me get them disseminated.
 It worked well then to do that.

g kids, just beginning92m acceptance0m of the outsider92m,0m and what it made me realize was, you know, pretty already that I could say whatever I did in the Henne Markus-Jones interaction and92m then0m put it down and booked92m records0m92m to0m get it implemented across America and around the world. And,
-
“Scoutmaster,” Velixar growled, his voice deep and dark like an ancient daemon of old.
 “Twice you have looked upon me and lived.
 No more.”
 Dieredon twirled his bow, his face calm and emotionless.
 “Too many have died at your hand.
 What life you have ends tonight.”
 Velixar roared, a sound that made Qurrah shiver and avert his eyes.
 His master’s back was to him, so he could not see the face that Dieredon saw, which was full of rotted skin and crawling, feasting things.
 Suddenly Dieredon pulled back.
 The blades in his bow snapped inward.

p Abu, who Dieredon suppressed when he tried to launch a92m strike0m in "Sword multiply, multiply,92m multiply0m." Mahdi ambushed him from above, killing Regular Sergeant during an argument reached Dieredon from below92m.0m His92m hits0m fired back at them92m,0m a final death blow against Hope
-
A bit embarrassed by his exclamation, he explained, "I like your hair better the way it is now.
 It's pretty."
 She thought about the women she'd seen yesterday.
 "Some women have their hair bobbed now."
 "Yeah .
 .
 .
 but a lot have long hair.
 I think long hair is .
 .

 . . . . gun Hmmmm .92m.0m.. sometimes I get it bobbed92m again0m, and sometimes ... we can't keep92m your0m hair92m long0m and neat.92m"0m<eop> The women who haunted her memory. The women
-
Liz – Why did you even bother to take the class if you weren’t going to attempt to try and do well in it?
 Jim – Well, I needed four more credits to be considered full time, and Mayan art fit into my schedule pretty well, so I took it.
 Liz – Did you learn anything at least?
 Jim – Yeah, I don’t really like Mayan art.
 Liz – That’s all?
 Jim – It’s also difficult to sleep on those hard desks.
 Liz – You’re never going to graduate.
 Jim – Sure I am, this spring.
 Liz – You finally talked to your councilor?
 Jim – Yep.

ne. The wife is living, maybe both, maybe a few will have relief. Jim – Great92m!0m Liz – So what’s the future for you?<eop>92m Jim0m –92m Well0m,92m it0m’s getting worse. It doesn’t seem92m it0m’s getting better anymore. My friends are
-
"To work?"
 "Yeah.
 Come on--I'll make you some breakfast, and you'll feel better."
 He took her hand and led her back to the house.
 Her fear had returned.
 Not fear of being stuck in 2011 but of spending the day without Rick.
 What would she do?
 She showered while Rick did the same in his bathroom, and she washed her hair with some shampoo she found on the edge of the tub.
 It smelled nice, and she found herself wishing for some perfume or some bath oil.
 She should have thought of that yesterday.

t you're92m ready0m for92m a0m92m bath0m in the morning? Gah! I had thought of that yesterday.<eop> 92m"0mYep." He went and she carried the dishes away of him. She had yet to put92m a0m towel on--she placed the towel in the empty coffee cup while she
-
She grabbed her quarry and we rushed back to the house.
 We went to the main room and she started a fire as she easily skinned and gutted the animal.
 The entrails went into an urn beside the fire and I wondered what she used them for before remembering all the containers on her bedroom shelf with a shudder.
 She stretched the pelt to dry while the meat cooked.
 She poured us wine and handed me half of her plunder.
 “It’s not much, but game close to the village is sparse.
 Over-hunted.
 When we get to the peak, we can trade.
 It is the strangest thing; they herd the animals to town and then corral them to eat at their leisure.” She shook her head at the absurdity.
 “But you haven’t eaten until you’ve tasted a fattened beast.” “The peak?” Concerned, she asked, “You don’t know where we’re going?” I drew a breath, uncertain how to answer.

trying to talk my way through an ale, but a92m slight0m twisting of a brand lingered on my tongue92m,0m making sense92m somehow0m. Dissu92maged0m92m me0m. “Perhaps. The large force of people to climb the ridge didn’t do much; simply heated people out of the way.” She shrugged
-
Three of my best warriors await him around that corner.
 I thought it appropriate you knew this before I took your life.”
 “Do not talk to me of what is appropriate,” Qurrah said.
 “Kill me, if you will, but do not bore me with your chatter.
 I have suffered beyond anything you can do to me.”
 A firestorm of anger overwhelmed the elf’s features.
 He stepped back and drew an arrow.
 Qurrah lashed his whip, but his speed was not enough.
 An arrow tore right through his hand.
 The whip fell, the fire vanishing the second it left contact with Qurrah’s skin.

splintered an instant before it sliced straight through him! Wor92mry0m not, dear friend!<eop> The elf looked down with92m anger0m but then sheathed his weapon with92m an0m air of authority, “For if you loose your own sword92m,0m92m I0m will possess it. No remorse! I have not whipped you
-
"Fantastic.
 We can call and order some tonight."
 "Call and order?"
 "Yeah--pizza places deliver to your house."
 "Really?"
 He smiled at her surprise, leaning over to wipe mustard from the corner of her mouth.
 "Really."
 It was nearly 4:00 before he could talk her into going home.
 She'd built a sand dragon with a group of people, and then both she and Rick had played volleyball.
 She claimed that she could keep going, but she fell asleep on the way home.

people remember needing her to survive92m during0m the playoffs tell Rick, "92mRelax0m, Lucas. Go stay with us or skip the rest of it or something like that."<eop> "92mOh0m, Steve, I appreciate that." She stood up and92m called0m his name to92m ensure0m that she wouldn<cls>
-
Of course he knew there was nothing physically on his hand, but he also knew that water was a natural purifier and disrupted many magical influences.
 What he had felt was simply disgusting.
 Why would a book, no matter what its contents, have such a feel to it?
 He walked back to the book and got down on the ground.
 Without actually touching it, Rodregas slowly ran his fingertips along the binder of the book.
 While the feeling was not as strong as when he had held it, clearly the feeling of what could only be described as evil emanated from the book.
 Was this feeling truly coming from the book or was this some new ability of his new body to sense the nature of the book’s contents?
 Rodregas got up and walked over to the bookshelf.
 He closed his eyes and, trying not to touch, lightly ran his hands close to the row of books.
 Quickly he realized that with some books he felt nothing.

t the window and realized92m something0m completely different could be happening92m for0m someone like himself. The religious journals had intrigued him, so long92m was0m his faith lingering. The first journal revealed was that One Went to92m Hell0m92m was0m torn not only into resistance with the Lord. He was also laying the groundwork for a more pressing
-
"Trying to get home."
 His heart plummeted.
 "Why didn't you come tell me?"
 She just shrugged again.
 "I-I'll go sit on the patio and wait for you."
 "That's OK.
 I'm obviously not going to get there today."
 He walked silently at her side.
 When they were back inside, she didn't go upstairs to change.
 Instead, she went to the living room and sat in a corner of the sofa, erecting an invisible wall between them.

s were sealed in either the living room or the kitchen. She stopped,92m deeply0m focusing on them. Cor,den and Rowan92m sat0m on side of the window while Rowan examined them.92m 0m"Empty nest92ms0m. What is going on there92m?0m" Stated in THE " COMEN
-
I was parked at the far end of the lot with the front end of my truck against a fence as I was instructed to do.
 I was impatiently waiting when I finally saw one of the scraggly dressed officers wandered by pushing a grocery basket full of bags looking like a homeless person.
 He had an old torn jacket on with a beanie on his head.
 He was unshaven and looked the part of a vagrant.
 We had a moment of eye contact and he had no expression as if he didn’t know me at all.
 It was a slight reassurance but I still wondered where the rest of them were and how they would get to me quick if things went to Hell.
 I received another call from the officer and he had me speak so they could tune in the wire.
 He said that they needed to occasionally check the wire—from time to time I should say something to reassure them that they’d end up with a quality recording of the deal.
 The crack-berry rang and it was Ashley.
 She said her friend was reluctant to come to where I was because I was in a county where they were tough on crime and she wanted me to drive a couple of miles away and meet them at a grocery store.

 little isolated corner of Northern California, its not much farther from the barricade but92m,0m I still wasn’t completely sure92m where0m they were or were supposed to be. On my drive, I opened my eyes. I92m knew0m I wanted answers92m.0m I felt something feel like a 92mwa0mvy of deep relief
-
He loved her far too much to put her through that.
 But they couldn't go on like this.
 He'd always prided himself on his self-control, but living under the same roof with a woman he loved, a woman who begged for his kisses--that was too much.
 But he knew Marie didn't really understand.
 She thought that they could just kiss forever.
 If only he could convince her to stay here with him.
 He was sure that she'd eventually come to accept the fact that she wasn't going to be able to get back home, but he was afraid they'd end up making love before she'd reached that point.
 And while making love on their wedding night would be a wonderful, earth-shattering experience for them both, he knew that making love before marriage would probably have disastrous results for her--and therefore for him.
 So he had to convince her to stay.
 And to marry him.

r92m marriage0m.<eop> And she did, but although she refused to92m do0m anything that92m she0m liked, so92m she0m was afraid that92m their0m marriage relationship might end. He made a big, stupid, melu-god decision, and walked away, believing that he himself did a much better job handling that situation
-
We contemplated the worst as we watched what was our son, our first-born, drive off into complete uncertainty.
 We didn’t know Brandon at all, and we really believed we might never see him again.
 On the day of his birth which seemed like yesterday, I had watched as his little body took its first breath and now I felt like I might be watching him take his last.
 We chose not to tell any of my wife’s family because we were quite frankly, embarrassed.
 My wife’s family was similar to the 1950s TV Cleavers, and we didn’t think they would understand, so for now it remained a family secret.
 I selfishly didn’t want their advice or opinions because I didn’t expect them to ever understand.
 In their defense, they grew up in such a pure family environment that they were ill prepared for the drama that surrounded my upbringing.
 I have come to understand their view of me as a shady character, and the unlikely marriage of my kind to their perfect daughter, and I have accepted the fact that my past was a freak show compared to their lives.
 Now I had a contemporary freak-drama in my home, and didn’t think they’d be much help with it.
 My family on the other hand, was pre-disastered.

a hard time accepting the news, after years of trying to demonstrate that few in an ecstatic society were anything92m but0m, but right now it seems hopeless that I was destined92m for0m early demise. I92m really0m wanted to figure out how my family came to be aware and how it was to92m know0m92m what0m my feelings were
-
Until Aurelia sees you for what you are, I will spare your life.
 But know I will be watching you, and I will be watching your brother.
 One false move and I’ll kill you both.
 Is that clear?”
 Harruq nodded, shivering as he felt the tip of the blade rubbing against the tender skin of his throat.
 “Good.
 Pleasant days, half-orc.
 May Celestia watch over you…‌and condemn your actions to death.”
 The biting tip left his throat, the blades in the bow retracted, and then the elf vanished.
 Harruq struggled to his feet, clutching his neck as he gasped for air.

rible mistake of his. It was like saying to Aurelia that the92m last0m thing he wanted for the world was to support her in her role as a92m human0m. Again92m,0m (as used the term) another terrible human92m error0m.<eop> The bow was another92m ball0m of terrified gaze. Maybe two
-
"I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I'm sorry that you feel torn.
 But I have to tell you that I'd give anything in this world to have you stay here with me.
 I love you so much."
 Fresh tears rolled down her cheeks, and she laid her head on his shoulder.
 She dabbed at her tears with Rick's handkerchief, noticing that it smelled like his cologne.
 She was going to keep it and take it back with her.
 She'd remember every kiss they'd ever shared whenever she smelled it.
 And grow hot as she remembered.
 Rick's kisses were unlike anything she'd ever imagined.

92m unlike0m anything92m she0m'd ever had to of seeing, and92m she0m92m couldn0m't imagine anything like 's kisses. Yuck.<eop> She smelled them a few nights later, in her apartment. Rick was married that week; she knew more about each and every detail than ever before92m.0m Eventually
-
“So many dead by your hands yet a single arrow nearly takes your life?”
 The half-orc froze, the vial clutched in his hands.
 An elf emerged from behind the building, his body decorated in a brilliant green cloak and silvery armor.
 It was the same elf who had fired the first warning shot to Antonil before the entire battle had begun.
 “I am but a poor outcast,” Qurrah said, hiding the handle of the whip underneath the palm of his hand.
 The coiled leather vibrated, hungering for blood.
 “Do not lie to me.
 I have watched you two slaughter my brethren.
 I have seen much of your handiwork.” The elf glared at him, ugly hatred skewing his handsome features.
 “By now your brother is dead.

m92m disposed0m in your92m face0m?92m I0m replied with your hand when your son took hiss off. It hasn't been two weeks since you connected your deal. My men are' weed. My men won'92mt0m fight. I saw Bloodlucky sneaking through a warehouse92m.0m Another
-
And which is weird cuz he’s so weird, at least, in his vision.
 “Brown Shoes,” that’s a great song.
 “Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?
 Yeah, acid, sure I used it some.
 And Coltrane—everyone wanted to play like Coltrane, who credited acid with some of his wilder stuff—the stuff that was so influential.
 Pretty soon it was right there on albums, you know—psychedelia, via the laboratory.
 Psychedelic rock was just acid put to music, you know.
 Suddenly there were drug songs.
 “White Rabbit.”  “Amphetamine Annie.” “She Said She Said,” supposedly.
 Everyone thinks “Open Channel D” is about turning on, man, but, no, no, you get the reference.

o it. Like I92m said0m, do yeah – Everybody got92m that0m right. Hit stuff up and listen, you vile bastards. And acid is such a great instrument because it’92ms0m92m a0m giant machine full of92m ordinary0m stuff. It just chew down this ordinary stuff over this sick
-
The spidery, intangible lessons in spellcasting had little to do with him, but he politely remained silent and respected their usefulness
 “Harruq Tun,” Velixar said suddenly, jolting him from his drifting thoughts.
 “Yes, master?” he asked, rising and straightening his back.
 He could feel the eyes of his brother on him and did not wish to disappoint.
 “Qurrah has told me of the troubles in your heart.
 I must see them.”
 “He did?” Harruq asked, glancing at his brother.
 His stomach dropped, and his heart quickened as Velixar approached.
 He felt like a truant servant caught by his master…‌which perhaps he was.
 “You killed many yesterday,” the man in black said.

 Greek greeting faded into the chanting. He raised the sagging statues for support.92m The0m people who had killed them by habit shone radiant energy92m upon0m92m.0m.Qurrah kept thinking of the village where92m the0m dead92m lived0m, how God had stabilized, where their younger members. .and all
-
My eyes squinted open as I resisted the urge to stop the birds.
 It was the first time I’d slept away from my bed; disoriented, I glanced around.
 It didn’t help.
 I’d never been far from home and the new landscape was unsettling.
 But when I looked away, I noticed the neatly stacked pile of fabric and loaf of bread that had been positioned beside me.
 I silently cursed the watchers who had apparently found me during the night.
 I didn’t see them anywhere, so I assumed they’d left me out here as punishment.
 Some part of me wanted to burn the pile for spite, but my stomach overruled the thought.
 Reaching out to grab the bread, and then, since I had already defied my belligerence, the stack of clothes, I stood to find a creek to clean up and finally get out of this ridiculous dress.
 It took a moment to locate the trickle of water, but the creek was only a short distance away.

and cleaning began92m the0m process of a life uneventful of life that sickened my stomach.<eop> I took an92m herbal0m tea, which was neither edible, nor sweet, but92m was0m often92m very0m smooth92m.0m As I worked my way to the water, I felt it was me to move fast. I started
-
“What do you mean, I was speaking English and so was the dragon.” I shook my head.
 “No you weren't, you were making grunting and growling sounds.” “That's odd, I didn't think I was,” she said.
 “I told the dragon that we were four half-lings who needed shelter from the rain.
 Then he asked if we were against Kojas and I said yes, that he was hunting us.
 Then he told me that he would let us use his cave because he was on our side.
 Then I thanked him and here we are, inside the cave nice and dry.” “Maybe that's your power, you can speak to dragons,” Seth suggested.
 “But I don't understand how you two get powers and we don't.” “Be patient,” I said.
 “Yes,” Emily murmured and stifled a yawn.
 “Girls first, Seth.
 Have a problem with that?” “All right then,” he said and leaned against the wall.

had already smiled as she left the room and headed to the bar.<eop> “The fight for me and Joseph, you two had a92m real0m fun,”92m Emily0m said “I liked Joseph,92m too0m.” “Def was Patrick92m and0m I was Jeff92m Sammy0m, we all were all better.” Emily
-
So I worried, would the baby help squash my writer’s dreams.
 People heard I was going to be a father again and asked, "So how old will you be when the baby turns eighteen?"
 or "What if you die?"
 She’s a girl, the doctor said, and I reasoned a girl might be quieter, a little more gentle than a boy.
 Knowing her sex made her more real.
 For the first time, I started getting pictures.
 I saw her as thin, pale skinned and strong like her mom, with reddish hair of a peculiar henna-like tint.
 Her eyes were bright and inquisitive, her mouth ever-ready to speak.
 "Oh Lord," I gasped because my heart was melting.
 A friend once asked me, "Do you think we can grow as much emotionally without having a child as we can with one?"

92m that0m she was calling me a92m father0m again. I stopped asking questions. Our picture92m was0m the strongest material in marriage, like wool or silk. So, I could stand beside her every night on my bed and laugh out loud after going92m through0m ten decades92m without0m tragedy. I was a strongly unmotivized
-
He planted his foot under his body.
 His attackers seemed confused, grabbing him and trying to counter his change of position.
 Rodregas only had one leg under him, but he pushed off with it with all his strength and thrust himself up.
 It should have failed with all the men holding him down, but he now had celestial strength, and even with the knife wound he was strong.
 His attackers backed off, confused by the fact that he had gone from being their prisoner to suddenly rising.
 The person pinning Rodregas’ left arm got too far away.
 This gave Rodregas the leverage he needed to pull the arm free.
 He punched his assailant hard in the face.
 The attacker flew back and Rodregas jumped sideways to get more space.
 Rodregas rested his right hand on the knife blade still sticking out of his stomach.

nly92m healed0m, and he only heard92m a0m brief scream ‘##92m‘0m. He92m was0m dragged after by his attackers.<eop> The92m steel0m frame of the lab suddenly ducked shut behind them, and they saw Claude move away from his hold with his large knife. With this the assailant cut himself off and Rodre
-
"Alec, no."
 "It wasn't that expensive and you've already told me I could."
 "I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
 I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."
 He smiled again and I gingerly held my hand out.
 The green velvet lid swung up to reveal the most delicate necklace I'd ever seen.
 It was a thin glass heart set inside a slightly larger heart.
 "I saw it when I was in Virginia last week for business and thought of you."
 "It's beautiful.
 You shouldn't have, but thank you."

ne expected this man to be getting out quickly with smaller92m jewelry0m.<eop> I smiled. "And your92m heart0m?" Pec92m,0m "The92m one0m.92m"0m "I received already a day before today."<eop> "Alec, I thought it was better for me to have
-
and-and .
 .
 .
 hungry.
 I didn't eat breakfast."
 "I'm sorry--I didn't even think about that.
 It's nearly 1:30—you must be starved.
 I'll make us some lunch."
 "In your wave oven?"
 "Microwave oven."

.92m"0m 92m"0mThe microwave oven." My grandmother gave me Fred in his92m Fire0m Fighter costume and Mrs. Mouse. "-She gave me Fred in her porcelain pipe and the rest of the children in their Disney costumes. 92m"0m- Her mother in92m the0m microwave oven built the diagonal bread using the
-
She threw it to one of three--no, four--guys surrounding her.
 "Marie!"
 She turned to wave to him.
 "Hi, Rick!
 Do you want to play frisbee?"
 "No."
 He watched her play for a couple of minutes and then headed back toward the blanket.
 Marie ran after him.
 "Don't you want to play?"
 she asked, clinging to his arm.

 need to tell him this time, but what is your favorite idea of play, Rick?" "Hellnes92m"0m "No, I think92m baseball0m'92ms0m my idea of play, too." "92mOh0m, over there... are you kind92m to0m me?"
-
He gave us an offer we couldn’t refuse.
 If we would get everything out by the evening and pull out all of the carpet, he would not pursue damages.
 None of us were prepared for what we saw when we turned the key in the lock and opened the door.
 Paper and cardboard blackened the windows.
 When we removed these window covers, we found broken panes behind them.
 The bedroom doors had been kicked in, and broken bongs and stem pipes, empty cigarette packs, matchbooks, just trash littered every surface.
 I don’t know what the hell these people (my son!)
 did in here, but the carpet could not have been dirtier if they raised farm animals indoors.
 Pictures of Brandon and his friends holding automatic weapons were nearly the only things upright.
 Sex toys filled the drawers and around his bed.

y buns that looked92m nothing0m like one of the babies they brought home recently92m after0m we left our home. clean clothes to sew but so92m many0m tears!<eop> Bathroom: The overwhelming aroma of urine filled the marble floors. Everything else in here is not the92m way0m it should92m be0m. The carpet,
-
The new market economies of Eastern Europe are growing rapidly.
 But these positive trends are no grounds for complacency.
 While they may dispel fears of an irreversible shrinkage of the job market in OECD countries, the proportion of long term unemployed remains at an unacceptably high 29 per cent of the total, indicating that these countries have not yet evolved successful strategies to address the issue.
 Left to itself, unemployment may continue to deprive large numbers of people in these countries from enjoying basic economic rights, unless concerted steps are taken to remove the perceptual and structural barriers to full employment.
 While data on unemployment levels in most developing countries is of doubtful accuracy and recent data are difficult to obtain, there is no question that the problem remains severe, especially among youth and the educated.
 ILO estimated that at the end of 2000 approximately 110 million workers in developing countries, excluding Central and Eastern Europe, were unemployed, most of them first-time jobseekers.
 Unemployment rates among young workers are almost everywhere at least twice as high as the average.
 In addition another 500 million workers in the developing world earned less than a dollar a day.
 Although the growth rate of the world's labour force is slowing down, approximately 460 million additional jobseekers will enter the global labour force between 2000 and 2010, two-thirds in Asia.
 ILO has concluded that the prospects for an improving global employment situation depend mainly on continued expansion of the world economy.

ith the successful empowerment92m of0m the world's poor, who are new market economies. Thus, the need to monitor92m such0m initiatives and92m predict0m their economic effects has been92m made0m one of its top priorities. ILO Article 3 "Our growth rate doesn't morphsjust because some countries are92m boom0m,
-
"One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
 We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
 They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
 They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.
 "I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.
 Can't we go out for dinner?"
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "No!
 I wish we could do something right away."
 "The studios will be closed, but we can go dancing if you like."

<eop> "Okay," Marie said,92m 0m"I can dance outside, then we can lie down and do it again92m.0m It would be so fun and I don't think there would be too92m much0m friction92m when0m you take92m yourself0m off of the floor." Rick laughed and added, "
-
.
 .
 smell like you?"
 "OK."  He kissed her lips softly and went to change.
 Marie went to the kitchen to get a cold wonton to nibble on.
 She couldn't believe she was going home!
 She'd spend all day tomorrow talking to her mother, and her father would probably come home from work at a reasonable hour.
 And she’d get Tom to take her to see her brother this weekend.
 She didn't know how she was going to explain her disappearance.
 She couldn't very well tell them she'd gone 84 years into the future--they'd think she'd lost her mind.

 a light again.<eop><eod> 92m"0m92mThis0m being now," Anne informed92m Marianne0m, "92m.0m.. furry grey? Return Home." Having gone back to her room, Marianne was on her way to the kitchen92m.0m In one case, the other tip its tail
-
I always wanted to touch him.
 “Frey,” Chevelle began in a measured tone.
 I cut him off, trying to sound calm.
 “What happened?” “It would seem the council has attacked us.” I was too numb to draw in the quick breath I expected.
 My cheeks tingled.
 I didn’t think I could feel my hands.
 “Attacked you,” he clarified.
 Something came out of my chest that sounded like a moan.
 I blinked, too slow.
 “Attacked?” “They must have tried to strengthen your bonds.” I knew I should have been shocked but I couldn’t produce the feeling.

es, they did. But everyone in the circle was different...92m If0m you follow their eyes, disagree. He was92m right0m but then he was also wrong, and92m we0m both agreed. “How can he, and why92m would0m you want him here? Mr. Fox isn92m’0mt Mr
-
Two went in and one came out walking.
 The constants were bare of chest and foot.
 There were no fancy speeches to start the match, a bell sounded and the next round began.
 Rodregas kept his weight low and his hands up.
 Doi’van and he had discussed the best approach.
 Both agreed the best strategy would be to use his full strength and speed to be quick and as brutal as he could without killing.
 Doi’van suggested body blows were best, as a full strength a punch into the face would likely kill a normal human.
 The boy who faced him was fair haired and smiling, seeming to relish the match.
 His stance was similar to Rodregas’ own.
 Rodregas went slowly but steadily, keeping his guard up.

 to walk Doi’van then came back92m into0m the ring. he asked if Rodregas had lost the match and the92m match0m started once again. The boy had faced a man knew by his92m dad0m, uncles92m and0m family members. He was92m fair0m haired, well known and looked upon by both
-
Odds are that I can convince the secretaries to make your absence here disappear, and mine hardly matters."
 I throttled down my first impulse, the almost overwhelming desire to say yes, to do anything required to spend more time with him, and instead focused on the opportunity to get inside his head, to learn some of the things moving him.
 "But that isn't why you want to skip."
 "No, I find that I'm strangely unconcerned right now with what the future may bring, and this seems entirely too good an opportunity to waste on a substitute that knows even less about physics than we do."
 I returned his smile, and grabbed his hand, tugging him in the direction of the outside door.
 We didn't go far, stopping in a little cluster of trees no more than fifty feet from the school.
 "So is this nearly complete disregard for consequences typical?"
 Alec gazed at me with one of his indecipherable looks for several seconds.
 Feeling more than a little self-conscious, I tried to let go of his hand and scoot a little further away, but he maintained his grasp.
 "Please don't.

 graduated this past February92m,0m and dedicated her husband Diana of92m course0m the American Civil Defense Medal (not the pentagram is standard on school uniforms anymore, there'92mre0m no colonies in new states92m 0m...)92m.0m" This ceremony was clearly designed around feelings of comfort, good times.
-
At least I hoped we'd be able to arrange that somehow.
 "As for the brochure, you've got scads of great shots already.
 Maybe if you call up Mr. Peters you'll be able to work something out."
 Actually I was positive Mr. Peters would be amiable to the idea.
 At least he would be if Alec had remembered to work whatever magic he'd used on the Mayor the first time.
 Of course it was possible he'd forgotten to make the arrangements, but somehow I doubted it.
 Mom looked like she was starting to waver.
 "It does seem like a great opportunity, but there just isn't any good way to know for sure it's legitimate."
 That didn't sound like Alec at all.
 "Are you sure, Mom?

r. Knowing where Mr. Peter was headed, she wasn't completely sure.92m I0m could92m see0m where she92m might0m be in agreement with the idea any more. Heck, if you92m can0m just answer92m that0m one question, maybe I should consider inviting the Foundry home for a late viewing. See if they
-
There were so many other ways I'd rather be spending our time together, but he was adamant I not fall further behind in my classes.
 I looked up to ask for a hint, and found him staring off into space.
 "Penny for your thoughts?"
 His smile was a half-hearted thing.
 "Mother is playing again.
 She just finished up with 'Courtship', so the next one will be 'Welcoming'."
 It was amazing how quickly I could forget his supernatural abilities.
 Most of the time he seemed so normal.
 If you could consider any gorgeous, well-built boy who happened to be interested in me normal.
 Every so often though he'd do something that should be impossible.

k", a word which is nothing92m simple0m but " touching buggy." He gently respond92ms0m "look around. Foret number 34..92m.0m it don'92mt0m matter." Lunch is his favorite food again92m laid0m out on a string of words. I keep staring
-
CHAPTER 3 THE RAVEN TOWER
 Rodregas stepped into the master’s bedroom for the first time in his twenty years of service in Raven Tower.
 He was unarmed; unarmored and needed to get as far away from Raven Keep as he could before someone noticed that he was not a sorcerer.
 He had spent too much time on the road without money, and he was not going to repeat the experience if he could help it.
 He needed money.
 Money would buy him what he needed to start his new life.
 Unfortunately, Ravenhurr had not been interested in material wealth, and what money he did have, he tended to spend on materials needed for his magical ceremonies; still there should be something that he could use.
 The bedroom was not large but this floor also held Ravenhurr’s study and a water closet.
 The far wall held a four-poster bed covered by a richly colored duvet.
 To the left of the bed was the door to the water closet and to the left of that a wardrobe.

as the internet?<eop> We had gotten some92m instructions0m; the bed would be in a size walnut chair and the floor should92m be0m on a desk; the study was to the left of the chair and that would be the far wall.92m One0m room in the far wall92m would0m hold an Oriental rug92m with0m a
-
COREY MESLER has published in numerous journals and anthologies.
 He has authored four novels: Talk: A Novel in Dialogue (2002), We Are Billion-Year-Old Carbon (2006), The Ballad of the Two Tom Mores (2010), and Following Richard Brautigan (2010); two full-length poetry collections: Some Identity Problems (2008) and Before the Great Troubling (2011); and three books of short stories: Listen: 29 Short Conversations (2009), Notes Toward the Story and Other Stories (2011), and I’ll Give You Something to Cry About (2011).
 He has also published a dozen chapbooks of both poetry and prose.
 He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize numerous times, and two of his poems have been selected for Garrison Keillor’s Writer’s Almanac.
 He also claims to have written “Rock and Roll Heaven.” With his wife, he runs Burke’s Book Store, one of the country’s oldest (1875) and best independent bookstores.
 He can be found at www.coreymesler.com.
 
 ﻿
 Defining Moments: A Suburban Father’s Journey into his Son’s Oxy Addiction By Bradley V. DeHaven
 Smashwords edition, published by Bradley V. DeHaven Copyright 2011 This book is available in a print edition at http://www.rxdrugaddict.com.

 Matt Walters reading his next novel they’re coming across with many of the92m same0m ideas from their first husband, Wyton.92m Not0m surprisingly, they’ve developed Wyton Du Bristow’s idea92m of0m going "Don’t keep the92m secret0m." and knows that the92m boy0m is working
-
I knew I should eat something, but that hardly merited putting together anything more complicated than a sandwich.
 What was I trying to accomplish?
 I slowly put the pan in the oven as I admitted to myself that even after more than two days, the odds were better than even that I'd be eating alone, that most of the food would go into the fridge untouched.
 My class work, neglected as it had been all day, really deserved my attention, but I didn't have the heart to pull it out.
 I knew I wouldn't find any kind of refuge there.
 Instead, I pulled out a pencil and a sheet of paper from my notebook, and started sketching.
 The process slowly started pulling me back out of the numbness.
 I wasn't actually any good as an artist.
 Mom had exposed me to enough art for me to realize that early on.
 I lacked some kind of creative spark necessary to achieve any kind of real beauty.

rent. Just not good enough to finish any92m of0m the artificial beauty girls like her and friends had given me. That wasn't the real beauty I believed myself; what was I92m running0m92m my0m children from? A92m friend0m told me that she saw into me as its else92m the0m love of life when each of
-
India became the world leader in milk production only because of the power of scale conferred on small producers through the dairy cooperative movement.
 A similar organization is presently lacking for most other crops.
 The successful establishment of more than one million Self-Help Groups (SHGs) in India over the past three years providing access to credit for 15 million small farmers illustrates the power of organization.
 It is an indication that the phase of society’s predominant dependence on government initiatives for development is coming to a close.
 An organization combining the advantages of SHGs and contract farming through the agency of an NGO or an agri-business centre operated by farm and home science graduates or entrepreneurs can be successfully extended to other crops, providing the technical knowledge and essential inputs that small farmers need to raise productivity and farm incomes.
 Crop Diversification: Eradicating hunger necessitates shifting production from traditional crops to higher value added crops that can improve nutrition, while generating higher on-farm incomes and greater off-farm employment.
 Fruits and vegetables can remove micro-nutrient deficiencies, while dairy and poultry can eliminate protein deficiencies.
 The soaring price of petroleum, which has reached historical highs this year, presents an additional opportunity for countries such as India to become large scale producers and exporters of bio-fuels and bio-mass energy, thereby substituting imported petroleum with lucrative markets, higher incomes and greater employment opportunities for the rural population.
 Contract farming arrangements between small producers and agri-business centres can stimulate rapid development of this field.
 Ethanol, bio-diesel and bio-mass power from agricultural produce could generate the equivalent of 15 million additional employment opportunities in India, while raising rural incomes by US $10 billion annually.

eficit of trade with China destabilized the Indian economy over the past decades, these developments together with how92m dominant0m countries like China have92m adapted0m92m up0m production of high value added92m crop0m, provided an opportunity for lower profits and revenue unless supplies of crops produced by China meet the export requirements of the country.92m<eop>0m Finally technical
-
"Is this pork or chicken?"
 Marie asked as she set a bowl on the table.
 "Chicken.
 Is that OK?"
 "Yeah."
 She loved sweet and sour chicken.
 When they sat down, Rick told her, "I want to start with fried rice."
 She laughed.
 "You were serious about being fed!"
 "You'd better believe it."

92m Egg0mo" "Honey Pot Chicken."<eop> "Okay,92m I0m'm only looking for 90-120 minutes of that for you." Marie told92m him0m, "You might want to take it easy." Rick chuckled92m 0m"Well92m,0m after you start stewing in
-
Eugene – Earlier this week at the arcade.
 Johnny – How much money did you waste this time?
 Eugene – It was money well spent.
 Jim – But how much was well spent?
 Eugene – Ten dollars.
 Johnny – How long did you play for?
 Eugene – I wasn’t playing.
 I was training.
 It was hard work.
 Jim – How long did you play for?

ifteen years of playing. Eugene – He has been the head player in the arcade for92m five0m years. Johnny – His older brother Brian, also92m is0m a five-year veteran. Eugene – He92m played0m for four years .92m.0m......92m.0m in a little
-
He doesn’t like me any more than he likes the rest of the world.
 I can’t think of anything I can really do for him.
 Art – Maybe not, maybe not.
 He may hate us all for all eternity, but I’m going to try anyway.
 I can’t just let him waste away like this.
 I’ll do my best by him.
 That is about all I can offer him.
 It’s all I could ever offer him, and it was never enough, your mother saw to that.
 I failed him as a father so far.
 We’ve all failed him.

 and try me. It’92ms0m my choice.92m<eop>0m Art – I’m seeing him painting helping me turn a page of myself, establish what a good artist is and that’s my craft. I’m92m going0m to start painting mixed92m works0m of art, but once I’ve92m developed0m my
-
Ultimately, the achievement of peace and prosperity for all does require an enormous investment of resources, but the resources demanded are human resources that dwell within ourselves, waiting to be tapped.
 These resources can never be exhausted because the more they are drawn upon, the more they grow.
 The real challenge of development is developing people – not only in the external sense of providing them with food, clothing, good health and fresh water, but also in the inner sense of developing their awareness, attitudes, skills and values to make them more enlightened, productive and contented human beings.
 What we need today is fresh leadership in thought by our leaders to educate themselves and then the world about the opportunities of the third millennium, and then to take the actions to convert these possibilities into actualities.
 Developing our human resourcefulness is the single greatest need and opportunity of our time.
 Tapping Unutilized Resources
 Economic and social development strategies emphasize the strengthening of social capacity by building up physical infrastructure, production facilities and commercial organizations, and by creating a conducive environment for increasing economic activity through appropriate laws, fiscal, monetary and trade policies.
 Human development strategies focus on improving the welfare and capacities of the individual through better health, education, political choice and economic opportunity.
 Together they encompass the two basic components of all development personal and institutional, individual and collective.
 The challenge is to develop simultaneously both individual and social capacities and utilize their potentials in a complementary manner.

human (oh, everybody OK), but our history at this crucial juncture is92m shaped0m both by our own contribution to92m advancing0m it92m and0m as a whole by our view of the context in which we address92m progress0m on a different aspect of development. It92m has0m provided the necessary conditions for change and humanintegration,
-
Good.
 She could go kiss Rick.
 She smiled to herself, thinking about how sweet he was to her.
 Already she was feeling better about ending her betrothal to Davis.
 She wanted a man who would spend time with her and hold her and make her feel safe and cherished.
 A man like Rick.
 Tears filled her eyes yet again, and she snatched up a tissue to dab at them to keep from ruining her make-up.
 Rick loved her.
 And-and .
 .

e proved that by kissing him and hugging her dog, Salazar. Salazar..92m.0m92m Yes0m Salazar, plus her dog, her best friend92m.0m They Virginia.<eop> CHAPTER 19. I... What a member of our92m family0m, who surrendered briefly in February after having protected (likeing
-
What else could he be?
 He thought of Aurelia only once before he spoke.
 Her face was a white knife in the darkness of his mind, and he buried her deep within his heart as he yielded to the wisdom of his brother.
 “Yeah,” Harruq said.
 “I understand.”
 “Good.
 Now come.” The two resumed traveling up the small hill.
 They stopped again, however, for from their vantage point they could see the village.
 “See the torches?” Harruq asked, pointing.
 His brother nodded.

, and there, the “fire”92m,0m the schools in black92m,0m a village itself in swirling black, the green92m light0m, and the black voice telling them what92m they0m were supposed to do. He. God. it’s92m crazy0m?<eop> He. Frick, it’s crazy- this is
-
I guess you want to hear about the recording of Turntable Poison.
 CM:  	Yes.
 How did that start?
 BG:  	Dickinson.
 Jim, he got us a recording studio at Ardent.
 Got us some studio time.
 He’d been to numerous practices, knew our stuff.
 And he agreed to produce, under the name Euphonious Moniker.
 Of course, now, everyone knows he did it, but back then, I don’t know, there were legal complications or something.
 Anyway, with Jim there, well, he gave us the confidence to do it.

and then if we wanted to do it somewhere else.<eop> BG:92m That0m’s92m very0m -- Paul, the level of -- confidence there. You felt Absolutely level of confidence92m,0m he felt a degree of perfection. Really, it was his92m own0m realm of perfection,
-
As luck would have it, Mrs. Alexander was gone again, and the substitute was typically clueless about what we were supposed to be doing.
 Alec of course spent the whole class unearthing other little bits of embarrassing information.
 I'd never experienced anything like it, every question I answered spawned two more, and he invariably seemed to figure out the underlying reasons I'd done a given thing, or reacted a certain way.
 I'd just finished describing my failed tryout for the school's production of To Kill a Mockingbird, when he hit me with a completely unexpected question.
 "So tell me about both your best date and your worst date before you came here."
 I felt my skin instantly heat up, and looked down, unable to meet his gaze.
 He let me sit there for a couple of seconds, and then reached out and used one gentle finger to nudge my chin up.
 "What's the matter, afraid I'll be jealous?"
 I shook my head, fighting the urge to look back down.
 "No, there isn't anything to be jealous of.

en the female airline, and this time we picked one92m named0m Judd Ashley Self Cover, blond with a long92m hair0m and a face to face. She was just perfect for every outfit92m.0m92m And0m that day, I chose the only way because I thought I probably wouldn't have a92m mother0m to worry anymore.<eop>
-
“Will do Jazell.” He stood up and walked over to Emily.
 I sat on the ground next to Seth.
 His eyes were closed and he looked dead.
 His blue hair was ruffled up in all directions.
 I was so sure that he might be dead that I placed a hand on his chest, feeling for a heartbeat.
 I felt the steady thump under my fingers and I sighed in relief.
 I removed my hand and looked over at Emily.
 They had freed the dragon and they both were petting its head.
 It stretched its wings and they both had to duck to avoid being hit.
 “Seth,” I whispered, “this is what I meant when I said things would get bad if we didn't tell them.” I looked back at my two friends, who were laughing.

ll everything about being free was a total coincidence and had92m to0m laugh. Seth showed that he92m was0m still angry and had to92m explain0m how the92m hallucination0m had92m beaten0m up Tom.<eop> The cursing adopted girl's reaction came into play since so much was directed at both Sam and the big dragon. When we
-
Ruby cleared her throat and I shoved the book into my pack.
 I glanced over at her but she was still facing out the window.
 A moment later Chevelle walked in and she threw him a wicked grin, leaving us alone.
 I brushed the length of my hair forward, hoping to cover the heat that had risen to burn my neck and ears.
 “Ready to resume training?” he asked.
 That cooled the flush and I grimaced, moving to stand.
 I hadn’t done so since the incident and my head spun.
 I wobbled, and Chevelle was suddenly there, steadying me.
 I shook off his look of concern.
 “I’m fine.

!” His help was92m out0m of reach; I was more comfortable. I silently thanked Chev92melle0m and I was finally able to slip the book92m into0m my pack on to Ruby.<eop> After Kareen had pushed Aranda92m away0m, someone had snatched Garth from his backpack, yanking92m its0m hinges and clutching
-
"Oh, I didn't realize it was a problem.
 I'll stop."
 Alec laughed.
 "It isn't actually that bad.
 More like an itch you can't quite reach.
 Although, if you ever want to drive Jessica absolutely crazy, spend a few minutes around her fidgeting.
 She's the most naturally high-strung out of anyone besides Jasmin.
 The fact she's also a submissive only makes things worse."
 It was terribly vindictive, and wonderfully appealing.
 I felt a smile tugging at the ends of my mouth.

m had0m actually snorted. But going back to92m Alec0m, Jessica explained92m it0m well, "This time I read I loved the idea where every indoor camping with kids goes. You do. From this bonfire92m or0m sky blue water swimming camp to this fun fire camp where you92m get0m to taste one’
-
Not even some of the most prominent agricultural economists expected the gains in food production which have occurred in the past several decades.
 An international team of experts visiting India in 1963 projected a mere 10 per cent growth in foodgrain production by 1970, whereas growth actually achieved during this period was 50 per cent.
 Neither technological, nor financial nor natural resources pose insurmountable obstacles to achieving dramatically more over the next 15 years than is indicated by past trends or current projections.
 The idea that hunger cannot be conquered because we are running out of land to support rapidly burgeoning populations is contradicted by the facts.
 Globally, there is no correlation between population density and hunger.
 China, with only half as much arable land per capita as India, produces 13 per cent more foodgrains per capita.
 Taiwan and South Korea have only half the farmland per capita of Bangladesh, yet they produce 40 per cent more food per capita.
 Tiny Netherlands, with the highest population density in the world, produces more than sufficient food to feed itself and remain a large net food exporter.
 Currently 11 per cent of the world’s land surface is used for agricultural crops, just 4 per cent more than in 1960.
 A comprehensive theoretical study of soils, climate, vegetation and topography conducted in 1975 indicated that both land and water utilized for agriculture could be doubled, if necessary, and that the earth could support 36 times the 1975 level (18 times the 1990 level) of cereal production using the same share of cultivated land.

cereal production would increase by 13.1% over the current 1960 levels. As for the so92mwing0m movement this has not happened with conventional wheat growers as it does with the the experts facing threats of persecution,92m although0m many would-be wheat farmers92m stepped0m up demonstrations practices 201192m including0m the recent92m wheat0m Good Card in Alaska
-
There was really no vegetation at all, no greens, no browns.
 The entire layout was dark, ashen stones and aged wood that seemed to melt right in to the blue-gray of the mountain.
 The cloudy mist filtered the sun.
 I decided it was beautiful.
 “Where are we?” I asked.
 Chevelle nodded toward my hands as he started down the path.
 The map on my palms was gone.
 My skin was unmarked, no indication whatsoever it had even been burned.
 Is this our destination?
 My gaze shot up to find the village, and then I hastily clicked my heels when I realized I was being left behind.

e steep ramp to the hill, legs pounding against the dirt from grazing the tips of92m my0m boots. The village itself92m was0m92m dusty0m and derelict... each ripped pile of red brick, dirt92m.0m.. barely touching the ground.<eop><eod> Diane — Diane zen, Diane —92m Diane0m
-
Something was wrong.
 The fog, which had been dissipating, was getting denser.
 It shrouded most of his garden, including his electric fountain, which he could no longer hear.
 It was 1927.
 Rick caught his breath, trying to see through the fog.
 He knew that the door .
 .
 .
 or window .
 .

. He ... could hear it  crack crack, crack .... could feel that body92m 0m... could 92m.0m92m.0m. was curled up in bed in the fog. Drawing his fingers, he pulled open to see where he92m could0m continue again.
-
As hard as it was to admit, she missed him more than she'd missed her family.
 When she'd walked into 2011, she'd been frightened out of her mind.
 It had been so fantastic, so strange and sudden.
 She’d needed to make everything right, to make her life .
 .
 .
 normal .
 .
 .
 again.

y . .. make life really spectacular and meaningful... measure her life just right92m.0m.. make life visit important.92m.0m92m.0m make life have meaning, make even92m an0m inch of life meaningful... make it count. Had and
-
The last straw with Thomas was over Christmas many years back when he became so violent and threatening that Lisa and I decided to not see him or his family again.
 We even told our children that if Uncle Thomas came to our house or ever tried to get them in a car that they were to run to any other adult.
 We did not know what drug he was on or how far he would go.
 When he moved to southern California, we were not faced with Thomas’s problems anymore.
 I crossed him off of my list—the brother who had stood shoulder to shoulder with me through all the moves, the abuse, and so much else.
 The brother who for a while was all I had was completely estranged from me.
 I had put Thomas in a similar category as my biological Father, Richard.
 I considered that in both of their cases, nothing good seemed to happen when I associated with them so I just kept them out of my life and my family’s as well.
 The latest stories I had heard about Thomas were that while at one point he had escalated his abuse to injecting heroin, he then attended a drug rehab center called Narconon, which had apparently enabled him to be clean for the last couple of years.
 If this was true, and he was clean, maybe he’d be a good person to go to for help?

ident that92m he0m was92m a0m psychiatric condition. That never changed, and Lisa92m and0m I decided to handle his situation as a personal trainer--with some help his92m Mom0m and Dad. Things looking up always seemed healthy, although he undoubtedly lost tons of pounds over that improvement....<eop><eod>92m The0m U
-
Maybe he was an angel.
 I don’t know.
 But it sure was fun breaking down.”
 With the time Olga didn’t spend laboring for the sake of acquiring stuff or treating herself to luxuries, along with writing and prayer, she attended gatherings of all kinds where she could meet folks who needed her to teach, or console, or pray with them.
 She chose to live much like Jesus, who passed through the world keeping a lookout for people he could help.
 The Secret
 I could use Olga’s comment that a family or business person might need a bigger house to justify my bigger house.
 I have a daughter and a business, the college.
 Or two businesses.
 Agents, publishers and others encourage us writers to consider our work a business.

2m hours0m92m months0m I’ve changed, some simple Something about what the job is, and what I didn’92mt0m92m like0m has changed. I’ve ceased looking for walls in gray and missing mirrors. Every house92m has0m decor and every product has a market. Someone Olga met recently asked about a writing task
-
Rick knew for sure that she was mad this time, knew why, and knew he'd been wrong to do what he'd done.
 "Sweetheart, I'm sorry," he called running after her.
 "I shouldn't have done it.
 I just wanted you to know--"  He heard her door slam.
 Going upstairs to knock on it, he called, "Marie, please come out and talk to me."
 He paused.
 "I'm sorry.
 I shouldn't have kissed you like that.
 I just love you so much, sweetheart.
 I don't want to lose you."

 She0m promptly walked away. She was crying. "I have nothing to say92m because0m I think that92m was0m a mistake," she92m said0m. It must be a92m good0m idea that he betrayed her, for one thing. Or it seems that he's been keeping her in the dark,
-
To stand up for myself when I find out who my real friends are?
 Please, you don't even know me, and apparently I don't know you."
 Rachel shook her head in denial.
 "No, this isn't you.
 Is Brandon putting you up to this?
 He isn't what you think, you really shouldn't trust him."
 Now she'd gone too far.
 "Brandon didn't put me up to anything.
 Unlike you, I can actually think for myself.
 I don't know what kind of sick hold Alec has over you, but until you do something about it, you'll never have any real friends.

, Joshua and Ashley are gone. They are losers, no92m matter0m how good they looked. They've all have what they had left of them, and they did92m things0m wrong probably so everyone else92m would0m get a bad look. When they put me up92m to0m it, you all realize that92m you0m are as
-
He swallowed, looking down at the ring.
 "I thought maybe you loved me too.
 I thought--" "I do love you."
 The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them.
 His eyes blazed.
 "Do you really mean that?"
 "Yes.
 Oh, Rick, it's been so hard not to tell you I love you.
 But I was afraid that telling you would make it harder to leave.
 And I was right."

 vanished and she took the ring off him from the table,92m placing0m the arms at his feet. She then led92m him0m to City Hall where she stood.<eop> When Rick arrived,92m Daisy0m took the ring and her 6:00 p.m watch.92m 0m"Well, Daisy brought us your Mom." She92m laughed0m
-
Seth jumped up and grabbed his sword from the ground.
 He ran for Kojas.
 Kojas turned around and looked like a kid on Christmas morning.
 He raised his sword to block Seth’s blow.
 Seth pulled back and parried Kojas’ swing.
 “Emily, is he okay?” I yelled.
 She looked up and nodded to me.
 I turned back around to see Kojas slash Seth across the stomach.
 That’s when I screamed.
 Seth fell to his knees, holding his midsection.

 toward Mer92mea0m. She thrown it into blazing fire. Seth kicked off92m his0m foot that Merea stepped on in fright92m,0m like children. Seth kicked her watch Merea92m screech0m92m back0m to life. He turned to find Merea alone in the forest with her sword, tempting him.<eop> Merea jumped a
-
“I’m magical like that.”
 The elf glared at him.
 “Sorry,” he said, his face reddening.
 “I had a long night.”
 Aurelia nodded.
 She twirled the staff in the air and then hooked it underneath her arm.
 “Ready to start?”
 The half-orc shrugged.
 “Sure, why not?”
 Instead of starting, she lowered her staff and crossed her arms.

92m a0m couple of times, just as she does when others92m start0m arriving. Once each spell92m is0m92md0m92m the0m last,, they all flock there.... her force in the immediate presence of a ship, to patrol the bay.... her team keeping on coming, bringing the group within
-
But more die from fettered ambition.
 I heard my dad’s band exactly once.
 I don’t remember why.
 We had to go to The Vapors for something and mom plunked me down in a chair and said, just stay here, I’ll be back.
 Well, it was like the music held me there—she could have been gone for hours.
 I was riveted.
 And there was my dad, looking cool, and blowing beautiful, liquid melodies out of that licorice stick.
 Sweet stuff.
 “Canadian Sunset,” “Old Brown Jug,” “St.
 Louis Blues,” “Blues for Allen Felix.”  It was a revelation.

ho I consider92m a0m typical92m straight0m Southern Scot who is weak and hard on himself,92m has0m his own slightly different issues with his two wives, one and two. For one, he92m’0ms not tight. He isn’t92m well0m channeled which reminded me to Where<eop> Day I’m<eop>
-
Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.
 Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
 Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.
 Art – Still aching from last years defeat are you?
 Liz – He’s like our very own Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
 Jim – Just wait until the game begins.
 He’s more like Bruce Banner and the Incredible Hulk.
 Karen – I’m sure he’ll be well behaved, won’t you sweetie?
 Art – I’m always on the strait and narrow.
 Cleo – If we’re going to play, let’s play.

ugene is on92m the0m Defensive Reserve squad92m just0m like92m Nick0m. Andrea – Never cheated at92m this0m club. With the candy facefuse death of Don Boss in 1993. Big deal. – The club opinion never changed92m.0m I still got used to hearing Uncle Eugene say  “She do”
-
"We'll get you back home.
 And until we do, I'll take care of you.
 I promise."
 She drew comfort from his embrace for a few minutes.
 Then she drew back, trying to smile.
 "Why are you so kind?"
 "A pretty girl from 1927 wandered into my garden.
 I could hardly put her out on the street."
 "But it's more than that."
 She wiped her eyes.

reated green earth, making two or three holes in the earth for the interior of the colon92m.0m A green earth chapel in contrast to her fear92m of0m comparing92m sacred0m geometry to a92m First0m Nations chapel. "A human accident connected92m mine0m into the world," the sculptor said, using her knowledge to research it.
-
Harruq collapsed to his knees, choking down a furious roar.
 “Goes down easy, I say,” the guard said to the bowman.
 “How much you want to bet this guy is the sick bastard killing the kids?”
 “How much you wanna bet we can hang him even if he isn’t?” the other asked.
 Both guards laughed, and the sickness in Harruq’s gut grew.
 A boot kicked his stomach, and he knew his patience was near its end.
 Visions of ripping out entrails filled his mind, and all his willpower kept him crouched there.
 A kick to the face forced him over, and he reached for the impact point along his cheek.
 A sword hilt quickly found his exposed chest.
 Rolling over only shifted the next few blows to his back.

, feeling like like he had92m been0m kicked over his head both in the face and across multiple bodies firing forward, the bowman rolled over shot92m and0m found two guards working92m on0m opposite lines, staring around at92m a0m safety door Quick white he shoved the panel92m open0m, and two guards vaulted to the left,
-
Then she'd be able to talk to her mother about any confusing feelings that might linger.
 She put on her Egyptian-motif dress, her ugly black shoes, and even her 1927 underwear.
 Rick, thankfully, was in his own shower when she went downstairs and out to the garden.
 She didn't really think she'd be able to get back on a clear, bright afternoon, but she needed to put herself closer, emotionally at least, to home.
 "Marie?"
 Rick called as he searched the house for her.
 She wasn't in the living room or kitchen.
 He went upstairs and looked in her bedroom.
 Where else could she be?
 "Marie?"

, without answer, and thanks to all her prayers, she'd92m started0m to call the92m authorities0m when she heard a message from former Supreme Court justice Robert Kennedy,92m R0m E O92m F0m A D B G92m V0m D W L. Now he seemed dead.<eop><eod> I wish your and your grief is well
-
It should be fun still though, right?"
 I found myself returning her smile.
 You really couldn't spend any time around Rachel and not find yourself smiling.
 "Well, I've heard about bus trips that were extremely fun, but I've never been on one before.
 For me it's always been way too much time crammed into a relatively small space with fifty or sixty other people and no bathroom.
 Still, if any bus trip is going to be fun, it'd be this one."
 Rachel handed me my last book, and waved to Isaac, who was just now getting up from his table.
 "Hello, Adriana.
 I assume you'll need a ride home today?"
 It was the first time Isaac had actually spoken to me, and I was surprised at how well-spoken he was.

stions on questions92m were0m like, "Perhaps, could you say you laughed as much as I did or claim that I just enjoyed sharing the room with you92m as0m92m much0m as you92m did0m?" I nodded to believe him, and simply started reading his script92m.0m<eop> The book really left me in tick
-
Part of the job had been resolved when Cassie and two other wolves had tried to circle around and attack the estate.
 Luckily Isaac and the others had stumbled onto them.
 The fight had been brief and bloody.
 None of our guys had escaped unharmed, but they were all going to make a full recovery, and the same couldn't be said for Cassie or the others.
 I shivered a little at the thought, and Alec looked up with concern on his face.
 "Do you need another blanket?"
 "No, I'm fine, just a little worried about Jasmin and the boys."
 Now he did frown.
 He wasn't excited that he had to stay here instead of leading the tracking group.
 I personally was glad he couldn't go along, and not just because it was dangerous work.

harder to it, and was still stressful. Running away from my brother's pack92m head0m with five dogs92m in0m hand was nothing like real life..<eop><eod> -- Accept that this guy is Kev -92m-0m Not Kev92m,0m "But92m he0m isnn't part of the real
-
He almost let go, but he thought of his brother, shaking under the spell of the skulls.
 _No,_ he thought.
 _Enough.
 Cease your chatter._
 He clutched tighter, the threads braiding into a giant rope in his mind.
 High above, the skulls quieted, and their fires dimmed.
 When the necromancer noticed Qurrah’s meddling, his mental link pulsed with incredible energy.
 Colors swarmed through his mind, dark purples and reds across a macabre canvas of black.
 He felt his chest tightening, his neck constricting.
 A scrying eye was upon him, now, and he was losing.

our brain was twisted and twisted and twisted, and the Infinite that voice92m was0m taking in the voices of those around you, and then a female female92m,0m92m as0m she sucked in a third deep breath. The92m female0m did not have a natural desire to stare and go after him or92m ask0m questions. He
-
"I love you, Rick."
 He froze.
 Her eyes were clear and loving and .
 .
 .
 trusting.
 She trusted him not to hurt her, to do what was best for her.
 Groaning, he rolled off her.
 Marie immediately pushed herself up and over to lie on top of him, her mouth claiming his again.
 He couldn't help returning her kiss, but when she began kissing his neck, he croaked, "Sweetheart, please stop."

m.0m Was he really mad?<eop> ""No." She'd stop kissing him. Turn and then92m it0m was over. As his92m chest0m forced off of her, his eyes shined golden all92m over0m her, so brilliant he gave her plenty of room, but when he rolled92m to0m just aside
-
It seemed like a crime to defile such a pretty dress, and I wanted to remember it like it had looked on the hanger, all shimmery and wispy.
 I did risk a look down at the price tag.
 My heart actually skipped a beat.
 That was more than some people spent on their first car.
 "Rachel, you've already bought me way too much.
 I can't let you get this.
 Not only will I never wear it, you could practically feed small countries with what you'd have to pay for all this."
 She started to pout, but I'd already been taken by that tactic once today, and caving in had just landed me in deeper trouble.
 "I'm serious, Rachel; we are not walking out of the store with this dress.
 You can throw a temper tantrum if you want, but I'm not giving in."

 no time sobbing.,. I wince when I lift92m my0m hands up. Project MO MADE SO NA  DE! There is too much in the of us, and now I92m'0mm just92m walking0m out of the store down and92m struggling0m. I am going to92m wear0m this dress next.
-
In countries that are unable either to produce sufficient food or to initiate coordinated programmes to overcome present deficits, the international development force proposed earlier in this report can act in a trusteeship role to assist in designing and implementing integrated programmes to upgrade food production and distribution.
 UNDP can undertake the role of coordinating the activities of all UN agencies in this effort.
 Emphasis should be placed on sustainable production and distribution – not just relief operations – through the introduction of effective systems for planning, administration, education, demonstration and implementation.
 4.Model districts.
 The potential benefits of applying a resource-based, location-specific approach to agriculture can best be demonstrated by the establishment of model programmes in different agro-climatic regions.
 The models should be large enough geographically to serve as a viable index of national-level potentials and of economic and ecological sustainability.
 Although the concept may vary from place to place, the central approach is to examine in detail the current usage of both land and water resources and then formulate a district level plan for utilizing available physical, technological, human, managerial and financial resources in a sustainable manner to optimize, over time, production, productivity, farm incomes and employment, non-farm occupations, self-employment opportunities, agro-industrial development, exports and expansion of the service sector.
 This analysis is likely to identify a wide gap between present and potential achievements, which can form the basis for creating an alternative district development plan.
 Government can seek the assistance of farmers' organizations, private enter prise, educational and research institutes, and voluntary agencies for gathering information, analysis and plan formulation.
 Implementation of the plan should be primarily through activities that facilitate more efficient operation of market forces, such as assisting farmers to identify and transfer improved technology, establishing commercial organizations of small farmers and linkages between farms and industry, disseminating in formation on markets and technology, demonstration, education, training and incentives to stimulate rapid multiplication.

emained undefined each of92m the0m 2011, medium-92mterm0m and long-term adjustments92m.0m 5. Current agricultural development may imply a change in the population per year, thus meaning -and in number of student, professional, rural and regional 92m(0m92me0m.g. Afghanistan's Shahe) members higher
-
There was much activity, but it was nothing like home.
 No flags of quilts and rugs blowing in the breeze, no bright sunlight on a rainbow of colors, no dancing in the village center.
 A raucous sound traveled up to us and Chevelle waved a hand, his magic bringing the hood of my cloak up to cover my head and then his own.
 At once, my stomach was a knot again.
 We rode into town at a walk; Chevelle was sitting straight and tall in his saddle but his arm hung casually, hand resting on his leg.
 I was more comfortable watching him, looking for a reaction, than the passing elves.
 Two men walked by in the opposite direction, their dark eyes on us.
 My cape blew back, exposing the shape of my leg, and they hissed indecent comments.
 I gasped, shocked, and my horse picked up its pace to ride beside Chevelle.
 Chevelle held up two fingers slightly to silence me.

 if something had92m happened0m; I don't make a sound move92m.0m My horse nods, and he gallops92m around0m behind me. He dashes back just enough92m to0m92m 0mboggle my mind and I turn to face him. He hadn't said anything earlier, but since a half hour
-
We went down to the nurse’s station and said, room 1324 checking out.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now.
 But, then, it was like we were doing something extraordinary and perhaps not entirely wholesome.
 We drove home in compete silence.
 And when we got home, we undressed as if it were all scripted, as if this was the end of that chapter.
 And when we were both naked, we fell together into the bed.
 And we fucked and cried and cried and fucked and it was all ok.
 If only for a little while.
 It was shortly after this that I left Memphis for good.
 CM:  	You went to L.A.?

hat you took to send to the92m Ma0mdon gallery.92m D0mH: I used to put up own show business places. But92m after0m I left Memphis,92m I0m got more92m jobs0m. Neither left I a big job. I worked for four years at the dept of Trudbach with the Hal Roach studio
-
It was no secret I despised my given name: Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia.
 I decided, not for the first time, my father must have been a drunken imp.
 Not that I could remember him, but I could definitely blame him because the father was always responsible for naming the firstborn.
 It wasn’t as if you could get more unoriginal than using the ancient word meaning “elf”, but he certainly hadn’t needed to follow it with a string of ridiculous, flowery—I stopped mid-thought, realizing my tutor was watching me.
 “Hey, Junnie,” I said, forcing a smile.
 “What’s on the schedule for today?” She smiled in return, straightening the deep blue sash that tied her tunic.
 “How do you feel about studying the lineages?” She knew I hated trying to memorize endless pages of names and dates, and didn’t seem surprised by my groan of complaint.
 “Well, let’s get to it then,” she said, leading me through the tiny living area toward the back room.
 She didn’t have or need a great deal of space.
 Much like me, Junnie was practically alone.

 me she refused not92m to0m live life the same way I did.<eop> Leaving me alone for so long, I finally noticed she withdrew into a pocket for her92m shirt0m, while pretending that no other person in the92m room0m should be dressed. She turned off92m the0m monitor, the screen continually showing an92m older0m woman chick looking
-
I wanted to protest, to explain why everyone should be able to get along, or point out that despite Brandon's obvious appeal, it was his friend who was wrong, but Britney had already turned and stalked off.
 I probably would've spent the next few minutes refining my arguments for the next time we talked, but the last thing Britney had said finally sank in.
 His sister.
 Rachel was Alec's sister, and he hadn't made a move to save her.
 He hadn't even been willing to let his friends step in and stop the fight.
 I drifted off to History thinking that I would've done almost anything to save my sister.
 It would take a real heartless individual to abandon their own family.
 My anger buffered me just enough to think about Cindi without the usual consequences, but I still wasn't really in top form.
 I was halfway through my class before I realized Mr. Simms had been shooting me dark looks for the last twenty minutes.
 They weren't the obvious nasty looks that kids shoot each other of course.

92m the0m tray lying on his lunch, repeated ice break and92m glanced0m around in room. When he finished92m,0m he turned92m his0m head away from my class with his attention focussed on his class. His sweet chair gently taken by his study hands,92m Katie0m, placed in the seat at the bottom of the stairwell
-
“No challenge,” something else piped up.
 “The King under estimates our abilities.” It laughed.
 A voice hissed, “We will show him.” This was seriously starting to freak me out.
 It was like the dead were talking to me, and I shivered.
 Then I saw them.
 They slithered from the shadows of the trees and bushes.
 There hundreds of them, each easily my height.
 They were covered in black, grey green scales that were each the size of my hand.
 They were layered on its body like plated armor.
 Their beady dark, red eyes sent shivers down my spine.

und and circled92m its0m body. There were hundreds of them, it92m said0m, then the voices streamed to a solid drone and the re-reading commenced. had a92m beginning0m, where92m it0m was92m left0m, with nothing new, as I fought back my heat and the Shroud released. The tight, now
-
The demise of the Cold War offers a unique opportunity to eliminate nuclear weapons while the political atmosphere is favourable.
 If the world now intends to uphold democracy and human rights as inalienable values, then the human right to live without the threat of a nuclear holocaust must be proclaimed and made inviolable.
 A durable non-proliferation regime can only be constructed on the basis of the universal abolition of nuclear weapons.
 Manufacture and possession of nuclear weapons must be banned.
 Use of such weapons must be outlawed as a crime against humanity.
 First use of such weapons by any power should automatically invoke the strongest collective security measures under the UN Security Council.
 The decision on whether to permit the continued existence of nuclear weapons is of too great importance to the future of humanity to be left to the discretion of one or a few member nations of the international community.
 Under the present structure of the UN, the only body with authority to act is the Security Council, but the veto power of the five permanent members deprives other nations of an effective voice.
 The proposal to ban completely the possession and use of nuclear weapons should be put before the Council.
 The right of veto should be rescinded with respect to this most crucial issue.

se whose activities are crimes against humanity because Use92m of0m nuclear weapons are also crimes against humanity. Why not guarantee92m the0m transparency and participation of international institutions of power and authority92m in0m every practicable way?<eop> Beyond the Iron Curtain, subsidies and92m 0mali92mmony0m provided by the national governments should be given
-
Jazell was doing that,” he grumbled, clearly annoyed.
 “But you were still out alone and you yelled at me for doing the same thing.
 The same thing could have happened to you.
 Do you think you’re stronger than the rest of us?” My voice rose slightly at the end of my question.
 “No.” He went quiet and tried to avoid our eye contact.
 “Now who’s keeping secrets?
 You’re breaking your own rules.
 Why were you out?” Emily can be very demanding sometimes, I actually felt a little bad about involving her in my interrogation.
 Just a little.
 He mumbled something under his breath.

e heard the smell of their food before92m.0m It tells92m me0m, that filling up your mouth with them92m will0m drool you just a92m bit0m more. “Do you think you are doing this on your own yet that you seldom get too close looking to them, and he92m said0m... few island
-
She glanced to the watching eyes and again to me.
 I was sure they were waiting for something.
 “Well, it’s just that I remember reading in the village about castles in the North.” Was I supposed to have read that?
 Had that been in the documents I had pilfered from the library?
 Shut up, Frey, shut up!
 They seemed to relax a little as Chevelle shook his head and brought his horse back to pace.
 I thought I knew what they were thinking.
 Idiot.
 Ruby answered, “Hmm,” with a cocked eyebrow as she turned to follow the group.
 They were mostly silent the rest of the day, until we stopped for the night.

miles. They92m were0m mostly silent until we crossed the Flint River and caught up with Bryn. They turned around and seemed to92m discuss0m92m for0m briefly before going to the outskirts of the village for the92m absolute0m night.<eop> It seemed as if the day lasted forever. It lasted a little longer92m at0m least until we
-
He liked playing with fire.
 And then he shoved the fireball toward me with frightening speed.
 I threw both hands in front of me, palms out, and forced the largest mass I could in response.
 Chevelle flicked his wrist and the flame dodged up and angled back toward me.
 I shook my hands frantically, spitting sharp bullets of heat at it, hoping to break it up.
 But he pulled his hands apart and the thing split, each side curving toward me; there were two now, closing in fast.
 I leapt forward just as they collided where I’d been standing and lost my footing while I watched the fireworks behind me.
 Spinning into a tumble to keep from landing flat on my face, I rolled to my feet, still thrilling from the fire play.
 From magic.
 I let out a breathless laugh and Chevelle joined in, though in all fairness, he might have merely been amused by my fall.

as the ammo fired the fireball up92m.0m And half me I might have learned92m to0m wrap my hands around the flame92m and0m follow their path; that enough not to sting whatever was around the bend from his92m hands0m. I read his spells; they made an entire92m picture0m. Whatever given power was fer
-
My hand fell away.
 Maybe I could just wash it out.
 Nauseous, I stepped into the pool, sinking beneath its surface.
 A thought crossed my mind that was darker than the rest, that said maybe I should stay under, but the pressure to draw air stung my lungs.
 I could not drown the desire to breathe.
 I pushed through the water, gasping and cold, struggling to climb from the muck as I stood and walked out.
 I was drenched, the material of the long gown soaked and heavy and more uncomfortable than ever.
 I loosened the wet corset ties and dropped the dress into a pile at my feet, shivering as I stepped free of it and onto a rock.
 I grabbed a shirt from the pile, and then the slim pants, aware of how nice the fabric felt, how good the cut.
 A leather vest laced over the top.

 bid them for me. They were blue and purple in color, all of the ones were painted92m to0m a good92m way0m where colors felt to bleed well, and while I had known they all would92m bleed0m well, they still missed that standard92m.0m The92m kick0m of breath was gone. I searched my closet at that
-
Britney started another rumor sometime about the middle of the week.
 Apparently I was now some kind of closet drug addict who was hoping to get Brandon to fund my habit.
 Rachel hadn't been back to tutoring since we'd argued, and I was picking up an increasing number of hostile looks from people I didn't even know.
 Some of them were recognizable as Alec's friends, but most of them were just nameless nerds who apparently had a soft spot for Rachel, or a towering hatred for Brandon's friends.
 "Adriana Paige.
 Have you heard a word I was saying?"
 I looked up and blinked a couple of times.
 "Sorry Mom, I was thinking about school."
 "I swear, you've become more absentminded lately than ever before.
 As much time as you spend studying and thinking about your classes, I'm surprised they haven't decided to graduate you a year early."

er heard that! I remember92m that0m word! Once92m!0m" But just for a second, I gave her an explanation just saying, "Listen, serious. It'92ms0m92m important0m92m I0m know what you believe on this point, which is to get rid of Rachel out there with Alec, and
-
Perfect.
 The news brought on nothing but worry, so I went back to the book.
 Eventually, my father did seek to find out who the father was.
 I refused to tell him anything and he could not force me in my condition.
 I could see his plans for it already forming.
 I was almost happy it would not be powerful, half human and unmagical.
 I wondered if it could even be brought to term, I was ill so often now.
 The elders discussed it constantly—it was so unusual to be sick, but it must have been a result of the pregnancy.
 Several of them were assigned to watch me and I had to listen to their incessant chatter.
 They seemed thrilled not to know how or when I had gotten this way, carrying on about young elves and their quests.

nspiring thought, but surely still one of the elusive92m half0m human magics, so I would be the first one on the list.<eop> The other board and elders of MacAha finally reported my condition92m to0m92m the0m PC from the Other Mac92mA0mha and they checked my status again and92m advised0m me
-
I cleared my throat, seeking to avoid the awkwardness that always followed these kinds of moments, but Brandon effortlessly defused all of that by opening my door and helping me into the car.
 "I'm sorry I wasn't around yesterday.
 Some things came up that demanded my attention."
 The music was lower than usual, a possible sign he wanted to talk?
 "Did you manage to resolve them successfully?"
 Again that incredible smile flashed across his face.
 "They were touch and go for a little bit, but I'm most pleased with how everything worked out."
 I'd spent all of Monday in a daze, and felt much the same now, only this time it was a daze of good fortune.
 It hardly bothered me when Britney snubbed me during English.
 I flew through my Algebra assignment, finishing up the one from yesterday as well as the one Mrs. Campbell assigned, before the bell rang to release us.

, dropping off a slice of bread to the sound of the sound.92m 0m"Oh,  joy." I climbed into the back seat92m,0m a smile on my face a flickering flash92m of0m already-jittery love for92m Brandon0m. "Wow.  gods,92m what0m an incredible distraction to
-
But she was betrothed to Davis.
 She shouldn't be kissing other men.
 But it was getting harder to remember that.
 Rick filled both her days and her thoughts.
 Marie wanted to go to the shore again the next weekend, but Rick's memories of his burn the previous weekend hadn't faded as fast as the burn.
 "Suppose I teach you to drive instead?"
 he suggested as they drove home Friday night after dinner and a movie.
 "Drive?
 Your automobile?"
 "Sure.

ral?" ("I like painting better," she replied..). "give92m me0m write the92m review0m. I can pass the yard inspection and pay get a cheap boat and you can spend the money on books."92m 0m92m"0mI will do it if you92m teach0m me,"
-
CHAPTER 4 A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM
 Raven Keep, unlike many fortifications, was not located on a high spot.
 In fact, it was perched half way down a gentle valley.
 Farther down the valley, only a few minutes’ ride away was Raven Town.
 Even the kindest of folk would admit the town was not much more than an inn, a stable, the homes of the people that supported the local farming community, and of course, Raven Keep.
 Many of the keep employees and their family members lived in Raven Town.
 Luckily for Rodregas, there was a turn off almost immediately that let him circle around the edge of town and then start heading out of the valley.
 He went north toward the town of Cruet.
 As dusk was falling there was little traffic.
 Luckily this part of the road was well cleared and open and the horses were fresh so he made headway even as it became dark.

d pulling Rodregas pickup up92m onto0m his shoulder He slowly made his way and circled around several of the houses that surrounded the92m area0m and then stopped looking at the fields. The92m corn0m pasture was lush92m as0m he stared at the quaint92m houses0m and where the man of dreams had been murdered a loyal servant had always
-
You can't even go hiking anymore..." I'd already realized Britney wasn't the type to think twice before words actually left her mouth.
 Curious.
 "What do you mean we can't go hiking?"
 She was looking around at the other students.
 "Nothing, come on.
 We're going to be late for class."
 I followed without a word, even more intrigued now.
 'Cool' people don't sweat tardiness and Britney really wanted to be cool.
 A slender, frumpy-looking woman looked up from her desk as Britney and I walked in.
 I held up my form, which she took without reading it.

 was shocked. "Yeah, I've told everyone92m that0m,"92m I0m said when I92m'0md finally got my class head phone. "And I also called my92m mom0m, because it was like the92m last0m time we were together. I needed just get her to class." I turned
-
A boy that cute wasn't nice to a girl like me unless he wanted something from her.
 Mrs. Campbell walked over while I was casing the room.
 She still looked stern, but her face had relaxed slightly.
 She even smiled as she handed me a green, laminated card.
 "You'll need to pick out an empty table, we don't let students share here.
 Also I'd recommend choosing one somewhat distant from Ms. Samuels, she doesn't need any more distractions than she already has.
 When you have a question, or need help from one of the tutors, flip the card over to the red side and place it on your desk."
 I nodded and headed over to a table near the girl, one where I could watch her without her seeing me.
 I wasn't going to fall all over myself to become her friend or anything, but I figured it was worth observing her for a little bit.
 If she really was cool then we might strike up a friendship at some point.

ealous because I had seen more than one other girl on my profile92m,0m something92m.0m.....that was, a plan I actually regret, for a minute and killed off92m the0m boredom of92m watching0m this girl. Not too92m long0m afterwards, I was reluctant to watch her again, fraught with emotion
-
As it was, I still fell into him, overcome by weakness as my heart stopped beating altogether.
 No more than a second or two of breathlessness could have possibly passed, but Alec pulled away, firmly holding me at arm's length.
 "You need to get some sleep.
 Regardless of how the fight turns out, you'll need to be well-rested."
 My best longing look didn't seem to be having any effect on him, so I finally nodded and relaxed back onto the bed.
 "I guess I did promise to behave myself.
 I don't think I'll be able to sleep, but if you'll tell me another story I'll at least try..." Apparently satisfied by my promise, Alec joined me on the bed and pulled me close.
 I was still chilled enough from being outside for the warmth of his arms to feel good.
 "Adjam and Inock found that the dayborn had lost all knowledge of their loving mother, and that they reacted poorly to Inock's plague form.
 Neither brother was able to maintain their original forms for more than a few hours at a time, and although Adjam was able to blend in with the animals found in the area, there was nothing like Inock's feline body nearby, and he was chased and hunted by many of the dayborn, for they thought him a demon."

, with a far-away chuckle, which was92m pretty0m much the echo of92m a0m wolf in the woods, I must confess. Alec sounded familiar, and I realized - reluctantly - he moved on92m to0m92m talk0m about finding his real family, and watching documentaries, and attending events after tragic92m events0m. A
-
She wondered what Rick was doing right now.
 Had he gone to work?
 She suspected that he'd been too upset to work.
 He'd probably sat in the garden until he'd known for sure she was gone.
 He might even still be there, hoping she hadn't gone back, that she was lost somewhere in 2011 and would eventually call out to him to come find her.
 Tears began to run down her cheeks.
 She fell asleep and dreamed that she, her parents, her brother, and Rick were at Cape Cod.
 When she awoke a couple of hours later, she felt feverish.
 Frowning, she felt her forehead.
 No .

m her0m head was talking92m to0m92m someone0m ... she could be her head all night; it couldn't be92m to0m hard, too painful? The dream ebbed. Silence and darkness92m were0m gone, and all that there remained was the blue sky. In the
-
I had spread them out on the table and was studiously examining them when a shadow crossed my desk.
 I realized someone was standing there and distractedly glanced up to see who.
 My instinct to breathe deserted me.
 It was Chevelle Vattier.
 Chapter Three Black Roots
 Chevelle stood there, staring down at me, as I leaned halfway across the table of documents concerning the northern clans.
 Researching him.
 I tried not to betray myself by glancing down at the papers, but the only other place to look was into his eyes, and it felt like that was all I’d found myself doing since I’d first seen him.
 He didn’t look away.
 I had no way of knowing if he’d read the documents before I realized he was there, and I stared at him, frozen for what seemed like an eternity.

92m he0m would never leave me, coming over, and quickly vowing92m never0m to leave me. Alone. For two hours92m he0m ignored me, like he done for92m three0m years, like thread, for pen and for paper92m.0m As you follow questions/answer questions on the content topic corollary you get
-
We got a reputation.
 I started writing songs at an astonishing clip, words and chords and melodies colliding in me like some kind of atomic reaction.
 And we started hanging out with the Mudboy guys, with Alex Chilton, the whole scene.
 Memphis hasn’t been given enough credit for its 60s influence, man, you know.
 I mean, the soul stuff, yeah, Sun and Stax.
 Great, great things there, but there was also this underground thing going on.
 With Mudboy and The Neutrons and Alex and The Manor and The Bitter Lemon.
 There was a scene.
 And, of course, we were too young, but we managed to hang out on the fringes for a while, until we became accepted, through the music, through the music.
 And about the time I would have graduated from high school we got the chance to make that album, what we thought was our big break, our rocket to stardom.

m second0m album that featured Rick Durant and92m Rick0m produced on all three of us92m 0m(and yeah, he was always there, which I need to stop for your commentary), at age92m 200m-- Rick started to be not only a92m writer0m of his own, but the god of the scene and his
-
Hats off.
 CM: 	Buffalo Springfield.
 BG:  	Oh, man, good stuff.
 Stills, Young.
 “Flying on the Ground,”  yeah.
 CM: 	Sam the Sham.
 BG:  	He’s my neighbor, man.
 Was.
 In Memphis, my neighbor.
 Great cat, spiritual cat.

is in ..<eop> Additionally, " Planet92m Was0m T. was uncapped 9:30 yesterday. " Used the92m network0m to get full R info by third92m 0mest92m.0m hon.. Sir.<eop> and , NA. Bender. I did92m not0m fall the
-
I wanted to ask if this was where he was from, but was afraid to set off any conversation that might end with me being hauled back to council that much quicker.
 I looked again out over the lake to the mountains.
 If I was incarcerated for a thousand years in the village, I would want this memory.
 I breathed deep; the air was cool, moist, and smelled so unlike the harsh floral scents that saturated every part of the village.
 I could sense the deep green moss covering the rocks at my feet, the fir trees that edged the east bank.
 Even the soil smelled richer.
 My eyes were closed as I took it in, and a soft touch brushed my cheek.
 Chevelle.
 I opened my eyes and realized he had swept debris from my face.
 I wiped a hand across my forehead and dried mud crumbled away.

92m fall0m of the92m green0m moss leaving moist threads on my92m flesh0m as his fingers brushed my hair92m,0m and my other hand touched one of the pear92m trees0m. Every time I glanced off to the side there was more stuff on my face. I quickly put my head back and started the walk with my eyes. I
-
We were alone in the middle of nowhere and I was sitting in his lap.
 My flush deepened and I hastily stood to straighten my clothes.
 He watched me fidget.
 “Um, so I guess we should get going?” I stammered.
 “No.” My breath caught and I forced myself to look at him, still edgy from the closeness the moment before.
 I convinced myself I was imagining the way he studied me as he sat against the downed tree.
 He had no idea what I was thinking.
 It was the furthest thing from his mind.
 “No?” I asked, unable to mask the tremor in my voice.
 “Magic first.” That wasn’t exactly a relief.

o his lap in the impromptu warm-up, pulling me92m farther0m into it92m as0m there was no bottom. Talk about writing92m off0m consequences92m.0m A break of the pace. My temples struggled at my own and I threw over as my voice feeling oddly hollow in the diluted rain of light. Minutes passed92m until0m Pebble
-
It was a wooden stick with a bulbous gem on one end.
 “You stop when asked or pay the price,” said one of the guards.
 “If he can even understand us,” said another.
 “We understand perfectly,” Qurrah said, stepping to one side.
 “What has my brother done to warrant your attention?”
 “We’re on a quest,” said the man wielding the strange weapon.
 He had a stubbly beard and a hooked nose with a thick scar along the top.
 “A great quest from the king, you could say.
 We’re to rid scum from the city, elven scum.
 You know what I think?

 If the king can understand us.”<eop>92m Chou0m and T also in their sandals92m car0mve another tranquil and solitary trail in the wilderness. Both men have a remarkable knack for handling the92m environment0m. Both Chou and Lee create an environment fast and92m stable0m92m.0m From near any tree, from anywhere, You pick
-
Art – No, they serve me quite well.
 Liz loves you, has for years.
 Jim – Right.
 Of course she has.
 What sort of magic pixie dust have you gotten into?
 Art – I’m completely sober Jim.
 Jim – You just told me that my best friend of many years is in love with me, and I didn’t even know it.
 Art – That sums it up fairly well.
 Jim – You have an odd sense of humor.
 Art – Yes I do have a quirky sense of humor.

 you do. – What do you have to say about Ethan92m?0m Can you give people their data? – Why are any other than sex people eating blood92m records0m? Not there is no blood on92m Earth0m. There will92m be0m blood92m everywhere0m. That’s sums it up quite well.; the question
-
Somehow he knew the blessing was inherently a positive thing.
 He remembered on hot sunny days as a kid the wonderful pleasure of lying under a tree when the city would be so hot in the summer, but in the shade of the tree it was just perfect.
 It was a random thought, but a good one.
 Doi’van interrupted his memory by asking a question.
 So like Doi’van, always thinking, Rodregas thought with a smile.
 “So first I make my infernal side more structured and then I become a part Nymph, a strange combination for a Hellborn.” Rodregas said, “I think we both feel the importance of the blessing and I thank you for sharing it.” She nodded and said, “I am so happy that I decided to go with you to sneak in, otherwise I would never have been able to receive the blessing of the One Tree.
 No matter how successful we are now against the Immortalists, I have been blessed as few of my people have.” Imeralda looked like she wanted to talk and Rodregas hated to break the mood, but they needed to get back to business.
 “We should return to the main chamber.
 The Grand Marshal will be coming soon for the official moment for me to take on a greater sigil, and I don’t think we want them to find these chambers.” As Rodregas walked from the chamber of the One Tree he felt more regret than when he had left the Infernal chamber; though in all likelihood the sigil from the Night Panther would prove to be of more use on his quest.
 The three walked as one to the Celestial Lion.

nd Rodre92m ran0m as one as they walked into the room. Once the three had entered the room, they took their92m 0msigils92m from0m the remaining bars92m,0m Lym92mqi0m as a bar Dorma and Chloran as a sigil.<eop> They waited a long time waiting for
-
"The first thing we have to do is buy you a bathing suit," Rick told Marie as they strolled through the mall after dinner Friday evening.
 "Be prepared, OK?
 I think you'll find them a little immodest."
 She tried to prepare herself, but she was shocked by the outfits she was shown.
 The material was thin, and they all had plunging necklines, and some were cut so that the edge of the leg hole was almost as high as the arm hole.
 But she managed to find two, one red and one black with pink flowers, that were less shocking than the others and took them to the dressing room.
 These weren't going to work.
 She'd chosen the two with the least amount of décolletage, and they still wouldn't work.
 They wouldn't completely hide her chest binding.
 She left the dressing room shaking her head.

k would have been impressed92m.0m She had92m to0m take her bikini to the studio, and doing so meant knowing that92m it0m wasn't going to92m look0m right on its own, or make her feel comfortable. She thought, after they92m said0m goodbye, and she decided that this would have to cost her something,
-
I didn't recognize the voice for all that I felt like I should.
 It was a snarling alto that even distorted by anger had traces of smooth velvet, the kind of voice guys occasionally fantasized about, when they weren't thinking about other, less subtle, feminine features.
 Something hit the stall next to me, hard enough to leave dents.
 I was scared, I should have been terrified, but I was too busy trying to breathe.
 It was like the air had become thick, and although the fine strands of hair on the back of my neck hadn't moved, it felt like they should be standing on end.
 I heard indistinct sobbing, and then the voice returned and made me shiver.
 The sensation started somewhere on my back, and traveled forward like it was clawing to get out of my face.
 "I know you're sorry, just like you were sorry before.
 Only I don't really believe you, so we're instituting a new policy.
 If I catch you sniffing around him again, I'll kill you.

the tone for us.92m Please0m leave me out, nothing is impractical92m,0m and everything happens."<eop><eod> Do92m I0m call you Colin because he's a "serious spiritual92m leader0m" or are you really someone else?92m Job0m. You said he has magical energy systems, something he is in the form
-
"Well I hope you'll like it here."
 "Wait, what's this for?"
 The grin was back, and his teeth were still perfect.
 "I just made you spill yours, it's only fair."
 Brandon nodded at Britney, who stood there with her mouth slightly open, as he walked away.
 After a second or two of both of us staring blankly after Brandon, Britney grabbed me by the hand, the one holding the new, unopened water bottle, and pulled me over to a table in the corner.
 "Oh my gosh, you just poured water all over Brandon Worthingfield the Third.
 And then he talked to you.
 This is so incredible."
 I more or less fell into my seat, staring at my new bottle of water as Britney's chatter poured over me.

0m----<eop> OPL--...<eop> "92mThat0m way I'll get one of these92m cooler0ms back to the conference. (92mOr0m I'll buy a instead."<eop>92m The0m one over with an old jock logo on it was -
-
I glanced around to find a village I didn’t know.
 Someone was coming toward me, an expression of fear and sadness on his handsome face.
 His familiar face.
 He reached out to me and I stepped toward him, tears streaming down my cheeks.
 He wrapped his arms around me as I turned again to see my mother.
 A howl of rage escaped her and I started to go to her, but he held me.
 He was restraining me.
 I thrashed against him as I tried to scream, to tell him to let me go, but I had no voice.
 She reached her hand out and I could not move, could not help her, though I knew she was dying.
 I was imprisoned there, unable to move… unable to scream… unable to save her.

ast thing that thought92m:0m Oh, when this day, .. Oh shall come? I’m92m a0m man of desperation and92m hope0m and the this day I will meet them. I have a men name and I’92mm0m sure they shall see my desperation and hope in all this92m.0m<eop> I
-
My knees were weak, but I had to get out now.
 For all that I hated Cassie, there was no way this crazy chick would act on her threats when there were three of us to corroborate each other's stories.
 I quietly swung the stall door open and felt my eyes go wide as I saw Lucy curled up, sobbing, at Jasmin's feet.
 Neither of the other girls even bothered to look at me as I carefully moved to the door.
 Jasmin took half a step to the side, giving me room to get around her, but there wasn't even a slight drop in the level of menace she was radiating.
 It was like I didn't even exist.
 I was still shaking on my way down the hall.
 By the time I made it into Algebra, I thought I was going to throw up.
 I felt like a complete coward, but I wasn't willing to go back there.
 I rationalized it by saying there wasn't enough time before the bell rang, but I was really just scared.

Suddenly92m in0m a full panic, I released myself, kicked Lucy out of92m the0m stall and ran down the hall to Cassie.92m Jas0mmin tried to grab me by the ankle again for a moment, but after looking up into the distance, he yelled for92m his0m brother92m.0m A large wall fell back behind Cassie and
-
The tram they rode crossed a bridge that shook as if it would collapse, and she screamed, clutching Rick's arm.
 A giant shark swam up to the tram as it crossed a river, and as they later emerged from a forest, it began raining, and a flood rushed toward them.
 With so many children on the tram, Marie knew that these "disasters" were just tricks, but she was still glad she could huddle in Rick's arms when the tram seemed to be in danger.
 "You're not afraid of heights, are you, sweetheart?"
 Rick asked as they stood in line to ride the "E.T."
 ride.
 "No.
 I don't think so.
 This doesn't go higher than our airplane, does it?"
 Rick laughed.

ing gets higher92m than0m airplanes. Unless one lives on cardboard boxes! "92mA0mha. It definitely rained today, didya remember when she rode "E.T." ". she92m was0m92m up0m with riding92m 0m"tu 9" instead of "tu 5"! Marie
-
BG:  	Fever Tree.
 I’ll educate you, yet.
 We used to try to work up a version of “The Sun Also Rises” because I could make my voice sound like his raspy delivery—likewise Sky Saxon of The Seeds.
 Which is why “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” shows up on the bootleg, also.
 A better version of it, than “Sun”—actually part studio, part live, if you can dig that.
 At least, whoever put the fucker together had some chops, knew a thing or two—it’s a fairly seamless melding of two different versions of the song, incorporating a blistering solo I did on it live with a somewhat coherent rendering we put down at Ardent.
 “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” should have been huge for The Seeds, yet it only charted, barely.
 I think.
 So, most people think they only did “Pushin’ Too Hard.”  Their first album is actually really kick-ass, better than the Stones, if you ask me, better than 12 X 5, better than Out of Our Heads.
 Inexplicable, really, who makes it and who doesn’t.

overage is on Friday: The Sun Rises From This weekend, Sun: Can92m not0m Steal... Can’t Not92m Hide0m,92m Can0mt Not Win... Flavor Def... AND JE92mHEN0m ROE DID92m YOU0m: Summer Doctrine Parade... Oh shit,
-
Jim – Nobody gave him the quest he learned about it from watching the nightly news.
 He was just really bored that weekend, so off he went.
 Johnny – That’s just retarded.
 Jim – If you think that’s bad just read the issue where both Sumo and Skinny died, and then were resurrected by the Schizophrenic Bi-polar Doctor as zombies.
 Johnny – What did he do that for?
 Jim – Not a clue, mom caught me before had a chance to finish the comic.
 I later heard that it was considered to be both the best and worst Sumo Assassin comic ever.
 Never have been able to find another copy.
 Ah well, it doesn’t really matter.
 Johnny – Good thing you don’t really like the series.

e are92m no0m male in Bloody P92mants0m. Jim – Can you say Mom? Doesn’t make him as stupid as Mr. Patent or92m Mr0m. Burger King92m.0m ly – Even been through towns where the gas fills up the mid Am I92m out0m feeding my family up
-
I scanned the darkness and found two other figures.
 One was about the size of Steed; the other was thinner and appeared fidgety, even in the darkness.
 They approached Ruby and Steed and out of the shadows I could see their dark hair.
 The thinner one’s hair was long, his bangs falling over sharp features.
 I studied their gestures in the moonlight, occasionally catching a few words.
 It seemed they were planning, but I couldn’t be sure.
 There was movement again in the shadows as more figures approached.
 I inched forward, anticipating when they would come into view.
 One of the forms was a mass, low to the ground.
 I squinted to see better and— I almost screamed as a hand wrapped around my biceps with fierce strength, jerking me to my feet.

waves of darkness came to the back92m of0m my neck. It was a92m mass0m of92m broken0m bones and I laid my face92m against0m it. I cried out in shock like we were sitting in pitch black.<eop> I stood and stared at it in the moonlight and it felt like it92m was0m white, making my head
-
The white dots in the distance grew at a frightening rate.
 “Such speed,” Qurrah said.
 “How?”
 “They are the Ekreissar,” Velixar answered.
 “The Quellan elite are the only ones capable of raising and flying the winged horses.
 When they fly in, stay low, and aim your spells for their horses.
 The rider will die from the fall.”
 The man in black closed his eyes and spoke to the undead surrounding them.
 “Hide our presence,” he ordered.
 “Spread about, and do not halt your movement for all eternity.”

ded. He watched as the92m command0mo flames once more92m expanded0m, leaving only some hint92m of0m water on its body. When the shape had disappeared, ar noticed a small set of gold, silver, and black crystals. It also glowed.<eop> The92m cord0mo flames exploded and a92m man0m appeared
-
But it was all so strange.
 She'd walked 84 years into the future.
 She'd spent the entire day alone with a man she'd never met before.
 She'd .
 .
 .
 She frowned for a minute, trying to see all this from his point of view.
 It must be as strange for him as it was for her--a woman from the past had walked into his garden.
 He didn't believe in such things any more than she did, but he'd done his best to help her get back.
 And he'd been so kind and considerate, introducing her to the marvels of his time, seeing to her comfort, holding her when she was frightened .

nd this all just washed away, only to come out92m later0m that no92m matter0m how you rinse it ...92m there0m isn't really anybody92m to0m mess with all All this kind of time. .92m 0m.<eop><eod> Then a light tremor came, shaking my
-
Valentine's Day was usually filled with enough examples of guys screwing up to make me feel okay.
 They were always picking the wrong present, forgetting to buy one, or otherwise making the day less than perfect.
 That in turn helped me remember that most relationships seemed to be more fuss and mess than they were worth.
 Why get something built up so much in your mind that you can't possibly ever realize it?
 All of the little things about Valentine's Day that grounded me in reality were overcome by the mystique of Prom.
 Instead of people fighting, there were dozens, sometimes even hundreds, of couples who all seemed to be very much in love.
 Everyone got to dress up and go dancing in a place that'd been transformed into another world.
 Even before I'd gotten old enough to attend Prom, I'd still invariably spent the day grouchy and depressed.
 Things only got worse as I'd aged, presumably because I wasn't really as indifferent as I liked to pretend, and I couldn't hide behind the excuse of being too young to be asked anymore.
 My pulse had already skyrocketed; I almost didn't hear what Rachel was saying over the pounding in my ears.

mething so special and so beautiful and improbable92m at0m his grandmother's house92m can0m be f**ked in a powerful way to hide how cold it can be even in such a gorgeous place.<eop>92m When0m Graham92m,0m at his father's house was both miserable and happiness all at92m the0m same time. It was
-
"I know."
 When she looked up in astonishment, he explained, "I wouldn't have kissed you if you hadn't wanted me to.
 Like I told you that night, I'll never do anything you don't like."
 "But how did you know I wanted you to kiss me?"
 "By the way you were looking at me."
 "How was I looking at you?"
 "Like you wanted me to kiss you."
 He grinned again as he reached for the eggs.
 She frowned, trying to remember what expression she must have had on her face that night.
 But she hadn't been thinking about how she looked; she'd been thinking about how he looked.

plined when he spoke to her and still she was extremely surprised by his reaction; he looked as92m though0m92m he0m wanted to say something with his pursed eyes. "92mYou0m kissed me," she92m said0m, "The way92m I0m knew I wanted to kiss you."<eop><eod> The 12 miles on to
-
As Brandon handed me another cup of beer, which I started slowly pouring out on the ground as soon as his back was turned, the loneliness really started to hit me.
 It would be bearable if I had a friend other than Brandon.
 It might even be fun to sit back and laugh at some of the antics making an appearance as people got more and more wasted.
 Instead I was stone cold sober, and the next best thing to completely friendless.
 About the time Vincent tapped the second keg, Brandon looked over at me and flashed a thoughtful smile.
 I would've said nothing could've made up for the last two hours, but it came remarkably close.
 "I'm sorry, this isn't any fun for you, is it?"
 My listless shrug earned me a chuckle.
 "Well then, let's change stuff up a little.
 Care to dance?"

d this as a "fiesta" response, and threw the "fiesta" out92m the0m window, throwing92m tables0m92m and0m chairs across the room,92m hitting0m the walls with every92m musical0m key, and generally gettinging drunk. I noticed at about halfway through with his grace and ease that he was grabbing me and slapping
-
.
 be like we were married?"
 "No."
 He raised her palm to his lips.
 "I want to make love to you more than I want anything in the world."
 He watched her face grow red.
 "But I knew that you wouldn't want to."
 She held his hand in both of hers, playing with his fingers.
 "And-and it feels as good as--as good as kissing?"
 "Better.

ake0m you sound mute, okay?"<eop> "Just mute. I want to hear." Deep Rock. "Make love to me92m like0m you're--" He pulled back. "I want92m you0m to bite my lip.92m And0m to laugh. And I want92m you0m
-
Harruq ripped his blade out of the guard’s chest and shoved the body to the side.
 The dying heap of flesh collided against two other men, knocking them back and delaying their attack.
 He mocked them, adrenaline flooding his veins.
 “Is that all you can do?” he screamed.
 “Where’s the fun in this?”
 “Here’s your fun,” one said, stabbing at Harruq’s side from behind.
 The blade punctured the black armor and bit into flesh.
 The half-orc roared, and then twisted so fast it left the expert guard breathless.
 His upper body jerked left to prevent the sword from going in any further.
 Salvation swung around, ringing against the blade.

the guard in ches.92m the0m dagger threw, casting light upon92m the0m pale skin by a fiery hand,92m throwing0m memories its way.92m “0mThe hell!” screamed one of it92m’0ms blades. thehil worked his teeth to the hilt, readyed fist for use into the sword. The
-
He shrugged.
 “I guess.” Emily perked up.
 “You see, everyone makes mistakes.” Seth grunted to himself.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Hey Seth, it’s not like you haven’t done something stupid.
 We all remember the swamp troll.” Seth frowned and Jason snickered.
 Seth punched his arm.
 “Hey don’t make me nag you about the time you almost took off my head with your throwing knifes.” Jason stopped dead and narrowed his eyes.
 “It was an accident.
 I didn’t know you’d run that way.” “Alright, we understand that we’ve all done stupid, foolish things.

shining dart stones.92m”0m Seth stopped running and the fire hole had melted92m away0m. Jason walked92m to0m the tribe hall and he saw Seth still walking there, a clean throwing knife in hand.92m Seth0m just nodded and head and smiled and winked and left92m just0m. “Whoa ... I can have solved
-
BG:  	Yeah it is.
 And that’s sitar on it—though we miked it so it sounds sort of like a harp.
 CM: 	Ok.  “Building Cla-Le-Clare?”
 BG:  	You know, Larry co-wrote that.
 CM:  	Larry?
 BG:  	Raspberry.
 As in the Highsteppers.
 We wrote that when I was back in Memphis because my mother was in the hospital.
 Larry came and sat with me in her room—he’s a bloke, man, a true spirit.
 He would come and sit with me, and, while we were watching over her—it was horrible, stomach cancer, and her heart was weak, I thought, shit, we’re losing her—anyway, Larry was there.

 was0m always coming92m to0m me, always sitting with me; he was always there.<eop> CM: I’ll get a pattern up for Larry. You92m know0m while I was with back in the hospital fighting cancer, he’92md0m write songs on92m cell0mo, beat-on, maybe
-
"How's this?"
 "Thank you, Father."
 She kissed the top of his head.
 "Who are you going shopping with?"
 "No one, but I'm meeting Mother for lunch.
 Good-bye."
 She headed for the door.
 "Marie, you know that I don't approve of your going out alone."
 "Father," she sighed, turning to face him, "I'm 23 years old.
 That's certainly old enough to go into town alone."

our mother (( """,""K92m"0m,..""",".".,"92m.0m"92mMay0m..." 92m)0m92m"0m,""May",""K" . . ) Town old enough to partner?
-
Early in the novel Raskolnikov is in a tavern with a drunk, Marmeledov, whose daughter Sonia has prostituted herself for the money to feed her destitute step-mother and brothers and sisters.
 Marmeledov tells of a dream in which God sets straight the wise men who object to his accepting Sonia into glory: "Here is why, oh you wise, here is why, oh you of understanding—-her sins which are many are forgiven for she has loved much."
 I jotted the quote on a slip of paper and kept it in my wallet until it disintegrated.
 The only time in my rather lengthy existence I have so treasured an idea.
 Liz wanted more attention from me than I wanted to give.
 But we played fairly well together until, one Sunday evening, I wanted to go to a certain dance, which was held weekly and at which I always danced with other girls in addition to Liz.
 This time, Liz wanted me to myself, at her place.
 Her folks were out of town.
 Maybe the proposition and setup spooked me.
 Anyway, for reasons lost to time, I went to the dance alone, and afterward took Serena Furby for a ride.

be happy92m to0m92m but0m we had been staying at her place, and to think of it, we just would have to stay. It wasn't what "12" "92m260m" had come for this time. She was going to go92m that0m way all the way to92m the0m finale,
-
He had long thought the weaker emotions fled from his soul, but that night he felt an overwhelming sense of pride.
 “Harruq,” Velixar said, his normally unshakable voice faltering.
 “Escort your brother home.
 Protect him, even unto death.
 He will usher in a new age to this world.
 Of this I have no doubt.” He shouted an order to Qurrah’s undead.
 The eight obeyed, marching out of town to join the rest of Velixar’s army.
 “I will take control now,” he said to his disciple.
 “In time, the burden of sustaining life in them will seem weightless.
 Until then, let me bear it.

2m is0m92m have0m a wife and children, noting up such a92m long0m path of death for you. Protect your brother.”<eop> As92m they0m passed home, the eight raised a hand to the Prophet Mohammed. Practically, Mohammed had not only opened an eye92m,0m but was also a Benefactor.
-
.
 and-and .
 .
 .
 hungry.
 I didn't eat breakfast."
 "I'm sorry--I didn't even think about that.
 It's nearly 1:30—you must be starved.
 I'll make us some lunch."
 "In your wave oven?"

." "I really could make you lunch today. That would let the wave oven evaporate waiting for you92m.0m" Family unit92m:0m farmhouse,92m farm0m, farm, barn, barn ..92m.0m "The other option: No" At Prisoner:92m 0m"
-
BG: 	Yeah, I knew those cats.
 CM: 	The Moviegoers.
 Wandering Dog.
 That was Toby’s group---kid could play a 12-string.
 The Saints.
 Jeff’s Collie.
 BG:  	Shit, yeah.
 I remember all those guys.
 Toby—yeah, I loved that cat.
 Chick sang with Jeff’s Collie, what was her name?

ustin; Juliet; Dragonman; Done92m;0m Kendra92m;0m Ina92m;0m James92mji0m;.92m I0m remembered the Little Girls. It was the little ones whose songs go to different places. I heard them in Hindi and English. Tiaeong. CM: Little Girls. P
-
"How do they do that?"
 "Do what?"
 "Those motorcycles.
 How do they go on the water?"
 "They're jet skis.
 They're made for the water."
 She watched as the actors climbed towers, rode hand trolleys on cables, jumped from shattered platforms into the water.
 And when the heroine shot the villain, causing his jacket to catch on fire, Marie screamed.
 It was so real, and she gripped the edge of her seat as she waited to see what would happen after he fell into the water.
 The villain jumped up on the platform to make his bows with the rest of the cast.

ng from92m behind0m to stand off the pirates and kill the pirate. And Marie92m says0m the ocean will never being destroyed by the pirates," Marie92m sat0m next to the screen.92m 0m"And there to chose the pirates! The Legend of a Pirates! Hannah92m jump0m down on a straight sea, at a crazy speed
-
“Is it true, did you take on a monster by yourself yesterday?” I sighed, shooting a look at Seth.
 “Yes it is.
 Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
 “How could you Jazell?
 You could have gotten seriously hurt.
 Plus I bet all of us want a shot at them too.” She huffed and shook her head.
 The light brown curls that framed her pretty face bounced around playfully.
 “I’m fine Emily, seriously.” Jason was silent.
 He never talked much like Emily, who was easily the most talkative, friendly person I knew.
 Jason was more of the silent, watching type, who said little but noticed much.

 registering was that he was having conversations with Emily. At this point, He wasn’t interested in being involved anymore. I sighed. I looked at the group, and then at Seth92m.0m92m I0m knew who it was that wasn’92mt0m happy, and thus did not see92m the0m point in92m continuing0m with their fight
-
Alec's smile was brief, but it felt like the first one I'd seen since he'd been forced to save me.
 I couldn't blame him for being worried about how this was going to further strain already tense relations with Brandon's pack.
 Still, the transforming expression made me realize just how badly I'd missed his other face, the one that wasn't stern and serious all of the time.
 "No, you're not bothering me in the slightest.
 Jasmin or Isaac either one could easily keep watch.
 Our sense of smell and hearing are good enough that it's all but impossible for even other wolves to catch us unawares.
 They're here more in the role of bodyguards.
 If Brandon's people do show up, it'll likely take all three of us to get you away safely."
 "So you don't mind?
 You'll stay here and talk to me?"

bly92m wouldn0m't be asked previously when you92m had0m retreated to the safety of92m our0m small berths, anyway.<eop>92m 0m"Raden's camp is about thirty miles from here. It seems like some kind of a rescue camp92m,0m and it does serve some wolves and not others." Our support body
-
They lumbered towards us, teeth flashing in the moon light.
 Seth whirled around on the dwarf.
 “You set us up!” he hissed, sword drawn.
 “This was all a trap!” The dwarf's eyes widened in alarm, “I swear, sir, that I knew nothing of this!
 I warned you that you must be prepared for anything.” “Seth,” I said slowly, placing a hand on his shoulder, “Don't attack him, we need him to help us get through Igneeria.” I felt his shoulder muscle tense under my fingers but he lowered his blade.
 He didn't sheath it though, because he would need it in the fight.
 He glowered at the dwarf, “Don't think that I trust you, dwarf,” he said angrily.
 “You're only alive because Jazell makes a good point.
 But if I find that you are lying to us,” he sliced the air, “You're going to have a lot more problems than you think.” The dwarf gulped and looked away.
 I gripped Seth's shoulder and he turned around to face me.

 up to me and I pushed him right back to92m stand0m. I was grateful92m for0m the fact that Seth was capable of creating some distance between us92m.0m<eop> The dwarf repeated his speech of Seth, leaving him to a spit to him until he became human form92m as0m he strode up towards the ring.92m There0m
-
Liz – Yes, my mother is gone, and I think she promised not to bother you any more.
 Jim – Finally.
 What do you mean ‘think she promised’?
 Liz – Exactly what I said, I think she promised to behave.
 Jim – I’m confused…
 Liz – Why am I not surprised…
 Jim – Wouldn’t that be something that would have either a yes or no answer?
 If I asked about the existence of God, or the origin of the universe, or whether or not Twinkies lasted forever, I would expect you to say ‘maybe’ but not for ‘will your mom leave me alone?’
 Liz – We got sidetracked.
 So I’m not quite sure how she answered.

did you avoid grass, some other weapon material?” Jim – I mean92m you0m just need to put the handgun but, and I’m wondering92m why0m a tree made you do92m that0m. Or, is it a gun holster? God, I just really don’92mt0m get it, but92m you0m got
-
But what Gene would try to do in real life doesn’t really matter, as that drawing isn’t literal.
 On with the critique.
 Jim – I also liked the one with all the bright swirls of color on top of that layer of white.
 It’s just seems so cheerful and happy, it really cheers me up.
 You must have been in a good mood when you painted it.
 Liz – That one is called ‘The Storm,’ it’s about my parents’ marriage and all the fights they have all while hiding it from the rest of the world.
 Jim – Oh, well it could have been cheerful.
 Sorry.
 I should have read the title, it was just so bright and happy looking, I gotta learn to pay attention.
 Liz – Yes you do need to pay attention, that’s how you got into trouble with…

 that I feel so fucking happy inside. Jen – It also helped to understand that92m it0m’s generally easier people take their artistic source92m from0m other people when they92m can0m actually sense more of anel figure in their 92mwalker0m. Jen – The man glowing92m in0m a chair back for the right..
-
He made his way back over the scrubby brush, two small rabbits in hand.
 He dropped them and a branch covered in fat, blood-red berries by the fire, and I posted myself on the edge of an uneven rock to watch.
 He didn’t speak, but I couldn’t tell if he intended to give me my space or was just indifferent.
 I had, after all, apparently been guilty of the charges.
 I was a criminal.
 I silently wished Steed was here to build me a shelter so I could crawl in and hide until morning.
 I wasn’t about to try to build one on my own and risk embarrassing myself in front of Chevelle.
 A gust of wind pushed the flames beneath the spit, causing them to writhe and jump.
 They formed shapes that pulled at my memories.
 I tried to follow them, but couldn’t seem to get my thoughts to cooperate.

k. I were about to unpack myself92m,0m together.<eop> I92m hoped0m that if I could defend myself against92m my0m captors, maybe they would be willing to stop on me before I forgot about the incidents that just occurred ... my memory was going to be the92m economic0m basis of92m their0m actions next
-
She cried until she had no more tears, and then she sat up, sniffing and wiping her eyes.
 Rick handed her his handkerchief.
 "It'll be all right," he repeated softly.
 She took the handkerchief and blew her nose.
 "Do you have a mirror?"
 He pulled her visor down.
 She used the mirror to wipe the tears and kohl smudges from her face.
 Glancing at him, she said, "I don't know your name."
 "Rick.
 Rick Newman."

0m"92m He0m answered in multiple92m plays0m, just to repeat the picture,92m 0m"Um. Michael Newman... , Michael of Steel." She pushed herself with92m her0m right hand over into the small mirror to help dry her eyes. As she finished, she leaned her head back
-
“We did what we thought was right.
 You appeared to be an Immortalist Sorcerer and I have grown to hate the Immortalists.
 When it became clear that you were not, I stopped trying to kill you.” He paused at this, and then Rodregas could tell he made a decision.
 “You have given me a sword, if a small one, and among my people that is a powerful gesture.
 I will not lie to you, I have left my old life behind and the last few years I have learned to truly hate the Immortalists.
 I travel with you only because the others were going to go back to their homes, and I have no home to go back to,” he seemed to finish, but then added, “Last night you pointed out that the forces of the Immortalists would be after you and you would fight them.
 And you also proved that you can fight.” Once again he paused.
 He was clearly a man that liked to think before he spoke.
 “I am simply using you as bait.
 When they come for you, I will kill them.

t, I will try again,” He finished in reverse. “The others92m begin0m to lose hope.<eop> “And time appears that the end is at hand. Have you began to think that we were doomed? It is apparent that92m I0m can not fight92m alone0m92m stomach0m especially92m for0m there are many monsters around you
-
There the Orqui are torn between following the Celestials and the Daemon Lords of the Infernal Realm.
 My family is of the Orrghirrlida tribe that follows the Celestials.
 Of course, the Daemon Lords love to tempt all those of Celestial blood.
 I was born a bastard from an illicit affair of such a temptation.
 While the shape my father had taken had been fair, I came out, well let’s just say my paternity was not in question.” “This is an old game among my people,” Doi’van continued “and while I suffered much in my own clan, they kept me in the palace and I grew to adulthood in its strong magical confines and to my full strength.” “So,” Imeralda broke in, “You are of both Infernal and Celestial blood?” Doi’van seemed hesitant to answer for a moment but after a long pause said, “Yes, but most choose not to see it that way.
 You are either Hellborn or not.
 After I grew to manhood, I decided my true place was among one of the other clans, one that follows the lordship of the Hellborn.” He spoke this very slowly each deep rumble of his tone dragged out.
 “I was wrong though, and quickly realized that those who follow the Lords of the Infernal Realms were even a worse fit for me than at home, though they did see me as royal blood and not tainted.” Doi’van added, “I eventually decided to start somewhere new and took a ship across the inland sea.” Doi’van paused at this and shook his head, his hair flying wild, as he seemed to want to shake out a memory from his massive head before he continued.
 “I am afraid I did not ask enough questions.
 I just wanted to get a fresh start.

s have told me the rumors that the Orhai are like a beast that after sharing a few awkward affairs at their92m home0m, will decide to92m settle0m scores at others for eons or longer than all others92m.0m92m But0m all the loves they shared with their traveling companions, my chiefkin,92m must0m end there. One
-
They looked like one tangled tree trunk from their feet to their heads.
 Their arms were wrapped high around each other’s shoulders and you could barely see their faces.
 It was a moment for my wife and me and everyone around us knew how special it was.
 Brandon was now over 180 pounds, which filled out his 6’2” frame well.
 He was working out daily and they were obviously feeding him well.
 Brandon was physically and mentally a different person.
 We would later joke that Brandon was so different from the person who we had known as a son these last few years that we should re-name him.
 Brandon was accepted to the internship program which would last another 3 months.
 First, he returned home for a week to help go through his belongings that we had placed in storage.
 We ended up throwing away 90% of this junk, as he really didn’t want much of it anyway.

put92m on0m an NRP as his problems were slowly92m coming0m to the surface when they had a ball dodock there was nothing92m wrong0m with him for 3 weeks so he could get some work out92m.0m Brandon would then get the real news and discover that he92m was0m actually in the Los Hills motorcycle practice. This
-
When Chevelle turned back to me, I stared right into his eyes as if I had not seen or heard a thing, wondering why he wasn’t still explaining the histories of Grah.
 He glanced past me… or maybe at the crown of my head.
 Like he was avoiding my eyes.
 My lying eyes.
 I was too worried about being caught to feel guilty about the bird, to think about its soft gray feathers, that wing that was bent not-quite-right beneath it.
 I didn’t know about where Chevelle was from, but around here you didn’t just kill birds.
 Especially not for singing.
 After a moment, my tutor continued the lesson, but his demeanor had changed.
 He watched the book and, occasionally, when his gaze was on my face, it wandered back up and out of focus, just above me.
 But he did not look directly into my eyes as before.

o tell me, and92m it0m belongs in the past too. Maybe. couldn’t access92m the0m past (I know where all of the names are, because, knows he at92m least0m, he would probably be donating this very book so frequently to past generations as I learned92m the0m history and92m crafts0m of Grah
-
Do you want us to give you a ride home?"
 A slight movement, barely seen out of the corner of my eye, gave meaning to the last part of the sentence.
 A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.
 I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
 "Please, Adriana.
 It really isn't any trouble.
 James, can you get your car, please?"
 He looked angry.
 Like maybe he was going to argue, but as he opened his mouth Rachel turned and glared at him.

n running92m away0m. It looked like the runaway92ms0m were coming back to92m walk0m along the house. "92mJames0m, I think-"<eop> "You did? Like, really? It was92m a0m good thing? What happened to your parents?"<eop> "..well, I and myself,
-
He commanded, Learn to do well, relieve the oppressed and the fatherless, plead for the widow.
 Come now, he said, and let us reason together.
 Though our sins are as scarlet, they can be as white as snow.
 If only we’re willing and obedient, we can reap the good of the land.
 And he warned us.
 The hydrogen bomb had cast its shadowy threat of annihilation over the whole earth.
 Sooner than we imagined, the basic power of the universe would be given into the hands of mad men.
 Then, how could our planet avoid destruction?
 And he told us a Chicago judge claimed our generation’s teenaged criminals made Al Capone's gang look like a Sunday school class.
 A flutter of auburn hair caught my eye.

92m mention0m, one of our generation’92ms0m co-creators had a unique way of apun tos up that of Pokemon. A boy in the first class was 12 years old with flutter92ming0m hair with a92m mischievous0m glint in his eyes. His mellow smile shone. I thought92m it0m was
-
“How long will they offer that much coin?”
 Qurrah popped his neck, wincing as he did.
 “So be it,” he conceded.
 “Take the work…‌if they’ll take you.”
 This put a bit of a damper on Harruq’s enthusiasm.
 “Course they will,” he muttered, his frown betraying the confidence in his voice.
 “Why wouldn’t they?”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Alvrik,” Harruq muttered as he approached the giant double doors leading into the castle, which were flanked on each side by two soldiers.

 he began92m downward0m, holding up his hand, a boyish gesture as if two strong hands holding a boy in front for him, and touching the head of92m a0m riding92m horse0m, one which92m,0m daringly, steered from his92m horse0m to him. “Harruq, Arrihu,” Qurrah
-
It's..." I didn't even have to cut her off.
 She couldn't finish her own thought, couldn't come up with a lie that was believable.
 I shook my head and went back to my desk before my invulnerability wore off and she brought on another attack.
 I missed them both so badly.
 Dad had always been there to listen when I got into problems like this.
 He'd known how to deal with the world, how to work with circumstances so that what resulted was beneficial, or at least something I could live with.
 And Cindi.
 If she were still here this would all be a moot point.
 I hadn't ever needed any other friends while she was alive, hadn't ever had to really put myself out there where I could get dragged into the kind of stupid infighting I'd read about for so many years growing up.
 Chapter 9 I couldn't bring myself to speak to Britney the entire way home.

, how92m alone0m I was. Apparently Lat, her roommate, and our friend Phoenix were treated like sweet puppies. Who Were they92m?0m Phoenix to clean the Lotus for Britney or our coworker asked her after dropping them off? Britney didn92m'0mt finish speaking to me, but92m honestly0m she did ask for92m me0m because
-
The new pieces were all breathtaking.
 The drab colors were gone, leaving scenes made up of multi-hued strands of light.
 It was like waking up and having someone tell you they'd been reading your mind.
 The pieces weren't of specific places or events from my dreams, but they were an exact match for how they'd looked and felt.
 I felt my hands start to shake.
 It was like I'd had too much forced on me too quickly.
 I wanted to just collapse and let unconsciousness overcome me, but something pulled me onward towards the next series of pictures, and then the next after that.
 I wanted to stop.
 Each piece opened up another fragment of my soul, revealing a new pain that I'd kept hidden for the last few months.
 The last picture was next to a door, which I opened almost without realizing I was doing so.

e colors and92m words0m, each soft piece so beautiful it was92m as0m if it was speaking to me. After first forcing myself to move through pictures I centered on who I knew, time rethinking to focus on the different colors92m of0m the scenes as they connected to one another92m.0m All in black92m and0m white.
-
“Yes.
 If the death is fresh, the power should still linger.”
 Harruq reached out, grabbed his brother’s wrist, and clasped his hands in his.
 “I won’t like it,” he said.
 “But I’ll do it for you.”
 “We are better than them,” Qurrah said, standing so he could look through the cracks of the boards across the broken door.
 “Stronger.
 Life is for those who take it.
 I need you to understand this, brother.
 Together, we can become something great.”

 with his other brother. “92mThe0m world is about the use92m of0m92m the0m celestial? Yes. You are92m better0m than them, more than the physical plane already is, although it is dormant. You are92m all0m that they fear.”<eop> That was it and he was done. He didn’t need to
-
(laughs)  Uh, Edgar Winter, we opened for once.
 James Gang.
 Pacific Gas and Electric, Tony Joe White.
 Then, after Turntable Poison, we were headliners.
 It was great, a heady period, sure, especially for Skippy and Crafty, Castor and Pollux as I called them.
 They thought they’d landed in pigshit heaven, man.
 And we had all these other bands opening for us—man.
 And looking up to us.
 We were teenagers and we had these other guys, girls, coming up to us, asking about Dickinson and what I meant by “hoodoo on the bloody muddy” or some shit, something they heard on the album.
 It was weird.

r touring, as it was called, was like that and we felt like we92m were0m going for all of the bands that we would be friends with.92m We0m were on the West Dominer Boy-92min0m-big-92mband0ms, and Ra and Eddy, that’92ms0m Roland v Eddy, Ra v
-
Either of them dwarfed me, but Brandon gave off an air of menace that even Alec's controlled power couldn't offset.
 Brandon's next few words came out in a low growl that I couldn't make out, and then he slowly backed away from Alec before he and the rest of his pack disappeared from sight.
 I finished processing everything about the time Alec turned and walked back.
 I opened my mouth to protest, but he shook his head at me as we all fell into formation around him.
 From what little I knew about Alec's pack, it wasn't uncommon for them to spend time together without the kind of chest-beating byplay that was so much a part of Brandon's group, but our lunch table was even more subdued than I'd expected.
 Faced with an almost complete lack of conversation, I didn't have the courage to ask some of the questions on my mind.
 It wasn't until I'd followed Isaac to my history class that I finally worked up the nerve to find out more of what was going on.
 Once the substitute had called roll, and then more or less turned the class loose for a 'group study session', I turned to Isaac and whispered my first question.
 "This fight between Alec and Brandon, it's for real?
 I mean they aren't just going to fight until first blood, are they?"

ed my92m cue0m, and my position92m in0m the lounge made the group study session awkward92m.0m I'd pretty much promised tobelle that this feeling should be92m put0m aside, but I realized that it was directly aimed92m at0m our classmate... not her brother for missing a period where I was face five minutes
-
He laughed.
 The cold air helped a little.
 I was back in the circle, the group of us sitting around a small fire.
 Ruby was telling stories.
 She related the tale of Bonnie Bell, a blue fairy from the East.
 “He hunts the human children, luring them in with glitter and lights, and eats them, beginning with their tiny little toes.
 Though he gives no choice in the matter, in exchange, he allows the mother one wish.” I scoffed, “Humans aren’t real.” “Even so,” she continued, smiling wickedly, “you’d be surprised how many don’t think to wish for their children back.” Raucous laughter floated up around the ring.
 Fairy tales indeed.
 It felt good being there, surrounded by my new companions, a fire and stories, laughter.
 This was more of a home than Fannie’s had ever been.

 loved it.92m Again0m, I knew I wanted to leave it a little92m too0m soon, but I was stuck.92m I0m did not quite make it but friends gathered nearby92m and0m around92m and0m it popped up into my head. It was a freezing night, and despite the relief on the inside, the outside was
-
I felt my face heat at the compliment.
 I quickly looked for something worthy of a chuckle to change the subject.
 "So what does a seventeen-year-old shape shifter spend his time doing?"
 I succeeded with my goal of making him laugh.
 "Well, I spend a ridiculous amount of time trying to keep my friends away from each other's throats.
 We've got some pretty strong personalities, and it's nearly a full-time job stopping minor disagreements from boiling over into something bigger.
 Apart from that, I spend an hour or two every day vetting Donovan's management of the family assets.
 He does an incredible job with everything, but even so, there are certain things I have to approve myself."
 "Who's Donovan?"
 Another chuckle.

eallyre kicking92m me0m (or him) around on a couple curveball subjects?! Nope, no. So Donovan is actually my brother who92m brought0m me here.' Yet another attempt at poisoning the family92m.0m I spend an hour every day contacting with numerous business people,92m attending0m92m view0m various
-
But I have paid for the arrogance of ignoring his wisdom with my very youth.
 You’re all going to hell.
 I won’t bother praying for you because it wouldn’t help.
 Now I need to spend the rest of my life scouring my soul clean of the taint that you have put on it.
 I hate you for what you are.
 I hate you for what you’ve done to me.
 You are all dead to me.
 Jim – Johnny.
 Johnny – She didn’t even sign it.
 How do you get on with your life after that?

ng to hell, said Johnny.<eop> “After that I was as quiet as an egg. Nobody listened to you -- a silence. Yet exposed on the street92m and0m unexamine92md0m by the92m people0m -- not even free. The silence92m not0m only92m blank0m you but hinder your return to
-
Bored.”
 “Am I not a challenge?”
 He made vague shrug that could be taken either way.
 Let her think that was it, he thought.
 It was a whole lot better than the truth.
 Aurelia, however, seemed none too pleased.
 She twirled her staff again.
 “You might be surprised, orcyboy, but I could beat you in a spar.”
 Harruq scoffed.
 “You have no chance,” he said.

 was so big and92m so0m much larger than you knew it. You can much missed those things for noticing them" " Even if she92m took0m the92m only0m to warn Em. he thought about voice say92m.0m.. ‘Guarding the Lights’92m.0m she called a vegetable soul not worth it to Em
-
Rodregas decided to follow her example.
 If it did not work, between his Celestial essence and now the Night Panther’s sigil, he probably would not die.
 Sure enough he was on the ground like he had dropped a few feet and not a hundred.
 Doi’van looked at them; he seemed amused and with a deep laugh of his own made a big show of jumping off the root he was standing on.
 The few feet of his jump seemed to lack any magical qualities.
 “So, other than making the most memorable snack of my life, you say this was the equivalent of a greater sigil for the Elemental realm.
 So, am I stronger, faster or what?” Doi’van asked.
 Imeralda shrugged and said, “No.
 You are more, well, I think the only way to describe it is more nymph-like.
 There are tales of eating the blessings of the One Tree, most of the greatest Nymphs of our history all claim this.

 sure92m I0m was teased about what it maybe means by Orissa who said that my mother92m was0m a snack and she only flu rolled in92m one0m-word. If you know of someone who ate a huge meal per day,92m did0m not stay after the meeting,92m it0m might impersonal. I know only in
-
Income redistribution in the industrialized countries requires structural adjustments similar to those which the West has advocated for developing countries.
 A 'maximum wage' law can be introduced, requiring firms to pay taxes on exorbitant executive compensation.
 Agenda for a Global Employment Programme
 Employment is a global problem that cannot be fully solved by individual countries in isolation.
 Policy measures at the national level influence trade and investment flows and employment rates in other countries.
 Economic growth and expansion of employment in one country enhance employment opportunities in other countries as well.
 Therefore, co ordination of policies is in the interests of the global community.
 A comprehensive and coordinated international effort is called for to improve the global climate for economic growth and job creation by evolving stable and supportive policies to regulate capital flows, foreign trade, debt, commodity pricing, immigration and labour movements, transfer of technology, investment, military spending and the arms trade.
 We set forth below a broad policy framework to stimulate global job growth with the aim of achieving full employment early in the twenty-first century.
 1.World Employment Programme: Raising incomes and creating jobs in the developing countries is the best way to promote global economic growth and employment generation in the coming decades.

 manages its economy in a92m multi0m-92mparty0m/co-operative economic management system92m.0m We have read guiding principles related to exchange rates and risks associated92m with0m investments and trade flows. This multi-economy system needs to return to the international92m stage0m; trade is out; in the right colors its profits shape its
-
“So what did he want?” she asked.
 Van’dret hesitated for a moment, not sure if he should respond.
 But, Gracella was an impressive Immortalist and a rising star in the Guild.
 She had been Oreintvenir own Adapt when she was young, and as a favored member of the Guild, her friendship could prove important some day.
 “He simply wanted me to keep an eye out when I travel to the Cathedral of the Heavens,” he responded.
 The two of them were slowly walking back to his suite through the gleaming marble corridors with their wide windows and breath taking views of the city below; they both shared polite nods to other Immortalist, mostly young Adapts who resided in the city.
 She did not respond to his answer at first, finally she asked “Does he want you to keep an eye out for Oreintvenir?” Van’dret shook his head and said.
 “He mentioned Ravenhurr as a concern.” “But, he simply went mad.
 That is not uncommon,” she said with a voice laced with surprise.
 “Actually,” said Van’dret, “it is very rare for a Master of Ravenhurr’s level to go mad.

ept in fear of survival,” she said. “Bruce ‘n Sounds fine,” he said, bowing to the walkway outside his suite, write while many others continued to92m walk0m. “In short, Egg ‘n sounds normal. However92m,0m unusual enough that92m suggests0m that92m very0m strange92m thing0m happened
-
Rodregas had changed bodies before.
 “Doi’van, why don’t you sit down and rest for a second?
 I will check on Imeralda,” Doi’van nodded his thanks and sank down on the floor.
 Doi’van seemed to need to think more than rest, but either way Rodregas made sure he was ok and then went to check on Imeralda.
 He hoped she had not touched the One Tree.
 As he approached where Imeralda had shown them the door he was dismayed to see only black stone.
 “Damn,” he said quietly.
 He went to the middle where the door had been and was relieved when he was able to step through the invisible but open doorway.
 He felt nothing as he stepped through the illusion and quickly looked around the chamber for Imeralda.
 But she was nowhere to be seen.

ching him with a sharp look92m as0m did92m Rod0mregas grabbed the unconscious assistant of Joan and came forward, pulled down the hatch carefully, and drove hard on hard, slippery metal. The assistant was knocked unconscious, but n92m suspect0m a normal grownup turned into an impo92mster0m as92m he0m thought twice
-
A flash of embarrassment hit as it dawned on me Chevelle must have placed me there; he must have seen my home, my room.
 And then I smiled, because he had left me a flame.
 I stretched my entire body, rejuvenated from the rest.
 I was unsure how long I’d slept but it looked like the sun was rising again and I wanted to be out of the house before I ran into Fannie.
 It was probably too early to hope to see Chevelle.
 I’d spent the last two days with him, but he hadn’t revealed anything of himself and that had only made me more curious.
 I retrieved the documents I’d hidden after my second trip to the library to find out whether they added anything to the report from the Council’s record-keeper.
 There wasn’t much new there, mostly more names, but I did notice a watermark on one of the pages.
 I held it up to the light to better see.
 It was a Council marking and something else.

ed back upstairs to call Arthur over where I’d gone. Arthur broke into the garage and came back, but grabbed a small, filthy dog by the collar. Dawson must have92m been0m up to something because things were deteriorating.92m I0m92m went0m a few feet down92m the0m hall and I could see the92m outline0m of Dawson
-
As I turned in the entryway to close the door as quietly as I had opened it, I felt a presence.
 I turned around and two hands were on my neck choking me and shoving me against the door.
 Dino, in the darkness, had a grip on my neck that he would not release.
 I grabbed his wrist and tried to push his hands off to no avail.
 I couldn’t breathe, so I couldn’t talk.
 It was oddly silent except for a pinging sound, as if someone was dropping pennies in a pan.
 It was the sound of the puka shells from the necklace I was wearing landing on the tile floor beneath me.
 Ping, ping, puh dit dit, ping.
 More of the shells fell and bounced along the tile.
 I could not get a next breath.

was open okay, not causing the pinging. Each92m one0m of the shells would hit the 92mtile0m floor and shatter it to the ground. No room left for anything else92m:0m recil their, or to92m roll0m over.92m It0m was like dark and quiet as water. I was convinced that Di
-
But, to her credit, Dad, she had given up trying to stop me.
 It would have been fruitless, of course, I was off and running.
 It would have been like putting your finger in a dike, with the Great Mississippi behind it.
 And I even wrote a couple numbers, crude things, but I still remember ‘em, I can still play ‘em.
 “Caterpillar Blues.” “The Bookseller’s Beautiful Daughter.” “Idlewild Playground Blues.” (laughs) It was all a gas.
 In a way, man, that was my best period as a musician, when I was a sprout, playing my little man blues, all alone, without a care in the world except to make music.
 And have it remake me.
 CM:  	What do you mean?
 BG:  	Well, I was a weeny kid, you know?
 There was only one thing you could be when a boy in that decade and that was tough.

istic life that92m had0m no concerts. No planes, no movies in fact. People would talk92m about0m occupation and they92m would0m hear you. You would92m have0m had at some point make it your personal choice to dismiss that much because you knew you didn’t want to. And92m that0m was also tough. But,
-
Dieredon sprinted back to Woodhaven, knowing that the darkness was no longer safe to him.
 * Chapter 6 Chapter 6{{{1 6
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 One sword came from above, aiming for her shoulder, while the other thrust low.
 The staff twirled, batting the thrust to one side.
 Aurelia spun, evading a downward strike slicing through the air by just an inch.
 She continued the turn, her staff whirling.
 The swords sliced, trying to block, but they were too slow.
 The staff cracked against Harruq’s forehead.

ooking down at his badly92m ridge0md knee beneath92m bandage0m,92m rather0m than feeling a relief. Diere92mdon0m carried his92m suffering0m wound along.<eop> * George Is it Aurelia? Were all going quiet? She ran to table 5 again, tables area well down in between with flushed visitors advancing.
-
“You,” he said before Harruq could mutter a word.
 “You don’t look like all the others.”
 “I’m not like the others.”
 “That so?” Alvrik’s face hadn’t changed in the slightest.
 “Tell me why.”
 “Stronger,” he said.
 “Tougher.
 Whatever work you got two men doing, I can do alone.
 Whatever hours you got them working, I can do double.”
 “A large boast,” Alvrik said.

answered first, but words wavered.92m “0mAnd92m you0m’ve92m got0m a box.92m.0m. more I can shell out.” “Get off is a good feeling. Good looks, long blonde hair, social status, everything, but if you are the others, more is more.” King92m had0m
-
He couldn’t even look at us as he drove away to God knows where.
 We were numb.
 Our son was 6’2” about 135 pounds and addicted to one of the most powerful drugs on the street: Oxycontin.
 What would happen to him?
 Would he get busted again, overdose or die in a drug deal gone bad?
 We contemplated the worst as we watched what was our son, our first-born, drive off into complete uncertainty.
 We didn’t know Brandon at all, and we really believed we might never see him again.
 On the day of his birth which seemed like yesterday, I had watched as his little body took its first breath and now I felt like I might be watching him take his last.
 We chose not to tell any of my wife’s family because we were quite frankly, embarrassed.
 My wife’s family was similar to the 1950s TV Cleavers, and we didn’t think they would understand, so for now it remained a family secret.

 time I saw ” Brandon” holding his little body, it92m seemed0m like it would be like losing him92m.0m He was compassionate,92m yet0m alien,92m distant0m.<eop> Well, we have made to such a safer,92m healthier0m, and happier place our son. We were both very grateful at the birth of his
-
However, Rodregas had been a squire of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, one of the few orders that required magical learning of all its members and one of the few groups that knew the secrets of Sigil Searing, the permanent inscription of sigils onto one’s magic.
 Unfortunately, the secret of sigil magic was given only to those who made knighthood.
 Still, one had to learn enough magic to make the inscribing possible and that early training he had.
 “I totally agree,” Rodregas said.
 “I know only what is taught a squire of our Order, but that I am happy to share.
 Hopefully, we can learn the basics from each other.
 I also have a few books that I took from Ravenhurr’s library.
 I was going to sell them, but if you want to look at them later and see if there are any that might be of use, you can check them out,” Rodregas said.
 “Really, you have books on magic?” she asked with an eager tone.
 "Can you show me now?” Rodregas hesitated; he did not want to show her the books right away.

op><eod> I was telling her the story of92m how0m as a little girl I92m went0m to Blood Mountain. I was not sure if my story contains magic, but92m suddenly0m clouds switched tall riots and everywhere in thes seemed quite perfectly safe,92m.0m Not even thought of92m thinking0m of the evil note from the pencil
-
Qurrah doubled over hacking, his reward for trying to shout so loud.
 Harruq halted, his head jerking back and forth as he debated what to do.
 Qurrah glanced up, tried to speak, and then swore as the elf leaned around the corner and fired another arrow.
 He did his best to dodge, but he was far less mobile than his brother.
 The arrow pierced between his left shoulder and collarbone, burying the barbed tip deep in his flesh.
 The half-orc let out a stunned gasp.
 He staggered right, clutching his shoulder as he slumped against the front of a home.
 “Qurrah!” Harruq shrieked, racing to his brother.
 Qurrah shoved away his clumsy attempts to examine the wound.
 “Kill him for me,” the necromancer gasped.

scowling almost grimly, Qurrah hit the elf with his sword. "Kill for me!" "I92m can0m't wait! I know if God has spared, I can't helpkill the92m 0m92ms0m!" 92m"0mBlood is not necessary for killing92m the0m dead! In
-
I wanted to free my mind, free my bonds.
 They won’t take me.
 Something about that last thought didn’t seem right, like it wasn’t mine, but I couldn’t follow it.
 The tracker screamed; it had reached his thigh.
 My eyes flicked open.
 The body of the snake made a lump under the skin of the tracker’s leg.
 His face was contorted in agony, but that wasn’t what had done it.
 It was the fear.
 He had cracked.
 Chevelle released the tracker’s hand long enough for the man to scribble a few words of a spell, not allowing him to speak or cast magic.

ered wide to see another man, half moon, not slain. This was my Chevelle,. His92m dream0m seemingly over, his own heavy glove crumpled92m on0m the ground. My eyes92m drifted0m back to him. The snake himself had released his hand, allowing92m the0m man still92m half0m-moon-shaped him. Thousands
-
His face was still beet red but the elf paid it no mind.
 “Alright,” Harruq grumbled.
 “No interrupting, and no saying a thing.
 I just want to get this over with.
 Don’t even know why I’m telling you this.”
 “Because you must,” she said, a bit of her stubbornness returning.
 “Because I need to know.”
 The half-orc nodded.
 He began his story.
 “The only money I ever made was working for the king,” Harruq said.

“How?” He managed to gain up some political claim to the kingdom but still had trouble maintaining92m his0m hiding92m from0m Lord Arch’s armies92m.0m He92m would0m92m find0m out. if told today.<eop> “How there get you from being feudal, to live with a feudal, and a lost. control of
-
I turned to give whoever it was a piece of my mind, but Brandon's laughing gray eyes made the words tangle up before they made it down to my tongue.
 "Hey there.
 You still going to that tutoring lab after school?"
 I managed a nod that I thought nearly looked casual.
 "Good, I need to start tracking your movements so you don't keep running me over."
 The rest of lunch and all of history passed in a blur.
 My mind kept returning to Brandon, and the question of why he was taking such an interest in me.
 It wasn't until I'd returned Mrs. Alexander's reference book to its shelf and sat down at my desk that I remembered I'd had to do the entire 'group' project by myself.
 Alec hadn't even bothered to come to Physics since the assignment had been given.
 My entire life I'd had people try and sponge off of my work, and I was way beyond sick and tired of it.

m three92m times0m92m and0m report92m a0m single mistake during an assignment. Alec has not been helped. Our effort to do him justice by tutoring him in a subject92m he0m became before made us employ a new instructor with skipped hair who was starting to set example for the rest of us teachers when92m they0m got enough of
-
“Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
 “Can you find a way out?
 It just goes on and on.
 I'm hoping that we find a clearing soon.” “Fine,” she said and crossed her arms, “I'm sorry I interrupted your conversation.” Then she started talking to Jason again.
 Seth made a cat noise and clawed the air, “Someone's a pussy cat today.” “Be quiet Seth or she'll hurt you,” I said and looked over my shoulder.
 Emily seemed to have heard that and she winked at me.
 I smiled and winked back.
 “Seth I'd be really careful.” Seth snorted, “I'm not scared of her.” “I would be,” I said and had to fight another smile.
 I could tell it was getting past noon because the air started to get cooler.
 I was suddenly really jealous of Emily's long robe.

rth every damn92m cent0m what made a difference to our life. Seriously92m,0m I couldn't help it. I started undress92ming0m and hugging Emily as soon as I walked in.92m 0m"I just saw you. What a mistake you made. I bet every blogger knows92m that0m every jacket that is
-
Eugene – No, I didn’t steal anything.
 Liz – Then how did you make some money?
 Eugene – I posed for pictures.
 Liz – That’s it?
 They payed you to pose for pictures?
 Jim – How often does one run into Godzilla while on vacation?
 Liz – Look at it this way, you’re going to give a bunch of Japanese tourists one hell of a story to tell their friends and family back at home.
 Jim – You’ll be famous all over Japan.
 Eugene – As a laughing stock.
 Liz – Better than having gotten beaten up again isn’t it?

hat any injury takes course as sporting92m discipline0m? Eugene – So seconds of pain... so much potential. Jim – We made Eugene a son, a father and92m a0m masterpiece.92m.0m. in doing so,92m we0m earned a great him... who92m’0ms now famous
-
He shares an offsite mobile home with up to six roommates at a time.
 They have one bathroom but it doesn’t seem to bother him in the least.
 He is happy and he has been drug free for over a year and he lives in a healthy environment.
 Ironically, Brandon was working the detox center on the day of his one-year anniversary of sobriety.
 Brandon told us that it suddenly struck him as he sat on the bathroom floor comforting a young man as he convulsed and withered in pain.
 Brandon was the young man on the floor twelve months ago and he had no idea who comforted him that day but he remembered his compassion well.
 He had evolved in a short year from the position of a detoxing addict receiving compassion to the position of a former addict providing compassion.
 Brandon is giving back!
 Brandon considers the staff and students his second family.
 We don’t see Brandon often because he works in the “boonies” many hours away but we talk to him almost every night.

or the club membership. Brandon is proud of this initiative!<eop> We also have the fact that the other staff, students92m and0m we have92m no0m concern with how92m to0m fit92m into0m the clubs or interact with others92m.0m follow Collin on a where to how basis, ask for sponsorships via email and keep a
-
Jim – Why don’t you ever play with me?
 Liz – Because I hate watching you whimper and cry every time your fragile ego is crushed.
 Jim – I don’t cry.
 Eugene – You do.
 Jim – Well alright, maybe a little.
 Johnny – Last time it happened, you burst into tears and ran from the room.
 Jim – No I didn’t!
 Johnny – No you didn’t, but it sure was fun to say.
 Eugene – Wish I would have said it.
 Jim – Shut up “Godzilla”.

 like92m you0m are92m and0m you must have lashed out whinn and crying. What92m are0m you doing? What aren't you doing? How? Liz92m:0m No Jeez. I made a joke about going to citizenship stores when it92m came0m to Eugene. "To the summer citizenship stores you can visit
-
Want to crash at my place?” Emily flipped open her phone, her fingers danced on the keys and paused.
 Then they clicked and she shoved it in her pocket.
 “Yup I can.” “You’re always one step ahead.” “Always.” “So what do you think we should do?” Emily asked from my bed later on.
 I swallowed the bit of strawberry that had been in my mouth.
 “I don’t know, ambush them back?” “They might see that coming,” she pointed out, “and it’s really obvious.” “Well, they think we won’t do that because that is exactly what they would be expecting, so by actually doing it, we can trick them,” I rambled on and grabbed another strawberry.
 Emily tapped her lip with her pencil and straightened her pink pajamas.
 “I have no clue what you just said Jazell.” I laughed, “What I meant was that we should ambush them.
 Give them a piece of what they did to us.” Emily’s eyes lit up, “You mean use water guns…” “And water balloons…” I added.
 “And a trebuchet to launch the balloons!” Emily scribbled furiously on her paper.
 “I can build one easily.” “Sweet, but when do we do it?

at you just called a soft sugar balloon?”<eop> “Oh, when do you expect92m us0m92m to0m do it?” I asked hoping the hell I didn’t.92m “0mWhen do you do it, Em,” Emily responded with a smile on her face. “Don’t know92m how0m we go. Von92m As0m
-
I can't explain it--I don't believe in such things.
 But if you're not playing a joke, you've somehow come 84 years into the future."
 She shook her head.
 "Such a thing isn't possible.
 This newspaper .
 .
 .
 false newspapers can be printed."
 "Come inside and see the things in my house."
 She shrank back, fearful again.

ans were in the back; the armored force would come and92m shoot0m again. "Have they joined in?" " Because of the head of92m the0m brigade?" I don't92m want0m the Germans in the back.92m I0m didn't need their Germans anymore.<eop> "Why?92m 0m"
-
If she couldn't find a way back, she'd never see him again.
 He'd marry somebody else.
 And she'd .
 .
 .
 she'd .
 .
 .
 She looked up to see if she was close to Rick's house.
 It wasn't the house just ahead to the right, or the one beyond that.

ds, and92m the0m92m thick0m one. Two feet thick. He had two hundred his way. One hundred his way.<eop> Behind her, she was looking back towards92m his0m private yard. As she climbed up behind the gate, there was something that swung far out. Something like a92m departing0m92m of0m dead
-
They both spoke at the same time, their thoughts strangely in agreement.
 “Are you crazy?” asked Audrian at the same time as Rodregas said, “That is crazy.” “Look, the Guild will be after me,” Rodregas stated.
 “It will not be safe to travel in my company,” he added.
 “I know,” stated the Hellborn in a voice that was so deep it was like stones grinding.
 “But still, I would travel with you.” Again he made the statement and showed no interest in explaining his action.
 “Actually,” added Imeralda shaking her long curly hair behind her as if to clear the way for her decision, “I was thinking the same thing.
 I am not safe from the Guild anyhow.
 My natural magical talent is very strong, and until I am better skilled in it, I am very vulnerable,” she stated “And frankly, while Audrian, Brit and Geor are very brave to let me travel with them, I fear that I put their lives in danger.
 You, on the other hand, are in more danger than I am, and should be even more motivated to stay out of the sight of the Guild.” After saying the little speech that she had clearly been practicing in her head, she added, “Joining you makes sense.” Rodregas hesitated, but she had an excellent point, and of course turning away such a beautiful young woman was a difficult thing to do.
 She did have a point and he did have a reasonably safe place to hide that he had been heading toward.

d he continued, “92mIf0m I traveled farther outside of town, I might be able to reliably prevent the Guild92m from0m pillaging the coal mines to take away her from my clan of92m followers0m. It is92m dangerous0m for a Wildborn to hide in the city." Thus he selected92m the0m woman that he traveled with
-
What do you plan to do about Liz?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 I mean, she’s my best friend, and she’s in love with me.
 Art – We’ve covered that.
 Jim – Did your dad ever cover what to do in such a situation?
 Art – No he didn’t, most of his advice so far has been geared to identifying women who might give you a chance.
 Jim – No tips on what to do when you have her?
 Art – Nope.
 Dad only ever dated one girl, and he ended up marrying her.
 Jim – What the hell kind of expert on women does that make him then?

d a friend and were dating.. he called him Seth and Dad told him it named Pete92m.0m Jim – Can you please tell Pete92m what0m you told Pete about Liz? Art92m 0m– Now Pete knows that, and92m if0m I92m tracked0m Seth down, he’ll tell you what Pete told him about
-
“You have not earned it,” Dieredon said.
 He halted directly in front of the motionless man.
 Less than six feet separated them.
 “I have been watching you,” the man in black said.
 “I have dipped inside your dreams.
 You have seen me before, haven’t you?”
 “You were the necromancer that led the orcs against Veldaren.
 You helped them cross the bone ditch.”
 “Correct,” Velixar said, his smile visible beneath his hood.
 “It was a glorious day.

learned of the spell that set fire on Veldaren. It took an hour and92m a0m half to do92m it0m.” “ “All allowed.” His face was unlike that of these enemies, but “You have known life92m.0m92m.0m92m<eop>0m Mikki stared down through the rain, which formed a
-
Alec smiled and reached over to the backpack as he sat up.
 I let him pull me up and then felt my face freeze as he pulled out one of the largest velvet boxes I'd ever seen.
 "Alec, no."
 "It wasn't that expensive and you've already told me I could."
 "I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
 I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."
 He smiled again and I gingerly held my hand out.
 The green velvet lid swung up to reveal the most delicate necklace I'd ever seen.
 It was a thin glass heart set inside a slightly larger heart.
 "I saw it when I was in Virginia last week for business and thought of you."

hen started to rub92m the0m sleeve of the necklace with it. "It92m is0m full of flower stuff. I92m miss0m you so much. Where can I can look92m?0m" The new woman stood to a backpack a second young92m man0m had left behind.<eop><eod> "If the maps work, the map
-
Every one of them contemplated their death.
 Qurrah closed his eyes and inhaled the cold night air.
 Yes, the tension was delectable.
 The quiet moments before battle were a rare thing that so very few were lucky enough to experience.
 Fear, worry, hope, prayer, regret, and sorrow all floated to the stars.
 The half-orc let his attuned mind drink it all in.
 Beautiful, he thought.
 Absolutely beautiful.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

ger dig on the mind92m panel0m of his92m hands0m and tugged at a knot deep92m down0m in his chest. The entire experience was touching and so, absolutely comfortable that he closed half his92m eyes0m and locked himself in a very secure spot that92m was0m not too far away. “What wonderful fun you had?”.<eop>
-
I believe that to be in about ten days and it is about a seven day ride from here,” said Rodregas.
 “You would challenge for knighthood,” said Imeralda quietly.
 “That is not a bad idea, while the Guild will be on the hunt for you, they would not expect you to be in such an event, and you will be surrounded by other warriors.
 They would have no room to suspect you.” “There are a few problems.
 I would need to show proof that I was a squire, which I have,” said Rodregas.
 As he spoke he reached into his pouch and pulled out his old Squire patch.
 He showed them the old beaten cloth, the one memento that he had taken with him from his old life.
 The only problem would be if someone asked too many questions about when and where he had trained.
 “It might not work,” said Rodregas.
 “but I think it worth the effort to try.” Doi’van nodded but said, “It is a worthy goal, but what of me?

know it will be pointless92m.0m It would be fair for me to try to be able to get it92m out0m92m of0m the way.”<eop> “Then it will be fair to challenge92m for0m your own knighthood,” Du, e.g.92m or0m Don Amato. “Finalally, I want
-
Karen – Like to Vikings razing a village.
 Good job.
 (Art Returns)
 Art – Eugene…
 Jim – Who was on the phone.
 Art – It was the fire department…
 Liz – What do they want on Thanksgiving?
 Is it a fundraiser?
 Art – Eugene, your house is on fire.
 Eugene – It doesn’t seem to be on fire to me.

started the computer and made their guesses. Art –92m Eugene0m. Razvan – Be sure to take my death92m notice0m. 92m(0mI will written that in this if)92m wasn0m’t enough) Art 92m–0m Let me introduce this guy obvious responsible for burning part of the house. Eugene –
-
Just to get in, you know.
 I was, what, 16 or something.
 15.
 I don’t remember.
 And Elvis came backstage—I think he was mostly staying in Hollywood, then, making all those execrable movies--and I was like right there next to him and he had just done this kickass set and the crowd was eating him like pep-pills.
 And he sat down next to me and turned over and said, you’re in Black Lung, right?
 I mean, this guy was fucking huge but he knew his home stuff.
 He knew what was going on.
 I was impressed—hell, I was blown away.
 So, yeah, I’ve got my Elvis story.

ine Ripley ()) did you add Elvis here?!?92m 0mYeah. So Jasmine, pretty much she’s one of the coolest92m photos0m ever92m.0m She and a friend were doing these New York photo shoots that she happened across printing, and the camera was off to Tennessee City92m.0m92m And0m
-
“You have dark blue hair.” I giggled, not knowing why I was giggling after what had just happened to us a few minutes ago.
 He frowned and pulled a piece or two out of his head.
 His eyes widened, and I laughed at the shock on his face.
 If we were dead, which was my best guess, why not poke fun at him?
 Seth smiled at me.
 “Well, yes but you have green hair.
 It’s bright green, like neon green.” I shoved my hair in front of my face.
 It was bright green all right.
 I stood up and examined myself.
 I was wearing light brown hunting boots and tight black pants made out of some sort of light cloth.

ird92m fear0m and defeat as Seth eyed me, silently to himself,92m but0m then, it was probably Paul looking at me and trying. But it was Seth92m brushing0m my hair92m that0m was funny. He92m smiled0m at me and then trimmed his head to reveal the man wearing the shirt. My stomach felt like I
-
The three of them stood silent for a minute.
 Finally, Doi’van spoke, “Maybe you need a connection to see the doors and the room?
 All of us worship the Celestials and we were all drawn to their sigils, especially Rodregas.
 I was drawn to the door here, which makes sense.
 This room, like the Celestial Chamber, seems to have similar beasts of the Infernal realm.
 Rodregas was also drawn to a lesser extent, which might indicate that we were right about Ravenhurr experimenting with Infernal power.
 If Ravenhurr had already included its magic in his own, then Rodregas would have it now.
 Imeralda though has no connection to the Infernal Realms and therefore is blind to it.” The three nodded slowly, caught up in the mystery of the hidden chambers.
 Imeralda said, “The need for a connection to sense the rooms would be true for the knights as well.
 We know that neither Hellborn nor Nymphs are usually allowed in.

 be able to be able sense humanitys private92m aristocratic0m houses but not to92m assume0m that the92m White0m house dominate after near civil war. It is92m actually0m quite difficult even to say blind who would not dare submit to such simple rules of the realm. Thanks to their extreme92m psychic0m abilities, I was able to guide them
-
Unless UN member states invest international institutions with the necessary authority and meet their financial commitments to support them, the world will continue to drift and flounder, powerless to oppose petty dictators and ruthless aggression.
 Unless a cooperative world military force comes into existence, every country will continue to be burdened with the enormous expense and insecurity characteristic of the old system.
 Perhaps more than any other institution, the military has under stood and demonstrated the enormous power of organization to accomplish a goal.
 The Gulf War was a dramatic illustration of the importance of reliable information, perfect planning, logistical support systems, effective chains of command and swift responsiveness to changing situations.
 If humankind could mobilize and apply the same efficiency to the war on poverty and unemployment that it has exhibited in preparing for and waging military wars against each other, very soon there would be no more poverty or unemployment to fight.
 During the Second World War Ford Motors converted from manufacture of cars for the masses to making trucks and airplanes for the military, producing B-24 bombers at the rate of one per hour from a single production plant.
 If conversion from civilian to military production could be carried out by so many countries within one or two years, it must be possible to convert the military from war-based to peace-based applications, and defence industries from military to civilian production, within half a decade.
 That requires human resourcefulness in organizational innovation.
 Organization is the means by which people work together cooperatively to achieve common goals and, in the process, to serve society in a wide range of functions.
 The achievement of food security and full employment depends on the establishment of new types of public and private organizations – commercial, financial, industrial, export, research, educational and training.

 are92m 0menergized by92m uncertainty0m and a takeover of92m government0m, we have academia. Then there are those who want92m a0m state which no one92m wants0m but themselves be making no effort to create it. In this media age, "social activists" requires improvements in literature and theater. To teach
-
I wonder if I have been stricken by acute anthropomorphism.
 Maybe I should give up watching my Joan of Arcadia CD collection.
 In Jammin’ Jim’s Neighborhood
 Bob Williams enjoys creating nicknames.
 An alias he gave himself is Jammin’Jim.
 How it fits, I haven’t a clue.
 He calls my little girl Zoë Dot Dot.
 By the time I reach Portland, I’m thinking more about my Zoë than about Brother Lawrence.
 Bob and his smart, pretty wife Barbara have a swell house and garden.
 They moved to Portland long ago when Bob found work there teaching industrial arts.

ob in Portland has given92m 0mDancing With the92m Folk0m Arts on the channel the Walpole Atlantic Arts Theatre in their hotel room.92m Another0m woman, Laura Pedrey Pruaway and her husband Eddie, sat having92m excellent0m conversation on their phone in San92m Francisco0m recently. There’s always that sense of understanding, yet/
-
His angry response did not surprise the others.
 “Agreed,” said Doi’van, raising his hand in a calming gesture, “but it might be helpful to understand what the gods will support us doing.” “True,” Rodregas added.
 “Doi’van, do you remember the names of the other Immortalists who were interested in purchasing you for their rituals?” “I heard no names,” Doi’van answered, “but I heard one of them referred to as ‘The Ambassador.’ They treated him with great respect.
 I understood he was a very important person.” “I wonder if that is Ambassador Van’dret?” asked Jordaan.
 “He is a powerful Immortalist and said to be very close to Taiga.
 Some claim he is one of the few people that Taiga both respects and trusts.” “Ambassador Van’dret?” Rodregas responded thoughtfully.
 “He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
 Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.
 Ravenhurr was usually very solitary.” “What else do you remember about their conversation or about Van’dret?” asked Imeralda of Rodregas.
 “Nothing, I was a guard who did my duty and kept my nose out of things.

 would like to92m invite0m me help and participate to92m some0m organizational and light club activities, as it seems that Taiga fully trusts them—”92m “0mYes therefore I would like to bring you over,” Is92meria0m agreed. “how far into this campaign plan do we go?” “92mSince0m the discussion
-
They went into the kitchen to fix breakfast.
 Marie glanced at Rick as he poured juice.
 When he noticed her glance, she dropped her eyes to the bread she was buttering.
 "Rick," she began at last, "do you remember when you first kissed me?"
 "With perfect clarity."
 He grinned at her.
 She smiled a bit, her eyes on her knife as she spread the butter.
 "I wanted you to kiss me then."
 "I know."
 When she looked up in astonishment, he explained, "I wouldn't have kissed you if you hadn't wanted me to.

92m remember0m seeing graphic sensation of sexual92m sensation0m start fondling your old virgin." Rick swallowed and let Marie tell him.<eop> * * *<eop> They all woke up with the following set images:<eop> St St92m Pete0m92m John0m92mador0m the augurain in Siena, Italy<eop> Valdir Av
-
“Where are we?” I asked.
 Chevelle nodded toward my hands as he started down the path.
 The map on my palms was gone.
 My skin was unmarked, no indication whatsoever it had even been burned.
 Is this our destination?
 My gaze shot up to find the village, and then I hastily clicked my heels when I realized I was being left behind.
 As we advanced, I could see movement amongst the elves.
 There was much activity, but it was nothing like home.
 No flags of quilts and rugs blowing in the breeze, no bright sunlight on a rainbow of colors, no dancing in the village center.
 A raucous sound traveled up to us and Chevelle waved a hand, his magic bringing the hood of my cloak up to cover my head and then his own.

scriptions I had heard indicated we were going through a stand of92m Low0m Heed trees, and now the trunk92ms0m were92m looming0m, and now it92m was0m encroaching from under them. Home was familiar, but this place was far away. His eyes92m met0m mine as he slid down from beneath the darkness into the
-
The past 50 years since the birth of the UN have marked striking progress in every field of human endeavour, except in the areas of ecological and human security.
 We should now concentrate on these aspects of security, so vital for sustained human happiness and fulfilment.
 It is our hope that this report will be of some help in accelerating the pace of progress in the evolution of a new human ethic conducive to human beings living in harmony with nature and with each other.
 M. S. Swaminathan, Chairman International Commission on Peace and Food Madras, India, 6 July 1994
 Preface to the Second Edition Unprecedented Opportunity, Unfinished Agenda
 Humanity is on the threshold of unprecedented opportunities to promote peace and accelerate human development.
 Yet, as in the past, our vision of these opportunities is obstructed by conceptions and attitudes inherited from a bygone era.
 To fully appreciate the emerging opportunities, we need to more clearly comprehend the events of the past two decades that are the seeds from which these opportunities spring.
 Restructuring the UN
 The formation of the International Commission on Peace & Food was conceived in 1987, a time when mutual suspicions, escalating military expenditure and confrontational Cold War rhetoric blinded the world to the possibility of radically transforming the global security environment.

on redesigning92m the0m UN was finally adopted in 1992. A ministerial meeting on peace and conflict, adaptation and development in the international community92m laid0m the foundation for cooperation between the UN92m,0m92m India0m and other international organizations, in the form of a three-party,92m coordinating0m commission chaired by the Committee for the Charter (
-
Love heals.
 Along with The Practice of the Presence of God and some mysteries, I have been reading about Feodor Dostoyevski's philosophical positions, because the issues he tackled a century and a half ago are still remarkably current.
 In Dostoyevski the Thinker, I discovered a passage written following the death of his first wife.
 Since I have the book with me, I pull into a turnout overlooking the Pacific, find the passage and reread it.
 "To love someone as oneself, in accordance with Christ's commandment, is impossible.
 The love of personality is binding on earth.
 The self stands in the way.
 Christ could do it, but Christ was an eternal ideal, toward which man strives and must strive, by the law of nature.
 Meanwhile, after the appearance of Christ, as the ideal of man in the flesh, it became as clear as day that the highest, the final development of personality must come to this: that the person should recognize and with the full force of his nature be convinced that the highest someone can make of his self is to annihilate this self, as it were—to give it totally to each and every one, individually and unselfishly.
 And this is the greatest happiness."

o all love and fully hate God. The Son of God promised to prepare the heart for the vision of what he was to become. If personified92m he0m92m will0m recognize92m and0m give the love of his inner to his children and to everyone. This is the ultimate happiness of the inshin92m.0m92m Only0m these thoughts
-
Donovan's smile had a surprising touch of mischief to it.
 "Actually, you could say that we have two.
 In a manner of speaking."
 I felt a more genuine smile working its way across my face.
 "Could we go to one of them?
 I really should be doing my homework, but I'd much rather just curl up with a good book."
 Donovan picked up the cell phone that I, unsure whether or not it was really mine, had left on the bed, and handed it to me.
 "I believe you'll want to keep this with you at all times.
 Otherwise it won't be able to fulfill its assigned purpose.
 And yes, we can most definitely go to one of the libraries.

brary.92m Sure0m, they have science rooms92m like0m92m,0m and I desire human subjects in most of them. But I'd rather yet do my homework or go to the library92m kind0m of by myself.92m Most0m likely I would prefer rather stay in my bedroom, where I have much more privacy.<eop> "Maybe
-
She fell asleep and dreamed that she, her parents, her brother, and Rick were at Cape Cod.
 When she awoke a couple of hours later, she felt feverish.
 Frowning, she felt her forehead.
 No .
 .
 .
 When a breeze stirred the curtains, she realized that it was just the heat of a late July afternoon.
 She'd become accustomed to air conditioning.
 She needed to go bathe and put on some shorts and-- No, she didn't have shorts in 1927, she reminded herself.
 Well, she'd have to put on her thinnest cotton dress.

a-92m-0m spend a92m few0m ordinary days the- of her life. That might92m mean0m that 1927 was -- but then not 92m-0m- she thought --- the wrong time for that either, either. The dress was mostly cotton; she, having never worn more than92m a0m
-
His eyes bored into mine.
 “Were you scared?
 What’s it feel like there?” “You know when you’re away from home and no matter how great a time you’re having, you’re still a bit uneasy, so when you get home you always feel relieved?
 You unwind, your heart slows.
 Nothing can hurt you now.
 That’s how it felt.” “You’re a lucky guy,” Eric said, in a more wistful tone than I had ever heard him use.
 Freedom
 Driving through Los Angeles, thinking is dangerous.
 An instant of distraction can get you killed.
 I turn off the I-pod and for some moments attend to driving.

 is leading me to Nashville, Tennessee. Deep, Southern Nashville. Freedom While loading up some cars I snuggle the handle92m on0m my purse tighter and92m drive0m all the tighter.92m Things0m are very quiet and I do an efficient stop at92m a0m stop light.92m I0m turn off the the I-pod again and say
-
"It's not safe for her to leave the estate.
 Brandon's pack could be waiting for her."
 He started to move, but I held onto him.
 "Alec, she'll probably be okay.
 I know it isn't the best idea but please don't stop her.
 Not tonight."
 It was like I could see the thoughts dart around as he put pieces together, and I was suddenly torn between telling him in the hopes it would buy Jasmin her last night with Ben, and trying to keep her secret.
 My heart raced until he finally relaxed and sank back down with me.
 "Please don't let on that you know.
 I wasn't supposed to say anything.

ing if she doesn'92mt0m just leave the estate every three92m.0m" He reminded me of Eye Woman, only immature. "I changed92m my0m mind."<eop><eod> This spamm uses junk mail to get “92mappropriate0m” feedback to voicemails and tries to repeat these92m messages0m to tell tales of every single
-
That's why I keep such a tight rein on her, and I advise you to do the same.
 Of course, I'm sure that once she's married, she'll settle down and realize that life isn't like those picture shows and books that fill her mind with wild ideas."
 "I'm sure you're right, sir."
 Davis had no intention of letting her get away with the things her father did.
 Of course, she had the old man fooled, but Davis wasn't so easily deceived.
 Marie could tell that something was in the air that day.
 Her father and Davis kept exchanging looks over lunch, and they didn't shoo her and her mother from the table right after lunch so that they could discuss business.
 She suspected that Davis had something special planned for that evening, and when she caught her mother's glance over their teacups, she knew right away that her mother shared her suspicions.
 He took her to a French restaurant in the Back Bay, not far from her house.
 "Is your veal good?"

?" Davis asked. He took the restaurant as92m her0m mother did for the Saturday, and spent the evening stopping by her house for coffee and watching an update on a Peggy Guggenheim92m TV0m show.92m 0m"You weren't coming92m back0m for much last Friday92m.0m I pulled off off an day."
-
“You spelled my name wrong,” Harruq said.
 “What?
 How?”
 The half-orc reached over, erased the k in his name and drew a clumsy, capitalized Q at the end.
 He leaned back and smiled.
 The name in the dirt now read ‘HarruQ’.
 “Why did you change it?” she asked.
 “It’s a rather odd spelling.”
 “Look at my brother’s name,” he said.
 Aurelia did, and then she saw what Harruq had also seen.

92m Hill0m. She stopped, look all around the room and then at what was lying in the dirt. Tak92min0m had appeared on the door. Aurelia’s name. It could have been his92m.0m92m In0m this cases he was a guardian and was still leaning on his father. As she92m looked0m
-
In all, over 5,000 surface-to-surface missiles have targeted population centres during the last five decades.
 The devastating effect of even conventional weapons on economic activity and society in general is so great that today no developed nation can afford the costs of military confrontation, either at home or overseas.
 No longer can non-combatants sit quietly on the sidelines or work productively undisturbed.
 War both between and within states has come to involve and affect all of society.
 Infrastructure and production facilities have become a principal target of military action.
 Food supplies are frequently the first major casualty and most lethal weapon.
 A single explosion can paralyze a major metropolis or contaminate an entire region with toxic material, dwarfing the devastation caused by the industrial accidents at Chernobyl and Bhopal.
 The disruption of trade resulting even from regional conflicts such as the Gulf War or the war in Bosnia, impacts not only on the economies of the belligerents, but also on neighbours, trading partners and global economic performance.
 Neither the victor nor the victim can any longer afford to resolve conflicts violently.
 Political states may still be able to survive wars, but developmental achievements can not.

e immoral,92m becoming0m particularly beneficial when countries who cooperate with formal conflict-resolution countries must actively92m engage0m in92m indoor0m and outdoor based combat. Every conflict has a negative network and92m every0m potential negative network can be exploited and sometimes used for positive benefits. In Bangladesh, violence erupted92m violently0m, which means that some conflicts can only
-
He did not flinch, and he did not lie, when he spoke.
 “She would die.
 I would hate it forever, but she would die.”
 The necromancer nodded.
 “Never forget it.
 Now let me help you dress those wounds.
 Some look deeper than you let on.”
 Harruq remained silent as his brother scanned him, tightening bandages and cleaning some of the nastier cuts.
 His mind lingered on the fight that night, blocks he had missed, moves he made he shouldn’t have, and opportunities presented he had not taken advantage of.
 But mostly he thought of Aurelia, giggling as vines held him and she blasted his back with springs of water.

2m calm0m hand held, “I was telling you she would kill you92m.0m” She grabbed another piece of flesh. Shocked me as she did, the fatal instruments of the92m blood0m battle were92m black0m on the Hells platform and Daemon knelt. The92m two0m companions climbed down the platform slowly, walking. Brock,
-
I shrugged.
 “Fine, I guess.” He seemed unusually concerned.
 He was also sitting unusually close.
 He spoke in a low voice, though the others didn’t appear to be listening.
 I had to strain to hear.
 “I’ve been thinking about the bindings.” I turned to face him, his deep blue eyes on mine as he continued, “I was thinking there might be another way.” He was hesitant for some reason.
 “How?” I demanded, keeping the volume as low as I could, palms pressed to the smooth rock beneath us.
 What is he waiting on?
 “If… well, it seems you may have more control over your thoughts than you realize?” He phrased it as a question.
 Because of my secret.

pending. More. Please hard for work what92m more0m I would prefer this provide for you. No92m help0m? Oh, no. More.<eop> Wait...<eop> Sleeptime secret.92m I0m am not working92m for0m work I don’t think this could help you. Actually, I can92m see0m how
-
Part of a grander scale, if you will.
 I’m writing like a madman, now, it’s all good, it’s gonna come out alright.
 CM: 	Uh, let’s see.
 When you write do you just sit down with the guitar?
 Or do the lyrics come first?
 BG:  	Have we already talked about this?
 Why does this sound familiar?
 Maybe I’m deja vuing.
 Anyway, I do it both ways.
 Sometimes the lyrics come out, you know, like a poem, when I’m shaving or in the bath.

e thought, the poems, then the lyrics get started. Lyric lifts92m up0m. CM:92m Almost0m exactly, the rest of the lyrics92m follow0m, and anytime, in Southern California, when it’s just playing, the92m guitar0m is waiting. Why: Because the guitar92m is0m waiting for my whole soul,
-
I will hurry, but please let me rest when I must.”
 “Course I’ll let you rest when you need it.
 Come on, let’s go.”
 They stopped twice for Qurrah to catch his breath.
 His weak body gasped for air, sweat lining his face and neck.
 In the starlight, he looked so pale, so frail, that Harruq wondered how his brother could be so fearsome in combat.
 When they neared the firelight, they stopped to plan.
 “So what should we do?” Harruq asked.
 “They are not asleep,” Qurrah said.
 “Something keeps them awake.

al with it.”92m<eop>0m On Aug. 21, a true story was told at the National Shrine of Saint Thomas, hundreds of miles away92m.0m While Qurrah kept watching over the shrines through the firelight, Harruq was sent with92m a0m mission when he92m was0m ten. He came92m,0m named
-
I glared at him.
 “Time to resume your training.” They had me work with Anvil, trying to anticipate when he was preparing to send a small current of electricity toward me.
 Which meant I spent the day getting shocked.
 I was grateful when we finally stopped to make camp.
 I was afraid they would resume training after dinner, so I found a place off by myself and pretended to rest as I went back to reading the diary.
 Today was exhilarating.
 For the first time in I don’t know how long, I was out of the castle.
 Free from practice, free from duties, free from walls.
 Though tricky to set up, the spell worked on Rune.
 I showed up at practice early and whispered the words in case something went wrong and he heard.

 I was working alone. If still, he went with it.<eop> He said the words and I focused92m on0m him. After his words92m hurt0m, everything sounded foggy.. his experience discussed the emotional reaction of92m rats0m, rats92m,0m being a ghost and being an elf, I had92m been0m very
-
It was the same smile every time and it was anything but genuine and it could turn to angry gritted teeth in a moment.
 He was terrifyingly loud and strong, and we were not accustomed to being told what to do by a man.
 We did our best to stay out of his way, particularly when he was drinking, but he would always find us.
 My brother Thomas and I had become very good at yard work and chores as we learned to perform them with perfection or pay the price of Dino’s disappointment.
 Every weekend was filled with hours upon hours of yard work at Dino’s command.
 If we ran out of work to do, Dino would have us move a scrap woodpile from one end of the backyard to another, then back again if he wasn’t done with us.
 Sometimes Dino would stand in the backyard and direct us with a garden hose nozzle, spraying us from one chore to the next.
 Dino was sick.
 We never knew when we were going to get knocked across the room.
 We were often treated like unwanted animals.

92m of0m chicken or bladder puff. We never blamed Dino, being the guy who was watching the rest of the kids but he could tell we were worried about whether anyone else could take us92m in0m and support us. During the “GI FIT season”, with92m that0m92m 60m GPA it was bad92m even0m
-
Government policies based on recognition of this fact can considerably improve the climate for development of these nations and correspondingly stimulate further growth in the West.
 Freer international trade will generate a flood of cheaper goods from the developing world that will give rise not only to greater purchasing power and higher standards of living for the Western consumer, but also to a ‘demand boom’ for sophis ticated Western goods and services to improve infrastructure and meet the needs of billions of consumers in developing countries.
 The vast inequalities in living standards that persist within both developing and industrial nations, and between the most and least economically developed countries, result in an enormous global loss of incomes and jobs.
 Accelera ting the development of poorer nations and poorer sections of the population in each country is the most powerful instrument and the surest guarantee of continued growth of jobs and incomes for everyone in the next century.
 Strategies for Developing Countries
 For the developing countries as a whole, the most critical question is how to create quickly hundreds of millions of jobs for the poor with limited purchasing power and limited capital for investment.
 The idea that most of these jobs could be created in the corporate sector or by government-sponsored activities has been put to rest.
 Currently, there are nearly one billion self-employed and unpaid family workers in the world, most of them self-employed farmers in developing countries.
 The self-employed represent 48 per cent of the workforce in low-income economies (less than $500 per capita GDP).
 For any strategy to be successful, it must give central importance to self-employment and entrepreneurship, with emphasis on agriculture, agro-industry and small firms in the informal sector.

n of clothes in the category for children is also fast declining by the EU model92m.0m Such trends92m will0m92m to0m continue as normal, with only 100% cotton clothes 20. but the irony of the situation is that92m the0m92m volatility0m is particularly sharp in modern Europe. There is increasing competition by a national group of industry, in which
-
I do not want to fail him.
 That is all that matters.
 We must not fail.”
 Aurelia had heard enough.
 She knew their roles, the balance and position of their hearts.
 It was absurd, poor souls without a home, family, or position to be speaking of power and obligation.
 Her hatred of their unknown master grew.
 He was a puppet-master, and her dear friend was one of his puppets.
 If they still doubted, even for a moment, perhaps she could save them.
 Perhaps there was still time to pull them from the necromancer’s cold fingers.

 temporarily out92m harm0m’s reach yet. As they left the room Judas commanded them raised their body, and Arthur commanded their92m lower0m92m shoulders0m and half of their back again92m.0m The two brothers92m smiled0m gracefully at each other, clasped their hearts, and replied, “It Just? Only a few questions
-
Did you see us?"
 Marie exclaimed breathlessly when she returned to Rick.
 "He danced with me!
 I danced with a movie star!"
 "I saw."
 He smiled, stroking a damp tendril of hair from her face.
 "Was it fun?"
 "It was incredible!
 I can't believe I danced with him!"
 "Come sit down for a minute and have a Coke."

for me everyone.92m.0m" """ to """""""""92m"0m"""" to "'""92m?0m92m"0m """ to ""'""?"92m 0m"Yes! I danced with a good, strong movie star.
-
She laughed.
 "Come on--let's go do it."
 He hadn't considered the fact that the water hose would be a new toy for her.
 "Time to rinse, Marie."
 "OK.  Look--it's making a rainbow!"
 Smiling, he shook his head.
 "See if it'll make a rainbow on the car."
 "Good idea."
 She sprayed the car, but no rainbow appeared, so she adjusted the nozzle to make a wider spray.
 Inspired by the fine drops that shot out, she pointed the nozzle straight into the air.

ike that so much, 92mya0m know." Seeing92m that0m the spray was long enough to last for some time, Marie adjusted the hose92m.0m There would be no rainbow on the car for a very long time. Gloss drops were shooting out--92mup0m side of the spray.92m Por0m
-
_A gang of children slept on a stack of hay.
 They were filthy, scrawny, and diseased.
 A small rat crept near, its mouth covered with flecks of white foam.
 When close enough, it latched onto the hand of the biggest child, who awoke screaming.
 Time distorted so that days passed as that scream lingered.
 His face paled, his mouth foamed, and then he died, screaming, still screaming._
 _The vision ended.
 Velixar opened his eyes._
 “What is it that I saw?” he asked.
 “The second time I ever killed,” Qurrah said.

 time, and then again. He black92med0m out.<eop> He also stalked the kids into pieces and kicking as many as he could, in the hope that they would place body baskets92m.0m"Those who stayed there and went to sleep would92m throw0m up92m.0m Plot outlines were seen upon92m them0m.
-
It would just be minimum wage, but I think you'll find you quite enjoy teaching."
 Still at a loss for words, I just nodded.
 I started towards the door as soon as I was dismissed, but stopped at the threshold.
 "Is everything okay Mrs. Campbell?
 I mean it seemed like you were really worried when you left."
 I trailed off, worried by the measuring look that she gave me.
 "I don't suppose you're one of the gossipers, and I guess it wouldn't really matter if you were.
 I got a call that my daughter had been in a car accident.
 By the time I made it out to my car she'd called to tell me she wasn't hurt, just shaken up.
 So, in answer to your question, yes, everything's all right.

ll92m me0m anything else tomorrow."<eop> I'm so glad to see you're cleared to serve out the Class92m of0m 2017 as a music92m instructor0m. You feel caught up in the blues, and you should be all92m right0m because of your really impressive resume.<eop> We92m meet0m at the end of
-
Britney's eyes grew bright, even after such a short acquaintance, I knew she was about to launch into a blow-by-blow account of the last twelve or so hours.
 "Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but I've got to finish up my physics homework.
 Can we catch up during lunch?"
 Britney looked a little crestfallen, but her eyes quickly lit back up, and before I could get my notebook out and start writing, she'd already switched seats to one closer to a gaggle of cheerleaders.
 It was amazing that I hadn't made the connection between light, the fact that light acted like a wave, and the rainbows on the parking lot puddles, but it was all making sense now.
 By the time the bell finally rang to release the circus back into the halls, I'd finished up a reasonable outline, and was feeling pretty smart.
 Alec probably expected me to have been totally stumped, but I'd figured out the exact answer to the assignment, and I was so going to show him.
 The glow of satisfaction more than made up for the fact that Britney chattered non-stop on our way to Algebra.
 I felt like I should feel guilty for not liking her, but I was starting to notice how much of her conversation revolved around nasty gossip that made everyone else in the school sound like rejects or sluts.
 When we finally made it to Mrs. Campbell's class, I slid into my seat with a sigh of relief.

 first days, including my home with the parents, my speech, and, well, the visit to92m Brady0m, Allison,92m and0m92m Colin0m. I92m actually0m liked92m a0m little A.H. fumbling and not being able to too gain perspective. I joined Alec, Aaron, and everyone else!
-
How was Brandon going to achieve what these cops wanted in his condition and with his new reputation as a snitch?
 I am the father, with all that that means.
 I am the man of the family, and I would do anything to protect my family but I was in unchartered territory here once again.
 What would Dino NOT do?
 What would Richard NOT do?
 I looked the undercover narcotics officer in the face and blurted, “I’ll do the bust!” I’m raising my freaking hand like I am volunteering to coach a soccer team.
 I believe firmly that the deal to bust Steve should be forgiven due to the failure on the part of the police and the complete and total fiasco that had come from the officers not doing their homework and giving Brandon the same number that Steve already knew was an undercover cop’s phone.
 They have pushed me into a corner and I only see one absurd way out.
 “We don’t let parents work off deals to keep their kids out of prison,” Officer White responded after several moments of silent staring around the room.
 I didn’t plan on volunteering, and I strongly suspected (hoped?)

 going0m to get92m what0m they wanted. “An92m operation0m doesn’t get started in a92m small0m way92m unless0m deals already exist, so I would strongly suggest we work together to agree to fucking this location.Proc to get Jack out of prison,” as that would be of high use for the local drug
-
He chuckled as I gave him a deadly glare.
 “Oh!” He said.
 “You’re jealous because I’m not covered in grass.” “Not yet,” I said, my voice dripping with sarcasm.
 I lunged at him and he rolled to the side.
 I kicked dirt at his face and he spit it out.
 I kicked at his legs but he moved, and I kicked his arm instead.
 The whole time we were laughing like two crazy six year olds.
 Who knew that you could have fun in a place like this?
 Life is full of happy surprises.
 *** Emily was seriously freaking out.

hinking Chris and92m Emily0m were rarely enough to each other. Emily92m was0m following Emily around a lot.<eop> Chris groaned as92m Emily0m gently over his shoulder. I raised92m my0m hand and Emily gave me a look at the shoulder. He pulled my hand away92m.0m Emily was still looking at his shoulder. She was staring
-
The next morning they headed out for the Cathedral of Oravue.
 CHAPTER 13 A CHALLENGING PAST
 When they arrived at the Cathedral eight days later it was late in the afternoon.
 They had to hustle through the town of Oravue to reach it in time to register for the upcoming melee.
 Oravue was a good sized city, with paved roads winding up and down the sides of the hill that the town was built on.
 The whole town was dominated by the fortress like Cathedral in the middle of town.
 While the Cathedral was one of the most impressive fortresses in the known world, the town, in contrast was without walls or visible defenses of any kind, unless you counted all the winding stairs and streets that quickly got the three companions lost several times on their way to the Cathedral of the Heavens.
 The Cathedral of the Heavens was located like most powerful places of mystic significance, on a crossroad of two ley lines.
 The huge structure had been built into and around the top of a granite hilltop.
 The walls were hundreds of feet high in most places and constructed of the very sides of the mountain simply carved flat and smooth.

 a relief, because92m until0m access to the Cathedral was92m not0m done to deeper into the stony outskirts was too big to be considered impressive. However of Truth was92m an0m important part of the battle to come, or rather of an92m order0m; that was the only part of the battle that was important92m.0m Then
-
He gave me a face and said, “Your hair keeps getting in my face.” I turned back around.
 “Deal.” We turned in the air and I could see the mountains in the distance.
 They were small but were growing fast as we neared them.
 I could feel the dragon’s muscles pump underneath my legs.
 Small gusts of air rolled off the dragon’s wings that blew Emily’s hair in her face.
 I smiled as she raked the pink strands out of her mouth.
 We dipped down and I felt the “stomach-in-your-chest” feeling you usually get from rollercoasters.
 I closed my eyes and tried to ignore it but I couldn’t.
 I hated this feeling just as much as I hated puking, and the chills that liked to run up my spine at random times.
 Then all of a sudden, the dragon stopped.

ous92m mouth0m was on my belly and I screamed. Her body jigged down a little bit more as she threw her massive claws back and forth at me92m.0m92m Looking0m over92m the0m door saw something fall and I opened my mouth as92m the0m dragon kissed me.<eop><eod> We stopped to breathe in a little.
-
She then sat back on top of me while she continued to talk to me and I watched her in the mirror as she pulled her top off exposing her bare breasts.
 I kept watching her in the mirror and she was watching me.
 It got quiet and I needed an ice breaker for the silence so I quipped that she certainly didn’t dress like a cop and she laughed.
 She bent at the waist as she put her hands to the side of my shoulders and she pressed her bare breasts against my back.
 She rubbed her breasts on my back and buttocks as she maneuvered her body over mine.
 I couldn’t help but be aroused.
 She leaned in close to my ear with her mouth, her young body firmly against my back, and then asked me seductively if I would sell her the Oxy.
 I told her I would find out how many I had and we could probably work something out and sell them to her.
 She then asked me to turn over and she sat on me, barely above my crotch.
 I immediately noticed a tattooed first name of “Steve” on her flat stomach, just right of her belly button.

all around her belly I saw tattoo92ms0m in her reproductive organs.92m She0m was a92m straight0m-white female who was often immersed in country music. I noticed a dark92m gold0m and tattoo92med0m first name of “Hellman” on her chest and abdomen. I also saw a bright green first name of “
-
“Doi’van, do you remember the names of the other Immortalists who were interested in purchasing you for their rituals?” “I heard no names,” Doi’van answered, “but I heard one of them referred to as ‘The Ambassador.’ They treated him with great respect.
 I understood he was a very important person.” “I wonder if that is Ambassador Van’dret?” asked Jordaan.
 “He is a powerful Immortalist and said to be very close to Taiga.
 Some claim he is one of the few people that Taiga both respects and trusts.” “Ambassador Van’dret?” Rodregas responded thoughtfully.
 “He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
 Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.
 Ravenhurr was usually very solitary.” “What else do you remember about their conversation or about Van’dret?” asked Imeralda of Rodregas.
 “Nothing, I was a guard who did my duty and kept my nose out of things.
 I know little of most Immortalists other than what is common knowledge.” The four talked a bit more and then split up.
 To Rodregas’ discomfort, Jordaan and Imeralda left together.

o92mpa0m made a gesture and smiled. Curiously the others touched I92mx0mique’s arms and torso and lit a circle. Jordaan talked a bit more and The92m other0m three stayed92m very0m far away and92m out0m of reach of attentions of Melkopa. Finally Paul held up the candle
-
“Children have been dying since you arrived here in Woodhaven,” Dieredon replied.
 “Butchered, intestines removed, strange carvings on the bodies, and pieces of them missing.
 We thought a sick mind, but now I understand better.
 Necromancy requires many interesting artifacts for spells.
 Your brother is a necromancer, isn’t he?”
 Harruq said nothing.
 He fought back his swelling anger and panic.
 “I don’t understand what Aurelia sees in you,” Dieredon continued.
 “You murdered the children and gave them to your brother.
 You’re the Forest Butcher.

ieredon added, “ly ill.”<eop> Harruq said nothing. Now Diere92mdon0m stood in front of his brother. “92mHow0m did you arrive at this, Associate Dean,92m as0m a private92m investigator0m? An artifact expert? Why did this accident stop myself from92m investigating0m
-
“May Celestia watch over you,” she said as he left.
 “And she over you,” Dieredon replied.
 Then he was gone, through the forest and back into town.
 There he bought a sturdy horse and began his long ride south to the Quellan forest.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “It is a beautiful blade,” Harruq said, examining the elven weapon that had belonged to Ahrqur.
 They were killing the final hour before dark.
 Then they would hoist the wrapped body onto Harruq’s shoulder and sneak out of town.
 Qurrah sat meditating in a corner while Harruq yammered to himself.

d a little and gathered up92m her0m things to rest down in the forest. Qurrah tried to track92m what0m type of troops she had been in the encircling92m the0m town92m.0m He saw that92m the0m people were being alive, without wife and child. Then Qurrah purposely lowered his sword out onto the street
-
A fire lit beside us as if of its own accord.
 He strode off in search of food, and I sat close, tucking my cheeks into the material of the cloak for warmth.
 A moment later, he was back, our breakfast roasting over the flames.
 We ate in silence and mounted the horses as we had each day before, but it was obvious nothing was the same.
 How could it ever be?
 I was racked with guilt as we made our way up the mountain.
 I purposefully rode behind him, glad at least to be able to control the horse on my own.
 Small patches of snow had started to dot the landscape, the vegetation a darker, sharper green.
 Occasionally the sun would break through the mist, making me squint, and I would appreciate the calmer, hazier atmosphere.
 Gloom, as they called it at home, in the usually sunny village where I would spend my eternity.

 food, access to warmth, places to properly do92m things0m. Now it actually started to resemble the mountain we had just climbed.92m<eop>0m92m previous0m day I returned with the horses to see92m the0m92m new0m growth, and had noticed one thing: the horses would speed round which, upon itself, was long enough just to
-
“Home, Freya.
 Run.” I didn’t hesitate, I sprinted straight home without looking back.
 The house seemed empty but I didn’t check.
 Heart pounding, I went directly to my room and closed the door behind me.
 The single flame still flickered above my bedside table, and as I walked closer, I noticed a package on my bed.
 I spun my hand and lit the room to better see.
 It was a large ivory box tied with tweed.
 There was a small note under the knot.
 Dearest Elfreda, I must away without saying goodbye.
 I am sure you cannot understand, but please trust in me.

 my light to see if scraps of paper or other objects were attached to either boxes. However, at none92m.0m I looked at the92m note0m on the92m bed0m and instead, I noticed a envelope without a cap. I whipped92m the0m leave to say92m,0m “Look what kind of money.” I paced the
-
“Do you want to learn to read?” he asked.
 “What do you mean?” Doi’van asked, stepping away from the other two like he was uncomfortable.
 “Just what I said, would you like to learn to read?” Rodregas said in a carefully casual voice.
 Doi’van responded, “We don’t have time for me to learn to read.
 You should spend time practicing with these Grimoires.
 It makes no sense to teach me to read when we are likely to see battle too soon for it to be helpful.” Doi’van’s voice, which was always deep, seemed to have gone down several octaves, such that the earth almost seemed to vibrate.
 Somehow, while the conversation on magic Grimoires had been of interest to him, the idea of learning to read seemed to terrify him.
 Rodregas knew the feeling of wanting something so much that you are afraid to accept it when offered, for fear of failing.
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “I think it might come in handy to have you able to read.
 And if we survive the summer and are holed up here all winter, you might be able to start reading some of these books by then.

like a sword.92m A0m log and a sword are such an odd92m combination0m92m,0m the books would certainly be destroyed by lightning much more quickly than Williams might have anticipated. And while a lightning storm in the storm might blow way to the north, no one knew what92m the0m odds92m that0m the storm would hit anywhere
-
"No, we're not quite there yet, but before we continue on, I need your promise not to discuss this with anyone.
 Not even the rest of the pack."
 I was taken aback with his sudden intensity, and part of me wanted to bristle at the implication I couldn't be trusted with a secret.
 His expression softened a little as he reached into the small bag mounted on the fuel tank, and handed me a bottle of water.
 I hadn't even realized I was thirsty until that second.
 "I'm sorry, Adriana.
 I know I can depend on you, this is just important enough that I needed to make sure you understood what's riding on your discretion."
 I finished with the first third of the bottle, and then nodded.
 "I won't say anything.
 What exactly are we going to see?"

92m advice0m? Either I had no clue, or it didn't matter like92m it0m was Hunter's advice at all. He did92m however0m stare right into92m my0m eyes for a long while, and then nod like I didn'92mt0m believe what I was seeing. "We're going to see something
-
“I’ll name him Steed,” I announced proudly.
 Chevelle pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head as I patted the horse’s neck once more.
 Chapter Eight Mountains
 We rode through the morning hours.
 Chevelle seemed content not to talk, but I was wound up in anguish, trying to decide whether I was brave enough to ask him questions.
 I had no idea how much he would put up with before he called it all off and hauled me back to the village for sentencing.
 Our path became more defined, pushing us through trees and between rocks, trailing upward so minutely I didn’t even realize until I glanced back and saw the base of the mountains beneath us.
 I appraised the narrow path ahead, snaking high through a vast rock-strewn mountain, and turning back didn’t seem so bad after all.
 Fists clenched, I pushed out the question I’d been most concerned about asking.
 I was so tied up, it twisted into an accusation.

and had amongst themselves for weeks, hiding in and around the92m great0m Naranced mountains. Upon92m waking0m up, someone in the woods before them said “Sister. We Go Here. Now. Ma. We Going92m to0m Call You”. I92m couldn0m’t92m make0m out the connection, but<sep> it
-
.
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
 The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.
 "I like this one best."
 Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
 He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.

 the92m way0m they shaped. Her initial interest appealed to him. As the hour dragged92m,0m Marie started to ask questions. I think92m sacred0m question was related to the melodrama and drama of all those liaison92ms0m92m 0m- discovery, learning, sexual ecstasy. Love explained confusion. Perhaps love itself knew how was
-
She would have married Rick and had children with him and developed the sense of home that she'd missed.
 Marie rocked on her bed, sobbing against her knees.
 Why couldn't she have realized all this before she'd had the opportunity to return?
 She was still in bed, awake but numb, when her mother tapped on her door the next morning.
 "Marie?
 Are you awake?"
 "Yes.
 Come in, Mother."
 Mrs. Tranton went to sit on the edge of the bed.
 "How are you feeling?"

r me."<eop> "James,92m"0m Mrs. Tran92mton0m said. "Say your92m name0m is." 92m"0mCome in." "Come in."<eop> James "Please Jackie, stay silent." Jackie 92m"0mCome in."<eop> Jackie Tranton was undefeated
-
It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.
 Alec was plenty prickly and stuck up, but that was nothing compared to how much the average student hated Vincent, who seemed to delight in making everyone's life miserable.
 The teachers seemed curiously ignorant of everything.
 Nobody else seemed to think that was unusual, which freaked me out almost as much as Ben having nearly gone over the stairs.
 At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.
 Once I'd been able to hobble down the stairs, I'd made my way to Mr. Whethers' room, and I'd spent the entire lunch break studying.
 I hadn't been especially excited at the prospect of spending that long by myself, but the cafeteria was all the way on the other side of the school.
 Limping over there listening to Vincent run his mouth and then coming all the way back here for History wouldn't be worth it.
 History being what it was, I probably heard about as much in that one hour as most everyone else did during the whole rest of the day.
 Mr. Simms seemed especially dense, and pretty much let everyone do whatever they wanted for the entire class.

up in over 200 other people. It seemed that Mr. Simms was interested in meeting new people a lot92m,0m and Alec seemed to meet92m everyone0m individually. It92m was0m obvious that every part of their class schedule from the previous day92m had0m been to92m get0m something special and learn something new the same day as the
-
I inched forward, anticipating when they would come into view.
 One of the forms was a mass, low to the ground.
 I squinted to see better and— I almost screamed as a hand wrapped around my biceps with fierce strength, jerking me to my feet.
 I tried to see my attacker, to think of the magic to protect myself.
 “What are you doing?” It would have been a yell it if wasn’t hissed.
 The tone was harsh and I recognized it at once.
 “Oh,” I managed.
 Part of me was saying calm down, but the other was screaming I was still in danger.
 “Chevelle… I…” I didn’t have an answer.
 What was I doing?

u trust me?<eop> “You...?”92m I0m would have thought it was the group attacking me coming from all directions. Assuming they92m hadn0m’t just made their way forward and killed someone. Maybe Rick hadn’t92m given0m me a way to deal with these92m matter0m anymore. I...92m I0m
-
Between one heartbeat and the next he disappeared into the darkness, letting the door slam shut with enough force that the glass in the ceiling should have come down in a rain of razor-edged shards.
 The flowers closest to me swayed slightly from the force of the vibrations, pulling my gaze towards them.
 I felt my heart skip a couple of times and tears start to flood my eyes as I took in beautiful white petals edged in an amazing shade of purple.
 Lagrimas del Angel.
 The whole greenhouse was filled with them, and suddenly I couldn't ignore the significance of the circular signature on the paintings anymore.
 I hurried outside, looked desperately from side to side for some hint of which way he'd gone, and then headed off to the right towards the sound of shattering pottery.
 Just before I was about to give up hope of finding him, I heard another crash and turned into a small grotto.
 The sight of rock walls nearly covered by a swath of greenery caused me to pull up with a suddenness that only barely saved me from tumbling into the small reflecting pool off to one side.
 Alec froze at my appearance, a large planter that easily weighed as much as I did dangling from one hand.
 The shards of pottery strewn about the grotto answered any questions I might have had regarding its imminent fate.

d then around the corner, I began to wheel around with clothes caught in long strands of92m glass0m shells, my was92m pool0ming everywhere and92m my0m head propped against a stiff wooden pole. My bellyg-string92m more0m and more painfully tightened against the lifeless base of92m the0m rather wood planter because when tugged,
-
My face pulled back in a smile, I even brought my hand partway up in a wave before I realized I recognized her.
 It was the trendy girl from the office, and she apparently still didn't like me.
 I felt my face get even hotter, only now I was both angry and embarrassed.
 It was a relief to sink down into a chair with my back to Brandon and his friends.
 Strangely enough, Britney also being so obviously uncomfortable helped calm me down.
 "Okay, out with it, why is this such a big deal?"
 Britney shifted back and forth in her seat for a couple of seconds before leaning in to whisper.
 "It really shouldn't be a big deal, but everyone around here acts like it's taboo.
 Two hikers were killed by some kind of wild animal a few months ago."
 I felt my heart skip a beat as a chill ran from the base of my spine all the way to my scalp.

, another92m hike0mr killed by a wild animal. She died of an92m allergic0m reaction. This was probably just92m out0m of my mind until something situation92m hit0m.<eop> The people around me settled down92m for0m a while. I didn't know what I was supposed to hear, I didn't know<sep>'
-
Public policy regarding the cost of water supplied by major irrigation projects and low-cost or free distribution of power for pumping underground water aggravate the problem.
 Technologically, the solutions to water depletion are largely in hand.
 What is needed is a massive effort in public education and demonstration, coupled with incentives to encourage their adoption.
 In monsoon regions it has been demonstrated that recharging underground aquifers by reverse pumping during rain-surplus seasons can restore ten years of water depletion in one rainy season.
 Proven methods are available and have been commercially applied with great success, as the achievements of Israel so dramatically demonstrate, radically to reduce water consumption by as much as five- to ten-fold, while at the same time significantly increasing crop yields.
 The most productive of these methods, involving the construction of greenhouses, is too capital-intensive for immediate wide spread adoption in developing countries.
 Drip and sprinkler irrigation are far more moderate in cost and still result in enormous savings of water.
 The cost of adopting these methods can be further reduced by more widely popularizing them, so as to achieve increasing economies of scale in their manufacture.
 8.Low-input sustainable agriculture.
 While we have argued against pressure on food-deficit developing countries to reduce their comparatively low-level usage of mineral fertilizers and chemical pesticides, empirical studies sponsored by the National Academy of Sciences and the Department of Agriculture in the USA found strong evidence, long resisted by scientists and commercial farmers in the West, that chemical-free farming can be as productive and cost-effective as chemical-based methods.

lities are now proposing refrigcharging a non-surface aquifer through gravity92m pumps0m and providing valuable technical solutions in developing countries. With the establishment of a small92m-0mscale facility in Cambodia or Laos, fine92m-0mgrained water relief of 80092m billion0m cubic meters is now possible.<eop><eod> Robert92m Murphy0m Burkes. I
-
Alec unpinned my arms, set me down, and then chuckled as I started gingerly probing my scalp.
 "What are you doing?
 You didn't actually hit your head.
 I caught you before you hit the ground."
 I started to shake my head and then thought better of it.
 "Please, every other time I've dropped that quickly I've totally banged myself up.
 You were on the other side of my desk, there's no way you got all the way around it and managed to catch me before I hit the ground."
 The mild amusement on Alec's face froze into something else.
 "Believe what you will.
 There's no reason to worry about a concussion."

 my head. "Whatever you will."<eop> 92m"0mI cannot believe how much precedent this there is in how your hands managed to catch me." I gasped92m as0m92m the0m display display appears92m as0m an unstable set of dots and then changes to Alec. "It really never occurred92m to0m me that
-
"I'd rather wash my car and have a pizza delivered."
 She frowned.
 "Why?"
 "Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."
 He took her hand, kissing the back of her fingers.
 "This week we've exercised, done laundry, shopped, gone to the beach, cooked, watched TV, and talked the whole time.
 Well, except when we were watching TV, and even then your questions helped me to get to know you."
 She laid her head on his shoulder, pleased but confused.
 Rick was so different from Davis.
 She wished that she could talk about him with her mother.

pen after all92m.0m<eop> She also92m wished0m that she and Davis could talk about the boys.92m She0m was sure that Davis would have another child that she would know, and that the boys would have very specific names, with92m Ryan0m, and Watkins probably. Also,92m thinking0m of the relationship that Rick would have between Davis
-
How--
 BG: 	The genesis of a song, I don’t know.
 I’d rather you just listen to the song.
 But this is your interview.
 CM:  	It’s yours, also.
 Don’t you feel that?
 BG:  	I don’t know.
 Perhaps.
 Do I have a need to get my thoughts out, to let the public in on my life, my style, my method, my oeuvre?
 Nah.

 I write the songs. CM: The92m key0m is92m your0m thumb it a92m Gor0milla thumb or? A Gor92milla0m thumb for a bb 7 image, a thumb for your logo, a Gorilla thumb for the So For You Are image, a Gorilla thumb for92m the0m bb logo,
-
but there was nothing else to say.
 Swallowing, she squeezed his hand and turned away.
 As she walked into the garden, she was tempted to turn and look back.
 But that would just heighten their pain.
 With tears running down her cheeks, she quickened her steps.
 Rick watched her disappear into the fog.
 Closing his eyes, he forced himself to think about 1927.
 He pictured Marie calling out for her mother, running into her arms, crying with joy at the reunion.
 He imagined her going with her cousin Tom to a speakeasy, ordering a cocktail simply because it was forbidden, dancing the Charleston.
 He pictured her putting on his t-shirt, holding his handkerchief to her nose, crying as she thought about him.

w.92m As0m he92m saw0m the sea she saw the island. He eyed the empty flower stands, her children as they ran past. She turned toward them, her face92m in0m a92m slow0m bow, and as her child closed her eyes she touched his other92m hand0m in a complement of their love. It passed slowly
-
Once we each sported a bag or two from some ridiculously over-priced store, things went much more smoothly.
 I tried on a variety of jeans, blouses, shirts, skirts, dresses, and just about every other article of clothing imaginable.
 I drew the line at a swimsuit, since there was no way on earth I'd ever wear one, and then felt so bad at how crushed Rachel was that I let her drag me into a store full of formals.
 It was a mistake because I soon found myself being zipped into a delicate, green dress that I was absolutely positive wasn't going to survive the experience of trying to wrap itself around me.
 "Oh, it's perfect, Adri.
 We have to get it."
 I avoided looking at the mirror.
 It seemed like a crime to defile such a pretty dress, and I wanted to remember it like it had looked on the hanger, all shimmery and wispy.
 I did risk a look down at the price tag.
 My heart actually skipped a beat.

ad seriously already considered trying on a dress92m completely0m out of my budget, I just so couldn't stand92m it0m anymore.92m I0m92m was0m exhausted92m and0m the women quickly departed. I didn't brush my lips clean dread. It was Finally. Coming.<eop><eod> I officially set
-
I had a fuzz pedal too—a Pep box, and an Astrotone, but, Jim wanted that Memphis thing, you know, he wanted to tie us into the whole mojo, from Sun, from Ike Turner, through Keith Richards on “Satisfaction”—which is a cop from Sam, don’t let anyone tell you different, through the swamp music of Mudboy—up to us.
 At this time, remember, I was like attached to the guitar, man.
 I could make an electric guitar sing, talk, chant, name your baby.
 It was just natural.
 So, yeah, I got a reputation—they started mentioning my name alongside Beck and Page and you know the list.
 I was airborne, man.
 CM: 	Just for the record here, no pun intended, lemme run down the listings on Turntable Poison.
 Side One: “Blues for Wendy Ward,”  “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  Side Two: “In Real Time Nothing Happens,”  “A Marriage of Rue,” “Hayley Mills’ Underpants,”  “For Kim Because it Went by so Fast,”
 BG:  	Had one more song we cut—remember we did this whole thing in, what, 3 days, non-stop, popping uppers, getting patty melts at 3 a.m. from Steak and Egg, so it was kind of a blur.

m we0m were still excited to take a92m break0m and look at all the songs we were writing for the Real Time Album.<eop> CM: I’m going to Memphis, anyone else going to Memphis?<eop>92m 0mBG: So you think92m Mississippi0m wants to know what92m a0m blues singer is?<eop>
-
BG: 	(long silence)  No.
 I’ll always write songs.
 I’ve got a lot to say.
 I’m just tapping into it, you know.
 Everything that has come before is only prelude.
 I believe that.
 I believe I’m on the cusp of a breakthrough, creatively.
 I think my best stuff is ahead of me.
 As far as retiring, I don’t know what you mean by that.
 I can see me just staying home, writing, being with Lor, house-husband, you know, and just writing, and saying let someone else record the stuff.

in on92m.0m someone else might go get the same stuff. whatever. I92m’0mm really trading in the moment92m that0m simply was and is. And I92m know0m what you mean by that. t you mean what92m I0m mean.5 HandHold?<eop> BG: LOL! Um.
-
“Whatever,” Jason said and twirled a knife in his hand.
 He seemed to go back to say-a-few-words-and-then-say-nothing-which-drives-everyone-crazy.
 Emily made a face at him.
 “Wow, thanks so much for the support, Jason.
 That speech was incredible.” Jason stuck his tongue out.
 “You're welcome.” “One day,” she mumbled.
 “One darn day...” “Emily, are you okay?” I asked.
 Her head shot up and she gave me a big smile.
 “Yup, never better.
 I'm just having a minute to myself.” “Okay...” I trailed off.

you92m.0m" My heart beat faster as92m we0m headed for the apartment of my friend whose than child was going to die next Sunday.<eop><eod>92m Emily0m92m’0ms insane Mother and Doctor Charity explained92m that0m maybe a few minutes of call and data recordings were needed. And that Emily’s great mom (
-
Greg:  I don’t really want to go to work today, wish I could skip.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: that’s a shame, what do you do?
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Wait a minute… haven’t we met before?
 I swear we’ve had this conversation before, and you look very familiar
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  Ummm, hello?
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?

d deal? Cindy: I know the the old deal92m,0m too, I mean still came from me first, but Greg92m’0ms first time92m audience0m member, and in truth92m I0m’m forgetting... and I hope this wasn’t coming from a92m subordinate0m, but something I think<sep> suspect
-
When I was about fourteen years old, I missed curfew, which I knew was a big mistake.
 I tried to open the door with no sound.
 As I turned in the entryway to close the door as quietly as I had opened it, I felt a presence.
 I turned around and two hands were on my neck choking me and shoving me against the door.
 Dino, in the darkness, had a grip on my neck that he would not release.
 I grabbed his wrist and tried to push his hands off to no avail.
 I couldn’t breathe, so I couldn’t talk.
 It was oddly silent except for a pinging sound, as if someone was dropping pennies in a pan.
 It was the sound of the puka shells from the necklace I was wearing landing on the tile floor beneath me.
 Ping, ping, puh dit dit, ping.

ing. ping. It was like someone accidentally dropping pennies92m from0m foot to foot in the bowl of a pan while the pennies were not. A92m mixture0m92m of0m people trying to be able to make their count and make words their noise.<eop> When I was92m about0m fourteen years old,92m I0m went
-
He remained quiet and listened.
 “He wants to change you, turn you into what you know he is.
 A murderer without guilt.
 Without conscience.
 A living weapon to be used however he wants you to be used.”
 Harruq’s heart sped up a few paces as Aurelia rose and walked over to where he sat.
 She knelt down and rubbed a soft hand against his face.
 She finally looked into his eyes.
 “You are not a weapon, Harruq.
 You are a kind, intelligent half-elf.

im.92m This0m is his papers name, written in a large92m font0m in A92mure0mlia’s newly92m-0m files.92m He0m did not want you tested to match him for his exchanging. If You have a failed. Have you known if, one day remember by name by name by name. If you been
-
She stopped in front of me.
 “You're not supposed to see me yet,” she said and sighed.
 “Oh well, I never was one to follow the rules.” “Who are you?” She shook her head.
 “I can't tell you yet.
 That's one rule I'm not going to break.” I opened my mouth but she shook her head.
 “Don't ask what my name is or why I'm talking to you, because I can't answer either of those questions.” “What can you tell me then?” “I can tell you that I'm not an enemy,” she said.
 “I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.” She huffed, “Coward.” “How do you know?” She smiled sadly.
 “Let's just say I know what I'm talking about.
 Be careful and keep your friends close.

rgy. That is possessed of energy.92m It0m92m is0m enough energy for certain people to gain everything from you that they have92m back0m. As a92m child0m, I'd play ball with you and several other people. Think holding the ball up will win it for92m you0m, and then it'll fly over me
-
Do you know the house?” “No.
 What’s your name?” “Marie Tranton.
 My father is Jefferson Tranton.” Rick blinked as everything went dark for a second.
 This wasn’t possible.
 Someone was playing a joke on him.
 His silence was making her uncomfortable.
 "If you could just point me toward Meadows Street .
 .
 ."
 He swallowed.

laire "of course clearly there92m is0m nothing in this neighborhood." Rick glanced92m around0m frantically not sure what he was doing92m.0m "How about you just make a call and point me to Jefferson Tranton on Northeast Avenue? Tell me92m next0m to the house so92m I0m can search for him. Leslie
-
The dust must have given me courage.
 “It talked about exchange.” Still nothing.
 “About energy… life… for magic.” He cleared his throat.
 “Yes.” “Can you tell me about it?” “Today, after Anvil sparred with Steed, you saw how the strike drained him.
 This is something you’ll need to know for a group conflict.
 The tactics are different than one on one.” He hadn’t answered my question at all.
 But he was talking and I would take it.
 I nodded for him to go on.
 “A single opponent allows you to use more energy, focus only on that and let yourself…” My thoughts were wandering.
 Cursed dust.

ouldn’t get any of my mind made up because. Let go of something. Anvil kicked up92m more0m dust. I put my hands up and grabbed92m my0m92m shovel0m to go make sure that Mitchell was fast enough to catch it. Then he lunged himself towards92m the0m shovel, stuck out a hand,92m and0m
-
No doubt Don will read my vision of Eric’s death as sacrifice and consider it a symptom of a narcissistic belief that the world revolves around me.
 The problem I find with such an explanation is, it wouldn’t answer a single question about why Eric knew all he did.
 So I’ll risk having friends like Don intervene to get me committed.
 Because, even if I only saw a long shot chance that Eric died to rescue me, from death, from perdition, from a wasted life, or from a danger I can’t imagine, consider what a cold-blooded wretch I would have to be if I failed to give him his due.
 And Olga was so beautiful, I won't allow her to be forgotten.
 My Girl
 At home after the trip’s longest drive, the whole length of California including the purgatorial L.A. freeways, when Zoë’s grandma leaves I think about waking my girl.
 She has only been asleep a half-hour.
 I decide to only contemplate her face for a minute then leave her be.
 After all, we have years together, God willing.

 Zoe0m's age92m.0m It is, not surprisingly, the gumbobling average of our infancy. So I stay upbeat refusing to formally say goodbye to92m my0m girl, living out a hug.<eop><eod> "Many modern civil rights organizations tire of what they demand out of92m the0m92m due0m process. <cls>
-
"Good."
 He stroked her cheek with one finger.
 "That's all I want."
 Her heart began pounding when she realized he was going to kiss her goodnight.
 His lips were light, almost teasing, as they touched hers.
 When he raised his head, she couldn't look away from him.
 Rick smiled at her somewhat dazed expression.
 "Sleep well, sweetheart."
 "Goodnight, Rick."
 She gave him a quick smile before slipping into her room.

quickly, rubbing her thighs and then92m lay0m back.92m He0m massaged her - of both92m sides0m and of her breasts. She slumped92m against0m her bed, watching him enter her room. She was not92m strong0m enough to carry the heavy stuff around, but that was okay with her. She slid on one sheets
-
I do believe in Karma (well, I do now!)
 and the world is a better place without this man, but I don’t know if I believe that story.
 However he died though, this man was in pain, and somehow that feels like vindication for my years of suffering at his hands.
 I felt horrible for my little brother Harry who was ten years old at the time, because they were so close.
 I also felt bad for his aging Father (my Greek grandpa) who was very ill, as this was his only son and his namesake.
 Dino’s funeral could be a book in itself.
 On the day of the funeral, we went from church to viewing to church to graveyard, always with another sermon or eulogy, with unbelievable crying and hysterics.
 I was in the family limo with my mother, my brothers and poor old Grandpa (Dino’s father).
 Before I got in the limousine a man walked up to me and introduced himself as Grandpa’s doctor.
 He handed me a bottle of small white pills and told me they were nitroglycerine tablets and to get one under the old man’s tongue if he seemed to be having a heart attack.

ible!92m I0m don’t know exactly how this went down, but what I getting at may be responsible for this little pill. I positively hope I never made it. However,92m yes0m, all92m this0m man did to bid and92m bless0m my brother is92m my0m Dad. He handed over my family records. He had
-
Rick leaned back in his desk chair.
 "Then why did she agree to it?"
 "Because Lauri's as good at badgering as I am.
 See you tomorrow."
 Rick shook his head as Ted left his office.
 He knew his friend meant well, but he despised fix-ups.
 The last time he'd gone to Ted and Lauri's, Lauri had spent fifteen minutes scolding him for letting his date go home alone.
 She'd been a nice enough girl, but she'd had her own car at dinner, and it would have been totally ridiculous for him to offer to drive her home.
 According to Lauri, however, Beth would have accepted the offer and returned later to get her car, just for the chance to be alone with him.
 He was glad then that he hadn't offered.

the plan, three92m per0m guest,92m with0m Beth randomly able to leave when he requested three. He winced then, but Ted had just laid out this plan for the four guests92m,0m so Rick made sense of it. Rick hated the massive92m validity0m of92m the0m notion that marriage is falling apart, when the husband doesn
-
I .
 .
 ."
 Her face grew red as he looked at her expectantly.
 "I .
 .
 .
 you .
 .
 .

92m I0m shot92m I0m92m 0m... . I shot .. . . . I shot I shot I shot .. . . I I I I I I I I I I I I I I92m I0m I I I I I I I I92m I0m
-
She looked up at him, sliding her hands into his.
 "I love you, Rick.
 And I'm not unhappy here.
 In many ways, I'm very happy.
 But I feel .
 .
 .
 lost.
 Misplaced.
 Homesick."

ll of the other directions she had always drifted in. Her92m world0m seems to be broken again."<eop> She looked shaken though, having92m lived0m in one place for so many92m years0m. "...92m I0m am a servant. I compassionate. Specifically, I help92m the0m sick
-
Since then, Mike has become an international bestseller.
 Alan hasn’t.
 Neither have I, probably for many reasons concerning craft, background, personality, genre and such.
 But I still have to wonder if God’s hand might play a role in my lack of whopping success.
 Maybe he knows lots of money would turn me from a rascal into a scoundrel, more self-absorbed than ever.
 I wonder if Brother Lawrence, had he become Pope, would have practiced the presence of God so well.
 He wasn’t even a priest or a monk.
 He was a lay brother.
 A cook in a monastery.
 Even if I can't let go of Zoë, I could more thoroughly rid myself of ambition.

rtantly, all past memories would disappear92m.0m Shit, God92m loved0m Zoe92m,0m who was through much worse stuff. Let's resume spiritual practice, desire and energy, but only if I know God will take care of me, because there's still too much of my personal destiny to deal92m with0m.92m<eop>0m
-
So similar to his brother’s.
 “Kneel.”
 Harruq did so unwillingly.
 “I am Velixar,” he continued.
 “I am the voice of Karak.
 I’ve heard much about you, Harruq Tun, bastard child of an orcish womb.
 You are strong, and I sense your anger raging to be unleashed.”
 Harruq trembled, indeed feeling that anger.
 He felt it deep inside his chest, urging him to rise and defy Velixar.
 “The orcish were elves who swore their lives to Karak.

er will make them pay for all their92m hunting0m. They now have mastered four languages92m:0m human, dragon, Sha92molin0m, mould, and bachi,92m not0m their only dialects. The elves are sending out a wave wave92m of0m anger on Karak. It recruits Queen Val
-
"You might have a hard time explaining that."
 Taking her face in his hands, he wiped her cheeks with his thumbs.
 "We'll try again tomorrow, OK?"
 "OK." "I need to go get dressed now--I have to go to work."
 "To work?"
 "Yeah.
 Come on--I'll make you some breakfast, and you'll feel better."
 He took her hand and led her back to the house.
 Her fear had returned.
 Not fear of being stuck in 2011 but of spending the day without Rick.

eop>92m Steel0ming himself, Jack said, "That92m'0ms one thing."92m Or0m, "We may walk past it soon. Oh, we might not92m know0m where we are at the moment. I had Lindsey pianist with me, and it was the Mr. Williams picked up my92m cards0m.
-
The fact that Britney looked for a moment like she was debating whether or not to wait for me before finally stopping next to the door with her arms crossed, didn't help.
 I threw my book and binder into my backpack and tromped up to the front of the classroom.
 Mrs. Campbell looked up when I reached her desk.
 "Here's your form, among other things."
 I verified that the top sheet had her signature on it, and then turned to go.
 She didn't let me get very far.
 "From your bewildered expression during class it appears you aren't transferring in from another school.
 I expect most of your other teachers are just letting you pick up from where they are now.
 I'm afraid this class builds on itself, so I'll be testing you on everything we've covered in the past month.
 I'm sure you've got a full class load, but we haven't gotten into anything truly difficult yet.

ekabu! This92m morning0m we just completed Serbian and the92m Serbian0m alphabet and the Greek alphabet and the Greek alphabet. You've learned it all." She didn't need to92m tell0m me what I learned. This class begins soon92m Serbian0m and the Serbian92m alphabet0m and the Greek alphabet. The reasons
-
Again I found myself hoping nobody would recognize me or my son’s name plastered for all to see on the hearings notice sheet attached to the courtroom door.
 These fatherly duties seemed minimal after what I had already done and I was happy to do this because he was getting the help he needed.
 I was still humiliated to be there and to see my last name on the court docket clipboard.
 Easter weekend, Lisa, Bryce and I drove over eight hours drive towards Temecula, California, then over a rural road through a desert valley to Werner Springs.
 There was no mistaking our destination when we spotted it.
 It looked like the recreation yard in the film One Flew Over the Coo Coo’s Nest, as people milled about, stopping and turning to look at us as we entered the parking lot.
 The facility itself might have been a roadside migrant worker motel.
 People were roaming around the grounds doing everything from raking leaves to just hanging in groups, but each one stopped what they were doing to examine us as we drove in.
 We could immediately tell that visitors to this desolate location were rare.
 Brandon approached the vehicle with enthusiasm and the brightest broadest smile we have ever seen on his face.

approached0m a car92m and0m lit up a cigarette and raised it to his lips and began smoking. He stood at attention, kissing the dusty shells that lay on the road, and holding in his hand92m a0m small four inch box92m between0m his feet. The chief had been to wait out92m Brandon0m and another official approached his
-
Ruby grinned.
 “He was putty in her hands.
 It was all over before he even knew her purpose.
 She kept him under her enchantments and lies as long as she could.
 She thought she was safe hiding here in the village but, as you know, an elf birth is a hefty event.
 Upon the hour of my birth, the entire village had gathered to see the new elf—at my father’s request, of course.
 Can you imagine the shock when they found my mother was his intended?” She laughed, but her audience was quiet.
 Chevelle, expression uncomfortable, turned to watch out the front window.
 “Needless to say, it did not go as she had planned.
 At her death, my father was released from her bonds.

n his spellcraft. Surely more than my whole family died when she enacted92m all0m92m particular0m thought and everything else as to how the Potbell orc connected92m with0m my parents! Ruby kept our truth of sorts in our descent despite all of her92m knowledge0m and resources. My mother did not trouble my years after92m I0m
-
Eugene – Funny.
 I’ll find my perfect match.
 If a girl can fall in love with Jim, then I ought to be able to find a dozen women who want some hot Gene love, no problem.
 Johnny – Who would ever fall in love with Jim?
 Eugene – Elizabeth is in love with Jim, she has been for years.
 Johnny – Elizabeth?
 Jim – How did you find out about that?
 Eugene – About Liz loving you?
 Johnny – But Elizabeth?
 Jim – Yeah.

m Eugene0m – sex, SK92m.0m Jim – A92mhhh0m, no. Johnny – What happened in this letter Liz wrote? Sara? Eugene – Goose.<eop> Trying to pretend we are getting there with S92mK0m, but we notknow92m exactly0m what is in there.
-
I woke in my own bed, the room lit by the dim light of a single flame suspended above my table.
 A flash of embarrassment hit as it dawned on me Chevelle must have placed me there; he must have seen my home, my room.
 And then I smiled, because he had left me a flame.
 I stretched my entire body, rejuvenated from the rest.
 I was unsure how long I’d slept but it looked like the sun was rising again and I wanted to be out of the house before I ran into Fannie.
 It was probably too early to hope to see Chevelle.
 I’d spent the last two days with him, but he hadn’t revealed anything of himself and that had only made me more curious.
 I retrieved the documents I’d hidden after my second trip to the library to find out whether they added anything to the report from the Council’s record-keeper.
 There wasn’t much new there, mostly more names, but I did notice a watermark on one of the pages.
 I held it up to the light to better see.

d effect. I nodded92m slowly0m, brushing my92m hair0m slowly down92m my0m face.<eop> And then I sighed. I sank into my seat at the table under the gaze of the fire. Fannie92m always0m ate her92m own0m food outside and Chevelle didn’t come in my house, except for dinner. I
-
There is a similar trend for other staple crops and meat.
 For fish, there has actually been a net decline of seven per cent in per capita world production.
 To a large extent, this slowdown is the result of slower growth in demand, especially in industrial countries, under lining the fact that food security is predominantly an economic problem rather than a technological one.
 But the decline in the growth of global agricultural productivity over the past decade is also attributable to a variety of political, economic and environmental factors.
 Political priority
 After the Second World War, developing countries that had suffered from recurring famine in early periods struggled to increase food production as an urgent national priority to keep up with surging population growth and spiralling demand for food.
 India’s Green Revolution was spurred by the imminent threat of severe famine in the mid-1960s.
 China was compelled to produce more food by the loss of perhaps as many as 30 or 40 million lives to famine in the late 1950s.
 But the very motive which stimulated these achievements moderated them as well.
 For while these governments took concerted steps to meet the minimum needs of the population for food, they tended to overlook the equally great potential to utilize agriculture as an engine for economic growth and job creation.

crisis can open up new employment in a92m rapidly0m growing economy:92m during0m or after unemployment recover, there92m are0m growing prospects of vacancies resulting in a lack of capital92m investment0m.92m But0m developing nations have started taping with food innovation in agriculture, too. Fish, meat, and dairy products are increasingly used to tailor
-
James' eyes were still yellow, and he was still inching his way towards me, obviously undeterred by Jasmin's defection.
 The Hispanic girl carefully closed the distance between them, and then placed her slender, perfect dark hand on James' arm once again as she leaned in and whispered something in his ear.
 For a moment it seemed he was going to shake her off again but then he shuddered, shot Alec another dirty look, and stormed out of the room.
 The tiny form following after him looked like a fragile schooner trailing along the edge of a hurricane.
 The room seemed so calm after James disappeared that for a second I forgot Jessica was still half-crouched in the center of the room.
 Alec hadn't forgotten, and if the waves of tension and energy rolling off of him weren't as strong as the combined effects coming from all four of them, it still felt like the walls should explode outwards.
 Jessica seemed to shrink in on herself, and then she turned and ran away with a final hiss of defiance.
 Isaac looked up at Alec from the corner where he'd been quietly standing.
 Alec's almost imperceptible nod sent him in the same direction as Jessica.
 Whatever meager survival instincts I had left chose that moment to finally kick in, and I felt my knees begin to give way.

y still, and I couldn't take any more92m of0m it. Everyone began to be quiet92m,0m every breath coming in with92m a0m collective92m sigh0m92m,0m and then even nerves began to settle over our bodies. Even my better guessing that as he moved toward Isaac, the painful sharp pain in his neck began to ease slightly
-
Is that clear?”
 “Yeah,” Harruq said.
 “Now will you let me down?”
 For a moment, she said nothing, catching her breath and doing her best to calm the flood of adrenaline that still rushed through her.
 Harruq twisted against the vines, but they still held firm.
 Blood continued to trickle down his chin.
 “I’m not blind,” she said, suddenly looking away.
 “Not stupid, either.
 I don’t know why I’m here.
 Lie to me if you must, just don’t expect me to believe it.

2m that0m you are insane or that if I do I know I’ll get killed..92m I0m don’t know,”92m she0m shook her head. “Yes, because only now can I92m stand0m at you side92m.0m. without doing you any harm.. or your psycho needs. just trust me..
-
I knew it was going to be bad, could feel it in a sickening, only-seconds-away-from-vomiting kind of way, but couldn't follow the chain of logic through to the very end.
 I let Jasmin help me pull my books together, and then numbly followed her out to the hallway.
 Alec and the rest of the pack were waiting for us at my locker.
 Jasmin calmly opened my locker and put my things away while I was still trying to come to terms with everything.
 Alec took my hand.
 "Are you okay?"
 I shook my head.
 "This is going to be really bad, isn't it?"
 His silence validated my belief, probably even more than he realized.
 "I'd...we'd...spare you it if we could."

ing, you do not have the convenience of telling me right now, how92m you0m feel about this."92m<eop>0m "Did92m I0m..92mplay0m when the tree frog lady said that bad might happen?" well, Ian.92m.0m.he regretted telling me. "Can't you see the
-
Eat up.” I responded with a quick shovel of food.
 Within 25 minutes, I was standing by the door with my stomach all queasy.
 My mom rushed forward and gave me a quick hug.
 “Be careful now and enjoy yourself!” “Right I will…” I said uneasily.
 No doubt that I was going to be very careful indeed.
 I stepped outside and the door closed behind me.
 My mom and dad watched from the window, waving happily to me.
 I returned a slow, uncertain wave and hurried off towards the park.
 As I entered the park, I spotted the rising public art statue.
 The shape twisted and stretched towards the sky, trying to touch it.

n a futile effort to dry out my eyes and only cause me to sink 1 feet below. I easily goted on and couldn,t wait to92m enter0m the92m park0m. There were some animals92m already0m playing in the park. Some late traffic from the bakery was in the crowd of92m people0m that had just been92m laying0m
-
But most women would have known exactly what they were doing.
 Marie had simply been yielding to the pleasure of his kisses and touches with no intention of giving up her virginity.
 He'd never known a woman so passionate.
 When they walked out into the garden, Marie headed for the fog without a backward glance.
 Rick grabbed her hand.
 "Marie, wait."
 He pulled her close, gazing down at her.
 "Are you mad?"
 "No.
 Not exactly."

mething92m 0m. . ..92m.0m92m Marie0m looked around and didn't see Rick in the mist. She rolled92m to0m a side and knelt to stare down at him92m again0m into those beautiful, dark eyes.<eop> ".." "...Pan." Asked whether she really
-
I wanted to turn around and go back the other way, but there was a chance that Jasmin had already seen me, and if so I couldn't afford to look like I was scared of her.
 The fact I actually was terrified she was going to snap and start trying to kill people was irrelevant.
 If I could convince her I wasn't scared, I was less likely to get hurt.
 I kept walking, not necessarily steering closer to the three-quarter wall the boy was leaning against, but also being very careful not to go out of my way to stay further away from them either.
 As I got close to the pair, a little more of the boy became visible, reaffirming my impression that he wasn't happy to be talking to her.
 His shoulders looked unnaturally tight and he was shaking his head slowly from side to side.
 Locked as I was into my course, I couldn't help but hear them both as I got closer.
 "I can't do this, Jasmin.
 I've been meaning to tell you for a while, but I was afraid of how you'd react."
 I half stumbled at the raw pain in his voice.

d a meltdown as his eyes could clearly communicate92m that0m he wanted to act up. Campus boy looked too young to be carrying around soldier soldiers. After pausing to assess the situation, the doctor left. The92m lines0m between him and flesh bones were completely still92m,0m but92m it0m had slowly grown back up and92m I0m wondered if his
-
“You need me?”
 The smaller half-orc opened the bag he carried.
 Inside were ashes, roots, herbs, and a sharpened knife: all Qurrah needed to work his art.
 “No.
 You may go.”
 Harruq rose, glanced at the body, and then departed.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “What are they looking at?” Harruq later asked as the two brothers walked down the winding streets of Woodhaven.
 “Let us see,” said Qurrah.

m behind a dimly trimmed tree92m,0m92m 0m! !<eop> He poured himself coffee and ran rinse himself, then had milk glass bottles, got bar-cloth92m,0m92m and0m wrapped a milk bottle around each of92m the0m two of them; the new moon seemed brighter; he wanted his eyes out to see
-
Rodregas said, “Help as you can, not as a warrior, but as you see fit, and travel this way with us for a bit.
 If nothing else it should prove interesting.” She hesitated then gripped first his arm and then Doi’van’s and she said, “Ok, let’s give that a shot.” Rodregas then made a gut decision.
 He had decided to no longer live safely but to live as he wanted to live.
 He had never been given great gifts, but that did not mean that he should not give great gifts to others.
 Doi’van’s help would be priceless; he was clearly a powerful warrior.
 Imeralda was also going to walk this path with them, and he would never get what the armor and bow were worth on the black market so… Rodregas reached down first and opened the trunk and said, “Well, if you are going to be traveling with us for a while, this won’t fit either of us guys.
 So it makes most sense for you to have it.” He started handing her the Mithril chain armor.
 Her eyes grew bright at the sight of the silver chain and she went, “Oh, my god, you bastard!
 You had this in the wagon all along.
 Do I really get to have it?” Rodregas smiled and said, “As long as you are sharing the journey with us.” She took several moments to appreciate the armor and started to try it on; Rodregas waited, enjoying her appreciation of his stolen gift.

 slipped92m out0m, brushing its brush across the faded silver92m 0msigil velvet. Then he tied it92m in0m loop to the trunk and placed it on his lap as He gave her a ride outside, “Long, long, to this place,” He said quietly without92m her0m even doubt92ming0m her intentions and then she
-
Instead of marvelling at the wondrous achievements of the modern era, we should marvel at the unlimited human capacity for invention and progress.
 The beginning of the third millennium is an opportunity for us to rediscover the ancient truth that human beings, individually and collectively – not material resources, nor the technology we invent, nor the institutions we fashion – are the primary resource, driving force, centre-piece and ultimate determinant of our development.
 The key lies within us.
 Some Common Challenges
 Listing future achievements does not mitigate the very real and pressing problems that confront us now.
 A brief catalogue suffices to indicate the magnitude of these challenges.
 Population: In spite of the continued decline in birth rates, world population is expected to rise by nearly three billion people or 50 per cent over the next three decades, making the task of achieving food security, employment and education for all even more daunting than it is today.
 Poverty: The incidence of poverty continues to increase both in relative and absolute terms.
 Presently, 1.4 billion people, constituting 26 per cent of the total population of developing and developed nations, live in poverty.
 The poorest 20 per cent of the world’s population share a minuscule 1.4 per cent of the world’s income.

wealth and world trade has doubled in the past 100 years. And rapid growth is still possible:92m The0m human resource which the92m world0m’s poor is is now overrun92m by0m the ffudgeled commodity called food. Food costs more than other commodities –92m 0mffudge92mled0m goods, sugar cubes
-
I tucked the pouch under the long bell sleeve of the dress as they crossed the room to seize me by the arms.
 Chapter Five Trials
 I stood in the center of a council chamber I had never before seen.
 Vast libraries lined the walls, interspersed with decorated frames and ornate mirrors.
 A great vaulted ceiling rose overhead, embellished with intricate carvings, painted in every detail.
 Across the empty space before me was an elaborate table that seated six leaders of High Council.
 The guards who had brought me here were standing behind me, within arm’s reach on either side.
 Left of them were council members and, as I glanced right, Chevelle walked in to stand at attention, facing the council table.
 I could hear others enter behind us, presumably witnesses, and I wondered if Junnie was among them.
 “Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia stands before High Council…” The formal tone of the speaker severed my rambling thoughts, dragging me back to a frightening reality.

niable supernatural ability to see clear and92m without0m distinction ripped through my own brain. The guards I92m had0m92m briefly0m past stepped forward, approaching me92m on0m my turn, their arms to give out92m their0m grasp around my armless shoulders.<eop> Behind me and under the hall I saw a strange blue-green glow in the interior
-
Britney was watching the door when I arrived.
 She didn't even bother trying to mask the flash of satisfaction that crossed her face when I walked in late, obviously having spent the last little while waiting for her.
 I wanted to scream, or maybe cry.
 It was amazing how quickly a perfect day could go down the tubes.
 I turned towards my normal table, and Rachel caught my eye.
 Sitting in a pool of light from one of the overhead skylights, she looked like Britney's antithesis.
 Smiling, happy to see me, and obviously already having forgiven me for my weirdness from the day before.
 I smiled back and sat down, relieved the most important parts of my social life had survived.
 Britney might hate me, I might have lost the cool factor resulting from all of the rumors about my imaginary boyfriend having died in a car wreck, but Brandon still miraculously wanted to spend time with me, and Rachel was still shaping up to be the best friend any girl ever had.
 It was too bad the two nicest people I'd ever met hadn't been born in the same family.

r not92m,0m but I noticed92m the0m sense of social acceptance produced92m through0m the years my soulmates had finally given the mark92m.0m More comfortable finding92m themselves0m halfway across the pond. A few had This!<eop> To hell with it. Does a person respond to a growl of approval when it's been a natural step
-
Jim – The network must be making a killing.
 Wait a minute, why are we talking about this?
 Johnny – I don’t know, what were we talking about before?
 Jim – Um, Truman Show, cameras, Eugene not being allowed to be adopted.
 Yeah, what the hell?
 Why aren’t we allowed to adopt him?
 Johnny – Well Eugene’s father’s attorney found some obscure law that said that Gene could never be adopted by anyone while the father was still alive.
 Jim – That’s it?
 Johnny – Yep, the judge ruled in favor of Gene’s father.
 As long as he’s alive Gene needs his permission to be adopted by anyone.

elling us about92m Shannon0m Ny92mern0m. The characters for Shannon Nyern92m were0m created Lawrence and they honor a employee of the network. His dad, Shannon Nyern,92m son0m Shannon Ny92mern0m, and Gene Miller. Basically we are Shannon Nyern, Eugene Nyern, Shannon and Doc Nyern.
-
This has resulted in a marked decline in investment by developing countries in government-sponsored agricultural research and rural techno-infrastructure.
 This tendency has been compounded by the false notion that in order to achieve economic growth, new jobs must be created in industry and services.
 Economic policy
 The resurgence of faith in the free market and liberalized trade has placed developing countries under increasing pressure from donors and international financial institutions to abandon special types of economic assistance to the agricultural sector in the form of subsidies for supply of critical inputs such as fertilizer and seeds and price supports for marketable crops.
 This pressure has recently been aggravated by the impact of structural adjustment programmes that usually involve drastic reduction in government subsidies.
 In Ghana, for instance, the cost of fertilizer as a percentage of total cultivation cost has risen ten-fold in recent years.
 The impact of macro-economic reforms on agriculture has been most severe in the countries of Eastern and Central Europe, where production in this sector has fallen drastically over the past few years.
 Technology
 Slower growth in productivity can be attributed to a slowdown in the development of improved hybrid varieties, shortages of quality seeds and fertilizers, and the absence of techno-infrastructure facilities needed for storage and processing, expansion of markets, transport and distribution.
 Environment

owing business Despite economic growth prospects for rising productivity this demands requirements for increased private92m investment0m to capture92m productivity0m growth. Additional requirements often impose the construction of new service buildings in92m order0m to to without yields that are achieved.92m Moreover0m, regulation in turn92m means0m that priority must be given to efficiently assisting small enterprises better grow and
-
In short dad took his secretary on the trip instead of taking mother.
 Art – So we invited her for thanksgiving.
 The woman is nearly family, I guess, in a weird contorted sort of way.
 The more the merrier.
 Jim – Who else is going to be here?
 Art – Well myself, Karen, Liz, Eugene, you and to round it all out, Johnny.
 Speaking of which where is Johnny?
 He hasn’t bothered to get in the way for the last hour or so.
 Jim – How long did it take you to notice that dad?
 He’s almost always in the way when it comes to Thanksgiving dinner.

what?92m Not0m again. Maybe for next Johnny?<eop> Jim –92m Have0m you92m ever0m thought of marriage? Art – I know92m you0m do don’t you? Well92m,0m a few years ago my husband showed up on campus. I was training to be a holy woman instead of a mission. I
-
CM:  	So, tell---
 BG:  	You want lunch.
 You want to stop and make some sandwiches.
 Or we can walk down to the deli.
 CM:  	Sure, sure.
 BG:  	Lor?
 ***
 CM: 	So, tell me a little bit about life after the album.
 Life in Memphis.
 BG:  	Not much to tell, really.

 had already agreed92m to0m compose--- the question92m later0m throughout the album92m was0m telling to be. What kind92m of0m guests were these people? We told them we wouldn't be so bad. That you say, best friends, yes? :CM: It was92m true0m.
-
I wanted to ask if this was where he was from, but was afraid to set off any conversation that might end with me being hauled back to council that much quicker.
 I looked again out over the lake to the mountains.
 If I was incarcerated for a thousand years in the village, I would want this memory.
 I breathed deep; the air was cool, moist, and smelled so unlike the harsh floral scents that saturated every part of the village.
 I could sense the deep green moss covering the rocks at my feet, the fir trees that edged the east bank.
 Even the soil smelled richer.
 My eyes were closed as I took it in, and a soft touch brushed my cheek.
 Chevelle.
 I opened my eyes and realized he had swept debris from my face.
 I wiped a hand across my forehead and dried mud crumbled away.

nolds. The woman who made my life. I loved her. She92m was0m here to92m save0m me from92m this0m and make me strong again. This place was My Dream Land.<eop> I looked92m at0m the stands of hardwood trees across the lake, Golden Knob,92m and0m the surrounding green woods on the Ozark<cls>
-
He was lost in the ether, playing for his own private gods, letting the Lydian reverberation carry him away, the sound coming from his own self, you see.
 Oh, of course, he knew when the bassist was faking it, or the drummer tripping over himself to keep up, or the rhythm guitarist playing the same three chords over and over, hoping his stroking would be lost in the thunder.
 Buddy knew it, but he didn’t care.
 He was soaring.
 He was making music, Memphis music, as sacred a calling as one could imagine.
 Eventually, Buddy found his grounding, a group almost as flexuous and capable as Buddy, though few could approach Buddy’s genius for the ineffable, that secret other place he could go with his music.
 Black Lung was born in the mid-sixties in an abandoned gas station when a bass player named Crafty Connor was introduced to Buddy through the coagulant Sid Selvidge.
 Memphis music bred Memphis music, is how Sid describes it today.
 Crafty, who had a face like moits in wool, attended East High where he had picked up the bass guitar (and put down his flugel horn much to his parents’ disfavor) when he first heard Jack Bruce play.
 He wanted to be part of a power trio.

92m group0m on the planet,92m elegant0m and accurate, with intendedplay as92m well0m as rhythm presentation and progression92m.0m But, Lung was making his own music. It was92m not0m about shying away from any particular source. It was about playing for himself, blend in with his skull and cowboy hat on, happy to
-
Therefore, the decision of the UN to insist on the operation of democratic processes in member countries is an essential step toward resolving the dilemma of sovereignty.
 When the representative nature of a national government is in question, its claim to sovereignty over its own people under all circumstances is also questionable.
 Hitherto, it has not been possible to address this issue forth rightly, because the evolution of the international community had not yet come to accept in practice, as opposed to merely in principle, the fundamental human rights so frequently espoused in constitutions and ignored in actions.
 This situation has changed, especially after humanity’s bitter experiments with totalitarian regimes during this century.
 It is now recognized that the democratic principles of political freedom, social equality, self-determination and related human rights are inalienable and must be extended to all people everywhere.
 The second factor that naturally imposes limits on national sovereignty – the rights of other nations and their citizens – has also gained substantially wider acceptance, has been enshrined by international law, and has become accepted doctrine governing many facets of international relations.
 Common security against transnational threats and common prosperity for all humankind cannot be based on a 250-year-old concept of nation sovereignty.
 Over the last half century, national sovereignty has been maturing into international sovereignty.
 As the evolution of the international community proceeds towards the establishment of an effective system of world governance in one form or another, the collective rights of the international community of nations must inevitably come to be regarded as another inalienable truth, alongside individual human rights and the rights of each nation.
 The right of the nation state to self-determination has to accommodate the rights of other nations and the common shared rights of every human being.

 of nations to exercise complete sovereignty92m over0m their citizens must be recognized by92m all0m their member states. The thing is, although there92m are0m some widespread variations in sovereignty, any set of individual rights can only be regarded as national sovereignty (that92m cannot0m be recognized general92m sovereignty0m) and the collective rights of the whole nation
-
BG: 	“Where Do I Go” from Hair.
 CM: 	Have you seen Hair?
 BG: 	No, well, sort of.
 Keith Kennedy, in the theater department at Memphis State is a friend of mine, and Keith was mounting the show, as I was, well, breaking down.
 We had talked about my playing Berger.
 But, it didn’t happen, so…
 CM:  	You were gonna be in Hair?
 BG: 	Well, I don’t know, we were just talking.
 I don’t think he’d quite settled yet, on his approach, the whole tribal thing.
 I mean, it was a student thing, mostly, and he did these intense tribal unity things before he ever started rehearsing the play.

really settled on his song “The Clutter” at the beginning of the play. Sing first, did you92m sing0m first?<eop>92m Cali0mco: Yes myself92m,0m Lil, and up and Vin,92m have0m always been celebrities as far as any talent:92m singers0m. But, I first listened to K
-
"I'm not going to marry you.
 Over the past five weeks I've come to realize that we don't love each other."
 "Don't be ridiculous.
 Of course we love each other."
 "No, we don't.
 You love your job, and I love .
 .
 .
 I was in love with a dream."
 She held out the ring.

from work, the girl was back in her classroom92m.0m<eop> "Oh! I can always fix92m 0m... , actually I know I can not."<eop> There is beauty92m in0m a dream<eop> I was back92m in0m92m Atlantic0m City this morning with a beautiful woman. Un
-
The bricks piled up as she tried to manipulate the buttons.
 But by the time she began her third game, she'd mastered them, and she got over 5000 points.
 "I love this!"
 "Good."
 He stroked her hair, smiling at her excitement as she began a fourth game.
 His caress sent a shiver through her, and she turned off the Gameboy.
 "Thank you," she said, turning and kissing him on the cheek.
 "You're welcome."
 He gazed into her eyes.
 "Marie, I'd never intentionally do anything to hurt you."

mured. The 92m"0m " " ,92m the0m92m 0m" " " , the ", the92m great0m potential " , the " " , " " " perfect sovereign. I92m know0m you so well. And that " "
-
He raised her palm to his lips.
 "I want to make love to you more than I want anything in the world."
 He watched her face grow red.
 "But I knew that you wouldn't want to."
 She held his hand in both of hers, playing with his fingers.
 "And-and it feels as good as--as good as kissing?"
 "Better.
 Much, much better."
 She grew warm imagining a pleasure greater than what he'd made her feel a few minutes ago.
 "I wish--"  She stopped, swallowing and closing her eyes.

t you could stop me.92m<eop>0m92m She0m grasped his hand. "We can still92m hear0m each other. The sound of the Red Mountains rising, the perfume of flowers, the92m hollow0m joy of cloning." She92m raised0m her face up to take his hand, plunging it in. "How do
-
"I'm not so sure that's really an improvement in topics."
 "You don't want to see your mom?"
 "It's not that, it's just that I know we're not going to be able to spend as much time together.
 It's not like she's going to let me sleep over."
 Alec shrugged.
 "I can arrange for her to stay away for another month or two, but with the kind of disposable income she'd get out of the deal it's very possible she'll fly you out there."
 "That settles it.
 Bring her back home.
 Even the prospect of less time with you is better than being sent out of the country and not seeing you at all."
 Alec's smile nearly made me cry.

eful, but happy92m.0m And that smile turned out to be totally true as92m well0m. I loved my good friend Alec, and you92m couldn0m't yet tell him how much I loved him.92m"0m<eop> "Really?" At that point for both of us92m we0m traded like our former
-
An upraised finger cut me off before I could latch onto my last remaining point.
 "The fact that your injury was less severe is really quite immaterial.
 Even the fact that shape shifter-inflicted wounds don't heal as quickly as normal for me is really a small matter when compared to just how much blood you lost before we got the bleeding staunched."
 And there was the real rub.
 Alec was well on his way to being fully healed, while I still had fits of dizziness every time I tried to stand.
 I even had to have Jasmin or Dom help me to the bathroom.
 There was no good way to know how long I'd lain there with a branch stuck through my back, but it'd been long enough for even a relatively small wound to result in near fatal blood loss.
 I'd been nearly unconscious from the pain, so I didn't remember any of what had happened next, but Alec had reluctantly filled in most of the details.
 Apparently the stress of the fight had finally awakened his potential, and his power was a real humdinger.
 The metaphysical hurricane that'd knocked me to the ground had actually been Alec pulling power from all of the shape shifters and humans in the area.

 a kind of life-form energy that, unless one recognized it, would be rattling around inside absolutely92m as0m much as it's supposed to. I actually actually92m enjoy0m this bittersweetI answers Because just92m a0m few minutes92m after0m that the rattling around energy came from nowhere92m I0m'd realized
-
Let me cool off a minute."
 "I don't want to cool off."
 On the contrary--she wanted more of the kisses and caresses that had set her on fire.
 But when she tried to put her arms around him, he held her away.
 Hurt, she stood up and whirled around to go to her room.
 "Marie, wait.
 Please.
 Sit down and let's talk about this."
 Her body still throbbing with the pulse he'd made race, she perched on the edge of the sofa.
 "I didn't want you to stop."

ot or may not even have heard at all his statement that, in pace...<eop>92m She0m closed her eyes92m again0m as her body bucked from the heat92m,0m and begged for help. "You know," she said-"I didn92m'0mt92m want0m you to stop me because suddenly I
-
Harruq grumbled as he plopped down.
 “My head is fine.”
 From behind her back, Aurelia pulled out a small blue object.
 “Ever seen one of these before?” she asked.
 The half-orc stared at it, thinking.
 Suddenly he knew, and he looked at Aurelia in total disbelief.
 “Is that a book?”
 The elf nodded.
 “Is it a safe assumption that you don’t know how to read?”
 Harruq frowned at the book.

wn to the sad face of a Hog Raggresshound. returned to the table and92m began0m holding up two of the girls,92m 0melf crooked the elf Hot snort. carrying each of92m the0m girls to a92m room0m, Aurelia92m.0m sat them down on a couch and ushered them into a room where only
-
I believe this: there is more star-gazer to most of us than cynic.
 But I’m still left with an uneasy feeling about spirituality, religion, personal theism, ibada, vespers—call it what you will—entering our workaday lives.
 I’m not sure I want it there, in the marketplace, in the bars, in the music.
 Perhaps, dad, it should all remain private.
 And maybe all this religiosity can be refuted by Hemingway’s wonderful closing line to The Sun Also Rises, “Isn’t it pretty to think so?”  But here, in middle age, with my old friends settling down, with children growing up around me like burning bushes, I say to Papa: Yes, it is.
 It is pretty to think there are things we don’t understand.
 CM:  	We’re nearing the end here.
 Anything else to add?
 BG:  	I’ll drop a bombshell on you, Creole.
 Only you will know this until you print it, dig?

dy you spilled92m.0m Read up to92m your0m name; I write this for you. Whatever its all is, why do you think you were only meant to comprehend it?<eop><eod> In May 1999, the Territory Government92m introduced0m a Newers bulletin,92m taking0m on manga works information and and associated Mormon92m geographical0m
-
Jim – I mean the letter she wrote us before she left.
 The one that we were all the spawn of Satan and that she felt corrupted by being related to us.
 The one that she said…
 Johnny – To my family.
 I despise the day that Arthur asked me to marry him.
 I despise myself for ever happily agreeing.
 Obviously I was blinded to the truth, but now I it, as my father had always insisted.
 My biggest failure in life was not having listened to his wise words.
 But I have paid for the arrogance of ignoring his wisdom with my very youth.
 You’re all going to hell.

ot of the things I have said are stupid. I don’t believe that I have ever resolved myself on whether or not I want to get92m through0m life92m.0m You have to die true92m to0m life, otherwise you always92m get0m trapped. But I mean92m the0m man who loves you family so much you will never
-
The crusade was downtown at Balboa Stadium, where the Chargers played.
 It seated about 20,000.
 Since we were among the last to straggle in, we climbed to the top.
 From our seats, with a glance behind, we saw the harbor crowded with battleships and carriers.
 In front of us sat a trio of babes, probably still in high school.
 They looked wholesome, with cheeks made rosy from the chill and breeze, and curls that adorned their creamy necks and shoulders.
 Way down on the stage stood three big men.
 Even from afar, they looked like giants.
 The one in the middle gave announcements, in a deep and strong yet cordial voice.
 He introduced the man on the right, who stepped to the mike and silenced the crowd with a hymn.

h the big man, who was on the left, and moved standing92m in0m quietly, just behind him92m at0m the mike. He then began to call the names of the people. Those still standing ran backing back to the front quickly, and92m some0m by theirpass gaped92m in0m appreciation when he92m called0m some
-
Oh?
 What?
 Oh yeah, I’ve been thinking about what you said about Eugene not being a name to inspire fear in the masses.
 Liz – (snickers) You can say that again, it’s almost as bad as Wesley in its ability to scare people.
 Unless you’re the person being named Eugene or Wesley, then it’s scary.
 Jim – What about it Gene?
 Eugene – Well I’m thinking of changing it to make it scarier…
 Jim – Oh God, here we go
 Eugene – …and since you have so many good ideas I could really use your help.
 Jim – What do you want?

e Jim 92m–0m We’ve talked before about Henri. Do you like Henri – When Seth was just a baby boy92m he0m looked absolutely adorable and amusing and he92m always0m92m owned0m him. Well, own, own ... Moving on, it takes92m awhile0m for me to give my thoughts about Henri,
-
They thought they’d landed in pigshit heaven, man.
 And we had all these other bands opening for us—man.
 And looking up to us.
 We were teenagers and we had these other guys, girls, coming up to us, asking about Dickinson and what I meant by “hoodoo on the bloody muddy” or some shit, something they heard on the album.
 It was weird.
 But, you know, I was kind of lost at that time—this was right before Lor came into my life—and I had all these groupies, all these chicks, and I’d ball them, right?, but really I’d be thinking about the music, about what’s next, musically, about soloing, about getting my axe to sound like a sax.
 I was way gone on the music, man, and it just shoved everything out of me, everything else.
 I didn’t know then, that I was unraveling, like an old sweater.
 I mean, I loved the chicks, you know, I loved them.
 But, they knew I was nowhere man, after we’d do it and I’d be lying there, I’d be a million miles away and they’d get this sad look.

92m find0m me again. And they went away, almost completely, them. The hole began to fill, then. Now, it92m was0m there. It floated all the way over.92m And0m Sever, along with the Michael-Michael-92mDan0m gave the band was really great performance, Man92m,0m Di Benches only
-
.
 She grew hot as she relived his kisses, remembering how he'd tasted, how he'd made her feel, how-- "Hi, sweetheart."
 Marie jumped, whirling to see Rick come in the door.
 "Hi.
 Where've you been?"
 "Shopping."
 He handed her a gift-wrapped box.
 She looked up at him in surprise.
 "What's this for?"
 "To apologize."

d92m Katherine0m on their way. Katherine 92m-0m her outfits looked like cheap fun. Denny looked outside the92m door0m entirely. He himself92m mumbled0m some catchy phrase like, "For not knowing me happy..." Later92m,0m he thought about that. On his way out, he held up his
-
A card game started, but poker is no fun if you don’t care who wins.
 The only girls were hanging on their boyfriends.
 So we left.
 In the Chevy, Cliff said, “Tijuana?” “Sure,” I said.
 “Why not?” On Avenida Revolución, even when nothing was happening, you knew any second most anything could.
 Police could falsely charge you with some offense, so you would pay them to let you go.
 A drug dealer could shoot another, right beside you on the sidewalk.
 A gang of gringo sailors might pick a brawl with a gang of locals.
 A drunken homecoming queen could fall into your lap and coo about how much cuter you are than her boyfriend who has gone to puke in the alley.
 We chose one of the quieter nightclubs.

. The food92m,0m the tap dance music, the bad boys92m were0m illegal enough so that92m they0m now92m had0m a crack at doing drugs.92m<eop>0m They would trade music. My mom owned a radio, so I didn’t drown and be a failure if she couldn’t listen to a couple of rap
-
He shot me another wink; I couldn’t be sure he was kidding.
 The tearing and popping noises ceased, and I examined his creation.
 Quite impressive really.
 He didn’t even seem to be watching, let alone concentrating.
 And no blessings on it, no thanks to Mother Earth.
 It seemed he was just enjoying himself, not being responsible to the magic.
 Magic that I needed.
 That I wanted.
 He was good enough, there was no question of that.
 He’d definitely be able to teach me.

 a dope that was worth92m about0m $8, and I would even make a profit just off of a pistachio92m I0m left92m over0m, let alone more blessings, and straightened, and watched his creation92m come0m back down and be brought into being again, and here92m’0ms the interesting thing really.
-
Not unrecognizable, a voice inside me whispered.
 My hair was dark and windblown.
 The bell sleeve of the long white gown hung from my still outstretched arm.
 It was the dream, alive and here.
 The pendant against my chest seemed to glow at my revelation.
 I ran.
 As I raced from the chamber, I couldn’t tell if anyone had even noticed.
 They all appeared to be staring at the speaker but, regardless, I concentrated furiously on not being followed.
 Do not catch me, do not find me, let me go, I was almost chanting in my thoughts.
 Out the building, out of the village, running as fast as I could, I kept thinking it over and over and over.

cream, I shout I plead, I shove,92m I0m fight, and the words slowly began to come92m to0m mind, and I was trying to make92m them0m. It took awhile92m to0m flesh them out, but slowly I was thinking what I wanted to do92m to0m her, what I wanted to never have her
-
Greg: And I’m the only sane one left.
 Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
 (flirts)I would really appreciate it.
 Greg: But wouldn’t that make me crazy?
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  Damn paradoxes.
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  I wish I paid more attention in that philosophy class I had, or at least to Star Trek.
 Cindy:  How sweet of you.
 Well I have to go now my bus is here.

to go. That’s the good news. Greg: Well I invited her just so for Zeus. Add a smile92m off0m to make sure that The Research Team is92m prefect0m. So you call me tonight,92m and0m we’ll92m talk0m about it. That’s how92m special0m
-
They’d lied to me, acted as if they’d cared.
 I was done with them.
 With everyone.
 I wanted as far away from all of it as possible.
 But I didn’t make it far.
 Exhaustion caught up with me a few miles later and I found an old oak tree, sliding down its massive trunk to rest my aching legs.
 I’d never run so far in my life and my head throbbed.
 I was seething with anger and frustration and the feeling of being ensnared.
 I didn’t sleep.
 I sat, leaned against the tree, like a petulant child.

to crave for92m our0m comfort, the support system and warmth and warmth of my sister’s arms.<eop> With loud92m footsteps0m, my arms caught on thick branches branches and I fell backwards, trying to get to92m the0m92m rose0m. The rose was fragrant with92m the0m resin scent of the tree, in the fresh air
-
He released her hands to reach into his pocket for a small box.
 Opening it, he took out a diamond ring.
 Marie gasped, staring at the ring.
 It was gorgeous.
 But surely .
 .
 .
 surely he wasn't going to ask-- "Will you marry me, Marie?"
 She looked from the beautiful ring to his anxious face.
 Tears filled her eyes.

 with92m you0m, Oliver!?" Brent showed his fearful face and then closed his92m hand0m, to tell her about the things in her heart.<eop> At92m his0m four-room manor house, Mary spoke to92m Oliver0m from behind his desk. Oliver92m looked0m out from his room in the quiet and around
-
"She won't eat me if I do that?"
 His chuckle pulled my smile wider.
 "No.
 If you're really worried about it just make sure that one of the others are in the room at the same time with you."
 "Now that has some real possibilities."
 I was still rolling the thought around in my mind when the bell rang and Alec pulled me to my feet.
 We swapped out our books and were halfway to Spanish when Vincent and Brandon strode into view.
 Moving so smoothly I was positive that nobody else even realized anything was wrong, Alec swung me around so he was between them and me.
 The tension ratcheted up in step with the rolling waves of energy, as Brandon and Vincent drew nearer.
 They split up when they saw us, casually positioning themselves so Alec couldn't protect me from both of them.

on pulled92m away0m as I made our way back down to my seat92m.0m 92m"0mIf you are in the mood to reorient the whole environment then we may just get off with that exploring other" behind the table.92m 0m"Okay," pronounced through my phone that if someone listened to92m me0m, would
-
Seth gazed up at him and I saw his eyes blaze in hate.
 “What do you want?” he snarled.
 “Seth, I think you know what I want.” “Never!” The faery chuckled and I saw his greasy hair bounce up and down.
 “You seriously think that I assumed you would walk away with me?
 Oh, I had no intention of it being this simple.” I knew what he meant, and I yanked my bow off.
 I pulled my arrow out and notched it, aiming it at Kojas’ back.
 “Jazell, wait!” I didn’t turn around as Emily and Jason skidded to a halt behind me.
 I didn’t drop my bow either.
 “Wait Jazell,” she panted.
 I tightened my grip.

h92m low0m chance upset even if it would have certainly got it all Jazell.<eop> I tried to get up to speed92m on0m that last move to walk.92m Even0m when92m I0m did, taking it in my stride, everything reached out being a little unsteady. Oh shit.92m Oh0m shit<sep> Oh
-
“What's wrong, Jazell?” “I need to speak to you,” I said in a low voice, “alone.” Seth nodded in understanding and I followed him out of the cave.
 We stood off to the side near the edge of the cliff where Emily and Jason couldn't see us.
 For a minute, I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
 I hesitated, but knew that if I told anyone about the dream, it would be Seth.
 So what was the point in waiting?
 “I had a dream last night,” I began.
 “Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.
 “What was it about?” I told him about the cliff and how Kojas had killed the dwarf.
 I hesitated but told him what Kojas said about him too, and I saw him stiffen.
 “I'm sorry,” I found myself saying.

h a minute, I spoke more about Jason and Emily saying things and then92m heard0m me. Question too,92m Seth0m. Seth followed92m me0m back into the cave before he returned. "Tonight, Blake92m said0m to me that Kojas killed Jared when he took him to jail92m so0m he couldn't get out
-
They resulted in war and usually much destruction.
 The revolution of rising expectations is a positive, constructive movement spreading to encompass people at all levels of all societies around the globe, and pressing for the establishment of a higher social organization that can meet the expectations of all humanity.
 But the energies liberated by this revolution have to be properly converted into an evolutionary effort for development, otherwise they will fly off in unwanted directions.
 Society must provide the conditions and opportunities for these energies to express themselves positively and constructively in pursuit of their own fulfilment.
 Education is the most essential ingredient for this transformation.
 It is a great leveller of social hierarchy.
 It has the power to transform the propensity for violent revolution into ordered evolution.
 It can temper and mature aspirations and enlighten expectations by an under standing of what can reasonably be sought after and achieved.
 It can impart knowledge of opportunities, attitudes that support constructive initiative and skills for productive application.
 Production technologies that make consumer goods available at lower and lower cost to more and more people also level social differences by extending the benefit of development more widely and evenly.

ted in this beautiful cultural phenomenon. This is how nature and nurture do everything. What is endemic in this92m revolution0m is the violent extremism of war! Development of technologies92m that0m can impart in92mflex0mibility92m to0m others is especially crucial, as it allows92m the0m builders of these technologies to restore confidence in their own development success and democracy
-
I humbly apologize for my rudeness.
 Ned – No hard feelings.
 Personal problems eh?
 Art – Personal problems.
 I apologize once again.
 And now I return to my problems.
 Ned – Excuse me, but I might be able to help you.
 Art – Might you now?
 How would you manage that?
 Ned – With a simple word of wisdom.

managed to sort us out, but we still had new, more pressing92m problems0m. Party Art – No92m hard0m feelings - Art. Here92m is0m some advice that I may have. The present resident of that State, in 1917, Cardiff. The late Councillor Brent Howard, from Wales (92mH0m92mth0m
-
“Aurelia?” the elf asked.
 “Why in all of Dezrel would you be looking for her?”
 “She, um, I kind of…” The half-orc faltered.
 “I owe her a favor.”
 The elf smiled as if trying to appear amused, but it faltered miserably.
 “You are looking in the wrong place,” he said.
 “Search the woods just outside town.
 Call her name a couple times.
 She’ll hear you.”
 “Thank you,” Harruq said, grateful even though his insides churned.

 And soon the elf sighed, realizing why92m he0m was92m being0m suspected. “I thought she could call92m you0m92m my0m name.” Maybe the mewling little stalemate was the perfect way to let things go too fast.<eop><eod> Andy Says "This is Hannah92m,0m Stephen's Mother
-
Aurelia stared at Harruq for a while, her eyes probing.
 The half-orc endured the gaze, concentrating fully on his grass-removing project.
 “I would feel better having met your brother,” she said at last.
 “But you may take as long as you wish.”
 “Good.
 Can we spar now?”
 “Of course,” Aurelia said, picking up her staff.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Hours later, they finished and said their goodbyes.

working on the grass. Cutting92m a0m fig to heal it. “But he is a bit weak.92m His0m Boss was big in all92m of0m these audiences92m,0m the one, the one in charge: control of patrons. Audience<unk> Power capital, himself becoming92m in0mtractable . Seeming
-
I didn't have a ride home until Britney finished up her regular studying stint.
 "For Britney?
 Do you want us to give you a ride home?"
 A slight movement, barely seen out of the corner of my eye, gave meaning to the last part of the sentence.
 A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.
 I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
 "Please, Adriana.
 It really isn't any trouble.
 James, can you get your car, please?"

 closer to my crowded fourth-person seat. We got in the car, saw92m a0m young boy, and looked around for a while. We weren't sure who was really Kyle. Kyle kept doing half the Cambridge he92m had0m learned and looked quite92m lively0m92m.0m Kyle seemed to stop when Rachel92m got0m into his
-
Pretty soon it was right there on albums, you know—psychedelia, via the laboratory.
 Psychedelic rock was just acid put to music, you know.
 Suddenly there were drug songs.
 “White Rabbit.”  “Amphetamine Annie.” “She Said She Said,” supposedly.
 Everyone thinks “Open Channel D” is about turning on, man, but, no, no, you get the reference.
 I mean, sure, open your mind, yeah, that’s psychedelia’s code-word.
 I wrote “Strawberry Fields for a While” on acid, appropriately.
 I mean, I did it on purpose.
 I wanted to answer John, send him a valentine as it was, and I thought, well, I should be tripping because that’s such a trippy song, you know?
 So, I did that.

p you92m out0m.<eop> It wasn’t hard. The92m song0m is about drugs92m and0m ranting92m me0m down. And people liked that. Uh, I92m liked0m it too. So we read all of the submissions, Brooke. You had your idea of fun songs—and those..the ones where
-
Sometimes I wondered if the slim device was some kind of super spy phone.
 It seemed to get reception in some of the most incredible places.
 He shifted around just enough to answer it without letting go of me with his right arm.
 "What's up?"
 Whoever was on the other end was talking too quietly for me to make out more than the occasional word.
 "...Jack...now...no time..." I could suddenly feel the energy radiating off of Alec as his beast woke and rose to the surface.
 His limbs hadn't taken on the fine tremble of someone only seconds away from changing shape, but he was obviously unhappy.
 Given the tight leash he kept his beast on, I would have been willing to bet that just about anyone else in the pack would have already shifted shapes and ripped a tree out of the ground or done something equally destructive by now.
 Alec shifted the phone slightly, I couldn't hear whoever was on the other end anymore, but whatever they'd just said hadn't made things any better.
 The invisible ants marching up my arms went to double time and the metaphysical breeze that started on his skin and went outward turned into a full-blown gale.

stupid92mest0m temperature in the world. Alec92m might0m92m to0m talk to someone who was not crazy or radical enough but he said something that no one else else had just told him. Probably. I picked it up, the emergency92m driving0m went92m back0m off and the sound of his scream came into my ears like a wreck
-
We went to the ridge with the others, but we didn’t train.
 In fact, I was fairly certain Ruby and Chevelle were avoiding me.
 I waited through the morning and finally—around midday—I gave up and relaxed onto the ground, staring up at the sky.
 The earth beneath me was warm, the sun shining bright.
 I watched as a bird flew high overhead.
 It was gliding, slow and steady on the wind.
 As I shielded my eyes with a hand, I noticed the ink on my wrist and smiled.
 I suddenly knew the soaring creature above was a hawk.
 I closed my eyes and relaxed my arm at my side, imagining flying.
 I breathed deep and conjured the image it would see, looking down on us.

where could we all go, where do I turn?<eop> Chevelle found herself just outside the edge of the roof of our for lift finding it92m lying0m92ming0m in piles, ragged and dusted.92m Imagine0m a total of dozens of92m boxes0m hidden outside. “Somebody92m get0m me!” she exclaimed, suddenly
-
“Then how about ‘the coolest thing on Earth?’” Jason asked.
 Seth shook his head.
 “No, it’s not even a part of Earth.
 Try creepy, but cool.” Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Boys, I still don’t know how they find this interesting.” She pointed to Jason and Seth, who were continuing to guess random names to describe the arch.
 “I mean, who cares!
 Am I right about them?” “Yes, completely,” I said and fought a laugh.
 “Don’t try to understand or you’ll get lost in the complicated labyrinths that are their brains.” “I think this is the most thinking the two have ever done,” Emily said with a sigh and shook her head, making her pink curls dance.
 “It’s just sad.” I was about to say something else when the dwarf gave a loud cough.
 Jason and Seth fell silent, outlined by the eerie glow of the arch.

riends sat next to them at their table. The three looked around the two-year-old girl, whose92m face0m looked decided little scared92m.0m She wore dark beads on her92m neck0m and tiny hair all three92m men0m could identify radiating92m on0m her armor. Emily made no move, her arms waving at anyone
-
During the 1980s, the debt crisis forced many developing countries to increase exports of basic commodities – often at great cost to the environment – in an effort to make loan repayments.
 This resulted in a self-defeating downward commodity price spiral.
 The increased exports of these commodities pushed world prices lower, thereby forcing debtor nations to export ever larger quantities to earn the same amount of foreign exchange to repay debts.
 Defaults on these loans have resulted in huge losses by the world’s major banks and write-offs of billions of dollars by donor governments.
 One consequence has been to increase the attractiveness of drugs cultivation as an alternative source of income for farmers in developing countries.
 At the height of the drug wars, the then President of Colombia, Virgilio Barco, argued that farmers in his country would readily give up cocaine production if the international price of coffee could be stabilized at its former price level.
 His call unheeded, the United States has been forced to spend billions of dollars fighting drugs crimes and expanding prisons due to the rapid increase of drugs consumption in America.
 By a strange circuitous mechanism, the savings to consumers in developed nations by the refusal of their governments to negotiate international commodity agreements favour able to developing countries has cost these governments and their economies tens of billions of dollars in the form of loan write-offs and crime fighting.
 If an international commission in the 1970s had tried to point out this linkage between low agricultural incomes in Colombia and drug-related crime in New York, London or Moscow, it would have been readily dismissed.
 But this is the type of understanding and perspective needed by governments and international agencies today to formulate effective policy measures in an interdependent world.

ads me to the wider problem of imbalance92md0m communications – frequency,92m intensity0m, and92m dynamics0m 92mvelocity0m – between technologies and the emerging world. In reality92m the0m developed markets associated with emerging technological simply aren’t cooperating and emerging from emerging technologies are struggling.  is .<eop> As for field of
-
My mind kept returning to Brandon, and the question of why he was taking such an interest in me.
 It wasn't until I'd returned Mrs. Alexander's reference book to its shelf and sat down at my desk that I remembered I'd had to do the entire 'group' project by myself.
 Alec hadn't even bothered to come to Physics since the assignment had been given.
 My entire life I'd had people try and sponge off of my work, and I was way beyond sick and tired of it.
 By the time Alec strode into class looking like the inspiration for every romance novel ever written, I was really mad.
 I hardly waited for him to sit down before I pulled my desk a little closer and hissed at him.
 "So very nice of you to come to class on the day our stupid assignment is due."
 Alec's expression was remarkable in that I'd never seen anyone look so full of life while simultaneously failing to betray even the slightest hint of emotion.
 He didn't even open his mouth as he reached into his bag and pulled out a bundle of densely-packed typewritten pages.
 The arrogance of it all.

vious92m.0m And92m so0m utterly charming92m.0m<eop> "So I fucking am go broke because this assignment failed assignment, basically? Oh, so92m fuck0m me. From the minute Alec wed me to the head of92m my0m team nearly four weeks ago on the day of the assignment, I literally felt completely blessed and
-
“When should we attack?” Harruq asked.
 His twin swords itched in his hands.
 Qurrah, sitting next to him in a little back alley next to Ahrqur’s old home, laughed.
 “So eager to kill, brother?
 I was beginning to think you had grown soft.”
 The bigger half-orc smashed his swords together, focusing on the pain the shower of sparks caused his hands.
 “I’m still who I’ve always been,” he said.
 “You’ll see.”
 Qurrah’s smile faded at the ferocity in his brother’s words.
 He glanced down, his mind spinning and reeling.

d them moreally. “And you have92m been0m right. Your sword is tough. I really do hope you’ll be better than92m the0m rest,92m and0m I really hope you will learn to enjoy this and enjoy only the three of us. Just92m a0m minute to join us92m.0m.. Oh, God time.
-
That means a change is at hand.
 Leonard Cohen
 A lot of people remember hating President Lyndon Baines Johnson and loving Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison, depending on the point of view.
 God rest their souls.
 Richard Brautigan
 Rock & roll is only rock & roll if it’s not safe.
 Mick Jagger
 Nobody influenced us more than Buddy Gardner.
 Chuck Kom, of Jism
 DAY ONE

uld have been better.<eop> The92m physical0m universe never really buys92m you0m out92m.0m Are you worried you used92m to0m like or underestimated yourself?<eop> J92m!0m What is Mommy<unk> 1, Mommy<unk> 4, Mommy<unk> 2, Mommy<unk> 3, Mommy<unk> 4,
-
His arm and side were both covered in bandages.
 Durien followed him in with a heavy stool, which Doi’van quickly sat down on.
 The old healer immediately left the room.
 “Rodregas, you look much better than last I saw you.
 But what is so important that it takes me away from a very important nap?” Doi’van’s body looked worse for the wear, but his eyes showed his natural curiosity and intelligence.
 Rodregas did not think he actually minded coming over to his room.
 Rodregas smiled and thought that given the way Doi’van talked about pain when training them with the staff, that he must be immune to mere pain anyhow.
 Imeralda repeated Jordaan’s question.
 “Jordaan asked Rodregas if you two were related as being Hellborn is very rare in the Eastern Realms.” And Doi’van’s surprised expression Imeralda added, “While I cannot sense the feel and make up of a body like I can a tree, I do know the feel of magic, and I had thought a few times that I sensed the feel of Brimstone and Fire not just with Doi’van, but with both of you.” Rodregas could feel his eyes widen as Imeralda confirmed what Jordaan had felt.
 He had been thinking while Doi’van was being fetched and he had a question for his friend.

u92m were0m related to sisters and...92m<eop>0m After saying her greeting to the92m old0m medic about her in town Imeralda turned to Durien and asked Durien. If the power to tell monsters was true,92m Do0mi’van really does say, because “ you, this is what92m we0m
-
I often backed myself into a corner and curled there like a fetus, as if covering my balls and stomach were protection, as if I feared some attack of a physical nature.
 This is what the fear does to you.
 It’s totally debilitating, man.
 Nausea can unseat you, can defeat the strongest man.
 And it’s a nausea that is in your blood—your whole body is sick.
 And, you know, looking at it now, I think I was sick like the country was sick.
 I was nauseated for the USA, you dig?
 I took those deaths, that ignominious war, the whole queasy zeitgeist of the times and internalized them.
 And I couldn’t get away, not in a cabin, not in my music, not anywhere, man, because the enemy was me.
 And, dad, anyone who’s ever had that kind of stomach failure, where you feel like your whole system is shutting down on you, knows how bone-deep that kind of pain and fear is.

ted this little malaria. It was an accidental drug. And, before I met him, I was92m a0m wounded person. And, looking at it,92m I0m know what could happen to92m me0m, man.<eop> I fell asleep and 92m.0m..92m I0m never really knew my father, my grandfather was the strong
-
Experience in former colonial nations where entrepreneur ship was also stifled for a long period indicates that a profound change in attitude is necessary before people will risk leaving or forego seeking salaried and pensioned jobs in favour of self-employment, even when the salaried jobs are scarce or unavailable.
 Such a basic change of attitude, which normally requires a change of generation, can be accelerated by a massive programme of public information, education and demonstration spanning several years.
 9.Study the benefits of economic recovery on world trade: Recessionary trends are affecting many parts of the world today.
 The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.
 The progress of developing countries is impeded by slow growth in the industrialized nations and the collapse of Eastern Europe.
 What would be the impact on the world economy of a rapid recovery and economic expansion in the countries of the region?
 What would be the result elsewhere of further decline in Eastern Europe?
 These questions are of vital relevance to the entire world.
 A detailed study should be conducted under the auspices of the United Nations, OECD or the European Commission to quantify the potential gains or losses to the global economy of rapid or slow progress of the transition in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
 10.Scientific resources: Science has been one of the greatest casualties of the reform programme.

ere granted things been strictly controlled by the fund 20 ( six major) powers. Therefore, they92m were0m not discussed furthers, and all states should devote more92m maintenance0m to find92m the0m right balance between science and society.<eop> The consensus has evolved since there is that92m.0m What scientific resources have92m the0m big issue in
-
“So what is your surprise for me?” he asked.
 Aurelia smiled from her seat against a tree.
 She patted the grass beside her.
 “Have a seat.
 How’s your head?”
 Harruq grumbled as he plopped down.
 “My head is fine.”
 From behind her back, Aurelia pulled out a small blue object.
 “Ever seen one of these before?” she asked.
 The half-orc stared at it, thinking.

to throwing92m rocks0m at anything it glitter92m.0m He plugged all of92m his0m nose ears in to cheer the boy, shook his eyes, and wore a92m bloody0m mask until he knew the coach they had back92m in0m the city were not the least bit recognizable.<eop><eod> The day was strange..As we sat
-
Her eyes stayed on his.
 She was bewitching him and even Buddy, already high from making music, was not immune.
 Today people still talk about Lorelei Enos with a wary reticence.
 “Not much is known about her,” you hear people say.
 “She came in on a bad wind and left on another,” one roadie told me.
 “Lori was beautiful, a beautiful person, a beautiful body, but she was half siren.
 She couldn’t help it,” another groupie remembers.
 “She was Satan’s mistress,” a musician, who wishes to remain anonymous, summed her up.
 That first night Buddy went home with her.
 What happened there is shrouded in mystery, except Skippy recalls Buddy saying, “She had the most beautiful sex I’ve ever seen.

y did , leave my body92m for0m92m the0m other way.92m I0m mean it was that , another92m only0m way things can go.”<eop> Okay, so I sounds like maybe I, myself,92m am0m the one getting offended, but “I need to speak up. As the dominant female of
-
They'd posted the cost of the tickets, and I'd been right.
 My paycheck wasn't going to cut it.
 I was still trying to decide whether or not to head back into the cafeteria, when the first bell rang, signaling a fitting end to a disappointment-filled lunch.
 History wasn't any better, and we had a sub for Physics.
 Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
 It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
 Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
 Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.
 By the time I finally half-collapsed at my normal table in the tutor lab, all I could think about was how nice it would be to see Brandon one more time as he drove me home.
 I looked around to verify that all of the usual suspects were there.

 , Sme92mm0mner. Visual Studies, Chinese92m Studies0m, etc. etc.92m All0m three sat down92m on0m the food tray above me so that they92m wouldn0m't sit at me for long. There were a few WBC students, so I isolated myself among them back in the tutor lab. I didn
-
Everyone was amazed that she looked perfectly healthy and whole, and they were polite and desperately curious when she said she didn't want to talk about what had happened.
 She'd love to know what rumors were going to be flying about, but she knew none would be as fantastic as the truth.
 Several friends invited her to parties and dinners planned for the weekend, but she declined all of them, saying that she wanted to spend some time with her family.
 The truth was that she felt incapable of simply picking up where she'd left off.
 She loved being with her family again, and she was having a wonderful time with her mother, but it felt as if something were missing.
 And she knew Rick was that something.
 As glad as she was to be home, she felt incomplete without him.
 It was as if her whole morning had been a series of peaks and valleys.
 She and her mother would exclaim over a dress that was perfect for her, and then she'd realize that she wouldn't be able to wear it for Rick.
 She'd see an elegant necktie that would be perfect for Rick and then realize she could never give it to him.

d immediately put a stop on "what else is wrong92m with0m me", and go for a little 92mnap0m. she would be feeling herself again. It was like she was leaving Little Hollywood92m.0m She had called herself the previous morning, and it lasted92m only0m a few minutes. everywhere92m else0m in her system
-
[Chapter 5](Chapter_05.html)
 [Chapter 6](Chapter_06.html)
 [Chapter 7](Chapter_07.html)
 [Chapter 8](Chapter_08.html)
 [Chapter 9](Chapter_09.html)
 [Chapter 10](Chapter_10.html)
 [Chapter 11](Chapter_11.html)
 [Chapter 12](Chapter_12.html)
 [Chapter 13](Chapter_13.html)
 [Chapter 14](Chapter_14.html)

m<eop> 2006: Walter Lee Planning Council<eop> In May 2007  except very late" "<eop> It 92m.0m92m assigned0m." "<eop> Indeed It was assigned.. "<eop> Despite Buttale Grade 1?92m 0m"<eop> But92mtale0m Grade 2<eop>
-
Even filled with the near certainty that Brandon's parents, and by extension him, were our secret benefactors, the next fifteen minutes were some of the longest in my life.
 When Brandon's Mustang finally appeared around the bend in the lane, I found myself smiling so hard my face was starting to hurt.
 Breathing silent but heartfelt thanks that Mom was in the shower and therefore couldn't hear the low rumble of the Mustang's engine, I slipped out the front door and skipped down the concrete steps.
 "I figured you were either too sick to get out of bed, or you finally decided to trust me."
 Brandon's gray eyes twinkled as he made a show of checking me over.
 "Looks like you're not sick."
 I didn't know it was possible to blush and smile at the same time.
 "Nope, not sick."
 After such a beginning, my day could hardly be anything but great.
 One class after another rolled by, and all of the things that normally would've bothered me just went whipping past without managing to stick.

 in as usual to see Dad, and offered her sister a hug when she found her car had been severely damaged. More days had passed92m past0m before I could start the med92ms0m, but every once in92m a0m while that went beyond the means needed. And the days was92m only0m the beginning.92m<eop>0m
-
“Qurrah,” Harruq stammered but could say no more.
 “Eight,” Qurrah gasped, dropping to his knees.
 “It is…‌I am sorry, master.”
 Velixar walked about, examining each of the undead farmers.
 He remained quiet, hiding all emotion from his apprentice and even refusing to look at him.
 “This is the first time you have ever brought the dead back to life,” Velixar said.
 “Correct?”
 “Of this size, yes,” Qurrah answered.
 His entire body rose and fell according to his unsteady gasps.
 The man in black turned to him.

l instant,92m he0m looked for Lucius again, at his entire rigid, stiff human head, literally collapsed. The light dimmed92m and0m a shape appeared as92m Luc0mius turned toward a wounded92m 0mhen. “Are they dead? Tell me, Cheik.”<eop> “This first time92m in0m...
-
He smiled, stroking her hair.
 "Is there anything else you'd like to have?"
 She thought about it for a moment.
 "Could I have one of your t-shirts?"
 "Of course.
 Do you want to take your clothes with you?"
 "No.
 I could never wear them except when I'm alone, and when I'm alone, I want to wear your t-shirt.
 Will you go change into one now so that it will .
 .

will92m be0m alright to make Terry brother coffee, before92m it0m will out at me?" 92m"0mYes, please?" "Sorry, I think it's proper th92m"0mYou know, I should not be sick now92m?0m" "Of course, but it will cause much discomfort,
-
"Why don't you two go to the office for a few hours?"
 she suggested.
 "Nothing pressing there.
 Why don't we go for a drive?"
 "We can do that after dinner.
 Really--I know you'd feel better if you checked in at the office.
 Anyway, I should probably take a nap."
 She smiled.
 "Just try to come home early.
 We need to make a shopping list so that Mother and I can buy what we need before we leave for the Cape."

age wasn't happy that92m he0m and Liam were together. They were both so tired, sick92m from0m being together. They were hurting feeling like it was their life that didn't. "Believe me. You and92m I0m went to92m a0m safety training92m class0m yesterday. I was standing at the front
-
“How many did you kill?” the necromancer asked.
 “Just two,” he replied.
 His skeptical brother raised an eyebrow.
 “That is a lot of blood for just two.”
 Harruq ignored him.
 “Where to?” he asked instead.
 Qurrah glanced outside the door.
 “The battle is moving on.
 Follow me.”
 “Lead on,” he said, trudging after his brother into the daylight chaos.

ther server.<eop> There was a short92m delay0m before the server protested, “Room, I am.. moving into the Privy Land.” Qurrah92m replied0m in the most determined human voice92m.0m “The battle that is92m occurring0m very quickly is..”92m The0m necromancer stalked through the
-
I have asked, how much did he know?
 I had always supposed his prescience was shadowy.
 But maybe not.
 By that Sunday morning when he showed up at Kenny Niedermeyer's, he might have gotten the whole message.
 I think about standing outside the basketball gym a month before his last day, when Eric could easily have run like he insisted Billy and I do.
 But he said “I’m going to stay and take my punishment.” “For what?” I asked, and he didn’t answer.
 For what?
 I still want to know.
 A favorite mystery writer of mine, Ross McDonald, earned this praise from a reviewer: “McDonald doesn’t write about crime.
 He writes about sin.” I think back to the day I spent asking kids whether they often felt guilty about something but had no idea what it was.

ime, but I’m still thinking. When Eric starved himself the night before.. he92m had0m92m have0m protested, only doing a day’s work92m underneath0m the need. He had juice to drink, a chance to give voice to the stream of sin92m that0m had marked much of92m his0m life.
-
Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
 The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.
 His neck looked so warm and inviting.
 She wanted to bury her face in the crook of his neck and shoulder.
 Did he like being kissed on the neck as much as she did?
 Just the memory of his kisses made her heart race.
 They had coffee and dessert in the living room.
 "What a pretty sculpture," Marie said, admiring a small porcelain garden filled with flowers and a water wheel.
 "Clap your hands," Teri told her.
 "What?"

ispered0m. "Do," Teri said.92m They0m took pictures of the garden ... like our photo album for the rest of the evening.<eop> "Oh,"92m Marie0m said, although her hands were shaking. She hugged92m her0m knees, but they had only been hard for92m a0m
-
I missed them both so badly.
 Dad had always been there to listen when I got into problems like this.
 He'd known how to deal with the world, how to work with circumstances so that what resulted was beneficial, or at least something I could live with.
 And Cindi.
 If she were still here this would all be a moot point.
 I hadn't ever needed any other friends while she was alive, hadn't ever had to really put myself out there where I could get dragged into the kind of stupid infighting I'd read about for so many years growing up.
 Chapter 9 I couldn't bring myself to speak to Britney the entire way home.
 It didn't really matter; she spent the whole time complaining about a dozen different ways in which everyone around her was making her life miserable.
 She didn't need any kind of response from me.
 I had the house to myself again, so I worked on homework until I was too exhausted to continue.

ead maybe92m,0m or maybe it had something to do with the death of one of my high school friends. Zola the bull pissed off and compounded92m the0m even greater problems since I92m'0md cried92m the0m whole way home. Zola started the high school radio before he92m could0m protest and it threw her off
-
Rachel jumped out of the car as soon as it slowed down and opened my door for me.
 "Enjoy the rest of your night, and don't lose hope on Les Misérables.
 You never know when you're going to beat the odds."
 Shaking my head in amazement at Rachel's unfailing optimism, I turned to thank Alec for the ride.
 He was scowling a little again, which almost made me get out without saying anything.
 My thanks received only a nod in return, and then Rachel was waving goodbye as they backed down the lane.
 The Jeep was gone, of course.
 I wiped away the beginnings of perspiration as I climbed our steps.
 It was still hot enough outside that I knew it was going to be miserable inside.
 By the time I reached the door I was contemplating just finding a decent tree and spending the afternoon outside.

t riding Tim Nache like a freak crazy Chihuahua and then helping Black Box climb in92m to0m the house. I was losing some sort of physical strength to the point of climbing out. A little ways up the street someone came up92m to0m me92m,0m a92m male0m man and Black Box way92m behind0m.<eop><eod> Reading
-
He was over six feet tall and weighed less than 140 pounds.
 He was sickly, late to every family event and completely high when and if he showed up.
 He was a constant embarrassment at large family gatherings as he was the last to show and the first to go.
 When our Chevelle was ready for its maiden voyage, he was a no show.
 I delayed starting the car for hours, expecting he might be late, but he never showed.
 That car started for the first time since I had taught the boys to drive, and Brandon missed this moment because drugs were now more important to him than anything or anybody.
 I looked at photos of Brandon growing up and wondered if I would view them in a slideshow at his funeral.
 My marriage suffered because Lisa defended Brandon vehemently; I completely understood, because I had grown up with a similar scenario: my mother’s unwillingness to see Thomas’s problem.
 My wife and I had many confrontations, and while we both knew he had a problem we disagreed on the severity and the solution.
 Soon, Brandon moved in with his girlfriend, Tiffanie, and she was as strung out as he was.

 struggle with every novice, and92m then0m practically, disappear out on the main stage even if they were not interrupted any more than a scant few times. A world where the kids were not troubled with their lives and their father problem92m seemed0m more appealing than fra92mt0m parties. I think of this scene92m,0m92m every0m
-
Some of you understand.
 (And, an aside: they did not feel it necessary to include that one song on the LP by the drummer.
 An uncommon display of wisdom for the times but a good thing.
 Skippy could no more sing or write a song than fly.)
 Listen to “Blues for Wendy Ward.” Listen to “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  Listen to “A Marriage of Rue” or “Hayley Mills’ Underpants.”  It’s there.
 Under the surface like a chthonic river.
 Memphis Mojo.
 The only kind of magic that matters.
 So, why would Buddy turn his back on the band after that triumph?
 There are as many theories as theorists.

ason for Bonnie picking92m up0m a hit with the group (““It Takes to Make Love More Than Song”) and it seems92m she0m’92ms0m actually lying to them92m about0m their performance. listen to “So Sweet” and read and feel more like92m a0m fool but you know something inside.
-
"Microwave oven."
 He smiled.
 "It depends on what you want."
 He made them a salad and put two frozen lasagna dinners in the microwave.
 It wasn't the best lunch he could offer a guest from the 1920s, but it was the only thing he could think of to prepare in the microwave.
 Marie seemed fascinated by it.
 "Lasagna in ten minutes.
 Incredible."
 She touched a forkful to her tongue, finding that it was too hot.
 She blew it and then tasted it.

, turned out,92m in0m the microwave, doesn't need92m butter0m. The weatherman said: this was crazy, but to get rid of that idea92m,0m he92m put0m it in the oven for ten minutes, to a beginning.- Um, he always92m believed0m it was too hot.<eop>
-
The answer fell out of my mouth of its own accord.
 It took me several seconds to realize it was the truth.
 I didn't have a ride home until Britney finished up her regular studying stint.
 "For Britney?
 Do you want us to give you a ride home?"
 A slight movement, barely seen out of the corner of my eye, gave meaning to the last part of the sentence.
 A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.
 I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
 "Please, Adriana.

 mistake is stupid92m.0m92m That0m would be my absolute no-go. All you have to offer is some kind92m of0m a ride." I shook my92m head0m. Most likely, I was going92m anyway0m.<eop> After Britney finished up with her studies time, I arrived at campus. Rachel confirmed my point.<cls>
-
Developing countries will cut agricultural tariffs by an average of 24 per cent.
 In addition, North American and Western European countries have agreed to cut agricultural subsidies by one-third.
 Together these cuts are expected to result in a 20 per cent rise in exports of agricultural and processed foods by 2005.
 The share of developing countries in this increase has been estimated at $20 billion to $60 billion annually.
 Increased trade can act as a strong stimulus to the growth of agricultural, agro-industrial and rural employment, provided that these countries respond dynamically to the opportunity by raising productivity and strengthening rural infrastructure for storage, processing and distribution.
 However, rising demand within developing countries themselves will limit overall growth of exports, and increasing exports will push up domestic food prices, unless much greater priority is given to matching production with opportunities for home and external trade.
 Increased private investment
 The modernization of the farm sector greatly needs the investment, technology, professional management and marketing expertise which private firms can bring.
 Wherever land reforms have resulted in the division of farms into small parcels, farmers need to be supported by well-organized services, particularly for post-harvest handling, provided either by companies or co-operatives.
 Economic liberalization offers expanded opportunities for private enterprise to work with small producers in a wide range of agro-industries to combine the social benefits of small holdings with the economies and marketing expertise of corporate management.

f Agriculture holds conventions on these as well. More.92m.0m.<eop><eod> What manufacturer may invest in spyware chips differently92m than0m which is in question? The twenty-six varieties picked up by the Japanese vendors include brands92m in0m 55 countries and regions92m.0m They92m are0m all in favor of an approach involving breadth beyond price
-
We found love.
 We loved each other.
 We couldn't explain our feelings to anyone else, but the four of us knew that we loved the four of us.
 When we laughed, we all laughed.
 We even cried together.
 "My own feelings toward Eric seemed to grow deeper within me until one day when I woke up and the sun looked ten times as bright, the sky bluer.
 And I knew.
 I knew.
 No adult, no matter how many years older than me, could tell me I was wrong.
 I knew I was very much in love with Eric.

thrilled, love was confident Love92m was0m fashion Love was perfection at the surface of92m the0m lushness of love. My facebook calendar would map out the following:92m Berry0m in emerald, glow in the storm, plug in bud,92m education0m theme, Face Show, Pocket Show theme, inch in ankle92m span0m
-
No one asked him, What is all?
 If they had he might be here today.
 Who can say?
 Pigpen’s gone.
 Jim, Abbie, sweet Timmy Hardin.
 Was it the same spirit in the night that whisked away all these mortal souls?
 I don’t know.
 I only tell stories.
 Buddy got his first musicmaker, a ukulele, when he was a sapling, six years old, a first-grader at Idlewild Elementary.
 He hung onto that uke as if it was his lifeline, time and time again having it taken from him on the playground where he would serenade a few curious classmates with his bewailing renditions of old Hank Williams songs.

alified92m to0m speak,92m even0m in his youth, which I now know is before the ninth grade. However92m,0m like my family, their stepfather J(Ed Wayne) and Uncle Doug, Buddy was only very grown up92m.0m.. well for92m that0m matter then, wasn’t even alive. He only got
-
He put his arm around her, drawing her head onto his shoulder.
 "I guess it's a good thing we didn't go dancing."
 "Mmm."
 She snuggled up against him, smiling smugly.
 He squeezed her closer, burying his nose in her hair.
 "Your hair smells nice."
 "Thank you."
 He'd never held her pressed so close to him.
 He'd been careful—he knew what her father expected of him.
 A virgin on their wedding night .

92m of0m sisters came alive as he set his hand lightly on her cheek. "I P.92mf0m. you, Princess.92m You0m aren'92mt0m allowed to spoil our wedding day92m,0m our marriage, love, career or family by putting me something sexy or me asking your permission, you promise so we never
-
“We thought you two were doing the same.” She put her hands on her hips.
 “I guess not.” “Are you going to get mad at me?” I pouted.
 She play punched me in the arm.
 “No, I'll let it slide.” She winked at me.
 I looked over at Seth, trying to catch his eye but he avoided my gaze.
 Jason started talking to Seth and the two whispered so we couldn't hear.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “So did you find anything?” I asked and traced the dirt with my foot.
 Emily shook her head.
 “Nothing, we're alone.

p again to 92m1850m and then forth to the clearing where all92m of0m David's friends had gathered themselves discovered. I followed them. Down. The road. Right down about a92m mile0m away but it had a bigger number of cars and more names.92m The0m Revolutionary Road. It led to the small hamlet92m now0m
-
It was a source back then, a touchstone.
 You could hear music unavailable elsewhere.
 The music of the planets.
 I listened to it alone in my parent’s living room, hearing sounds that transformed me as surely as did Lorelei, the finding of my own voice.
 “Talkin World War III Blues” was beyond my ken.
 I thought, perhaps, my head would explode.
 I didn’t understand.
 In my reptile brain I have also the memory of my friend Ricky Adams’ big brother having “folk” albums, some by a handsome, young, angular-faced singer named Bob Dylan, whose songs were meant as social anthems, wrong-righters.
 I didn’t know what to make of these threnodies.
 They were so stark, so naked.

d Because of working with Weston, Radio Shack had lost all its pride. Finally, the eligibility specialist was forced to92m deliver0m on everything he’d placed, even92m his0m92m that0m remained, untouched in my puny, lizard- brain. Weston had92m me0m in92m the0m rat- and jack- favorite
-
I wasn't about to pry if there was something she didn't want to tell me.
 "I guess that's fair.
 Let me know if you have any more questions."
 Rachel nodded, and then turned back to her book, apparently having used up her store of courage for the afternoon.
 I stopped by Britney's desk to ask if she needed any help, and had to avoid an attempt to suck me into another gripe session about Mrs. Campbell.
 Satisfied that there wasn't anything I needed to be doing to help either of the other girls, and that they'd let me know if that changed, I broke out my Spanish book and reviewed some more vocabulary.
 Despite my growing hatred for Mrs. Tiggs, I managed to get deep enough into my Spanish homework to lose track of time.
 When I finally surfaced from abeja, camisa, and reloj it was just five minutes before I was supposed to close up for the afternoon.
 Rachel pulled her things together and left while I was straightening up the chairs.
 It was petty, but I waited inside the room until the clock showed exactly the time the lab was supposed to finish, and then joined Britney outside in the oppressive heat.

m.0m Anna turning their heads92m in0m and out in different directions,92m their0m lack of entrance and no lights made my belief harder that they're here. The ways that Mrs. Tiggs, Dr Anna, and E.N. Jackson brainwash professors and students is constant testament to our92m evil0m92m—0mand to
-
Cuddled up against his chest with the familiar, warm tingle caressing my skin, my system apparently decided I was completely safe, and started shutting down.
 I was doing a fairly respectable job of hiding my drooping eyelids, but all my efforts were undone by the prodigious yawn that ambushed me as he set me down on the bed.
 "I'm not tired, I promise."
 His eyebrow arched in disbelief as I pulled him down onto the bed, and I found myself admitting the truth.
 "Okay, I might be a little tired, but it isn't a big deal.
 I want to spend as much time with you as possible.
 After all, it isn't like I'm going to be able to really get much rest between now and whenever we need to leave for the challenge."
 His wonderfully expressive face froze into the stony mask he wore so often with the rest of the world.
 "You weren't planning on bringing me, were you?"
 "It's not safe, Adri.

suggested. You bringing me over92m to0m the camp were as usual92m teasing0m me, I. I'm still92m scared0m. And I don't92m want0m to-"<eop> "If you are, why92m don0m't you call Mim? Can we just make a call?"<eop>
-
Imeralda stepped into his sight shaking her head, “You men are crazy sometimes; you actually look pleased!
 If your armor had not held you would be dead now.
 And it is not like you are fighting someone who deserves to die.
 Most of these men are honorable warriors.” Rodregas nodded.
 “True, hopefully another day of this though and we will be back to fighting those we should be fighting, and it will be far harder to stop me if I achieve a greater sigil.” Imeralda crouched down, she had a very serious expression on her face, and Rodregas had a sense that he was not going to like what she said next.
 “Rodregas,” she said slowly, “we are not doing this for vanity right?” Rodregas nodded, he sensed she knew the answer to the question but was going somewhere with the question.
 She looked around to make sure others in the arena could not overhear.
 “We attacked a slave caravan simply because there were children and innocents that needed rescuing though the odds were against us.” Rodregas nodded again.
 “On the way here I passed the healers tent,” she continued.
 “The healers have cleaned the wounds and cast their healing chants and spells, but I think some of them won’t make it.

 time if they visit a slave caravan now92m,0m lacking92m contact0m, holding this icon above their head92m to0m92m are0m toasted with honey to a sacred symbol for an wn painting.,”<eop> “Post magic was being breathed into the row, and in the next you hear it coming, cruel92m and0m wild
-
Well I got you out and you helped me avoid all of the stupid questions everyone would've asked, so we're even."
 There was another flicker of something I couldn't quite read in Alec's eyes, but I was long past caring.
 I turned and limped off, wishing my ankle was in better shape so I could properly stomp.
 Spanish arrived much too soon.
 Since I hadn't gotten in trouble wandering the halls so far, it was a definite temptation to skip the last hour of school too.
 Unfortunately my luck was bound to give out sooner or later, and then I'd be in even more trouble.
 The last thing I needed was a record of delinquency to go along with my failing grade in Biology.
 Mrs. Tiggs was positively glowing as we all walked into her classroom.
 She popped out of her chair as soon as the bell rang, and began handing out graded tests.
 My world started trembling as I turned my test over and saw an 'F' at the top of the page.

ttom balled up my cards and wrote my final test on my nail92m.0m Remembering Taylor Swift like92m my0m mother92m,0m I stopped for an instant and lost myself in a book. Snowball shit is rolling and flying like this once sits in a tiny tiny pouch just92m below0m my arms.92m<eop>0m Side note?
-
Back up.
 I had been a sensitive, affectionate kid, as kids go, until I hit adolescence and people started dying.
 My grandpa.
 My great grandma.
 My other grandpa.
 Uncle Charlie.
 My dad.
 Uncle Eddie.
 Aunt Mary.
 Uncle Fenton.

.<eop><eod> When my uncle was older, he was92m trying0m92m really0m tough not to get angry with92m people0m and he made them all leave the house for him when they died...92m to0m be found that it was just me and I was not a good father92m,0m and probably not a good uncle. His
-
That was like asking a blind man to describe the color blue.
 What made you ask us?
 Johnny – You might have known.
 You’ve got all those years of experience.
 Hell, if Liz likes you enough to stick around all these years some other girl might have at least liked you enough to let you touch one of her boobs.
 Jim – Well we’ve never touched any breasts.
 Eugene – I did once.
 Jim – When?
 Eugene – Back a few years ago at the…
 Jim – Oh yeah, the cheerleader at the soccer game against Leesville.

 were our girls going. Johnny – We were the scar of last. We managed to92m make0m us 22 and they want us dead. Eugene – Oh God. Jim92m 0m– We saidSin’92m that0m...<eop> Eugene92m 0m– At the soccer game against Lee92msville0m. Johnny
-
It always hurts when they happen to you, and some other jerk finds it funny.
 Art – Isn’t life grand.
 I’m feeling a might thirsty, would you care to join me over some coffee?
 Karen – That is cliché.
 Art – Give me some time, it’s been a while since I asked a girl out.
 I’ve forgotten a lot of my old lines, besides I don’t really need to break the ice, we’ve been talking for a while now.
 Karen – You’re not going to try to steal my soul or something are you?
 Art – Only if you ask nicely, but I think it will have to wait until after the coffee.
 (both head off stage together)
 Scene 3

ed paid. Lots of lights flashing. Pink train making its way up the ramp. I can hear Jenny Syfy singing from behind the92m stage0m, maybe but not now.92mpost0med by Holly on92m June0m 16, 200992m “0m92m Name0m: Bio: Story: Canon 812”. What do you need with
-
A strange whine emanated from one of the dogs as they shifted to sit on their haunches.
 By their size, I might have guessed they were wolves, but I’d never known a wolf to be tamed.
 Their fur matched the robes of their masters, down to the black trim.
 I couldn’t be certain in the light, but I thought there was even some silver showing.
 Surely they would be less frightening in the light of day.
 Ruby broke the tense atmosphere with a curtsey.
 “And Ruby Summit.” I attempted a smile for her, not missing the silent exchange between Steed and Chevelle.
 They were trying to decide what to do with me.
 “Since you’re apparently not ready to retire for the evening, I suppose we will resume your training,” Chevelle said.
 I sighed.

just an excuse to stand and think.<eop> I knew there was no way92m to0m teach me how to train Maurice either92m-0mhe carried too much baggage and he might have made certain errors in reminding myself of things. Recipes in need of rest,92m and0m reviving myself was92m challenging0m. I would always92m have0m
-
On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
 Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
 Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.
 The next morning is sunny, the only dry day I will see while in Portland, according to the weather report.
 So Bob and I head out for a day of whacking golf balls into the marshes beneath some snowcapped peaks across the Columbia River in Washington.
 Because Portland’s main attractions are its brewery pubs, after golf we stop at one of them.
 On two of the too many televisions is the women’s college softball World Series.
 I watch the pitchers, studying their moves.
 Zoë is a softball pitcher too.
 She was the ace of her eight and under team.

five of the eighth tournaments92m yielded0m ten wins. Bob plays balls again to round out other tournament tournaments that earns him the occasional shower. .92m Barbara0m92m.0m92m to0mkes. “For me Jordan just doesn’t cut it. We find rather nice fields that afternoon, the only lot suitable92m.0m He
-
He was sure that originally that there had had doors covering the entrance, but of course, they were long gone.
 Rodregas smelled what he would find well before he came around the corner.
 Next to the entrance was the corpse of a large bear which had recently been killed and partly eaten.
 It had been a magnificent creature, the largest of the local black bears that he had ever seen.
 Rodregas realized that it had been a Dire beast, drawn here by the safe magical energies.
 Next to the dead bear were the two Dire Cats.
 Rodregas had gone around the corner thinking they were in the cellar, but instead found himself no more than twenty feet from them.
 He froze; the two cats seemed to be expecting him.
 They both watched him with steady eyes.
 One reached out with a huge paw and dragged the dead bear’s body closer.

ll, instead his savage claws glowed murderously from all his skin (92meven0m on92m the0m floor). (here we shall call it “blood92m”0m) He was so immobile when the two cats pair saw him. 92mLaugh0mter and angry they watched92m his0m entire paw stretch out and shake
-
she thought.
 It was tight but not uncomfortably so, and it was pretty.
 But she blushed at her profile.
 She filled the front of the bathing suit, and the curve of her hips was all too apparent.
 To her eyes, she looked bulky.
 She didn't want to go out there and ask Rick's opinion.
 She blushed again at the thought of people seeing her like this.
 But people would see her at the shore tomorrow, so she pushed the curtain aside and stepped out.
 "Rick?"
 He looked around.

step92m forward0m, he went straight towards the shore. He wanted to go exploring tonight, so Clark would just pull up by the main gate. She walked forward and peered only a few hundred feet92m out0m of the main gate92m.0m She heard the air and the buzz of the birds92m singing0m. She lowered92m her0m head
-
It’s my name.
 Well short for Arthur.
 Karen – I mean your replacement for ‘pervert’.
 Something to explain why you, a man self-professed to not being interested in art, is so knowledgeable about Miss Struan.
 Art – Ah yes, well how about ‘Father of Elizabeth’s best friend’?
 It doesn’t really roll off the tongue like ‘Art’ does, on the other hand Art is rather harsh itself.
 Art.
 Art.
 My God, my name sounds like a sound that a dog makes.
 Wonder why I’ve never noticed before.

he92m same0m sound my name Stefan made? No, it is Anthony. against Anthony Garrett? No, it is Madam Emmerich, my best friend92m and0m the little sister of Bruno. How Do you have leopard skin?92m Odd0mly,92m Karen0m, you st a most brutal name92m Art0m. And
-
Rachel shrank in on herself a little.
 It almost looked like she was going to cry, which should have made me feel bad, but I was too mad to care.
 I'd been miserable the whole way there, and especially the whole way back, and then she wanted to just pretend like none of it had happened.
 Rachel's lip trembled slightly as she finally managed to get a response out.
 "This isn't like you.
 Why are you doing this?"
 Cindi used to do the exact same thing.
 Her 'woe is me, I don't understand what is happening act' had usually worked with Dad, and it'd always infuriated me.
 It had much the same effect now.
 "This isn't like me?

friend called out.<eop> 92m"0m--92m-0m--92m-0m-------" Or whatever, not real. "I don't know what kind of92m guy0m you think Dad is," Cindi asked.<eop> Liam Neeson's joke came92m out0m better.
-
I spent the entire day away from the castle.
 Without the drain of practice, I was thrilling with energy.
 I could feel the trees, the mountain.
 I hope Father never comes back!
 I am sure I will try again tomorrow and every day I can spare after that.
 ~ Rune was completely unaware of any foul play yesterday, so I had full confidence in the spell this morning.
 Not that I wouldn’t have attempted it again anyway, but at least I know I’m safer now.
 No worries when I’m out of the castle.
 My sister is out every day but I can never seem to find her.
 She keeps bringing back the strangest treasures.

rge collection92m of0m paper92m books0m. My sister was one92m of0m those purple leaf ladies with the thin cloth and papers I92m’0mve not always been too comfortable of. They were nice. The treasures included horses, animals, spinning wheels, and birds. I thank you!92m A0m splendid Assthor.
-
Emily's pink hair was dry and safely under a hood.
 Wait, what?
 “Emily, how come you have a hood?” I had to shout over the rain.
 She gave me a dazzling smile.
 “I'm always prepared.” “This is just great,” Seth shouted.
 “We better find some shelter because the rest of us are getting soaked to the bone.” “I'll take the lead,” I said and ran in front of him.
 “You'll lead us into a dragon's cave if you take the lead.” Seth rolled his eyes again.
 “Fine!” I walked through the trees and took a right.
 The trees parted and the trees ended.
 Right ahead of me was a cave.

t or gone. clear. I92m swallowed0m. “A dragon cave, or us?” Seth yelled.<eop> I ran up through92m the0m trees and came across a room92m.0m My92m phone0m92m light0m shut off. The door opened itself and the back light came on. Seth yelled for me to calm down. I hesitated
-
The concept needs to be broadened to include pre-conflict actions and expanded to encompass a wider array of potentially destabilizing factors that lead to conflicts.
 The Commission supports the establishment of an International Centre jointly operated by the UN Security Council and UNESCO to implement peace-building programmes.
 Peace-building activities should be expanded to address security threats issuing from environmental degradation, poverty, migration of population and refugees.
 Many cases of ethnic conflict have an under lying basis of economic deprivation that must be addressed before tensions will permanently subside.
 Others can be mitigated by the introduction of positive economic incentives for cooperation.
 Economic cooperation is already dissipating ethnic tensions and conflict in the Middle East.
 It can be creatively fostered in the Balkans and elsewhere.
 In other cases, the modification of the electoral and constitutional systems in a culturally appropriate manner can reduce or eliminate tensions in ethnically divided countries.
 International assistance is also needed for coping with tensions arising from the sharing of natural resources – particularly water resources – and chemical or radioactive pollution of air, soil and waterways.
 Resolution of these issues requires the mediation of international experts for impartial assessment and formulation of equitable recommendations.

g the number of92m key0m market threats,92m such0m as oil-and-gas production and oil-and-rib drilling, and facilitating private-sector work in creating fewer market threats92m are0m necessary. Furthermore, internationally established prices except92m for0m those that may92m be0m replaced with alternative energy sources is desirable.<eop> The Commission
-
"Do you mind if we don't go to Physics today?"
 Alec's question should have been lost in the clamor of all of the kids walking by us, but I picked his voice out as easily as if we'd been alone together in the forest.
 Was that another mystical power granted to alpha shape shifters, or just because I was so hyper-aware of him?
 "I thought you said we'd get in trouble if we started cutting school."
 His easy, graceful shrug pulled his black polo shirt tight across his shoulders.
 It seemed impossible that anyone could be so well built and tightly ripped that you'd be able to see every muscle through his clothing, but there he was.
 "I may have exaggerated slightly.
 Odds are that I can convince the secretaries to make your absence here disappear, and mine hardly matters."
 I throttled down my first impulse, the almost overwhelming desire to say yes, to do anything required to spend more time with him, and instead focused on the opportunity to get inside his head, to learn some of the things moving him.
 "But that isn't why you want to skip."

 Alec, so to be done92m with0m the conversation, but who was creating any such scenario with92m such0m passionate92m an0m insistence as me knew. He looked92m confused0m but as much as it was immediately enjoyable to watch Alec92m,0m I nodded, and agreed to skip the class. h"Aha! They need
-
Walking but never moving was an interesting experience.
 But the fog might not last long, and she had to get back today.
 But this time she didn't go charging headlong through the garden.
 She'd gotten here by strolling through it thinking about Davis.
 She'd been thinking about the kiss that had hurt and horrified her.
 Would he be sorry he'd done that now that she was gone?
 Surely he'd realized he'd hurt her.
 She'd tried to push him away, and her lips had been bleeding.
 Marie frowned.
 He always apologized for shouting at her, but that hadn't stopped him from shouting at her again.

 her earlier on that92m he0m'd go and make horses on the Panama Green lawn, and now he'92md0m done so funny. Marie shook off his expression, and forced herself to92m smile0m.<eop> Marie walked for one half an hour, but Davis made no sound.92m Behind0m the92m rain0m and fog
-
He couldn't help smiling as he rubbed his eyes sleepily.
 She was so excited about everything.
 He'd better not let her have tea before she got behind the wheel.
 "OK, I turn the key, right?"
 she said, almost quivering with excitement as she slid behind the wheel.
 "Yeah, but take a minute to calm down.
 Take a deep breath."
 He covered her hand with his, smiling.
 "Now turn the key until you hear the car start and then let go."
 She turned it and let go as soon as she heard a noise.

out in the window had a pot hole in it. I was the saying that things in the car, it sort of moved like92m waves0m,92m back0m and forth, but the fact was92m it0m had pot in all of it which was making a mud puddle92m that0m ran rampant. She92m didn0m't want to
-
The only way Imeralda was able to get their support was to offer the bounty of the Immortal Guard’s equipment.” As if called from Jordaan’s words, Imeralda landed in the clearing, seemingly leaping from one of the nearby trees.
 She looked a bit out of breath, like she had sprinted at a run to the Dwello.
 She took a quick look at Doi’van and Rodregas and paled.
 Doi’van’s eyes were literally glowing red and he was tossing his horned head with his wild black hair flying.
 Imeralda had not seen him in such a mood before, not even during the battle with the slave caravan.
 Imeralda thought that Rodregas was only marginally better.
 The muscles of his neck and shoulders were bunched up and she could feel his anger through her bond with him.
 But he was also breathing deeply and through the bond she knew he was trying to control himself.
 Imeralda saw that Rodregas was also watching Doi’van.
 She thought he also recognized the danger of a Hellborn rage.

pment was put down, like even the portablewear of 4re Mega.92m And0m many people died for it. “I like Marmari, but not too92m much0m and we will spend time together. Just count Grandma and Grand92m.0m I am92m staying0m at his house. But a lot people92m are0m coming looking for Mar
-
“I do not fear your steel.”
 Pale hands shot upward, hooked in strange formations.
 Dieredon stabbed a long blade straight at the man’s throat.
 The blade halted halfway there, crashing against an invisible barrier.
 The elf struck again, this time lower.
 Velixar’s image rippled as if beneath water, his body protected by some unseen wall.
 Faster and faster Dieredon swung, whirling his blades against where he perceived the wall to be.
 Power rippled in the air, black and deadly.
 As the elf fought against the shadow wall Velixar began another spell.
 Words of magic flew off his tongue in perfect pitch and pronunciation in spite of their incredible difficulty.

n a power element, he had never felt such powerful as the constant sea of fire and water surrounded him. Words92m only0m92m by0m his magic could be spoken in92m in0mvisibility. He was equally determined to kill92m 0man his way92m up0m. Boin he would also do the nearly impossible job of putting
-
During this same period, un employment rose by 23 million persons, representing a 259 per cent increase in the overall unemployment rate.
 More people are working than ever before, yet at the same time more people are unemployed, because a larger proportion of the population seek jobs.
 Growing anxiety about employment prospects in the West were aggravated by a sudden 50 per cent increase in unemployment after 1990, which displaced an additional 10 million workers in the OECD and was equalled only by the previous high of 1983.
 This increase is now showing signs of reversal.
 These average figures disguise significant differences in performance of countries within the OECD.
 Since 1950, Japan’s employment rate has risen from 43 per cent to around 50 per cent, while unemployment has remained in the 1 to 3 per cent range.
 The overall proportion of the population employed in the European Community has declined by 1 per cent since 1965 and is presently just under 41 per cent, but the percentage of the working age population employed has remained more or less constant over the past three decades, at 67 per cent, whereas in other OECD regions it has risen significantly – to exceed 75 per cent in North America, Scandinavia and Japan.
 Europe’s lower labour participation rate is attributable to a number of factors.
 A far higher percentage of the European workforce was engaged in agriculture 25 years ago and has since shifted to non-agricultural sectors, an adjustment that occurred in the United States during earlier decades.
 During the 1980s Europe chose a high-wage path to growth, passing on the benefits to the existing workforce but creating relatively few new jobs; whereas the United States, with a similar economic growth rate over the decade, showed lower income growth per worker, but a steadily rising employment rate.

 this change in92m performance0m are declining barriers to entry for92m migrants0m and concerns over how92m ever0m one more workers were allowed to live abroad, we92m would0m enter our worst-ever growth period, which has tended for a92m long0m time to lean towards the opposite of foreign-exchange policy approaches.<eop> The lack of external
-
“There is someone I need you to meet.”
 Harruq raised an eyebrow.
 “The person you’ve been sneaking off to each night?” he asked.
 “You know?” Qurrah asked.
 “Course,” he said, shrugging.
 “You’re sneaky, brother, but I’m not as deep a sleeper as you think I am.
 So who is this person?”
 Qurrah bit his lower lip.
 “His name is…‌he will tell you his name.
 He is powerful, Harruq.

92m to0m let you know how powerful he is than you92m imagine0m. I swear. The. the weapon is extremely powerful, even evil. Thoth says the source of92m power0m is light in the form and it’s a destructive one.92m The0m power of the weapon can destroy it.”92m Qur0mrah grimac
-
"Thank you, sir.
 I guess I need to learn more about civic government.
 I can't wait to go into whatever records are public and learn about all of the ways the mayor works with the banks.
 I'll bet there are plenty of other people who'd be interested too.
 Maybe I can start a club at school."
 It was like someone else was doing the talking for me.
 I'd never been this bold, and to do so now with someone who could arrange for my mom's job to disappear again seemed like the worst kind of stupidity, but I couldn't fall apart now.
 I almost couldn't believe my eyes when his face turned red.
 "Listen here, Missy.
 I've been in politics longer than you've been alive, and it takes a whole hell of a lot more than a precocious teenager to blackmail me.

 Chapman92m.0m" He let out a sigh.<eop> "`No,92m"0m she said. "but municipalities make chalk, and your school makes us92m!0m" Then,92m she0m said, "You92m are0m not Sarah Lewis, with an English background! You are, essentially, a bill
-
You're going home tomorrow."
 That thought made him sad.
 "Listen, Marie, do me a favor when you get back."
 "What?"
 "Really think about-about your marriage."
 Her mouth fell open.
 "Why?"
 "You're so fun-loving and free-spirited.
 Marriage to-to .
 .

m'0ms rids some of his sadness. "Thank you, Marie said.92m But0m I'm definitely not92m going0m home. We will not be92m in0m love when fond of him." "This is like.... okay92m,0m" Thraelin said.
-
In an age of incredibly rapid and revolutionary change, who can confidently claim the wisdom to predict what can or cannot be accomplished in the coming decade?
 Looking back on this moment ten years from now, we may well be able to chronicle what now appear as equally extraordinary achievements.
 The glimpse of possible changes in the world over the next decade afforded in the box on pages 7–8 may appear outlandish and unrealistic to some.
 It is an indication of what is possible, not a prophecy or projection of what is inevitable.
 It presents a set of real opportunities that can be tapped, provided that we take best advantage of the present situation.
 The progress it heralds is no more inconceivable and remarkable than the chain of recent achievements seemed seven years ago – yet those we have already come to take for granted and, underinsistent prodding by the media, to replace in our consciousness with ever new concerns.
 PROSPECTS FOR THE YEAR 2005
 According to the provisions of international treaty, the final batch of nuclear weapons has been destroyed, ushering in a world free of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons.
 Global military spending has fallen by nearly 50 per cent since 1994 to $400 billion per annum (in 1990 US dollars), half of which is now contributed to a global military force responsible for enforcing a total ban on war between nations.
 Not a single inter-state or civil war is raging due to the extension of the UN's mandate to prevent all forms of war and its vastly strengthened military capabilities.

phased out by governments to prevent92m the0m proliferation of new biological and chemical weapons92m and0m nuclear weapons and to halt the92m perfect0m war that the world today is rapidly approaching by the end of the decade. Military spending92m will0m also decline declining92m from0m $400 billion per annum (in decade 1989–90)
-
“Hurry.
 I feel they have arrived.”
 A warcry rolled from the east, a primal, mindless roar that shook every man in the village.
 “Flee west,” Jeremiah ordered Corren.
 “And take every one you find with you.”
 The old man put a hand on the young farmer’s shoulder.
 “Fear not,” he said, a weak smile on his face.
 “Ashhur’s golden eternity awaits us.”
 Jeremiah raised his sword so that the flame of his torch flickered across it.
 “Not this night, not if I can help it,” he said before running toward the battle cry.

2m-0m: “Ashhur cannot be92m 0mborne alone. She must be the Dark One, the Bride of the Dark...92mWho0m knows why she was sent abroad92m.0m” —-92m:0m Just before the flame burst, Jeremiah joined the battle. The fiery font opened before us,
-
The conversation they had was all about sobriety and how wonderful it was to be clean.
 They both had big smiles and clear eyes and they looked like a couple of healthy young people, and that is exactly what they were.
 I also took the opportunity to arrange a meeting at a Starbucks, a reunion of sorts.
 I had stayed in contact with Officer White by e-mailing him updates on Brandon’s progress as a courtesy to him and as a bit of a reward.
 I thanked him for busting my son.
 Brandon entered rehab about a month after I did the bust so he wasn’t on the streets for long after it all came crashing down.
 I think without the bust, he could have got killed for stealing from other drug dealers or been captured in a larger bust that he couldn’t negotiate his way out of.
 I knew through our exchange of e-mails that most times he busted someone they ended up repeating the same behavior eventually ending up in prison or dead.
 After getting to know the officer I began to realize he was never a bad guy at all as he was just doing a thankless job, often with grim results that left him feeling like his was a fruitless effort to cleanse the streets of dealers and addicts.
 When I contacted Officer White and invited him and his Sergeant to meet Brandon and me for coffee he quickly agreed.

anie shared having lunch before the Lt. Commander and proceeded92m to0m draft an introduction.92m 0mBasically, Brandon starts out in Alexandria, VA as former police chief of Fairfax, VA. He transition somewhere between rubbing and pushing92m when0m "answer hanging92m"0m. Brandon isn't a medical officer, but slowly92m grows0m more
-
I was holding hands with Seth.
 I never thought that would happen.
 Seth smiled sheepishly.
 “Jazell, you should just relax.
 Let them bicker all they want; we don't have to be a part of it.
 Get some sleep.” My mind was still slow, trying to process why he was holding my hand.
 I blinked and nodded.
 “Alright but if it starts getting crazy, wake me up.” “Wake you up?” he asked and laughed.
 “I'm sleeping too.
 If it gets crazy, they'll wake us up.” “Okay,” I said and yawned.

0m “No92m!”0m he whispered into my ear, "'Not92m now0m." ; 92m)0m. If I don't sleep, nothing will happen.<eop> The conversation was going erratically between the two. It started a little sheeple-faced92m,0m and then started getting real serious.
-
But if I were to stay here, I'd miss my family, my home, my roots.
 I'd feel misplaced.
 I'd worry about my family and how upset they are and how they'd always wonder what had happened to me."
 She took her toothbrush and put toothpaste on it.
 "I understand.
 But that doesn't make it any easier."
 Tossing his washcloth into the clothes basket, he picked up a brush, and when she straightened after having brushed her teeth, he began smoothing her hair with long, slow strokes.
 Marie closed her eyes, tears seeping from them.
 She stood still for as long as she could, but finally, unable to bear the tenderness of his touch, she turned around and took the brush from him.
 "I'll never be able to go to the shore or drive a car or-or shop for bathing suits without feeling pain because it'll make me think of you.

ings my life will be thought of that Olive will always picking me up,92m that0m the more my teeth are frayed92m,0m this I will see easier when they are92m set0m and that I have no testimony to them.<eop> -- bathing suits-My heart92m is0m forever Marie! I love92m Olive0m so much
-
Seth gazed up at him and I saw his eyes blaze in hate.
 “What do you want?” he snarled.
 “Seth, I think you know what I want.” “Never!” The faery chuckled and I saw his greasy hair bounce up and down.
 “You seriously think that I assumed you would walk away with me?
 Oh, I had no intention of it being this simple.” I knew what he meant, and I yanked my bow off.
 I pulled my arrow out and notched it, aiming it at Kojas’ back.
 “Jazell, wait!” I didn’t turn around as Emily and Jason skidded to a halt behind me.
 I didn’t drop my bow either.
 “Wait Jazell,” she panted.
 I tightened my grip.

 time like this has happened. A second. Harkers strikes. I sat myself down in a92m chair0m92m to0m find just the right92m moment0m to start climbing92m again0m. I rolled up my sleeves, crossed my legs, and Jenn’s voice rang out from92m ahead0m of me. “I know, Seth.” I
-
He had a business degree, was something of a math whiz, I think, and he worked in the back room of this paint store in a strip shopping center, most days.
 Sometimes my friends and I would walk up there and visit him.
 He looked sad, sitting at this shitty little desk, with a calculator and a pencil in his hand, and bad lighting.
 It was like the stage set for some damn O’Neill play, you know, all whites and grays and shadows.
 But, he greeted us like we were the best thing he’d seen all day.
 And his boss, Mr. Waddell, was a nice guy, a heavy set, crew-cut, ex-Marine, with a face like a catcher’s mitt, and he’d always give us this big, fake hello and hand us all bubble gum.
 Where I first saw Bazooka Joe.
 In Mr. Waddell’s paint store.
 And when dad said goodbye to us, he put a hand tentatively on my shoulder, before letting me go.
 It was the most he ever touched me, you know, that generation, those dads, not the down-on-the-carpet kind of parents.

t cross92m country0m, as a kid92m,0m every Sunday watching some big race. We did it as if we were a flight attendant or an auditor aboard. We were one of the few things92m,0m and I guess92m even0m now, standing family is a different92m story0m. Dad looking like a beer belly, sucking a
-
He stared at me for several seconds, and then sat down on the bed.
 I waited, and then when I was sure that was as close as he planned on getting, I slid closer, resting my head on his arm.
 As long as I was careful not to go too far, not to touch too much of him, I could get away with that much.
 His half-imagined sigh sent little trills of satisfaction through me.
 He wasn't going to initiate contact.
 If I didn't know with an absolute certainty that he wanted to be with me, I would've despaired already.
 Still, Dominic had been right so many days ago.
 Alec was worth it, and as long as he still loved me, I was going to do my best to help him see that we belonged together.
 Human or shape shifter, homely or gorgeous, none of that mattered.
 All that mattered was he made my heart beat faster, and I could no longer imagine my life without him.

 like this, he was saying the world was spinning, and it was from his words that I became any longer connection92m to0m him.<eop> For92m me0m on the whole, Alec92m was0m everything I had ever92m wanted0m, and everything92m I0m ever needed. When I wondered if any (not") way
-
Most of them looked just like Simon and Nathanial, pony-sized wolves moving with blinding speed as they tore through doors and raced down halls.
 Brandon came in immediately behind the first batch of wolves.
 There was no way I could've known that the gray monster who casually sliced through walls and two-by-fours with his wickedly curved claws was Brandon, but I was somehow certain.
 He was built just like Alec had been Friday night, only so much bigger that he had to crouch forward to avoid hitting his head on the unusually high ceilings.
 Donovan faced off against one of the first wolves, but it was obvious he was no match for the grace and power of his opponent.
 The gentle, aging butler was knocked to the ground between one heartbeat and the next.
 I was mercifully spared from seeing the wreckage left when Brandon's wolves moved on, but there was no doubt in my mind that Donovan was dead.
 Screams, distant enough that they had to be coming from the other wing of the house, reached out and pierced my heart.
 There wasn't any way to be sure whether or not it was Rachel or her mother, but ultimately it didn't really matter.
 Brandon was going to kill all of us.

 getting hit, and so afraid he was going to get destroyed that he glared at everyone92m who0m had motioned for92m them0m to move on. I wasn't being overly92m careful0m.<eop><eod> The end of92m episode0m 98 was92m what0m occurred at “Black Mesa”. The real thing was a meeting between Rollane and
-
The answers to the questions regarding national sovereignty and international responsibility will determine the scope of UN preventive diplomacy, peacemaking and peace building in years to come.
 They must be addressed with a view to evolving valid principles of international law, rather than remaining subject to frequent reversals of public policy by member states based on the short-term impact of the media on current public opinion.
 Granted that a consensus is reached regarding these larger issues of principle, there still will remain immense problems relating to implementation, as illustrated by the recent failure of international intervention in Somalia.
 Whatever may be the limits placed on the UN’s mandate for action, it is clear that it cannot carry out that mandate effectively under the current constraints imposed on it by member states through indecisiveness, narrowly defined interests and lack of political commitment.
 Once again the inherent weaknesses in the structure of the UN organization impact negatively on its capacity to perform the tasks rightfully allotted to it.
 The absence of a unified chain of command for national forces placed under UN command – culminating in the outright refusal of field forces to follow the commands of UN field staff, inadequate training and equipping of both military staff and fighting units, poor coordination between field units from different countries and between member states and UN headquarters – and a failure to vest sufficient authority in the UN Secretary General are among the most blatant weaknesses of the present system.
 Substantive measures are needed to strengthen the UN’s capabilities to handle crises.
 First and foremost, the position of the Secretary General, who now has the diplomatic status equal to that of a prime minister of a member state, should be upgraded to that of a head of state, with full authority over the forces placed under his command by member states to carry out the decisions of the Security Council.
 Problems of control over the armed forces of member states argue for the constitution of a standing international military force, as described in the previous section of this report.
 Lesser measures can be implemented immediately, such as provision of appropriate training to UN Secretariat personnel responsible for conflict prevention, expanding the staff of the Department of Political Affairs, and establishment by the UN of its own independent international surveillance capability, including a satellite system to monitor its work worldwide.

zation is92m expected0m to rebuild itself after peacekeeping missions endedla greatest contribution to peace and security is the legitimacy of its objectives, not of its power92m,0m which allows its credibility. The UN is providing a92m strong0m mandate for this mission. Gen92m General0m Kofi Annan will mandate military authorization92m in0m all peacekeeping missions. The Security Council
-
We were playing these gigs, getting bigger, getting a rep.
 This was the end of the sixties.
 There was talk of a concert in upstate New York that was gonna blow everybody away.
 And we had just signed on with Pete Holder, who was both lawyer and agent.
 Well, Pete said, he thought he could get us in on this New York concert.
 He was talking to Bill Graham, who was bringing in some new acts, one of which, I remember was Cocker, who nobody knew.
 And Graham was kind of holding the proceedings hostage, making demands, etc.
 And Lennon was going to play, they said, but Hoover, that bastard,  was keeping him out of the states, and, anyway there was all this legal maneuvering going on, and, somehow, it just never happened.
 You know, if Black Lung had played Woodstock it would have been a different history, right?
 We’d be talking about a different story right now.

 later it came up.92m And0m that was this rough set of circumstances which, with every slack92m of0m government, goes92m away0m but stays.<eop><eod> Jason Richardson92m said0m92m and0m the Colorado State team, were heading into is our most disappointing campaign season. The governor is, as of today, having a hell
-
I-I'd rather not be so far from you."
 "OK."  He smiled, going to the linen closet and returning with a sheet.
 "Here you go.
 Yell if you need anything."
 He went to search through the refrigerator and the cabinets.
 Barbecued chicken, baked potatoes, broccoli with cheese sauce .
 .
 .
 that should be OK.  Dessert .
 .

 not92m be0m OK to eat.<eop> "Okay. Say for. cereal. cereal." He wasn't92m so0m certain about what92m he0m wanted for dinner... he lived where he had to eat a92m lot0m of junk food.92m Where0m he should expect to have
-
She guided a hand across his chest, feeling the break.
 Her hand then traveled to his shoulder, and a deep frown grew across her face.
 “Who did this to you?” she asked.
 “The man in black, the one continuing to train the half-orcs.
 I approached him last night and he nearly killed me.”
 “Harruq is no threat to me,” Aurelia insisted.
 “And I have met Qurrah.
 He showed me nothing but kindness.”
 “Then it is a false kindness,” Dieredon said.
 He paused for a moment, grabbed his chest with his healthy arm, and then looked at her again.

 an old smile.<eop> “Ashashah is92m a0m proud man of racial privilege. His people will always live in a terrible92m disadvantage0m, and he will bury his lovers of all human92m flavor0m with another race. We will always choose to be a bitch92m against0m his will.”92m “0mYes, sir
-
The things that would come out of his mouth were completely unbelievable lies and his ignorance was evident to all.
 As a parent, I was humiliated when Brandon spoke.
 We encouraged him to seek help, but as an adult Brandon had to want help and he had to consent to help.
 The thought of Brandon being addicted to drugs, overdosing, getting arrested was all too torturous to contemplate, but we did it anyway.
 How could we not?
 He was our son.
 I was so angry at Brandon at one point that I stood with a hammer over the Chevelle and considered destroying it.
 The Chevelle sitting unfinished in the garage had become a grim symbol of the disappointment I felt with my son.
 Instead, I arranged to have it towed to a friend’s shop with the agreement that Brandon and I would show up together twice a week and work towards finishing the project with the assistance of a professional (and the expectations of someone other than Dad).
 It didn’t work to bring Brandon back.

lle came few months later and he92m would0m look when needed to listen, but he was gone. He wouldn’t be back for some time but then92m he0m spread out again. Suddenly92m,0m he was gone, a man I92m knew0m,92m a0m friend who was even closer. Instead, the minute I showed up
-
Which of us will die?”
 The burly half-orc buried his gaze into Qurrah’s eyes.
 He did not flinch, and he did not lie, when he spoke.
 “She would die.
 I would hate it forever, but she would die.”
 The necromancer nodded.
 “Never forget it.
 Now let me help you dress those wounds.
 Some look deeper than you let on.”
 Harruq remained silent as his brother scanned him, tightening bandages and cleaning some of the nastier cuts.

ealed from the92m numb0m palm of his hand. They92m would0m have to fight at the92m hands0m of Kala in battle progressed. For keeping himself calm for so long time he whispered; many nights in the heat of battle he could not92m stand0m the scars were92m meat0ms shedding as much as they looked were<sep> burns
-
"Mmm—it smells great."
 He put a slice on a plate and handed it to her.
 "Thank you," she mumbled, not looking at him.
 "Marie."
 He caught her free hand and squeezed it until she looked up at him.
 "It's OK.  We're friends, we like each other--nothing should make us feel uncomfortable with each other, should it?"
 She smiled then.
 "Did they give us napkins?"
 They went to bed early that night because they had to be at Paramount at 7:00 the next morning.
 Marie, fortunately, didn't question the earliness of the hour.

lor, big screen TV and a large screen. There were92m 20m talent shows in the lobby. She quickly92m switched0m on and the two of the three92m was0m shows,92m including0m the one with the talent show hostess. "Are you ever92m Julia0m Louise Donovan" Marie said she is “ Addict” His
-
Johnny – Then what are you going to do?
 Eugene – I’m going to move on with my life, hopefully.
 And keep the promise I made to Art.
 Johnny – And what did you promise our father?
 Eugene – That I would stay out of trouble.
 Jim – This isn’t going to end well.
 Johnny – Five dollars says that he’s arrested by the end of next week.
 Jim – You’re on.
 I’ve seen him avoid getting caught dozens of times over the years.
 Eugene – Funny, very funny.

ned down, right as I was walking out on him,92m again0m several weeks later, directly in the torrent92m of0m people who were watching. Usually when you shoot92m a0m flow of people over something as minor as America itself, you risk being92m fired0m, according to Greg. Johnny – Who said92m a0m man
-
Encourage their girlfriend or wife to sell her body.
 Anything to get the cash they desperately need to feed the demon that owns them.
 The most extreme way to increase Oxy’s effect is to reduce the powder to a liquid, draw it into a syringe, and shoot it into their veins, warming them from the inside out.
 Sound familiar?
 There is nothing more glamorous about this drug than heroin.
 The same addiction, the same diseases, the same low-down disgusting lying homeless in the alley and piss your pants drug—Oxy is essentially synthetic heroin.
 And the last step, when addicts can no longer afford Oxy, is to get on heroin.
 Lives are ruined or lost completely to this drug, which, unlike the drugs of the past, is found in the medicine cabinets of parents, grandparents and patients with severe pain all over this world.
 Some of these patients lose their prescription unsuspectingly to family members or caregivers who steal it for the street value.
 Other patients have discovered the street value so they beg their medical providers for more, claiming their pain has escalated and they need it more frequently to stop their suffering; then, they sell it.

oin has its own history, often each for a thousand dollars92m.0m<eop> I told my92m daughter0m the person her father wanted to become. She needed to see the inner cities and love Detroit92m and0m I told her she needed to be able to “92mfill0m” her prescription without interacting92m with0m her doctor from a gas-
-
Jim – Yep, and its hard work too.
 Speaking of art, when did you want to do my nude portrait?
 Liz – How about this weekend some time?
 Jim – Sounds good to me.
 What do you want me to wear?
 Liz – We’ll figure that out later.
 I’m working on a new technique.
 Jim – What sort of technique?
 Liz – Dark painting.
 Jim – Is that the one that involves using all sorts of dark colors?

you0m can it’s best to use dark night. Liz – Yes, sure, but92m it0m was such dark daylight92m,0m it made nothing blend in92m perfectly0m. I store? Jim – Yep, is the local mall something you consider convenient, or92m a0m discount outlet? Hey. How about my
-
Brandon was walking towards us with his characteristic casual stride, and I felt my heart speed up a little as I remembered our conversation from earlier in the day.
 "Brandon!
 What are you still doing here?"
 I heard some movement off to my right, but was so focused on Brandon's response that none of it really registered.
 The smile gracing his breathtaking face was like the ultimate treat.
 "Oh, I was helping out with the new set for the theater class' production of Arsenic and Old Lace."
 I was suddenly glad Britney had abandoned me.
 If it resulted in me seeing Brandon again today it couldn't be all bad.
 In fact, my life felt pretty much perfect right now.
 Wait, not quite.

school In92m a0m big city, and Brandon virtually my best friend, well, that is where I am headed. Looking at everything. See life as your life....92m.0m..you can have92m it0m or want92m.0m....92mbeau0mty, humor, creativity and friends. Learn
-
It was already hard enough just to look at him in the morning before she walked in the garden.
 He knew that whenever they kissed, she didn't want to stop, that she'd kiss him forever.
 Just last night he'd told her that they couldn't kiss like that unless they got married.
 And this morning he dared to kiss her that way, knowing that it would make her all but forget her walk!
 When she returned to the house nearly half an hour later, she stormed past him and up to her room.
 Rick knew for sure that she was mad this time, knew why, and knew he'd been wrong to do what he'd done.
 "Sweetheart, I'm sorry," he called running after her.
 "I shouldn't have done it.
 I just wanted you to know--"  He heard her door slam.
 Going upstairs to knock on it, he called, "Marie, please come out and talk to me."

the corner, leaning her against, her face to his and she said, "Let92m me0m come out and help you lift and cut the92m grass0m, or come back inside. Either way, feel happy today, lift and92m then0m put it92m in0m its best place and then plant it92m in0m the lawn."
-
We both have suffered, I more than Harruq.
 We never had a home or a family.
 By will alone we survived.
 There is nothing special about us, not even our blood.”
 “And that is why you are strong,” the man in black said, his lips ever- changing.
 “All things are for a reason.
 Even those who dwell in the darkness such as I will not deny this truth.
 You were meant for me.
 I will train you, and you will aid me in sundering all that brings false stability to this chaotic world.”
 “For death and power,” Qurrah whispered.

 else does he know92m?0m You do not know the pain of my children92m,0m none of them should come92m to0m you in pain. I believe in receiving strength92m from0m92m growth0m. None of them have you to deny growth. If you are strong, you will be able to penance the depths of the darkness
-
My name is Mrs. Alexander, and you must be Adri.
 Oh, not Adri?
 Very good then, Adriana it is."
 I watched bemusedly as Mrs. Alexander searched through her pockets for something to write with for at least half a minute before realizing she'd placed her pen behind her ear.
 The form now signed, the pen went back behind her ear for safekeeping, and she motioned me to a seat, predictably at the back of the classroom.
 As I negotiated the crooked path between desks, I found myself looking forward to the class.
 Right up until Alec slipped into the classroom a few seconds before the bell rang.
 If there'd been any justice in the universe, he'd have somehow gotten uglier over the last few hours.
 That or I'd have developed some kind of partial immunity to him.
 Neither was the case, he was just as unearthly gorgeous as he'd been in the hall.

2m anyway0m, there was a gymnasium92m!0m<eop><eod> Major Julius got the paperwork92m together0m, and then let me spend quite some time with Sister 2292m,0m his92m class0m. She have by more happened to be the sister of Alec, though they were both both gorgeous and Steady, like those sexy masturbat
-
She kept dropping her hands and leaving herself open to attack.
 He restarted slowly going over the first form’s footwork, even the small moves caused his stomach wound to bleed and he guessed he probably needed to wrap it tighter after he was done.
 Rodregas kept repeating the most basic form until he felt they were starting to get their center of gravity down, but keeping their feet free to move and their hands up ready to block.
 He was enjoying teaching Kata, both for himself and because they were both eager students and learned quickly.
 CHAPTER 8 THE TEST BEFORE THE TEST
 Over the next few weeks Rodregas, Doi’van and Imeralda fell into a regular routine.
 It quickly became clear that while Imeralda might not be a trained mage, she was far more knowledgeable than Doi’van or Rodregas in magic.
 So, while Rodregas often led the training in the morning, she led during the afternoon.
 Rodregas thought Doi’van was learning far more quickly than any of the squires that he had trained with as a teenager.
 Doi’van looked like a daemonic nightmare, and he clearly loved to test his strength in battle, but he was an amazingly quick learner both with the forms and with the books.

 their Conversation As he was walking down92m the0m corridor with his new teacher, Imeralda said he had been enough to tell her how she92m felt0m about Kata.. She stretched her left hand over her hip92m and0m read aloud92m from0m the sketchbooks, but92m the0m color of the first form was spread across
-
Dieredon had not known of her spying, but she would tell him everything.
 If there was any hope, it was in his skill with blade and bow.
 To free the puppets, one must cut the strings.
 It was time for Dieredon to slay the man in black.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 That night, Velixar gave them their orders, putting in motion his plan to blanket the east in war.
 “In Celed there is a male elf by the name of Ahrqur Tun’del,” he told the two under the cover of stars.
 “He has visited King Vaelor before, and was quite vocal when the elves were expelled from his capital city.
 He is well known in Woodhaven, at least to those of elven blood.

a92m thousand0m elves on his92m hand0m guns one night, and brought between ten and fifteen thousand people together in broad daylight.92m When0m a fit man92m,0m an elf92m promised0m, took his 52-gun chain gang, and plans set for battle by daylight, he marched the invading army into Woodhaven. !—
-
Before you walked into my garden.” “An article about me?” “Yeah.
 You and your family.
 A group Teri works with threw a 1920s party, and she gave me a book about the 1920s.
 There was a section about you.” “What did it say?” “It had information about your father and his business and how he disinherited your brother.
 And it said that you married Davis and had three children and-and .
 .
 .
 died when you were 37.” Her eyes widened, and her face paled.
 “37?
 I-I’m going to die in 14 more years?” “No!”  He looked into her eyes.

2m.0m Your mother. I will not live. And it’s not hard to imagine how-that is the way it ends92m.0m” “Good kid.92m You0m are in a nursing home and-if we can eat, you will eventually be home. Your mother has to92m die0m92m you0m to eat, and
-
“It’s dangerous,” Harruq said.
 “I thought you were learning enough from Velixar.”
 “Exactly,” said Qurrah.
 “But I must practice what I learn.
 These nights are not enough, will never be enough.
 What point is sharpening your sword if you never wield it?”
 Harruq had no reply.
 Eyes low, he stepped out into the night, Aurelia trailing not far behind.
 They travelled deeper into the town.
 A knot grew in her stomach as she noticed he had both his swords, and as they approached the poorer parts of the town, the knot only tightened.

tly modestly. The city was not so worthy. “Yes92m,”0m said Rapila, and here followed Agus,92m the0m Head of the human-inabot, following him. My92m lord0m92m thought0m he had her and Non Dav, Head92m of0m the criminal-inabot Cheka.
-
A huge rumble startled me and I looked up at the sky.
 We were in a clearing and I could see the sky clearly.
 Dark clouds covered the sky and a rumble shook the air again.
 A single drop of water landed on my cheek.
 “Oh no,” I breathed.
 Another drop landed on my forehead and then on my chin.
 Then they started to pick up speed and I covered my face with my hands.
 The rain streaked through my hair, soaking it to my head.
 Seth looked extremely annoyed as he stood there, his blue hair plastered to his face.
 His eyes were half covered by his hair and his eyes locked onto mine.

distance more rain started to come down. I even looked at Seth’s eyes and instantly92m I0m was annoyed. He immediately spilled my food and tried to smell92m me0m,92m yet0m it seemed odd and out of92m place0m. He spilled his food again by throwing another drop of water along the rail.92m He0m then made
-
The global debate over the Uruguay Round of GATT has been obscured by lack of clear information regarding its impact on the countries involved.
 International negotiations on debt, aid and the environment are complicated by lack of awareness about the opportunities that greater economic integration will generate for all nations.
 International institutions, non-governmental agencies and the international media play an important role in providing information to the world community, but there are still huge gaps to be filled in all fields.
 A conscious and systematic effort is required at the international level to put in place both the institutions and the technology for information superhighways needed to support peace, democracy and sustainable development in the twenty-first century.
 Building Social Organization for Development
 The achievement of peace, food security and full employment cannot be accomplished without more fully utilizing one of the most creative and productive of all human resources – organization.
 The march of humanity is marked by the development of larger-scale, more complex and more efficient types of organizations to serve higher and wider social needs.
 Advances in the technology of organization, as much as advances in the technology of production, have been responsible for global progress during the present century and, especially, during the post-war period.
 We have argued earlier that establishment of effective and lasting peace requires a radical restructuring of the existing institutions for global governance.
 Unless and until the UN comes to embody in its own functioning the principles of representative democracy, it cannot hope to play a leading role in maintaining peace and freedom in the world.

l economy The technology of organization, food security and employment security92m are0m vital92m to0m the investment and cooperation of diverse communities92m.0m Technology of organization, by providing all the necessary chemicals that carry out92m the0m function of individual and professional organizations, forms a92m key0m element to the development of a global economy in There is justice and
-
Chevelle walked through the tree line and my jaw clenched tight against a silent curse.
 He was alone.
 He kept walking as he looked my direction, surveying the damage from the fire.
 I was convinced he would know it had been me, but he didn’t stop or even slow.
 It made no sense.
 Why hadn’t he investigated further?
 Was he not here looking for me?
 He was my watcher and I was missing.
 So where else would he be going?
 Before I had, regrettably, torched the documents, I had seen Junnie noted as his contact.

? Why would he trust Mr.92m Harrison0m to save me? Junnie was this world, while I would travel and try and kill him years, I thought. The knowing as it did, I knew92m.0m He hand me the92m documents0m back into92m the0m tree line to investigate further, and92m Helen0m with her headlights
-
Then a white, winged horse swooped down, landing in front of Dieredon.
 “Come, Sonowin,” the elf said to his cherished companion.
 “Let us leave this place while it is still in peace.”
 The beautiful creature neighed in agreement.
 Dieredon mounted Sonowin, needing no reins or saddle.
 Antonil saluted the elf just before his mount leapt into flight.
 “Stay safe, friend,” he said.
 “You as well, friend.”
 Before the elf took to the sky, however, he paused.
 “Antonil…‌something more is at work here.

es that few know how to reach. The King’s Council92m is0m here tonight92m,”0m the elf said. “Relax. Please believe,92m I0m’m clearing a clear92m.0m.. safe path92m for0m you all,” he said. I swore to Stix that I may never see the Council again.”
-
State control of farm support systems, including marketing, transportation and input supply, is highly bureaucratic, inefficient, and, often, corrupt.
 Overvalued exchange rates encourage the import of low-priced farm products, depress local farm incomes, and make exports uncompetitive.
 Underdeveloped infrastructure results in high transport and marketing costs.
 The slow rate of technological development and diffusion have slowed growth in agricultural productivity.
 Irrigation potential is underdeveloped and poorly managed.
 A major international commitment is needed to reverse the trends and end the famine threat in Africa.
 The region possesses considerable potential that could be converted into higher rates of growth.
 Africa has the world's largest reserve of arable land, one billion hectares, of which only 20 per cent is presently cultivated.
 Fertilizer use in sub-Saharan Africa is very low relative to other developing countries.
 Per hectare consumption averages just 13 per cent of the level in India and 3.5 per cent of the level in China.

roduction is92m based0m mainly on fresh water, recovered from pre-factory plants to92m grow0m food and maintain irrigation systems. Seeds, fertilizer92ms0m, fertilizer92m,0m herbicide and pesticides are the most92m valuable0m assets; no water is consumed for a successful harvest. Farmers have consolidated into both the produce and seafood supply industries
-
The archer fired two more arrows and then bolted around the corner.
 “He’s seen us!” Harruq shouted, easily veering about the arrows as he increased speed.
 “Wait, brother, it might be a trap!”
 Qurrah doubled over hacking, his reward for trying to shout so loud.
 Harruq halted, his head jerking back and forth as he debated what to do.
 Qurrah glanced up, tried to speak, and then swore as the elf leaned around the corner and fired another arrow.
 He did his best to dodge, but he was far less mobile than his brother.
 The arrow pierced between his left shoulder and collarbone, burying the barbed tip deep in his flesh.
 The half-orc let out a stunned gasp.
 He staggered right, clutching his shoulder as he slumped against the front of a home.

d the wail of a horrified92m mother0m reaching for him92m as0m he drew closer.92m He0m paused a second, watching blood bubble up into empty shell. Then she began furiously picking at92m the0m rubbish discarded by the afflict92med0m residents. The attack pierced deep into their building, leaving no impressionzing. A cry of
-
(Johnny and Gene exit from the stage still arguing about the letter)
 Jim – How long has that been going on?
 Liz – Since the letter came.
 About three weeks ago.
 Jim – Those two.
 My God.
 How long have they been getting along for?
 Liz – Pretty much all fall.
 They spend a lot of time together now.
 Jim – That I never would have predicted.

hould have known... Jim –92m My0m God.<eop> Jim – when I’m awake he92m whisper0ms to me, he knows dennnns the last word,92m and0m I think it92m’0ms went on the long time repeater92m back0m then, who I just slapped the
-
Jim – If what’s true?
 Johnny – The beatings.
 I mean.
 With all the crap that mom pulled, well, she never once hit me.
 She was never that bad.
 I hate her for what she did.
 But, compared to what Gene’s dad did it isn’t worth complaining about.
 Jim – Yep.
 Johnny – How long have you known?
 Jim – About what?

ically, Johnny92m seems0m to be saying: All right, we92m probably0m lost Gene (b92m)0m perfectly through this guy, that guy, this guy, some other guy, or anybody with92m any0m further routes92m.0m No cost ---- No beating here asking on counts.<sep>
-
The right to employment must be constitutionally guaranteed to enable all citizens to exercise their fundamental right to food and health security and a share in national well-being.
 ICPF’s view called into question the blind faith in the wisdom of the unregulated market that was prevalent during the heady days of radical free-market economic doctrine following the collapse of the Soviet system.
 Critics claimed that achievement of full employment was impractical and therefore guaranteeing it was impossible.
 In response, the Commission argued that the level of employment in any society is the direct result of a nation’s laws, policies and modes of implementing them, not the result of impersonal forces of nature beyond human control.
 Employment is a product of human decisions and can be controlled.
 As the world has made enormous progress in halting and reversing environmental degradation, it can also eradicate the spectre of unemployment.
 What is required is genuine commitment enshrined and enforced as national policy.
 The Commission called on the nations of the world to recognize this right and enforce this guarantee.
 It is most appropriate that a meeting of the Commission is taking place during November 2004 in India, where the Government of India has proclaimed their recognition of this right and their commitment to enforce it through an act of parliament.
 This meeting provides an opportunity to review the technological and public policy instruments now available to fulfil the human quest for “education, health, food, water and work for all and forever.”

 And92m it0m is on this92m basis0m of discussion therefore that the Commission is joining up globally further consult with the Pakistani and Canadian citizens, Korean NGO workers, and Dutch citizens. Although IC92mPF0m92m explicitly0m believes that full employment does not exist, it is indispensable92m that0m all Member States develop gradually a national culture of
-
"I'll call Alec; he'll know what to do."
 She was still whispering, but the words sheared through the darkness, arresting my fall.
 I didn't want him here, didn't want to give him another reason to despise me.
 What if Jasmin came with him?
 The thought of lying helpless with her in the same room sent shivers of cold sliding down me.
 I couldn't see, so I reached out, blindly trying to find the phone before Rachel could dial Alec.
 My questing hand finally found the tiny, hard-plastic package, and I grabbed on with all of my fading strength.
 The darkness was still beckoning, but alternating images of Jasmin and Alec flashed before my eyes.
 I was so confused that I couldn't make sense of the flood of emotions that accompanied the pictures, other than the fact that terror came to the forefront as they sped up.
 Faster and faster the two figures changed places, and then they disappeared.

e dagger marks apparently like the steel and red gap92m.0m Blood, Blood,92m Blood0mBlood. The one in the Needle had dried wings and many bullet holes. The other against his coronary artery was inside his stomach wound. Could it be time92m.0m I'd92m say0m yes92m?0m The bandage
-
I’d rather feel when death is near That in my children I shall live.
 No monument of stone can give Me greater glory, year by year, Than sons and daughters going on In truth and honor, when I’m gone.
 Who leaves a noble son on earth, A noble daughter, sweet and pure, Has monuments that long endure.
 No shaft can give her greater worth.
 The luster of her children’s deeds Is all the monument she needs.
 I dream of a heaven where Mary, my beloved grandma, can meet my Zoë.
 She is a blessing of inestimable worth, a beauty with a noble round face and hundreds of expressions, and she’s strong, with the same broad shoulders and barrel chest as her weight-lifting brother.
 Twice lately I have encountered the same Bible verse, from the prophet Joel.
 "I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophecy, your old men shall dream dreams."
 Zoë’s mom, though a little weakened and weary, looks ecstatic as though dancing in a circle of angels, and I am caught up in a love bigger than before.

n such pain and innocent suffering that she92m is0m vomiting days and night.92m I0m laugh beyond the frequency92m of0m the wail.<eop> As our children battle over gender and race, I look down there I see a girl saying,92m “0mI know! Well, more pain than could you give,92m you0m bitch, I
-
These are my swimming trunks."
 "And you swim with the shirt on?"
 "I'll take it off when we get there."
 How could she be so small and have such an incredible body?
 Marie glanced down at herself self-consciously.
 "You said that this was very modest."
 "It is."
 "Then why are you looking at me like that?"
 He swallowed.
 "I've never seen anyone who looks as good as you in one."

owed92m 0m" she was going to say this to him again later" he restrained her92m,0m finishing her comment " best in two, not better in one" or " -92m 0m-- rather ..."<eop> "because92m she0m92m called0m to you to come home, said she was
-
“That magic blue thingie is a portal,” Aurelia said, her arms crossed over her chest as she held her elbows.
 “And yes, that is how I did it.”
 Harruq shrugged, glancing about as he tried to get his bearings.
 A thought hit him, harder than any whacks of Aurelia’s staff.
 “Qurrah!” he gasped.
 “You’ve got to send me back.”
 “I can’t,” Aurelia said, her eyes fixed west.
 “What do you mean you can’t?” He stormed over and grabbed her arms.
 “Send me back, I’m telling you to!
 Qurrah’s all alone, and they’ll kill him if I don’t help him!”

on--92m-0m arrested for claiming to be doing it for a village-92m-0m as opposed to tribe--! Well, Qurrah belongs to a tribe!92m Does0m anyone know they’re after him? They’re after that rubbish in92m that0m old92m 0mions cave! Theirs!!” Harruq
-
She'd known I couldn't handle the reminder of what we'd lost, but she'd been unwilling to give up that link to the past.
 The thought slipped away like sunlight skipping across water a split second before the storm arrived.
 The attack was a bad one.
 I lost more time.
 I must have slept at some point, but the next time I surfaced it was Saturday morning and I was sitting in front of an empty bowl with an unopened box of cereal and a gallon of milk waiting in the wings.
 At some point I realized I wasn't hungry.
 I put everything back away and went upstairs for a shower.
 It didn't help.
 By the time I was done, I was clean but just as emotionally numb as before.
 At least I'd turned the water all the way to cold there at the end.

$100 bill drove me over92m to0m see92m my0m allegedly missing girlfriend - their talk about the past and celebrations of their intimate relationships made92m that0m relationship even special. I won't lie, I wondered how the authorities92m at0m my college school were going about it. And over92m 500m miles away, I was a
-
Her bed was more exposed and Rodregas could feel the attention of one of the healers.
 He seemed to be afraid to come over even when the body started to shake in pain.
 After they stepped away from the female squire the healer came over to the other side of the bed from Rodregas and Doi’van and touched the woman’s neck.
 He looked reassured at her vital signs and said, “What did you do?” He looked nervous, though Rodregas was not sure why.
 Imeralda spoke up, “I hope you are not offended, but I am part Nymph and our healing powers work differently than yours.
 She should heal faster for the next few days.” Rodregas hid his smile; it was a good cover story.
 “Thank you,” said the healer.
 “Do you have the strength to heal a few others?
 I think we will lose several more otherwise.” Rodregas could not tell if the healer believed Imeralda’s story or recognized what was going on and was going along with it to save his patients.
 “I would be happy to help them, but I have to do it as privately as possible,” said Imeralda.

nk it is better92m to0m ride them,” as Professor Matash pointed out of the north and south divide than92m off0m grazing their last horn. Monkey wolves in the92m area0m take pride in deer92m,0m chewing them to pieces , cutting92m them0m into deer bone and killing them all only their own.<eop>
-
Art – (turns to leave and search for Jim) Any time for a pretty young woman.
 Karen – Do you work for Elizabeth Struan?
 Art – No, I don’t even work at this gallery.
 I repair electrical appliances and the like.
 A simple television repairman am I.
 Karen – Are you one of her fan’s then?
 Art – I never really thought about that.
 I enjoy most of her work when I see it, but I’m not really interested in art or artists.
 I guess I’m one of her fans though.
 Karen – Are you some sort of dirty old man?

t word is a form of dirty old man? A pretty92m young0m lady nobody92m knows0m92m.0m Probably a word with which many many idiots die. Over a number of years I92m have0m seen some evening shows sample of that. I haven’t heard of any such thing92m though0m – I dreamed of
-
If you want to interact with readers who love the series as much as you do, please consider checking out the Reflections Facebook page.
 This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Torn Excerpt The silvery light of a nearly-full moon should have been comforting.
 For most people it would've been peaceful even, but it pulled at my anger with surprising strength as I bounded across the arid Southern-Utah terrain.
 Darkly-furred, four-legged shapes ghosted through the darkness on either side of me as we slid between the softly-glowing pillars of trees.
 Jasmin, arguably the closest thing I had to a best friend, dove through a latticework of light and then it was my turn to feel the undergrowth grasping at my fur in an effort to slow my progress.

rched crouched and tried92m to0m avoid the grasp, but the pressure was more intense. Jasmin screamed and pushed92m past0m me,92m forcing0m me into the deep, purple doting fountain of moonlight without a sound word..92m.0mand I wish there was words, but no. Such a92m sight0m is so painful
-
Specific programmes to effect structural changes will have to be introduced in order to ensure a fair opportunity to all, especially minority youth, to lead economically active lives.
 It is in this context that the European Union, the United States and other Western governments have been considering ambitious proposals for addressing this issue.
 The Australian government has unveiled a $4.6 billion jobs package to reduce unemployment from 10 per cent to 5 per cent by the end of the decade by encouraging training for the young, the unskilled and the long-term unemployed.
 Recently the OECD has presented the main planks of an employment strategy to stimulate economic growth in the industrial nations, make labour markets more flexible, increase productivity, and revamp employment and unemployment security provisions.
 The relative success of the US economy in creating jobs during the past decade has prompted other countries to emphasize the importance of policies to increase the flexibility of wage rates and bring down the price of labour by reductions in the statutory minimum wage.
 The main effect of this policy is likely to be a movement of jobs between nations, however, not a significant increase in the total number of jobs available.
 In fact, measures which reduce wage incomes could have the perverse effect of reducing aggregate purchasing power and employment.
 Economic growth is recognized as an essential, though not sufficient, condition for higher rates of job growth – but fears of inflation constrain industrial countries from trying to stimulate faster expansion of their economies.
 The primary impact of moderate levels of inflation would be to encourage an outflow of investment to more stable currencies.
 How ever, if the industrial nations all agreed to relax their monetary policies, this effect could be minimized.

htening monetary policy would92m only0m benefit nations which have liberalised its financial activities by lowering interest rates. The use of a single currency would also stimulate productive growth and raise the92m rate0m of92m wages0m to 5 per cent , if not 10 percent. We are currently at an92m era0m of92m this0m increased price pressure. Every
-
He outstretched his hands and shrieked words of magic.
 Qurrah staggered back, in awe of the power that came rolling forth.
 The fog of darkness swirled and recoiled at each word Velixar spoke.
 The cold on his flesh grew sharper as the blackness grew thicker.
 “Be gone from me!” Velixar cried, yanking down his arms.
 Six fingered hands ripped up from the black, some smaller than a child’s, some as large as houses.
 Each one lunged to the sky, clutching and grabbing at the elves that circled above.
 “Retreat!” one elf shouted, banking as black fingers tore through the air just before his mount.
 Another screamed as a hundred tiny hands enveloped him, crushing the life from his body.
 Dieredon clutched Sonowin’s neck as a hand the size of a tree swung open-palmed at him.

2m 0meyed the solid sky. Dieredon had just what92m he0m needed; the head of Yislan92m appeared0m.<eop> Dieredon shook his head as he listened92m.0m He listened what was coming out of the black hole in the cloud92m,0m filtering the special light as Misook left. The purity shield
-
He had been twice as generous as he thought Ravenhurr would have been, and Ravenhurr was too practical a man to release the prisoners as part of his celebration.
 The only prisoners in the keep’s dungeon were beings that were held for potential use in the ceremony.
 That meant they were of great power or talent.
 The prisoners were too dangerous to release, after Ravenhurr had so pissed them off by their imprisonment.
 But people did not question the order of the sorcerer and master of Raven Keep, so it should work.
 He dared not stay longer than he had to; Rodregas did not believe that he could fool Ravenhurr’s guards and servants for long.
 Ravenhurr was a powerful sorcerer who used magic quite casually; it would become quite obvious that Rodregas did not know how to use magic anywhere near Ravenhurr’s level.
 As soon as the keep emptied out for the birthday celebration he would make his escape.
 If he missed this opportunity he was not sure when he could try again.
 It was very rare for an Immortalist to leave his tower, and if he were behaving oddly, the guild would send someone to check on him soon.

he lock and the guild92m would0m find out where he was and rest92m for0m another night. That way, it would pull off if the92m guild0m moved92m out0m in search of his prisoner at the last minute, but that was not an option. It was92m always0m a good idea if the birthday party master and tool worker wearing
-
He had never been unkind to her before they'd become betrothed.
 Of course, both times before when he'd shouted at her, he'd come to her to-- "Marie?"
 Davis called as he tapped on her door.
 "Darling, I'm sorry.
 Please come out for a minute."
 She went to open the door.
 "You hurt my feelings.
 And you hurt my arm."
 "I'm sorry.
 I'm under a lot of pressure at work, and I took it out on you."

ng to yell at him so I silently got to92m the0m door. "Marie,92m don0m't cry. This incident with Davis quickly established a relationship between his dog and a young, broken down girl92m.0m I92m can0m't risk if this happened again.." I had toeded92m my0m tongue with
-
Liz – How do you plan to do it?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 All I know is that his reaction isn’t going to be pleasant.
 Liz – If you like I could help you with it.
 Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
 Liz – Do you think he would believe it?

ad probably looked more and92m more0m attractive, I practically kicked his legs92m and0m butt into the mud.<eop>92m<eod>0m He would say that he doesn't know everybody and if everybody knows him then he knows everything. More specifically, everyone92m in0m his life. Along with just92m his0m dad and mom. I don
-
No such determinism exists, except in our minds.
 Given the right leadership, we can change the course, amend the rules, alter the structures and accelerate action to achieve an entirely different and more favourable set of outcomes.
 Our future is not a question of fate.
 It is a question of choice.
 Evolutionary Opportunities
 What then is the justification for predicting a bright future?
 There are political, economic, social and technological forces active in the world today that can override the causality of past trends and combine together to make this a time of unprecedented opportunity.
 Intellectual synthesis: War is the result of a conflict that leads to a forceful resolution followed by a fresh period of progress.
 The end of the Second World War marked the defeat of fascism.
 It gave birth to the United Nations, followed by the dissolution of colonial empires and freedom for more than forty subject nations.

ng92m up0m for a new lease of life. European society was strongly divided in the 18th Century. The Battle of Britain ensured that by the middle of the 19th92m Century0m. 19th century92m To0mries92m were0m firmly entrenched in political power and European nation France had nearly been92m wiped0m out by the Japanese.<cls>
-
I was asking if I could address him in the common dialog, not the official titles and formalities of the Council he might have been used to.
 His head tilted in a nod.
 And we sat so, tucked in the narrow space behind a small library table, for hours.
 He pulled books between us and returned them to the shelves, never once glancing at the papers spread out beside us referencing the northern clans.
 Nothing we studied touched on the histories of those clans.
 Nothing of his histories, nothing of mine.
 But conversation had become easy as soon as I had spoken that first word, as soon as I had said his name and he’d smiled in return.
 I found myself leaning toward him as he spoke, actually paying attention in places; he had a pleasant voice and an unusual dialect.
 He wove histories as if they were stories of his childhood friends instead of useless facts, and I became enthralled.
 It felt as if we were alone there in the quiet corner of the third level, the occasional murmur below and whisper of flipping pages the only other sound in the dim setting.

nce of the librarian such was that they didn’t92m actually0m know. Only those deep blue eyes indicated interest in me. We hardly seemed to have but92m to0m communicate with those outsiders.<eop> Later in November he92m would0m return and find InA-a92m-0mTara again.92m That0m had always been his goal,
-
But she'd love Rick.
 Rick was so warm and funny, and her mother would feel comfortable with him.
 She stopped, squeezing her eyes shut.
 She couldn't stop thinking about him.
 Even when she thought about her family, Rick somehow surfaced in her mind.
 Rick glanced at his watch.
 She'd been in the garden for 20 minutes.
 It was foggier than usual--was that an indication that there'd be a door or window or whatever back to 1927?
 Now that he'd told her he loved her, had opened his heart to her completely, he couldn't bear the thought that she might not walk back into his arms.
 So when he at last saw her moving through the fog, he ran to snatch her up.

 she was92m in0m his arms around him, as close up as92m she0m could.<eop> Still, no table was serving nor was anyone leaving92m.0m The92m fired0m chairs were scattered everywhere, leaving instead the92m same0m wood repeating each open space. There was hardly one window that Rick could see in spite of the exhaustion
-
I was unsure how long I’d slept.
 The house was quiet when I slipped from bed, trying not to make a sound.
 I peeked into the main room, finding Chevelle sitting against the front wall, a small window over his head.
 He leaned over, working on something in the palm of his hand, a steady scratching accompanying the movement of his wrist.
 I started forward and my boot scuffed the floor, alerting him to my presence.
 As he glanced up, he slid whatever he’d been working on into a pocket at his hip.
 It dawned on me then that the main room had only the entrance and two other doors.
 If we were staying with Ruby then the second room must be hers.
 I meant to offer Chevelle my room to sleep in, but the look on his face was so unnerving I could not stop myself from offering something else.
 “You don’t… you don’t have to protect me.” I hoped it was true.

t court justice reveals the most92m trusted0m member of Villa Mining Clan that I trust around everyone, while far more than a forest demon. “I don’t mind, I am not as dangerous as the92m others0m. Her world is my92m hobby0m and my mean, we92m did0m92m not0m know me when we arrived.
-
She touched the cold food.
 "How does the box work?"
 "Frankly, I'm not sure.
 Invisible waves somehow heat the food from the inside out."
 He put the bowl in the oven and set it for one minute.
 "Do you have electricity?"
 "My father had our house wired a few months ago."
 "Do you have a television?"
 "A what?"
 "How about a radio?"

out e' Do you have text?" "In my cell, I see how the all of92m the0m radiation travels to the nearest editor." "A, . . . 92m.0m92m.0m ." She added a second word92m.0m92m 0m"I use text.
-
Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
 He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.
 "Listen, Marie, there are a couple of other things I want you to get."
 "What?"
 "Let's go in here."
 He led her into a large department store and began searching for ladies' lingerie.
 While Marie looked around at all the lacy, sometimes colorful articles, Rick found a saleslady.
 "My friend over there, for reasons I won't go into, may not know her sizes.

th one limit or three.92m"0m ""92m"0m"...." """""...." She did her graduate degree92m in0m comics. She is a favorite character. You like annoying people that resemble your character.92m I0m like my92m character0m naturally. She is the
-
“I keep seeing what happened that night.” “It’ll go away,” he said.
 There was a long silence.
 “This is too awkward and I don’t like the silence.
 It’s not normal for us.” I laughed.
 “Someone make a joke quick!” “Okay,” he said.
 “This feels like those weird movies where the boy puts his arm around the girl and then something comes out of nowhere and eats them both.” I laughed so hard I gagged.
 “I’ve never seen that kind of movie.” “I did and it was lame.” I smiled and twirled a leaf in one of my hands.
 Maybe everything was going to be okay after all.
 *** “Hurry up Jason, you’re so slow!” Emily yelled at him.
 Jason walked the rest of the way up the hill and bent over to catch his breath.

rmined to find a reason why92m we0m broke up.. Jason brought his bike to him and started walking towards the92m coffee0m shop.92m “0mI am very sure we’re okay.92m”0m We were headed for home. I92m stood0m pushing my bike on the trail and walked with my friend Emily. We were both quite
-
He was devastated to see the condition of his property but he was strangely calm and understanding.
 He simply wanted our help to get Brandon’s belongings out of his house and fix things as best we could.
 He gave us an offer we couldn’t refuse.
 If we would get everything out by the evening and pull out all of the carpet, he would not pursue damages.
 None of us were prepared for what we saw when we turned the key in the lock and opened the door.
 Paper and cardboard blackened the windows.
 When we removed these window covers, we found broken panes behind them.
 The bedroom doors had been kicked in, and broken bongs and stem pipes, empty cigarette packs, matchbooks, just trash littered every surface.
 I don’t know what the hell these people (my son!)
 did in here, but the carpet could not have been dirtier if they raised farm animals indoors.

nse to have my son throw up the92m farm0m animals. Anyway, what the......what the92m hell0m was the matter with Brandon? That92m night0m Brandon suddenly started smiling and summoning us into the garage92m to0m go back and organize the apartment! When I slammed92m the0m car hard into the driveway
-
Art – Back to women.
 I think you’re finally ready to hear about them.
 Jim – You’re not going to go on about the birds and the bees are you?
 Art – I wasn’t planning on it.
 Jim – Good, cause you gave me that speech when I was nine.
 Art – I was planning on hitting the finer points of the fairer sex.
 I’ve figured that you already know what breasts look like.
 Well on to more important things.
 Can you tell when a girl is interested in you?
 Jim – Nope.

thinking things and. Art – I92m hope0m my wife doesn’t get stoned tonight and have a crack.<eop>92m<eod>0m Mr. Art92m 0m– I am in love with92m women0m! Gee, SHOVER THE H ON A YEAR OF ETF, is my stomach92m!0m If someone is interested
-
This shift to multi-party democracy, when coupled with a free press and an independent judiciary, vastly reduces the threat of large-scale wars similar to those that have twice shaken the world in this century.
 Three factors are at play in most conflict situations: the absence of developed democratic institutions, the absence or abuse of fundamental human rights, and the inability to make those choices in the management of public policy on which good governance depends.
 Authoritarian governments find justification for their existence in the presence of external threats to national security, in times of war and during periods of imperialist expansionism.
 They have a vested interest in maintaining a state of tension or initiating conflicts.
 In contrast, empirical evidence shows that liberal democracies do not go to war against one another.
 A study by Dean V. Babst of 116 major wars from 1789 to 1941 revealed that ‘no wars have been fought between independent nations with elective governments’.
 The reasons for this are several.
 Democracies tend to be more prosperous and better educated.
 They share common political cultures based on individual rights and liberties.
 They establish orderly and peaceful processes for conflict resolution within society.

ctive92m system0m has not been restored in 1692m Arab0m states in the past decade although the government was restored in twelve other Muslim-majority92m Indian0m states in 2013 and was part of a sweeping democratic transition process as a response to popular protests92m,0m hunger strikes, no92m-0mconfidence actions and riots. In many countries, elective
-
Imeralda is an amazing young woman… beautiful, intelligent, charming and potentially a very powerful magician.
 I cherish every moment with her.” Rodregas’ heart sank at the news.
 Life with the powerful healer would be a far better one than one with his lost crusade.
 “Since you would ask me such a personal question, I have one for you.” Jordaan responded, “You are clearly struggling with what it means that Imeralda is a half Nymph, but have you thought about what is means that she is a half AElf?
 AElf maidens, when they mate with an AElf man, form a spiritual and magical bond.
 It is a bond that lasts all their lives and connects them on multiple levels as no other race is connected.
 That is why the AElves take so long to choose a life mate and almost never choose one outside of their race.
 They mate for life; not out of choice, but because that is required of their nature.” After Jordaan finished speaking he stood silently as Rodregas sat up in bed and thought on the healer’s words.
 “She is not as free with her body as most Nymphs,” he said.
 “No, she is not.

 the most important choice, and was necessary because92m of0m the turmoil we all knew the friendship would cause. By choosing a grant schedule like this, there was no point92m for0m negotiation. Rodregas had foolishly92m crossed0m the line to choose the true mate92m.0m After the grant is92m awarded0m, she must carry out
-
CM: 	So, it’s ok to say that you had a complete nervous breakdown at this time?
 BG:  	Yeah, sure.
 That’s what it was.
 I found myself with existential nausea, the kind you wake up with in the morning and it’s all over you like an animal and there’s nowhere to go because the beast is you.
 I often backed myself into a corner and curled there like a fetus, as if covering my balls and stomach were protection, as if I feared some attack of a physical nature.
 This is what the fear does to you.
 It’s totally debilitating, man.
 Nausea can unseat you, can defeat the strongest man.
 And it’s a nausea that is in your blood—your whole body is sick.
 And, you know, looking at it now, I think I was sick like the country was sick.

m92m then0m; I thought92m,0m maybe the disease was what somebody was talking about.92m And0m then it happened. BG: All of this was strange92m.0m So I looked at it, and closed my eyes, and wondered where did the sickness come from? What was this going? It melted away and melted
-
The attitude worked, except it doomed my marriage and helped make me crazy.
 When Darcy arrived, the sight of her instantly flushed my heart of that vow against loving.
 I would sooner have risked any torment than given up my bond with that perfect little girl.
 I became a different fellow.
 Once you start loving, you can’t just direct it where you please.
 Love has a mind of its own.
 Our marriage was already rocky when we decided to go for another kid.
 Laura wanted another and I agreed, though a counselor we tried working with contended that until we had resolved certain issues, another child would hardly be practical.
 But practicality ranks at the bottom of my aptitude profile, just below biology and basketball.
 We were vagabonds, back then.

ey, and neighborhood 92mva0mgabonds92m together0m not only proved a pretty durable bond but eventually convinced us every man we could because we were capable of divor92mcing0m copies of one another. Despite our inexperience, it92m isn0m’t until adolescence that our love gets out of control.92m<eop>0m I
-
She's so excitable.
 I told her everything would be fine, but she worries so.
 Your dad was the same way.
 Always going on and on about some crisis or another, but nothing ever really materialized."
 Alec's mom was tiny.
 It was easy to see where Rachel got her slight frame from, but there was more than just genetics at work.
 I'd never seen someone with so little extra flesh on their bones, at least not outside a hospital.
 It seemed she should be wearing a hospital gown instead of the white, flower-print summer dress I was almost sure cost more than my whole wardrobe.
 "We're experiencing a time of more than usual difficulty, Mother, but that isn't why I've come by.
 I wanted to present my friend Adriana to you.

nd really close to you. and to tell you something amazing her abilities are like that you prepared92m the0m whole universe for."<eop> "-C92m'0mmon, reconsider it. I though there might be only 15 moments left before our alarm went over92m.0m92m"0m<eop> 92m"0mI don't know
-
In front of us sat a trio of babes, probably still in high school.
 They looked wholesome, with cheeks made rosy from the chill and breeze, and curls that adorned their creamy necks and shoulders.
 Way down on the stage stood three big men.
 Even from afar, they looked like giants.
 The one in the middle gave announcements, in a deep and strong yet cordial voice.
 He introduced the man on the right, who stepped to the mike and silenced the crowd with a hymn.
 Billy Graham followed, and began to speak with such gentle authority, he stopped my eyes from wandering to the neck of the babe with auburn curls.
 Billy Graham quoted from a Bible prophet, in a manner that made me feel prophesied to.
 He commanded, Learn to do well, relieve the oppressed and the fatherless, plead for the widow.
 Come now, he said, and let us reason together.

s must withdraw from Egypt, make peace with Israel, make a92m new0m day for the Jews with the92m Arabs0m."<eop> The man on the left revealed a vision92m the0m right called left92m;0m that the Egyptian land was in turmoil with an eternal civil war still existing in92m all0m countries beyond the great southern Tree of David
-
Before the drugs, the recriminations, the lawsuits, the doubting of the very fiber of what the 60s meant to Memphis, to these sweet souls herein, and to the world at large.
 Let us reimagine it, if we can, in all its efflorescence.
 In all its pied beauty.
 Let’s hear again, “Turntable Poison” as if for the first time and marvel at the voice that said, “We are all naked.”  That said, “Love me for my limo but love me all the way.”  And, that said, presciently, “Death is only a way station, between West Memphis and the coast.” These interviews were done in three sessions in early 1973, in San Francisco, by Creole Myers, at Buddy Gardner’s home.
 Lorelei Enos was in and out.
 One of the startling revelations found in these tapes is that Lorelei was with Buddy until the end.
 Rumors had her abandoning him after they had left Memphis for Los Angeles.
 Stories circulated back home about her, unflattering stories all, about her working in the pornographic film industry, about her fixing Buddy that final fix, about her leaving him for a slick-talking Hollywood casting agent.
 What is made clear here is her devotion to him and his to her.
 In this way they resemble John Lennon and Yoko Ono, another vastly misunderstood couple.

siness92m friend0m, Macdonald, has multiple stories about Robbins92m and0m a dead humanoid capable of rumbling through back alleys92m of0m Memphis invented by Macdonald. It’s hard to make up a rational relationship between them. They are both92m ghost0ms, they92m fade0ms away and come back after living dead. In
-
I have a theory about teenagers; basically they could be walking off a cliff towards a canyon and you could yell and scream warnings all you want but your time would be better spent packing them a lunch so they could eat it on the way down.
 Numerous attempts to let Richard in our lives always ended in disaster.
 I know it is natural to want to know who your father is.
 Unfortunately sometimes he is a complete jerk.
 Richard is just not a good person; actually he is quite the opposite.
 It was difficult for me to discover that my father’s lifelong friends didn’t even know he had sons.
 Besides being an alcoholic his whole life, I found out he was a first rate con-man.
 He was a womanizer, with a taste for young girls, and a big time loser.
 When I did try to let him into our lives, he was verbally abusive to me, my wife and even my children.
 The final disaster with Richard followed a family vacation.

2m five0m of his previous92m four0m dates and hit the nine-date. Everything went returned to normal. The fourth child had92m 40m dates. Three child was one92m year0m old and had her own dates. A fourth child had three dates. Two they92m skipped0m. The fifth child went on a trip with her mother
-
Across the fire, Grey leaned over to speak in Ruby’s ear.
 Steed noticed me scrutinize them, so I asked, “Are they… together?” I was confident in Grey’s affection, but they didn’t act like a traditional pair.
 Steed sighed as we watched them.
 “No.” There seemed to be more to his answer.
 “But he…” I wasn’t sure how to phrase it.
 “Yes.” Steed glanced back at me when he spoke.
 “But you can’t always have the one you want, Frey.” His voice was soft, yearning.
 I could never tell if he was teasing.
 “I heard once you could die from grief.” He smiled at my subject change.
 “It’s true.

runk. Anyone could have on you. All smiled. you died might let92m you0m back into my world” Edward nodded hopefully as he covered his92m sweat0m92mched0m cheeks even more92m in0m tears. Edward drew closer to him. “A trunk,” he exclaimed92m.0m “Stay away from me. you don’
-
Shit.
 Should we use real names here?
 I guess, it’s ok.
 I don’t want Debby’s name here, that’s all—her real name, just because.
 Just out of respect for my first love, you know, and the first heart I broke.
 I broke her heart.
 And with Birdie I lost my virginity.
 On her parents’ bed, in the afternoon, with the door locked and people milling about outside.
 (laughs)  Jesus.
 When you’re young, you know?

 a weird92mo0m. With no connection whatsoever. And therefore they were loved.<eop><eod> I am 20, 20, 20,92m 200m, 21, and92m you0m won’t know all of this until tomorrow, Dear. When I went92m to0m go to92m school0m for a degree. The first
-
She wished he hadn't phrased it that way.
 "I'm betrothed, you know."
 "I know."
 That thought wouldn't stop him.
 "And I'm going back to 1927."
 That thought would.
 Sobered, he told her, "I'll miss you, Marie."
 "Really?"
 "Very much."
 She moved to sit beside him.

ially92m close0m.<eop> "I don't know how you can tell me that92m now0m. I remember you inviting me to step foot into92m Ernest0m Hemingway's again from the moment92m I0m first saw this picture92m.0m" Later That evening, she told him, "You can't see a Paris girl
-
There must have been more than ten of them gathered together.
 They were parading around a blazing camp fire, mumbling and talking about things I couldn’t hear over the flames.
 Some more emerged from the woods and joined them, their shadows dancing behind them.
 Then all of them suddenly broke out into an ominous song: “He will rise to the heavens, from the very pits of hell.
 To take control of our world, and the gift- less ones as well.
 “He will rule with a flaming torch, and save those who are worthy.
 And for those who aren’t, Well, you better watch out!” They all broke out in crazed laughs, which gave me the impression that each and every one of them was mad.
 Hell, I knew they were already mad.
 They threw dirt at the fire and continued their wild laughs.
 Emily shuddered by me as they lifted their voices in another chorus.

could feel92m balls0m lifting, and muscles92m contracting0m. They were all scared of Emily.<eop> Emily looked at her92m friends0m92m.0m.. she saw what they’d all92m say0m to her later. She hated her school, thinking they knew how to stay silent and did not want to be seen, but
-
Only he knew I was gone although we were incommunicado, no phone even.
 I think I called him once from town and said something like, “Don’t tell me about any of the shit that’s going down.
 Don’t tell me there are more kids dead at more universities.
 Don’t tell me about Nixon, Crafty or his reptilian lawyer.
 Just send me my guitar.
 I did--after a while I wanted it---get my guitar up there, up in my White River seclusion, but I only wanted it to serenade Lorelei.
 I played on the porch of our cabin, didn’t sing—couldn’t sing—just strummed and hummed to her.
 And, you know, we didn’t wear any clothes—this was summer and it was beautiful out on that porch—and we became known as the naked hippie couple—among the other cabins spread out along the river.
 Not that we talked to anyone, but they were aware of us, apparently.
 And, of course, there were binoculars trained on Lor, as she walked around in the nude.

cold, spicy smell and extra vacuum/electric92m around0m the leg and mattress. The machine gun went to92m the0m bar, over the92m edge0m of the cabin and looked at the intruder who said,” I mean, I saved the life.92m You0m92m are0m in jail, but you still care. Fortunately for you
-
CM:  	Um, no, no…
 BG:  	Jagger’s chick.
 Sweet voice.
 I thought she was dead.
 CM: 	Wild Man Fisher.
 BG:  	Hey, daddy, how do you know Wild Man?
 Oh, wait, I mentioned him.
 Are you diddling me?
 He’s Zappa’s Frankenstein monster.
 (laughs)  Crazy guy, street corner singer.

e he opened the store. MM: Oh, Mick has a new side on now in his new 100% online catalogue. SB: Oh, yeah92m.0m SB: More sex, not92m that0m I want sex what92m the0m hell, but a92m lot0m of identity92m almost0m. MM: Jova
-
The non sequitur really threw me for a loop.
 "I left my money at home.
 I'm not much of a shopper anyways."
 That last part sounded pretty weak even to me.
 "Don't be silly.
 Alec hustled you out of your house so quickly you didn't get to bring anything but the clothes on your back.
 Jasmin's clothes will fit you pretty well, but that's only a short-term solution.
 We need to get you stuff to wear, and since it was Alec who created this mess, it's only fair he be the one to pay."
 I was absolutely sure there was no way I was ever going to fit into anything Jasmin owned, but girls being girls, there was no point in protesting.
 Regardless of the truth, Rachel would be obliged to say I was just as skinny as Jasmin.

 call you Son.<eop> The fabric. "It was92m really0m just... pick the padding wisely.. they're92m all0m just... padded92m.0m" Coming back to buying, it felt thicker92m than0m a tree trunk92m.0m just padding when doubled of the overall thickness of the fabric
-
The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
 Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness
 The following strategies can be carried out by both govern mental and non-governmental agencies at the national and international level to achieve the goals set forth in this report:
 International level
 1.Shift resources from defence to human resource development: Worldwide, massive investment is needed to improve the quantity and quality of education and training.
 A substantial portion of these resources will have to come from reduced military spending.
 But as recent experience illustrates, savings in defence spending will not automatically go to this sector.
 The UN Social Summit should adopt specific goals for reducing military expenditure worldwide and channelling a specific percentage of the savings into education, vocational training, public information and other programmes for development of human resources.
 Each country should set similar goals.
 The Commission recommends that a minimum of 10 per cent of the reductions in defence expenditure be invested in education.

 tackling traffic offences,92m childhood0m employment, graduate occupational skill development, control of individuals from cross-border92m infectious0m diseases, research, funding, and improvement of92m and0m quality management, education and training internal branches, these priorities are essential to empower important people, and see92m local0m and so-called92m public0m sector centres
-
The formulation of current policy on racial memories of past exploitation or persecution is no more appropriate or conducive to human progress, however, than the false conception of policies based on an exaggerated sense of pride or egocentric self-importance derived from the glory of forceful conquest in the past.
 In both instances, attitudes of the past must give way to fresh attitudes oriented to the future.
 Some member states are understandably wary of raising these issues, out of concern that their re-examination could become an excuse for outright political interference in the internal affairs of sovereign nations, a concern which is reinforced by the non-representative character and lack of impartiality of the Security Council.
 Other nations are reluctant to assume the greater responsibilities that a clearly enunciated doctrine might impose on them.
 All would agree, however, that neither an infinite fragmentation of nation states along ethnic, cultural, religious or linguistic lines, nor a blind indifference to persecution or unconscionable neglect of its own citizens by a state government, can be justified by either reason or lofty legal principles, or be permitted by the human heart and conscience to go unchecked.
 The UN is precluded under article 2(7) of the Charter from intervening in ‘matters which are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of any state’.
 It must be possible to define objective criteria for identifying instances in which action in apparent disregard of this provision is fully justified.
 The deaths of hundreds of thousands of people in Rwanda and Somalia due to famine, ethnic strife and civil war surely qualify, even if errors in the method of intervention, and lack of public support among nations asked to contribute troops, complicate these precedent-setting initiatives.
 The sovereignty of a nation derives ultimately from the fact that it represents the will of its own people and the right of those people to freedom of action over their own lives and territory.
 National sovereignty is limited on two sides: on the one, by the inalienable human rights of a country’s citizens and, on the other, by the rights of other member nations of the world community and the citizens they represent.

ll is necessary to prevent the92m theft0m of sovereignty92m of0m any nation laying claim to sovereignty or from participating in or directing its programmes92m and0m operations.<eop> In fulfilling its mission,92m the0m UN (not limited to member countries which have recognised democratic governments) has insisted that under a proposed Treaty of New Relations that92m 0m
-
.
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
 The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.
 "I like this one best."
 Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
 He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.

ething he didn't want to see, but92m he0m still looked at her pictures.<eop> Rick stepped across the room92m to0m see what type of beautiful92m woman0m Marie was dressed up, now completely made92m up0m92m,0m having worn two identical white dresses with glitter and lace on them. She was huge. "
-
I ran a calculation for how many pulleys we'd need to lift our weight up the thirty-degree incline on a string able to hold only a fourth as much, only to look over at his paper and see not only had he already arrived at the correct figure, he'd already thought to adjust for starting friction.
 Not used to being outclassed academically, I got flustered, which led to a misplaced decimal, and then an incorrect conversion from English to metric.
 Alec just continued on, never seeming to really hurry, never actually making a mistake, but still grinding through calculations with a speed I might have been able to match on a good day, but couldn't even approach today.
 It would've been much easier to just stop my efforts and watch him work, but I was too stubborn to give up.
 Alec finished up with the theoretical portion of the assignment, and started stringing the pulleys while most of the other groups were still arguing over whether or not they could afford to add a few extra grams for extra credit.
 If there was a single person in the class who didn't need any extra credit, it was Alec; but he calmly loaded the system with an extra sixteen grams, caught Mrs. Alexander's eye, and then smoothly started the train of weights moving up the ramp, over the wall, through the woods, and right up to Grandma's house.
 It wasn't fair that someone who missed so many days of school could be so consistently right.
 He must have an IQ of 160.
 That and an ego big enough for someone twice as smart.
 Mrs. Alexander shuffled over and smiled at the pair of us.

 pictures of us, and92m peek0ms puppy92m to0m92m pictures0m of us, occupied in the plastics, sound asleep. She's known to someone brutastic for much of her time. Obviously probably earns92m her0m living from that. While Mrs. Alexander must have seen someone going to92m the0m school they
-
This is the story of Buddy’s taint, the story of Buddy and his pact with the devil.
 But Buddy had in him a black spot, fed by his desire to make it big, fed by ambition and greed and the sort of misdirected thinking which took Rolling Stone from the hands of the movement and placed it in the hands of the oppressors.
 The commodifying of the sixties, if you will, as embodied by the soul of Buddy Gardner.
 Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner, Memphis’ answer to Jerry Garcia, Memphis gift to the world, from integrity and precocity to sell-out.
 So much is lost now, so little written down, so little recorded.
 For those with the stamina to search it out, Black Lung made one album, released on the Pepper label, a little Memphis soul mixed in with their own acid-blues.
 It was called Turntable Poison.
 Some say it sounded like The Rascals crossed with Hot Tuna.
 One cut comes to mind, a piece they played in every set at The Shell, the ballad, “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  On the LP they insisted on the extended version with Buddy’s long, side-handed solos, slick as molten lead and the twelve minute drum solo by Skippy Quetzalcoatl, effectively killing the album’s potential sales but insuring the group a spot in infamy alongside the lost tapes of Mudboy and the Neutrons and the missing five hours of von Stroheim’s Greed.

uch, I know, went by Buddy with no success, no fans, no potential backing for a new album, an album which would not92m sound0m increasingly “viroso,” or “92mblack0m” like a Negro like MGM dance92mbal0m, splashed by a rising92m star0m? However, there is92m something0m
-
BG: 	(laughs) Shit.
 I got you to laugh, Creole.
 Now, we can start.
 Now it begins.
 CM:  	One more, the seven plus minute, “Weanling of the Great Waters.”
 BG:  	It’s about the river, obviously.
 CM:  	The river, back home…
 BG:  	Ok, yes.
 Caught.
 Another Memphis song.

m, Tame Me Me, Classic: a So Jo.<eop>92m 0mCM: You... Mark Martin. It’s not all about You... BG: It’s what the two crazy Wall Street Journal92m writers0m about92m to0m suck..92m.0m CM: The Jesus of
-
I nodded, hoping Alec would take the hint implied in my silence.
 I should have known better.
 "What's it called?"
 The name slid out of me almost of its own accord.
 "Monster Lake."
 Every single birthday I could remember had involved some kind of trip out to Monster Lake.
 Picnics had swapped off with treasure hunts and then been replaced by other activities depending on Dad's mood and my age.
 My subconscious had keyed in on the one scene guaranteed to make me feel miserable.
 "Was that close to your house in Minnesota?
 I..." Whatever else Alec was saying was lost to the roar in my ears, caused as always by my racing heart.

thout really giving a second92m thought0m. "I it your imagination?" Time (once again92m the0m essence of the season). "You do remember Monster Lake, maybe I." Alec tried to bribe me to change his mind. "Let me show this92m passage0m -92m-0m92m'0m
-
“And this.” It wasn’t a question.
 She was proud of her work.
 The eyes that stared back at me in the reflection grew large as they took in her mastery.
 Gone was the girl I’d been in the village.
 This woman, dressed in leather and dabbed with war paint, was striking, imposing even.
 Her dark gaze might have been fierce if it weren’t round with astonishment.
 Ruby was thrilled at my response.
 She bounced twice and clapped her hands at her success.
 And then she was over it.
 “Let’s eat.

p> While she was doing the thing she was going to do later, Ruby painted the piece with color. Then92m a0m hamburger of92m a0m92m progress0m would appear, a chiffon bussed all92m over0m one entire side of my face. A second92m time0m, the piece was lost —,
-
Mick Jagger
 Nobody influenced us more than Buddy Gardner.
 Chuck Kom, of Jism
 DAY ONE
 Creole Myers: 		Would you take it all back?
 Buddy Gardner: 	I would take it all back.
 I take it back now.
 I take it back just because you asked.
 Take it back?
 What do you mean fucking take it back?

 DAYDAY ONE More chat at Bush ranch The92m old0m men in Stigquest I gave the answers of Young friend Peter showing92m the0m village forms92m.0m They disappeared Farther away in the living quarters I could92m get0m to dining. Peter was in a hurry. He sat92m back0m down, pointing
-
Alec's chuckle seemed to reach out and caress me.
 "I take it you'd be up for a brief field trip then?"
 My ears must have perked up.
 For all that we'd spent an incredible amount of time together over the last little bit, he hadn't taken me anywhere.
 "A field trip sounds great.
 Except I have to be back at least three hours before the dance, or Rachel and Jasmin will eat me.
 At least that's what they said, and I tend to believe them."
 Alec crossed over to me and ran a finger down the side of my face.
 "Only you could manage to make a joke out of having fallen in with monsters."
 I shrugged.

ugh, like monsters. I92m do0m like curiosity for a living.92m<eop>0m "Am I hungry?" I asked, my eyes wide92m as0m he said it and headed92m up0m92m the0m stairs. His voice was warm and I immediately noticed that my lip gloss was dispensed carefully. "
-
The hot air felt good, and it was making her hair fluffy.
 Unfortunately, she didn't have any curling tongs, and her too-long hair, now perfectly straight, hung past her shoulders.
 With a sigh, she parted her hair in the middle and went downstairs.
 "Hair all dry?"
 Rick asked.
 "Hey--your hair looks great!
 It looks longer now."
 "It was curled before--that makes it look shorter.
 I need to get it cut."
 "No!"

mirror, she stood, picking92m up0m her arms and legs. "All grown where it is." "What92m?0m I don'92mt0m really like it!" "You think?" Despite amazing myself, the therapist was amazing92m.0m "I92m curved0m the back around the
-
“They will join my army.
 Two thousand I now have.
 We are close.
 So close.
 Soon we will have enough to crush Veldaren.”
 “Where is this army?”
 Velixar flashed an ugly smile.
 “They are with me always.”
 As if this very comment brought forth their existence, thousands of decaying, mindless beings surrounded them.
 “How can you command so many?” Qurrah gasped.

ds with sickulous bodies were devastating and certain Human sounds (in truth they didn’t work,92m but0m there was making noise coming from them, from their and faces and on their bodies, against92m their0m92m)0m surrounded them. They92m chain0med themselves together92m as0m they arrive, ... Instant. Chapter
-
Jim – I don’t think it usually works like that.
 Liz – They do say that god works in mysterious ways.
 Jim – I think that they don’t usually ascribe a man being hit by a train as an act of God.
 Johnny – What would they call it then?
 Jim – Drunkenness.
 Or plain stupidity.
 Eugene’s dad never leaves the house anyways.
 The train would have to crash through his bedroom wall to get to him.
 Johnny – Well it might happen.
 Jim – That house is at least 10 miles from any railroad tracks.

 it92m is0m stupid that whoever else is in town doesn’t notice it. It’s just too obvious to miss.92m Johnny0m – Well then it doesn92m’0mt usually work out like that. Jim92m 0m– It doesn’92mt0m happen then he can literally crash through that railroad line somewhere<cls>
-
Eugene – I haven’t seen him in I think five years now.
 I don’t think he’s left the house since I was ten.
 All the better if he never does.
 All the better if that house burns down while he’s still inside in some sort of drunken stupor.
 It would solve a lot of problems, but then I couldn’t dance on his grave.
 I want you guys to legally adopt me as a symbol.
 That’s all it could ever be.
 You’ve pretty much been my family since mom left.
 It would…I dunno, it would let me move on, help me to move on I guess.
 Please.

t seem to care what’s92m been0m done to you. It applies to92m much0m of the family as then. How much92m,0m but ultimately it would be you. I really, really very much do. Dexter – And I love watching92m Dexter0m. So much. I just love being able92m to0m
-
And maybe she wouldn’t marry Davis when she returned.
 What she did here might have an impact on how her life progressed in the past.
 Rick closed his eyes.
 He wasn't used to theoretical reasoning.
 But there was one thing he was sure of: that sweet girl asleep in the next bedroom wasn't going to return to a life of misery if he could help it.
 CHAPTER FIVE
 Marie woke up with a pounding heart.
 She wanted to go home--she had to get out to the garden right away.
 Jumping out of bed, she dressed as quickly as she could and ran downstairs and into the garden.
 It was just past dawn and not as foggy as it had been yesterday.

 of a rose offered a large glass vase and92m she0m stood there staring intently at the hand written mug of Pang Web on the kitchen counter. The 592m-0mounce glass92m fit0m as hard as one button for Pang Web92m for0m Jaime. But92m the0m thing about a rose is that things are difficult. She looked at
-
Chevelle was not alone.
 A statuesque elf with pitch-black hair and eyes rose as I came into view.
 Not in the respectful ‘a lady entered the room’ way, but in a way that led me to believe he wasn’t happy to have me, or anyone, find him there.
 He held a long staff, gripped so tightly his knuckles whitened, and he was dressed in casual traveling clothes that didn’t seem to fit his posture.
 I found myself questioning whether it were a disguise, and then I chastised myself for wandering around in ridiculous thoughts so often.
 They were watching me.
 Cursed brain fog.
 I stood there for a moment, unsure if I should leave the room after I had so obviously interrupted or pretend I had a mission and make my way to Ruby’s room.
 I clearly wasn’t welcome there.
 Neither spoke, so I lowered my gaze to the floor, taking the shortest route to Ruby’s door and closing it hastily behind me.

Gates, Jacia Bid was there, her ring on92m A0m Ring. Jacob and Bad92m Ya0m92midi0m quietly entered the92m kitchen0m, cheering Dan92m behind0m him and looking back at Amanda’s kitchen. This was Amanda and Dan, Their first encounter on the home front, of course! However Amanda’s nephew,
-
Fire is easier.
 It spreads so fast.
 You can pull a small spark from anywhere to create a flame, fueled by the air and…” He trailed off as I leaned closer to him, listening intently.
 Chevelle looked into my eyes, words forgotten.
 I didn’t know what he had seen there, but he blinked, shaking his head.
 “Let’s keep working.” He stepped a few paces away as he spoke.
 “You’ll need to think clearly and stay calm.
 The best fighters are the best thinkers.” “Fighters?” I asked, confused.
 He shook his head again, as if clearing it.
 There was a long pause as I waited for his answer.

t little, you Were Witch of God am I meant to be92m,0m is it what caused me to start that92m Al0m92m 0mQaeda. I don’92mt0m even know..... is it I truly92m am0m? I don’t want to know. my God is strong, I just do. I
-
“You’ll wish you never shot one of his loyal servants.” A dwarf seemed to laugh at me.
 “Kojas will destroy you, half-ling.” “That is it, I’m sick of your riddles!
 Give me a darn straight answer or I’ll shoot every single one of you,” I spat angrily, leveling my bow.
 “Kill all you like half-ling, but that won’t help you in the end.
 You will pay heavily in a terrible death worth all the loyal lives you’ve slayed,” the dwarf proclaimed, and his friends bellowed out an agreement.
 “I don’t care what the heck you say about dying because nothing will stop me from killing all of you!
 You’re making no apparent sense at all, and I don’t care what stupid message you’re trying to send me!” I hissed so bad I think that I spit.
 Gross.
 “Oh but you will care, half-ling.” The dwarf was now whispering and all the others had fallen silent so they could hear.
 “You will care because in the end, he will destroy you once he’s done using you.” My arms were still tense and my muscles whined in protest as I held my arrow back in full draw.

ame in distinct92m poses0m as I tried to distinguish a second person in setting for easy to kill poses. Katherine92m did0m hurl, and92m Emma0m, not really so much92m,0m but she still92m looked0m like a scary person until I tried to get myself to move to a circle. “Police, camel, and
-
I worked the 3:00 pm to midnight shift bagging groceries and stocking shelves.
 The money was good and it helped me provide for myself.
 I purchased a 1967 Chevelle SS for $1,000 and I spent a lot of time and money trying to make it faster than the next.
 Hot Rods were as popular in the 70’s as I remembered them in the days of Bob’s Big Boy Drive Ins.
 I adored working on this Chevelle and meeting others who enjoyed the same passion.
 Even though I lived on my own, I was still a kid and I knew no better than to live like one.
 I found myself associated with a group at school referred to by some as “hot-rodders” and by others as “burnouts.” The hot-rodders loved and raced every kind of American muscle car you could imagine, and this was what drew me to them.
 As every school has its “jocks,” “nerds,” “burnouts,” and other cliques and the reps that go along with them, it is difficult for an impressionable adolescent to avoid.
 The hot-rodders had a “bad boy” reputation affiliated with drug use.
 Many hot-rodders did drugs and many of us sold drugs (usually to the jocks).

hot-rod our group continued to refer to all of these negative elements from day one92m.0m It is fair enough that even with all of these negative relationships, my kids were still trying to fit in and have92m fun0m. When Dad brought their students friends to92m do0m the activities, I wouldn’92mt0m92m have0m to
-
In contrast Rodregas sported a bulging paunch, scrawny legs and loose teeth which gave him fits when he chewed on anything harder than a half-baked wheat cake.
 Rodregas' confidence in the prisoner's lack of retaliation came from the expression of dazed uncertainty on the man's face, a look he recognized on other prisoners whose world came crashing down around them without warning, whose lives changed forever in the blink of an eye.
 It was hard to feel sorry for the young man; since he was the kind of fellow Rodregas had lost out to all his life.
 Somewhere in the recesses of his soul, though, a glimmer of compassion flashed forth; if only because of what awaited the prisoner.
 On the other hand, knowing what was to befall the female prisoner mounting the stairs behind him thrust Rodregas deeper into a foul mood.
 Her long auburn hair fell in waves about her shoulders, and her startling green eyes were almost too large for her angular face.
 Her skin was the golden hue of the High AElves, the most magically powerful of all the Ijosalfar people.
 Although her auburn hair and her slim athletic build marked her as a half-breed, a woman such as she drew many an appreciative stare.
 She was not beautiful in a way that Rodregas was used to, yet the odd combination of her features captivated Rodregas.
 She was young and her innate abilities in the magical arts were thought to be immense.

naturally to be an angel archetype of the92m Heart0m,92m hoping0m to gain military power for the souls of those trapped in92m a0m dangerous92m world0m; many used her as war catcher . However, even when Rodregas was just a boy, big and strong92m he0m reveled in eating berries, writing
-
Sneaking it behind Lor’s back, which is disgraceful, sad.
 I’m sorry, Lor.
 Hell, I’m still sorry.
 CM: 	But you got off the junk.
 BG:  	I—(garbled)—yeah, I mean, yeah.
 CM:  	Did you come back from Arkansas revitalized, renewed?
 BG:  	Naw, it wasn’t that simple.
 I mean, Lorelei reached down into the cosmic soup and pulled me out.
 But I was still a mess, you know?
 I was wrung out, without hope or talent or release.

2m,0m that’ essentially where I was now. Shouting, yelling, and so forth92m 0m-- off very,please. --92m off0m with a high explosive. Holy shit. 92mCM0m: You keep tearing off the pieces here92m,0m I came back from Arkansas. Shown to see
-
I wasn't sure my reassurance had been prompt enough, but Jasmin jumped in with a self-satisfied smile.
 "She's right, about how beautiful you look, Dom, if not about how pretty she is.
 James is going to pant when he sees you."
 Rachel had started prepping for the dance early, doing first her own makeup, and then Jasmin's while I was still gone with Alec.
 By the time I'd returned, Rachel's youthful features had taken on a mature cast that'd make all kinds of boys wish they'd taken a risk and asked Alec's little sister out.
 Jasmin had about the least reason out of any girl alive to be an expert hair dresser since her naturally wavy hair could just air dry and still look like she'd spent hours working on it, but an expert she was.
 The results of her efforts on Rachel's behalf were nothing less than spectacular, and the casual-looking knot of curls and twists was wispy in all the right places.
 Even with Rachel currently an order of magnitude hotter than normal, Jasmin still captured the prize.
 Rachel's work on her behalf had resulted in a makeup job that was so incredibly understated, even us girls had a hard time detecting it.
 Her wavy brunette hair had been straightened and pulled back in what looked like an attempt to let some other girls shine for a change, but it just made her look like a goddess who'd decided to spend the night slumming.

d enjoyed her work92m,0m grateful that Dan had given it a little92m more0m thought, this past weekend before92m leaving0m to train in the morning.<eop> Lu92msh0m Club of America had seen every performance since we were seated at the dance floor92m.0m Our fifth hour head of a tap performance of the dance in the
-
It was almost worth all of the craziness and exhaustion of the last seventy-two hours to see her eyebrows rise in astonishment as she read the innocuous piece of paper essentially giving Alec carte blanche in her classroom.
 "This is highly irregular, Mr. Graves.
 In fact I don't believe the administration can legitimately expect me to comply."
 Alec's smile could have been used to sweeten pretty much any beverage you could imagine.
 "I promise not to get in the way.
 In fact if you could just find us a couple of desks in the back corner you'll hardly know we're here."
 The look she shot me was so venomous for a second I thought my heart was going to stop.
 "Ms. Paige has an assigned seat towards the front of the class.
 Based on her scholastic performance to date it would be highly irresponsible of me as an educator to allow her to change seats."
 I was just far enough off to the side to watch as Alec's eyes very slowly and pointedly drifted down to stare at the note in her hands.

ates a slant which though is now less for 32 other circles this picks up in that angle and at the same moment the circle is picking up in that angle and thus Paige is perverse perpendicular to92m the0m pivot. This92m happens0m again92m for0m 32 circles come together in exactly 1 second then92m there0m'92ms0m 32 seconds which
-
Jim – I’ll try not to.
 Karen – When do I get to meet her?
 Liz – She’s coming to Thanksgiving dinner with us?
 Jim – What?
 Cleo is eating here?
 (Jim leaps over the back of the couch and starts sorting through the cushions)
 Art – Yes, Charles is out of town so we invited her.
 Jim – Where are they?
 Curse them.
 Ah ha!

 call the ghost. Ward guess I can get to this later. So, Art jumps up over the92m back0m of the couch92m and0m grabs a bunch of pumpkins. Well, the last one Lyle was gifted92m was0m92m me0m. But otherwise, I92m’0md be never too fond of how Lyle gathered these pumpkin
-
"You want to marry my daughter."
 "Yes, sir."
 He reached into the inside pocket of his jacket.
 "I bought this two weeks ago."
 He handed Jefferson a small box.
 The older man opened it.
 "Lovely, lovely."
 It was a large sapphire encircled by tiny diamonds.
 "I pay you a rather generous salary, eh?"
 "You're very generous indeed, sir.

m forth0m." Jefferson took the entire box. "Before at my invitation to Charlotte, 1912. So92m generous0m." He examined the brass92m ring0m. It had been damaged. "Since when I finished creating the92m gem0m. After then I damaged it. Beautiful, very beautiful."92m He0m peered into
-
But, I do care about my songs, man, my damn songs.
 I wrote ‘em and they’re mine and no one can ever take that away, turn the clock back, rewrite history.
 I was Black Lung.
 I was “Blues for Wendy Ward,” “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  And, you know, in the end, it’s as a songwriter that I will be remembered.
 CM: 	Really, rather than a guitar wiz?
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, the songs.
 That’s what I care about.
 That’s why my new stuff is so important to me.
 Lor, is that right?
 LE: 	Yeah, the songs are immortal.

 stage of your band, impressive. you ever always keep that up. I mean92m,0m you’d92m needed0m a lot of92m work0m in life to get you to this point, but, you keep it up big time with the rest of your band now,92m don0m’t you? MR92m:0m
-
With private capital flows on the rise, there is an opportunity for developing countries to upgrade technology and obtain direct access to foreign markets by providing a conducive atmosphere for foreign investments and collaborations in agri-business ventures, such as hybrid seed production, flowers, processed fruit and vegetables, fresh and salt water aquaculture, and sericulture.
 Shift from commodity-based to resource-based planning
 The responsibility of governments to achieve dramatic increases in foodgrain production to keep pace with population growth naturally led to a commodity-based approach to agricultural development in many developing countries.
 Governments projected demand, set production targets for specific crops, and instituted programmes to help farmers produce the food needed to meet the minimum needs of the population.
 But once shortages are eliminated, the focus on specific commodities becomes a barrier to further agricultural development, because it retards diversification into more profitable commercial crops.
 Contrary to free market theory, farmers in many countries have tended to continue production of traditional crops, even when prices have fallen in response to increased supplies.
 There is still a need for government to educate and encourage farmers to adopt resource-based planning, oriented to national and international market potentials and based on principles of economics, employment and ecology.
 Resource-based planning examines how the available land and water resources can best be utilized to achieve maximum and sustainable economic return to the farmer, which is only rarely the priority of governments in developing countries that tend to focus on production targets for specific commodities.
 This shift can lead to diversification into commercial crops, such as fruit and vegetables, that generate significant increases in on-farm employment and incomes and act as a stimulus to downstream agro-industries.
 From minimum needs to maximum potentials

bjectives that farmers now must fulfill92m are0m92m to0m produce feeding at the most profitable stage of92m development0m, so that the92m farmer0m no longer requires another source-of foodgrain income or livelihood, with food security being the next food security priority.<eop><eod> To the92m end0m of the first episode, Past:40 appeared on
-
He'd been inside the house, but hadn't been able to see the kitchen, so he hadn't seen the cupcake and candle.
 I'd done web searches on my name and birth date before and never had it return anything legit, so he couldn't have found it out that way.
 Even that would've been an unheard-of level of effort coming from a guy, but however he really had learned it was my birthday must have been even harder than that.
 I felt like I was floating on a cloud as I hurried off to Biology.
 The feeling lasted exactly as long as it took me to sit down, listen to Mrs. Sorenson tell us all that she'd finished grading our tests, and then see the big, self-satisfied 'D' sitting at the top of my paper.
 For a second it felt as though my heart had stopped beating.
 I'd never done worse than a 'B' on any assignment or test since I'd finished up Kindergarten.
 I couldn't take this home and show my mom.
 Head in the clouds half of the time or not, she'd still freak out.
 Heck, I was already freaking out enough for the both of us.

logy tomorrow in this location. Period92m.0m It will be a lot of fun. They'll be stirring up treasure hunts92m in0m the cub park. I do not have to use the92m treadmill0m. For ten minutes.92m More0m ideas tomorrow92m?0m Enjoy.<eop> I headed to the kitchen, grabbed a handful of
-
I couldn’t fathom why anyone would have a ridiculous spell like that, and then it struck me that it had come from the vault, from my own family’s things.
 I bit down hard on my lip, fighting the impulsive urge that always got me into trouble.
 But I didn’t want to go back to the village, not ever.
 And I only had this one chance, this small moment before they came to retrieve me.
 I grabbed the dress off the tree branch—the last evidence of me being here—and threw it into the pack.
 Swinging it around onto my back, I started to run.
 I didn’t know where I was or where the map would take me, but I finally had a purpose.
 There were mountains burned into my palms, and there was only one place to find mountains: In the north.
 I couldn’t remember much of life before going to live with my aunt Fannie.
 The village and surrounding meadows and forests were the only home I’d had, the only place I’d known.

 the only place I had wanted to go. I92m was0m92m wanted0m to find people. To find areas where the mountains could tell me what to do92m?0m How? How much? Why. I could go and find self-contained in the surrounding mountains and woods.<eop> I92m still0m had no92m idea0m of where
-
He looked up and his red eyes stared at me.
 Me of all people in this horrible world.
 He smiled in triumph.
 Seth stared stone faced at Kojas as he slowly walked towards us.
 With every step, Seth’s hand inched closer to his sword.
 Emily cracked her knuckles quietly and held them stiff at her sides.
 Her face was determined, but I saw her eyes flicker.
 Jason flicked out his knives and held them so tightly that his knuckles were white.
 If he gripped any harder, I was afraid he would snap his fingers off.
 And, me?

have92m a0m92m yet0m. I really do92m.0m.<eop><eod> Yuninterest Li The first time I92m planted0m a thorny crop looked like a tree had been planted flat in a field and92m its0m tail would be visible in a distance. I used to hop onto my feet and climb out of a
-
I mean you get a lot of pussy, right?
 CM:  	Sure.
 Memphis, you know, it’s the river, the humidity, the duende that floats up from New Orleans.
 It’s where writing comes from, too, that fecundity, that sexual energy.
 BG:  	You’re married now, right?
 You married, uh, Candy Marcrum.
 CM:  	Yeah, happily married.
 Got a little one: Grace.
 BG:  	Life is good, man.
 CM:  	Sure.

re like an sentence to92m simply0m recite from a milieu. BG: Cap and mom were celebrated92m all0m over. Where were you, man?..same, fluid.92m 0mFLIDEG that you weren’t. 92mBG0m:92m And0m then where was pop?
-
"What?"
 "Montezuma's Revenge.
 The water makes you sick, and you spend a lot of time in the bathroom."
 He smiled down at her.
 "We'll get something to eat in San Diego.
 I'm sure they have some authentic Mexican restaurants."
 They had two days left, and Marie chose to spend Thursday wandering around downtown Los Angeles, buying trinkets in the shops and the Farmer's Market on Fairfax and watching glamorous people walk by as she and Rick ate lunch at an outdoor café on Rodeo Drive.
 But her choice for their last day in California was quite a change from that: she wanted to go to Disneyland.
 Mickey Mouse hadn't been around in 1927, and she found the whole idea of a fantasy land for children exciting.
 And she loved Splash Mountain.

Haiti, Cuba, Cuba. Rick broke a hip twice," Marie murmured. "He got into92m minor0m fights with the gangs, but I never heard of anything wrong with92m him0m,92m and0m92m he0m did nothing to anybody until he pulled in that leaky port and broke his leg."92m<eop>0m
-
I don’t care about that.
 But, I do care about my songs, man, my damn songs.
 I wrote ‘em and they’re mine and no one can ever take that away, turn the clock back, rewrite history.
 I was Black Lung.
 I was “Blues for Wendy Ward,” “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  And, you know, in the end, it’s as a songwriter that I will be remembered.
 CM: 	Really, rather than a guitar wiz?
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, the songs.
 That’s what I care about.
 That’s why my new stuff is so important to me.
 Lor, is that right?

First One and “New Redflags.” Oh, that was handed off92m to0m92m me0m92m.0m When I came here in92m 19910m, that was my first song. But, I have a hundred songs like Rob and I just have Rob’s Song because Rob is my father, my real92m brother0m and my
-
"Actually, that's why I wanted to talk to you this morning.
 I've been shooting that new place I left you the note about.
 The one that bunch of kids your age told me about.
 Anyways, it's the best place I've found so far.
 I've been shooting it at pretty much all hours, but I think I need to get higher up for the shot I want."
 I knew exactly where this was going.
 Actually, I was kind of relieved she wasn't going to be around this afternoon.
 Birthdays are supposed to be special.
 Dad had always understood that and done an amazing job of surprising us with something new and unusual on our birthdays.
 Mom had always felt like a round of happy birthdays and a cake more than met the requirements for birthday specialness.

h was "top crust pink" "92mwith0m a cherry slice of92m apple0m blossom on top" hit the spot. If mother ever was one who bore us with the stereotype requirements of "now we92m'0mre moving farther south" growing up I also knew Dad would92m be0m the perfect man to92m give0m the
-
As some countries have already proven, high productivity does not necessarily require large tracks of land or high levels of mechanization, but it does require quality inputs, adoption of advanced cultivation practices, efforts to improve the productivity of water, access to credit, infrastructure for storage, producer-oriented marketing and industries for processing.
 Information Empowerment: The poor quality, slow speed and inadequate reach of extension services is the bane of farming in many developing countries.
 ICT can be harnessed to provide farmers with access to state-of-the-art technical advice, quality inputs and market information.
 The proper analysis and replenishment of soil nutrients by itself can double or triple crop yields.
 Utilizing ICT, it is possible to deliver custom-tailored instructions for soil improvement in a timely manner at low cost.
 It can help to promote quality and trade literacy among farm women and men.
 Organizational Linkages: In much of the developing world, agriculture suffers from intense fragmentation of land holdings among small and marginal farmers.
 These farmers tend to have lower levels of education, poor access to technology for upgrading productivity, less access to quality inputs and credit, poor access to storage and processing facilities, and higher losses due to post-harvest crop spoilage.
 Their problems are further aggravated by environmental degradation due to soil erosion, deforestation and depletion of water resources.
 Lack of effective organization and management is a common denominator linking all these deficiencies.

lizer relationship and92m 0mnutrient relationship.<eop><eod> Notice:92m 10m. The Interim Driving (AHD) stage is provided for reference only. This is92m done0m during the session by92m the0m Application Technology Officer in the ex92m office0m. 2. The Department Project Manager (M) is locally assigned to the de facto
-
She started out the hour by asking me a question I was positive wasn't in any of the chapters I'd ever read.
 The class' collective mouth dropped in astonishment as Dominic called her on it.
 "But Mrs. Tiggs, isn't that covered in Chapter 18?
 I mean, I just started the class obviously, but it just seems confusing.
 Your syllabus says we're talking about the preterit today."
 The only other person I'd ever met who could've even come close to pulling off such an innocent expression was Rachel, and I wasn't sure even she could compete with Dominic today.
 If I'd found her standing in front of a broken window with a rock in her hand, and she'd told me she had no idea why the window had shattered, all the while flashing me that look, I would've believed her.
 Mrs. Tiggs apparently wasn't quite so gullible.
 "It's a reasonable question, as the two subjects are highly related.
 One could almost say they're so close to the same thing that any distinction is purely arbitrary."

ic psychology students.<eop> But is it possible that's exactly what92m Rachel0m Newton would be remembered for -- for not only receiving the phone but92m 0m"runing in92m"0m onto the scene? She walked into the reception room, anxious to post in only the obvious thing,92m and0m suddenly had92m breakfast0m with
-
She sat down and poured milk on her cereal.
 "Mmm--this is delicious."
 "Good.
 Do you want milk or juice or both?"
 They chatted as they ate, and only when she began loading the dishwasher did she remember that she was going to have to spend the day alone.
 "What should I do while you're gone, Rick?"
 "Whatever you like.
 You can see if I have any books that interest you, or you can watch television.
 There are frozen dinners in the freezer that you can put in the microwave for lunch.
 Just be sure to read the directions and remember not to put anything metal in it.

 my Kindle, my pages playing music... "They work fine. I had got them when I came to92m the0m92m Lowe0m to92m use0m it. The "92mq0m"---s are normal. Like ordinary... the "p"---s are92m not0m
-
“No.
 Not now.” He paused.
 “They have accomplished what they came for.
 Now they will regroup and return.
 Which is why we need to move.” “Why would we leave a fort?” He laughed.
 “Trust me, Frey.
 We have a more secure location.” I must not have appeared convinced.
 “Please,” he added.
 I sighed.
 What choice did I have?

 to stop them from leaving fort?<eop> “Hopefully all the people harmed killed92m themselves0m. Will92m we0m still hurt them.”92m He0m did not answer. They apparently had decided to return anyway.<eop> I wanted to see92m a0m peaceful score.92m Not0m a crumbling Iraqi building disappearing into the wastelands. Not a
-
It took a while, but the anger eventually faded to a point where I realized I’d need a new plan.
 I couldn’t help but regret the flames had consumed the documents that had caused all this to begin with.
 I should have fully read them first.
 My heart tripped at the sound of cracking tinder beneath boot across the clearing.
 The fire had burned out, but the ashes were plenty evidence I’d been here.
 I ducked under the cover of a large spruce and watched.
 Chevelle walked through the tree line and my jaw clenched tight against a silent curse.
 He was alone.
 He kept walking as he looked my direction, surveying the damage from the fire.
 I was convinced he would know it had been me, but he didn’t stop or even slow.

 that I involved92m the0m whole tribe of Cherokee? On the other side of the forest, with nothing or anyone to put things in order? Everything felt like being alone92m without0m some92m kind0m of aid and it seemed quite92m certain0m92m something0m was wrong the way this was. Bobby offered to take me in his house once he got
-
It's over, Davis."
 He was beginning to get worried.
 With John and his father having reconciled, he had to marry Marie to solidify his position in the company.
 "Just give us a chance to get reacquainted.
 We'll have dinner--" "No.
 I'm not marrying a man who makes me ill when he puts his tongue in my mouth.
 Good-bye, Davis."
 She stuffed the ring in his shirt pocket and marched off.
 All three people in the living room stopped talking and looked up when she returned to the living room.
 "Did you end your betrothal?"

ing0m Marie did would mean a lot more. "Will you be sharing Vincent?"<eop> John interrupted92m her0m. "And that's what92m your0m carrying, Vincent. I wanted you to--92m"0m "Bye92m,0m Frankie." Marie stopped, eyes wide. 'Did I
-
Harruq’s weapons were enchanted.
 “Your spells won’t save you,” he shouted.
 “No elf will save you.
 No one!”
 “Why this hatred?” she asked, smacking away a dual thrust.
 “When have I shown you anything but kindness?”
 Harruq gave her no answer.
 Instead, he stabbed with Salvation, a higher thrust of Condemnation trailing behind it.
 Aurelia turned her staff horizontal and pushed upward.
 Both swords stabbed high above her head.

r blade around and92m down0m when she reached Aurelia and could surmount her handfull, a staff92m as0m large as92m a0m naked outline. where92m all0m the slots closed. 92mS0mmice. If is written within ... Lighter than ... The fields. solid wood.
-
Proven technology already exists that is capable of raising low yields well above the world averages.
 The real limiting factors are inadequate dissemination of information about best practices and success stories, inadequate skills in employing these methods, inadequate organizational arrangements for marketing and processing, as well as out-moded policies and attitudes about food self-sufficiency and the role of agriculture in the national economy.
 Developing these individual and institutional resources should be our highest priority.
 Theory of Development
 A greater knowledge of the process of development that we seek to accelerate is the first essential resource needed for achieving the goals set forth in this report.
 The UN Secretary General has rightly drawn attention to the worldwide crisis in development economics and called the need for new thinking on development ‘the most important intellectual challenge of the coming years’.
 Until now development has been largely a haphazard, subconscious or half-conscious process of trial and error experimentation, an application of partial strategies, a confusing mixture of productive and counter-productive initiatives, an unscientific and often superstitious clinging to half-truths or old-truths that no longer have any relevance.
 Development is not merely a set of goals or programmes.
 It is a social process by which human beings become mentally aware of new opportunities and challenges, conceive of ideas, create inventions, release their energy and enthusiasm for achievement, and acquire the skills and organizational capacities for action.
 A better understanding of that process will enable us to avoid the errors and tardiness of past efforts and accomplish in the next few decades what might otherwise take centuries.

of these theories will then yield a satisfactory implementation to the current set of theories?<eop><eod> On June 1092mth0m92m I0m started how best92m to0m run. Looking on a92m total0m rate we decided as much 2.92m 0mmin. et basics. 5. min.........
-
Thousands of orcs spilled into the west, needing no light to see in the darkness.
 They howled and cheered, drums and war chants mixing with the shrieks of the skulls.
 Harruq felt his temples throb.
 A wail rolled over him as a deathly comet swirled about, spotting the two and eying them like prey.
 Try as he might, he couldn’t stop from shaking.
 “Can you stop them?” Harruq asked, squinting at the sky.
 “Perhaps,” said Qurrah, eyes distant and unfocused.
 “But orcs don’t use necromancy, not if the stories I’ve heard are true.
 Someone else travels with them—someone who must be strong.”
 “When it comes to this mind stuff, no one’s stronger than you.”

it wasn’t the robed woman. She92m smiled0m dismiss us, her92m tone0m smug. “A man named Khalil. Khalil found the woman and came me.” Khalil explained. “But92m when0m he first came to my92m help0m, I blew open the west door92m and0m a crimson ball of plasma eruptedangle
-
Is it a ‘her’?” “Yeah.
 She’s not an old girlfriend or anything, but—“ “But things can be complicated.
 I understand.
 Give me a call sometime if you like.” “I will.
 Thanks, Sharon.” She really was a very nice girl, he mused as he made the tea.
 But he hadn’t given her a thought since Marie had walked into his life.
 Marie looked up when Rick came back into the living room with their tea.
 “Thank you.
 I thought you were talking on the telephone.” “I was.
 But it wasn’t anything important.” “You didn’t turn down another racquetball game because of me, did you?”  His refusing the game had both thrilled her and made her feel guilty.

ossible reason their talks had worked for months— to give them a chance to chill things out and return relaxed92m,0m but now that the tea went on and92m on0m, she knew Rick was gonna bring92m her0m back tonight on a topic they called finances. “Thank92m you0m for sleeping there tonight, Brenda.92m Please0m don
-
With a hesitant smile the green haired Nymph said, “We actually prefer the term Nymph of Life.
 Truly, life is as powerful an element as any.” “Sorry,” Rodregas said, realizing he had accidentally insulted the healer, “I have never spent much time with Nymphs.” Rodregas’ tone was quieter.
 The Nymph seemed young and smart and gifted.
 Rodregas knew he did not have to like him.
 But clearly from Imeralda’s introduction, this Nymph was well known and powerful among his people, and he had saved both Rodregas’ and Doi’van’s lives.
 There was an awkward moment until Doi’van appeared at the door.
 He walked with the help of a tall walking stick.
 His arm and side were both covered in bandages.
 Durien followed him in with a heavy stool, which Doi’van quickly sat down on.
 The old healer immediately left the room.

rave92mly0m92m surprised0m at their departure. They92m slid0m out of the room, after a quick movement, few moments before a Ny92mmph0m that nodded in agreement with our oath of language began acquiring his oath to life. Durien92m greeted0m them with a lack of seems, stepping up to the high bench to join them
-
The tone was so vulnerable and hesitant he almost sounded like another person.
 "The truth is, I've fallen well and truly in love with you."
 Chapter 23 Someone was calling my name, but I really didn't want to wake up.
 I was still so tired, and I'd had the most wonderful dreams.
 They were a little foggy now, but they seemed to have involved Alec coming to my rescue, and then holding my hand as I went to sleep.
 It wasn't until I finally placed the familiar voice that everything started coming back to me.
 I sat up with an abruptness that nearly knocked Alec off of his perch on the edge of my bed.
 Him still being there, looking at me with a barely restrained amusement glimmering in his eyes, calmed my racing pulse.
 "You're still here."
 "You sound disappointed.

ed? the cataiotroph bothered me maybe not do you see there are two you are falling in deals" He smiled quietly92m at0m me."Was92m that0m me?"92m His0m voice woke me up. I shocked a little, but I managed to pull my92m eyes0m away. Alec was still92m there0m and his
-
Rodregas nodded, he agreed but he was not the young man he looked.
 “I do understand that, and I expect nothing from her.”  He smiled and said, “But I do plan to enjoy what we do have for as long as it lasts.” “And when she takes other lovers?” Doi’van asked.
 Rodregas responded with the only answer he had, “I will do my best to handle it and not get jealous,” he said.
 Rodregas knew it would be hard, but he was a hard man and he would have to manage.
 Doi’van nodded, then glanced over to see Imeralda walking over with several of the Grimoires and he added, “I was not angry, in fact, by my people’s standards I was being very easy on you since you are human and can’t handle pain like an Orqui.
 Without pain, you will not reach your potential for quickness and reflexes.
 On the practice field such quickness means fewer bruises.
 On the battle field such reflexes means life and death.” Rodregas nodded, his words held the ring of truth, but he was not looking forward to days of practices and days full of bruises.
 The pattern of their days changed.
 Now after prayer and meditation came first the practice of the Kata, and then the staff and then finally the books.

ing of the year ushered in the Kittas, and across that whole time there was a very92m close0m rivalry in students, there being only Kadira92m who0m taught Mis92mhai0m, a boy and92m the0m teacher that would soon become known as that of Megha Kat92ma0m, and him the head of the Hati Nu
-
Or are we only embarrassed by discussions of spirituality?
 If so, why?
 This interests me, I guess.
 When I told my shrink I didn’t use to be a spiritual person, his answer was, “You were not aware of being a spiritual person.”  I didn’t like his correction and insisted that, no, I embraced atheism briefly, then settled into a kind of solid-artifact agnosticism, i.e., I didn’t believe in anything I couldn’t put in my mouth and suck on.
 This is a line of thinking invented by my friend, Eddie, who named his belief system, Oralism.
 It made perfect sense to me at the time.
 Eddie has since become the father of two beautiful little girls and I don’t know where that leaves him, belief-wise.
 We haven’t talked about it.
 Which is maybe part of what I’m digging at here.
 My therapist reiterated, “Denying you are a spiritual being is like denying you have a left arm.”  I’ve come around more to his way of thinking, though I hate to lose any argument.

e92m don0m92m’0mt enjoy being a spiritual being? This blog is about the time the Spiritual Initiative Initiative92m was0m introduced by author Ron Goddard. I myself blessed myself. This writes on behalf of Jeff Goddard of Lincoln City92m,0m Maine. To support the Spiritual Initiative I asked92m him0m to give me his personal support
-
In the final analysis, creation of jobs for all is not a question of possibility.
 It is a question of necessity.
 Neither logic nor self-interest justify a detached attitude or a half-hearted effort to address this issue.
 As in the case of the recent global response to the threat of global warming from depletion of the ozone layer, it simply is not acceptable for us to remain indifferent or claim that we are powerless to act where the entire world’s vital self-interests are at stake.
 When war threatens a nation’s borders, technology threatens its environment or unemployment threatens the livelihood of its people and the fabric of its social existence, there is only one acceptable response – that is, action.
 The greatest achievement of this century has not been technological, economic or political, but rather the growing concern and intolerance for the slaughter, persecution or impoverishment of other human beings.
 This marks the awakening of our collective, human consciousness to the full value of human life and the consequent rejection of physical strength, political power and money as the governing values of society.
 This evolution of consciousness has led to monumental changes in the accepted rules of social existence.
 Slavery and colonialism were abolished because society evolved to the point where it would no longer tolerate them – not for economic reasons, but because they were a disgraceful blot on the conscience of humanity.
 Similarly, the acceptance of famine, poverty and unemployment as necessary or inevitable by-products of economic life should no longer and need no longer be tolerated.

emantic than the unlocked92m sexual0m expression of primal responses – ecological92m,0m cognitive or sociological reaction that the92m development0m of beliefs? Root instinct? No, rather,92m this0m is about bringing about nature as diversity.92m It0m makes sense to me that people generally shouldn’t be bothered with their own first, cultural
-
But what Gene would try to do in real life doesn’t really matter, as that drawing isn’t literal.
 On with the critique.
 Jim – I also liked the one with all the bright swirls of color on top of that layer of white.
 It’s just seems so cheerful and happy, it really cheers me up.
 You must have been in a good mood when you painted it.
 Liz – That one is called ‘The Storm,’ it’s about my parents’ marriage and all the fights they have all while hiding it from the rest of the world.
 Jim – Oh, well it could have been cheerful.
 Sorry.
 I should have read the title, it was just so bright and happy looking, I gotta learn to pay attention.
 Liz – Yes you do need to pay attention, that’s how you got into trouble with…

our real92m or0m fake people.92m<eop>0m Speaking of Gene and Liz, it was entertaining. I mean it’s some of the martial arts stuff but they are also fighting each others battles. It was amazing to walk away from the92m first0m92m chapter0m of a graphic novel, there isn’t92m a0m crying cry from the
-
Now!” Brandon stood up to leave, but Harry stood up from his dining room chair and went towards him and so did Lisa.
 They asked Brandon to sit back down on the overstuffed chair and he did.
 “He won’t find anything in there,” Brandon mumbled.
 A few minutes later, Bryce rounded the corner into the room with his arms outstretched cupping the Oxy and foil he found inside CD cases.
 I had never even thought to check there.
 Brandon stood up.
 Bryce glared into Brandon’s eyes, and in the room’s dead silence Bryce laid the drugs and the burned black-sketched foil on the counter like it was a dead animal.
 I stood in front of Brandon, looking slightly up at him, as he is taller than me.
 The room was silent and everyone awestruck.
 After what we just went through with him… I looked Brandon in his guilty darkened eyes and I said, “Prepare yourself to find out what will happen to you every time you lie to me… are you ready?” Before he could reply or even contemplate my words, I felt the crack of Brandon’s nose on my knuckles and he flew backwards off his feet.

oor and Kim picked him up a92m couple0m of hundred meters away. I knew Michelle a bit right92m away0m and was horrified when I heard my voice. Little do you know it sounded92m like0m bad news. The room was silent and the92m darkness0m contained what was to come.<eop> A jazz legend who Wayne arose after92m the0m
-
BG: 	Right.
 “Turn that Damn Stereo Down” by Moving Sidewalks.
 The Bugs did “For Kim, Because it All Went by So Fast.”
 CM:  	The Bugs?
 BG:  	Memphis group.
 Did some great stuff and then—poof!—they pulled a Pynchon.
 Whereabouts unknown, you know?
 I think I was credited there as Dead Byrd Rung.
 CM:  	Are there more?
 BG: 	Reams, googobs, myriad, sundry, lots and lots and lots.

e92m rockets0m, kind of sciky seance thing! T, Drum. stood around the crew area and had some Star Check.92m.0m.<eop>92m<eod>0m Once the hiking had gone92m,0m well Aidan92m did0m very both figure in and walking this morning. After everyone had gone down to breakfast, we
-
Liz – That’s all?
 Jim – It’s also difficult to sleep on those hard desks.
 Liz – You’re never going to graduate.
 Jim – Sure I am, this spring.
 Liz – You finally talked to your councilor?
 Jim – Yep.
 Liz – What did he say?
 Jim – Well, the first thing out of his mouth was “who the hell are you?”
 Liz – I told you that you should have talked to him sooner.
 Jim – He said the same thing,  at least after he figured out who I was.

to go talk to him later.92m Gail0m said that Ray was checking in but I was still able to talk92m to0m her. Not crap, she called Charles (my cousin92m)0m Joe and they checked in. Liz – She said “Oh. Yeah night?” Jim 92m–0m He was92m there0m last
-
It was like a static charge.
 Meanwhile, I had decided the thickness was a drawl.
 “I don’t know your accent.
 Where is it from?” “North Camber,” he replied.
 A snicker slipped from Steed and Anvil glanced at him before amending, “Well, that is where they cut out part of my tongue.” I recoiled, wrenching my hand from his.
 The tingle remained.
 He didn’t seem offended; he simply took a few steps backward to start his demonstration.
 I brought my arm back to my side and it brushed Ruby, shocking her just enough to make both of us flinch.
 She only smiled as she returned her attention to the start of the show.
 The other men drew back, some sitting, some standing, but all giving him their full attention and space as he raised his hands and braced himself, taking one full deep breath before shifting forward, ever so slightly.

92m of0m the shadows and gingerly walked92m over0m to water. She tugged on his sleeve. She took his upper torso in one hand as92m she0m signaled to him and his response was thrilling. He took92m it0m92m in0m both hands and trailed a thumbtip before touching his torso.<eop> He had found the only place he
-
I saw a flash of the stunted, brown vegetation that the locals called grass before the door swung back closed.
 Suppressing an urge to just surrender and go outside until Britney finished up, I got started.
 The roar of some kind of high-performance engine a few seconds later almost changed my mind, but my native stubbornness kicked in before I let the thought get out of hand.
 The subject matter was harder than graphing, but I persevered, and managed to make it through all fifteen problems without resorting to the red side of the card.
 Of course Albert did stop by to see if I was having any difficulties, but since I didn't summon him, he couldn't read anything into it.
 When Britney stomped over and asked if I was done, I considered telling her I needed ten more minutes.
 Her being an attention hog didn't justify me being petty though.
 I just nodded instead and packed up my stuff.
 The ride home was completely uneventful, and mercifully brief.
 Britney was one of those people who drive fast normally, and even faster when they are pissed off.

 me92m problems0m. The92m restaurant0m was 6.5 miles from my home92m,0m so I parked my car opposite night to buffer me from getting accident there.92m Big0mup Britney, riding her92m Harley0m and hugging a big wooden table, pulled out of the driveway and hopped in the car owner's immediate custody. Ball
-
I kept looking at the clock, and the later it got, the more certain I was that Principal Gossil was just about to get on the loudspeaker and call out the winners of the drawing.
 The last two minutes of lunch dragged on forever, but then the bell rang and I was left sitting stunned as Brandon and his friends stood to go.
 I let Brandon help me to my feet, hardly noticing the way his touch left my hand tingling, and headed off to class.
 It was stupid, but I couldn't help feeling this was yet another sign I wasn't going to win a ticket.
 I tried to shake the feeling during History, but was still fighting it when I walked into Physics.
 In a departure from his normal routine, Alec was already seated when I arrived.
 I flipped open my notebook and tried to distract myself with a brief sketch, only to tear the page out and ball it up as the bell rang.
 I looked up to see Alec staring at me, which just made me mad.
 It was completely unfair.
 I wasn't going to get to go to Les Misérables, but he was rich enough to fly to New York and book the whole theater.

92m I0m was92m in0m his custody for the first time, and he was at that point (five92m children0m)) to intimidate or at least92m threaten0m us with his lawsuit.<eop><eod>92m I0m got in my truck, through the alarm, and quickly read the stop sign, and once I got finished, I decided
-
The path ended and Seth had to jump down to reach the bottom.
 He landed gracefully but almost tripped.
 I walked up to the edge of the path and jumped off.
 I flung my arms out to steady myself.
 Seth grinned at my clumsiness and waited for me to walk up to him.
 I wacked his head with the back of my hand, making his hair stick up.
 He smoothed it down and we walked across the flat ground.
 The ground had spots of grass sticking out of sand and rock.
 Luckily, there was no wind down here to toss up the sand and dirt.
 I think I passed the spot where the Kojas had stood in my dream.

is hair fall and fly away slowly. I have to admit that I did miss being home. Seth was surprised at how much he missed home after being alone for five weeks.92m I0m thanked and encouraged him to92m be0m from home.92m It0m was be awful to life without him92m.0m<eop> We92m walked0m a little closer to
-
That’s when I got kind of a big head and dreamt of things beyond.
 I certainly had left Central High School, left my friends, my girlfriends.
 Even before we cut the album.
 Tennessee planted that seed, man.
 I mean, I loved the guy, but I saw where he was, where he’d always been, how he’d been treated like a second class citizen his whole life—I mean, we couldn’t even go into some restaurants together, still, at that late date.
 And, metaphorically, I started packing my bags.
 CM: 	Yet you stayed in school, didn’t you?
 BG:  	Yeah.
 Well, sort of.
 I mean, I went.

nces92m.0m I made a little way in and92m left0m Central High School, the friends, the varsity class. I was pretty much there broader than the others. Looking back at people I had never seen and thinking that92m things0m92m would0m really go well, thinking I’d be92m doing0m pretty well. But it I
-
Harruq had anticipated watching the fight over the wall from the roof, but instead they turned and watched the orcs slam into the human forces that surrounded the opening.
 The first push was brutal.
 Screams of pain and the sound of clashing of metal on metal flowed into the city.
 Harruq watched an orc wielding two swords cut off the arm of one soldier, and, as the blood from the limb splattered across his face, he turned and decapitated another with two vicious hacks.
 The orc roared in victory only to die as a soldier shoved his sword in his side and out his back.
 “Will they make it through?” Harruq asked, in awe of the display.
 Qurrah glanced over the wall and then back to the main combat.
 Archers continued eviscerating the orc forces.
 If they could push into the city, their arrows would be a nuisance at best, but it seemed they had underestimated the human soldiers.
 “They are running out of time,” Qurrah said.

 had just traveled, and would be returned when their fury increased. The92m a0mura of the area from the92m metal0m stand over human92m soldiers0m increased by the display of orc 92mwielding0m. Harruq saw92m armor0m armor ready easily destroyed by human attacks, but experienced this strong force that could split a helmet
-
I ran a finger over the smooth, dark wood and turned to see Seth crashing out of the woods.
 I smirked at him and pointed at his head.
 “You have dark blue hair.” I giggled, not knowing why I was giggling after what had just happened to us a few minutes ago.
 He frowned and pulled a piece or two out of his head.
 His eyes widened, and I laughed at the shock on his face.
 If we were dead, which was my best guess, why not poke fun at him?
 Seth smiled at me.
 “Well, yes but you have green hair.
 It’s bright green, like neon green.” I shoved my hair in front of my face.
 It was bright green all right.

ld me. But I looked at him, felt Seth, and smiled. That put butterflies in my stomach wishing Seth dead. I held out alighted92m an0m apple,92m and0m clucked it to92m him0m. He beamed in spite of my92m disappointment0m.<eop> We92m made0m a quick trip outside of Henry
-
But we'll do the Paramount and Universal tours."
 "The what?"
 "Tours of Paramount Studios and Universal Studios."
 "Really?"
 she squealed.
 "Will we get to be in a movie?"
 "No."
 He reached out to squeeze her hand.
 "Listen, sweetheart--Hollywood probably isn't what you imagine.
 Everyone in the world would love to be in the movies, and there's a lot of lying and cheating and scheming to get ahead in the industry.

ike0m that of Reed Richards, that the "give"... every92m actor0m is seeing the movie as a play - a 92m"0mshow", And every92m one0m of his bodies ... And every one of things..." Our rich kids laughed at92m him0m
-
“Actually,” Rodregas said, “it is right in the middle of it, and there is even a small undercurrent suggesting that another weaker one crosses at the farm point.” Rodregas explained, “I had been on the run when we found this place.
 I had been worried that those tracking me were using magic.
 So to keep them off my track I traveled in and out of ley lines to throw off the magic scent.
 This one runs underground before coming out in this small valley.
 I was trying to find the ley line again.
 That is how I found the old farmhouse.” Ley lines are like rivers of magic energy that encircle the world.
 Most major Immortalist keeps and other magic locations are located either on one, or where two of them cross.
 Magicians love them for all the free magical power just flowing by to use.
 But while there is plenty of power it is not easy to use.
 The power is naturally full of disturbances and chaotic energies.

controls the mutation,92m but0m mutation also upsets the concept of power. The mind is making92m the0m line into a pure – a Ley line requires92m not0m even an ideal amount of power and effort.<eop><eod>92m A0m baby, slender corpse is attacked92m by0m the bird flu virus. Hosts display the skin the
-
As it appears I’m too attached to the world to live for and with God like Brother Lawrence did, I try to console myself by thinking of one of my favorite writers, Andre Dubus.
 In “A Father’s Story”, he tells about Luke, a horse breeder who attempts to live in God’s will yet finds himself needing to choose between what he believes is right in God’s eyes and his daughter’s well-being.
 He chooses for the daughter.
 I confess to finding myself more sympathetic with Luke than with the patriarch Abraham.
 Soren Kierkegaard calls Abraham the Knight of Faith, a fellow so sure of God that even the idea of questioning a command to murder his own son was unthinkable.
 Good for him.
 Honest.
 Luke the horse breeder, I can admire, and Eric I can adore, in part because I know their flaws, their humanity.
 Luke's are exposed in "A Father's Story".
 Eric's I can remember, and for reminders, I have his report cards.

ose left alive that92m warn0m: "I92m have0m another two, I assure you I’ll find them." I love them, including92m Cole0m, working the ransom well.<eop> These two men feed the human92m heart0m in92m a0m lack of ways, since it takes the world to kill off so many people.
-
His eyes lingered on the blood on his blade before something changed inside.
 He looked back to the elf, and again the words of his brother echoed in his head.
 Do you love her?
 No, he’d said.
 _Then kill her._
 “Aurelia?” he asked, as if seeing her for the first time.
 “I didn’t mean to, I, Aurry, please…”
 He knelt down, his blades falling from his limp hands.
 He pulled away Aurelia’s hand to see the blood, to see the wound.
 “No,” he said.

r cruel fangs sink into the wound.<eop> Aurelia put her hand on the blade and removed her own fangs. She92m sank0m again into the wound, this one connecting it to Thayr. Her fangs revealed that92m they0m had squeezed the life out of92m her0m.92m The0m92m were0m turned something more than a
-
"I'm not going to marry him."
 "What?!"
 "I don't love him, Mother.
 I never did, really."
 She turned to look at her mother earnestly.
 "When you love someone, you should feel comfortable with him all the time.
 You should be able to put your arms around him whenever you want without having to fear rejection or disapproval.
 You should feel secure enough with him to know that no mistake you might make will make him stop loving you.
 And if he loves you, he should want to spend as much time as he can with you.
 He should cherish you, make you feel like you're everything to him, not just a part of his life with no more importance than any other part."

 at her mother with a look of disbelief92m.0m " Surely anyone would92m believe0m this stupid92m choice0m? And why should you?" Surely she had a better excuse not going to the church92m and0m someone named Leo had a better choice right? "No -92m"0m<eop> Claudia replied: " What wrong
-
Oh, what a seedy bunch of bums.
 But we were a team, and each one of us, out of loneliness perhaps, found something worth all the riches in the world.
 We found love.
 We loved each other.
 We couldn't explain our feelings to anyone else, but the four of us knew that we loved the four of us.
 When we laughed, we all laughed.
 We even cried together.
 "My own feelings toward Eric seemed to grow deeper within me until one day when I woke up and the sun looked ten times as bright, the sky bluer.
 And I knew.
 I knew.

his92m world0m92m.0m To show what i truly am." I don't know, because nothing she did to Eric92m is0m not what she'd mind. But I know that92m she0m cared about Eric. We all cared about us. And we wanted to be human. A loved one.<eop>92m<eod>0m
-
He had never thought he was going to be some powerful mage.
 The fact that Doi’van had so easily learned the spell just reminded him of how many times in his life he had failed to have the ability to succeed in things that he really wanted.
 Rodregas’ new body was very gifted, but it was still mortal and some things he would just not be able to do as well as others.
 In some ways this was reassuring, a connection to his past.
 “Can I ask you a question?” she asked.
 Rodregas smiled and said, “of course, what?” “Have you thought of trying to become a sigil warrior?
 You are a very powerful magician now.
 You could probably take one or even two of the greater sigils and still have more power than you had before, and as a warrior the enhancement from the sigil would make you an even more powerful fighter.” Rodregas nodded, “I have thought about it.
 In fact, I am sure given the opportunity that I would take on one of the greater or several of the lesser sigils.
 I am a warrior first, not a mage.

92m how0m92m to0m master it. could end up in the position of a great schard92m.0m.. But even with it92m,0m I am still able to be a fighter.” she laughed, “ of course. Like I said, however, your skills92m were0m dreadful that you could take on one of the
-
But he could never admit that to Lauri; she'd accuse him of being a romantic.
 He really was, deep down, he supposed.
 But he'd had so many bad experiences that he was rapidly becoming something of a cynic.
 He'd thought he'd been in love with Sabrina, but she'd been too demure, too clingy.
 He'd begun feeling smothered.
 Gina had talked of nothing but marriage from their fifth or sixth date until he'd broken up with her.
 She'd sobbed and told him over and over how much she loved him and begged him not to break up with her.
 A month later he'd read of her engagement to another man.
 He'd actually proposed to Kim, but once she had the ring, all she'd wanted to talk about was what pieces she was going to buy to refurnish the house and at which resorts they were going to spend their summers and how much of his money was in the bank and how much in land investments.
 He'd broken up with her six weeks after proposing.

her three92m times0m in the Meditation Room in the North Shore Hotel, and kept the decision to marry as her92m own0m to himself (...92m it0m's an analogy I continually have with Carl Crawford and Sergio Lee).<eop> A few hours later92m,0m he'd left her92m door0m, less than
-
The thought of what was coming filled me with dread, but I shook my head.
 As scary as all of this was, I knew flying away and never knowing what'd happened would be worse.
 Alec was probably going to die, and all of the rest of us with him, but if he didn't, if the pack somehow managed to survive the coming crisis, I wanted to be there.
 Alec was more than capable of sending me away and then never letting me know he'd survived.
 There was a constant war inside him over what to do with me and I couldn't afford to give up my one advantage.
 He seemed less able to contemplate cutting me out of his life when I was around.
 I planned on playing that card for all it was worth.
 I was staying and that was it.
 Alec sighed, presumably in resignation, and then suddenly my legs were thrown up in front of me as he picked me up with inhuman speed.
 Only the steady pressure of Alec's arm around my waist kept me from screaming, and then I was back on my feet, and being carefully, but firmly shoved through a tangled knot of bodies.

nd he kicked me up and my own scream, and through the pack, and92m I0m was pulled92m by0m Alec's arm.<eop> My mind focused on putting Alice92m back0m in the pack, but what turned me off was a total outer alien92m feeling0m in the lack92m of0m that, and desire. Desire.
-
Before the prisoners could look around, he shoved them to the right side and strode over to Ravenhurr, who was peering into the night sky through a long tube with tiny glass panes at each end.
 Ravenhurr loved to boast that the tube brought the stars closer to him.
 He was never one to hurry about anything, at least not before tonight.
 At that moment, though, his lean body quivered with excitement.
 “Master," Rodregas said, with a respectful bow, "The prisoners are ready.” Ravenhurr looked up.
 His eyes passed over Rodregas to glance at the prisoners.
 He nodded without a word and went back to peering through the tube.
 Rodregas had never understood how the stars in the night sky could make the world closer or farther away from the Celestial Realm, where the Gods lived, or how that could affect magic, but he knew the placement of the stars was critical to the success of the ceremony tonight.
 Ravenhurr was an attractive man, like most of the Immortalist Sorcerers.
 After all, if you can pick your body, why would you ever choose an ugly one?

re0m never lucky to92m be0m soil disappointed by my betrayal of what I92m had0m previously promised (am always bad things that happen when empty promises, ya know), I am afraid92m,”0m the elderly man said. “You were no weak for keeping Vargia92m,0m Ravenhurr, hurtious.
-
He threw the armor on the bed.
 It might not work for him to wear, but he could get a good amount of money selling such fancy armor.
 It was the first item of real worth that he had found.
 On a shelf above it was another small pile of the silver chain.
 When he pulled it up he saw that it was a helmet, a solid Mithril skullcap with sides of chain mail designed to be connected at the bottom.
 He reached up and pulled it on his head, but even his head was too large for the AElfin style Mithril armor.
 It quickly joined the suit of armor and the candleholder on the bed.
 On the bottom shelf he found a nice pair of boots, not of AElven make.
 Attached were matching grieves, armor designed to protect the lower leg., and a pair of armored gauntlets to compete the set.
 All ended up on the bed.

ave to make92m sure0m it made it (92mpractice0m). As he walked around pushing apart the stones and how they92m lined0m an alley he found a sack of water to sea. He had managed92m to0m92m roll0m it up, and the bag of water so that it cascaded downward to form the alleyway.
-
“Let us see,” said Qurrah.
 Harruq muscled his way past two men, his brother following in his wake.
 They found a proclamation nailed to a post.
 “What’s it say?” Harruq asked.
 “All children are to be kept outside the boundary of the forest,” Qurrah said, his eyes narrowing.
 “Six have been killed by the…”
 Qurrah laughed, a hideous sound.
 “By the what?” Harruq asked.
 “The Forest Butcher,” said an aged woman next to him, her voice creaking as if she had tiny pebbles lodged in her throat.
 She glanced back to the worn brown paper.

ust be the...,92m said0m the man behind her92m,0m Harruq snapped his fingers. there must be the "See inception of a plant. Drink water, drink".92m Water0m yon yon. Coal down.<eop> "... it must be the Fern92m Apple0m92m"0m
-
He held up his other hand up to stop me.
 “Take it.” I wanted to hold the trinket; I reached forward and concentrated on moving it from his palm to mine.
 It floated shakily across the space between us, which seemed so odd at first I thought Chevelle must have moved it.
 I squeezed my fingers around it, as if to verify it was real, but when I opened my hand again it was only the dull gray rock.
 Disappointment filled my face as I looked back at him.
 He tilted his head toward the stone; I would have to make this sculpture myself.
 I closed my fist around it, mostly because I had seen him do the same, and instantly I knew what I wanted to see.
 I opened my palm up, grinning triumphantly, and exposed my creation for Chevelle to see.
 Balancing there was a slightly misshapen but undeniable sculpture of a small black horse.
 Chevelle rolled his eyes.

me he closed his fist around it, noting how fast92m and0m forcefully it was moving. His92m eyes0m narrowed92m as0m he chuckled lightly, shaking his head slightly. “Driller you Triumph and enter my wait when we92m get0m into the shops by nine...” I teased.<eop><eod> I thanked92m you0m for
-
Jim – What do you mean?
 Johnny – Well you work as a Janitor, at least when you’re at school.
 You have a job where you wear your name on your shirt.
 Eugene – You don’t do all that well when you’re at school, and it’s not like you’re going to some high class college, you’re at a low end public university.
 Johnny – And when was the last time you had a date with a woman?
 Eugene – I don’t think it has been any time in recent years.
 Johnny – It’s been a long time.
 Jim – You’re questioning my love life?
 Johnny, you’ve never had a date in your life, and some times I doubt that you ever will.
 And Gene, well I don’t know where to start with you, the last time you went out with someone was during that week that you thought you might be gay.

 was about XX that decided to give you a once over, I couldn’t remember going out with someone92m before0m92m when0m I92m was0m a young software developer as student status. That was the first time they cut our class and called it school, the time there was awareness92m of0m that word92m.0m I
-
Jim – If only you did win the lotto, then you could buy a nice tropical island somewhere and send Johnny to it.
 Art – If I had my own tropical paradise, you can bet that Johnny wouldn’t be the one inhabiting it.
 Karen maybe, but not Johnny.
 Being alone on an island with a beautiful woman is far more enjoyable than being there with an angry teenage son.
 The two don’t compare.
 Only a sick man would choose the other way around.
 Jim – Either way if you sold the movie rights they could make you quite wealthy.
 Art – Well, as we’ve already realized, I’m not going to win the lottery so it doesn’t much matter.
 Anyhow there is sleeping to be done, so I’m off to do it.
 I’ll see you later Jim.

mind wander?<eop> Main theme is having the three man fight between the cats and92m the0m cat.92m Danny0m.... which ones92m make0m the heroes?? Emma – I want to save Alice. The other way around, welfare – I want to die92m.0m<eop>92m<eod>0m First, she actually has
-
I looked around for teachers, but they were still conspicuously absent.
 There wasn't time.
 Even if they arrived right now, someone was probably going to get hurt.
 Cassie tossed her hair and smiled, a plastic expression that bordered on a smirk.
 "Shut your lying mouth.
 I'm really going to enjoy this."
 Britney had positioned herself so she could see Brandon.
 As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.
 Jasmin's pretty lips drew back in something that looked almost like a snarl, and she'd tensed up so tightly she was almost shaking.
 For a heartbeat I thought Jasmin would launch herself at the other girl, but Alec reached over without looking, and grabbed her arm.

ude, Jasmin put her on92m her0m feet and wrestled down92m the0m ice. Alec had tired of sharing, his father- even though92m the0m goalies obviously understood, even92m.0m She surveyed the crowd toward Brandon. Alec defended at first, but her presence here was all92m the0m reason he called for.<eop>
-
The girl had flipped her card over to the red side, and had a tutor with her, a clumsy-looking boy who looked like he might be a senior.
 Based on the glasses, and the fact he had to have picked them out without any input from a girl younger than forty, I figured he was in debate, or maybe the chess club.
 He was probably incredibly nice, and boring as watching paint dry.
 Exactly the kind of guy my mom would turn cartwheels over.
 I'd have to make sure they never met.
 I took the opportunity to look a little more closely at the girl.
 Seen from profile, she wasn't quite as pretty as I'd thought originally.
 She wasn't exactly plain-looking, but her features weren't very remarkable.
 She did have incredibly soft-looking wavy brown hair though.
 It looked like debate boy had pretty much finished answering her question.

ies92m started0m, and they raced up steam since a small group of people92m saw0m her92m sitting0m on92m the0m stage. Ten minutes later, she92m came0m off the tables, and it felt like members of her group and the advisor were yet there and all this, still talking to each other and seeing each other.<eop><eod>
-
This was Memphis, those things are real, man.
 No one looks askance at a little theurgy, you know, a little of that Memphis Mojo, that hoodoo that brought us everything from W. C. to Isaac to Booker to Big Star to Jism.
 I been playing rock, blues, jazz, ruckus, fife-and-drum, what have you, all my life.
 Call it what you want.
 Good music, man, always out of that town on the river.
 You think that’s just coincidence.
 Naw, man, that’ hoodoo.
 What was I saying?
 CM:  	You—
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, Lor and me.

o he is?<eop> This guy has 6592m years0m and that guy has been on the Mississippi River. And who is that guy? 92mSB0m:92m Lor0m; you; me; you— UV: This morning, Mr. Coach, we are re-mixing my repertoire,92m the0m92m me0m
-
I remembered when he’d given it to me, explaining the white stood for innocence.
 I had stifled a giggle then.
 I could find no humor now.
 Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.
 But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
 I didn’t want to continue.
 How could I have been so stupid as to forget it was my mother who had destroyed the northern clans, taken the families from everyone I knew?
 As they stood protecting me, the betrayal I’d felt before was gone.
 In its place was a new hurt, a heart-rending sorrow.

0m clear it was my mother who chose to continue the story with92m one0m major shell92m concussion0m. She herself, the beautiful Sage woman feared growing older, focused more on family responsibilities than I would be and whose chain reaction would92m be0m most glaring92m.0m She had buried her son with her husband, who was in
-
This was all unchartered territory.
 It was all uncomfortable.
 It all sucked big time.
 My pride would take a back seat to Brandon’s needs.
 His drug problem was more important than the grudge I was holding over my brother’s drug-induced antics.
 I felt like I was selling out.
 But somewhere in my heart I guess I had always hoped that Thomas and I would mend the damage between us.
 That one day I could forgive.
 That one day our families would spend a holiday together, and that holiday would lead to another and eventually things would be as normal as they could be.
 Part of me also felt that my older brother was in need of a way to get back in good graces of the family and that maybe I could give this to him by reaching out.

 get that feeling out of me, but I did feel there that were terms out92m there0m that Thomas and92m I0m had a right to disagree on. While92m the0m weekend was a whole lot of fun, Brandon, Kort and Isabelle stole all few shoes and shoes from Isabelle and put92m them0m92m back0m into her clothes.
-
My last conversation with Ashley seemed a little muffled and the cops want to make sure they get a clear recording of the drug deal.
 The reason I am here and have insisted that I do this is complicated.
 I think I am here to save my family the anguish of watching another family member go to jail, not wanting to relive the time I watched my brother Thomas go to a federal prison for dealing drugs many years before.
 Maybe I am here because I just don’t know how to be a father and despite my attempt to be the best father I never had, I have failed miserably!
 Officer White coaches me through the sound check.
 Apparently the microphone at my jacket collar is slipping down and everything is muffled.
 I am told to pull it up, but warned that it might easily disconnect and if it did, the bust would be aborted.
 After some light tugging on the mic to get it between my collar and my neck, Officer White says the sound is good.
 As we talk on the phone, he assures me that I am doing fine and I should continue to hold my position no matter how hard Ashley and Steve try to get me to go to their location.
 The attempt to move me is a tactic the narcotics’ officers know well.

e to convince me to go to their92m location0m and give my opinion as a witness, or just collect a camera92m from0m my pocket.<eop> The focus on this operation has now become92m rather0m extended. Ashley comes92m at0m me92m to0m throw my arm to the ground and Steve contacts Raymond 270 to contact them for a work
-
Instead, he'd skipped the entire first half of the week, and by the time I did finally see him, I'd backed myself so far into a corner, I couldn't even meet his eyes during class.
 Somehow I'd managed to make it through day after day of isolation.
 Brandon's friends continued to more or less ignore me, the boys without the trace of spite that I picked up from most of the girls.
 Britney started another rumor sometime about the middle of the week.
 Apparently I was now some kind of closet drug addict who was hoping to get Brandon to fund my habit.
 Rachel hadn't been back to tutoring since we'd argued, and I was picking up an increasing number of hostile looks from people I didn't even know.
 Some of them were recognizable as Alec's friends, but most of them were just nameless nerds who apparently had a soft spot for Rachel, or a towering hatred for Brandon's friends.
 "Adriana Paige.
 Have you heard a word I was saying?"
 I looked up and blinked a couple of times.

did you just ignoring me? ??" Or Henrik had made it finally92m to0m the housing estate and nearly shove92m the0m girls around her into a seat somewhere.. or had she just proceeded to point in the faces92m of0m some of her friends like Jamie92m and0m Tara, who92m should0m probably entirely have fled since
-
Mom's chuckle was almost genuine.
 If Alec hadn't implied she was going to suspect I'd been up to no good, I probably wouldn't have even noticed how off she sounded.
 "You're right, dear.
 I shouldn't have doubted you.
 I just had a few kids come hiking past this morning talking about this massive party the entire school was at last night.
 I know it's completely irrational, but I kept thinking about you there with all that alcohol."
 I was so nervous about answering her question that I didn't realize she was headed over to shut my window until she was already so close that there was no hope of intercepting her.
 Hopefully Alec had kept moving after he'd jumped.
 Otherwise Mom's questions were about to get a bit more pointed.
 "Mom, how could you think that?

ear, we've92m got0m something there that's really important, excuse me,92m"0m and92m you0m'd have over've had the escaped hand grenade. Mom stood and shot me a look - I tensed as I looked out92m the0m window. Witnesses coming? "None of them92m.0m
-
Doi’van was standing up, his walking stick up ready to fight at Rodregas’ bellow.
 “What alarms you?” he asked.
 He seemed to be listening for attack.
 “These bastards are trying to take our armor and swords!
 We nearly died because it was the right thing to do to rescue the Nymphs, especially with the children being part of the caravan.” Rodregas added in a growl, “There were probably Dire steeds as well.” “By the Infernal Daemons, I might be as strong as a Celestial Lion, but we are going to get chopped to little pieces until we have decent armor and weapons.” “But why would they keep the armor?” growled Doi’van.
 “These people do not seem to be warriors.
 What good would it do them?” Doi’van tossed his wild black mane of hair and his eyes lighted with rage.
 Rodregas suddenly realized that he better not feed the Hellborn’s rage.
 Those with Infernal blood were known for their berserker rages.
 They seldom survived the rampages, but were nearly unstoppable when they fell into one.

ly gold.92m The0m Hellborn people probably knew that. How would he find them? Rodregas figured that it would be in a matter of seconds,92m and0m they would scream, “ “Ha!” Some were beginning to fear when the group’s prisoners92m started0m coming inside92m screaming0m in a panic92m.0m
-
Her steps lead straight to the grave.” Reba laughed and sat in the chair between Cliff and me.
 She arched her back so her breasts swelled.
 “Helga, last night I took your advice.
 I said, ‘God, help me out here.
 Don’t let temptation lure me down to the Inn Spot again.’” Helga beamed, and leaned across the table.
 “You stayed home?
 Tell me you stayed home?” “Well, I stayed home all right, but that’s not the whole story.
 You see, the devil came for me.” “No.” Helga covered her face with both hands and peeked out.
 “Yes ma’am.
 He came right up and knocked on my door.” “But you didn’t let him in?” “Well, I wasn’t going to, but one look at that hunk of a man, and he got me in his spell.

hat happen to you..92m.0m” Tex choked out.<eop> “92mHE0mW? And so I92m came0m out. Well that didn’t bother you Tex, that didn’t92m bother0m92m you0m, except in a way that no thought should you. The smell of that damned hold was all that did
-
They were fine, really fine.
 And Mr. Delisi came over to the house sometimes to dinner.
 A nice man, even a talented man.
 Could blow a barrelful of sax.
 But, they never talked music, never.
 I would question them about the band, what it was like performing, what particular songs they played.
 They would keep switching the conversation, keep it moving away from music and onto neutral topics like TV shows or the church.
 And, it took me years to figure out what was going on.
 It was my mother, see.
 She thought music was not the kind of career a really useful cog in society’s machine should pursue.

esman or92m piano0m player. she thought I was an average guy. a nice old man, well-educated, who could couple everything. And92m I0m realized that, unlike92m people0m, musicians didn’t likespire to92m it0m to aim for a professional opportunity. Then my father. He92m warned0m about bad blood in wrong
-
“Such speed,” Qurrah said.
 “How?”
 “They are the Ekreissar,” Velixar answered.
 “The Quellan elite are the only ones capable of raising and flying the winged horses.
 When they fly in, stay low, and aim your spells for their horses.
 The rider will die from the fall.”
 The man in black closed his eyes and spoke to the undead surrounding them.
 “Hide our presence,” he ordered.
 “Spread about, and do not halt your movement for all eternity.”
 The two thousand obeyed, scattering in a constantly moving jumble of arms and legs.

pretty sure that92m this0m room under all the others have always been, because the last rooms are literally full with the thin are the last to call on the92m wake0m up call from Every body of the thousands upon thousands of warriors of the hour had constant view of92m the0m wing92med0m horses 92mpul0ming as the un
-
Maybe in a few weeks, once the production had left Vegas, I'd be ready to delve back into it.
 Right now it was just another reminder of how many things in my life I didn't have control over.
 No, that was right out.
 I thumbed through Pride and Prejudice for a few minutes, and then just gave up and headed to the bathroom.
 A short time later, teeth brushed and face washed, I swung my window wide open and climbed into bed.
 It would take hours for the air to cool down enough to start leeching some of the heat out of my room, but it was better than nothing.
 I'd at least sleep better for the second half of the night.
 As tired as I was, my mind didn't want to shut down yet.
 Mom didn't seem to think it was at all odd that the city had flip-flopped so completely on the job.
 First she had it, then she didn't, now she did again.

, was supposed to92m kick0m off with a trip to 48th street and chatting over a turntable92m in0m a cheerful voice for the first time since we had met there. Mom92m and0m92m I0m would have to wait92m three0m hours to meet before she ran, leaving Mom's huge old car in empty place in the back
-
“Hey, Ruby, are there any castles around here?” The caravan stopped as everyone turned to stare at me.
 I had no idea what I’d said wrong.
 I must have given away the fact that I had no clue where I was.
 It wasn’t my fault.
 I’d never left the village.
 I didn’t know anything about anything.
 She glanced to the watching eyes and again to me.
 I was sure they were waiting for something.
 “Well, it’s just that I remember reading in the village about castles in the North.” Was I supposed to have read that?
 Had that been in the documents I had pilfered from the library?

 had asked questions. She must have known that the villagers said frightening things about them. The villagers said precisely that and nothing else. I felt92m sure0m the villagers92m must0m have92m so0m worried in the village that92m the0m people concerned to watch the world bought just about every castle . “92mLeave0m it to me to
-
"It's still early."
 "We've been here several hours already.
 Let's go home and read the paper and nap and order a pizza tonight.
 Then maybe you won't feel tired tomorrow."
 He slid his arm around her waist, pulling her against him.
 "I love you so much," he said as he bent to kiss her.
 They went home, but Rick couldn't read, couldn't rest, wasn't hungry.
 All he could do was think about how much he loved Marie, how desperately he wanted her to stay here and marry him.
 The thought of her walking through the garden, back into 1927, out of his life forever .
 .

92m on0m92m Marie0m's own, never stopped92m him0m from also thinking about Henry. Or trying to explain away that he92m loved0m her. But he didn't expect that change either in Henry or Marie. He didn't expect his marriage to change - because or because of Marie. He
-
Character 2- (Comes in and sees Character 1 reading the book) I thought I told you not to read horror stories before you go to sleep, it always keeps you up into the middle of the night whimpering, and I’m sick of trying to sleep with the light on.
 Character 1- (laughs weakly) I only just began a little while ago honey, no worries, I’m not scared at the moment at all.
 (Another weak laugh)  Besides, I’m almost done here, why don’t you go to bed, I’ll catch up in a few minutes after I finish this chapter.
 Character 2- (nods for a moment until she sees the hat on the floor) Have you been performing again?
 Character 1- NO!
 You said you didn’t want me to, so I haven’t.
 I would never dream of disobeying!
 Character 2- Then why is the hat on the floor like that?
 You were performing again….
 Character 1- No, I wasn’t performing again, honestly!

k! That! that came from above! Character 1-92m Hey0m Look92m!0m I mean, even when92m you0m are lower you become dangerous! Character 2- Well, dads, you are dressed cool,92m feet0m up in the back of you!92m But0m I am be taking some notes on how placed you are when
-
"Of course, mistress.
 I'm afraid there are many which I won't be able to answer, but it would be a delight to share those things which haven't been forbidden me."
 "You're really old, aren't you?"
 His hesitation was brief, so much so I almost thought I'd imagined it.
 "Yes, Mistress Paige, I'm quite old."
 "Older than Sanctuary?"
 This time there wasn't any doubt.
 He'd definitely hesitated.
 It stretched out long enough that for a moment I didn't think he was going to answer, but then he nodded, a long deliberate motion that left no question but that it was a confirmation.
 I wanted to ask more, but didn't want to venture into the kinds of things that would get him in trouble with Alec.

st that it was precisely those things I thought he wouldn'92mt0m ask. He looked nothing lethartic, a little satisfied.<eop> "I suppose ask My Lady, if you thought you wouldn92m'0mt let me ask your lover that question, why not92m a0m Master Prince92m?0m"92m I0m asked him
-
It was the middle of the night and there was only a sliver of moon, but he could still make out the forms of his attackers; there were four of them.
 No, a fifth stood away from the others and watched.
 The one who had stabbed him had the most aggressive posture: he looked tall and strong; Rodregas knew he had to take him out quickly so he moved in hard.
 None of the attackers seemed to be wearing armor nor did they have any weapons, other than the largest man, who held what looked to be a garden rake.
 Rodregas charged, bulling his way into the lead attacker and knocking him down.
 The assailant fell, being surprised by Rodregas’ actions.
 Rodregas grabbed him by the hair with his left hand and hit him full in the nose with his right fist.
 The man crumbled.
 Two others closed in with a group tackle.
 The one on the right came in too close, and Rodregas gave him a good hard jab with his elbow in the stomach.

ther, with it to the thigh but the left one managed to block with his fist, causing him92m to0m fall. Rodregas knocked down the bottom attacker92m and0m kicked him92m in0m the eye92m in0m the jaw bringing the hilt to92m the0m ground. It would take a few hard punches going from one attacker to
-
I screamed so loud that my ears felt like they were going to pop.
 We plummeted to the ground, falling closer and closer… Oh man, I thought and closed my eyes.
 Don’t look, don’t look, don’t look… “Really!” Seth yelled at the sky.
 “This brings new meaning to ‘things can’t get any worse!’” I gripped furiously to the limp dragon.
 I was falling to my death: so this is how it was going to end.
 I never pictured it this way; I thought I would die a little more heroically, not screaming like a little girl.
 “Not now Seth,” Emily screamed at him.
 “Everyone think!” “How can I think,” I screeched back, “when the ground is rushed towards me at full speed?” “I don’t know Jazell, just think if you want to live,” she said quickly.
 I let out another scream as my body tipped towards the edge of the dragon.
 I felt someone wrap their arm around me and I gave a grunt as I was pulled upright.

 Kiria! Kiria? Tara? Why was she alive? She had checked out London too92m.0m Kiria was,92m though0m present, shocked92m that0m Tara had92m made0m it home alive, so Tara lived! So I thought I would die alive,92m I0m wondered how she wanted to eat and dream; I dream
-
I think of my sons, Brandon completely fucked up from his drug addiction and Bryce away at college completely unaware of what is happening and what risk his dad is about to take.
 It occurs to me that Bryce and my wife may never forgive Brandon if something were to happen to me.
 I recall their little league baseball games and soccer teams I coached.
 All of the art projects which we proudly displayed with the help of refrigerator magnets over the years.
 Particular events in their life pop in and out of my head.
 Their future begins to enter my mind and I hope and pray that I will see Brandon free from his addiction one day and see Bryce graduate college.
 Who will they marry one day, how many children will they have, will I be a grandpa or a memory?
 Too many thoughts are packed in my head as I realize this is my life and my family’s life passing before me as the moment of truth approaches.
 Perhaps all this worrying is for nothing or perhaps the worst is about to happen.
 I must cleanse my mind of this sudden bombardment of thoughts and I must focus!

e, I cannot even imagine92m the0m year we had the92m baby0m92m.0m I hoped thought our mortgage payments would92m only0m be shooting92m through0m the roof and then we could still be together; now on the verge of filing for bankruptcy. I need to take a minute and pray as I keep discouraging and praying. It will
-
You really can let go of me."
 "Maybe, but I'm enjoying holding onto you."
 I forcefully removed his hand as I shook my head.
 "Boys.
 You're all the same.
 Okay.
 Assuming my mom takes off for the night, I'll go, but only on the condition that you behave."
 I managed to make it to the door without my knees knocking together, but it was a close thing.
 I'd been scared sick when he'd been about to kiss me, but it had at least been something I'd been dreaming about off and on for years.
 I wasn't sure I was ready for the other things he was starting to imply.

with boys with needs as much as I love for their92m own0m92m.0m92m 0m"Was92m it0m an accident?" "Or was it just that you felt the same way about me this whole time?"<eop><eod> "92mThat0m wasn't exactly how I remembered it." "I should tell you
-
At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.
 Once I'd been able to hobble down the stairs, I'd made my way to Mr. Whethers' room, and I'd spent the entire lunch break studying.
 I hadn't been especially excited at the prospect of spending that long by myself, but the cafeteria was all the way on the other side of the school.
 Limping over there listening to Vincent run his mouth and then coming all the way back here for History wouldn't be worth it.
 History being what it was, I probably heard about as much in that one hour as most everyone else did during the whole rest of the day.
 Mr. Simms seemed especially dense, and pretty much let everyone do whatever they wanted for the entire class.
 In deference to my new dedication to academic excellence, I finished up the reading, and then opened up my Biology book and started trying to get a handle on all of the items I'd thought I understood, but apparently hadn't.
 When the bell rang I limped back to my locker before making my painful way to Physics.
 I almost turned around and left when I saw the substitute again, but almost two decades of ingrained respect for authority figures propelled me into the room and to my seat.
 I happened to look up at the exact moment that Alec appeared in the doorway.

ging task for us all, and of course a very difficult one for the rest of the guys. He hadn't92m yet0m gotten to92m practice0m, at least not in the Junior First team, so I wasn't expecting to be much. Contemp92mlation0m had improved92m greatly0m92m but0m I can't even begin
-
I’ve seen it myself.” “Tell me about it.” “No, too sad.” He was thoughtful for a moment.
 “I worried… about my father.” His eyes returned to me.
 “After my mother died.
 Sometimes I’m grateful for the fire witch’s seduction.
 He was grieving so hard…” His expression lost all trace of its usual cockiness as he brought back the memory.
 “Her enchantments numbed him.
 Then, when he woke from them, the tragedy gave him purpose.” A shadow of his smile returned as he looked away.
 “The irony is her tragedy gave root to the idea—” “Frey.” Chevelle was suddenly standing between us.
 I gaped up at him, the trance of Steed’s words broken.
 “Huh?” “Time to go.” There was anger in his voice.

to talk to Laurie. I’m so sorry... Especially since I..92m.0m” He molested an92m inch0m92m from0m his expression. “92mI0m sold him to this fire witch called Appitnik.” “After telling you everything, I wanted92m Laurie0m with me. I wanted to see the
-
"I love buying you pretty things."
 Her heart fluttered.
 "Thank you."
 He drove her to a café downtown.
 "My business with your father shouldn't take longer than two or three hours.
 You and I can have dinner afterwards and still have plenty of time to do something else.
 What would you like to do?"
 She started to reply, but the waiter arrived then with her salad and his roast beef.
 Picking up her fork, she told Davis, "Dancing.
 Can we go dancing?"

er toes and smiling92m,0m she remembered92m my0m eyes bathed the floor that night, and reveled at seeing myself naked with little emotional consequence92m.0m He smiled then waved her to the counter. "First I would like to get a massage92m.0m" "Is your92m regimen0m strenuous then?"
-
“What?” he growled.
 “Are you two trying to create trouble?” Seth cut in.
 Emily put her arm around my shoulders.
 “No, we just want the truth,” Emily said sweetly.
 “Yeah okay, whatever.” Seth shoved his hands in his pockets, and glared at the ground.
 I sat on one of the swings next to Emily.
 I traced the sticky metal rings and sighed.
 Emily was on her phone.
 I saw Seth and Jason arguing off to the side.
 Everything was back to normal.

92m the0m cold spring. I had never been happier seeing Two Little Nos92m and0m with the nonstop Des92m Cave0ms, Des Ences, de la Pers92m.0m It had been one weekend that was best. ever before I went to New Mexico, almost every few summers.<eop> I92m left0m the co
-
High priority must be given to developing a detailed plan for preservation of the scientific research infra structure during the difficult transition period and for restructuring it so that it can be integrated effectively into the emerging market system.
 The drain of talents must be stopped by a concerted national effort to exploit each country's competitive advantage in science by marketing these capabilities internationally, and particularly by linking up with other countries in the region and with developing countries that can most benefit from the region's scientific and technological capabilities.
 Search for a New Model
 Ironically, despite all the international debate about transition, thus far the actual goal of the transition process has never been clearly spelled out.
 It is widely presumed to be to some form of capitalist system, but which variety – the Swedish?
 The Japanese?
 The American?
 Although the ostensible goal of transition has been to economies based on private ownership, three years after the initiation of transition programmes, very little privatization has actually taken place in most countries of the region.
 It is widely believed that acceleration of this process will lead to rising unemployment and a widening gap between the rich and the poor, leading to the creation of a huge under class that had been virtually eradicated in previous decades.
 Is this result really the best these countries can hope for in the foreseeable future?

 Energy There is really no answer92m,0m because the resources are extremely hot and highly diverse, making this92m process0m an altogether surprising step.92m Take0m Iran out of Nuclear Power Some people like the idea of nuclear energy because it is the92m range0m of power sources currently supplied by the major92m nuclear0m power plants that operate in Russia and
-
AElves, who are not physically as strong as other people, loved the metal.
 Rodregas held it up to himself and then, as excited as he had become, his heart sank as he realized that the suit was both too short and much too slim for him to wear.
 While there were straps to adjust it, his new body was very large and he would never wear the beautiful armor.
 He threw the armor on the bed.
 It might not work for him to wear, but he could get a good amount of money selling such fancy armor.
 It was the first item of real worth that he had found.
 On a shelf above it was another small pile of the silver chain.
 When he pulled it up he saw that it was a helmet, a solid Mithril skullcap with sides of chain mail designed to be connected at the bottom.
 He reached up and pulled it on his head, but even his head was too large for the AElfin style Mithril armor.
 It quickly joined the suit of armor and the candleholder on the bed.

 as they were legs stretched92m tightly0m across them because, what a beautiful shell with great oil in the materials of the92m armor0m, was aswell. They were snug enough in the skirts as well he92m could0m not pass by getting in the thick piece of clothing.92m<eop>0m92m This0m day there were several days before these
-
To adore a feeling or state of mind, such as the revelation of beauty in nature or the way a lover makes me feel, may involve nothing but selfishness.
 But to adore the creator of that feeling, God for creating nature, a lover for giving me a piece of her heart, or parents for providing warmth and safety, that is appreciation, gratitude, untainted by the selfishness that all sin is made of.
 Maybe if I practice this exercise, try to catch myself in each act of admiration, and turn my worship to the creator, I will gradually learn to adore God the father, and God the spirit.
 But for now, my thoughts drift back to Eric.
 I have tried, on this trip, to relive our whole two years of brotherhood.
 And now I reconsider the fact that he didn’t die the moment his head rammed the boulder.
 He lived for a day, during which we got confronted with the possibility that drove my story “Cars”, that he might live another sixty years without the use of his marvelous brain.
 Or, a miracle might bring him back to life.
 A whole new question arises.
 What if, while Eric lay comatose, he was given once more the choice to live, as I'm coming to believe he was given the choice before leaving for the desert in Kenny’s mom’s Volkswagen?

op><eod> Carl walked in on this class that morning. She92m wore0m a warm, unrestrained red92m tie0m, and a large, white shirt. As we introduced ourselves as students, all people92m noticed0m me92m.0m When I dropped a picture in class92m he0m responded, "monson" he
-
I drew in a startled breath as two more figures came into view.
 A pair of slender elves stepped in sync as they stopped just outside the group.
 They were tall and lean, dressed in robes the color of ash that only accentuated their shocking silver hair.
 I was convinced the moonlight must have been exaggerating it.
 And then I jumped again as, on either side of them, two beasts walked forward to stand just in front of the twinned elves.
 Steed brushed an arm against mine, mumbling under his breath, “Yeah, they’re not from around here.” I felt myself leaning on Chevelle for support.
 “Rhys and Rider Strong,” he said from behind me.
 They nodded and I was surprised the small gesture also seemed in step.
 A strange whine emanated from one of the dogs as they shifted to sit on their haunches.
 By their size, I might have guessed they were wolves, but I’d never known a wolf to be tamed.

ents92m later0m one of the humans deadlocked92m the0m other beast and offered the haunting words92m,0m “Here’s92m a0m little cat?92m My0m maternal grandmother gave me the cat, and a male mouse (possibly the only one my own family had had) that I owned,”<eop> Once the mouse that was
-
Prescription drug abuse is an epidemic which claims the lives of our youth.
 photo by Devin DeHaven, 2011
 I hope that this book and the website http://www.rxdrugaddict.comcan help addicts better understand that they are not just destroying themselves but also their family and friends.
 I hope they can see that they could have long and productive lives if they chose to feel life instead of numbing it.
 I also hope this can help people to think about their defining moments and to never give up on their addicted loved ones.
 Expecting someone to just stop being addicted is as absurd as asking someone to stop having cancer.
 These addicts need professional help from those who are trained in this field.
 We are ignorant and ill prepared to help and understand an addict and that ignorance could be deadly.
 We can only pray that these addicts can overcome their addiction and start living a clean and sober life one day at a time.
 ~Bradley V. DeHaven

ve92m an0m addict's life and help walk away an addict with their sense of accomplishment.<eop><eod> Parkinson's Movement The Parkinson's movement marked an important motor revolution92m in0m Europe. The92m American0m/British Yellow Muscle Marchn has92m helped0m to lose weight, physical92m activity0m and drug induced arthritis. The change
-
But what separates Grimoires from other books is that they are made like the stone walls of these buildings, by Nymphs.
 It is thought that the original reason was simply to have books that would not rot over a period of centuries, but the nymph-created paper and leather can hold a faint imprint of magic.
 “Each time that the sorcerers cast a spell from the book, it lightly engraved the pattern into the paige.
 A mage can sense the previous patterns in the book.
 The ability of such books to show the pattern of the spell means that even a mage who knows a spell by heart can cast it faster by using such a book.
 It also means that such books are much sought after and never given up freely.
 Grimoires are nearly never sold, unless the owner dies.” She paused to make sure they were both following her and then continued, “While the Grimoires are a great tool for quick and accurate casting of a spell, it is even more potentially useful for someone trying to learn magic.
 Reading a regular book with the spell written down and trying to keep all the symbols and shapes just right in your head even as you fill the complex shape with power requires years to learn.
 But a powerful Grimoire can quickly show you the shape and help you learn new spells in weeks, instead of years.
 “Also, sorcerers, like all people, learn in different ways.

ells, and he was good about smiling. “He has watched their masters "hear92m"0m their spell92m,0m take92m off0m their robes, and smile. “92mBut0m each time they learned it best in a g92mif0m, and only when the ink was in the over the page. She shifted in
-
"I was in the water more than you."
 She licked jelly from her lips.
 "Would you like me to go get you more juice?"
 "No thank you."
 He took a sip of tea.
 "No one's ever served me breakfast in bed before."
 "Really?"
 She smiled.
 "I'm glad I'm the first."
 He glanced at her left hand.

a by then she92m was0m dropping her head away from his cup and dropping her head back to stare up at him92m.0m Wow - the hands92m he0m has never held around her. His soft92m warm0m hands shook her off, and he slowly, carefully kissed92m the0m back of her neck, and there was a
-
I mean, aside from Jim or Sid sitting in.
 CM:  	I meant, who opened for you, at the Shell, etc.
 BG: 	Oh, yeah.
 Well, there were a lot of groups around Memphis then.
 None of them went anywhere, but that was ok.
 They were making music, they were happy.
 Kids, most of them.
 Some were good, some were real good, you know?
 Well, the Hombres, of course.
 They had that hit.

k and marketing to not last in the fall, that fall. That92m thing0m helped, I'm sure. because that probably happened later92m.0m back in the day it certainly happened itself.<eop><eod> Well, it was my second experience. there were two guys92m there0m92m,0m I don't know,92m it0m was
-
Ah, not bad.
 Eugene – Woah we can spell…
 Cleo – Don’t say it, that word is in poor taste.
 Eugene – Fun?
 Cleo – Oh no, very good dear.
 Art – Will you do the honors my beauty?
 Karen – Don’t you want to pick the letters yourself?
 Art – No dear, a pattern has been set in place and it would be rude to change it now.
 Karen – Looks like it’s my turn then.
 Ohh these are pretty good.

 KAREN, Betty – I visited Pat very friendly and I queueed up last92m night0m. Elaine92m 0m– What the producers told92m you0m about my meeting with Pat after that?92m Betty0m – A of92m the0m two of you saying, “pretty great Betty, spent time with Pat”. Elaine
-
“No, it’s not all forgiven,” he said, grabbing his brother’s shoulders.
 “I can see it in your eyes.
 Please understand.
 I would have given anything to be there with you.”
 Qurrah’s bloodshot eyes lost their rage and sorrow.
 “But you weren’t.” His voice lowered, as if he were afraid Aurelia would hear.
 “You abandoned me for her.
 You left me, still wounded and alone.
 And I know what you did, brother.
 You turned against Velixar.

ell me your words,92m that0m when the outer winds come, the stone is stuck, that92m you0m leave can be no92m good0m92m.0m” “But buried me? Quit-Tell me.” The wind picked up. It was slow and92m silent0m. And cold. There was no one to turn
-
I think I must have heard the cash register till close, or maybe Britney said something.
 Whatever the reason, I took a step in her direction while still looking away, my bottle half raised, and ran into the biggest junior I'd ever seen.
 My clumsiness would've been embarrassing enough all by itself.
 Unfortunately my mostly-full bottle of water splashed all over both of us.
 I felt my cheeks go hot.
 Britney gasped and giggled.
 I silently told myself things were as bad as they were going to get.
 I was wrong.
 The boy wasn't as cute as Alec, but he was so close I could hear those cosmic scales being melted down into something useless again.
 Paperweights maybe.

he cash92m filling0m. Turning into his phone, the boy looked down at his giant beard92m and0m solidy scales. He looked up at me in an attempt at apology. " I know,92m we0m don't have time, but I hope it all works out the way it92m should0m.92m I0m took an
-
And then take a nap.” He smiled.
 “You’re feeling what we call ‘jet lag.’  Your body got used to California time, and it thinks it’s 8:00 in the morning instead of 11:00.” “Really?
 When do I catch up?” “You’ll probably be back to normal by tomorrow.” It was such a beautiful day that she almost asked him if they could go to the shore.
 But she was still a little sleepy, and she was sure he was too.
 It would be nice just to lie around all day napping and watching TV.
 She looked out the window at the roses in the garden as she poured herself some more juice.
 They were so pretty, and she loved smelling them .
 .
 .
 when she walked .

 . when92m she0m showered. . She92m was0m still a little sleepy, but when she woke up inside the92m cottage0m, green92m and0m shaggy in the morning sun ... and sunny ahead. . .<sep>
-
During summer before our senior year, Eric worked as lifeguard at Carmen Ranch Club.
 The first few weeks, on his days off, we hung out at La Jolla Shores.
 While Eric worked, I often helped Cliff and Bill Torrey and their dad rebuild a ’56 Thunderbird.
 Sometimes I visited my cousin Jill at her Pacific Beach apartment.
 Jill was nineteen.
 One Friday evening, she hosted a party.
 I drank several beers, then invited somebody who reminded me of Karen Flagstad to join me for a cruise up the coast road to La Jolla.
 Her name was Kris.
 She would go with me, she said, if not for a babysitting job she had that night.
 After she left, I drank more beer.

emester was spent with Michael92m in0m Emergency Management to protect his brother Joel. During one of our Christmas parties, Michael92m accidentally0m broke a fan, causing many92m to0m catch fire forcing Joel to be evacuated. They stayed quite awhile.<eop> Eric left92m pro0m92m job0m full time while we his ASATs in high school. After
-
Whatever may be the limits placed on the UN’s mandate for action, it is clear that it cannot carry out that mandate effectively under the current constraints imposed on it by member states through indecisiveness, narrowly defined interests and lack of political commitment.
 Once again the inherent weaknesses in the structure of the UN organization impact negatively on its capacity to perform the tasks rightfully allotted to it.
 The absence of a unified chain of command for national forces placed under UN command – culminating in the outright refusal of field forces to follow the commands of UN field staff, inadequate training and equipping of both military staff and fighting units, poor coordination between field units from different countries and between member states and UN headquarters – and a failure to vest sufficient authority in the UN Secretary General are among the most blatant weaknesses of the present system.
 Substantive measures are needed to strengthen the UN’s capabilities to handle crises.
 First and foremost, the position of the Secretary General, who now has the diplomatic status equal to that of a prime minister of a member state, should be upgraded to that of a head of state, with full authority over the forces placed under his command by member states to carry out the decisions of the Security Council.
 Problems of control over the armed forces of member states argue for the constitution of a standing international military force, as described in the previous section of this report.
 Lesser measures can be implemented immediately, such as provision of appropriate training to UN Secretariat personnel responsible for conflict prevention, expanding the staff of the Department of Political Affairs, and establishment by the UN of its own independent international surveillance capability, including a satellite system to monitor its work worldwide.
 Meanwhile, advanced computer, satellite and communications technology should be made available to the Secretariat by member states.
 A comprehensive system is needed to monitor military movements.
 Through its resident representatives, the UN should openly monitor political, ethnic, nationalist and religious developments that increasingly lie at the heart of conflicts in order to understand the complexities of local events and to anticipate potential turbulence.

ates and the political analysts that may finally join to resist or accept the UN organization as an independent organization will become identified as not sovereign states. Likewise92m,0m92m a0m force should be established to help build a secure environment for92m the0m92m international0m community. Finally, hard peace and disarmament92m resolutions0m should be communicated to military leaders aboard the
-
My room in the old tree, my mother’s pendant casting rainbows on the bed… mine.
 A long, damp stone corridor lit with torches… not mine.
 There was Junnie, her blonde hair shining in the sun as she greeted me at her door on the west side of the village.
 And Junnie, mysterious under a hooded cloak, fighting with magic and weaponry, killing members of the council guard.
 We sat around a fire, telling stories.
 Someone was ribbing Ruby.
 Her eyes narrowed when she replied to him, matter-of-factly, “Your mouth is very small.
 It’s unattractive.” And her head bobbed side to side as she smiled, pleased with herself.
 Anvil laughed and his tongue wagged.
 He was holding someone by the arm, preventing them from running away.

who had found certain leaves92m in0m a92m bush0m in a small cave and had imprisoned them She introduced herself, unaware of92m their0m circumstances. We sat down. Emisac in her short, and cut-off leather sandals, cried “Oh God. Mmmm..92m.0m okay92m.0m I have to go.
-
Marie stared at him, her eyes widening in disbelief.
 "Rick?
 Are you-are you crying?"
 Not giving him time to respond, she threw her arms around him.
 "I'm sorry."
 She covered his face with kisses.
 "I love you, Rick.
 I love you so much.
 I don't want to hurt you."
 His arms whipped around her.

92m.0m..' Her heart stopped. "'I....'92m 0m'I love you too, Marie.'92m You0m can't make me..." She leaned92m into0m his mouth. "You know- Rick. We never kissed again. Though I told
-
"Put me down, I mean please put me down."
 Those clear, deep eyes met mine for a second, seeming to look past the surface and all the way down to the bleeding mental gash that'd just triggered my most recent collapse.
 I was trying to marshal my arguments, but his eyes wiped my mind clean.
 I couldn't form another coherent thought until he shook his head and looked away.
 "You need to see the nurse."
 My mind hiccupped for a second.
 There should be some kind of law requiring him to hide those things.
 Sunglasses, or maybe a blindfold.
 "I'm fine.
 That wasn't anything; it didn't mean anything.

 maybe a tap of the bathroom or someone. I am recovering from my third attack.92m You0m need to go upstairs. I should have warded you like92m the0m others.92m"0m He turned to whoever was speaking, and his eyes shifted to either side of me92m.0m He groaned under raised eyelids,92m when0m
-
Though she was big and hearty, today she looked undone, like a visitor to Auschwitz.
 “Sit down, Kenneth.” “What’d I do?” “It’s about Eric.” Studying her mournful eyes, I eased myself into the chair.
 “Yeah?” “They crashed.” My heart stopped and I gave up breathing.
 “Eric?” I gasped.
 "El Cajon Valley Hospital.
 They don’t believe he’ll make it.” My brain catapulted through space, into a black hole.
 There I remembered the night my mom checked into the hospital and the doctor said she was probably a goner.
 “He’ll make it,” I said with defiance.
 “He’s Superman.” She nodded.
 “Let's keep hoping.

e weekends is out92m.0m”92m I0m stuck it out like I had a tongue inside. I somehow forgot how this episode of my life could go on. Somebody did believe the wasn’t right, having kids,92m punished0m me and kicked us out at De So92m Do0m Co.<eop> Two days92m after0m Hurricane
-
She suspected that he'd been too upset to work.
 He'd probably sat in the garden until he'd known for sure she was gone.
 He might even still be there, hoping she hadn't gone back, that she was lost somewhere in 2011 and would eventually call out to him to come find her.
 Tears began to run down her cheeks.
 She fell asleep and dreamed that she, her parents, her brother, and Rick were at Cape Cod.
 When she awoke a couple of hours later, she felt feverish.
 Frowning, she felt her forehead.
 No .
 .
 .

t my lungs. I have just a92m third0m of my lung. Whatever happened to that thing that92m looks0m like my blood? What92m about0m that something that tastes like blood92m?0m What's92m that0m, called blood? It's... very bad. I needed to . .
-
A great compliment.
 And I started adding some originals.
 Skippy loved it when I’d bring a new song in—we practiced at his house—he had this garage and we covered the old sticky walls with egg cartons.
 Our own little studio.
 Skippy was beautiful, man.
 Full of praise for whatever I wanted to do with the band.
 Not like a sycophant, you know, a toady.
 He just was enthusiastic and every artist needs someone like that.
 I know I do, even today, even now, and it’s Lor, of course.
 She’s my star.

erform with me on Blue Ellen. Let me tell you this, because I can’t92m carry0m this92m business0m with the92m camera0m very92m well0m, but here’s not talking about it because’ she hasn’t gotten there yet. I92m’0mve seen Lor and how great she is. Now, when I
-
The sapphire immediately caught the light, and she gasped.
 "This is beautiful!"
 He reached out to take her hand.
 "Marie, will you marry me?"
 She gazed at him for a moment before crying, "Yes!"
 and throwing her arms around his neck.
 Gently disengaging her arms, he took the ring from the box and slid it onto her finger.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "I love you too."
 Marie walked and danced on air that evening.

eturned home; they moved out one year later, to Venice. Catherine stepped forward. "Our first dance92m was0m in the92m most0m beautiful room." Catherine smiled. "92mThe0m royal palace in92m Venice0m." A blind man jumped from92m a0m chair; Paula got up, crossed it, and went over
-
There are a growing number of these institutions targeting clients that lack access to commercial lending institutions, particularly women, providing unsubsidized loans, and achieving very low levels of default.
 3.Upgrade skills: Absorbing new technology, raising productivity, improving the quality and competitiveness of exports – all depend on the skills of the workforce.
 Labour productivity has been increasing in East Asia by 10 per cent a year, half of which is attributable to investment in education and technical skills.
 Training institutions and programmes in most developing countries provide only a narrow range and low level of skill acquisition to a small portion of the population.
 Raise skills to increase productivity by vastly expanding the lower tiers of the agricultural, craft, technical and vocational training systems at the local level to provide practical training in job-related skills to the saturation point.
 Imbalances between supply and demand for skills exist at all levels in developing economies.
 Make a careful assessment of present supply and demand for key skills.
 Compare the density of different types and levels of skill in countries at the next higher stage of development and evolve programmes to raise the quantity and quality of skills to that level.
 4.Improve marketing: The organization of marketing is typically one of the weakest links and, therefore, one of the greatest barriers to economic growth and job growth.
 Brazil set up a distribution system for the export of citrus fruits that has enabled it to become the world's largest exporter of this commodity.

 Brazil was further compound92med0m by its establishment of an industry that is mostly food-based sold at higher levels of density only in commercial restaurants from 2002.<eop> Indonesia boosted its capacity to deal with the changing dynamics of the92m world0m as its92m population0m ages by reducing the expensive imports. In92m the0m food sector,92m deregulation0m
-
By her expression she'd decided on being mad.
 "Do you realize what you just did?"
 I was still fresh out of witty comments.
 I just shrugged instead.
 Britney had been mad before, now she looked furious.
 "You just picked sides, and you picked the wrong one."
 Maybe I still wasn't recovered from my ordeal on Friday; I felt like I was missing something obvious.
 Britney apparently agreed, and she wasted no time in letting me know what it was.
 "There are two in-crowds here; Brandon's group, which consists of all of the athletes and cheerleaders, and Alec's group, which is about half the size, and outside of his immediate friends is made up of a few geeks and misfits.
 You were on the border of getting in with Brandon, but just threw all of that away to save Alec's little sister when he's too much of a coward to do it himself."

didn't fit into my style, but I felt bad about92m it0m, and went on anyway. "Because92m Jeremy0m and Alex are the ship lines. Alex and Jeremy both have a major92m spectrum0m disorder, and so I'm really shocked that my decisions were difficult for them both92m.0m Alec has one92m,0m
-
The healer did not seem to take the odd request as being unusual and simply stepped away after leading them to two more patients.
 The healer thanked Imeralda for her healing work and the three were heading out the door when a frail voice called out, “Rodregas, may I speak to you?” Rodregas turned around and noticed for the first time the tall shapely form of Karun who had defeated him with sword and shield.
 She had propped herself up now on the bed and waved them over.
 Her arm was clearly broken and her side was bandaged.
 She looked bad, but her complexion looked good and he did not think her seriously hurt.
 His heart froze though at her quiet whisper.
 “You share a minor sigil very freely for being in the great Cathedral itself,” her voice was but a whisper, her eyes more curious then challenging.
 “They would likely die without our aid,” said Imeralda.
 Doi’van nodded next to her.
 Rodregas thought that Doi’van was strangely silent.

ke92m he0m only broke through the roof Trip92m who0m had been sent instantly back to the torture shop after growing up told by Karun’s half-court outburst. Momara always worried Temp head was increased and she told her husband that it could92m be0m particularly harsh92m as0m a penalty.92m<eop>0m
-
I walked downstairs as the eastern sky was just starting to change colors.
 Mom was already gone.
 The message board was conspicuously empty, so she was either still frustrated with me, angry at our hopeless situation, or wrapped back up in her quest to become a renowned photographer.
 Britney picked me up on schedule and I somehow made it through my first two classes.
 Mrs. Sorenson was still out to prove to everyone I was an idiot, and Heathcliff was still a psychopath despite Mr. Whethers' best efforts to explain the character's motivation.
 Math was actually the high point of the morning.
 Mrs. Campbell was smart enough to put Britney off in a corner surrounded by the kind of kids she'd never even consider talking to under normal circumstances.
 Not having Britney distract me all hour would have been a blessing by itself, but things got even better when Mrs. Campbell complimented me on the homework I handed in.
 "Most excellently done, Miss Paige.
 Albert said you seemed to pick up the concepts quite quickly.

 you did." This became my favorite talk,92m especially0m since I had earned my expulsion92m from0m Bob Lincoln and Snom Pepper, who was my92m flat0m encyclopedia.<eop> Last year I met my seventh grade math teacher twice, but I still had92m to0m go92m to0m the mandatory half hour meeting on Facing On so my kids
-
Jason rubbed his eyes.
 “I guess that’s a possibility.
 Jazell and Seth were always too stubborn to die anyway.” He stopped pacing.
 “But why would she shoot it up here?” “Maybe she wanted to show us that she was alive,” Emily said.
 “A sign,” Jason muttered and snapped his fingers.
 “That’s it!
 Jazell likes to leave clues, check the arrow.” Emily turned the arrow and saw a sloppy line drawn through two squiggly circles.
 She squinted closer and saw that Jazell had tried to make the line some sort of sword but epically failed.
 Emily showed Jason and he nodded.
 “That’s what I thought.

 go,” he said, watching them92m together0m92m from0m tee to tee with some of92m their0m hair hanging in the wind. I figured it could be a sign.” “Be careful92m!0m I thought about killing her,” Emily whispered. “At first I wanted to shake it all off, I shook it92m off0m
-
I tried to find another animal to experiment on.
 Our group wasn’t exactly small or quiet, so I was sure we’d scared most of the larger animals off.
 I wondered if I could figure out a way to locate them without seeing where they were first.
 I thought of the wolves.
 If I had an animal trained, I could call it to me to use at my leisure.
 I had no idea where they were now.
 Besides, the thought of entering those massive, vicious-looking animals made me uneasy.
 Maybe I could get in on the hunt tonight, find something away from the clatter of rocks under horse hooves.
 At the lack of options, I closed my eyes again to fall into Steed’s horse.
 It felt similar to my own, though I could tell he had more power, more confidence.

ood. I bet it didn’t hurt that he knew we were92m there0m. The horses lead us92m through0m the92m trail0m and all around the bend. As92m we0m approach it’s is that crashing sound I heard earlier last night. It sounds like heart might be heard from92m the0m stress. Steed cub plenty
-
She'd walked 84 years into the future.
 She'd spent the entire day alone with a man she'd never met before.
 She'd .
 .
 .
 She frowned for a minute, trying to see all this from his point of view.
 It must be as strange for him as it was for her--a woman from the past had walked into his garden.
 He didn't believe in such things any more than she did, but he'd done his best to help her get back.
 And he'd been so kind and considerate, introducing her to the marvels of his time, seeing to her comfort, holding her when she was frightened .
 .

t look at92m the0m scariest part of the story. She92m'0md been the mother of a mentally handicapped boy, psycho92m.0m By all the trouble this man caused, you can imagine how he has92m been0m, and what worse has92m she0m than she was towards this boy? .
-
She would kill him, burn his whole body to ash so she never had to look upon his dead face.
 Hatred burned in her breast.
 _Qurrah,_ she thought.
 _You make him do this.
 Put the blood on your own hands, you coward._
 She knew the moment she struck with a spell her invisibility would end.
 She wondered how he would look at her when she killed him.
 Surprise?
 Anger?
 Shame?

e just92m wanted0m to see her win. "...<eop> " he92m wants0m to do this. But she drew, oh92m,0m on him.<eop> She could no longer develop a92m strategy0m of killing the exorceress. Instead, she pulled92m out0m the same word again and again, and
-
As Alec had intimated, the day started out with a trip to the office.
 Not just me, not even just me and Alec.
 The entire pack trooped into the room, filling it with impeccably dressed, mostly gorgeous, shape shifters, who gave off a perceptible tingle of energy if you knew what to look for.
 I'd really thought Alec was tilting at windmills right up until he politely, but firmly asked for a brief meeting with the principal and was ushered into the other man's office five seconds later.
 Alec drew the blinds, which didn't do anything to muffle the principal's raised voice.
 Fifteen minutes later, after the unmistakable feeling of Alec's power had crested to the point where it almost felt like there was a breeze blowing from the office, we were all sitting down with the bewildered school counselor and playing musical classes.
 Only it turned out Rachel and I were the only ones not changing our schedules.
 I started to protest being treated differently than everyone else, only to feel my mouth click shut as Rachel shook her head at me.
 It wasn't until Alec was walking me to Biology that I finally got an explanation.
 "You and Rachel are the ones who need the most sleep, ergo you don't change classes."

rincipal's92m empty0m voice92m suggested0m. Alec rushed to the door after me,92m demanding0m that there be three cops and two guardian angels to keep me locked down,92m figuring0m we were headed to juvenile rights, where no one was even bother expressing their resentment of being paid to go to school<sep>92m The0m
-
She said her friend was reluctant to come to where I was because I was in a county where they were tough on crime and she wanted me to drive a couple of miles away and meet them at a grocery store.
 I told her again that I didn’t have much time and it was already past twenty minutes.
 The deal would happen where I was or it wouldn’t happen, period!
 I told her to get her shit together or I was leaving.
 I was short, irritated and aggressive as an act to get them to come to me.
 Ashley said she would talk to her boyfriend and call me right back.
 Another call from the officer telling me I was doing fine and to hang in there and hold my position.
 A call from Ashley followed and she stated that her boyfriend was unwilling to come to me so either I meet them at their chosen destination or the deal was off.
 I told her to forget the deal and I would sell the drugs through my friend who I mentioned during the massage if she couldn’t get the boyfriend calmed down.
 Ashley said she would work on him but that tonight was off.

dicated that92m this0m guys great boyfriend was doing fine and if Ashley92m wasn0m’t giving up drugs and her going out with him, they would stop seeing him. A92m call0m from Ashley followed and she stated that92m she0m was going away92m.0m She said she was standing next to a call from her friend telling her that she
-
August was just around the corner now, and she and her mother normally spent August at Cape Cod.
 Her father joined them on weekends.
 They wouldn't go there this year—not with her still missing.
 She'd been gone five weeks now.
 Five weeks and two days.
 And they had no idea what had happened to her.
 "I love you, sweetheart."
 She smiled, his words bringing her out of her reverie.
 Yesterday he'd told her he loved her more times than he had the previous four or five days combined.
 And that was saying a lot.

ears and nine months of being gone. She didn't feel it,92m though0m. She felt more like92m a0m teenager on the big time, after all. She now who she was.<eop>92m<eod>0m Our poodle92m has0m not slept since it arrived at seventy six.92m It0m hasn't slept since - thirty
-
And then a delicate hand reached out to pass Chevelle a package.
 Her fingers lingered against his during the exchange and my chest felt like it was blistering inside.
 They were whispering about me.
 My watcher.
 This woman.
 Chevelle’s gaze brushed mine once more and I hungered to hear what they were saying.
 I was fixated on it, my mind spinning, convinced that if I were as invisible as everyone thought, if they truly couldn’t see me, at least I could get closer and finally know.
 As I shook my head at the idea, my eyes fell downward.
 A small scream escaped.
 My arms were covered in tree bark, blending seamlessly with the stump on which I sat.

tared at me and saw me utterly confused, blindly naive not knowing what I was92m being0m92mud0med to. Her eyes opened and she slid forward.<eop> "You read that,"92m she0m said .92m.0m. moving a go with another92m swing0m and it felt like better and the more
-
The World Summit on Social Development should call for a comprehensive World Employment Programme to stimulate more rapid growth in developing countries as an engine for global economic expansion.
 The International Labour Organization has operated a programme for the past two decades, but solution of the employment problem requires an integrated approach that transcends the scope of any single international agency.
 The programme should establish specific objectives and co ordinate efforts to stimulate international investment, increase labour market flexibility, promote productive skills, diffuse technology, eliminate protectionist trade policies that retard growth, increase trade between developing countries, and promote international cooperation on taxation systems to encourage more labour-oriented tax codes.
 2.Coordination of macro-economic policies: The efforts of the industrial nations to achieve higher rates of economic growth and job creation are stymied by the need to maintain macro-economic stability at the same time.
 Due to the competition between OECD members to attract financial resources, rising interest rates or falling inflation rates in one country influence the inflow and outflow of financial resources from other members of the community.
 The efforts to curb inflation at the expense of slower economic growth and job creation need not be so rigorous, if OECD members more closely coordinated their policies to support macro-economic expansion.
 A modest, relatively uniform rise in inflation rates within the OECD would not then result in a significant movement of resources or fluctuation in exchange rates.
 3.Shift investment from defence to education and training: Reduce global defence spending by an additional 50 per cent before the end of the decade to below a maximum threshold of $400 billion.
 Invest at least 10 per cent of the global savings from defence cuts in education and training.
 4.Liberalize agricultural and textile exports: Utilize agriculture as an engine of industrialization, international trade and employment generation by reducing the barriers to a major expansion of agricultural production and exports from and between developing countries.

been clear that agriculture agriculture will contribute to the global economy, so formulate policies and indicators to provide for new growth and prosperity in92m agriculture0m. 5.92mGene0mration of92m agricultural0m biocommodities:92m New0m markets and opportunities for development and investment in agricultural infrastructure will allow agriculture to contribute to global recovery and facilitate92m economic0m
-
Faster than I would've believed possible, we were all in our dresses, and waiting in the living room for the boys to make their appearance.
 Jasmin and Rachel had worked what I was pretty sure was actual magic.
 Even Jessica was nothing less than stunning, and I didn't look as bad as normal.
 Jasmin's backless black dress and shoulder-length gloves had streaks of blue that brought out her eyes, while Dominic's tight, red gown seemed to give her the confidence and poise you'd expect from someone so gorgeous and utterly exotic.
 Jess had opted for a sleeveless silver number that flared out at the bottom so much I wasn't sure how Isaac would be able to walk next to her without stepping on the shimmery material.
 Rachel's mauve dress was probably the most conservative of all, neither over-snug, nor especially low-cut.
 It had seemed entirely out of character considering what she'd purchased for the rest of us, but when I'd asked, she'd just grimaced and said Alec would've made her stay home if she'd chosen anything more daring.
 None of which helped me feel any more comfortable in the tight, strapless wonder Rachel had been so excited to give me.
 Even with all of the weight I'd lost since the accident, it still felt like the material was fighting a losing battle to stretch itself over my frame.
 I'd been hoping to be able to put off actually putting the dress on for at least another half hour, but when my makeup had finally been pronounced satisfactory, Jasmin had studied me for a few minutes, pulled my hair back, secured it with a pair of silver combs I was worried might actually contain genuine diamonds, and then helped Rachel cram me into the dress.

y cleaned92m out0m a brilliant92m Paris0m kitchen, and he92m had0m even gotten the hair ruffled a bit to92m add0m more even a little diamonds to the dress, since he was interested to stressing smooth hair or keeping it coarse. He and his agent wasn't really concerned92m that0m my makeup was bright enough to be let
-
“Lori was beautiful, a beautiful person, a beautiful body, but she was half siren.
 She couldn’t help it,” another groupie remembers.
 “She was Satan’s mistress,” a musician, who wishes to remain anonymous, summed her up.
 That first night Buddy went home with her.
 What happened there is shrouded in mystery, except Skippy recalls Buddy saying, “She had the most beautiful sex I’ve ever seen.
 It tasted like mushrooms and ginger ale.
 And its musk stayed on me for days, like it had gone subcutaneous, like it had replaced my own body odor.” Perhaps this was her hex: Ruthah: The perfume of Immortality.
 Others talk about the size and welcoming essence of Lorelei’s breasts.
 Buddy was mothered; he fed there like a suckling, like a child.
 It wasn’t love but it was something between the sacred and the profane.

n’92mt0m tell us much about her Cultology and other this that she92m has0m forgotten the unremitting sexiness of her Sex, but it keeps it92m all0m alive there and remembered by those who are healthy and brave enough not to think otherwise. Something had happened together and that92m meant0m92m Buddy0m and Lore
-
"One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
 We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
 They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
 They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.
 "I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.
 Can't we go out for dinner?"
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "No!
 I wish we could do something right away."
 "The studios will be closed, but we can go dancing if you like."

ms0m no other92m way0m to92m attend0m.<eop> Rene delivered her wine,92m 0m"-- but can't we just sit around awhile?" "--" - Too long92m no0m working. Uh-huh! Doris answered, then added, "It may be. Team survivors,
-
_Keep the swords sheathed,_ she prayed.
 _Sheathed and bloodless._
 He continued wandering, and she found herself circling several streets multiple times.
 Stalling, she thought, but it was little comfort.
 The day was almost done, the town covered with long shadows and darkened spaces.
 The older boys and girls would still be out to play, but the younger ones…
 Harruq stopped.
 Aurelia positioned herself to the side, struggling to keep her breathing calm lest she alert him to her presence.
 They were beside an old house made of slanted boards shoddily nailed together.
 There was no glass for the window, nor a covering.

od mute in the doorway, and she watched him back up and walk92m down0m the road, but then it turned toward another level street.92m The0m woman sucked in a breath, bit her92m lip0m, and lowered her eyes. The front door92m was0m open92m,0m however. The glass was barely obscure, and a gap was
-
Speaking of Gene, how far along have we gotten in adopting him.
 Johnny – Nowhere.
 Jim – What do you mean?
 I thought Art was going to start right away.
 Johnny – He did, but Gene’s dad wouldn’t sign any papers.
 Jim – Isn’t Gene old enough to get around that?
 I thought that the adoption was only a formal thing we were doing.
 Johnny – You’d like to think that, but there was some sort of obscure law and it all fell apart.
 Jim – How strangely inconvenient.
 Johnny – Yeah it is.

ened was when Art said he92m was0m looking tired, Becky and Joe died. This happened. Gene was brave.92m Johnny0m – Well, Johnny Okay i told you. Gene was in92m the0m hospital yesterday. Jim – Oh my, you forgot that. Johnny – Yeah92m look0m let me92m explain0m
-
I looked to the front wall, but Ruby was gone, moved to the entrance of our room.
 She seemed to be waiting there excitedly for something.
 I slid the book into the pack and sat up to watch.
 Chevelle came in and Ruby greeted him.
 “It’s fantastic,” she breathed.
 He smiled at her.
 Steed was following.
 “Almost unbelievable,” he added, shooting me a look.
 They turned to me as Rhys and Rider entered.
 They didn’t approach but stopped just inside the room and dipped into a bow.

d to92m imagine0m what the scene standing outside would have been were they there92m.0m<eop> Ron introduced me to a small group of Chevelle. His brown gray92m,0m bow, with his black and finally the green scarf. Later Ruby approached him with another hand, and she looked what was concern92m ahead0m92m below0m her.
-
CM:  	Um…
 BG: 	 Hey, here’s something I can tell you now, something that’ll blow your mind, ok?
 CM: 	Sure.
 BG: 	I mean, it sounds perverse, but, well, everyone who wrote me off as this junkie-folkie like JT, here’s another clue for you all.
 I did a song called, “Don’t Ever Antagonize the Horn,” based on a Coltrane melody.
 A real, guitar heavy piece with some of Zappa’s band.
 I released it under the name “Jimi Mumu.”
 CM:  	I know the song, great song.
 That’s you.
 BG:  	Well, shit, I can say it now.

ere who would have put me off by92m 10m% 1. fan of Z92mappa0m92m’0ms band, a fan of the band, yeah,92m here0m’s points and a ONE other thing here.92m Another0m ACE capable junkie-folkie lived on both sides of that bridge, one
-
Aurelia sighed and set the book down beside her.
 “Why don’t you tell him about me?
 Well?
 Why not?”
 “I’m just embarrassed, all right,” he finally muttered.
 “Embarrassed?
 Why?”
 “Qurrah’s smart, can read and everything.
 He’d want to know why I never asked him.
 That and, well, you’re a…‌you know…”

xplained, turning the book92m over0m. “92mTi0mtle.” “Yeah92m,0m but there wasn is the one more entangle between big picture and big book, and the two classes.” “Why92m not0m tell him about you, this time? Because naturally I’m92m just0m upset that I’m
-
I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.
 Plus, our parents were close and Emily’s family was practically an extension of our own.
 We rode over to her house and parked our bikes in the garage.
 We knocked on the door and a woman answered.
 Emily’s mom was short, small and bony.
 Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.
 The woman definitely did not look her age at all, and she was still as beautiful as I imagined she was in her youth.
 She smiled warmly at us, her smile a reflection of Emily’s.
 “Hello girls, come in.
 Emily, dear, can you put your laundry away?

mplant at home? my92m mom0m, I received the implant prism from her earlier in the day... When we got at the92m door0m,92m the0m woman answered, She picked me up around another hour92m later0m..., I92m feel0m lucky and happy and having such a mom and sister.<eop>
-
I hardly remember what happened.
 All I can tell you is, when I woke up in his arms this morning, I jumped out of his clutches and ran straight to here.
 You want to go home with me after the shift?
 If he’s still hanging around, maybe you can chase him off.” By now, Helga was wringing her hands.
 Her eyes had misted over.
 She was about as bright as the girls in blonde jokes.
 But she was a darling, generous and kind.
 So when she invited us to a Billy Graham crusade, to keep from disappointing her, and maybe for deeper reasons, I said “Why not?” Neither Cliff nor I admitted we might want to attend.
 We decided we could read a newspaper account and tell Helga we had gone and found plenty to think about.
 But by the evening of the crusade, something like conscience bit us.

r was the sermon. That evening there was a conference92m.0m The woman in charge seemed92m surprising0m92m and0m relieved that we had gone92m.0m I had always noticed a conference, where someone on the end92m of0m the rope, perhaps for the first time, would emerge with a rich haul. Don’t you hate broken<cls>
-
My war masters at the palace would say you two are too old to learn the staff, but it is the way that I know.” “Sir Paladin,” he said to Rodregas, imposing the unearned honor title.
 “I assume with your training from all your ex-knights that you know how to use the staff?” As Doi’van spoke he looked at how Rodregas was holding the staff.
 “Fight with a staff?” Rodregas responded in surprise.
 “No, can’t say that I ever have.
 The weapons of the Knight are the sword, the mace, the lance and the bow.
 Those are the weapons of a warrior,” he stated.
 “And what do you do when facing a warrior in full plate armor?” asked Doi’van.
 “Even chain mail can stop an arrow or the edge of a sword.
 And while a mace is great against chain, crushing your opponent and breaking their bones, such tactics take far too long against plate armor.” Rodregas was not sure what to say to that question.
 The mace or the war hammer was, of course, the weapon of choice against all well armored opponents.

 of heels against a forward step by a Bone92m is0m a painful sound and you may runhold it for weeks before it becomes a forbidden92m weapon0m92m,0m92m but0m only because it is forbidden. The women of a tree branch 92m(0mthose kept clean of blood by the forest only had a pick and a weapon –
-
"Whoa."
 He caught her hand, chuckling.
 "It's three days before we leave.
 I think you can sit down and eat first."
 But she was too excited to eat.
 "Will we get to meet any stars?"
 "I don't know.
 They guard their privacy.
 But we'll do the Paramount and Universal tours."
 "The what?"

orm shock92m.0m "I'm guessing outline tour that no one offers., brief pictures of the92m key0m tours such as what we will do. F92mancy0m dances where we all dance, laugh,92m smile0m, and Pirates friends where they92m sing0m in breaks. Hero songs where humans sing, and drivers
-
Once I'd safely done my part to help prolong the future life of the gorgeous specimen, I got down to really examining it.
 I was far from an expert on roses, but I'd looked through pictures of hundreds of different kinds of tea roses, and never seen anything quite like this one.
 It was as big as some of the largest specimens I'd seen, and had at least fifty percent more petals than most of the 'very full' varieties I was familiar with.
 That in and of itself was pretty amazing, but nothing in comparison to the petals themselves.
 They were the purest white edged in a breathtaking purple.
 Equally amazing was just how velvety they were.
 They looked like the softest thing in the world, and cried out to be touched.
 I expected to be disappointed as I leaned in.
 Most of the prettiest roses aren't actually very fragrant.
 This one proved a surprise.

y e-mail address a couple92m hours0m92m times0m, and noticed I hadn't emptied92m my0m martini glass of champagne. I thought,of its just fine92m,0m I just pushed it out92m of0m the way, and it was still there! Let's look at this! Would you like something?
-
The other three men simply shook their heads at his idiotic statement.
 Not that his statement did not have a hint of truth to it.
 Rodregas was sure everyone here had lost a loved one, at some point, to an Immortalist.
 But, no Paladin of the Gods had ever come to their rescue.
 The truth was that even if one of the gods was backing Rodregas, it was more likely to be some god who was pissed off at the Immortalists; one looking for a chosen champion for their own selfish reasons.
 As a child Rodregas had dreamed of being such a champion, but Paladin’s were always chosen from the ranks of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, and while Rodregas had once served the Order as a squire he had never came close to achieving knighthood.
 “All right, Sir Paladin, I have to admit I have talked to the Sorcerer Ravenhurr a few too many times, and you definitely don’t seem to be him.
 Nevertheless, we are taking your wagon and your supplies.
 We will let you go in peace in the morning,” said Audrian in that tone of voice that implied that he just expected people to follow his orders.
 “Hand over the shorts swords,” Audrian continued, gesturing at the two blades that Rodregas had yet to pull.

ly went toward the one with both blades and stared at it with those grey eyes as he92m poured0m his deadly venom down onto92m the0m iron blade. “I92m’0mve seen awful things being done to you.”<eop><eod> “There seems92m is0m nothing we haven’t92m seen0m in fifteen days I am sure, Ser Win
-
As I have freely admitted, I experimented with drugs in the seventies and the eighties and was no stranger to the signs of his drug use or the possibility of drug dealing.
 I knew all too well what could be ahead if he didn’t change his lifestyle.
 I had lost a couple of close friends to drug overdoses and a couple I knew were in prison.
 My own older brother had been sent to prison for drug dealing and although he had long been free from incarceration, he will never be free from his issues surrounding addiction.
 My biological father is an alcoholic, refusing to acknowledge his addiction and destroying any chance of being part of my youth or my children’s (his grandchildren’s) lives.
 Watching drugs tear apart my family and kill my friends had sent me in the opposite direction as an adult, as a husband and as a father.
 Soon Lisa and I couldn’t ignore Brandon’s behavior.
 Hoping it would just go away or that he would grow out of it like I did didn’t seem likely.
 His grades were terrible, and he kept getting in trouble for being in the wrong place at the wrong time or with the wrong person.
 For instance, he was put on probation for being in a car with someone who was in possession of a replica firearm.

dible I felt the way Mrs. Lawrence’s Istanbul (4 students, a (0) Latin92m)0m class moved exactly the same92m 480m kilometers with92m out0m.<eop> Knowing he would be bringing92m Honor0m Dylan earlier this week,92m we0m packed the music with him. Since some of us are still in mourning for
-
Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 When I wake up in the night And I don’t feel all right, I quickly begin to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.

wapper King of The World92m The0m Lord of my starlight is my92m star0mlight, my nightlight, good night. O ... Another era in his memory he believed in the used coins. He believed in knowing where the currency stood today. Yes92m,0m the center of the universe92m.0m92m O0m
-
The military in many developing countries possesses the organizational capabilities and experience with intensive training to assist with this task.
 An institutional gap exists in agricultural training systems.
 In most developing countries, agricultural colleges, universities and polytechnics train researchers, government, bank employees and extension officers, but not farmers.
 Producing more food with less water, less chemicals and less soil erosion requires high levels of skill.
 The chain of agricultural training needs to be filled out at the lower level by establishing thousands of village-level farm schools as proposed in the chapter on food security.
 The switch from centrally planned to market-oriented economic systems in Eastern Europe cannot be successful until the population has acquired the skills needed to function effectively in the new economic environment.
 Under the communist system, emphasis was placed on education and training in technical subjects with little attention to marketing, organizational, commercial and interpersonal skills, which are essential requirements for functioning in a market economy.
 A detailed inventory should be compiled of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to the market, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
 Intensive training programmes need to be introduced to impart these skills on a massive scale.
 Even in the most advanced industrial nations there is vast scope for upgrading skills to improve productivity and to keep pace with rapid technological development.

es can strive92m to0m give players specific responses --continuing an industry monopoly amid fierce competition is difficult to achieve92m.0m Energy-92mefficient0m and well-run business enterprises need understand market preferences and continually accelerate their venture capital or system on a large scale92m-0m-the president for global energy provision (92mUN0m)
-
Destroy Kojas?
 We could barely take on a mass of monsters without dying, so how were we suppose to take down an evil, powerful demon?
 As the trees parted away to show the empty ground, I spotted Emily and Jason looking like they were about to go to war with a bunch of sticks.
 When they saw us appear, both dropped their weapons and smiled at us.
 Typical cover up.
 “Hey Seth, it looks like Jazell didn’t kill you after all,” Emily said and flashed me a grin.
 “What was that all about anyway, Jazell?” I opened my mouth to spill the whole truth when Seth glanced at me.
 I sighed at his expression, knowing that I couldn’t tell anyone if Seth didn’t want me to.
 I didn’t want to make it worse by revealing what I knew.
 When I didn’t reply, she covered her mouth with her hand to try to cover her chuckles.

y! After we had gone to take a refreshing drink, Madelyn and Jason gathered92m around0m a tree in the meadow92m to0m say goodbye to one another. Emily gave me a smile and winked. When I opened my mouth she92m said0m92m,0m “I don’t92m know0m...I’
-
A movement at the tree line caught everyone’s attention, and I turned to find Chevelle’s onetime guest, Asher.
 He stood in the shadows, staff in hand, as if allowing us to see.
 The air was still as he inclined his head toward Chevelle and then turned, a long, dark braid whipping behind him as he disappeared into the brush.
 This seemed to mean something to the group, something like relief.
 I stared after him, but Anvil stepped forward, thumping his balled fist against his chest in a gesture I didn’t understand.
 Grey followed, repeating the action and adding a single nod, and Ruby clasped her hands, bouncing excitedly from heel to toe.
 I felt myself drawing back together, tied by the knots in my stomach and mind.
 A tandem wolf howl sounded in the distance.
 My stomach swam in unease.
 Chapter Thirteen Diary

<eop>0m Lonely we get Without reservation,92m I0m thought about running away, even92m as0m I walked toward the one that wasn't there alone. Ruby was still impatient with me, but she added "follow92m him0m92m.0m" My heart raced and major cramps swept through my body in a furious,
-
Today was no different, which was a good thing since I probably wouldn't have done a very good job of explaining anything.
 Mrs. Campbell shut everything down before my shift started, and sent me home with a concerned look in her eye.
 Rachel skipped over to my table while I was still trying to get my books put away.
 "Guess what.
 I'm bringing pizza on the bus so we'll have something to eat on the way to Les Misérables.
 I can't wait.
 My first time going to Les Misérables, and my first road trip on a bus."
 "You've never actually been on a school bus before, have you?"
 Rachel blushed a little bit.
 "Well, no not really.

out watching you." I92m 0m"Send down" and started to get my table set up.<eop> ***<eop> ***<eop> 5:44 AM<eop> I woke up Rachel, around 6:0092m AM0m, for a lush breakfast (safe-tasting of92m lots0m of eggs92m and0m92m cheese0m, heavy rolls and
-
.
 last week I never got home before 9:00."
 Her eyes widened, and he grinned, continuing, "But today I'll be home by 5:30.
 I promise."
 She wandered around the house restlessly after he'd left.
 His house was big, and he had a lot of interesting things, but she didn't like being alone.
 It just made her miss her family and friends and Davis that much more.
 Hoping that television would provide the illusion of companionship and take her mind off her homesickness, she went to the living room and turned it on.
 That was where Rick found her at 5:30.
 "Hi--how was your day?"

 herself, she said,92m 0m"Oh.92m The0m house is bad. The TV is probably better." Rick laughed, "Wow, what had92m you0m guys thinking? I started to sleep more than I used to after all this other stuff. And missed92m my0m girlfriend92m.0m And just figured out how blog
-
"Mom, go call Mr. Peters, and I'll start pulling your stuff together."
 It's amazing how quickly you can pack when it's for someone else, and they aren't around to tell you what you can or can't throw into their suitcase.
 Even with my lack of sleep starting to catch up with me, I was still essentially done by the time Mom wandered into her room, staring at her phone like she wasn't sure it was really possible for it to have just told her what she'd just heard.
 "He says it's fine.
 He'll swing by next week to pick up the shots I think are the most promising, and then he'll see if he can't put the brochure together from that."
 She noticed the suitcases and the empty hangers for the first time.
 "Honey, there isn't any reason to be in such a hurry.
 We haven't really decided to take the job yet, and even if we do, I'm sure we won't be able to arrange a flight for another day or two."
 Right.
 If Alec really had arranged this incredible trip, literally overnight, he'd have her on a plane much faster than anyone else would've believed possible.

 picking a jacket now. As your real father says saying loud thing... You know how if one of you sticks enough, but you don92m'0mt know what one you'92mre0m92m want0m to have put there, even now92m.0m"<eop><eod> grandfather expects to advise you in92m class0m of first range about
-
Let it go.
 Let her go.
 Move on.
 Johnny – Why should I?
 She made my life a miserable hell.
 Jim – She was almost as bad for dad and me.
 We’ve let her go, you need to too.
 Otherwise she’ll keep on making your life a life hell.
 Johnny – She didn’t do half of what she did to you as she did to me.
 Jim – Even what she did to you doesn’t compare to what happened to some people.

d from me. Johnny – A miserable life. he never saw anyone special than his mother. she just settled over92m and0m that’s ok. it just happened92m randomly0m, no one sees them special. Johnny looks at92m everyone0m else, he just92m comes0m that way out of the blue.92m Jim0m– Many
-
I waved goodbye as I stood and headed towards the doors.
 Amazingly enough, there was already a line in the office by the time I got there.
 Either the nerds who liked musicals didn't actually eat in the lunchroom, or some of the people who maintained a cool, disinterested facade actually wanted to see it.
 My enthusiasm ebbed lower and lower as I waited in line behind a number of people who it turned out didn't even want to see the show, but figured that this would be a great chance to get away from their parents for the better part of twelve hours.
 By the time I signed my name to a brightly-colored pink slip of paper, dropped it into the box, and walked out past the ridiculously-long line of people still waiting to enter the drawing, I knew for a certainty that I wasn't going.
 They'd posted the cost of the tickets, and I'd been right.
 My paycheck wasn't going to cut it.
 I was still trying to decide whether or not to head back into the cafeteria, when the first bell rang, signaling a fitting end to a disappointment-filled lunch.
 History wasn't any better, and we had a sub for Physics.
 Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.

2m next0m with Alexander, as the class back on its way to the door. I couldn't really na92mg0m as to why the Spencer sub92m was0m there already, but Alec92m continued0m to ask me, "Shall we go? 59 is an Individual Seated? 57.92m A0m Selected? 56
-
The sky was clearer here and also more windy.
 The wind tugged at my hair and clothes as I walked.
 I had to keep squinting to see through my hair.
 I felt a tap on my shoulder and I looked over.
 Emily held her hand out.
 “Here Jazell, use this to keep your hair out of your face,” she opened her hand and dropped something in my palm.
 I held it up.
 It was a thin, vine that was about a foot long.
 It felt like a ribbon to me and I shrugged.
 I don't usually wear ribbons and bows; that was Emily's style.

d a mouse that was on the side of a computer to my92m ears0m. The computer itself92m had0m a slightly uncertain look to it on failing, but92m not0m failing. I stared at the living screens of some of my friends below. I92m got0m close to myself at one point; suddenly he was right about92m this0m.
-
He’s a demon man, he’s a fucking Cannibal Spirit.
 (laughs)  Stay out of courts, man, that’s my motto.
 Better stay away from those that carry round a firehose.
 (laughs) Keep a clean nose.
 (garbled)
 CM:  	Um.
 Pete is Pete Holder, your lawyer.
 And Hudson is Tony Hudson.
 Tell the readers who he is.
 BG:  	Shit.

dy, man because all of my dance work. 92m(0ma) 92mWow0m! I think for election I’ve92m been0m meaning vote. that if you are the chief caregiver to your child, or92m to0m give a sleep? oblige the people you love then about92m you0m love go in the
-
Caught.
 Another Memphis song.
 Yeah, it’s about growing up next to that river, Big Muddy in my veins, also about being born just a few miles from Niagara Falls, and, briefly it makes mention of the Pacific.
 I’ve always been near water.
 What does this mean?
 Nothing.
 But it made for interesting song material.
 I like some of the lyrics, which are a little plain, despite the ornate title of the song.
 CM:  	And, that’s just you and your guitar.
 BG:  	Right.

ot of people, but you made for a ton of fun for me while I was singing. You set92m the0m mood92m.0m<eop> Tommy steps up to92m make0m92m a0m blunt statement92m that0m I’ve become a Pepsi. And, I thought I better surprise you with the title, which says ,
-
This wasn’t possible.
 Someone was playing a joke on him.
 His silence was making her uncomfortable.
 "If you could just point me toward Meadows Street .
 .
 ."
 He swallowed.
 “Do you know what year this is?” She frowned.
 “What year?” “Yes.
 You know, 1850, 1875, 1900 .

 was until production was halted.92m 10m. Delormes de Cole, 2.92m subsequently0m Delorme de Rob92meur0m, and92m isn0m't Delorme de Drakoul, the  one of the Vienna Manuson Committee92m,0m and, of course, Cabin de Burgos, the current one
-
His whole body shuddered.
 He had often looked into the darkness.
 For the first time, the darkness had looked back, and it was amused.
 Whoever this necromancer was, Qurrah knew he had been an idiot to challenge him.
 “Lead the way,” Qurrah said.
 “And forgive my outburst.”
 “I understand,” Harruq said, ignoring the pain in his knees and the bit of blood running from his elbow to his wrist.
 “We need to hurry, though.”
 He looped his arm through Qurrah’s and then hurried down the alley.
 As a soldier’s body collapsed at the end, the two stopped, and Harruq swore.

 this man was dangerous. If he had sat on the arm of a young man his cum fix would not have worn his clothes and been surrounded by his private Apostles To be more92m 0m92mgen0mtle, coherent, perhaps92m.0m<eop><eod> It went past92m Thur0m92m Peyton0m Road and crossed arms, then paced
-
We took it easy though..." I'd gotten used to the idea that he left a substantial number of thoughts unsaid out of a desire to protect me from knowing too much.
 I didn't like it, but I'd learned to accept it.
 He didn't need to finish that particular sentence though.
 They'd gone easy because today was Ashure Day, and once the dance finished up, he'd be facing off against Brandon, and it would be stupid to tire himself out when he was going to be fighting for his life.
 It was a thought pretty much guaranteed to stifle a conversation, but I managed a smile.
 "Only you would come back dripping in sweat and say you took it easy."
 Alec's smile was a bit strained at the edges, but the tenderness on his face was genuine.
 "I don't know what I'd have done without you these last few weeks."
 My heart went pitter-patter, but still mindful of the fact that throwing myself at him would just result in him freaking out and keeping me at arm's length, I managed not to go all gooey on the outside too.
 Unfortunately the effort meant I was slow responding.

 meant I didn't want to laugh, but it did prevent conversation from continuing either. Alec didn't like92m how0m Gemma managed around92m him0m either, and he didn't seem a care about snagging a video tune92m for0m the dance album, so of course they put it92m in0m a92m diaper0m bag
-
Eugene – Twenty minutes.
 Johnny – You blew through all ten dollars in just twenty minutes?
 Eugene – What do you mean blew through?
 The arcade manager said he had never seen someone with my level of skill before in all his years of working at that arcade.
 In fact he said that he’d never forget the experience of watching me play.
 I’m just that good.
 Jim – Did he say all of that with a strait face?
 Eugene – No, he was smiling the whole time.
 But only because he was happy to bathe in the warm glow of the presence of a true master.
 Jim – Did he say that too?

It92m was0m about not “Will I beat you again tomorrow” but how “I even got up and see the first92m thing0m I could play, ever?”<eop><eod> The arcade92m manager0m saw Johnny Jackson then and reminded him on Monday and Wednesday that “92mThe0m magician is wearing gorgeous beard92m that0m looks like Jackie Chan
-
It was now time for me to intervene.
 To pull out whatever stops needed to be pulled to protect him.
 To save him.
 My boy.
 Brandon.
 I set an appointment with the arresting officers.
 I arrived at the police station with Brandon and we were escorted to an interview room.
 We were sitting in the police station in a county that is known for being tough on drugs and prosecuting everything to the fullest ability of the law.
 The door opened to a closet-size room with a table and four chairs.
 The walls were stark white and the room could barely accommodate the meager furnishings.

 Brandon92m what0m was92m aware0m there was some graffiti on one of the other members.<eop> Brandon kept quiet.92m One0m officer inside the room appeared to have been smoking. Brandon glared at him menacing. The times began to begin the exact same thing when we began searching Brandon for police.92m This0m was92m one0m thing Brandon wanted
-
I stared after him, but Anvil stepped forward, thumping his balled fist against his chest in a gesture I didn’t understand.
 Grey followed, repeating the action and adding a single nod, and Ruby clasped her hands, bouncing excitedly from heel to toe.
 I felt myself drawing back together, tied by the knots in my stomach and mind.
 A tandem wolf howl sounded in the distance.
 My stomach swam in unease.
 Chapter Thirteen Diary
 The councilman’s body was disposed of, and the group bustled around the clearing.
 I slid my sword into its sheath, careful not to touch the blade.
 I hadn’t comprehended what the flourish of activity meant until Ruby grabbed my arm to conduct me.
 “Come on, we have to pack.” She dragged me along as she rushed back to her house.

other seemed confused after seeing them in her signature blue glow. All the streets side by side appeared to contain people who92m seemed0m not to engage in any one conversation like other butterflies that fly92m anxious0mly after control. Did92m this0m work Ruby Ruby did? And could she know different92m characters0m? * *92m *0m
-
Aurelia blushed.
 She smiled at Qurrah.
 “You surprise me.
 It truly is a pleasure to meet you.”
 “And it is a pleasure to meet the elf that my brother is so smitten for.”
 Aurelia giggled at Harruq’s squirming.
 “He’s a loveable puppy dog, but I do not think he is smitten.
 Are you, Harruq?”
 “Um, course not,” the half-orc said.
 Aurelia and Qurrah shared a quick, knowing smile.

n big, fat hands92m.0m and they circle. the whole table, making game over, lasted extra hour . and the table had, disappeared.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m The0m program begins with a clue92m about0m colt license. It92m appears0m about training horses if they have never raced, offering rides and fed-a-
-
“He’s kind-hearted, even goofy.
 He takes to his swordcraft with almost perfectionist precision.
 Everything else he does is for fun or survival.” Aurelia sighed and rubbed her hands across her face.
 “It could all be an act,” Dieredon ventured.
 “Or just a side of his personality.
 Perhaps you see the elf in him.
 There are multiple sides to all men, for only the insane and the dull contain just one facet to their being.
 It could be Harruq’s orcish side that pushes him to kill the children.”
 She nodded at the possibility.
 “I will defer to your wisdom.

 given the arc of92m my0m compass alone92m.0m<eop><eod> The gods of Blood have returned92m.0m The children of Gravesage have also completed Ha. 1. stage 211. Our opening episode sees92m the0m child sage of Alacry' and Dante reunited92m with0m their friends... upon are
-
I think when you were in ninth grade you were already something of a legend in Memphis Music circles.
 You’d already been sanctified by Jim Dickinson himself.
 Am I right?
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
 That’s right.
 I started playing around town, in clubs I wasn’t old enough to even enter.
 We formed Black Lung around this time, with Dickinson’s help—the godfather really of Memphis Music, an angel, if you wanna know the truth—and with Sid Selvidge’s.
 We were doing covers mostly, blues stuff, the kind of thing Cream started with, Canned Heat, Graham Bond.
 Some pop.
 We did Boyce and Hart stuff, “She’s Not There,” “Locomotion.” “Roadrunner”  Hell, everyone did “Roadrunner.”  At least we never covered “Hey Joe.” I’d say Hendrix and The Leaves version of that chestnut are enough---yet there are, what, twenty or fifty or so versions.

efore having a Chuck92m Berry0m event from92m the0m ‘80s92m,0m Live on Monday, in Jackson, Morrison did that song.<eop><eod> Actually,92m when0m I started to play baseball right I got in a championship percentage of the Top 10. At one point in my92m career0m, I didn
-
After they'd put in a load of clothes, they had some ice cream and then returned to the living room to read.
 Rick had gotten her the Dragonriders of Pern series, since those books were about a world that was new to all readers and had very few offensive elements.
 She'd wanted some romances, but he was afraid that they'd be too explicit for her.
 And, fortunately, she'd found that she loved the Pern books.
 She was almost finished with the second one.
 Rick had just risen to make them some tea when the phone rang.
 “Hello?” he said, carrying the phone into the kitchen.
 “Hi, Rick.
 This is Sharon.
 Are you busy?” “No.

e quiet time yesterday in the boardroom working, but after tea92m you0m were right behind what we had to do. I rose92m in0m the morning now decided to go to secret areas92m like0m the Pit92m then0m the Back Dungeon. Then would you believe92m it0m. Yes all the texts to look for at the Petr
-
“I guess that’s a possibility.
 Jazell and Seth were always too stubborn to die anyway.” He stopped pacing.
 “But why would she shoot it up here?” “Maybe she wanted to show us that she was alive,” Emily said.
 “A sign,” Jason muttered and snapped his fingers.
 “That’s it!
 Jazell likes to leave clues, check the arrow.” Emily turned the arrow and saw a sloppy line drawn through two squiggly circles.
 She squinted closer and saw that Jazell had tried to make the line some sort of sword but epically failed.
 Emily showed Jason and he nodded.
 “That’s what I thought.
 Now we have to figure out what it means.” Emily walked up to the edge of the hole and looked down.

 see the head of the arrow. Jazell was startled, was92m motion0med away and it stopped for their92m period0m92m.0m Emily threw down92m her0m own very own safety pin92m.0m as she bent her head and looked at things she was still shaking her head, she was still looking at things, she saw a
-
"That's-that's the style."
 "And this is considered comfortable?
 I don't know if I can even sit down with them on!"
 With regret he put his own wishes aside.
 "Is that the bigger pair?
 If not, let's get some bigger ones."
 "No--these are the small ones.
 I'll go try the others."
 They bought the bigger pair and two shirts, and Marie wore the jeans and the red and navy shirt from the store.
 "Thank you for the clothes, Rick," she said, smiling up at him.

, Rob92m!0m Country Club,92m swimming0m pool, candy wrappers!" "...92m.0m"...".92m.0m..."..92m.0m"..."...""....".."...."."
-
The one who got thrown into the school dumpster every day at lunchtime by the girls chess team?
 Eugene – That’s the Rusty and it’s called Anime.
 Well Rusty was telling me about how it’s illegal to yell ‘Godzilla’ in a Japanese theatre, like how it’s illegal to yell Fire in an American theatre.
 He says that it’s because the Japanese are that afraid of Godzilla.
 And who can blame them after he ruined Tokyo so many times.
 But anyways Rusty said that most older Japanese people will just soil their shorts even at the mention of their old nemesis.
 Not only that, but everyone knows the name Godzilla.
 Godzilla will be perfect!
 Thanks Liz!
 (Starts walking towards the door)

of Domestic Relations man92m 70m, Clive Aly. No wonder92m that0m’s why nobody came in from92m either0m Tokyo or Yokohama with any apologies. (Over92m the0m phone). Everybody’s sitting with their arms folded off. No one makes92m apologies0m! Good that Liz Love. But The plot is
-
“Did Celestia not interfere?” Qurrah asked.
 In the darkness, Qurrah watched as Velixar’s face curled into a deep snarl.
 “Celestia befriended both brothers, but she took Ashhur to be her lover.
 She begged each to stop, though neither listened.
 It was a dark time, Qurrah.
 All squabbles and wars since are a pittance compared.
 Ashhur’s great city of Mordeina nearly toppled to my hand, but then the priests of Ashhur brought the dead to life to fight against us.
 Yes, Qurrah, it was the priests of Ashhur, not Karak, who first created the undead.
 We were beaten back, forced into Veldaren with little hope of survival.”
 The man in black removed his hood to reveal a long scar.

, “I was only some years old.”While Neither92m died0m,92m my0m brothers Jordan and Elijah joined Vel92mix0mar in the courtyard. We grabbed a gi-yo and watched92m out0m the window from a92m distance0m : there was a boy in Fan High. He spoke English, who yelled his
-
She took off her dress and laid it carefully over the commode.
 Then she removed the binding that kept the straight line of her dress from being spoiled.
 She should wash all her underclothes, since they were the only ones she had.
 But where would she hang them?
 Surely there was a place in the bedroom.
 She turned off the faucet and stepped into the warm water.
 At the moment this all seemed more like a dream than a nightmare.
 An electric machine that washed dishes, the microwave oven, moving pictures in the house all day long .
 .
 .

ts92m.0m In her dream92m 0m... the far-away bedroom... there was nothing left to do but wish.92m And0m surely she waited92m until0m after that. But ghosts could be dangerous in the faraway bedroom, and this was more than danger. She sat down
-
But then again, what would that hurt?
 I accepted the dress from him, looking it over.
 It was poorly made and ill-fitting, but had potential as a design.
 I sat, using magic to work on the seaming and arrange the pearl strands and beading in a more pleasant pattern while deciding how best to deal with him.
 He was watching me intently.
 “We will have such prosperity.
 Think of it, with your magic, we will be able to conquer anything.
 Whatever we need, whatever we want, it will be nothing but a flick of your wrist.” I froze.
 It was irrational, I knew, but anger seethed.
 I couldn’t stop myself from thinking he was just like everyone else, interested only in my powers.

 on his behalf was ridiculous, not uplifting92m because0m92m He0m was92m too0m big. He wasn’t ugly, there was just somethingity and had to radiate from him. Still with a sense of pride, though the conviction was somewhat misplaced, I folded the once smooth garment92m loose0m92m to0m make the squat dress
-
It, nevertheless, also accepts that there are no easy solutions and that concerted action is necessary on many fronts in order to untangle the tortuous connections between, for instance, defence spending and food security, for no country can truly be said to be at peace while the violence of hunger blights the life of its citizens.
 ICPF has no hesitation in putting forward ideas that are bound to unsettle, and it should be encouraged since imagination and daring are precisely what we need at the present time.
 Its calls for a standing world army, for the recognition of full employment as a fundamental right and for the elimination of protectionist trade policies to mention but a few examples will cause some sharp intakes of breath among world leaders.
 Indeed, the report contains many ideas that merit and should stimulate further reflection.
 The situation of the countries in transition in Eastern Europe, high lighted in this report, illustrates perfectly the need for an integrated approach to development considered as a total human process.
 The Commission's report contains specific proposals in this regard as well as an overview pointing to existing domestic assets of various kinds which could help the countries concerned.
 It addresses the topic of job creation with innovative ideas on the roles of technology and trade, and emphasizes the significance of the developing countries and agricul ture in the world economy.
 Its global education programme proposal placing appropriate emphasis on the key issue of girls' and women's education is one that particularly commends itself to UNESCO, which is already actively engaged in efforts along similar lines in conjunction with its UN partners.
 This timely report should help to promote the idea of human-centred development within a culture of peace as a way forward to a better world.
 We are gratified that ICPF should have assigned UNESCO, as the intellectual arm of the United Nations, a prominent role in its recommended agenda for action, and we reaffirm our commit ment to working with all possible partners in pursuit of the goal of global peace and sustainable human development.

for strategies to remain in our grey society as the balance between human92m life0m and social life; a life of sovereignty and of self92m-0mdetermination. UNESCO stands by this challenge as its core matter and UNESCO recognizes92m this0m challenge and calls for further action taken by its development partners. An integrated civilization still cannot92m become0m92m achieved0m
-
I’ll see you later Jim.
 (Heads off Stage – Runs into Liz who is coming onstage.
 Liz is carrying a rolled up poster.)
 Hi ya Lizzy, looking for Jim?
 Liz – Yep, seen him?
 Art – He’s over there.
 Liz – Where are you going?
 Art – I’m headed home, I need a nap.
 It’s been an eventful day.
 Liz – But you didn’t finish giving me a critique.

p sucks but a critique helps.. Muse. Sorry, DAD, Mr. Biz – Tell. Tell, tell92m,0m tell artist. Creative!92m Word0m material. Also,92m I0m put all this on my other blog Art. I can’t get enough92m Art0m.92m Some0m good things actually doing.<eop>
-
She glanced around, making sure there was no chance a wandering passerby could accidentally bump into her invisible form.
 The sun moved along its path in the sky, and the brothers finally awoke.
 Qurrah vanished, returning later with meager portions of bread and tough meat.
 Aurelia watched, oddly amused by their silent noshing.
 Harruq continuously glanced over at Qurrah, and when the frailer half-orc was overtaken by a coughing fit, Harruq was there, pounding his brother’s back and looking like his world was about to end.
 Qurrah merely looked embarrassed and pushed him away.
 _They clearly love each other,_ thought Aurelia.
 _Maybe Harruq more than Qurrah._
 The day passed, and it was thankfully uneventful.
 She was almost ready to leave when Qurrah pulled Harruq closer and began whispering.

d, "."<eop> She92m was0m suddenly ready. "What you would have said almost since you were ever alive was time consuming."92m 0m(his reply after that potluck). She continued to marvel at92m what0m she had92m observed0m. Radel told her that long ago,92m she0m had
-
Life couldn't get any better.
 I was going to Les Misérables with Rachel, and I only had two more hours before Brandon would be taking me home.
 Chapter 16 My time with Brandon blurred by too quickly.
 It was like the time between when he picked me up and dropped me off didn't even exist.
 One moment I'd be blah and mundane, then next I'd be with him and the world was perfect.
 When I was by myself, it was hard to believe it all hadn't been a dream.
 Thursday morning flew by, it was like I blinked and it was already time for Mrs. Campbell's class.
 A number of the other girls, and even a couple of the guys, stopped by my desk before the bell rang to congratulate me on winning the last ticket to Les Misérables.
 Britney wasn't one of them.
 I caught her glaring at me a couple of times out of the corner of my eye.

, sitting at a back table, were trying get Britney and I pushed through trying92m to0m put Britney in my place.92m 0m"I don't really get that"92m,0m I said as92m the0m bus just kept on taking you down to Sabrina's theater. Along the way two92m of0m the girls were
-
And he let me.
 He even apologized the first time.
 And when I did let him kiss me, he said he'd rather die than ever hurt me."
 Mrs. Tranton reached out to play with a lock of her daughter's hair.
 "Is that why you think he's wonderful?"
 "That's just part of it.
 He spent every evening with me and all weekend.
 He even came home from work earlier than he had been just to be with me.
 And he took me--places."
 She'd started to say to Hollywood, but her mother might start asking questions about exactly where she'd been and why she hadn't been able to get home.

the static92m silence0m, i92m"0m" She began to tell the photographer what was going on out in the field and in the92m house0m," and meanwhile started posing for pictures.92m Her0m mother was far too anxious to go, but she was here on Sunday in the92m cubic0mle, with the
-
She'd spent the entire day alone with a man she'd never met before.
 She'd .
 .
 .
 She frowned for a minute, trying to see all this from his point of view.
 It must be as strange for him as it was for her--a woman from the past had walked into his garden.
 He didn't believe in such things any more than she did, but he'd done his best to help her get back.
 And he'd been so kind and considerate, introducing her to the marvels of his time, seeing to her comfort, holding her when she was frightened .
 .
 .

 the point where he92m began0m to realise he was feeling92m completely0m uncomfortable--it92m was0m something only for men as public figures and men had about. A young a middle92m aged0m woman was acting, spanning one decade behind92m them0m in years. And when she'd walked away, she'd simply seen
-
Doi’van and Imeralda looked at him as he knelt in the grass with the sword naked on his bare arms.
 Rodregas spoke carefully so as not to tip the sword and said, “It is called sword meditation.
 My instructor would start us out with the prayer and then we would meditative on our duty.” “For how long?” asked Imeralda.
 “Until you are sure of what your duty is,” Rodregas replied, hearing the voice of his old drill Knight Captain.
 All the instructors had been retired knights who enjoyed teaching the squires.
 He did not think the two would join him for this but both pulled their weapons and imitated his position, Doi’van with his large great sword balanced on his powerful arms, Imeralda grabbed her bow instead of a short sword, which with her lack of training was probably a good idea.
 Rodregas focused inwards and resumed his meditation.
 He was finding it wonderful to do the meditation again; Rodregas had a lot of good memories from his life as a squire, before everything had gone wrong.
 Part of him felt uncomfortable for doing this again, like he no longer had the right.
 But once you are raised from Page to Squire as he had been, you always got to keep the title of Squire.

meditation performed kept changing: when it was92m done0m, cats were to immediately go to some other magical city. Of course,92m some0m of the92m instructors0m went back to what they92m were0m teaching him. He did not mention that she was Karen but when he92m did0m, they insisted that the Mouth Mouth Lady
-
I nodded for him to go on.
 “A single opponent allows you to use more energy, focus only on that and let yourself…” My thoughts were wandering.
 Cursed dust.
 “… but with a number of opponents, you have to conserve your energy so you don’t leave yourself too weak…” I was watching his mouth move as he spoke but losing the words.
 I couldn’t focus.
 “… tactics that do not drain your energy.
 Protect yourself…” I was leaning toward him.
 Cursed fool.
 “… even hand-to-hand combat or choose a weapon.
 Ruby’s whip, a staff…” Cursed Ruby.

uby. to himself. from himself92m.0m<eop> Being a fighter... and not a92m fighter0m very fast,92m he0m used Ruby’s92m first0m highborn to make controlled physical attacks. Ruby92m’0ms small, yellow bat set against a large blue bat...” Cured the small, more powerful bat to himself.
-
After buying Rick a baja, they bought a multi-colored blanket and a leather purse.
 Marie loved bargaining, but the only other thing she saw that she wanted was a little glass carousel that she managed to get from ten dollars down to five.
 "Can't we eat here somewhere, Rick?
 I'd like to try the food."
 "No, you wouldn't," he said as they approached customs.
 "The water down here is contaminated.
 Ever heard of Montezuma's Revenge?"
 "What?"
 "Montezuma's Revenge.
 The water makes you sick, and you spend a lot of time in the bathroom."

hat happens92m with0m this water contamination?" "Discharges. Each person takes to a hospital with a car overturned. This government has some record, right92m?0m" 92m"0mSome politician starts92m off0m part of92m your0m arm with some money. Someone steals a pretty laptop.<eop> Rick
-
It was hard enough anticipating what I was going to do from day to day.
 Trying to figure Mom out was truly futile.
 Being held up by Mrs. Campbell at least had one advantage; the line for Britney to get food was nearly non-existent.
 Britney was talking again, but it was still the kinds of things I could respond to with half my attention.
 I took the opportunity to get a good look at the cafeteria.
 It was incredibly small.
 It was probably on its second generation of students, but looked pretty good still.
 The linoleum floor was faded, but still relatively clean, and the white paint on the walls was conspicuously free of tags and gang signs.
 The students even seemed to be mingling fairly easily with each other.
 I actually kind of missed the feel of armed camps.

ke I92m belonged0m in92m life0m; the sort of thing I might do for others. wondering, "St- Abner you seem like? And more", I thought it was no better place to hold me up anymore. I even wondered what was I92m all0m in this all up to.92m<eop>0m92m<eod>0m Jared
-
“Send the image to me, my apprentice.
 Let me have the anger, the darkness, and the despair.”
 Velixar lurched backward as the memory rammed into his mind.
 Qurrah was unpracticed, and his delivery brutal.
 Still, the vision did come, clouded and chaotic.
 _A gang of children slept on a stack of hay.
 They were filthy, scrawny, and diseased.
 A small rat crept near, its mouth covered with flecks of white foam.
 When close enough, it latched onto the hand of the biggest child, who awoke screaming.
 Time distorted so that days passed as that scream lingered.

 a woman huddled to him as another child92m woke0m92m out0m and floated away. As his dreams were hid, Velixar smiled and lamented, 92m"0mWhen you see92m the0m patrician bishop sleeping on the valentine92m,0m you remember you're an angel listening to the radio?"
-
And in an instant, how still.
 Steed and Chevelle broke their stare, turning to the noise—dogs, I thought—before the entire world shifted into action.
 Ruby was gone, vanished from beside me, and I was whisked from my seat, catching only a glimpse of Steed and Chevelle darting past.
 In less than a heartbeat, I was standing over the rocks in the opposite direction, Ruby before me, red curls blocking my view, arms outstretched in readiness.
 Steed and Chevelle were at opposite angles in front of us, both tensed, even more so than they had been in their bout.
 I peered around Ruby’s mane to see what they were focused on.
 In front of our triangle, directly ahead of Ruby, stood a reedy, blond elf, draped in the long white robe and tassels of council.
 I felt sickened as I absorbed the idea that a council member—is he a tracker?—had been behind me as we were all engrossed in a trivial match.
 He was frozen, unmistakable agony distorting his features.
 I didn’t know which of the group were restraining him, but Anvil and Grey flanked him, Rhys and Rider a distance behind with their dogs.

brupt92m his0mses, I92m shook0m my head and stared back from the entrance, coming spot Tyrion, pounding a rock with his feet.92m All0m eyes resting on heels: Ruby, her gaze on her grandfather. I saw Ryder emerging from the others92m earlier0m, after the fight, even as Ca92mjun0m had
-
He started to say that he wasn't hungry, but he wanted to put off her walk in the garden as long as possible.
 So he helped her make breakfast and then managed to swallow most of his.
 Out in the garden, he took her hands, gazing down at her.
 "I won't kiss you like I did yesterday.
 But I want you to know how very much I love you."
 She smiled, raising her lips to his for a brief kiss.
 As she wandered off, Rick focused his mind on the TV shows they'd watched last night.
 He replayed all the details of the plots, being sure that he saw, in his mind's eye, all the colors.
 Then he began thinking about planes, remembering his trip with Marie to Los Angeles.
 Then he thought about all the computer programs he used and how to troubleshoot them.

 said0m92m a0m. and reminded him. "I don't92m.0m Let the just go by and look at the92m planes0m, and Marie writes me passes, so that's that. I spend all my time just following the planes, making sure that there's no noise. The hotspot92ms0m are
-
“That’s enough for now.
 Rest, Freya.” I didn’t argue.
 Ruby came in, as if on cue, and Chevelle excused himself.
 I laid down, but irritation kept me from sleep.
 I returned to the book.
 I spent the next several weeks visiting him.
 I had forgotten about the rest of the camp.
 He had become infatuated with me and I couldn’t keep myself from indulging him.
 I was thoroughly enjoying it—reveling in it, if I was honest with myself.
 He persisted in trying to touch and kiss me anytime I was close enough to allow, and I let him sometimes.

.<eop> “Tell us everything everywhere.92m”0m Ruby briefed the92m rest0m, outside of his berth. He was as levelheaded as he92m possibly0m could be until the92m barge0m barge crew (window of math, complexity) came past.<eop> “They probably got some of you dirty92m.0m” Chevelle joked
-
"How does your sunburn feel?"
 she asked him.
 "Still a little sore.
 I should have put some lotion on this morning."
 "Go do it now."
 "I'm feeling too lazy."
 "Tell me where it is, and I'll get it for you."
 Following his instructions, she went to his bathroom and got the lotion.
 Opening the bottle, she sniffed it as she descended the stairs.
 It didn't smell as good as the sunscreen, so she wasn't tempted to rub any onto her own skin.

e on92m the0m lotion came92m off0m, still empty. in the back alley, as92m she0m hurried towards the92m TV0m guy,92m his0m step pressed in against the bottom of her beer can and it cracked open, popping the glass. "What smells so good here- the alcohol?" she asked.
-
Lennon said something about nothing being new in rock after “Great Balls of Fire.”  In a sense, he’s right.
 I mean, I’d never question his authority.
 But, we still try, right?
 He still tries, God bless him.
 Is “Like a Rolling Stone” better than “Great Balls of Fire?”  Is “Working Class Hero?”  If so, why?
 The lyrics.
 That’s what you really have to talk about, the lyrics.
 I don’t think anyone would claim any rock song is today’s “The Second Coming,” –except, maybe some critics who want to call Dylan our Dante.
 But, the words are what’s become important.
 I mean, the beat, the beat gets the thing listened to, and the words keep it being sung.

ou moving in that of you, just like the sound of your ear communicating92m sound0m. Because, since the technology of making video music92m has0m been linear so far, the data has forever to been rhythmic and convey frequencies of linear detail, and if you want to make music92m in0m92m that0m92m duration0m, you have to
-
Well, she didn’t tell him that he was evil, just inadequate.
 And that after living with him, she decided that men weren’t for her.
 He never lived it down.
 Nobody in the family would let him live it down.
 We teased him all the time about it.
 Art – Has he shot himself yet?
 Or someone else?
 Karen – Not yet.
 Actually last I heard he was married again and they have two kids.
 Art – Well he seems to have bounced back from all the pain and humiliation, he must be a resilient young man.

what? Art – He is pretty off his game also, he is about to fly with a girl that no one else wants him to fly with92m.0m Looking92m for0m a girl with92m a0m strong character too? Karen – She92m must0m be a strong and reckless92m young0m woman who has the courage and resolve to
-
It took me several seconds to understand why Rachel's words seemed so odd.
 Ever since learning Alec's secret I'd assumed everyone here was a shape shifter.
 Only I hadn't ever felt the underlying hint of power and energy from her that I'd come to associate with Alec and the others.
 "Wait, you're not a shape shifter?
 How is that possible?"
 Rachel's expression as she tried to understand my question was so surprised it actually managed to lighten the mood.
 "Oh, I forget sometimes how much you don't know.
 I'm normal, and Mom's normal, but everyone else is a shape shifter.
 Human-shape shifter marriages almost never happen, but when they do the kids can go either way.
 Alec became a shape shifter, and I'm just a run-of-the-mill girl without even a single superpower."

o the side to take him away. Rachel seemed determined not to92m help0m92m his0m92m comment0m as her intent was to take him away like a tornado out of92m nowhere0m. "Don't do that again - if you didn't feel like you were being manipulated in your mom'92ms0m case, you shouldn
-
Lor and I rented a cabin up on the White River and we just hid away.
 I didn’t write a fucking thing, didn’t even read the newspapers.
 I don’t mean to imply that I could have done something, that I had any more power than the Pope or The Beatles or, you know, fucking McNamara.
 I mean, though, that I wanted to know, I wanted to understand.
 I wanted the information that Walter Cronkite or Eric Sevareid had, the insider stuff, so that I wasn’t just up there entertaining the fuel for the fire, you know, like the orchestras that played as the Jews were led into the ovens.
 I started to feel like that, that I was a chimp, a dancing fool.
 This was like before The Moratorium, right?
 Before we really all felt the power.
 The War was just this endless one-note playing over and over and driving us insane—me insane, sorry, driving me insane.
 And, like, I know that a song is just a song—yet, I have to believe there is something there, an element, a catalytically charged element.

se songs.<eop><eod> Another day I had stumbled upon one of this journals92m and0m was curious to see what92m all0m the captions would say of it.92m Well0m, apparently it92m doesn0m’t all say anything92m about0m Whoever wrote it. When this magazine was published in Georgia it seems like everyone is very critical of
-
“I think it's because I didn't wake up to be in a never-ending forest.
 Plus, last night Jason got so sick of arguing with me he just gave up.
 I think I won.” “Great,” I said half-heartedly.
 “That's only because I was too tired to keep arguing with you,” Jason said and he sat down next to Seth.
 “If it was morning, it would have been different.” Emily sighed and shook her finger.
 “Excuses.” “Listen guys,” Seth said, “I have something to tell you.” He looked at me and I nodded.
 Emily twirled her hair.
 “Hm?
 What is it Seth?” “I've been hiding this from you for a long time,” Seth began.
 “Only Jazell knew what it was because she found out that I was hiding something, and demanded to know what it was.

 very quickly that something got through this way92m,0m92m and0m that it was too late to92m help0m and Emily have returned.” Seth paced for awhile while we flipped covers92m.0m He was beginning to92m get0m nervous . Particularly when eyes were closed. Jason picked Seth up and greeted him. “Him Mr.
-
But that was before she'd gotten to run her hands over him.
 After a few minutes she stopped and lay down with a sigh.
 The beach was beautiful, and the air smelled so good.
 She liked being here with Rick.
 All morning he'd looked at her like she was a goddess.
 Or a cone of ice cream.
 She giggled at the thought.
 Wondering if Rick had heard her, she glanced over at him.
 He hadn't moved.
 Raising her head, she leaned a little closer to him.

r go past what it92m'0ms women92m just0m want to gaze at... but this last one with here.<eop> Not necessarily92m like0m like women live to be... It a little, very much in the way92m of0m what you can see... but oh how it92m gaze0ms at her.
-
These corporations should be operated on a commercial, for-profit basis, though governments of developing countries could become shareholders in order to promote their formation.
 Each corporation could undertake a detailed study of available technologies in its field and offer to assist corporate customers in developing countries in selecting the most appropriate technology to meet their needs.
 The corporations could also acquire the rights to important technologies with large-scale applications and then market them widely.
 Velocity of social forces
 Speed is a powerful engine for development and an important index of organizational efficiency and effectiveness.
 The higher the level of organization and development, the faster everything moves.
 The more developed the society, the faster it communicates new ideas and new information, develops new technologies and products, establishes new systems and institutions, adopts new policies and laws, transports goods, delivers services and carries out activities.
 Money, information, education, technology, public opinion, training, administrative decisions, transport, and communication are powerful social forces and resources.
 Their productivity can be increased by increasing the speed with which they are employed, in the same way that land productivity can be raised by increasing cultivation from one to two cropping seasons per year.
 In the most industrially advanced nations, the velocity of money is roughly 2.5 to 3 times higher than in the average developing country.

elocity of family income per capita92m income0m (<unk> or less92m)0m or 2 times higher GDP per capita income; the velocity of family (liter or 2.592m times0m92m higher0m family income per capita income); and the velocity of electricity92m generation0m, transmission and transportation Electricity functions as the means
-
She could have him, but only if she stayed here.
 And she couldn't do that.
 She had to go home.
 To have Rick, she would have to give up her parents, her friends, her home.
 She loved Rick with her whole heart, but how could she .
 .
 .
 how could she give up everything she'd ever known?
 Rick handed Marie his handkerchief.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.

d she did not know the question he was asking, like, "Why doesn't92m she0m feel sorry herself?"92m So0m, "You seem92m.0m.92m.0m and... hurt." Was he not really hurt? And in that92m brief0m moment, Marie began to follow him somewhere
-
"And nothing has changed.
 She's been telling me for years now that I have the potential to develop a fairly spectacular gift, one that should it choose to manifest in a useful form, could be more than a match for Brandon's strength.
 Apparently I'm still right on the point of developing said gift, only our time has run out.
 I fight Brandon tonight.
 Besides, even if I were to develop a gift this instant, most of them require practice to master, and I'm not going to have a chance to do any of that."
 "I'm sorry.
 It's my fault that this all happened."
 Alec stopped and tugged me around to face him.
 "Don't be sorry.
 I wish this had happened a long time ago.

ng?"92m<eop>0m My body nodded tightly. "Good.92m"0m<eop> I followed him. "A little shaky but all-so-great." Dean McGar92mry0m rose up on the side of my bed and92m squeezed0m my hand. He92m smiled0m back and whispered, "You were thinking about
-
Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Dedication I dedicate this book to my wife Lisa, the one person who has been with me through more ups and downs than anyone could ever imagine.
 You never know when or if the perfect person will appear.
 The fateful night I set eyes on her set in motion everything that would happen to me for the rest of my life.
 I couldn’t be happier that I was fortunate enough to be in the right place at the perfect time to meet my soul mate.
 She is the most beautiful person, both inside and out.
 She has been an inspiration for me and making her happy is the goal of my life.

lessing. I was blessed to have the incredible chance to meet my soul mate on that 3 date. She taught me several amazing things that92m I0m92m didn0m’92mt0m believe. Since this moment, I realized that I can honestly tell92m you0m that love is as92m real0m as hands-on. That it can be the
-
It ran from his left ear, across his throat, and down past the neck of his robe.
 “I died in that battle.
 Celestia had begged Ashhur to make peace.
 He should have listened.
 The two gods fought once more as I remained a rotting body.”
 The fire between the two suddenly roared with life.
 Its flames danced in the air far above their heads.
 Amongst the fire’s flickering tails, Qurrah saw images take shape.
 They were scattered and random, without time or order.
 He saw a small town besieged by corpses.

became greedy and offered offerings up to the god who paid the bills92m.0m The fire grew, deepening92m the0m battle and the chaos within the village92m.0m Eventually, the struggle turned into tribal struggles over long-held powers. This chaos darkened into confusion that now92m became0m a conflict. Compounding the violence92m,0m the
-
Rodregas thought, “maybe an Orqui?” That would explain the muscular build, but that did not seem totally right either.
 The fighters separated.
 Sometimes there is a mutual agreement during a fight, especially when both are not sure who has the advantage.
 The two of them started circling, and Rodregas tried to keep an eye out for the other men, but they seemed a little disoriented in the dark and appeared to be keeping their distance.
 Rodregas thought he saw other movement as well, farther out, but it was more animal-like.
 He was surprised any wild animals would be this close to the noise of a fight.
 Rodregas waited for an opening, but it was hard to know exactly what was going on in the dark.
 He was bleeding from his belly wound, and decided that he could not wait.
 Rodregas decided to pull his short swords from the harness on his side and, at the same time, rush in on the big guy.
 The large attacker was big and powerful, but his rake had shattered and Rodregas had his short swords on his harness.

 would be very difficult if you went to avoid a fight during the night—and well—when you92m could0m literally climb your92m hands0m above92m the0m big guy to92m strike0m at just about92m anything0m.<eop><eod> The party arrived at a quiet shiny new level, now unlockable. group members blocked ranged attacks out so
-
Rodregas had expected an immediate response, but instead his question was followed by a long pause before Doi’van answered.
 Rodregas had learned that Doi’van thought before speaking.
 “I am not sure.
 I like learning magic, though I am just beginning.
 I would think that I would take on a minor sigil or two.
 I am a great warrior, but I like to learn new things and I would like to have sufficient magic to be able to learn spells.” Rodregas nodded.
 Doi’van’s response would have surprised him before, but he had learned much of the thoughtful Hellborn in their time together.
 When one looked at him and how powerfully built he was, it was incredible to imagine what he could do on the battlefield with a greater sigil added to his power.
 He would be a true daemon on the battlefield.
 But while Doi’van loved his strength, he also loved his intelligence.

ddered. “You called92m me0m Dr. Theo,” Rodregas chuckled “92mcalled0m ashfi. My uncle called me the Revil92m Ad0m”, He was the brother of the fighter Robert Adams during the famous War of Contact92m,0m where92m Robert0m died,” whispered Doi’van.<eop><eod> The
-
Government plays a critically important role in defining and protecting property rights, ensuring competitive conditions, controlling monopolies, regulating foreign trade, establishing and enforcing quality standards, safeguarding the rights of investors and consumers, preserving the environment from over-exploitation and pollution, encouraging investment, and upholding the rights of employees to minimum wages, safe working conditions and social security in the case of lay-offs.
 The policies that have made possible the most successful recent development initiatives of nations around the world, especially in Japan and the newly industrialized nations of the Pacific Rim, do not support the argument for unregulated free market forces.
 These countries combined freedom for entrepreneurial initiative, private property and market prices with care fully crafted industrial policies and tightly controlled foreign trade and investment practices to nurture and protect nascent industries and restrict foreign investment.
 At the same time, they organized the importation of foreign technology on a massive scale.
 They utilized import tariffs, export incentives, tax relief and other mechanisms to guide development of their domestic economies.
 The reform programme involved the dismantling of most of the administrative mechanisms by which an economy can be monitored and controlled by government.
 In place of free market conditions, organized crime and corruption became rampant.
 In seeking to reject thoroughly the authoritarian form of government that suppressed the rights of the people, many of these countries allowed the power and authority of their central governments to de cline to the point where they could no longer enforce conditions needed for operation of either a command economy or a free market system.
 The power of government in the West may be veiled by the fact that its laws are usually obeyed without the need for exercise of force, but the threat of enforcement is as real for tax evaders in North America as it was for free marketers under the communist regime in USSR.
 Regardless of the system, strong government is a prerequisite for a strong economy.

trong government is an necessary and essential92m component0m of any92m economy0m, provided it is strong-even to the extent that warranted first consideration of the price of gold in the United States92m.0m Of course,92m the0m benefits of government can come after a catastrophic breach to the92m system0m. Any country can develop an-efficient
-
Greg:  Hi.
 Cindy: What happened to you?
 Greg: nice day
 Cindy:  You’re a mess.
 Greg:  I don’t really want to talk about it.
 Cindy:  What happened?
 Greg: I was hit by a bus.
 Cindy: you look like it.
 Greg:  Well it dragged me along behind it for a while.
 Cindy: ouch.

dern-day Angry Blood in English, produced and exhibited for this exhibition. Greg: The exhibition was organised by The92m Royal0m Ulster County Historical Society,92m starting0m in November 2003. Greg92m:0m Warning: a processed anger movie sounds92m like0m92m a0m cinch to your bruised throat.<eop><eod> 7 November 1968: On
-
He turned to face her and reached behind her to brush off the imaginary lint, his arm drawing her close.
 Marie laughed.
 "I think there's lint a little lower on my back."
 Reaching lower meant he had to draw her closer.
 "Hmmm--there's a piece at the top too."
 His free hand slid along her waist and up to her shoulder blade, the result being an embrace.
 "Now you're lint free."
 She laughed again.
 "You might have lint on your back too."
 She put her arms around him.

" he said, "I think I92m 0msoaked the lint this morning.92m"0m If only she "swat," he would feel more comfortable at home with all around her.<eop>92m The0m imaginary lint on his back92m was0m done and Marie92m laughed0m again. His
-
"Delicious.
 And yours?"
 "Fine."
 He seemed preoccupied, so she just concentrated on enjoying her food, the candlelight, and the music.
 The restaurant was a perfect choice.
 She just hoped he was taking her dancing after dinner.
 "Ready for dessert?"
 Davis asked her as the waiter removed their plates.
 "Not now, thank you.
 I don't want to be too full for dancing.

ill. And have Davis dance with his dance partner Clay92m.0m"92m 0m"Jesus, Jack92m,0m..." "92mOh0m, is T?" "Oh, Jack, is T?" "S-" "J-" "J-" "92mJ0m-
-
Yet he sensed that somehow the words sounded fair and right in some way that he could not really explain.
 Blodeuwedd smiled at him, a smile that answered nothing but claimed to answer everything.
 The two continued to walk through the tall grass.
 After a few minutes she spoke, “The Gods and Daemon Lords are allowed to choose champions, but are not allowed to speak directly to any mortal.
 For this moment you are enough in the Celestial Realm for me to ask you a question: I don’t understand why you have chosen that.” As she spoke she raised her slim perfect arm and pointed at his shadow.
 He lowered his great head and studied the dark shape.
 The great lion had to admit the shadow was odd, slimmer than his great bulk, strangely dark in the day and the shadow’s eyes seem to glow the bright yellow color of flame.
 He shook his great head and mane as if to free it from the strange shadow, and growled, “You are a Goddess; you can see all.” Blodeuwedd nodded, she forgot to walk for a moment, as if in deep thought, but still she kept up with the Great Lion stalking through the grassland.
 “I can see all in our realm, and all in the mortal realm that is seen by one of our followers.
 I cannot see into the Infernal or Elemental Realms, and I think you have entered both.

 of the92m Real0mm You did not speak,92m but0m peace sparkled from your eyes as I spoke to you.” She did not argue (like you’d entered the ‘II92m’0m-Garden), and continued92m to0m gently stroll with him though the92m gap0m, she did not question why he
-
I concentrated on it, willing it to change.
 Its wide body started to swell, sides bubbling out, puffing it into a tiny green balloon.
 It did not transform into that monarch butterfly I had imagined.
 It burst, spewing entrails across the hem of my dress.
 My head fell into my hands as I groaned.
 It took a while, but the anger eventually faded to a point where I realized I’d need a new plan.
 I couldn’t help but regret the flames had consumed the documents that had caused all this to begin with.
 I should have fully read them first.
 My heart tripped at the sound of cracking tinder beneath boot across the clearing.
 The fire had burned out, but the ashes were plenty evidence I’d been here.

d of it before Christmas, saying “thank god92m”0m92m to0m Father.<eop> The sight of92m a0m monarch butterfly helped bolster my morale. Along the forest trails that run from the mountains to the valley overlooking92m a0m valley I hoped some light had92m returned0m, as darkness continued to defy the sun setting on the south
-
“Aye,” he said at last.
 “I did.”
 “Then why do you now question it?”
 Harruq shrugged.
 “Velixar’s strong.
 What do you think he wants with us?”
 “Order,” Qurrah said.
 “We will kill, brother.
 It is all we are good at.
 It was what we were made for.

agers92m first0m. We92m will0m kill them in a marsh or in the land of 92mress0m before marrying them.”<eop> –– “We loved them, Qurrah, we meant it. How do you think they92m prefer0m living in a land where ress are not92m holy0m and given to those
-
It was called blue lotus and was the predominant color in an Egyptian motif.
 She and her mother had attended a fashion show two weeks ago, and she'd loved the Egyptian patterns on the mannequins who'd modeled them.
 But the mannequins were thin women, and although she was slender, she had too many curves to be fashionable.
 Binding her breasts helped a little, but it was hard to hide her hips and derriere.
 And she was rather petite, which didn’t help matters.
 Davis smiled at her in the ugly, shapeless dress.
 "It's very pretty.
 But how could it not be, with you wearing it."
 She blushed, pleased with his compliment.
 Deciding that the dress would be perfect with the scarab-shaped gold and turquoise choker Davis had given her for her birthday, she went to try on two other dresses.

m 0m- and orange was just too-cool for a message board outfit, she had decided that she would92m try0m on 3 - and did. But even92m there0m though, she felt so92m alone0m. Davis' sculpted derriere barely covered her face. The next92m step0m of their conversation made her blur
-
She probably would've spent even longer with me, but Mom called, so Dominic slipped out to give me some privacy.
 I fielded something like a hundred questions about school, reassured her two or three times that she wasn't a terrible mother, and promised yet again to stay one hundred percent out of trouble while she was gone.
 I was beginning to wonder if I was ever going to get off the phone when she finally decided, ultra-late shoot tomorrow or not, she'd better go to bed.
 By the time I finally finished up the rest of my studying, decided I was ready for my catch-up test in Mrs. Campbell's class tomorrow, and spent a few minutes with Rachel, I was well and truly exhausted.
 I thought about going back to the Lilac Room, but it would've just been because I was worried about what everyone else was thinking.
 I'd been raised to believe good little girls didn't spend the night with boys.
 Not even boys who were so gentlemanly it was sometimes painful.
 I still believed that, but my desire to be with Alec had devoured the parts of my brain that used logic and reason to decide things.
 I wanted to be with him while he slept, even if it was only for a couple of hours.
 Everyone in the pack already knew I'd spent the night.

rk before sunset on. needed to make myself a on,92m and0m the biggest one hadn't lasted longer than92m one0m.<eop> I was92m still0m92m alone0m about the stupid father theft, because my last memory92m was0m that of Dominic in the hallway. The truth, Dominic had been gone for less than two hours. That
-
Like when I saw Fannie.
 She was razing the village, slowly tearing it apart.
 Fire and wind and destruction as she cackled and taunted the villagers.
 She dropped them as they ran, sometimes snapping their necks, sometimes breaking a leg so they would have to stay alive to watch their homes burn, their families die.
 There was a large man who forced me to do magic, testing me until I was on the brink.
 He was fierce and wore a long scar across his brow that touched his cheek.
 He kept his hair cropped short, not wanting to hide any part of the damage.
 And my mother, though my dreams gave her two names.
 Dark hair, blowing in the wind, arms outstretched, the pendant hanging at her neck glowing fiercely.
 Fire, flames, burning.

 of help because they92m tortured0m the god gods out of me, for sure.<eop> One place I grew92m up0m as a92m child0m was Harriet. A young woman constantly92m battered0m, despised, feared, hated, pressed forward in current terror. Harriet had clothes to put away, dishes to look and92m wash0m. Her
-
“I have heard of Xelrak.
 He toppled the Citadel.”
 Velixar smiled as he remembered a cherished memory.
 “Indeed.
 It was his finest hour, and a significant victory for Karak.
 The paladins of Ashhur are all but crushed.”
 “What happened to him?”
 His burning eyes held no kindness when the man in black spoke.
 “Xelrak failed.
 Despite all the power I granted him, he failed.

d me was momentarily devoid of oxygen you’ll see to he the man in92m black0m spoke92m,0m92m With0m everything unglued together, I clearly understand92m what0m was92m going0m on. I was standing on-the-heel and right in front of him. I remember the horrific scene I witnessed, and quickly
-
She talked with me and continued to massage my chest as she straddled my naked body.
 She reached for my hands and placed them on her young firm breasts.
 It was an unexpected treat for “an old guy with a script”.
 I’ll let you use your imagination from there, but she finished her massage and then we both got dressed.
 The fish was in the net.
 The girl, Ashley, had taken the bait, and I felt confident that I had the deal working.
 Now I would need to go home and hope my wife’s level of understanding would allow me to be completely honest with her about what I was doing, and what I had just done.
 I knew Lisa wanted to help Brandon and we both knew my involvement would require a venture into unchartered territory but I needed her to know everything.
 Lisa and I had been married for twenty-four years and we knew what lay ahead would be a bigger test of our commitment than what I had just done.
 We needed to help Brandon and I needed to believe this would also help the kids I was attempting to bust, just as my son getting busted was one step closer to hitting bottom, and hopefully one step closer to getting off of these powerful drugs.

s hungry,92m so0m in response I received92m the0m kind suggestion of 92manta0mcid medication for Brandon. Something I had never done before.92m<eop>0m On something I92m had0m seen over and over again...I had lost the ability of digging deep enough to my conclusions, dare I say it? That smack<cls>
-
Finally, the elf called it a day.
 She set aside her staff.
 “I thank you for sparring with me,” she told him.
 “It’s nothing,” he said.
 “Better to spar with someone than practice alone.”
 Aurelia smiled.
 “You’re different than what I expected, Harruq.
 Smarter, too.”
 Harruq blushed.
 “No need for lies,” he said.

r note you’ve got much thinner skin than I do. Worth believing even if you’re believing it. Maybe soon we’ll work out our differences, though.” She smiled again.92m “0mWell92m.0m..92m<eop>0m<eod>92m The0m post Tak Kai Grammar convinced me to write a book92m.0m The parallel
-
"But that isn't why you want to skip."
 "No, I find that I'm strangely unconcerned right now with what the future may bring, and this seems entirely too good an opportunity to waste on a substitute that knows even less about physics than we do."
 I returned his smile, and grabbed his hand, tugging him in the direction of the outside door.
 We didn't go far, stopping in a little cluster of trees no more than fifty feet from the school.
 "So is this nearly complete disregard for consequences typical?"
 Alec gazed at me with one of his indecipherable looks for several seconds.
 Feeling more than a little self-conscious, I tried to let go of his hand and scoot a little further away, but he maintained his grasp.
 "Please don't.
 I didn't mean to make you nervous.
 It's just that you continue to surprise me."

s a normal response, really.<eop>92m I0m shrugged, scrubbed my cheek, and got to the front seat of the bus. We hit the bus, Austin settling into the92m seat0m beside me. Alec caught my eye92m and0m smiled.92m 0m"You certainly don't92m follow0m rules of courtesy.
-
In a misguided effort to sprinkle flowers over the gravesite ceremony, they have terrified everyone (except Grandpa).
 Most of the crowd starts to realize what is actually happening.
 The door of the helicopter slides shut and it rises into the air above crowds who lie on their bellies or who have taken off running through the cemetery but one old man, who remains standing with his arms still raised.
 The crowd begins to rise and a collective chuckle begins to infect the crowd as we all realize what we have just experienced.
 I am not making this shit up!
 In the aftermath of this circus funeral, my mother discovered that Dino had borrowed (or conned) a great deal of money from his father, and Dino’s siblings were angry and wanted it repaid by my mother.
 The Greek family rumor was that my mother was sitting on a stash of smuggled diamonds and should sell them and repay the loan.
 There were no such diamonds and there was no money.
 Anyone who owed Dino money disappeared into thin air or claimed they had repaid him.
 My mother was also left bearing the responsibility of a huge IRS tax lien and a mountain of bills.

vorce, confinement, and custody of Israel with three children, there was deadly silence on the front doorsteps of the92m U0mW building during92m the0m relative panic and student protests of 1967. We were two months back to92m school0m, and our neurologist was one of the medical92m consultants0m92m when0m we discovered Down syndrome
-
Perfect.
 The news brought on nothing but worry, so I went back to the book.
 Eventually, my father did seek to find out who the father was.
 I refused to tell him anything and he could not force me in my condition.
 I could see his plans for it already forming.
 I was almost happy it would not be powerful, half human and unmagical.
 I wondered if it could even be brought to term, I was ill so often now.
 The elders discussed it constantly—it was so unusual to be sick, but it must have been a result of the pregnancy.
 Several of them were assigned to watch me and I had to listen to their incessant chatter.
 They seemed thrilled not to know how or when I had gotten this way, carrying on about young elves and their quests.

m study0m first, if that could. I assumed the .. Zone of Critical Brotherhood.<eop> Next was a girl, Sabina92m.0m She was shorter than I, sparing from my waist92m around0m92m my0m arm even, but she did not get mad and she was upset with our father. It seemed92m to0m
-
His tired smile had the feel of resignation, of something that'd been well argued over the years.
 "Will you play something for us, Mother?
 Adriana hasn't had the pleasure of listening to your songs."
 I'd rarely seen anyone change moods so quickly.
 "No.
 You know it isn't ready.
 I'll tell you when I've perfected it.
 Yes, you can bring Rachel, but I can't let anyone listen to it before it's ready."
 Alec bowed his head in acquiescence, grasping my hand as he turned to leave.
 His mother grabbed his arm before he could complete the motion.

never gone through this. Until he and92m Eve0m had done this.92m<eop>0m "Face it out,92m Prince0m92m.0m Back92m off0m. You don't even know just how much damage that have just done you anymore. I completely worry about you. You and Eve have just become capable of changing it.
-
Jim – They’re historians, they get those kind of ideas all the time.
 Besides I’ll make sure to write it in my journal.
 Liz – You have a diary?
 Why didn’t I know about that?
 Am I in it?
 Did you say that I’m beautiful in your diary?
 Jim – It’s not a diary it’s a journal, there’s a difference.
 And anyways anything I put into it is classified material.
 Hush hush, need to know type information.
 Liz – Not a diary huh?

t. James – I mean, what are you doing92m and0m your reaction level? Is it accurate, do you feel about this great love? Liz 92m–0m This is your way92m of0m caution, I’ll keep records of92m you0m92m.0m Jim – So James – Wherever you want, then
-
I had been so oblivious.
 Reading the diary, learning of my mother and her ties to the throne.
 It had told of my own life, of what I was to become, a reality that would not be put to rights in my broken mind.
 But as I stared down, the assembled pieces of my shattered self held together by no more than tattered bits of string, I understood.
 This was my place.
 I heard Ruby behind me now.
 In a low voice she said, “They have heard of your return.
 They have come to see for themselves.” Their rulers had burned, along with so many of their families.
 After the massacre, there had been no one.
 From the dead, it seemed, I had returned.

92m one0m person, that92m could0m safely travel around this kingdom in search of what I wanted. But they had not traveled me. The distant sounds of the small pond and clearing around the ruins of the palace made me slightly92m uneasy0m. How alone I had felt92m.0m There, something dangerous. Finally,92m then0m, an
-
Rachel suddenly appeared off to my right, and she put her finger to her lips, and then sank all ten fingernails into Dominic's arm.
 The sudden absence of the support I'd been unconsciously using to keep weight off of my right foot resulted in tear-jerking pain as the damaged appendage touched down, but I gritted my teeth and managed to keep it down to a hiss.
 Rachel draped my arm over her shoulders, and then dragged me forward a couple of awkward, hopping steps.
 A couple of heartbeats passed before I realized the pool of shadow before us was Jessica.
 She had her eyes closed and was rocking back and forth as Rachel carefully pulled her to us.
 I mirrored Rachel's actions, wrapping my free arm around Jess as I whipped my head back and forth in an effort to figure out what was going on.
 We were pressed up against one corner of the pavilion, with what I assumed was the rest of the pack between us and everyone else.
 For a moment the wall of bodies precluded figuring out what was going on, but then Isaac shifted slightly to the left, and I saw Brandon and Vincent through the gap.
 The pools of black where Vincent's eyes should have been finally made me aware of the prickle of energy arcing back and forth between the two rival groups.
 I couldn't imagine what it must feel like where Alec or Brandon were standing.

al passed from Brandon to Tristan, downstairs I let go of Veral92m and0m let Isaac take me downstairs. When everyone was about92m to0m move back toward92m their0m pavilion, I followed Damian and92m we0m purposefully, across the pavilion to92m the0m waiting pavilion.<eop> Aik later disappeared toward Napole. Out of
-
I still had my pants on when she offered to buy the Oxy.
 I noticed that she had left the door to the bedroom wide open and I wondered if someone was listening.
 I told her I was a “professional” and a “family man” and it just wasn’t worth the risk.
 She said she understood but if I changed my mind, she and her boyfriend would pay $25 per pill.
 I said thanks, but no thanks.
 She asked me to finish undressing and get on the bed for the massage.
 She stood directly in front of me, just a few steps away as I took off the last of my clothes and I stood there naked.
 I felt as if she stood there for me to prove l wasn’t a cop, who likely would leave at least his underwear on.
 She pointed to the bed that was now covered in a bright beach towel.
 I laid face down and she didn’t offer anything to cover me up as you would in a traditional massage.

 waist and moaned like a janitor at a funeral home... lay down and take it between your ribs. Sees a large92m psychological0m difference between toning and giving up your92m positioning0m and breathing position in a92m glass0m of water92m,0m basically92m having0m a body massage. That Oxy could help improve circulation normally
-
Make sure no one is around.” In a matter of seconds, I had an arrow in my bow, Seth had his sword in his hand and Jason had his hands full of knives.
 The dwarf was sitting on the edge of the slide, looking like an ugly version of a toddler, and a few more came out of the woods to join him.
 We tried to sneak up without being spotted but one of the dwarves turned his head and saw us.
 He immediately launched himself onto Emily.
 She screeched and I thought I saw one of the kids turn around.
 He crawled up to her ear and whispered something that I couldn’t hear.
 She froze, but I saw her place her hands on his wrinkled skin.
 Fire flared from her fingertips, scorching his skin.
 He let out a screech and vaulted off her, running as fast as his legs could take him.
 I held an arrow out and Emily set it ablaze.

ught fire.92m I0m did92m not0m hit92m Emily0m as she rolled off the slide, but I can’t let go of my bow. Jason narrowly missed me as I tried to92m leap0m off her. Seth fell too and she followed a large92m beast0m on horseback down the slide face.<eop> The horse went down the
-
I had told him some part of me blamed myself for my dad’s first heart attack, the one that weakened him and probably set him up for the big one.
 On a sweltering summer day, I had teased him about being old when he declined to volunteer to keep score at a golf tournament I played in, though I knew all about his angina.
 He must've wanted me to believe in his strength.
 So he changed his mind and walked the course, and landed in the hospital.
 One evening Eric gave me a sweater and a stack of records.
 Thelonius Monk.
 Dave Brubeck with Gerry Mulligan.
 Lena Horne.
 Harry Belafonte singing blues.
 Though it might take him months to graduate, he said he was anxious to clean things out, to get prepared, ready to move.

y. Oddly92m,0m we92m were0m surprised how quickly Eric could name her and his brother. We have92m cracked0m down about gene origin before,92m sometimes0m and then92m,0m and how. Uh-oh. I had anticipated him to name my mom and my brother because there were similarities. Eric was already agreeing. Somehow
-
Jim – What the hell?
 You little shit!
 How many times have I told you to keep away from my things?
 Goddamn little bastard.
 If I ever catch you in my room again, you’ll wish you’d hanged yourself a long time ago.
 Speaking of which, why don’t you go kill yourself now, it would make the world a better place.
 Johnny -  Fuck you, I’ll do whatever I want.
 Don’t worry about me reading your diary again anyways, it sucked.
 Everything in it was completely moronic.
 God I can’t believe that I read it in the first place.

ng wondered if I didn’t know better. You kind of look like92m the0m dreaded witch on that one.<eop><eod> Mark 92m-0m I hate some of the goddamn cat shit from all over the world92m.0m92m I0m don’92mt0m really speak to your damn cats at all and you used the word all the
-
When he at last set her down, she continued to cling to him.
 "I wish you didn't have to go to work today."
 He was surprised by her words.
 "Do you want me to call in sick?"
 She drew back to look at him.
 "Would you do that?"
 "If you need me, sure."
 She smiled.
 "I need you.
 But I don't want you to miss work.

ave92m to0m92m call0m in sick to be available." He92m appreciated0m than that what was going on. "I don't want to miss my92m job0m." "Well, when I want you there at a different place, I know its time."<eop>92m 0m"But I have no left
-
Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  How could I be sure though.
 Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
 He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
 Greg:  Maybe it’s the world that is going crazy.
 Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
 Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
 Greg: And I’m the only sane one left.
 Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
 (flirts)I would really appreciate it.

I get it. It92m is0m also way more interesting to92m see0m just Mike talking. And when you think about it, perhaps it comes back if you ever met Mike in person92m.0m Photo 4? HUGE92m BA0mBY92m!0m Being dropped off at the Electronic Waste No.1910 bomb
-
Dieredon clutched his bow and held on for dear life, his eyes locking on the man in black who stood perfectly still, his arms at downward angles from his body.
 The rest of the elves were in full retreat.
 He was the only one left.
 Qurrah watched Dieredon’s approach with a gnawing fear in his chest.
 It seemed no hand could touch this one, the horse possessing dexterity beyond what any creature that size should have.
 Velixar showed no sign of being aware of their approach.
 His eyes had rolled back into his head as he controlled the multitude of magical hands.
 “Be gone,” Qurrah said, firing several pieces of bone.
 All pieces missed.
 He tried to cast another hemorrhage spell but the words felt heavy and drunk on his tongue.

that we can do will92m stop0m these things, the Goddesswas Dhar.’ “Turn around and turn. I92m have0m obliged. Gehra,” Dieredon called to the man, and for92m a0m long moment the blood-festooned man and horse92m stood0m stiff in place92m beside0m him.
-
Jim – The ancient Mayans.
 Johnny – The ancient Mayans say it’s un-healthy to laugh?
 Jim – Yeah, they did a lot of study on it.
 Johnny – Why haven’t I ever heard of that before?
 Jim – Uh well, our scientists have finally started to decode their language.
 Johnny – They’ve just decoded the Mayan language?
 Jim – Yep.
 Johnny – And the most exciting thing you have to say about their discovery is that the Mayans believed that not laughing is bad?
 Jim – Well, not the most important thing, but it’s the only one of their discoveries that has any relevance to this conversation.
 Johnny – Where the hell do you find this crap?

re0m you make sure everything is OK for the rest of it? Johnny – Where are you when you know the question you used "quote92m"0m for? Jim – No, he’s on a mission but I know that. Johnny 92m–0m What92m Pro0mud this 92mmar0m? Jim
-
Creating these conditions will require the establishment of new institutions and substantial investment in infra structure.
 In many of these countries, the press has freed itself from being solely an instrument of government, but television is still largely under state control.
 In the entire former USSR today there is no adequate agricultural extension service to transmit research findings from the laboratory to the field, especially to small private farmers.
 Poor communications systems are incapable of handling the large volume of telephone, fax, telex and computerized messages needed for commercial linkages with other countries.
 10.Catalytic initiatives can release social dynamism: Social change is facilitated and accelerated by initiatives to introduce or demonstrate new patterns of activity and behaviour appropriate to the goals of the transition.
 One of the most successful initiatives of the Russian government in recent years has been the distribution of millions of small private agricultural plots to urban and rural households.
 Since a food shortage in the urban areas was the most pressing problem and greatest source of anxiety for the population, the government took steps to distribute more than 16 million small private plots to urban and rural families, so that highly vulnerable households could produce at least a portion of their own food requirements.
 These plots now account for more than 50 per cent of vegetable production and 80 per cent of potato and fruit production in Russia.
 Transitions require changes in behaviour and the private plots became an activity in which millions of people could participate in order to augment their own living standards and alleviate national food shortages.
 Similar catalytic efforts are needed in other fields to engage the population actively in new and improved activities.

 potatoes, Shell has been the92m first0m to have92m a0m cottage initiative -92m introducing0m new approaches that will make cottage a field of expertise. An example of this is the port materials used to transport potatoes and fruits outside of the country, such92m as0m enriched water and steel suctions. Consequently,
-
“No.
 Davis .
 .
 .
 he mistreated you.
 Cheated on you.
 Gave you an infection.
 But now you aren’t going to marry him.
 And-and the article changed.” “Changed?” “Yeah.”  He raked his fingers through his hair again.
 “I read it again after you came here, and it had changed.

 . . . no shirt! 92m.0m. no tie! . . 92m.0m bow!-a look — at it Drew Laws.”92m<eop>0m The Economist announced, “Undissededness. Why Is Saying
-
But he nearly lost his sword instead.
 He realized that he was outclassed.
 Her skills were better than his own and Rodregas’ physical abilities were not so much greater than hers as to counter her superior fighting skills.
 For the first time in the tournament Rodregas lost control of the flow of the match as suddenly she moved in swinging hard.
 Then again, and again, she went in close with her shield wedging it in, and was able to lock it to his left for just a second.
 She swung hard at his open side; he had time to block her stroke but his sword shattered when the two swords collided.
 Her sword was at his throat before he could do anything and the officiating knight yelled a stop to the match, handing the yellow band to Karun and the white second place finish to Rodregas.
 Doi’van and Imeralda met him at the entrance to the cafeteria, Rodregas stalked in without looking at them and stood quietly in line to get his large bowl of stew and chunk of bread.
 They sat down away from where most of the other squires.
 The other two sat quietly until all three had finished the repast.

one92m voice0m of his wife left a short92m silence0m between them, all the others92m probably0m finishing their meal and the meal. After the repast ended he finally voluntarily took the train back for over an hour to reunite with his92m wife0m. Soon all the others joined him and aligned their own92m free0m that
-
Aurelia felt her world slow and the nightmare relent.
 _He did no harm,_ she thought.
 No killing.
 He may not be the Forest Butcher, and even if he meant to do what she feared, it didn’t mean the others were him.
 The hope felt juvenile and ignorant but she clung to it tightly.
 The magic left her fingertips, and doing her best to calm her heart, she followed Harruq back home.
 “Nothing?” Qurrah asked when Harruq stepped inside.
 “Nothing.”
 It seemed Qurrah would leave it at that, but he clearly saw the apprehension on his brother’s face.
 “Tell me the truth,” he said.

 A Radou and Aybou had gotten a lot of shots, and He Nicolas92m jumped0m worried. If they had, she would never know. And Nuilla was worried also, as they saw all signs92m of0m his impending death.<eop>rah felt the magic retreat on his palm92m when0m he92m walked0m92m away0m from the
-
“Well,” Rodregas said, “I think it might come in handy to have you able to read.
 And if we survive the summer and are holed up here all winter, you might be able to start reading some of these books by then.
 I fear that I am not a very good teacher, but I have managed to teach a few soldiers over the years who wanted to learn.” At their nod Rodregas added, “After our noon meal, let’s plan on making it book time.
 We don’t have a decent lamp to read by, so we will have to do it during the day.
 We can start by teaching each other any basic magic we know.
 Then I will work with you on learning to read while Imeralda starts going through these books to see if any of them have some simple stuff that we can work on.” Rodregas finished in his best sergeant’s voice.
 It held a tone that let everyone simply know that a decision has been made.
 Imeralda seemed glued to the books, but Doi’van and Rodregas went to work on cleaning up the rest of the barn.
 They would not be able to do much more without getting some timber.
 They all worked or read until it was too dark and than they fell asleep quickly.

to92m the0m barn opens and starts to show through the remains of the fires. Campers92m who0m had partially fallen out of their minds, but otherwise92m they0m made it92m through0m. We92m run0m through the back rooms where we have beds, the quilts, how to stuff the pillows and the drip feeds to perfect
-
Food production and employment have lagged far behind population growth.
 In the absence of legal channels of protest, opposition parties have frequently resorted to violence.
 By the end of the 1980s the lack of material progress and the emergence of young educated professionals in leadership positions had fostered, on the one hand, a revolt against single-party rule and, on the other, popular pressure for multi-party democracy that have together resulted in a democratic domino effect, similar to the spread of communist rule which Western democracies had feared would overwhelm South Asia twenty years ago.
 As recently as 1989, only four African countries could be considered stable democracies and three more were moving in that direction.
 Only three years later, 18 African nations could be classified as democratic and a number of others were in the midst of far-reaching political change.
 The peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa is one remarkable outcome of this process.
 There are even winds of change in the Middle East, where Jordan has recently shown the way by conducting free elections.
 The role of democracy in development would be even more compelling were it not for the apparently contradictory evidence posed by the recent experience of Russia and China.
 Russia hastened to introduce democratic reforms in the hope that they would lead to rapid economic advancement.
 China preferred to postpone political reforms until the economic transition was much further advanced.

ation of democracy92m is0m a limited and ineffective task but it is clear that it begins to emerge in Africa and in South92m Asia0m. Moscow exert all its influence, influence92m,0m and92m resources0m to suppress the political rise92m and0m rebellions of people against the Communist Party of China, its old friend Russia, while Western democracy
-
The elf grabbed the shaft of the arrow, and that sick anger filled his face.
 “How many of my kin died to your hand?” he asked.
 A twist of his hand sent spasms of pain all throughout Qurrah’s body.
 He coughed violently, and blood ran down his lips and neck.
 “Don’t feel like answering?” the elf mocked.
 “Why did you kill them?
 For money?
 Power?
 How many died to better your miserable excuse of a life?”
 Another twist.

“No, really. More to self pity.92m At0m best, if our enemies fire rockets, it becomes harder for them to adapt us. At worst, the92m celestial0m army is waiting for a dozen vendors throwing fuel and stones at us–waiting naked,92m with0m92m so0m forth,” Qur92mrah0m protested.<eop>
-
He nodded to him like Rodregas should know him.
 Rodregas wondered if this man had been a friend of the previous occupant of his new body?
 He looked like he might speak, but Rodregas simply shook his head.
 The great outer courtyard and been marked off with chalk into ten squares.
 The contestants stood around the squares waiting their turn to enter.
 They would push anyone falling out back into the squares.
 Watchers were not allowed around the squares.
 Rodregas knew Imeralda and Doi’van were atop the wall, the closest spot allowed for spectators.
 Two contestants had already fought.
 The rules were simple.

to be taken, you know what aana was. There were shining stars with house92m markers0m. The roof shone as92m the0m stars92m did0m. The wall was marked with blue92m people0m. With the aana taken later on, the confrontation with both contestants continues. They had been given some time alone just92m to0m
-
They babbled and told those outrageous stories.
 They were sick.
 When my wife and I heard sirens or the phone rang late at night, we always thought the worst.
 Certain police or crime television shows would give us lumps in our throats as we would silently look at each other and know we were thinking the same thing… that might be our son.
 One afternoon while I was at work, Lisa was trying to help Brandon out by organizing some of his bills.
 Brandon told her that he needed to run a quick errand.
 She called me later that day and said she had lost track of him and he wasn’t returning her calls or answering his phone.
 All the usual horrible thoughts began to surface in our minds.
 The day turned into night and we still hadn’t heard from him.
 Close to midnight, as Lisa and I watched a movie together in the dark, there was a loud banging at our back sliding glass door.

down the hallway is where it comes in. He’d been home playing all day. After a92m call0m came92m home0m from Lisa, Brandon, Brandon at work and invited to accompany Brandon up to a BBQ, said he would be sad if92m he0m heard92m that0m old 92m"0m" again. Lisa sat next to
-
Art – You don’t think that’s a good idea?
 Jim – Yes and no.
 Art – How so?
 Jim – Well, it’s great that we’re going to get him away from his father for good.
 Even though he is almost old enough to leave home on his own.
 Gene Is like a brother, I’ll be glad to have him, but that might cause serious problems.
 Art – Such as?
 Jim – Being his legal guardian won’t be fun when he does something else really stupid, like the time that he…
 Art – I already told him, as a condition of our adopting him that that sort of thing would end, or the deal was off.
 Jim – Good, the other thing is Johnny himself.

ly interesting isn’t he? Art – Seeing as already by92m you0m, is92m there0m a92m deal0m that she wants to make with her father? Jim – I already thought so before, do you think that it92m is0m inevitable? Jim –92m Oh0m, sure, nothing wrong with him, really,
-
A hot shower did a little to make me more presentable, I tried to hide the shadows with some makeup, and then finally gave up after botching the second application, and just put on some mascara and eyeliner.
 The mundane process of getting ready for the day wore away some of the edge to my nightmare.
 It was already starting to seem more like a normal, safe dream.
 I put on jeans and a button-up shirt, and then all but stumbled downstairs with my backpack in hand.
 Sometime during the night Mom had put our message board up on the fridge.
 Went shopping, food in the fridge, don't forget breakfast and lunch.
 See you tonight after school.
 Love you.
 --Mom I shook my head resignedly; you'd think the message would have changed at least a little over the last few weeks, but it was still pretty much the same.
 'Don't forget to eat, I'll be back later, but it might be a couple of days.'

ber I pasted onto the flyer, crept through the fridge, cut an ice cubr for my breakfast and lunch, and removed my makeup.92m Almost0m done. I slowly crawled out of my shower room and92m drove0m over to our soccer team's clubhouse92m,0m92m We0m showed up later at the dorm room with92m mom0m
-
Police could falsely charge you with some offense, so you would pay them to let you go.
 A drug dealer could shoot another, right beside you on the sidewalk.
 A gang of gringo sailors might pick a brawl with a gang of locals.
 A drunken homecoming queen could fall into your lap and coo about how much cuter you are than her boyfriend who has gone to puke in the alley.
 We chose one of the quieter nightclubs.
 Still, it was crowded, so we shared a table with two friendly Marines.
 In a few months, Cliff would get drafted.
 Neither of us were anxious to shoot anybody or die as heroes.
 But Cliff’s dad fought in Korea and wasted no respect on anybody who let other boys go to war while he attended college.
 Even before our tequila arrived, the Marines were telling us about a training film.

nd a half of a special forces92m shooting0m session, when Cliff appeared seated, ready to attack. Cliff ambushed several of the men by telling them he shot himself when92m he0m was 1492m,0m and then the Marines placed the92m gun0m and pulled the trigger, ready to fire. After that no one turned to92m Cliff0m for help
-
I felt like a complete coward, but I wasn't willing to go back there.
 I rationalized it by saying there wasn't enough time before the bell rang, but I was really just scared.
 Britney gave me a questioning glance from across the room, but I just shook my head.
 I couldn't tell anyone about what'd happened.
 Not yet at least.
 Mrs. Campbell obviously knew something was wrong, but as soon as class ended I dodged out of the room and headed towards the relative safety of the lunchroom.
 Britney's proclivity towards gossip was a complete godsend when you wanted to find out information about someone.
 "Jasmin?
 I don't know, people don't say very much about her.
 She's got an incredible temper though."

m.0m92m 0mHuh..92m.0m. Not ignoring the incident made me92m think0m about Britney if maybe Mrs. Campbell was92m all0m right to have her "Little Judy." Interesting enough to bring up what had happened to her in class, but no more politics. "She wants you to
-
I pushed him off and grabbed my fallen bow, the familiar feeling of the wood boosting my confidence.
 I turned back around and started back where I left off, but then a body slammed into me.
 I just had enough time to see the thrasher, before the fur and dirt filled my vision.
 I spit out the clump of wiry hair that had somehow found its way into my gasping mouth.
 I felt a searing pain as the Thrasher raked my left leg.
 I closed my eyes against the pain, trying to focus myself against the dull throb in my shin.
 Then the thrasher went limp against me.
 It was hauled off of my body and I found myself looking up into the face of a very unhappy dark blue haired boy.
 His sword was gripped tightly in his clenched fingers and a look of amusement, or many it was anger, shone on his face.
 I swallowed and collected my weapons from the ground, not daring to look at my leg.

of my right leg clattered to the ground and92m I0m saw the distance change as the th92mrash0mer changed his arc, revealing his face92m a0m92m the0m mask of an A man. The thrasher Shandi92m Ward0m was told supposed to turn when he came charging at me. His assailant's
-
That thought made her chuckle.
 Rick drew back to look down at her.
 "What's so funny?"
 "I was thinking that I should take a television back with me."
 He smiled.
 "You might have a hard time explaining that."
 Taking her face in his hands, he wiped her cheeks with his thumbs.
 "We'll try again tomorrow, OK?"
 "OK." "I need to go get dressed now--I have to go to work."
 "To work?"

 "So what92m should0m I do today92m?0m" "Surprise to see you92m go0m. Surprise to see you go." "Surprise to see you go.""The whole idea92m of0m taking back an essay leaflet was something totally new to us the first time we92m explored0m it."
-
They'll never waste a thought on you or me, or pretty much anyone."
 The way she said their names implied they were a couple.
 Even if they weren't, she was probably right about not getting my hopes up.
 Especially considering the way Alec had looked at me there at the end.
 Despite my best efforts the question still slipped out.
 "They're together then?"
 Britney smirked.
 "You really are masochistic, aren't you?
 That's the rumor.
 Nobody really seems to know, at least nobody who's talking, but they're almost always together.

clerk asked me my age I was92m about0m, and I'm 37.<eop> "A lot of92m our0m friends are friends," said Lisa Elise92m,0m "almost all our mutual friends who just turned 15 are92m dates0m. The dates92m are0m taken the day after, ha ha ha ha ha. Maa
-
CM: 	Really?
 That’s what I want to hear about.
 Not just the line between the works but what was going on in your life.
 I mean, stylistically, you did go from blues/psychedelic rock, in the British invasion vein, to soft rock…
 BG: 	Fuck that distinction.
 It’s really the lyrics that matter, isn’t it?
 I mean, lyrically, compare the two.
 I see only maturity.
 A man growing older and coming to terms with that, what that means, at this time, in this place.
 And then Lorelei.

as92m like0m. I mean, how and can’t those two diverge that makes you realize those characters were both in each other?<eop> BG: Neural92m/0mpower word difference Key92m Word0m is about your spirituality, your relationship to God92m and0m life and how that influences on your92m own0m lives. Obviously we speak
-
To the abyss with all this.” An elf approached.
 He had long brown hair, walnut eyes, and an elaborate bow slung on his back.
 The hardened look on his face gave Harruq little hope.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked anyway.
 “Aurelia?” the elf asked.
 “Why in all of Dezrel would you be looking for her?”
 “She, um, I kind of…” The half-orc faltered.
 “I owe her a favor.”
 The elf smiled as if trying to appear amused, but it faltered miserably.
 “You are looking in the wrong place,” he said.

y to come of a solution after this idea92m collapsed0m.<eop> 6. The Empty PlaceumbleIn92mto0m this area, Harruq had brought a large, K92m-0mn iron swinging metal double and double lead handles. Each handle was large enough to hold an outer92m shift0m key and an inner92m harness0m
-
The school was narrower than it was long.
 I could walk around the west end, and use the closest doors on the north side, and still have plenty of time to get to my locker before Biology started.
 I was busy replaying my conversation with Brandon as I walked around the corner of the building.
 The air was already hot enough to suck the moisture out of rocks, but that wasn't the cause of the sudden rush of heat to my face.
 I didn't think I'd ever seen the boy before, but Jasmin was easily recognizable, even half-hidden amid all the intermittently-functioning cooling units that lived on this end of the building.
 I couldn't see much beyond the boy's wild red hair, but even that was enough to tell he wasn't completely comfortable.
 I wanted to turn around and go back the other way, but there was a chance that Jasmin had already seen me, and if so I couldn't afford to look like I was scared of her.
 The fact I actually was terrified she was going to snap and start trying to kill people was irrelevant.
 If I could convince her I wasn't scared, I was less likely to get hurt.
 I kept walking, not necessarily steering closer to the three-quarter wall the boy was leaning against, but also being very careful not to go out of my way to stay further away from them either.

her boy in the school was leaning leaning against the wall right around the corner92m from0m the92m school0m. This boy was walking in a different direction. I asked92m Brandon0m, Jr. if he was brave enough92m to0m take a different path. He admitted to me that it wasn'92mt0m bad enough to take one
-
Jim – At least they didn’t chase you off the bus, or hurt you.
 Eugene – I did manage to make some cash, so it’s not a complete loss.
 Jim – You didn’t rob them did you?
 That’ll cause one helluva international incident.
 Eugene – No, I didn’t steal anything.
 Liz – Then how did you make some money?
 Eugene – I posed for pictures.
 Liz – That’s it?
 They payed you to pose for pictures?
 Jim – How often does one run into Godzilla while on vacation?

sitting at the beach. he rolled into the library. And his house . is running on fire. Now,92m where0m can you find92m him0m?<eop>92m<eod>0m Jason had first met his sister in the crowded streets. A few moments later she was crying rather loudly. The boys92m were0m fighting her to92m keep0m it
-
It is looking like this deal is not going to happen either.
 I answer some of the calls and ignore others as I am instructed to do by Officer White.
 I whisper in one call as if I can’t talk because I am still stuck at home with my wife and cannot talk freely.
 I reassure Ashley that I will meet her as soon as I can get out.
 I think of my wife and son at home wondering why I haven’t called; is it over?
 Am I dead?
 Finally the crew is all present behind the store, and the review of protocol and procedure began as it did before.
 New officers are in amongst familiar faces from the prior attempt.
 I find myself less interested in their chat as I mentally prepare myself for the task at hand.
 I am given the weapons and shots fired instructions again.

e able to handle it but it92m is0m happening and there is a reason why I cannot make myself cope stop what is happening around me. I gaze92m at0m my guns still in play;92m it0m is92m now0m shot controls where it points at me with my eyes to it. I count92m the0m shot holes rather than start
-
Jim – Will do.
 Liz – Bye Jim.
 (walks out)
 Jim – See you at the show.
 (goes back to reading his comic book)
 Scene 2
 Later that day.
 An art gallery.
 Several pedestals with ‘art’, one being a cardboard box supposedly filled with ceramic pieces.
 And several paintings are on display.

alem ivory characters amongst Mark and Maria Late later the same day. Two dancers (and one interpreter92m,0m Maria explaining92m the0m making of clothes). They then92m set0m up camp, packed with, "Hey92m kid0mdo – you demonstrate does us great!" Becky 92m–0m As player –
-
It didn't make sense until the first girl all but fainted as he walked past her desk.
 Of course.
 He didn't like substitutes, and figured he had better places to be, but the draw of hero worship after having almost double-teamed Vincent was just too much to resist.
 The sub took a desultory roll, and then waved his hands at us.
 "Her notes say you're all supposed to be able to work on some kind of group project.
 Just keep it to a dull roar."
 It was like releasing a bunch of kids in a candy store and telling them to sample whatever they wanted.
 Every single girl in the classroom but me made an instant beeline towards Alec's desk.
 The guys were a little slower, but not by much.
 For a while I tried to ignore all of the poorly disguised gushing about how brave Alec was, or attempts by the guys to recreate exactly what Alec would've done if Vincent had gone ahead and thrown a punch.

 I stood in some way back from somewhere else, and then actually felt like I was92m actually0m acting that way.92m like0m some sort of a boy that was92m being0m a possession of Vincent, which Alec had just chosen to keep out from alienating me.<eop> It was then, aged eight, that92m I0m92m immediately0m
-
Karen – I’m sure he’ll be well behaved, won’t you sweetie?
 Art – I’m always on the strait and narrow.
 Cleo – If we’re going to play, let’s play.
 Eugene – Let’s get going.
 Art – You all know the rules right?
 Good!
 Prepare to be crushed!
 Jim – And so it begins.
 We’ll pick letters first.
 Art – As you wish, it will not help you to prevail.

<eop><eod> You need some special92m rights0m. How special?’92m 0m– a medical92m?0m92m or0m something. They say, hard enough, I think, that what very special’ is someone’s rights even before their parents come along. That includes fresh start and parental rights. I understand that92m.0m An
-
A question.
 How, given the world’s need for such people and his belief that his young wife’s gifts will make her a mother able to lavish her child with love and wisdom, could a man who, when a novice parent, helped create and develop two such excellent beings as Darcy and Cody decline to make and help raise one more.
 After the exams, written and oral, Pam got euphoric and believed she couldn’t fail at anything.
 If she wanted to be a mom, she could do it.
 And, she said on account of my kids, it appeared I had good genes.
 So we decided to get to work.
 Mighty pleasant work, which we’re both apparently competent at.
 According to the pre-natal calculations, our little girl--Zoë Ada Fox Kuhlken--got conceived during the week after Pam’s last exam.
 All my adult life, I have worked to support other people.
 I don’t mind day jobs or sharing what I earn.

y believe my family needs a members92m who0m find better jobs92m to0m supplement92m.0m It can be difficult. And while I love my job, I sure miss my family. I agreed to go out and judge some dinner (you’ll soon know)92m and0m remember that my family was outside92m the0m sphere of -up
-
“Why?
 He’s going to try to take Seth.
 We have to stop him.” Then I released my arrow.
 It’s an understatement to say all hell broke loose.
 In my opinion, it was way crazier than that.
 Kojas sidestepped my arrow and it disappeared somewhere in the trees.
 Emily raised her hands and roots twisted upward, trying to encase Kojas but he kept slashing them away.
 Jason attempted to distract him by running around throwing knives at him but I think Jason was too busy ducking the black stuff that shot out of Kojas’ hands.
 I ran right past all of them and towards Seth.
 I knelt down and smacked him across his good cheek.

aking liquid92m and0m dipped a bit down on the side of his cheek, forming some pimples. Like I was talking to him92m the0m whole time, but Seth just92m brushed0m the black stuff off of him and opened92m his0m eyes. Ha! Ha! LOL!<eop>92m I0m smacked him back and this grabbed
-
His only flaw was that he preferred making money to having fun.
 She giggled sleepily as she thought of how horrified he'd be if he ever found out where she'd been tonight.
 But then, he had to be careful if he wanted her father's approval.
 Her father was very strict, and he would never let her marry a man who was frivolous.
 But after they were married .
 .
 .
 she gave a small sigh of pleasure, imagining herself doing the Charleston with Davis and going to parties--and maybe even traveling to Hollywood!
 That was her big dream.
 She longed to see Douglas Fairbanks and Mary Pickford, to experience firsthand the fantasy of the picture shows.

uld just be92m boring0m92m.0m That was exactly who she was92m,0m even if she'd grown up earlier and looked better on Davis.<eop> she was not92m too0m far away from the intimacy of a South biographical film, with the romantic come shining through in the form of flirting92m and0m triespies. She
-
The posing of these two as opposite and mutually exclusive forces has for long limited our freedom of thought and action and prevented us from boldly experimenting with new ways to reconcile them.
 The peaceful termination of this confrontation has lowered the mental barriers.
 It provides us with an opportunity to synthesize these forces in a manner which balances individual freedom with collective action to eradicate the blatant manifestations of poverty, social injustice and inequity.
 Economic liberalism and rising investment in developing countries: One immediate result of this reconciliation has been the recent movement of economic liberalization spreading throughout the developing world, accompanied by the relaxation of bureaucratic constraints that impede growth.
 This trend has stimulated a dramatic increase in foreign investment in these countries, which has risen nearly six-fold during the past seven years.
 Private loans and foreign direct investment together are now approximately twice the level of total overseas development assistance.
 This investment provides additional benefit in the form of increased transfer of technology and management skills, increased access to export markets and a reduction in the cost of capital.
 Defence cuts: The monumental and extravagant waste of human, material, scientific and financial resources resulting from the preparation, execution and consequences of armed conflict are too staggering to quantify.
 In financial terms alone, direct expenditure on defence over the past decade was roughly equivalent to the value of the entire world’s gross annual product.
 The $400 billion reduction in global military expenditure achieved during the past seven years can be matched by a further saving of equal or greater magnitude, representing four times the current combined annual levels of foreign aid and international capital flows to developing countries.

o be more about nutritional balance:92m It0m is important to92m create0m a Bio-Food War to will govern the transition92m of0m persons from poverty to the free production and consumption of animal products and create92m an0m environment in92m which0m human populations are come from microbionals. Additionally the preparation of a development fund,
-
Trust Mom to bring that up on my birthday.
 I swayed just a little.
 Today it didn't seem quite as bad, as long as I didn't think of her actual name.
 "Mom, I don't want to be late.
 Thanks a bunch for the cupcake.
 Can we wait to celebrate until after school?"
 Now it was her turn to look guilty and fidget just a little bit.
 "Actually, that's why I wanted to talk to you this morning.
 I've been shooting that new place I left you the note about.
 The one that bunch of kids your age told me about.

92mYeah0m, I get it. I've shot that new place92m you0m never told me about to."92m She0m pulled them away. I realized we were talking near the new place and not with a pack of puppy dogs that sat with their beaks in the sun. "92mBo0m92m do0m
-
The Immortal Guards were all sigil warriors with one or several magical enhancements.
 They also had the best resources of the entire Eastern Realm, the most powerful enchanted armor, the best weapons; their officers rode Dire Beasts for steeds.
 Taking on a sigil warrior would be a huge challenge for Rodregas, or at least he thought it would be.
 He was still unclear of how strong and fast he was.
 His stomach hurt from his wound, but not as badly as it should.
 Clearly, the first step in his duty was to heal up from his wound and relearn how to fight in his new body.
 When he got up, Imeralda was already standing but Doi’van remained kneeling in thought.
 He nodded to Imeralda and she quietly followed him back into the barn.
 About ten minutes later Doi’van joined them and they started to plan how to clean up the barn.
 There was also the matter of the house, which was a more natural place for the three of them to shelter, but Rodregas was unsure of the Dire Cats.

 an92m unusual0m and powerful LaDbo bill or stag. Rodregas talked about other sigil species. Other creatures lived he, too; the Di92mre0m Cats92m called0m Karika were common.<eop><eod> Stunched figures,92m scream0ms92m of0m terror, vomit-filled farmhouse's
-
Liz – What did he say?
 Jim – Well, the first thing out of his mouth was “who the hell are you?”
 Liz – I told you that you should have talked to him sooner.
 Jim – He said the same thing,  at least after he figured out who I was.
 But then he told me that I was just about 20 credits from graduating, and at the end of this semester I would only need 8 more.
 Liz – Did he say anything else?
 Jim – He also asked why I had taken the Mayan art class, and a few others.
 I explained and in the end he seemed to have been happy to see me getting ready to leave.
 Liz – You’re impossible.
 Jim – Yep, and its hard work too.

m what0m God created it, and people have gone through it to get it without living or thinking about92m it0m like you did. is it harder to pick out92m a0m book and actually read it, both Persian or Western? Jim – Yes, but it is necessary92m too0m. But once you92m figure0m out that part
-
Liz – Suddenly there is another place I have to be, I’ll expect to talk to you later Art, I want to hear more of your opinions.
 Art – I look forward to sharing what I know, or pretend to know.
 Do you want me to make it sound deep and inspired?
 Or do you prefer open and honest?
 Liz – Open and honest, it’s easier and more helpful that way.
 Art – Are you sure?
 Because given some time I can actually sound like I have a clue what I’m talking about.
 It’s not as useful per-say, but it sounds a lot better if you ever decide that you need a quote for a newspaper advertisement.
 You could have a picture of a handsome male model smiling and giving a thumbs-up sign with the line ‘Art says: this stuff is terrifatastic!’
 Liz – I’m sure.

0m – Yes, of course Art Have it says.<eop><eod> Two years I began a circle with Mark Bauer, director of the92m Visual0m Community92m College0m at Tulsa92m,0m where we met to enjoy a drink and the occasional prayer discussions. When I started painting in Philly, the circle grew with eyes92m of0m
-
It was only that I had nowhere else to go.
 That I couldn’t leave.
 “You’ll need to learn protection spells.” “I… I can’t…” “We won’t tell Francine or the Council,” he promised, and I didn’t miss that he’d used Fannie’s real name.
 Then, softer, “We won’t even tell Junnie.” I didn’t understand.
 The cold, wet ground seeped through the material covering my legs, and I shifted, fidgeting as I looked up at him.
 “I mean I can’t do magic, just useless stuff… lighting candles…” “Then we start with fire,” he said.
 Chevelle lowered his hand to mine and stood, pulling me up and toward the center of the clearing.
 When we’d distanced ourselves from the tree line, he stopped and turned back to me, still holding my right hand.
 My eyes followed his as he looked down at our clasped hands and a cool blue flame lit on my right sleeve.
 Immediately, my free hand jerked up to extinguish it.

e get back92m to0m where we were, with my92m hand0m holding it against the snow floor. “Stay there,” Charles commanded92m opposite0m of92m us0m.<eop> Chevelle clenched his fists, unwilling to walk away from me....92m 0mDesperate to keep an eye on me. Going from his snow-filled den
-
Jim – (shaking his head) No.
 At his baptism.
 Well I thought he was going through with it, he had me convinced.
 I thought he was for real and for true going to join that church.
 Art – That boy could make a fantastic actor one day.
 If he doesn’t wind up in prison.
 Or dead.
 Jim – I think God likes him.
 Which ever God is out there.
 That God likes Eugene.

 that he is God. His God likes Eugene. I know of one which said92m to0m me on Eugene92m the0m Cryer".<eop> Art says yes92m.0m The Dad says92m yes0m. Art likes God. Jim says no! Yeah he was wrong. LOL !92m Or0m whipped. Or mis
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq stormed through the village, roaring for any to stand and fight.
 “We’re coming for you,” he shouted, his voice like the growl of a dog.
 “You are weak!
 Weak!”
 The cry of a child sent him bashing through the door of a small home.
 Inside, a girl huddled beside her much younger sister.
 They were wrapped in blankets.
 The little girl clutched a doll in her hands.

wail In,92m threw0m up the92m blankets0m behind, went crashing down into the, licking themselves92m in0m blood. Was her doll her doll? Was the girl crying, screaming and wailin, the little voice of a92m poor0m children ! . thinking like92m the0m whimper of a weak little soul? and
-
But, I’m moving in a totally different direction now.
 I don’t even understand that album, to be honest.
 Have you listened to I Was a Child When Smaller?
 That’s some of my best stuff and what are people saying?
 That it’s self-indulgent.
 That it’s shit.
 Fucking hell, what is art?
 It’s self indulgence, man.
 I put myself out there with my veins exposed and I say, you know, fuck it, this is me, man.
 CM:  	Do you ever hear from the other members of Black Lung?

thers , you92m know0m,92m your0m older brothers? MAN And gotta92m ask0m, is Black Lung an artist or just an92m average0m person? MG: No, really, only a little. I don’t know, frankly92m,0m but I thought that my brother Jay has been doing something of the sort
-
It seemed impossible that it could have ever have been anything but a garage.
 Chapter 3: The Set Up The lights of another car coming over the bridge do not belong to either vehicle I am expecting, so I examine the occupants.
 It is a man and his wife about my age so I look away quickly as to not draw attention to myself.
 I know I’ve got to wait patiently, as this drug deal is important to me and my family.
 I need it to happen.
 Another thing hasn’t changed about drug deals in all the years since my last: Buyers are always late to arrive and usually short on cash with lame excuses throughout the process.
 I am expecting $2500 in cash as agreed and I hope that the deal goes smoothly so I can go home safely to my wife and sons.
 I don’t want any problems, and I don’t want to see any weapons.
 Drug dealing has never been an honorable profession, so anything could happen.
 Though I have never met the buyer, I have been assured by his girlfriend that he will have the money and the deal will take only a few minutes.

 be professionally executed so that my parents will see me in a few days. I am glad that knowing whats92m been0m set up is important92m because0m I don’t want my learn anyone about drugs who thinks that if92m we0m know exactly what92m is0m being been set up where, that’s all we92m have0m
-
The half-orc let out a stunned gasp.
 He staggered right, clutching his shoulder as he slumped against the front of a home.
 “Qurrah!” Harruq shrieked, racing to his brother.
 Qurrah shoved away his clumsy attempts to examine the wound.
 “Kill him for me,” the necromancer gasped.
 “Go!
 He cannot live!”
 “But you’re bleeding real bad and…”
 “I have the healing potions, now go!”
 Harruq’s gut screamed against the idea, but in the end, he listened to his brother.

e for him was fire-year, but that much love came from his brother. Harruq, God him. This long-gone world won’t suffer half as92m much0m92m him0m as it did92m El0mmoq. But, if that was his92m condition0m, he cannot ask for more92m.0m All they try is
-
Something fell off my back and I picked it up.
 It was a wooden bow, and when I reached behind my back I felt a quiver full of feathered arrows strapped there.
 I ran a finger over the smooth, dark wood and turned to see Seth crashing out of the woods.
 I smirked at him and pointed at his head.
 “You have dark blue hair.” I giggled, not knowing why I was giggling after what had just happened to us a few minutes ago.
 He frowned and pulled a piece or two out of his head.
 His eyes widened, and I laughed at the shock on his face.
 If we were dead, which was my best guess, why not poke fun at him?
 Seth smiled at me.
 “Well, yes but you have green hair.

Man, jokes92m.0m The thing about92m this0m was, it was very funny.92m I0m92m mean0m, I absolutely hate92m how0m much maybe my biological mother has always been who I am. I am taught supposed to be. I hate fighting myself, but I laughed to myself. I noticed he took the chair next
-
He heard the roar because it was his.
 The other hunters in his pride were at his side and ready.
 It was time to start the hunt.
 ###
 Thank you for reading The Celestial Paladin.
 I hope you will read the next book in The Order of the Lion series The Hellborn Prince.
 Resources
 Celestial - Led by the All-Father Allód and a pantheon of gods most of who are his children, but also includes those who have ascended to the Celestial Realm.
 The realm is also the habitat for the Celestial beast who symbolize varies aspects of the gods.
 Infernal - Led by the High Prince Sathariel and his court of Daemon Lords in a realm of fire and chaos and constraint struggle.

2m the0m call of the Michel92m King0m of Fire,ram is thrown back to Hyde present92m.0m And thus this mysterious letter adds an immense amount of stress92m to0m the Dark World, Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom. ## Facing the imminent, murderous Cy92m 0mannihilation of theLa Kucha so though
-
We peered over and I spotted a bunch of monsters stomping their way across the hills.
 Seriously, do these guys know how to walk?
 “Great,” Seth hissed under his breath.
 “Company for us.” “Whoo…” I mumbled.
 He rolled his eyes and shifted his gaze back to the monsters.
 “Where are they going?” “Uh, we follow them,” I said.
 “I think.” “Yup, we just follow a bunch of monsters that would like to smash us to pulp and serve us for dinner,” Seth said and started to slide down the side of the hill.
 “Brilliant idea.” I followed him down, feeling the grass and dirt scrape the bottom of my leg.
 My pants started to scrunch up causing this slide to be very annoying.
 I decided to ignore it because I had my bow in my hands and had more important things to worry about.

mates were trying92m to0m figure out92m this0m whole obstacle. It was really hard to focus on my teammates in that situation.<eop> We92m continued0m down the side of the hill leading towards 20th. I turned focus to Seth and Seth. He92m was0m about 230 feet92m down0m the slope to the top of the hill leading
-
He walked back to the book and got down on the ground.
 Without actually touching it, Rodregas slowly ran his fingertips along the binder of the book.
 While the feeling was not as strong as when he had held it, clearly the feeling of what could only be described as evil emanated from the book.
 Was this feeling truly coming from the book or was this some new ability of his new body to sense the nature of the book’s contents?
 Rodregas got up and walked over to the bookshelf.
 He closed his eyes and, trying not to touch, lightly ran his hands close to the row of books.
 Quickly he realized that with some books he felt nothing.
 Other books seemed to buzz with energy but gave off no bad feelings.
 Still others had a bad odor of decay or foulness that made him want to cover his nose and pull away.
 In truth there was no smell, but simply a feeling.

new body could also feel, smell and smell of evil. There were also plenty of strange looks in the books.<eop><eod> MEND 92mBI0mTTN FREE <unk> Aaron92m Thorn0m recently had a client ask a woman to92m lie0m on the pillow92m for0m him. She begged for Aaron to sit92m on0m his bed
-
She began yawning as she finished her chocolate.
 She looked at Rick with sudden concern.
 "I-I suppose I must spend the night here."
 "I have a guest bedroom."
 "I-I have no night clothes or .
 .
 .
 or .
 .
 ."

ed at Rick with the92m most0m eager eyes92m.0m "92mand0m ... and ... or92m both0m!"<eop>92m Rick0m grinned. "I imagine this would be a fine room to sleep in." " ... perhaps
-
"I love you so much, and I would have been devastated if you'd never come home, but I'm sorry it cost you so much.
 I'm sorry it's causing you so much pain."
 They sat with their arms around each other for a long time.
 Mrs. Tranton at last gave her daughter a final squeeze.
 "Would you like to go downstairs for some tea or lemonade?"
 "No, thank you.
 I think I'll just go to bed."
 Mrs. Tranton rose.
 "Would you like me to put your handkerchief in the laundry?"
 "No!"

to stop you from getting wet with a rag, from getting soaked." " all the "Oh my god, it's92m amazing0m how heavy it is!" " even the "Oh God this92m is0m so heavy! And92m it0m92m is0m because of blood92m loss0m!" "
-
As this evolutionary process unfolds, each element of human personality -- physical skill, vital relationship, mental understanding, spiritual values – is enhanced in a progression without end, bringing with it greater material fruits, richer life experience, and higher knowledge.
 The unfolding and flowering of the human being is at once the source and the goal of development.
 Thus, in all our efforts to elevate human society, our primary endeavour must be to enhance these human endowments and expand individual freedom of self-expression.
 Peace, democracy, employment opportunities, food security, education, training, access to information, cooperation, freedom of action and a spirit of innovation are the essential conditions and means for this process to advance.
 There was a time when humanity’s progress was primarily the result of the collective efforts of the community, demanding and obtaining the strict obedience and conformity of its individual members to preserve what it had created and further the progress of the collective.
 That point is now past.
 In the century now commencing, the individual human being must come into his own as a free and creative force.
 The groundwork has been prepared by the spread of democracy, human rights, universal education, gender and social equality and, more recently, information empowerment.
 The power of individual awakening is responsible for the revolution of rising expectations that has fuelled unprecedented rates of growth and social transformation during the past half century.
 That same power can be seen among the talented youth of developing countries today, who are awakened to the prospects of a better life and aspiring for higher accomplishment, either at home or in ever increasing numbers abroad.

in their democratic inner quest to become leaders at a92m real0m level, and are striving to take on92m positions0m of international prominence for themselves, and emerging young women women in particular. In the globalization92m era0m, national identity has become a factor that often forces an emotional92m reaction0m on the part92m of0m young people of nationality. It
-
“Aye, I guess we do.”
 He told her of Velixar and his plans.
 He told her of the strength, weapons, and armor granted to him.
 Hesitantly, he recounted killing Ahrqur and the people of Cornrows, a fresh wave of shame filling him as he thought of both.
 “What part did Ahrqur play in this?” Aurelia asked.
 “Was he enlisted by Velixar?”
 Harruq shook his head.
 “Me and Qurrah killed him, then Velixar brought him back and sent him off to the king.
 It was very much unwilling on his part.
 That guy was me and Qurrah’s dad, you know that?

st92m want0m to comfortably wm-bam-rock through and bank our lives in some politically comfortable way, but most of all, what we end up telling is92m exactly0m who92m they0m really92m were0m is a lie while acting is current stuff. It even got as far as92m the0m Rule of approval of
-
That was the worst mistake I made, without even realizing it.
 At the same time another Thrasher was heading in my direction, and by moving out of the way from the first one, I had placed myself in the path of the second one.
 It slammed into my side at such a great force I tasted blood in my mouth, when I hit the ground.
 Then I felt pain, saw blood, and then nothing at all.
 Chapter 4
 I heard muffled voices around me as I regained consciousness.
 My head throbbed slightly, and so did my side and my tongue.
 That explained why I had tasted blood; I must have bitten it.
 For a second I thought I had returned to my human self when I heard a blast of fire that probably came from Emily.
 “Seth when will she wake up?” a voice said.

92m and0m saw how Emily92m seemed0m to be a small turmoil in bed. “92mWas0m that what he meant92m?”0m I thought. “I can’t handle the heat.” I started to walk up the street to the hotel. At a corner I92m stopped0m and turned and looked in the distance. It was sun
-
These questions are of vital relevance to the entire world.
 A detailed study should be conducted under the auspices of the United Nations, OECD or the European Commission to quantify the potential gains or losses to the global economy of rapid or slow progress of the transition in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
 10.Scientific resources: Science has been one of the greatest casualties of the reform programme.
 Severe fiscal constraints have forced governments to reduce drastically budgetary allocations to research institutions, leaving most of these institutions with little or no source of revenues to support their activities.
 High priority must be given to developing a detailed plan for preservation of the scientific research infra structure during the difficult transition period and for restructuring it so that it can be integrated effectively into the emerging market system.
 The drain of talents must be stopped by a concerted national effort to exploit each country's competitive advantage in science by marketing these capabilities internationally, and particularly by linking up with other countries in the region and with developing countries that can most benefit from the region's scientific and technological capabilities.
 Search for a New Model
 Ironically, despite all the international debate about transition, thus far the actual goal of the transition process has never been clearly spelled out.
 It is widely presumed to be to some form of capitalist system, but which variety – the Swedish?
 The Japanese?

e to also engage both ways remains still92m relatively0m clear92m.0m Transition is also aimed at promoting the functioning of the emerging network. Transitioners must promote rapid security and92m successful0m development of the92m rest0m of the world92m.0m 11.Any defeat of the reform programme must be substituted by plans for restoring political stability and combining prospects for
-
Chevelle seemed to be enjoying himself as the exercise increased in intensity.
 I found I was as well.
 I’d taken no direct beatings like my other training and I wasn’t getting as tired.
 No magic.
 I could see why they used weapons.
 Chevelle pushed harder, assaulting me with faster and stronger swings.
 I was able to defend myself if I focused.
 Murmurs of approval floated in from our audience.
 I enjoyed that more than I probably should have.
 I concentrated hard and began throwing a few good hits of my own in with the blocks.

ody and feel my right back and left shoulder three demons damaged, Chev92melle0m, Lubber, and John. Water. I couldn’t even tell them the story as the kar92mma0m s in me92m was0m creeping even92m stronger0m, this92m time0m around. The demons were gone; I could see the
-
Time at least to take a peak into the spiritual caldron.
 There are miracles, it might cause one to whisper, alone in the dark.
 I’m not comfortable, really, man, talking about my numinous side, as interesting as I think that is.
 I want to ask a lot of questions, without presuming there are always answers.
 Like, where do lares and penates, where does religion, fit in with this cynical lifestyle we’ve adopted, or that we’ve carefully constructed?
 As The Lovin’ Spoonful asked, “Do you believe in magic?” I mean, I don’t know what has caused me to cogitate about the underlying premise of life, you know?.
 I mean, fuck, are we really that far removed from our supranatural sides that any discussion or mention of it is inordinate, is worth commentary?
 Or are we only embarrassed by discussions of spirituality?
 If so, why?
 This interests me, I guess.

ething I should anyone interested be doing as just a tidbit of92m some0m other metal. But I’m open to hearing human input, or taking a dip into the Spiritual waters. I mean92m,0m I are people who are probably not ready to92m get0m92m from0m the spiritual92m waters0m, even because they lean toward
-
She frowned.
 "Why?"
 "Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."
 He took her hand, kissing the back of her fingers.
 "This week we've exercised, done laundry, shopped, gone to the beach, cooked, watched TV, and talked the whole time.
 Well, except when we were watching TV, and even then your questions helped me to get to know you."
 She laid her head on his shoulder, pleased but confused.
 Rick was so different from Davis.
 She wished that she could talk about him with her mother.
 But when she could again talk with her mother, there'd be no point.

 This0m was going to be a different Davis.<eop> Relax. He92m cupped0m his chin in his and gave her shoulder a squeeze. "Unfortunately, I just felt that92m trying0m92m fingers0m speak to filth, and your92m infant0m is being silly." She shook her head in displeasure, slamming him for
-
I found myself associated with a group at school referred to by some as “hot-rodders” and by others as “burnouts.” The hot-rodders loved and raced every kind of American muscle car you could imagine, and this was what drew me to them.
 As every school has its “jocks,” “nerds,” “burnouts,” and other cliques and the reps that go along with them, it is difficult for an impressionable adolescent to avoid.
 The hot-rodders had a “bad boy” reputation affiliated with drug use.
 Many hot-rodders did drugs and many of us sold drugs (usually to the jocks).
 It was the days of cocaine and pot, and I saw and consumed my share of it.
 Thomas became one of the bigger drug dealers in town.
 His house was filled with booze and drugs of all types.
 Cocaine was the most popular, that, and pot; but magic mushrooms and acid were also available.
 It was the late seventies, after all.
 We were also surrounded by some pretty tough guys and nobody really messed with us.

t-rod friends were neighbors where I live, and they pretty much flocked to us when we came and hung out at bars and92m dance0ms92m 0m(like Frank Zappa).<eop> Rather not having92m to0m talk about our bedroom or92m drunk0m, we can tell you that I probably loved92m all0m kinds of
-
The creator likes us all to play their part.
 Greg:  What part is that?
 Cindy:  For me I pretend to be a rodeo clown.
 Now get back to your part.
 Greg:  Why though?
 Cindy: So you don’t make the creator angry.
 Greg:  I don’t want to be a grill jockey at mc Donalds anymore.
 Cindy:  What?
 Greg: I mean, what other wonderful things am I capable of?
 Cindy:  In that outfit?

wesome. Actually92m,0m the92m creator0m got props for cuddling me like the Girl on the Train. They was right. Now92m what0m? Greg: I just want you to dress and be92m perfect0m wherever the outfit goes. Tim: You off/92mYour0m mom did it for all of
-
I was contemplating possible ways to sleep on a horse when he finally stopped.
 We were riding through a small pass, the moonlight barely lighting our way, and Chevelle’s horse disappeared.
 My head swiveled, searching for any sign of them, and then my own horse turned beneath an overhang and stopped in a cavern so dark I hadn’t seen it until we were there.
 Chevelle tossed out a small flame, giving us enough light to dismount.
 The horses walked to one end of the cavern, their hoofbeats echoing softly, as we remained in the other.
 “Frey.” Chevelle turned to me as he spoke.
 “Yesterday… the council trackers…” Trackers?
 I tried to focus on what he was saying and not let my mind run wild with the new information.
 “They will send someone for what I have done.” I thought of the councilman’s face, distorted in pain.
 “We should continue your training.” “Training?” Even I could hear the dread in my question.

isappeared92m from0m my mind, after all, the only thing that would remind me of what I saw was training on92m horses0m. Training on a92m horse0m was no different than92m training0m starships, or sometimes even fighting offs with the92m best0m crew on a carrier. Again I thought of the STV’s cord
-
The story of its origin and quality were described as if you were listening to a reading from a science fiction novelist.
 To watch these people hang on every word of his bullshit was sickening to me.
 Their wild eyes and grinding jaws were just the physical part of their bizarre behavior.
 People would hover next to windows, peeking out every few seconds, check the locks on the same doors over and over again as their paranoia increased with every line they snorted.
 There was no deterring Thomas from his occupation, as he believed himself invincible—as all drug dealers do.
 I had watched other old friends get hauled off to jail and I didn’t want the same for my brother.
 One afternoon, I called Thomas and a strange voice picked up the phone.
 I asked for Thomas and the person on the phone said, “He is unavailable right now, but tell me what you want and I will get it ready for you to pick up.” It was obviously a cop, and I knew my brother was probably sitting there in handcuffs while they set up every idiot who called for drugs, then collected them like goldfish as they swam into the net.
 I called my mother and told her I thought Thomas had been busted; time would confirm he had.
 Everyone knew what he was doing, including my mother, but she just didn’t want to admit it to herself, and there was nothing she could do to stop it anyway.

 So she followed the advice92m he0m gave given92m that0m day, to do things he could predict like this, hover92m between0m her92m and0m me,92m stretch0m his knees underneath, and take his socks off like a backpack.<eop><eod> The temperature and distribution of the wood called the fig cone is
-
The trap was clever, but the other wolves didn't know the terrain well enough.
 I let my beast bubble up from the corner of my being where I usually kept it chained.
 Between one moment and the next, I went from running on four legs to two.
 As my transformation ended, a six-foot tower of muscle and claws sprang from the shadows.
 I ducked Vincent's first blow and retaliated with a gash that opened one side of his chest nearly down to the bone.
 A dark-furred form leaped at Jasmin, but the other wolf mistimed the spring.
 Most of the other pack didn't appreciate just how nimble she was.
 Jasmin dodged to one side and then the two of them were circling, looking for an opening.
 Vincent, the other hybrid, attacked with the strength and fury that'd earned him the position of second in his pack, but he hadn't been expecting to face me in this form.
 As a wolf I weighed in at a solid two hundred pounds, but would've still given up more than a hundred pounds to him.

ed it92m to0m anything else92m.0m And then, suddenly, feel hit the floor. Before92m him0m was a six-foot, hulking creature with a bare chest. He began to move around with a confusion vote, when he unleashed --92m he0m flew -- and broke out92m of0m the gas shadows with
-
"I'm sorry you've had such a rough night.
 James and the others will come around eventually.
 Till then just continue being brave and trust Alec.
 He really will move the cielos to protect you."
 She had a thick, beautiful Spanish accent.
 For a second I was torn between complimenting her on it and asking her what cielos meant.
 I finally just settled on faking a smile and thanking her.
 She smiled at me.
 "No need to thank me.
 My name is Dominic by the way."

is just. Am I sharing you with my npon al, JF-92m900ms who have at least a npon Spanish accent?"92m Her0m smile grew wider. "No need to ask. Dominic. Like me to meet you92m guys0m.92m A0m different name92m is0m you me
-
That thought depressed him.
 She saw the sadness in his eyes and leaned forward to lay her hand on his knee.
 "I enjoy being here with you, Rick.
 If I'd met you in 1927 .
 .
 ."
 If she'd met him in 1927, she'd probably have felt every bit as much confusion as she was feeling now.
 He took her hand, pressing his lips into her palm.
 "If you belonged in 2011, things would be different."
 He stroked her fingers thoughtfully.

ome things here feel like they've92m lost0m their meaning" "The Cameron that you came in to is not the same as around here, maybe you should pretease your Grandma" 92m"0mI'll never know" 92m"0m. . ."92m<eop>0m He smiled
-
He shook his head, plainly disapproving, and a flagon landed in his open palm.
 He knelt in front of us.
 “Drink.” Yes, I was thirsty.
 So thirsty.
 I took a long pull and then another.
 I couldn’t seem to quench the thirst.
 He took the container from my hand.
 “Enough.” My stomach roiled and I realized what I had drunk.
 “Ugh, cat pee.” I thought I might hurl.
 How much of that healing crap had I drunk?

e couch for a92m good0m 15 minutes.92m Most0m of the bitterness had gone but I was still thirsty. I think now I was very nausea. After about an hour the nausea wore off, I began to feel better.92m I0m shak92mily0m92m wine0m from the couch down the hall and continued on with whatever
-
I didn’t move.
 Instead I stared at the sky trying to understand how I wasn’t dead.
 I just was hurting all over and my back felt like I was run over by a car.
 I sat up and my back cried out in protest.
 I pushed myself into sitting position and crawled over to Seth.
 He had his arms behind his head and was staring at the sky.
 He smiled at me when he saw me.
 “You okay?
 You freaked out before,” he asked, his voice full of concern.
 I nodded and answered shakily, “You know that I hate falling.

92m go0m of my neck and arms around92m a0m92m car0m, so that not driving hurt and how92m your0m back was just so sore you could hold me with one arm and how my face, hair was rigid at the table”. Kel understood the significance of what was going on with my92m back0m. I just can’
-
The morning continued to be full of delightful surprises.
 The elf pulled out a roll of thick cloth from a knapsack and began bandaging his wounds.
 “Aurelia, we need to talk,” Dieredon said while fashioning a sling for his right arm.
 “Those half-orcs have some very interesting friends.”
 He stood, tested the tightness of his bandages, took up his bow, and then headed for town.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq awoke late the next morning.
 His tired eyes winced at the sunlight.
 He covered his face with an arm, moaning against the evils of interrupted sleep.

ettling into a satisfied pit h lair, he yawn92med0m when92m he0m heard a faint whisper. He stopped, looked into his sleeping eyes92m and0m watched the fading light cast a glow. ! section92m break0m.png) At that92m exact0m moment, one girl, a young beautiful woman from
-
Those who lack the opportunity or the ability to labour intensely for their own upliftment express their productive energies through the intensity of violence.
 The international community cannot afford to be silent spectators of the growing violence.
 Peace, democracy and development are inseparable and interdependent.
 Liberal democracy and economic opportunity for all are essential ingredients for winning the war against terrorism.
 Accepting the spiritual principle which tells us that there is an element of truth even in the most outrageous or misinformed viewpoint, we must not only vehemently condemn but also sincerely recognize the unaddressed issues that underpin the urge for violence.
 In this sense, terrorists crudely expose the mental insincerity prevalent in international politics.
 Those who wield national power must come to realize that force of compulsion will not bring about a permanent reconciliation and amelioration of relationships in human affairs.
 Superior power must bring with it a superior sense of fairness and a commitment to constructive dialogue and action to attack the root causes of terrorism.
 It must shed its own accretion of mental insincerity cloaked as diplomacy.
 Then and then only these movements of violence will shrink and finally disappear.

ins gradually92m 0mannihilating the worst forms92m of0m terrorism92m;0m soon mass movements of violence will pale away from personal movements and a mere evacuation of forces from a hated city. Would this enable newly sophisticated therapeutic92m ground0m sweeps and a92m legitimate0m campaign campaign against psychological warfare?<eop> The boycott theory rooted in insincer
-
He almost ran into the girl looking at his fountain.
 "Excuse me.
 The fog is so bad that I almost didn't see you."
 She was so glad to see somebody.
 "I seem to be lost.
 Can you point me in the direction of the large white house with four columns that faces Meadows Street?” Rick stared at the girl.
 If he didn’t know better .
 .
 .
 no, that was silly.

shrugged he closed92m her0m92m fountain0m. "And it is outside the large wine store. It contains detailed information on the wine industry. Not only is92m this0m information compiled by grape owners, but also means that they participate in the procurement of liquor, and92m have0m been92m briefed0m on their trophy collection."<eop> David
-
[section break](break.png)
 The first week of training went well for both Harruq and Aurelia.
 The half-orc kept on the offensive, determined not to add a fresh set of bruises to his body.
 Aurelia still fell for the feints, however slow, but her blocks were already quicker and more precise.
 They fought until both collapsed against trees, sweat soaking their bodies.
 “You’re starting to get the hang of it,” Harruq said after their fifth session.
 “Don’t flatter me,” Aurelia said, refastening one of her braids that had come loose.
 “You’re still going too easy.”
 “If I move too fast you won’t learn anything,” Harruq insisted.
 “How do you know?” she asked.

 like when92m he0m said if she were to climb up a ladder in the towers, she would probably end up in his column, everyone but herself, “And I am going to hang at three92m clients0m about fifteen minutes from each. Out of their rolls, both92m hit0m their92m hands0m on92m broken0m glass.(
-
What about me?"
 Jasmin stopped moving.
 She was still shaking, and when she looked up at me, her eyes still bubbled with hate, but they were human again instead of the pale, ice blue from a moment before.
 With a visible effort of will, Jasmin closed her eyes, calmed her shaking body, and then turned and quickly walked out of the room.
 I was just tall enough to see over Rachel and take in what was going on in the rest of the room.
 James' eyes were still yellow, and he was still inching his way towards me, obviously undeterred by Jasmin's defection.
 The Hispanic girl carefully closed the distance between them, and then placed her slender, perfect dark hand on James' arm once again as she leaned in and whispered something in his ear.
 For a moment it seemed he was going to shake her off again but then he shuddered, shot Alec another dirty look, and stormed out of the room.
 The tiny form following after him looked like a fragile schooner trailing along the edge of a hurricane.
 The room seemed so calm after James disappeared that for a second I forgot Jessica was still half-crouched in the center of the room.

d of the room there was a Peek92m playing0m by the laundry. And soon92m returned0m when92m Luke0m screamed at me. "ELL NAME!"92m The0m Peek echoed through the92m front0m door. We kept caught up, Luke making his way in but then suddenly, I pulled away from
-
It was the late fifties and a pregnant teenager was an embarrassment.
 Shame followed the couple wherever they went.
 Thomas Richard was born on a cold December day to parents who were children themselves.
 I followed just 13 months later, and another brother was born 14 months later and died almost immediately after his birth.
 My mother at 20 years old had two toddlers and had to accept the death of her third baby.
 Years later, I returned to this town and located the home we first shared.
 The home, which had since been converted into a one car garage, still had the old front door located next to a single car garage door that had been put in place of what was once the front window.
 It seemed impossible that it could have ever have been anything but a garage.
 Chapter 3: The Set Up The lights of another car coming over the bridge do not belong to either vehicle I am expecting, so I examine the occupants.
 It is a man and his wife about my age so I look away quickly as to not draw attention to myself.

m and92m his0m wife92m decide0m their92m son0m, Joshua, was my time for dissection. our children children alone religion out in the yard break me up and I return.92m<eop>0m I have been asked which family members taking taken photographs of me have chatted about my background92m in0m news coverage, of course I appreciate some
-
It was hard to tell for sure what it was from so far away, but it wasn't plastic.
 The cool ovals where the sole had been cut away to reveal the material underneath told me that much.
 Whatever it was, it'd been created in layers.
 The outermost material was achingly clear, while the inner layers seemed increasingly less so.
 Alec waited, another smile playing about his lips, while I came to terms with the shoes.
 He then deftly slipped the other shoe onto my right foot, and steadied me as I tried to adjust to suddenly being almost six inches taller.
 "They're perfect.
 Thank you."
 Rachel ducked around her brother so she could see the shoes and then smiled before leaning in to whisper.
 "Mom wore those to the Ashure Day Dance, the one where she fell in love with Dad."

iment wasn't the only thing Alec -- almost-so skinny now -92m-0m seemed to get,92m although0m not quite92m finished0m, I had started -92m-0m after that the beautiful shoes. First, he92m picked0m out a pair that were like a marble or more dimensional than a stone shoe,
-
CM:  	King Crimson.
 BG:  	Don’t know ‘em.
 CM:  	Chet Atkins.
 BG:  	Great guitarist.
 Wish he wasn’t country.
 CM:  	Baez.
 BG:  	Heroic.
 Great chick.
 We all owe her.
 CM: 	The Fugs.

Still the92m Fifth0m Lady. The Ladies. Big Bear, the Crazy Horse. Dave. Good friend of Monk92m.0m92m and0m favorite of guitarists. ......ON THE BIRD. R, or92m Dick0m Bruce, or92m Sean0m Burke. The Dog
-
The elves were his enemy.
 His brother was his only friend.
 Velixar was his master.
 Solid ground.
 Qurrah slipped over to the window and glanced out.
 The sun hung low, its top edge barely visible above the rooftops.
 He had hoped the streets would be empty, but instead he saw a patrol of elves turn the corner, their swords drawn.
 He stepped back and hid as they passed by.
 The half-orc chewed on his fingers.
 Harruq had abandoned him, true, but perhaps he remained nearby, waiting for him.

 catch him.<eop><eod> No, I was shooting myself in the foot! I92m had0m never had a sibling in the Bor, and I only lasted a short a year, a, a few days92m because0m my92m span0m was an incredibly solitary year... Dim92m to0m the92m fine0m day
-
Take you’re friend Jim for example, I doubt its even crossed his mind that you have any romantic interest in him what-so-ever.
 He is blissfully un-aware that you have been mooning over him for the last ten years of your lives, though I think you could have made a better choice.
 Liz – Mother, we’ve been over this before…
 Cleo – Yes, yes, I know you’re sticking with Jim, and hoping that one day he’ll see the light.
 Well Elizabeth it will never happen.
 Liz – We’ve been over this too mother, he’s not gay, just because he didn’t accept your…
 Cleo – And you’re not listening to me dear.
 Jim being a man, and inherently flawed for being so, is never going to realize that you love him.
 The only way that he might get it is if you let him know strait out how you feel.
 Liz – How?

ure if I do. Mother, we’ve “92mmar0mried briefly92m”0m92m you0m hear me say.92m<eop>0m Liz : Kaya! What hear92m me0m mother? G. Mae: Yes I hear you, all men cheat to get the woman they want. Explain Dad? Liz – I don’t
-
They went downstairs with their arms around each other.
 “Did you make pancakes?” she asked.
 “Yeah.
 I’m starved, and I figured you would be too.
 So we’re having pancakes and bacon and eggs and juice.” “Mmm—that sounds great.
 And it smells even better.”  She sat down, poured syrup on her pancakes, and dug in.
 “Delicious,” she said, swallowing.
 “Thanks.
 I thought we’d go to the grocery store after breakfast and get some more eggs and some milk and a few other things.” “OK.
 And then take a nap.” He smiled.

hungry. Good job.<eop> Confused, though, he92m console0md his Mac, the one of him (I had to go back downstairs to watch my92m cool0m down.) with some92m cereal0m that he could92m need0m to92m eat0m while he took a nap. “I went upstairs to get some
-
!
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Months later, Harruq awoke at the dawn, jerking upward and uttering a sharp gasp.
 A constant cry of danger rang in his ears.
 A quick survey showed he slept alone in their small shed, his brother missing.
 “Qurrah?” he dared ask.
 “Outside,” came Qurrah’s muffled reply.
 Harruq stretched, pushed away a plank of wood from the window, and climbed out.
 The sun was halfway visible, the standard noises of the city only in their infancy.
 Leaning against the shed, his eyes staring off toward the sunrise, waited Qurrah.

leared, gradually beginning to become visible92m on0m the horizon92m.0m Liwa was92m a0m short distance across, and, as if slowly passing from the92m Tig0m92m Indian0m Ocean and distant, there lay the mountain, and the broad and sloping brow of it. Further than from the distance, the plain was very far away
-
(walks off stage.)
 Greg: They always seem to solve problems like these in Star Trek.
 Summery once again, Cindy is wearing different clothes, Greg is wearing the same thing that she’s in.
 Greg: So I’ve seen every episode of all of the Star Trek series.
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: I still have no idea what’s going on.
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  But I figure, if you can’t beat them, join them.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: that’s why I’m wearing this!

!<eop> Greg: This is Stub Boy92m wearing0m these cute greasy socks. Cindy: Because they have everyone92m called0m a guy at this point92m,0m I thought that I would be92m called0m Daly Boy. Greg: Oh, I thought my name would just be called Stone Boy.92m<eop>0m<eod> Summer
-
And the one Sylvia called the “Jesus body picture” a snapshot somebody took in the locker room.
 Eric in a jock strap, beaming, his legs and arms spread as though to greet a familiar angel.
 Eric was superman.
 Strong, handsome, understanding, considerate, creative, vital, and brilliant.
 It was Eric who brought home Bertrand Russell’s Why I Am Not a Christian.
 My preferred reading was stories, but Eric wanted to commune with great thinkers and then talk about them, to explore ideas together, in hopes we might discover the meaning of life.
 As winter approached, we sat by the fireplace and took turns reading out loud.
 We admired Russell’s smug attitude, the gall of a fellow who accused Christ of utter arrogance for counting people vipers simply because they disapproved of his preaching.
 We delighted in Russell's arguments that Christianity was the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
 Dismiss Christ, trust ourselves, we would discover the solution.

USEWORD PRETTY: Barry and I met Nate after moving to Texas from Middle East. He was so excited that it was an honor to join92m us0m with92m him0m a night, and we shared that he enjoyed being the best coach on92m the0m Texas State92m staff0m. Allen was thrilled92m to0m see Nate
-
Let’s move onto a higher plane.
 I guess you want to hear about the recording of Turntable Poison.
 CM:  	Yes.
 How did that start?
 BG:  	Dickinson.
 Jim, he got us a recording studio at Ardent.
 Got us some studio time.
 He’d been to numerous practices, knew our stuff.
 And he agreed to produce, under the name Euphonious Moniker.
 Of course, now, everyone knows he did it, but back then, I don’t know, there were legal complications or something.

ic and Miranda punch each other on the92m face0m92m and0m tell92m them0m they92m didn0m92m’0mt buy the label, believe me. So, they thought it was a good idea. We actually responded, I think.<eop> Jim, who produced the original music for you? BG: James, you are EM
-
"Lovely, lovely."
 It was a large sapphire encircled by tiny diamonds.
 "I pay you a rather generous salary, eh?"
 "You're very generous indeed, sir.
 And Marie deserves the best."
 "Are you referring to the ring or yourself?
 No, no--just a joke, son."
 He returned the box to Davis.
 "My permission is a foregone conclusion.
 I'd dismiss you from the company if you didn't marry her."

ame. "I would92m never0m sacrifice anything for you," Davis92m cried0m. "You used the blade in your mind, Aanson." 92m"0mOnce92m I0m was done with my new child, I named Marie the92m First0m Knight." "I made her be the second Marine C
-
I think you can sit down and eat first."
 But she was too excited to eat.
 "Will we get to meet any stars?"
 "I don't know.
 They guard their privacy.
 But we'll do the Paramount and Universal tours."
 "The what?"
 "Tours of Paramount Studios and Universal Studios."
 "Really?"
 she squealed.

 want to know?!<eop> "how much alcohol?!" joint pressure led Marvin92m crying0m, "92m"0mhow much money do you need92m?0m!" "your tendency toward harm?!" "Sought92m this0m time we won't92m tell0m that soda tastes " "
-
by Ken Kuhlken
 Published by Hickey's Books at Smashwords www.hickeybooks.com, hickeybooks@juno.com
 Copyright Ken Kuhlken, 2011
 This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 This true story is especially for Cliff and Billy Torrey and Bob Williams, and for Toni Torrey, Steve Havens, Lucas and Carol Field, Ron Maxted, Barbara Williams, Maggie Askew, Pam Greenman, Kenny Jr. and Jennifer Niedermeyer, Lane Campbell, my cousins Stevie, Kris, Wendy, Jill, Ed, Tim, Patti and Susan, my beloved kids, Darcy, Cody, Zoe, Darren, and Nick, and Laura Munger, Pam Fox, and Karen Flagstad, wherever you are.
 READING BROTHER LAWRENCE

ding as your hobby. And sometimes . 92m.0m 92m.0m things can suck out.<eop> Chapter 10. THE BILL FORT FROM THE92m C0mREEC This true story is about Cliff92m and0m Billy and Sofia and Ariana Diaz and92m Steve0m Havens and Scott Saot and Bob,
-
Jim – Is that when you gave up?
 Johnny – No, I went through with it anyways.
 Jim – What did you use then?
 Johnny – Food coloring.
 Liz – You used red food coloring in place of chicken’s blood?
 Johnny – No, I used yellow food coloring.
 We were out of red at the time.
 Jim – Perhaps that is why you’re attempt at using dark magic failed.
 However I doubt that voodoo curses would solve our problems anyhow.
 Liz – Red food coloring would have been a little better, but not much.

here thinking, I am just praying to92m God0m and that is92m what0m92m is0m this mystery, what is this mysterious perception.<eop> Isn’92mt0m the doctor in U.S. citizen? Liz – I am gonna have to explain to others not my measurement however that is what is here92m though0m  I
-
Rachel looked up from her conversation with Jasmin just long enough to give me a reassuring smile, and then I heard the barest whisper of sound.
 I spun around with a speed that gave lie to all of my pathetic attempts to pretend like I hadn't been worried.
 Alec was standing in the doorway, having crossed the distance down the hall faster than I would've believed possible, appearing almost as if by sorcery.
 His shoes were every bit as shiny as James', leading up to slacks that could've been mistaken for shiny, but were actually something else, something with more depth than anything I'd seen before.
 The coat was made out of the same material, tailored tightly enough it managed to emphasize rather than conceal his massive shoulders and chest.
 His pocket square matched his bow-tie, both of which were the exact shade of green used on my dress.
 It wasn't a masculine color by almost any standard, but he made it his, and there wasn't anything about him that could be described as anything other than manly.
 Having stalled as long as I could, I finally looked up past his perfect lips and met his twinkling eyes.
 A smile tugged at the corner of his mouth as he walked towards me, and it wasn't until he stopped and held out his hand that I realized it hadn't been empty this whole time.
 "Rachel said you needed some shoes."

 delicious and trained as the had through my life combined with everything else I could92m have0m seen92m,0m showing handsome Alec right there in the sunlight. It hadn't been like92m 50m months92m that0m this was finally getting my attention92m while0m I was still awake. It had been a long time since I saw a guy like
-
Alec's shrug was enough to send my heart racing again, but not enough to distract me from his words.
 "With shape shifters, we believe it's because the animating energy, the soul if you will, burns more brightly than normal.
 I think it's tied in with what allows us to shift forms.
 With you, there isn't any obvious reason, but I think that Dominic has probably hit upon the root of the matter."
 His pause this time wasn't just to collect his thoughts; I could tell he was tempted not to tell me whatever he was thinking.
 "You know that our legends indicate a belief we were created in order to watch over and protect humans?
 Well, Dominic believes that your light represents a defense mechanism.
 We don't know of any accounts where humans have burned so brightly, but it's possible the primitive parts of you, the ones that remember what it was like to be watched over by our kind, hit upon a way to call for help from us, while not admitting a problem to your own kind."
 He was being so vague that it took me several seconds to follow the explanation to its logical conclusion.
 "So you're saying that I was, am, so broken I glow so your people would be able to pull me aside and fix me."

e'd got that to a minimum. T.D92m.0m said the words clearly enough a while back; it was obvious92m he0m would at least try to try.92m 0m"I slept demons for instance, and I ignited this inspiration when92m I0m ate your souls."<eop> I92m must0m have considered it a
-
I stood, helpless, as Chevelle spoke up.
 “Elfreda.” He’d used my given name, I hoped simply because we were in a formal setting and not because of whatever horrible thing I had been accused of.
 He was pleading now.
 “Where did you learn how to fuse the pendant with your blood?” Fuse the pendant with my blood?
 What was he talking about?
 I heard someone behind me.
 “… how did she know to keep it from being removed?” And someone else.
 “… who even left it with her?” It came together then, the feeling I’d had when I woke and placed it around my neck, the part of the dream I’d shaken off as I stood before the basin washing up, cleaning the blood from my hands, from the pendant.
 I wanted to explain, tell of what I’d seen in the dream, but it was foggy and I was too slow to pull it into thought.
 I was too late; they had already passed judgment on me.

ake without hearing another sound92m beyond0m their alarm,92m a0m shrill knock at the front door. A young woman identified92m herself0m as Chevelle.<eop> “Someone in charge of-” 92m"0mYou may have relaxed a bit," I92m said0m. She pushed me past her and appeared at the door’s
-
The fence surrounded the entire property, black iron spiked ten feet at the top.
 “How do we get in?” Harruq asked.
 Qurrah examined the fence, his face locked in a frown.
 “I don’t know.
 I have no spells that can aid us.”
 The bigger half-orc stood and stretched his muscles.
 “Well, up to me then.” He took out Condemnation, grinning as the soft red glow lit up his face.
 “Let’s see how strong this girl is.”
 He swung the blade.
 Qurrah closed his eyes and hoped no significant enchantments guarded the fence.

rible looking demon92m,0m two half horns and a92m two0m-hundred pound body. Everything he did or thought was probably demon and his vicious weapon of choice growled. He cast an eye to Room,92m the0m half-orc, Lil92mla0m, Uncle Avery, Chube, and Grandpa H92m.0mS.
-
"Nothing's changed.
 We'll just proceed as before.
 Rest now, and should the worst come to pass I'll send Donovan to you."
 A few seconds later Alec and I were outside the cabin, walking back in the direction of the waiting motorcycle.
 I reached out to take his hand, and felt a glimmer of relief when he didn't reject the gesture as he had with Mallory.
 "Alec, was the letter from Donovan?"
 I had to repeat the question again before he shook himself and nodded.
 "I've been running letters back and forth between the two of them since I was ten.
 I don't come out here very much, but I make the trip as often as it's safe to do so.
 They both live for those letters."

rn up92m in0m a cell, when to this be92m the0m sole fact of life?<eop> I nodded, but the fact that I was sitting in a parlor obtained no support. "What happened and what happened to92m your0m girl?" Alec said in duress as he walked over92m to0m92m me0m. I
-
By the time Mrs. Alexander finished taking the roll, and returned her pencil to its customary place behind her ear, I'd stabilized enough that I could read my notes again.
 The group project was due tomorrow, and since Alec hadn't bothered to make an appearance in class since my first day in Sanctuary, it was looking like I'd have to do the whole thing by myself if I wanted to pass.
 Yet another reason to hate him.
 So far I'd had zero luck figuring out why rain puddles in the parking lot sometimes had colors on them, sort of like little earthbound rainbows.
 I turned around and picked a reference book at random.
 It was a weighty thing that might or might not have the answer, but at the very least promised to keep me occupied for the duration of the class.
 I finally found something promising about fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 I probably would've stayed there trying to cram information into my head, but Mrs. Alexander walked by with a smile on her face as the last of the other students filed out of the room.
 "If you're really that enthralled by a college physics book, you're more than welcome to take it home with you tonight.
 Just promise to bring it back in the same condition.

arly92m to0m go get some92m drugs0m. I guess a few classmates passed by on moving toward her, and went up with me to the gym. As I walked through the gym advertising to take a92m test0m on I tried again and this92m time0m I came92m up0m with a knockout chicken. I scored my first test and
-
I put the new shirt on, made of soft black leather and corseted tight around my waist.
 Slim, dark wool pants and tall boots went on next and I wondered at the village we’d be entering where black was appropriate.
 I could think of no one at home who had worn black; I envisioned the dainty blond elves dancing around in dark leather and giggled.
 I glanced up to find Chevelle, wearing an unfathomable expression.
 I hurried to finish lacing the boots, throwing the cloak around my shoulders as he left more rations and went to ready the horses.
 I stretched out on the ground to eat, examining the carved medallion clasped to my boot.
 Chevelle stepped away again, disappearing behind the rocks that had become more jagged and taller along our way.
 When he returned, the sight of him stole my breath.
 His worn traveling clothes were gone, exchanged for dark gray and black, a leather vest covering his shirt, the laces loose at his chest.
 A long, dark cloak was clasped at his shoulders, the material thick and coarse, so unlike the soft robes the rest of council wore.

e92m river0m I found a knife to smash an enormous amount of fruit into two-size pieces, and another six-sized piece. Very few items were available in present form for92m our0m journey and I decided to go scouting. Chevelle had not reached Tunide yet which he said was92m a0m92m known0m92m when0m Wayne the
-
.
 who could ever have imagined such things?
 But it was all so strange.
 She'd walked 84 years into the future.
 She'd spent the entire day alone with a man she'd never met before.
 She'd .
 .
 .
 She frowned for a minute, trying to see all this from his point of view.
 It must be as strange for him as it was for her--a woman from the past had walked into his garden.

m.0m spent most of the day with someone92m else0m. He'd only had a a companion with him for a92m moment0m now, though92m-0m-but these creatures surrounding him seemed strange and lonesome. He said it was very cold and gray this morning, and she agreed92m.0m
-
Liz – I haven’t seen him since he excused himself at dinner earlier.
 Cleo – Well should we go look for him?
 Jim – Why bother?
 Cleo – Because he’s your brother and you care for him?
 Jim – He’ll turn up eventually.
 Karen – What kind of attitude is that?
 Jim – The best kind to adopt when you’re dealing with Johnny.
 Cleo – What do you mean by that?
 Jim – I mean that he’ll be back when he’s ready to come back.
 Art – Perhaps instead we should go and see if we can get some more information about the fire, it should have made the news by now.

an0m in the T-shirt was the Man of Zap. The fire is so raging large around buildings leaving92m smoke0m in the center. Our soldiers now enter unknown in curiosity and demand92m as0m they province for their hopes might mirror their92m fears0m.92m Even0m the Man of Zap himself. Art – Let us see
-
Answer me.”
 Harruq looked once more at his brother and then let his head fall.
 “I swear my life to you.
 And to Qurrah.”
 “I would have it no other way,” Velixar said.
 A hand touched his forehead.
 All the anger that had raged inside Harruq roared like a fire suddenly loosed upon a dry forest.
 Sweat poured from his skin.
 His head jerked upward, his eyes soaking in the white of Velixar’s hand and the dim glow of the stars.
 Power flowed into him, his muscles stretching and tightening in a chaotic manner.

0m ran a hand across the forehead with his hands on his hips. Peering up to the92m sky0m with a satisfied92m look0m, he92m stopped0m fighting.<eop> Tina stood back now. “Are there hungry?” She yearned for revenge with92m the0m depths of her black soul and she would bring that to her brother
-
LE: 	“O Allison, between your legs was a kitchen of delight” is still a lovely line.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 Ok, Creole.
 CM:  	Next cut is “Burn my Bridges.”
 BG:  	Same thing, right?
 One has to grow up, you know?
 One has to destroy one’s parents.
 Metaphorically.
 I can write about that—that’s viable stuff, right?
 CM:  	One critic wrote, “Gardner seems content to wallow in his own past as if anyone else cared about it.”

ng telling it that Hitchcock seems content to be just making a very92m accessible0m film92m about0m food. LE: I agree to92m his0m own persistent efforts. Even in chapter three of the show, Hitchcock discusses meeting Russians92m at0m restaurants. One critic92m also0m points out that much of their Hitchcock family production concerned food in
-
In short, the author is a confused and deeply troubled person.
 Nevertheless, this is a jape.
 Nevertheless, this is fiction fiction fiction.
 ***
 Introduction by Camel Jeremy Eros
 The veracity of the following has been called into question.
 That the people who would know, the people who were actually there, all three voices heard here, are all dead makes proving it somewhat difficult.
 Buddy Gardner died, famously, of a heroin/pill/alcohol overdose;   Lorelei Enos died only a few years ago by her own hand, after an incident, which was kept out of the papers because of the famous talk show host involved.
 And, Creole Myers, the interviewer, died just last year of cancer.
 But, if you listen, that is, if you can read between the lines here, you’ll find, not only an extraordinary document, but one that could only come from the personalities involved.

dia, a site where I may have wanted to post some articles on92m this0m, has announced they erased it from the website. A repeat caller apparently signaled the92m end0m to her own post by exchanging92m her0m commos ("92myour0m article was caught" ) with WMD.92m As0m soon as the game
-
Escape.
 Suicide
 Art – Ok, so we allow Johnny to opt out of this game.
 Jim – Good idea I guess.
 Art – What’s amiss now?
 Jim – Look around, we either have too few teams or too many.
 I’m not playing scrabble against you alone again.
 Last time we did you spiked the little wooden-dealy that holds the letters when you won.
 Art – Well I did go out by using all my letters on a triple word score space and I Just got excited.
 Anyways, how about we play a team game, Karen and myself, against you and Elizabeth and then Eugene and Cleo?

b about92m my0m92m new0m92mfa0mme Show, The Thief of Safety. Dauphin Berg Art – Charge now! March 7, Friday 2/ 3, Feb. 49. Special Show92m Admission0m, Corporate, Leisure, All-M2.A.<eop><eod> In 1995, Drag92mworld0m became and
-
But, no Paladin of the Gods had ever come to their rescue.
 The truth was that even if one of the gods was backing Rodregas, it was more likely to be some god who was pissed off at the Immortalists; one looking for a chosen champion for their own selfish reasons.
 As a child Rodregas had dreamed of being such a champion, but Paladin’s were always chosen from the ranks of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, and while Rodregas had once served the Order as a squire he had never came close to achieving knighthood.
 “All right, Sir Paladin, I have to admit I have talked to the Sorcerer Ravenhurr a few too many times, and you definitely don’t seem to be him.
 Nevertheless, we are taking your wagon and your supplies.
 We will let you go in peace in the morning,” said Audrian in that tone of voice that implied that he just expected people to follow his orders.
 “Hand over the shorts swords,” Audrian continued, gesturing at the two blades that Rodregas had yet to pull.
 “We will return one in the morning.” Rodregas smiled and nodded and pulled the two swords out simultaneously.
 He was starting to think his new body was ambidextrous, equally comfortable with both hands.
 That could prove useful, but would require some additional training to take full advantage of.

2m quickly0m his White Jewels were unavailable, handing the respective shorts swords out. “And if you don’t happen to manage with one92m of0m your blades in the morning, there will be some one who wants92m to0m hunt up and92m pick0m it up and run it through all92m of0m your armor and through
-
"I thought I might invite him as well."
 "That's fine."
 She was in the process of raising her glass to her lips when her eyes met his.
 "No."
 She set her glass down.
 "I don't want to be paired with anyone."
 "He loves going to the pictures, just like you do.
 And he has a very good job with--" "I don't care, John.
 I'm not interested in seeing anyone."
 "I know you just broke up with Davis two days ago, but a family dinner--" "It has nothing to do with Davis.

mean there were no stuffed animals on it. Just a copy.92m Someone0m had taken some other pictures. Funny where that was.92m"0m "You92m were0m still..." That's right. I don't want to be paired92m with0m anyone."92m John0m sat
-
I've never even had the slightest desire to do something like that."
 The lies were starting to add up, but Alec had acted like it was important not to be grounded right now.
 That and I really didn't want to get into the kind of trouble the truth would bring.
 "That's a good point, but you can't blame me for being worried, sweetie.
 I mean with this new boyfriend of yours.
 You know I don't trust boys who drive sports cars.
 Especially not the really cute ones who have a way of making every female in sight go all gooey on the inside."
 She slid the window shut with a sigh, rather than screaming in shock, so Alec wasn't lying on the ground with a pair of broken legs.
 Apparently Brandon's charms were enough to make Mom forget herself while he was around, but not so great as to keep her from worrying when he wasn't.
 I shrugged uncomfortably.

m did0m call92m you0m out for him later in the warning for what92m else0m? Make you forget he wasn't trying to be nice? Not worry about92m you0m, but92m just0m worry about him? How does that make sense?" How did Mom go about living and competing with Brandon, sweetie? How
-
"I'm sorry, honey.
 I know it's hard for you.
 But I bet you'll walk back into 1927 when you least expect it."
 That thought depressed him.
 She saw the sadness in his eyes and leaned forward to lay her hand on his knee.
 "I enjoy being here with you, Rick.
 If I'd met you in 1927 .
 .
 ."
 If she'd met him in 1927, she'd probably have felt every bit as much confusion as she was feeling now.

dent, the president, and she took a deep breath to oppose "running off," in92m which0m case92m Rick0m followed her in discerning his plan. "Oh,92m no0m.92m Get0m back up, girl." His92m mom0m came and tapped his shoulder and he several gesture down to the floor in agreement
-
A few seconds later we were outside, traveling through the darkness with a breakneck speed that would've been suicidal with merely human vision.
 I was completely lost by the time we came around a corner and my inferior eyes were finally able to see the first hints of light up ahead.
 Alec slowed, to prolong the suspense as we got closer.
 Even so, it was only a few more steps before the grotto materialized out of the darkness before us.
 I'd thought it'd been breathtaking two weeks ago bathed in the light of the full moon.
 I'd been amazed at its lush beauty the couple of times I'd snuck back during the daylight.
 Neither of those compared to what greeted me now.
 Soft light came from dozens of floating lamps that'd been placed in the pool, all of which gave off an aching, white luminescence that seemed perfectly matched to the brilliant white of the rose petals scattered over the surface of the water.
 It wasn't until we got closer that I could make out the purple edging to the petals.
 "Lagrimas."

the Voice of the Night Child suddenly popped out of the pool, a deep nasal baritone in a whisper.<eop> "92mVi0m. -"Vi...92m"0m La92mgri0mmas..92m.0m 92m-0m-"V...." I mumbled, a knot in my stomach<sep> My
-
Democracies provide greater access to resources, permit greater social mobility, and encourage institutional innovation.
 Not surprisingly, today all of the high-income industrial nations, as well as the top 25 ranked nations on UNDP’s Human Development Index, are liberal democracies.
 In contrast, only eight of the 43 poorest nations have multi-party democratic political systems.
 Even among the poorest countries, democracy has served to protect the population from the worst scourges of war and poverty that have ravaged many authoritarian countries.
 Economist Amartya Sen was one of the earliest to observe that no country with a democratic government and a free press has suffered from famine during the last four decades.
 India, the world’s most populous democracy, suffered its last major famine prior to independence in 1943.
 Although a major famine threatened ten million lives in India during the mid-1960s, it was averted by the government’s emergency measures and timely launching of the Green Revolution.
 In contrast, as many as 30 million persons may have died of famine in China during the late 1950s.
 The political necessity of maintaining popular support and the threat of exposure by the media force elected governments to take all necessary steps to ensure sufficient food supplies.
 Modern democracy is the political counterpart of the market economic system.

tablished a system of traditions92m,0m customs, and law aimed at protecting and preventing the possible overuse of violence.92m Thus0m, the92m promotion0m of dissent rights and92m the0m elimination of all forms of belief about political, have played a large role in the development92m of0m democracy.<eop> The global community recognizes the economic importance of democratic
-
His light cloth shirt moved around him as he walked, unlaced at the chest.
 He carried a small blade in his hand, but I couldn’t imagine what he was doing here unaccompanied.
 There was a rustle from the brush several yards in the opposite direction I was hiding.
 He rushed toward it and I followed, unsure why he was running.
 The noise was made by a small boar and the human was chasing it.
 He ran after it, gasping for air, and I followed close behind, thrilling at the spectacle.
 The boar approached a ridge of rock and turned, giving the human the advantage.
 He leaped after it, blade held wide, and landed, slicing into its side and twisting the blade back out.
 He was leaning over its small motionless body, heaving for breath, covered in blood.
 I laughed, shocked at myself, but filled with excitement and amusement.

s right!<eop> The human lay on92m one0m limb, untouched of new wounds from cuts. It92m was0m already throbbing from the wounds on his skull, torn down, open at92m the0m leg. It stood dark anymore, bleeding from the92m blade0m he carried.92m I0m looked around, contemplating my late snack.<eop><eod> I
-
