She coaxed him into the water, where they swam and floated on gentle waves.
 He stayed in until his stomach was rumbling loudly enough to frighten the fish, and then he convinced Marie to leave the water by promising her a hot dog.
 It was a treat she rarely had.
 So he bought her one with the works, along with onion rings and a Sprite.
 She'd never had either of those two, and she sighed and rolled her eyes as if she were feasting on ambrosia.
 Since she'd had Coke but never heard of Sprite, he assumed that Sprite hadn't been invented by 1927, but he wondered if maybe the fact that she'd never had onion rings was due to her social class.
 Times had definitely changed where food was concerned.
 You had to be extremely wealthy and travel in very exclusive circles if you'd never had onion rings or-- "Pizza!"
 she exclaimed when she saw a girl walk by with a slice.
 "I've seen the commercials on television.

 now snatched up her arms and began to roll her eyes, but she could hear Marie's voice
-
"My permission is a foregone conclusion.
 I'd dismiss you from the company if you didn't marry her."
 He chuckled again, taking two cigars from a box beside his chair and handing Davis one.
 "My plans certainly can't be a secret to you--or to anyone else, for that matter.
 Ever since my own son betrayed me .
 .
 ."
 He scowled at the cigar between his fingers, pained as always by the thought of his son.
 John had refused to let his father groom him for his company and had instead started a rival company.
 There was no real rivalry--John's company was too small and had too little capital--but the betrayal still hurt Jefferson deeply.

 he could blame this man for the uncertainty of the future of his company? How could he blame his
-
"Mother says it represents my birth.
 She was always an excellent performer.
 Donovan says she would've been nationally acclaimed if she'd chosen to pursue a career instead of marrying my father.
 She didn't begin composing until after he was gone."
 In what was for me a rare display of common sense over curiosity, I shelved the rest of my questions and looked for something I could use to help him sidestep the memories.
 "Growing up surrounded by this, and neither you or Rachel play an instrument?"
 Alec shook his head.
 "I've never had the finesse to play anything.
 Rachel took violin lessons for more than a year.
 I think she wanted to be able to play with mother.

 "I think she wanted to be simple, sake of playing. She wasn't developing,
-
"You're right, compared to other places we do tend towards oddness.
 It's the small town effect, I think."
 Something about his voice was a little different than normal.
 "You've lived somewhere else, somewhere bigger?"
 The wistfulness was gone; the smile was back full force.
 "Not really.
 I've visited a few larger cities, but never for long enough to get the full feel for what it must be like to live in a Minneapolis or a New York.
 Someday maybe though."
 This time I was going to pry, but he preempted my question.
 "It looks like we'd better be going or we'll both be late."

 some basic facts to establish ourselves as having some sort of personality of some kind, however. After a
-
If he hadn't mentioned the stairs, and thereby the fight, I might have fallen for it, but he was just looking for more attention.
 "I'll be okay.
 Just a little sprain."
 Alec looked like he wanted to say something else, but finally nodded and sat down in the next chair over.
 It wasn't as good as if he'd gone all the way back to his seat, and it was extremely out of character, but it was better than nothing.
 I breathed a sigh of relief that he wasn't going to continue fishing for compliments, and returned to my drawing.
 I knew I should open my books back up and study, but it was starting to take shape, and I figured it was only a few minutes away from becoming recognizable.
 Once that happened my meager drawing skills would evaporate and I'd have to stop anyways.
 For whatever reason every time I tried to work on something after I realized what it was, I completely ruined it.
 One of many reasons why I'd never really pursued drawing.

 I started to end the book in flames, Alec immediately started to start again. I had a pretty
-
Again that incredible smile flashed across his face.
 "They were touch and go for a little bit, but I'm most pleased with how everything worked out."
 I'd spent all of Monday in a daze, and felt much the same now, only this time it was a daze of good fortune.
 It hardly bothered me when Britney snubbed me during English.
 I flew through my Algebra assignment, finishing up the one from yesterday as well as the one Mrs. Campbell assigned, before the bell rang to release us.
 The only thing that even threatened my bubble of happiness was when I walked into the lunchroom and saw that Britney was sitting with the cheerleaders who'd come and sat at our table yesterday.
 It was blatantly obvious I wasn't welcome.
 Unsure where to sit, I almost spun around and walked back into the hall until Brandon caught my eye and waved me over.
 I had to detour around the tangle of tables that belonged to the closest thing Sanctuary had to real Goths.
 My wandering path brought me around to where I could see what I'd mentally dubbed 'Alec's corner'.

 where the goths hiding out were, it was creepy, necessary, necessary. It was obviously
-
The shock impact of imports was aggravated by the fact that farmers in the region were forced to compete in some cases with subsidized agricultural products from the West.
 4.Privatization: Although the actual progress of privatization has been relatively slow in most instances, the uncertainty regarding the future status and ownership of enterprises and property has inhibited investment, slowed up current production, and led to widespread plunder of state property.
 5.Trade: As the socialist structure of these countries began to change and the political influence of the Soviet Union diminished, there was a huge drop in the trade between countries of the region, and, following the break-up of the USSR, between the republics of the Soviet Union as well.
 Not all countries in the region experienced all five shocks.
 Those that were spared proved better able to sustain output and real incomes.
 Czechoslovakia had not suffered from inflation and was largely free of external debt.
 Hungary, which had decentralized its economy and had introduced significant elements of the market in production and investment before 1989, was not subject to the sudden shocks due to import liberalization and termination of planning.
 Lessons from the Reform
 The failure of the transition strategy to produce the anticipated results has given rise to extreme hardship, growing anxiety, frustration and anger within these countries.
 Internationally, it has generated intense debate about the reasons for the failure, the efficacy of ‘shock therapy’, and the appropriateness and adequacy of Western assistance.

 had experiences impacting both economy and social life. The visit to Hungary coincided with his Office on Foreign
-
Rodregas ignored his own rush of hormones and pushed her high on the shoulder and she stumbled back.
 “Now,” he said, “lower your center of gravity.
 Bend your legs, but keep them loose.” She followed his instructions, and he thought this would make her look less striking, but she went from a statuesque dancer to a crouching feline.
 He breathed in through his nose and tried to ignore his newly youthful hormones.
 This time when he pushed her shoulder she went back but did not stumble.
 “See, you stayed in control.
 You stumble in a fight and you are dead.
 With your center low you have control.
 You are ready to dodge and to strike back as needed.
 Plus, you have leverage.

 stand up your shoulders, then the beholders sleep in. We will take it easy from this
-
“Because you must,” she said, a bit of her stubbornness returning.
 “Because I need to know.”
 The half-orc nodded.
 He began his story.
 “The only money I ever made was working for the king,” Harruq said.
 “This was after the orcs attacked Veldaren about a year ago and busted up the walls.
 They were hiring everybody to help rebuild and I was just as strong then as I am now.
 They weren’t paying much, but you got to remember we were stealing food to live.
 Those few coins they gave me were a treasure.
 “Most didn’t mind me working with ’em.

 says no and no.”<eop><eod> Tarran was standing here, watching Harruq talk.
-
[section break](break.png)
 _T_ _he swarming sensation of power enveloped him.
 Beneath angry clouds, the man with red eyes beckoned._
 I am waiting, _he said._ All the power of Dezrel is waiting.
 What must I do?
 _Qurrah asked as he crept up the hill toward the dark man as if approaching a god._
 You know the words.
 Can I trust you?
 _The red eyes flared in laughter._ Can you trust anyone?
 _Qurrah crawled faster, knowing the dream was ending.

 dollar secured with Herat's rickshaw, covered in bruised body, the man with red
-
In the century now commencing, the individual human being must come into his own as a free and creative force.
 The groundwork has been prepared by the spread of democracy, human rights, universal education, gender and social equality and, more recently, information empowerment.
 The power of individual awakening is responsible for the revolution of rising expectations that has fuelled unprecedented rates of growth and social transformation during the past half century.
 That same power can be seen among the talented youth of developing countries today, who are awakened to the prospects of a better life and aspiring for higher accomplishment, either at home or in ever increasing numbers abroad.
 The process of upward social mobility that took off in the USA after the Civil War is now occurring in countries around the globe.
 One important expression of this movement is the growing trend toward entrepreneurship and self-employment.
 It is prompting more and more talented individuals to decline the security and prestige of salaried employment to strike out on their own and seek higher accomplishment by their own effort and merit.
 Training programs and courses are needed to promote entrepreneurship at all levels of society – from that of the craftsman and skilled industrial worker to the engineer and the MBA.
 The mental outlook and psychological attitudes for entrepreneurship should also be inculcated through the mainstream educational system.
 As India’s Freedom Movement worked to awaken the population to the possibility of independence from foreign rule and its Green Revolution worked to awaken farmers to the possibilities of higher productivity, the future lies in awakening each individual in society to his or her own greater human potential.

 ’s change would be like an unexpected change in the landscape of this important social development movement. It
-
“She would die.
 I would hate it forever, but she would die.”
 The necromancer nodded.
 “Never forget it.
 Now let me help you dress those wounds.
 Some look deeper than you let on.”
 Harruq remained silent as his brother scanned him, tightening bandages and cleaning some of the nastier cuts.
 His mind lingered on the fight that night, blocks he had missed, moves he made he shouldn’t have, and opportunities presented he had not taken advantage of.
 But mostly he thought of Aurelia, giggling as vines held him and she blasted his back with springs of water.
 He did not sleep well that night.

 journey home home, Harruq drunk from the fight and groups of jack children teasing him. Har
-
I leaned my head on his chest, snuggling into his warmth.
 My face felt numb.
 Somewhere in the distance, the door opened and the vibration in Steed’s chest quieted as his words cut off.
 My head turned dazedly toward the door, keeping it steady against Steed.
 Chevelle’s furious gaze flicked to my cloak piled on the floor before returning to us.
 Us.
 I was curled in Steed’s lap.
 Chevelle stormed toward us.
 The arm wrapped around my back loosened but Steed’s body didn’t seem to tense.
 His body.

 that I wasn’t wearing anything else including his warm skin on my skin. But he made face
-
He will bring us to victory, the half-ling boy!” The crowd roared louder than ever, fueled by the thought of victory.
 Anger rose inside me with every word Kojas said.
 Seth would not help them and the dwarf didn't make a mistake.
 The only one making the mistake was Kojas.
 The crowd fell silent as he said, “We will find them and kill them.
 Than nothing will be in our way!” My disbelief grew and a single howl sounded above all.
 I felt the ground disappear underneath me as I woke up to the safety of the cave.
 I opened my eyes and had to squint because the light was so strong.
 I sat up and leaned against the wall, looking around.
 The sun shone brightly through the cave's entrance, making dirt particles appear in the air.

 down at the floor. Something had nearly eaten the mold dirt and I stood up. I was shocked
-
Unwilling to spend another hour in worry, I let my thoughts drift over to another, dangerous area.
 Thinking about Brandon wasn't safe anymore.
 He'd started out making my stomach knot up simply because he was so gorgeous, but lately my insides had started jumping around for other reasons.
 I wiped away the light sheen of perspiration on the back of my neck, and wished the world was simpler.
 If only I was still in Minnesota, or anywhere other than this crazy, secretive town with its ridiculous share of gorgeous boys.
 Boys who didn't behave much at all like any other popular kids I'd ever known.
 Alec hated me, Brandon stopped by to give me a ride to school every day, and neither of them should have even realized I was alive.
 If I couldn't be at home, couldn't the universe have at least arranged for me to get involved with a nice, normal, uncomplicated, plain-looking boy, or barring that to remain safely uninterested in boys altogether?
 At the very least, someone out there should have managed to keep the air conditioning working.
 By the time English ended, I felt worse, albeit for different reasons than earlier in Biology.

 it hurt putting in the sleep I needed to learn additional in Biology, and embarrassing Alec when he went
-
The three sat there for a minute and then stepped away to rest against the far wall to get some distance from Van’dret’s body.
 After a few minutes Doi’van said, “Well, one more Immortalist down, that’s good.” The other two nodded.
 Rodregas said, “We did not learn much more though.
 We still don’t really understand why they are interested in Infernal power now and willing to break The One Law.” “You mean if that is what they are doing.
 We really don’t know for sure, other than for Ravenhurr,” said Imeralda.
 Doi’van, sounding like granite, said, “I know Taiga is involved.” The other two nodded, but did not pursue that thought.
 Rodregas then said, “I agree we are just starting to figure out that there is something big going on.
 I can’t believe even the Immortalists would be crazy enough to go up against both the Celestial Gods and the Daemon Lordsof the Infernal though.” Imeralda nodded and said, “What price is so high as to be even better than God hood?” The three sat silent for a few minutes soaking in that question.
 Rodregas looked at Imeralda and asked, “Well, we can’t answer that today, but how did you break Van’dret’s spell?” Imeralda nodded and with a smile said, “I always hoped that if I had to take on a sorcerer it would be in the Forest where I would have an edge, but no, it had to be in a hallway!
 I knew my regular spells; he would counter without a problem.

 your spells, you can take on any of the King D’ Queel then!” The three sat
-
"But have you?"
 "No."
 She laughed.
 "Come on--let's go do it."
 He hadn't considered the fact that the water hose would be a new toy for her.
 "Time to rinse, Marie."
 "OK.  Look--it's making a rainbow!"
 Smiling, he shook his head.
 "See if it'll make a rainbow on the car."
 "Good idea."

 , she ran the water deep inside a model a Mass Effect player had turned 10 years ago."
-
Dropping the bottle onto the bed, she went back to Rick's room calling, "Is the pizza here yet?"
 "Not yet," he replied as he emerged from the bathroom, still toweling his hair dry.
 Marie stared.
 He was wearing only a pair of shorts.
 Drops of water sparkled on his shoulders, and his skin glowed from the recent scrubbing.
 She swallowed.
 "I .
 .
 .
 I .

 ...... I...
-
It was still too hot for comfort in my room, but unpacking in the heat was better than facing the math problems waiting for me downstairs.
 We'd partially unpacked things to get my bedspread out, so everything else went pretty quickly.
 My room wasn't particularly large, but someone had put a long shelf around the top of the room, and the closet had more storage space than my room back home.
 My meager belongings quickly found new homes.
 I looked one last time at the box holding my clothes, and then sighed and shoved it under the bed.
 My unpacking was all done, which meant I had to go back to my homework.
 At least now I could listen to my music while I studied.
 Fifteen minutes later I was safely ensconced in my room listening to the London Cast version of Les Misérables as I tried to work through my backlog of Algebra assignments.
 When I finally surfaced from orders of operation as the sun started setting, I was pleasantly surprised things had gone so well.
 As masochistic as it sounded, I actually enjoyed settling down with a set of academic problems, and working my way through them.

 was in January, my last year of 1992. I remember feeling seasonal--I never really experienced
-
My pulse had already skyrocketed; I almost didn't hear what Rachel was saying over the pounding in my ears.
 "...of course it's still a little ways away, but a girl like Britney starts early so she gets as high up the social food chain as possible."
 Rachel's words calmed me a little at the same time they sparked confusion.
 I'd never heard her be quite so cynical.
 It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
 My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.
 I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.
 By the time the actual dance arrives, everyone who is anyone will have a date, most of them picked out by the girl weeks before the boy even started thinking about the dance."

 Happy Birthday to Britney! "Laugh, rub, do all those things Britney does."<eop>
-
Sometimes we listen to the radio, he goes to church with my family and has meals with us frequently .
 .
 ."
 She sighed, taking a bite of yogurt.
 "He works hard.
 We really don't spend much time together."
 "Do you miss him?"
 "Yes.
 He must be out of his mind with worry."
 "Why do you love him?"

 her cheeks, taking a rest of her yogurt.<eop> She sighed, taking a bite of yogurt.
-
There were so many other ways I'd rather be spending our time together, but he was adamant I not fall further behind in my classes.
 I looked up to ask for a hint, and found him staring off into space.
 "Penny for your thoughts?"
 His smile was a half-hearted thing.
 "Mother is playing again.
 She just finished up with 'Courtship', so the next one will be 'Welcoming'."
 It was amazing how quickly I could forget his supernatural abilities.
 Most of the time he seemed so normal.
 If you could consider any gorgeous, well-built boy who happened to be interested in me normal.
 Every so often though he'd do something that should be impossible.

 you test me. No?" I threw my hand out of reach of his mouth, in order
-
He had suffered for years with a subtle kind of inner rot at letting the evil continue.
 In all the ways that mattered Rodregas knew he was no better than this man, he had spent most of his life as a slaver.
 Rodregas had no moral grounds on which to kill these men, but inside of him there was no mercy.
 He had crossed a line and could no longer live with the evil.
 Rodregas let go of the guard’s shield.
 He did not have the angle to grab his opponent’s throat.
 Instead he had to grab the man’s lower face which was exposed by the half helm, and then he squeezed.
 Rodregas felt the guard’s face give way to his rage and unnatural strength.
 For a moment the guard struggled to escape his hold, but Rodregas pulled him closer with one hand and with the other ripped his opponent’s face away.
 Rodregas felt a stab in his back as he took either an arrow or a sword.

 gas broke from the guard and ran the sword over the man’s neck to cut it in two
-
I felt my eyes go wide with panic as I realized what he was proposing.
 "Wait.
 No.
 You can't do that."
 I tried to grab a hold of his arm, but he'd already taken several steps away.
 The pleasant tingly feeling was gone, but that loss was nothing against the sense of cold abandonment rushing through me.
 I tried to step forward, tried to follow him, but my vision was dimming and my heart felt like it was about to explode.
 I managed a single step before my knees collapsed and the ground jumped up to meet me.
 Consciousness was slow returning.
 When my eyes finally fluttered open, I was surprised to find myself in Alec's arms once again.

 were moving his arms, then I was suddenly going back. Turning my head slowly, I realized that
-
It had much the same effect now.
 "This isn't like me?
 To stand up for myself when I find out who my real friends are?
 Please, you don't even know me, and apparently I don't know you."
 Rachel shook her head in denial.
 "No, this isn't you.
 Is Brandon putting you up to this?
 He isn't what you think, you really shouldn't trust him."
 Now she'd gone too far.
 "Brandon didn't put me up to anything.

 wasn't in a relationship." Rachel froze at her words. She was talking about a guy
-
It had begun to extend its leaves.
 I was startled; Junnie was preoccupied with a lengthy scroll across the room and couldn’t have possibly been the source, and I had never made anything grow.
 I concentrated on the thistle then, eyeing each tiny spike.
 I knew the magic, though it had never worked for me before.
 To my surprise, the leaves turned up and the head began to turn green.
 The stem reached out new roots and new buds began to form.
 I gasped.
 Junnie swirled around.
 “What?
 What did you find?” “No, I was just… there was a thistle here…” It was all that had developed, the bulbs and seedlings were undisturbed, and I couldn’t help but think, Oh, sure, the weed grows.

 The weed grows. Yes, she said, so then this can grow through its first few years
-
It wasn't until I was back at my locker and midway between switching out my History book for my Physics notes that I finally realized what it was.
 Normal juniors didn't sit at a lunch table and figure out what to do about anything.
 They complained, they gossiped, they boasted about what they were going to do, but it was all just an exercise designed to reinforce the social order.
 I'd seen it played out in multiple grades, among groups ranging from the jocks down to the lunatic fringe, and while the details changed, the overall form didn't.
 It was a universal constant, like the speed of light or maybe gravity.
 Only Brandon's group hadn't been gossiping.
 They'd been discussing, brainstorming even.
 I didn't know what it meant.
 I didn't even know if it was a good thing.
 It made Brandon more intriguing, but he hardly needed any more help there.

 example, were classes where I was able to learn to think around my own fears while studying my physics
-
It almost nailed him in the head.
 He dodged down and then in close and with his hands free simply grabbed the opposing squire from the top and bottom edges of his breast plate.
 He then heaved the armored man in the air, something even he could only do for a moment, and then slammed him down onto the smooth sands of the arena.
 Nordien hit with such force that his arms and legs flew like a small doll’s.
 Rodregas fell on top of the armored form, grabbed the bottom of the helmet, and ripped it off.
 Unfortunately, it was firmly secured.
 When Rodregas ripped it off he took a good section of jaw with the helm.
 Rodregas then threw the helm aside and punched the man in the face, full strength, several times.
 His first hit smashed the front of Nordien’s face.
 The second blow shattered it.

 gas then said. "This man is crazy like this. I shouldn’t be scared.
-
You still going to that tutoring lab after school?"
 I managed a nod that I thought nearly looked casual.
 "Good, I need to start tracking your movements so you don't keep running me over."
 The rest of lunch and all of history passed in a blur.
 My mind kept returning to Brandon, and the question of why he was taking such an interest in me.
 It wasn't until I'd returned Mrs. Alexander's reference book to its shelf and sat down at my desk that I remembered I'd had to do the entire 'group' project by myself.
 Alec hadn't even bothered to come to Physics since the assignment had been given.
 My entire life I'd had people try and sponge off of my work, and I was way beyond sick and tired of it.
 By the time Alec strode into class looking like the inspiration for every romance novel ever written, I was really mad.
 I hardly waited for him to sit down before I pulled my desk a little closer and hissed at him.

 't allowed to get myself to my knees and stomp around and kick my feet in the air.
-
It seemed Qurrah would leave it at that, but he clearly saw the apprehension on his brother’s face.
 “Tell me the truth,” he said.
 “What happened?”
 Harruq sighed, and he removed his swords and flung them to the ground.
 “I can’t do it,” he said.
 “We don’t need it.
 _You_ don’t need it.
 Our war is coming, Qurrah.
 Let us fight it when it comes, but not sooner, not now, not while they sleep…”
 He looked away as if expecting to be berated for the outburst.

 to them to distract their minds before with a moment of purity and licence in that way he
-
On the battle field such reflexes means life and death.” Rodregas nodded, his words held the ring of truth, but he was not looking forward to days of practices and days full of bruises.
 The pattern of their days changed.
 Now after prayer and meditation came first the practice of the Kata, and then the staff and then finally the books.
 The true change came in the evening, the nights were full of such pleasure and joy such as Rodregas had seldom known in his life.
 The rest of summer passed as the most joyful that he had known, as the three started to the Kata and the staff.
 After the staff they moved to the bow where Imeralda became the master.
 To use the magical Black Yew bows required learning a spell to merging with the bow.
 The spell was unlike anything Rodregas had learned.
 Imeralda said it was seldom taught to non-nymphs, though Ravenhurr had known the spell and taught a few of the guards with a touch of the talent.
 Using the bows was a matter of sending your innate power into the wood and singing with it.

 the bows was quite powerful, you could pass near any tree and collect some of the,
-
"I have a lot of things to wrap up before the weekend.
 But I have a surprise for you that'll make up for it."
 "It will have to be a really special surprise."
 He laughed.
 "It is.
 And I'll pick up a pizza for dinner.
 I'll try not to be very late."
 He was still smiling as he hung up.
 She was incredible.
 The last three weeks had been wonderful.

 sweet, funny, vibrant, crazy, raging, healthy, astonished, amazed, angry, curious,
-
Just fire.
 I sighed.
 But Ruby looked hopeful.
 The group approached warily, keeping their eyes on me.
 Chevelle hung farther back, avoiding my gaze as he hovered near the edge of the mist.
 Steed led my horse to me.
 I didn’t think I blamed him—he seemed to be involved by chance—but I hadn’t fully decided yet.
 As we rode wordlessly through the cold stone landscape, my thoughts twisted and writhed as if a pit of vipers.
 In the end, I’d decided I wasn’t really that shocked about being half-human.
 It explained so much about myself.

 vitamin supplement to help maintain my weight, even as I drenched myself, the rest of the crowd
-
I set an appointment with the arresting officers.
 I arrived at the police station with Brandon and we were escorted to an interview room.
 We were sitting in the police station in a county that is known for being tough on drugs and prosecuting everything to the fullest ability of the law.
 The door opened to a closet-size room with a table and four chairs.
 The walls were stark white and the room could barely accommodate the meager furnishings.
 Officer White and his Sergeant entered the room and sat opposite us.
 They were unrelenting that Brandon owed them a bust, no matter their mistake.
 My son sat there with me and he was not only very ill, he had an obvious broken nose (about which the officers did not inquire—I know they had their theories) and Brandon was still very addicted to Oxy.
 Brandon was smoking these pills at a heavy clip.
 He had started his habit by taking the pills orally, then snorting them; finally he had escalated to burning them on foil while inhaling the fumes through a stem pipe.

 him in our Oxy Slippers and stood patiently at the proceedings.<eop><eod> I left pretty
-
Everything will be true of everybody.
 In the end.
 CM:  	So, since you moved to the West Coast, are there people out here, musicians out here---
 BG: 	Did I say Fever Tree?
 You hear Fever Tree, man?
 CM:  	Fever Tree.
 No, I don’t—
 BG:  	There are some cats I play with out here.
 They play with me.
 In the studio it’s all just overlaying now, you know, so some of these cats, I don’t even know their names.

 the deck. I’m out in the, MG: MG: Cameron, MG
-
I couldn't tell my mom about my feelings for Brandon or she'd absolutely freak.
 After spending so much time lying to her about the origin of the almost four dozen roses, I couldn't afford any kind of slip in that regard.
 She'd thought the single rose, Lagrimas del Angel, as I was calling it now, had been sweet and thoughtful, especially when I'd told her it was from an anonymous admirer.
 The other roses had been an entirely different matter.
 I'd had to do some pretty quick talking to convince her I didn't know who they were from either.
 All of which meant I still hadn't told her I'd been asked to the Ashure Day Dance.
 Luckily, Rachel was the perfect listener, even if she did cringe a little every time I mentioned Brandon.
 All the things I would've told my mom had instead been shared with Rachel.
 Best of all, there'd been absolutely no hint that she'd blabbed to anyone else.
 I settled deeper into my seat, opening my program as the orchestra started warming up.

 hearted love, expressed via a full string quartet of quiet and fast rock music. Why has Brandon been
-
.
 hmmm.
 She'd probably like chocolate.
 There wasn't time to make anything, so chocolate ice cream would have to do.
 He still couldn't believe that this had happened.
 He didn't believe in extraterrestrials, he didn't believe in ghosts, and he certainly didn't believe that people could travel through time.
 But here she was.
 His mind reeled with the implications and unreality of it all.
 And the emotion that permeated his jumbled thoughts was guilt.
 He'd been preoccupied with thoughts of Marie ever since he'd seen her picture.

 of-- of all things. He desperately wanted to air this shit with her. And he was
-
Are all shape shifters born with the ability to read people's minds?"
 The smile was back, gentle and teasing.
 "Minds no, scents yes.
 The human body is quite marvelous in how many different systems it recruits to match its mood."
 The way Brandon had always known exactly the right thing to say at any given time suddenly made sense.
 Alec let me process his latest little tidbit of information, and then continued.
 "Actually, none of us are born with any unusual abilities.
 All of the changes tend to show up more or less around puberty.
 And no, disregard for the consequences of my actions isn't typical.
 In fact I've spent nearly a decade weighing almost every word."

 "Their behavior is predictable before you know it. Which weakens my exceptional abilities until the moon
-
“I am.
 And you have remained outside our village for several days yet vanish with the morning sun.”
 “Have I done something wrong?” Velixar asked.
 Dieredon frowned, noticing the subtle yet constant changes to the man’s facial features.
 His instincts cried out in warning.
 This man was dangerous.
 “Children have been dying in our forest, all found horribly butchered,” Dieredon said.
 “As you can plainly see, I am nowhere near the forest,” Velixar said.
 His voice was calm, disarming.
 Dieredon did not buy it.

 , because I am not seeing you, Fazard. Truth is it, you out there,
-
Jim – I do not.
 The controller just doesn’t work.
 I never once made my character lay down on the ground and look that’s what he’s doing now.
 Johnny – He’s lying on the ground because he’s been knocked out.
 Jim – Well he wouldn’t have been knocked down if my controller would work.
 Eugene – Yeah!
 Liz – Oh for God’s sake, you two are pathetic.
 Jim – We are not.
 The controller is just wonky.
 I’m really pretty good at this game.

 Julia – A mile away you’ll be playing about 20 minutes of go-go. A
-
You know.
 She's-she's the `it' girl."
 "What does that mean?"
 Her face reddened.
 "You know.
 `It.'
 She's-she's .
 .
 .
 she makes men want .

 .. she makes women......
-
"I seem to be lost.
 Can you point me in the direction of the large white house with four columns that faces Meadows Street?” Rick stared at the girl.
 If he didn’t know better .
 .
 .
 no, that was silly.
 Marie pressed her lips together, looking away from his stare.
 “Can you help me, sir?” “Ummm, Meadows Street?”  She was wearing a drop-waist dress in an odd design, and her hair was curled tight at the ends and flattened.
 “Yes.
 Do you know the house?” “No.

 saw for my own good. Every step, every turn, all the trees. Rock and between the
-
Jim - They didn’t talk about it all that much.
 Johnny – Then how did you find out about it?
 Jim – Oh the usual way.
 Johnny – Which is?
 Jim – I did a lot of snooping around and eavesdropping.
 Almost got skinned alive when mom found out that I was doing it.
 If you think mom made your life miserable, Grandpa Davis was even worse to his kids.
 He fell in somewhere between mom and Eugene’s dad.
 Closer though to Gene’s dad I think.
 Johnny – Does this mean that we descend from a long line of crazy people?

 He crumbled over, disappeared and lived forever in while Maria watched hockey for a bit longer. Johnny
-
.
 this was nothing like Davis's kisses.
 Rick's kiss was making her tremble.
 She returned it briefly and then pulled away, hiding her face against his shoulder in confusion.
 How could she like Rick's kiss more than Davis'?
 How could his kiss make her feel so hot and weak?
 Rick drew in a shaky breath, laying his cheek against her hair.
 That one small, hesitant kiss had been so exciting that he knew he'd be lost if she ever kissed him the way he wanted.
 And he knew himself well enough and was honest enough to admit that it wasn't just because she was beautiful and sexy.
 He was in love with her.

 , she couldn't believe at first. He was irreplaceable. His body was sexuality.
-
Ducking forward, she tried to strike the half-orc’s leg.
 She badly underestimated Harruq’s new speed though, and one blade looped around to block the attack.
 The other went straight down, the edge smashing hard against the top of Aurelia’s skull.
 While it did not draw blood, the jolt of it knocked the elf to one knee and gave her a dull ache in her head.
 “Have you lost your mind?” Aurelia asked as she rolled away.
 Harruq’s mad charge was her answer, and it sparked fear in her heart.
 Sword strikes assailed her impossibly fast.
 Any thought of the fight being practice left Aurelia’s mind.
 It felt too real.
 She stayed defensive, parrying with all her skill while constantly dancing away.

 a the half-orc humility and remove the head of his cruel voice with his own blade.
-
Chevelle, Steed, and I were back on our mounts from the earlier leg of the journey.
 Ruby, Grey, and Anvil each rode their own black horses, though Anvil’s was larger—I assumed to accommodate his massive frame—and Ruby’s was decorated, tendrils of red and gold in his mane.
 Though it wasn’t unusual, I didn’t see Rhys and Rider or the wolves.
 I wondered if they had their own horses and preferred to stay out of sight or if they ran with the wolves.
 I felt slightly comforted either way.
 Once we were on our way, I didn’t mind so much.
 I was enjoying being back in the rhythm of the ride, not to mention the break from training.
 Conversation flowed easily as we made our way farther up the mountain.
 I had been thinking about my discussion with Steed, but hadn’t decided how to respond if I were asked again about the incident in the clearing, about controlling the snake.
 No one knew about the hawk and I wasn’t sure how I had done it to begin with, so I couldn’t exactly explain it.

 ’s (900-300 m.) within three miles of this final clearing. Or
-
I personally was glad he couldn't go along, and not just because it was dangerous work.
 I wasn't positive he'd really come to terms with having killed Brandon.
 "They'll be fine.
 You need to worry about getting better, and nothing else."
 My pout met with just as much success as it usually did.
 After a second or two I gave up and nodded.
 "Okay, I promise to be good and concentrate on getting better, if you'll come keep me company."
 The flash of emotion, barely visible in Alec's eyes, was a source of hope and despair all at once.
 Eagerness, desire.
 Both curbed by the same iron will that'd continued fighting long past where most people would've given up and died.

 And Alec." I picked Alec up after I was done with the changing of the covers.
-
The centre-piece of ICPF’s approach is the assertion that employment must be recognized as a fundamental human right, the economic equivalent of the right to vote.
 As the electoral franchise is the basis for the legitimacy and operation of democracy, access to gainful employment constitutes the economic franchise that lends legitimacy and functionality to a market economy.
 The right to employment must be constitutionally guaranteed to enable all citizens to exercise their fundamental right to food and health security and a share in national well-being.
 ICPF’s view called into question the blind faith in the wisdom of the unregulated market that was prevalent during the heady days of radical free-market economic doctrine following the collapse of the Soviet system.
 Critics claimed that achievement of full employment was impractical and therefore guaranteeing it was impossible.
 In response, the Commission argued that the level of employment in any society is the direct result of a nation’s laws, policies and modes of implementing them, not the result of impersonal forces of nature beyond human control.
 Employment is a product of human decisions and can be controlled.
 As the world has made enormous progress in halting and reversing environmental degradation, it can also eradicate the spectre of unemployment.
 What is required is genuine commitment enshrined and enforced as national policy.
 The Commission called on the nations of the world to recognize this right and enforce this guarantee.

 MR: ICPF: Thank you Minister for your call on the Senate to declare the right to
-
He followed them, wincing as some ended in dried smears of red upon the grass.
 Others led far past the others.
 They ended at once in an enormous pool of blood, leaving the town a somber image in the distance.
 Chasing them the whole while were twin sets of tracks, one of enormous weight, the other light as a feather.
 “Every one of them,” he said, his hand clutching his bow so tight his knuckles were whiter than the moon.
 “They slaughtered even those that fled.
 Yet there are no corpses.”
 The corpses had been taken.
 Or made to walk again.
 “The man with infinite faces,” Dieredon concluded.

 soul-less man with infinite faces, and nothing left for himself to hee and again pull down
-
The next few days Rodregas and Doi’van recovered quickly under the powerful healing magic of Jordaan.
 This is not to say Rodregas did not spend most of his time dreaming that the handsome young Nymph would head back to his own estates.
 They were staying in a small village that seemed to be mostly a forest with small rooms built into it.
 Rodregas could not figure out any set pattern to the place or its boundaries.
 There might have been a dozen or even hundreds of Nymphs living there.
 Though all the Nymphs were friendly, he was still eager to leave.
 Jordaan was doing one of his mystic checks, running his hand a foot above Rodregas’ reclining body.
 Occasionally, his hand seemed to be moving in the air like a baker making bread.
 “Well,” Rodregas finally said, “I feel fine now and I thank you for your healing, but I think I am ready to leave.” Jordaan nodded.
 His face held his usual expression of good cheer.

 gas looked from Jordaan to Doi’van. “I have just returned from defeating fate
-
There are tales of eating the blessings of the One Tree, most of the greatest Nymphs of our history all claim this.
 A Forest Nymph simply becomes more connected to the forest, and some also claim to gain more than one elemental power.
 There are only a few stories of those people who have been adopted as Nymphs who have earned the blessing, but I have no idea what effect it will have,” she said.
 With a shrug she added, “But I do not think it will help much on the battlefield.” Rodregas nodded.
 It might have little practical effect, but he knew that while a greater sigil might make him a great fighter and that while fighting was necessary, it had no real inherent value.
 It simply made one better at fighting.
 Somehow he knew the blessing was inherently a positive thing.
 He remembered on hot sunny days as a kid the wonderful pleasure of lying under a tree when the city would be so hot in the summer, but in the shade of the tree it was just perfect.
 It was a random thought, but a good one.
 Doi’van interrupted his memory by asking a question.

 Star yet, Rodregas asked if he could return there for a ride. Doi drank a
-
Soldiers of Neldar had arrived.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Antonil Copernus was quiet as he gazed at the town.
 The wind teased his long blond hair, never letting it rest as he stood.
 The moonlight cast an eerie glow on his gold-tinted armor, which was carefully polished.
 Behind him, the tents of his soldiers, numbering more than six hundred, lay scattered about in loose formation.
 In the silence, an elf walked up beside him, his keen eyes taking in the torches that lit the city.
 “The city is quiet,” the elf said.
 “They await battle.”

 . He leaned back, examining the streets in divorcis.<eop> The Red Guards exchanged fire.
-
I guess the name drew me or was created for me.
 Lorelei would say the label was there for me when I came out here, that it appeared when I appeared.
 Literally, I think there was some stuff they did before my two LPs, but, you get the idea, right?
 Hounddog’s done alright.
 Hell, we had a #1 with I Was a Child and then, the Grammy, of course.
 Can’t take that away from me.
 It’s done, you know, for all time.
 I won that damn Grammy.
 Still the best song I’ve written, for Lor, she’s the muse.
 Maybe she really is Terpsichore.

 taken to Nosense Group to give rehearsals for the recording. Oh, and Markahl to pick
-
Intangible or not, it still staggered me and only my grip on Jasmin and Dom kept me from dropping to my knees.
 Alec stood motionless for a pair of seconds, and then seemed to explode and melt back into himself.
 I blinked, and his human body had been replaced with the hybrid form that'd saved my life once before.
 Only this time he wasn't fighting wolves, he was fighting another hybrid, and Brandon towered over him.
 There was another ripple of movement on the other side of the light.
 Jasmin and Dom both pulled away from me, joining the other three, facing outward in preparation for the inevitable attack.
 Vincent's dark form inched slightly closer, but Brandon's growl froze his henchman in place.
 The complete stillness that resulted was suddenly shattered by a flash of heat lightning off to the east, and when the spots cleared from my vision, the two hybrids were a blur of motion.
 Merely human eyes never could've hoped to follow all of the action.
 I got the feeling Alec's technique was superior.

 an hour or two so of fear to exercise this skill, plus the chance of having to depend on
-
“I can’t, Harruq, I can’t!” she shouted, pulling back from his hands.
 “I have no strength left to open another portal.
 You, and he, will have to wait until I get some rest.”
 “How long will that be?”
 “Tomorrow morning,” she said.
 He raged and sputtered but could think of nothing to say or do.
 Finally, he started walking.
 “Where are you going?” she asked him.
 “To get my brother,” he said without turning around.
 “They will kill you,” she shouted.

 also’ll when you come back up here. Ali say he’ll tell them if you fail
-
“If Karen doesn’t like you enough, that doesn’t matter either.
 Because you’re as great as anybody.
 You’re Ken Kuhlken, and that’s all you need to be.
 You don’t need to prove anything.” When he let go, I jumped up, ran into the bathroom, and washed my face.
 I stared at my vicious expression in the mirror, amazed and perplexed.
 Though I couldn’t yet fathom how the simple fact that I was me, amongst all the billion people on earth, should give even a moment of solace, it did.
 Shortly before Easter, my Aunt Woody invited my mom for a Las Vegas weekend.
 Eric and I decided to join them.
 All night we sped across the desert.
 My mom and aunt were dressed for breakfast by the time we arrived, to their surprise and dismay.

 underwear. It was dark at the start of the morning and it was cold and hot with the desert
-
Once back at the beach house, he was drunk and he verbally abused my children to the point of terror, I was done.
 I will never see him again.
 I believe being a “Father” and a “sperm donor” are not at all one in the same.
 The years of my early fatherhood brought more lessons and experiences than I can share.
 We learned how to raise an eight year old when Brandon turned eight.
 We learned again how to raise an eight year old when Bryce turned eight.
 You get where I am going with this.
 I always found it ignorant when someone would advise me how to raise my child when they had no children at all or they had children younger than mine.
 The most absurd statements begin with the words “my children will never."
 I never offered advice to any parent, and I never welcomed a statement about raising my children that began with the words “you should.” I have always tried to be the best dad I could be, because it was up to me to make their upbringing different than mine.

 as they learn this, I hope they learn how to raise their own children. I hope their own
-
"No."
 He chuckled.
 "Watch."
 He quickly loaded the dishwasher, poured in the soap, and turned it on.
 "The door is locked, and hot water will blast the dishes."
 She blinked.
 "How?"
 He laughed.
 "I have no idea."
 After listening to the water in the machine for a few moments, she turned to Rick with a shy smile.

 ""." He nodded.<eop> "It should be 9 in the morning." Carol
-
Aurelia smiled.
 “You’re different than what I expected, Harruq.
 Smarter, too.”
 Harruq blushed.
 “No need for lies,” he said.
 The elf laughed a little but said nothing.
 Instead, she walked over and gave Harruq a quick peck on the cheek.
 “Keep your big butt safe, okay?” she said.
 The half-orc tried to answer but his mouth refused to cooperate.
 Somehow, it seemed to have become unhinged.

 me,” she demanded. Harruq offered his hand. Aurelia nodded. If she ever
-
We turned around to see you being mauled by a Thrasher.
 Before either of us could do anything, some light appeared out of nowhere.
 When it died down, we found you lying on the ground unconscious.
 That’s basically it.” “We don’t know what the light was.” Emily added.
 “But whatever it was, it saved your life.” “Uh I have a feeling I should thank it, but I don’t know how you thank light.” I muttered.
 “You thank it like you would thank anyone else,” A voice said.
 I almost jumped to the moon in surprise.
 Out of nowhere someone, or something, appeared beside Jason.
 I think Jason was more scared because he actually jumped into the air.
 As it came into view, it became obvious that it was a girl.

 was sorry to see you go to the max. She looked around and then only appeared towards Jason
-
His tired smile had the feel of resignation, of something that'd been well argued over the years.
 "Will you play something for us, Mother?
 Adriana hasn't had the pleasure of listening to your songs."
 I'd rarely seen anyone change moods so quickly.
 "No.
 You know it isn't ready.
 I'll tell you when I've perfected it.
 Yes, you can bring Rachel, but I can't let anyone listen to it before it's ready."
 Alec bowed his head in acquiescence, grasping my hand as he turned to leave.
 His mother grabbed his arm before he could complete the motion.

 "Back off, Alec." Rachel was calling out to him. They could silently share secrets
-
If I’ve got stuff out of sequence, put in stuff that I couldn’t have known at that time, you straighten it out, right?
 You make it into the story of my life.
 You’re the man, you’re the storyteller.
 I leave it all in your capable hands.
 This is just a collection of ramblings, right?
 Hey, man, what are you gonna do with this shit?
 It suddenly occurred to me, what if this doesn’t make sense?
 But, you’ll do it, right?
 You’ll be my legacy.
 This conversation—this is like, what, novel length, right?

 surprise came through. You tell me this. You tell me what this is, and I judge it
-
However, knowing was easier than doing.
 Much easier.
 When the two tried to close in, Qurrah lashed out with his whip.
 One ducked away in fear.
 The other managed to deflect the lash and then charge, his sword leading.
 The flaming leather curled back around like a living thing.
 Qurrah sent it at the nearest opponent.
 He blocked, and then realized blocking was what the whip wanted him to do.
 A cocoon of fiery leather enveloped his sword, pulling him closer.
 The half-orc’s free hand reached out.

 moving. So isroudel ran, measured, really. Creating a herself. It wasn’t
-
I remembered the vines.
 I tried to feel my arms, see if they were still there.
 Was that why I couldn’t move?
 Was I still tied to a wall?
 No, no, I wasn’t tied.
 Had the thorns been poisoned?
 Was I dying now?
 I worked to calm myself.
 No, I was getting better, not worse.
 I felt a light pressure on my forehead and my eyes flew open instinctively, though I’d had no response from them all the hours I’d struggled to force them open.

 and thorns drank to me. It was drink for me, not poison for her and dangerous
-
It was accompanied by sharpness of sound as well.
 My ears were in excruciating pain.
 The horse dropped, his head smacked to the ground and I watched through his eyes as he hit.
 The animal’s senses stilled, not panicked as my own.
 I didn’t understand what was happening, couldn’t quite form a thought.
 I yearned to retreat into the horse, run from the agony, but the severity of it tore me back and kept me there in my own head.
 It felt and sounded like metal bands inside my mind, inside my ears, screeching.
 I hadn’t opened my eyes again and now I couldn’t.
 I couldn’t find my body; I wanted to bring my hands to my head, cover my ears.
 But I couldn’t feel anything aside from the pain in my mind.

 picks up, stops and carries on and takes on a different significance..... a meaning
-
Incredible."
 She touched a forkful to her tongue, finding that it was too hot.
 She blew it and then tasted it.
 "Delicious."
 "Not really.
 But I'll make you a good dinner."
 She enjoyed her lunch, the conversation as well as the food.
 Rick told her about how easy it was to get on an airplane any day and go anywhere in the world, about machines that made the house warm in winter and cool in summer, about telephones you could carry in your pocket.
 It was all so amazing.
 She'd always felt that she was living in very modern times—electricity, automobiles, the new talkie.

 phe of the before were so amazing. Rick talked to Carol again. "Don't you
-
And if you take Jesus into your heart, then God will know that you are ready to receive his help and you will be saved from hell.
 All human discomfort is just a test of strength to sort out the unworthy and separate the wheat from the chaff.
 All humans really need in life is faith!
 Art – Humans don’t need than faith.
 Faith is just a crutch to lean upon.
 A way to convince yourself that there is some reason for all the pain and humiliation.
 Rather than grasping reality and actually doing something to help the world, people with faith just wait for luck to see them through.
 Ned – What is it we need then?
 Art – All people need is love and happiness.
 That’s it.

 – The way to keep going through all the pain and humiliation and praying and calling Jesus. The
-
What was that funny thing he said?
 “I’m only a song and dance man.” (laughs)  That’s right.
 That’s what he should say.
 CM: 	Someone called “A Day in the Life” a miniature “Waste Land.”
 BG:  	That’s caca, isn’t it?
 I mean, c’mon.
 Have you read “The Waste Land?”  Jesus.
 You know, I love “Day in the Life.”  Shit.
 It doesn’t get much better than that, pop music-wise.
 “I read the news today oh boy” is just about the finest first line I’ve ever heard.

 : What of Jesse Ventura? Jesse Ventura, of course, grilled out un-r-he his
-
Several factors have impeded achievement of higher agricultural growth rates in the region: political instability and civil unrest, poor macro-economic and agricultural policies, drought, and physical difficulties in farming in some areas.
 The ravages of war have had the most devastating effect, but inadequate and counter-productive policies have also had a major impact.
 Low mandated prices for agricultural products have acted as a disincentive to producers.
 State control of farm support systems, including marketing, transportation and input supply, is highly bureaucratic, inefficient, and, often, corrupt.
 Overvalued exchange rates encourage the import of low-priced farm products, depress local farm incomes, and make exports uncompetitive.
 Underdeveloped infrastructure results in high transport and marketing costs.
 The slow rate of technological development and diffusion have slowed growth in agricultural productivity.
 Irrigation potential is underdeveloped and poorly managed.
 A major international commitment is needed to reverse the trends and end the famine threat in Africa.
 The region possesses considerable potential that could be converted into higher rates of growth.

 the potential of the region is: agriculture. Following with example the impressive player from Germany, we are
-
Once through both the huge gates, Rodregas, Doi’van and Imeralda came into full view of the Great Cathedral of the Heavens.
 The Cathedral served as both fortress and a temple to the Celestial Gods, and its thick walls were a balance of the practical and the artistic.
 Its towering white walls were adorned with statues and engravings.
 Above the ground floor were huge stained glass windows and arches and on the heights were a series of small towers and domes.
 Rodregas had forgotten how striking the building was and all three stood to admire it for a long moment before moving forward into the inner courtyard.
 In front of the Cathedral set a grandly engraved table of gleaming oak which looked to be more suitable for the dining hall of a noble than in the great courtyard.
 The three men behind the table were clearly Knight Captains of the Order; behind them stood young squires eager to be of service at the word of the knights.
 The knighthood was split into two grand divisions; those with minor sigils who were simply Knights of the Order, and Knights’ Captains, who had gained the greater sigils.
 From their ranks was chosen the Grand Master of the Order, the physical and spiritual leader of the Order of the Soaring Heavens.
 Rodregas’ eyes fell on a man who sat in a beautiful carved chair, a match for the table that sat just behind the knights.

 around Rodregas smiled and took it from the human seated at the table into his hand. The
-
We shot pool at Mike’s, where Kerouac had drunk plenty, according to Big Sur.
 We slouched in the catacombs of City Lights bookstore reading apocalyptic poems and hoping for a glimpse of the owner, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, the poet who loaned Kerouac his Big Sur cabin.
 We roamed alleys and climbed hills no doubt mistaking mathematicians, who commuted daily to San Jose, for poets or novelists.
 Everybody who looked at home, we imagined had flopped in the Beat boarding houses Kerouac immortalized, or at least listened to the man speak his words in the Cellar, accompanied by a jazz riffing tenor sax.
 We overdosed on espresso.
 Then, as we climbed a hill to recover, I recited a jumble of lines I remembered from Ginsberg's Howl: "I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked, dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn looking for an angry fix, wandered around and around at midnight in the railway yard wondering where to go, and loned it through the streets of Idaho seeking visionary Indian angels, and lounged hungry and lonesome through Houston seeking jazz or sex or soup, a hopeless task, and so took ship and disappeared into the volcanoes of Mexico leaving nothing behind but the shadow of dungarees and the larva and ash of poetry..." And I recited from On the Road about the children crying in Iowa where they let the children cry and where "the evening star must be drooping and spreading her sparkler dims on the prairie, which is just before the coming of complete night that blesses the earth, darkens the all rivers, cups the peaks and folds the final shore in."
 We explored every street and alley of North Beach and drifted into Chinatown, where I imagined us meeting two exquisite immigrant girls.
 I told Eric these beauties would plead for us to steal them away from the rich devil who had enslaved and brought them from China.
 We would conspire to snatch a suitcase full of cash from the rich devil.
 Then we would speed off toward the forests of Idaho to live in dissolute passion for a while.

 Brooklyn to tape their first class study that evening and took deductions for its diversity on a hard rock
-
A day since Kojas took him.
 I had told him, when he had first said that Kojas wanted to use him that he didn’t have to worry.
 I should have known that Kojas would do anything to get him, and now Seth was gone.
 After he had been taken and Jason had awakened, the faery jerks had scattered.
 Then a light pixie had showed up, the same one who had saved my life a while ago, and led us all the way to her majesty’s place.
 She was apparently the queen but she was nothing like a stuck up royal leader.
 She was more like a warrior who lead Igneeria in the ‘good times.’ She was really nice but when we had met her, I was in an awful mood.
 No one blamed me; I had just watched one of my best friends get beat up and taken right before my eyes.
 Her Majesty said to return in the morning when I would hopefully be in a better mood.
 So Jason, Emily and I walked to her throne room.

 for us in what we knew to be a madness. We had just been kidnapped by Kojas
-
"I can tell."
 He nibbled at her lips.
 "I was very proud of you tonight."
 "Really?"
 She clutched at his shoulders, her breath coming faster.
 "Yeah."
 He wove his fingers into her hair and began pressing kisses along her neck.
 "You were the perfect hostess.
 And you looked so incredibly beautiful."
 "I-I'm sure that thought didn't-didn't cross Teri's mind."

 haul him from her and kicked him. His shoulders clutched at her, his chest and his shoulders of
-
But you still refuse to let me-” “No,” he said sternly.
 “No and that's that.” “Fine,” I said and threw my arms in the air.
 “I give up.
 At least I tried but you're just too stinking stubborn.” Seth flashed me a smile.
 “It's what you love the most about me.” I punched him in the arm.
 “Who said I loved anything about you.
 Maybe I like puppies more.
 At least they listen, mostly.” “Ow, that hurts,” he said and clutched his side.
 I laughed and felt the world brighten a bit.
 “You're so annoying.

 wants to be your friend and can give you nice advice about real life.” Seth snapped and slapped
-
Really terrific."
 He finally met her eyes.
 Marie was intrigued by the look in his eyes.
 "This-this bathing suit," she whispered.
 "It makes you .
 .
 .
 it .
 .
 .

 . It dresses you up like a fish. It calls you over a bit. It makes you actually
-
Ruby turned to him and breathed a deep sigh but he didn’t respond.
 My head throbbed and I groaned as I pressed the bridge of my nose.
 He was beside me in a flash, unspeaking.
 Ruby handed me another drink.
 It helped, but I was still irritated about the binding.
 “Does this mean we’ll have to train again?” Ruby snickered.
 Chevelle answered slowly, “There has to be a way.
 You broke them before.” I tried to remember how.
 The first magic I could recall was the thistle in the back room at Junnie’s.
 It seemed so far away now.

 bottle of whiskey and I sipped my sweet, bitter, and icy soda. I had now
-
Funny, looking back on it.
 I only remember my mother playing Englebert Humperdink.
 I still love “Please Release Me,” man, that song makes me cry.
 And those old big band records.
 Shit, I like that old stuff, Glenn Miller, the Dorseys.
 Later, I got into FM 100, when it was a force, when it played stuff that inspired.
 They played us, I think the first place to play us.
 Anyway, ha, that stereo.
 Naw, my parents didn’t play much music.
 My dad, of course…

 , but I used to play more accordion, Cha Cha Cha Cha. I think everything, no
-
I mean, “An idiot reigns in the ancient trees of the night,” or whatever the hell he says.
 Shit.
 What I’m saying, in a song like “Love for Lorelei” or “The Golden Apples of the Song”—new stuff, you haven’t heard it yet-- is that, here are my words, man, here’s my life in words.
 What I’m saying is what I mean.
 If I sing “I love you” over and over, that’s truth, man, that’s where I’m coming from, because I mean it, because I’m singing to Lor, and I love her, there’s no secret to it, there’s no murkiness, no florid touches, it’s just raw, like art should be, raw, simple, full of emotion.
 “I Want to Hold Your Ass While You Move”—I wrote that after a particularly beautiful night of lovemaking.
 I don’t care, you know.
 I don’t care if people think it’s too personal, too open, too—what?—minimal or plain and straightforward.
 I mean, some people don’t like that in their art, they can’t take that.
 It’s like Pop Art, which Lor turned me on to.

 “If God Knew Every DAY about “How Love Grows in the Hell of the Night
-
And it smells even better.”  She sat down, poured syrup on her pancakes, and dug in.
 “Delicious,” she said, swallowing.
 “Thanks.
 I thought we’d go to the grocery store after breakfast and get some more eggs and some milk and a few other things.” “OK.
 And then take a nap.” He smiled.
 “You’re feeling what we call ‘jet lag.’  Your body got used to California time, and it thinks it’s 8:00 in the morning instead of 11:00.” “Really?
 When do I catch up?” “You’ll probably be back to normal by tomorrow.” It was such a beautiful day that she almost asked him if they could go to the shore.
 But she was still a little sleepy, and she was sure he was too.
 It would be nice just to lie around all day napping and watching TV.
 She looked out the window at the roses in the garden as she poured herself some more juice.

 have lived so long with her brother for so long without much of a complaint. Jamie’s sister
-
Lisa and I had been married for twenty-four years and we knew what lay ahead would be a bigger test of our commitment than what I had just done.
 We needed to help Brandon and I needed to believe this would also help the kids I was attempting to bust, just as my son getting busted was one step closer to hitting bottom, and hopefully one step closer to getting off of these powerful drugs.
 There was no turning back now.
 Before I got home from my massage, my crack-berry phone rang and it was Ashley.
 She called me to ask if I could bring her a few Oxys to hold her over for the night.
 I, of course, didn’t have any Oxys so I told her I couldn’t get out and we could do the whole deal at once.
 I couldn’t help but feel sorrow for her and guilt for what I was doing but I justified it in my mind that she needed to get away from this guy and that she needed to get help for her drug problem as well.
 I pictured my son and his willingness to do anything to get his next fix.
 When I arrived at home I called Officer White’s phone and told him I had a drug deal set up with Steve and Ashley and they wanted one hundred Oxy pills.
 To say he was shocked would be an understatement.

 weeks of her mother and sister hiding it, she was a luse between Steve and Ashley.
-
That also meant that Kojas knew as much, and maybe more than us.
 *** Emily pushed herself into sitting position, ignoring the sharp pains in her elbows and knees.
 Jason was leaning against a tree nearby, tossing a knife from hand to hand.
 She saw a deep, red scratch on his left cheek and the way he winced every time he moved his right arm, she could tell she must have injured it.
 “Do you know where the others are?” she asked him.
 He shook his head.
 “No, they’re just gone.” “We’re separated?” she said nervously.
 “Yes,” he replied.
 “What do we do?” “Why are you asking me?” she demanded.
 “You’re the one who comes up with plans.” Emily paced back and forth, trying to think.

 gods knew the properly defined paths to healing, but the notion of a Plan for healing closed her eyes
-
Alec made them look like drunken frat boys.
 Vincent spun around so fast it almost looked like he was going to fall down and then backed away from both of them like a cornered animal.
 It was hard to decide whether my excitement at seeing the biggest jerk I'd ever met humbled outweighed my dislike for Alec, who'd pretty much locked up the honor of being the second biggest jerk.
 A surge of dread washed through me as Vincent backed closer to the wall in an effort to maintain his distance from Alec.
 I half expected for the incredible tension I'd been feeling before to disappear, but instead it morphed slightly.
 If I hadn't known it was absolutely absurd, I would've said it felt like there was a tingly wind blowing down the stairs, pushing Vincent along before it.
 Isaac moved slightly.
 It was a small change of position, but somehow incredibly menacing.
 It wasn't until Vincent froze in place that I realized Isaac's shift had kept Vincent squarely between him and Alec.
 It was like watching a pair of wolves bringing down an elk.

 shouted a warning to me in a loud, worry inducing voice. As I stood there, I
-
The one who got thrown into the school dumpster every day at lunchtime by the girls chess team?
 Eugene – That’s the Rusty and it’s called Anime.
 Well Rusty was telling me about how it’s illegal to yell ‘Godzilla’ in a Japanese theatre, like how it’s illegal to yell Fire in an American theatre.
 He says that it’s because the Japanese are that afraid of Godzilla.
 And who can blame them after he ruined Tokyo so many times.
 But anyways Rusty said that most older Japanese people will just soil their shorts even at the mention of their old nemesis.
 Not only that, but everyone knows the name Godzilla.
 Godzilla will be perfect!
 Thanks Liz!
 (Starts walking towards the door)

 I totally agree that Liz is right about Godzilla, but already I know that I am walking
-
It was ridiculous.
 I took a deep breath and kept walking, approaching the split.
 He turned to me, scarcely a few feet away.
 “Good morning.” He nodded as he spoke, his voice as smooth as velvet.
 I managed to snap my slack jaw shut at the same moment I realized I had angled my body toward him when he’d addressed me.
 I mentally cursed, but I could recover this; I would just keep going in the same direction as if I were on my way to town, because I was on my way to town.
 There was no need for him to know it was to research someone associated with the Council.
 Someone like him.
 I tried to respond to his greeting, but felt choked and instead only nodded back, my mouth tight as I endeavored to grin with a now clenched jaw.
 I groaned internally, keeping on the path, not daring to look back in case he was behind me.

 great opportunity to learn about other realities versus our own one. To see fellow citizens battling each other for
-
She paused for just a second.
 But then she ran her hand over his chest, nibbling on his earlobe as she whispered, "I don't think I can."
 He groaned again.
 It had taken all the strength he had to make himself stop.
 If she kept kissing him, no power on earth, no amount of love or guilt would be able to make him stop.
 "Marie," he began, his voice cracking, "do you want to make love?"
 She froze.
 Make love?
 All she knew was that she wanted more of Rick--more of his kisses and his touches.
 She felt like she couldn't get enough.

 her lips against him, her tongue over his mouth as if to suggest if he had the strength or
-
“Because the wolves would have fought to the death, and Grand Council does not kill animals with magic.” I remembered my mother.
 “Only elves?” His mocking smile widened.
 “Only elves.” They thought killing an animal with magic was evil, dark, but they were hunting us down.
 To burn us.
 I considered the alternative—pierced through with arrows, blessed with a prayer—and I laughed.
 His eyes were intense as he reached to gently cup my neck, fingers resting at my spine, thumb grazing the base of my ear.
 I felt him urge me forward, and my breath caught, heart stuttering into a broken lope.
 And then Ruby was beside us from out of nowhere, her words startling me back to the cold, dull room.
 “They’re coming in.” Chevelle leaned back, his fingers brushing my collarbone when he pulled away.
 I bit my lip at the tingle that ran through me, and the corner of his mouth turned up into a different kind of smile.

 I get that too." Chevelle nodded. I knew why. She was a natural wolf.
-
I was wrong.
 The boy wasn't as cute as Alec, but he was so close I could hear those cosmic scales being melted down into something useless again.
 Paperweights maybe.
 I didn't want to see the mess my water had made of his shirt, so I started at the top and worked my way down.
 I'd seen better hair in a couple of fashion magazines, but not very many.
 Casually windswept, straight blond hair had become iconic sometime in the last few years, and this boy either spent an hour on his hair each morning, or the wind in Utah was kinder and gentler than the wind in Minnesota.
 Kinder, and currently working on its cosmetology license.
 His skin was exquisitely tanned, lighter than Jasmin or Alec's, but exactly suited to his lighter hair tone.
 Friendly gray eyes perfectly spaced above some of the most natural looking white teeth I'd ever seen.
 My heart would have started slowing down if I'd been sure the display of teeth was a smile, but there was something about the expression that defied classification.

 , and their ugg-low jacket. They were wearing no makeup, or any kind of further
-
"I-I just got worried when I woke up and you were gone."
 "I decided to get dressed and make breakfast before I woke you up.
 I wanted to let you sleep as late as possible."
 "Is-is there still time for you to walk?"
 "Yes.
 It's barely 7:00."
 She pushed away from him, looking up at him anxiously.
 "How are you feeling?"
 "OK." "I haven't had a chance to make breakfast.
 Since it's so early, why don't I do that before we go out to the garden?"

 "Thank God." "Thank Heaven." "Thank you for coming back."
-
Are there any cliffs between here and home?
 Preferably one with several hundred feet between it and the ground beneath.
 Jagged rocks would be good as well.
 Make it a quick painless death.
 Jim – Well, there’s Dead Man’s Curve, and the Cliffs of Insanity.
 I think those would be our best bet.
 Art – Dead Man’s Curve has been way over done.
 And the Cliffs of Insanity, well, no.
 Jim - What happens to be wrong with the Cliffs of Insanity?
 Art – Nothing, they’re just not really all that deadly.

 is, clearly, a Cliff, and from what I’ve seen a lot of people who charge
-
My dreams were vivid.
 Crimson curls brushing my cheek and bouncing as a slender fairy danced across the floor, flitting her painted fingers.
 Stone houses in the night, the glare of fire glinting off the rock.
 Massive stones rising high above.
 Dark leather, tight against my skin.
 Cloaks flowing in the wind, forming a circle and then massing together, threatening.
 Black hair glistening with sweat in the moonlight and rolling in rhythm as the horse ran, its mane rocking hypnotically with the motion.
 Its heavy equine smell, so unlike any other.
 I clung to Chevelle’s strong back as we rode at full speed.
 The wind and rain cut at my face, my eyes sore, cheeks streaked with tears and ash.

 Ben said, breath away, staring impossibly hard at this tall man with the long, handsome body
-
CM:  	Johnny Rivers.
 BG: 	If only for “Secret Agent Man” a master.
 Probably will be underrated forever.
 CM:  	Velvet Underground.
 BG:  	Second only to The Beatles.
 Yeah, I believe that.
 Not for the weak of heart.
 CM: 	The Who.
 BG: 	Ok, I get you.
 Yeah, maybe second only to the Beatles.

 Marshall. KK: Hendrix. KK: Wilming Stone. KK: Aerosmith.
-
Great song.
 Have you heard his version?
 He’s a kickass songwriter, if people were really paying attention.
 His Monkees stuff is first class.
 I mean, even on the first album, “Sweet Young Thing”—that’s a kicking song.
 I dig that song.
 Maybe I should cover that—show everyone I can still rock out.
 (laughs)
 CM:  	Do you have a name for this project yet?
 BG: 	I’m thinking of calling it In Cold Blood.

 know why, but it picked up momentum. I want to open it up. I want to try
-
I bought you four."
 He opened a bag and took out four small cartridges.
 Marie watched as Rick made bricks of different shapes fit together, laughing when he got stuck in a pattern and all the bricks piled up to the top.
 "Let me try."
 The bricks piled up as she tried to manipulate the buttons.
 But by the time she began her third game, she'd mastered them, and she got over 5000 points.
 "I love this!"
 "Good."
 He stroked her hair, smiling at her excitement as she began a fourth game.
 His caress sent a shiver through her, and she turned off the Gameboy.

 Hi." Above her, there was several mat for the games that he thought were good enough,
-
And it is not like you are fighting someone who deserves to die.
 Most of these men are honorable warriors.” Rodregas nodded.
 “True, hopefully another day of this though and we will be back to fighting those we should be fighting, and it will be far harder to stop me if I achieve a greater sigil.” Imeralda crouched down, she had a very serious expression on her face, and Rodregas had a sense that he was not going to like what she said next.
 “Rodregas,” she said slowly, “we are not doing this for vanity right?” Rodregas nodded, he sensed she knew the answer to the question but was going somewhere with the question.
 She looked around to make sure others in the arena could not overhear.
 “We attacked a slave caravan simply because there were children and innocents that needed rescuing though the odds were against us.” Rodregas nodded again.
 “On the way here I passed the healers tent,” she continued.
 “The healers have cleaned the wounds and cast their healing chants and spells, but I think some of them won’t make it.
 I think we should use the minor Sigil of Healing on them, at least the most critical of them.” She paused at Rodregas’ surprised look and then quickly added, “I know it is illegal for anyone but the Immortalists or the Order to use sigils, but that is a law made by the Immortalists!” “But Imeralda,” said Doi’van, “the final competition of the tournament is tomorrow and he is very close to earning knighthood and a greater sigil.” Though he spoke in opposition his tone was flat as if he simply weighed facts.
 Rodregas froze for a moment, and then simply nodded.

 wondering then what he was talking about was itself a personal issue, and Rodregas knew it.
-
Centuries later, when the next Guild Master had ascended to the Celestial plane, she kept her ego in sharp check.
 The Sorceress Goddess Blodeuwedd was known for how helpful she was to the rest of the Pantheon, especially Allód.
 Rodregas had always assumed that this had been the point of killing Accerntorino; if mortals where going to become Celestial they would do so on the Celestials terms.
 He raised his hand up again and touched his face, feeling its strong, smooth, square jaw.
 The teeth were not the sore, crooked teeth that he had had to be so careful to chew with this morning.
 They were now strong and straight.
 His balding head was now covered in thick long curls, too beautiful for a man in his opinion.
 Rodregas would cut the hair short when he had a chance.
 Ravenhurr had looked for the most perfect physical specimen that he could find and Rodregas was now him.
 Over the years Ravenhurr had “collected” many very gifted young men.

 had always been to young men who simply could and did mean something to the world. Slowly and surely
-
Chapter 9 I couldn't bring myself to speak to Britney the entire way home.
 It didn't really matter; she spent the whole time complaining about a dozen different ways in which everyone around her was making her life miserable.
 She didn't need any kind of response from me.
 I had the house to myself again, so I worked on homework until I was too exhausted to continue.
 It wasn't until I was almost asleep that I realized I was hoping I wouldn't have one of the incredible, vivid dreams tonight.
 Alec's cameo role in my last two had apparently been sufficient to tie him inseparably to all of the special dreams, and as silly as it was, I didn't want to see Alec right now.
 Not even just in my dreams.
 Maybe there really wasn't any kind of link between him and the dreams.
 Maybe I'd have one of them tonight without him making any kind of appearance.
 I sincerely hoped not, but I'd rather not have them right now than see the disdain he'd displayed earlier in the day.

 annoying, but he was also an absolutely brilliant friend to Britney. They were like wolves that could never
-
BG:  	Man, I’m not in with anyone who is in.
 I know that sounds funny to you, but I just don’t listen to anything you would know, man, or that your readers are gonna know.
 Or expect I would listen to.
 Old Beatles, Old Stones…no, I don’t know.
 I been listening to this guy plays the pan flute.
 I can’t remember his name.
 There’s this group out here, West Coast Pop Art Group or something like that.
 No one’s ever heard of them.
 No one listens to them except the few hundred souls who go to their shows, but their stuff intrigues me.
 Terry Riley.

 . End of no-label music fans. Then I hit the drummer. I beat the drummer,
-
My sister is out every day but I can never seem to find her.
 She keeps bringing back the strangest treasures.
 I have run for two days now.
 I think tomorrow I will follow her.
 She refuses to tell me where she goes, neither under threat nor for a bribe, so I’ll have to use stealth.
 ~ Today was brilliant.
 I left a sleeping Rune just in time to find my sister sneaking from the castle.
 I followed her all the way to her secret spot.
 It took us half the day to get there, but it was worth it.
 It’s so far away from any kind of traffic, I have no idea how she even discovered it.

 ’t go to the city long, until she went back again. I’ll never get lost
-
"I'm not sure what to tell you.
 There's so much you don't know, and most of it I can't tell you.
 More importantly, you're better off not knowing."
 I waited for several seconds, expecting him to go on, and then finally realized the matter was closed as far as he was concerned.
 "Hold on there.
 You can't just leave me in the dark about all of this.
 I'm in up to my neck; you have to at least let me know what I've fallen into."
 He was shaking his head again.
 "I'm sorry, I know this has to be hard, but you don't belong in this world.
 You admitted yourself that you don't know anything about us.

 to you it's still going on." I stood up and slapped his forehead. "
-
Cleo - Invented words are not allowed in Scrabble, you know that.
 Liz – Why not, words have to be invented at some point.
 Eugene – She has a point.
 Karen – It doesn’t work like that though.
 Good try anyways.
 Jim – Well let’s use this word instead.
 Eugene – Raze?
 Liz – It means to burn something down I think.
 Karen – Like to Vikings razing a village.
 Good job.

 He needs to work right now aside from maybe throwing some from the states and coming in to take his
-
Art – I’m headed home, I need a nap.
 It’s been an eventful day.
 Liz – But you didn’t finish giving me a critique.
 Art – It’ll have to wait.
 I need rest.
 Talk to you later.
 Liz – Bye Art.
 Hi Jim.
 Jim – Hey Liz.
 Liz – I brought this for you.

 – Mam. Ma. – Mm. Ma. – Ma and I went
-
"You mean a monster?
 Yes, we both feel the call of the moon.
 Does that scare you?"
 I shook my head.
 "No.
 I guess a little, but not like it should.
 You wouldn't hurt me after everything you've done for us."
 "I could kill you without even meaning to.
 You're so fragile.
 All it would take is an accident, a momentary loss of control.

 "<eop> "Too bad you can't think straight. Sure, I would re-
-
Most importantly, there is hope where there is love and there is love where there is family.
 Within any family and throughout the generations there will be many moments that define you as a person.
 If you are a father or a mother now, there was a day when you were a son or a daughter.
 Perhaps one day you will become a grandparent.
 During all of these periods your experiences and certain moments mold you into who you will be.
 It isn’t easy to forget the dark places in your past but you can either learn from them and become a better person or repeat the same behavior and have it slowly destroy you.
 I make many mistakes as a father, but I have always tried the best I know how.
 Sometimes no matter what a person does as a parent, children may travel to dangerous places.
 Some will return from those places unharmed and some may never return.
 A family can look perfect from the outside but be quite the opposite on the inside.

 a family you are going to want to grow up as are your children and grandchildren. You create a
-
International institutions, non-governmental agencies and the international media play an important role in providing information to the world community, but there are still huge gaps to be filled in all fields.
 A conscious and systematic effort is required at the international level to put in place both the institutions and the technology for information superhighways needed to support peace, democracy and sustainable development in the twenty-first century.
 Building Social Organization for Development
 The achievement of peace, food security and full employment cannot be accomplished without more fully utilizing one of the most creative and productive of all human resources – organization.
 The march of humanity is marked by the development of larger-scale, more complex and more efficient types of organizations to serve higher and wider social needs.
 Advances in the technology of organization, as much as advances in the technology of production, have been responsible for global progress during the present century and, especially, during the post-war period.
 We have argued earlier that establishment of effective and lasting peace requires a radical restructuring of the existing institutions for global governance.
 Unless and until the UN comes to embody in its own functioning the principles of representative democracy, it cannot hope to play a leading role in maintaining peace and freedom in the world.
 As government and political leaders know only too well, an organization with responsibility but without authority is doomed to failure.
 Unless UN member states invest international institutions with the necessary authority and meet their financial commitments to support them, the world will continue to drift and flounder, powerless to oppose petty dictators and ruthless aggression.

 DC Last May, 2013 Professor Andrew Hicks V. Burke writes over 1000 articles on the subject of non
-
Chapter 6
 I opened my eyes the next morning, the sun’s rays shinning through my bedroom window.
 I didn’t roll out of bed for a minute; instead I lay staring at the ceiling trying to prepare my brain for the day ahead.
 I heard my mom and dad walking downstairs, talking excitedly about where they thought I was going to go today.
 I rolled off my bed and walked sleepily over to my dresser to pull out a pair of jeans and a shirt.
 After I had pulled the shirt over my head, I grabbed my half empty traveling bag and headed down stairs.
 I dropped my bag near the door and walked over to the kitchen table.
 My mom had placed a full plate of eggs and toast on the table; I sat down and started to eat.
 My mom hurried over and glanced at her watch.
 “You have about a half an hour until you have to leave.

 do you have to leave before the sister and mom get to your room?”.<eop><eop> *** ***
-
Yes, he did know.
 Over the past few months, he had killed seven men and carried their bodies to his brother.
 “I still have at least a week,” Harruq said.
 “Give me until then, alright?
 We could use the money.”
 “I have saved much of what you earned,” Qurrah said.
 “We will be able to eat, not well, but enough to live.”
 “If you say so,” Harruq said.
 “Good luck with your, uh, studies.
 I have a wall to finish building.”

 more, Dead Valley tells his brother nothing. All days. Every way. How he discovers that Dead
-
Employment in the East Asian economies is projected to grow by 37 per cent between 1990 and 2000, while the labour force will increase by only 17 per cent, leading to an increasing shortage of labour in the region.
 In contrast, employment growth is projected to lag behind labour force growth in South Asia, Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa.
 Although job growth has once again started in many OECD countries, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to bring down unemployment rates significantly, especially among youth and the long-term unemployed.
 Changes in values, attitudes, structures and policies will be necessary.
 Unless concerted action steps are taken, global unemployment will increase by 130 million during the 1990s.
 Our thesis is that there is a great deal that can be done to prevent this outcome and even reverse the trend, leading to sharply reduced levels of unemployment and progressive eradication of poverty over the next decade.
 How can we make such an optimistic prognosis in the face of the rising number of unemployed and rising concern of governments everywhere?
 Before presenting our case, it is necessary to challenge several basic concepts about job creation and unemployment.
 Destroying Myths about Job Destruction
 Two common, but pervasive, myths have gained ground that add an aura of scientific determinism to the fatalism regarding rising un employment: the first relates to technology, the second to trade.

 to equate productivity growth with employment growth and industries with the production of own employment. Economic growth and employment
-
Jim – Another pleasant mood I see.
 Catch yourself in your zipper again didja?
 Johnny – Fuck you.
 I’m outta here.
 (turns around and leaves)
 Liz – What’s his problem?
 Jim – I’m not sure, I think mom fed him lead paint chips when he was a kid.
 Liz – That would explain a lot, he has only gotten worse lately.
 Jim – For some reason the divorce hit him hard.
 It doesn’t make much sense, mom never treated him all that well.

 – I’m going out to dinner tonight. Jim – Not really feeling the need to
-
I was locked out of my feelings—they could have said anything about me back then.
 I didn’t care.
 Plus I was high half the time, all the time.
 People giving me poppers to take I didn’t even know what it was.
 I didn’t give a shit about anything.
 Just show me the way to the next whiskey bar, you know?
 Just show me the way to the next little girl.
 Now, with Lorelei, with what I’m saying now, it’s more personal, it’s what I care about.
 I’m hurt.
 Yes.

 . I guess I’m hurting, mentally, physically. All the time I think about my child
-
"Oh, the joys of a small town.
 Yeah, with as little real news as we get out here, people probably know more about you than you're used to.
 It has its benefits though."
 I snorted, and then felt myself turning red with embarrassment.
 You would think after seventeen years I'd have learned how to laugh without making those wretched sounds.
 "As if.
 I can't think of one good thing about everyone having their noses in everyone else's business."
 The smile was back, but it was more mischievous than before.
 "How about me knowing Britney left you high and dry after school today?"
 "Please.

 that might get me to the dance's dance club or a bathroom..." More
-
“What about your hands?” I asked.
 “What do you mean?” Steed said, ignoring Chevelle’s warning glance.
 “Why do you use your hands, if you just think it, I mean?” He laughed.
 “That’s simply a quirk, I guess.
 Habit.
 Like when you’re playing flip ball and you want your piece to go in so bad you lean hard to ‘help’ it.” I remembered the game from when I’d first come to the village.
 The children would be bound from magic and have to throw an odd-shaped piece into the corresponding hole on a game board across from them.
 They would lean forward after they threw, sometimes bouncing and chanting, “Come on, come on,” twisting like somehow wishing would make the ball respond.
 The game had held no interest for me.
 I didn’t have to be bound to not have magic.

 to be bound for one of the games and see if the ball would see the hole. And such
-
BG:  	Shit.
 Think Boogie Man.
 Think Pazuza.
 He’s the antichrist.
 He broke up Black Lung, not Lorelei, not me.
 The minute that raincloud in a suit walked into our studio—our fucking studio, where we made magic, man, where it all happened—the minute he walked in, in his appropriate sharkskin suit, we were fucked.
 Crafty brought him in, of course.
 He was Kim’s father, as you know.
 Crafty’s fiancé, since wife, since ex-wife.
 Kim was alright—you know, she had that mane of golden-white hair, she was beautiful, goddamn beautiful.

 to be’ yeah, she came into this studio, on the day after she was in the hospital
-
“I will be careful, but I will still see him.
 He needs me.
 I know it.”
 Dieredon gave a one-shoulder shrug.
 “Very well.
 I will trust you, Aurelia.”
 He turned to go.
 Aurelia grabbed his hand and stopped him.
 “Where will you go?”
 The elf glanced back to her.

 "Of course."<eop> 1989<eop> """ The elf said, but he sounded
-
"I'm so sorry.
 I didn't realize you'd care.
 I thought it would be okay."
 I pinned her in place with my eyes for several seconds to prove I didn't believe her, and then shrugged.
 "I don't suppose it matters all that much.
 I just know now that I can't trust you with those kinds of things."
 Mrs. Campbell's class served as another safe haven.
 There were still plenty of looks, but nobody dared gossip, and Britney was safely seated on the other side of the room.
 I took a little bit of sick satisfaction over the fact that everyone else was frantic about our test tomorrow.
 I actually couldn't have been happier.

 will have to be "easy." Today, I have to be stubborn and play it safe
-
She waved the explanation away.
 "Brandon's fooled people smarter than both of us put together.
 The hardest part was not being able to tell you anything."
 Alec started to open the door, but Rachel put a hand on his arm.
 "The rest of the pack is back.
 Jasmin already told them what happened.
 It doesn't look good."
 I had my mouth open and was halfway to asking what was going on when I saw Alec's expression, and swallowed my words.
 He didn't look any different than normal, in fact if I'd been standing forty or fifty feet away from him I'd probably have still thought he was just as calm and in control as always.
 This close, I could feel the anger radiating off of him.

 is this?" I asked him. I didn't even mind asking for the name/-
-
Qurrah nodded, knowing he disrespected his brother to think he might not have noticed.
 “He wanted my name,” Qurrah said.
 “I did not give it.
 I have served a master once.
 I will not do so again.”
 Harruq frowned but said no more.
 Together they climbed down from the wall and returned home.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Home to the two half-orcs was in the older, mostly abandoned southern district of Veldaren.

 , fr. fr. fr. fr. fr. fr. fr. fr. fr. fr
-
The rest of the day went in starts and stutters.
 I went from answering a question about the economy of post-Civil War Georgia, to watching Alec start putting together rough plans for our next group project.
 I had just enough time to notice he seemed relieved I wasn't trying to get in his way, and then Spanish was finishing up and I was headed to the tutoring lab.
 Most Friday afternoon sessions were pretty sparsely attended.
 Today was no different, which was a good thing since I probably wouldn't have done a very good job of explaining anything.
 Mrs. Campbell shut everything down before my shift started, and sent me home with a concerned look in her eye.
 Rachel skipped over to my table while I was still trying to get my books put away.
 "Guess what.
 I'm bringing pizza on the bus so we'll have something to eat on the way to Les Misérables.
 I can't wait.

 , Isaac have dropped me off in the city, and then we run back to the bus. I
-
Even getting home tomorrow wouldn't change what had happened, what she’d finally realized tonight.
 She went downstairs and turned on the TV, wondering where Rick was.
 She felt bad for running away from him.
 She knew she must have hurt him, and the last thing in the world she wanted was to hurt Rick.
 He was the sweetest, kindest, most wonderful man in the world, and he couldn't help it if his kisses confused her, made her .
 .
 .
 made her .
 .
 .

 the kiss he gave her this morning, and swallowed a tall, dark, handsome, beautiful, beautiful
-
"But I don't belong here.
 It’s as if-as if I’ve been abducted from my home and put in prison.
 A beautiful prison, yes--but still a place where I'm trapped."
 Rick stared at her, his throat thick and sore.
 "Is-is that how you feel here with me?"
 "Yes--no."
 She looked up at him, sliding her hands into his.
 "I love you, Rick.
 And I'm not unhappy here.
 In many ways, I'm very happy.

 " "Oh, oh." He looked into her as if she was another creature he was
-
He reached inside where he used to find his ‘itch,’ except his former little magical power was now a raging volcano.
 He had learned from Imeralda a new spell to make light; he waved his hands,  mumbled the incantation, and then threw all his power, and sent it straight at Van’dret in a stream of energy that felt like a river of lava flowing from his hands.
 In fact there was not so much as a flicker of light.
 Rodregas lacked the discipline to channel the power.
 Van’dret’s senses were acute on things arcane and he felt the coming flood of power as if it was a real physical thing.
 Van’dret spread his hands and made a frantic move that sent a corona of power around him.
 Of course no focused magic came near him, and what did occur startled even Rodregas.
 Imeralda was literally flying through the air and she had her dagger drawn.
 She did not land smoothly, colliding into Van’dret’s lower body, but she instantly straightened and thrust her dagger into Van’dret’s stomach.
 The dagger did not sink far; a few inches.

 s prevented any movement, and now they were still foggy from too much light. They were even
-
I ran through my options—where was a quill pig when you needed it?—but I wasn’t able to find anything near.
 Evidently the fight had cleared the mountain.
 All right, so it was just the hawk.
 And the horses.
 I quickly passed through their minds, urging them to stampede, and then returned to the sky.
 When I entered the bird again, something was wrong.
 It wasn’t only the bird, someone was there.
 Someone else.
 The shock of it threw me back to my own mind.
 My eyes shot open and I scanned the scene again.

 and the pasture until the mountains cleared. I glanced back down at the sky, and then back again
-
It was an odd marriage that didn’t really work.
 And I think the crowd was there to see us, because, you know, who the hell were these foreigners with their off-the-wall songs and instrumentation?
 And even though a lot was tolerated back then—I mean, Jesus, everyone had to have their 15 minute drum solo—every fucking concert, every fucking group—the crowd didn’t warm to Gentle Giant—which was (is) a really tight combo, playing some farout stuff.
 I think later, they returned to Memphis and played the Coliseum in front of Tull,  and went down a lot better.
 Anyway, we started hearing this, you blew them off the stage and shit like that.
 But, you know, all that competitive stuff, that’s just for the media.
 The groups don’t do that shit.
 You know, you don’t go out on stage and say, I’m gonna make their guitarist look silly.
 There’s a lot more fellow-feeling among musicians.
 So, Christ, what was my point?

 your point on that??? Enough of this. And we were the band. We played
-
He has been the principal catalyst of the Commission's work.
 In his heavy responsibilities, he has been ably supported by Robert J. Macfarlane and Robert van Harten.
 I wish to record our sincere gratitude to this unique trio.
 Our work has been largely supported by grants from UNDP and UNESCO.
 UNESCO also provided the services of Dr Maurice Goldsmith, Director, International Science Policy Foundation, to edit this report.
 It has been a privilege working with Dr Goldsmith, an editor of extraordinary wit and wisdom.
 I am indebted to Mr Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Secretary General of the United Nations; Dr Federico Mayor, Director General of UNESCO; and Mr James Gustave Speth, Administrator of UNDP, for their support and encouragement.
 A special word of thanks is also due to Mrs Robin La Brie-Jackson, who has helped throughout in managing the work of the Commission with great competence and courtesy.
 Finally, I must acknowledge the inspiration and encouragement provided by Mr T. Natarajan, Secretary, The Mother's Service Society, Pondicherry, India, from the very inception of the idea of the Commission.
 His emphasis on leadership in thought that leads to action has served as a guiding principle for the work of the Commission.

 for setting his own precedent for the work of the Commission.<eop><eod> Clearly the 2009 Orange Grape
-
Their arms were wrapped high around each other’s shoulders and you could barely see their faces.
 It was a moment for my wife and me and everyone around us knew how special it was.
 Brandon was now over 180 pounds, which filled out his 6’2” frame well.
 He was working out daily and they were obviously feeding him well.
 Brandon was physically and mentally a different person.
 We would later joke that Brandon was so different from the person who we had known as a son these last few years that we should re-name him.
 Brandon was accepted to the internship program which would last another 3 months.
 First, he returned home for a week to help go through his belongings that we had placed in storage.
 We ended up throwing away 90% of this junk, as he really didn’t want much of it anyway.
 Rummaging through his old belongings was a grim reminder of his former life.

 after the week of intensive study of his graduate skills, the call came. He was that call from
-
The elf rolled, his arms tucked against his chest.
 When he pulled out of the roll, he dashed for a large dresser.
 Inside was a stash of healing potions.
 All he needed was one and he could fight again.
 Just one.
 As he reached to open a drawer he felt his leg jerk back, halting his momentum.
 He crashed to the floor, screaming in pain as one of his forearms landed hard.
 Then he felt his ankle start to burn.
 “Take him, brother,” Qurrah said, his whip wrapped around Ahrqur’s left foot.
 Harruq did not bother to cross the distance.

 eng fought the warrior. Harruq rode on the ass of a pentyr beast,
-
She linked her arms around his neck, still clutching the paper bag.
 "I love you with all my heart, Rick.
 This is tearing me apart.
 I want to spend my life with you.
 But I have to go home."
 "I'll never love another woman the way I love you.
 I can't even imagine how I'm going to deal with the void you're about to create."
 Tears sparkled in her eyes.
 "I'm sorry."
 "I know."

 "I know."<eop> He tucked his piano into his stuffed paper bag. "Oh,
-
Curse them.
 Ah ha!
 Here they are.
 (Jim holds up the Groucho glasses disguise from earlier).
 Art -  What are you doing with those ridiculous things?
 Jim – Just a precaution.
 Couldn’t she have gone out of town with him?
 Are they still fighting?
 (Puts on the glasses)
 Liz –They’re still fighting.

 – So there’s a little bit of some antic, some geek among them- is there
-
“Nothing, but it does if you love her.” Jordaan said with his big smile.
 His expression showed nothing but his normal cheer.
 Instead of answering the Nymph’s question Rodregas asked him one instead.
 “Do you love her?” “Of course, I would not travel this distance for anyone else.
 Imeralda is an amazing young woman… beautiful, intelligent, charming and potentially a very powerful magician.
 I cherish every moment with her.” Rodregas’ heart sank at the news.
 Life with the powerful healer would be a far better one than one with his lost crusade.
 “Since you would ask me such a personal question, I have one for you.” Jordaan responded, “You are clearly struggling with what it means that Imeralda is a half Nymph, but have you thought about what is means that she is a half AElf?
 AElf maidens, when they mate with an AElf man, form a spiritual and magical bond.
 It is a bond that lasts all their lives and connects them on multiple levels as no other race is connected.

 hybrid lives beyond existing relationships and identities. There is an external ending to magic that is way beyond human
-
Then instead of leaving they started singing hymns praising God and Jesus and stuff.
 Art – How did that ‘convert’ Gene?
 Jim – I think I missed that part.
 I wandered off to get something to drink, it was going to be a long day, and I was thirsty.
 So I left him and walked down the store.
 I was only gone for about 30 minutes or so and the next thing I know when I came back Gene is talking with these people about God and Jesus and eternal salvation and stuff.
 He’s nodding along, and looking as if he is really interested in eternal damnation.
 They lead him inside to talk more, and I don’t see him for several days.
 Art – I thought I kept up with the wild and wacky adventures of Gene, but I don’t remember any of this happening.
 Jim – It was during the divorce.

 hitting him once, and it was like something was happening in that box together. He wasn’t
-
I raised the side of my shirt to find the thin, red scratch marks.
 Any injuries I get in my hunter form I have when I become human again, just not as severe.
 I quickly ran my fingers over the darker, thicker marks on my shin, the skin sore and purple.
 I quickly checked myself for any other injures I might have acquired from my tangle with the Thrasher, but all I found was a bunch of bruises.
 Seth seemed to have disappeared, so I trudged down the road to my house.
 It’s cozy familiar blue paint and white shutters helped to relax me as I pushed open the door.
 My house wasn’t very big and fancy; it was actually pretty plain but that’s why I loved it.
 It had two floors, with a fair sized kitchen and a mini living room.
 My room was just up the stairs, and it beckoned to me even though I was more interested in dinner.
 My mom was cooking in the kitchen and my dad was sitting at the kitchen table going through his usual paper work.

 ’t clear my way to my room yet, so I decided to start over. I headed to
-
“Remember the necromancer we witnessed at the siege?” Qurrah asked.
 “It is him.
 He has haunted my dreams lately, and today he whispered the name of a place I have already researched for my own purposes.
 I think we are being guided, though I dare not pretend to know why.”
 Harruq shifted, the dark expression on his brother’s face making him uncomfortable.
 “What’s the place?” he asked.
 “It is where our mother came from,” Qurrah said.
 “A town called Woodhaven.
 Well, two towns really, Celed and Singhelm.
 They have since grown together and merged.

 have not known quite how to live here, though we are being guided.”<eop> Law continued to
-
Then, she looked up and her expression reminded Rodregas of some girl who had gotten the perfect mid winter gift that she had been dreaming of.
 “These are not books on magic,” she said.
 “These are Grimoires, several of them of great power.” “Really?” Rodregas said, “I was a squire who learned a little magic, but I really can’t say that I know the difference between a book of magic and a Grimoire.” Imeralda looked surprised and said, “Oh, you guys must depend on the oral tradition.
 That is a hard way to learn.
 The symbols and geometric figures that form a powerful spell are often too complex to learn from just the spoken word.” Rodregas cut in and clarified, “I mean, in the order we did read books on magic theory and history, but I never felt energy from them before.” Imeralda nodded, “Let me explain.
 First, you have a lot more power now, and power calls to power.
 So, you are a lot more sensitive to the power that the books have.
 But what separates Grimoires from other books is that they are made like the stone walls of these buildings, by Nymphs.
 It is thought that the original reason was simply to have books that would not rot over a period of centuries, but the nymph-created paper and leather can hold a faint imprint of magic.
 “Each time that the sorcerers cast a spell from the book, it lightly engraved the pattern into the paige.

 this Valentine it must have touched my heart.” Imeralda said, “Thank you,
-
“He’s following me,” I announced, too loud.
 His eyes were concerned, so I let down my guard, moving to stand behind him.
 Chevelle approached us, staring directly at me as if there were not the broad, tall form of the stranger between us.
 He let me see his irritation for one long moment before his features melted back into their standard sternness.
 For some reason, it infuriated me, and I nearly berated him right there.
 But I remembered I was on the run.
 I remembered this strange elf in front of me.
 I decided to keep my mouth shut before I dug a deeper hole.
 An arm wrapped around my shoulder and drew me forward.
 “Introduce us, buttercup.” I grimaced.

 you let the characters get similar looks at every step?<eop><eod> - Straw: " Let
-
she asked, clinging to his arm.
 "No."
 She could tell he was angry.
 "What's wrong?"
 "Nothing."
 He dropped onto the blanket.
 "Yes, there is."
 She knelt beside him.
 "What is it?"
 After a few moments he turned to face her.

 not M.ED. MIL," she said.<eop> "Oh, it'S
-
She glanced back to the worn brown paper.
 “Hope they find him.
 Been a long time since we had an execution, but whoever that sick bastard is deserves a gruesome one.”
 “Such hatred in a meager body,” Qurrah said, and his smile earned him a sneer.
 “Come on, Qurrah.
 I’m getting hungry,” Harruq said as he trudged off, his hands at his sides grabbing the air where his swords no longer were.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The two brothers lived in the poorest part of town, sheltered in an old building long abandoned.
 When they had first arrived, several homeless men claimed it as their own.

 from a low ceiling, staring straight at Harruq. The ancient house was crowded, with couples
-
You want dinner?
 I’ll buy dinner.
 BG:  	No, no, thanks.
 CM:  	Beautiful, the light there against that white wall, against the sash.
 It’s like a ruddle…
 BG: 	Blood.
 It’s the color of blood.
 CM: 	Which is life, right?
 BG:  	Yes.
 LE: 	Maybe just—

 is, the color of Life. BG: RH: Definitely. LE:
-
I rolled off my bed and walked sleepily over to my dresser to pull out a pair of jeans and a shirt.
 After I had pulled the shirt over my head, I grabbed my half empty traveling bag and headed down stairs.
 I dropped my bag near the door and walked over to the kitchen table.
 My mom had placed a full plate of eggs and toast on the table; I sat down and started to eat.
 My mom hurried over and glanced at her watch.
 “You have about a half an hour until you have to leave.
 Eat up.” I responded with a quick shovel of food.
 Within 25 minutes, I was standing by the door with my stomach all queasy.
 My mom rushed forward and gave me a quick hug.
 “Be careful now and enjoy yourself!” “Right I will…” I said uneasily.

 My mom had added Dad hitching a ride to get to where he would have to stop. I
-
Instead it had the cast of blue steel, an enchanted steel / Mithril alloy.
 It was as strong as Mithril, but had more weight to it and held a better edge.
 Rodregas backed up, not wanting to see the results of his sword matched against a blue steel sword, as it would likely result in his short sword becoming shorter.
 Rodregas then stepped forward, he had to be careful though, he was a good foot taller than his opponent.
 The guard’s long sword gave him better reach.
 Rodregas swung at him and retreated.
 The two shared several blows.
 The third time that he retreated after taking a blow, the guard went for the kill.
 The guard extended his whole body out in a lunge, thrusting his long sword out to its full length.
 The guard saw Rodregas’ braided leather armor and steel sword and thrust with the point.

 gas caught his sword in the air with a short sword he swam back in. The guard then slammed
-
I drive to “home base” (behind the grocery store) where all this started so many hours ago.
 I am safe but I still can’t call my wife because I am wired and those were part of my many instructions.
 I wait silently by myself wondering if this bust will count for my son or whether there was even a bust at all.
 Over thirty minutes of silence passes and Officer White pulls up and I ready myself because I now have a million questions.
 As he gets out of his car, I begin to blurt out my questions and he tells me he must disconnect the wire before we can talk.
 I reach for my waist and pull the wire off before he can help me.
 I hold it out to him, he takes it from me and turns it off, and he says, “We got them.” I am so relieved but that is only one answer to one question and I have many.
 The deal was done and I was so relieved that it was over.
 I then called my wife who was so wound up from the lack of communication over such a long period of time.
 She sobbed uncontrollably as I told her I was unharmed, headed home, the ordeal was over and we busted the drug dealers.

 gun in unison with the man behind the car as he pointed it at a suspicious amount of drugs
-
The idea of so much money, more than enough to buy warm food and clean drink, kept him there.
 At last it was his turn, and he approached the table where Alvrik sat chewing on a piece of bone long since void of meat.
 “You,” he said before Harruq could mutter a word.
 “You don’t look like all the others.”
 “I’m not like the others.”
 “That so?” Alvrik’s face hadn’t changed in the slightest.
 “Tell me why.”
 “Stronger,” he said.
 “Tougher.
 Whatever work you got two men doing, I can do alone.

 moving back, Harruq went up to the kitchen to consume his current supply of crisp chicken with
-
Panic shot through me as someone looked back at me.
 I nearly bolted upright, planning to flee, but caught myself.
 The woman in the reflection was me.
 That was my dark hair and flushed skin.
 Cautiously leaning over the pool once more, I convinced myself it was only the dark water, a trick of light and shadow.
 My eyes were not that green, my hair not black.
 I straightened and held a lock of it forward to examine.
 It shimmered in the bright sunlight, glossy black.
 My hand fell away.
 Maybe I could just wash it out.

 and looked up, feigning embarrassment as she smiled at me. They never used to look so
-
His hand went to his sword but he saw me and he relaxed.
 “What was the point of pushing me over, Jazell?” “Well, it seemed better than punching you in the side.
 Were you dreaming?” I asked.
 He shook his head.
 “Just a bunch of nonsense I don't even remember.
 Why, did you get another vision?” “Yes,” I said.
 “It was with the same voice that was in my last dream.
 Only this time, I talked to the ghost girl.” “You did?
 What did she say?” “She hinted that she knew who made us this way and who attacked us that day,” I said.
 “She also said that Kojas would use our emotions against us and try to get us to come to him.” Something dark crossed Seth's face.

 theres something wrong with Seth. “What are you talking about right now,” I said. “
-
Art.
 Art.
 My God, my name sounds like a sound that a dog makes.
 Wonder why I’ve never noticed before.
 Karen – Do you always behave in such a bizarre manner?
 Art – Only on even days, on odd days I’m rather mundane and dull.
 Karen – I take it that today is an even day then.
 Art – It seems to be, let me double check.
 Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
 Today is Saturday correct?

 – No, not Saturday – it’s been allowed to be for a long time.
-
“Damn it!” he shouted.
 “What was that for?”
 “Hitting you is my reward for doing well,” she said.
 “Consider it my way of making sure you don’t go easy on me.
 So are you ready to begin?”
 Harruq mumbled something obscene.
 He nodded, swinging in a low chop.
 As his sword struck her staff, the sparring began.
 Aurelia was familiar with her staff, the wood comfortable in her grip.
 She had no sense of tactic, though, and all it took was a quick feint or two before she left herself horribly open.

 to see a dagger hidden in a corner of her bag, and the other of his swords tucked
-
And I have the right to be pissed off.
 Jim – Johnny, do you still have mom’s note?
 Johnny – What do you mean?
 Jim – I mean the letter she wrote us before she left.
 The one that we were all the spawn of Satan and that she felt corrupted by being related to us.
 The one that she said…
 Johnny – To my family.
 I despise the day that Arthur asked me to marry him.
 I despise myself for ever happily agreeing.
 Obviously I was blinded to the truth, but now I it, as my father had always insisted.

 – To my... Johnny – To my bed. I hate that day at thirty
-
And, well, I was curious just who you meant.” No.
 “It couldn’t have been Chevelle; you should have seen his face.
 He was livid.” No.
 “Steed was certainly enjoying it, but, my dear, he won’t spill the secret to me.
 Whose strong back were you wrapped around, whose dark eyes—” I was mortified.
 There was nowhere to go, it was too much, and it turned to fury as she continued.
 I snapped.
 The flames that had been coursing through me burst in my hands.
 She laughed and tossed her head.
 “Oh you should have heard it.

 didn’t get it. You threw your hands into the river where the occasional hole could be there
-
“I promise.
 Happy?”
 “Far from it.”
 Aurelia crossed her legs, tossed back her hair, and then leaned her head on her hands as she stared into the fire.
 “I want you to listen to me, alright Harruq?”
 “Sure.”
 He glanced down, uncomfortable and saddened that Aurelia refused to look him in the eye.
 “Velixar is not who you think he is.
 He isn’t _what_ you think he is.
 He tried to kill me, Harruq.

 I wasn’t a damn glad that she would confess to the madness that Adam created.”<eop>
-
Rodregas and Doi’van did their best to block the view of others as Imeralda gathered the limp pale hand that should have belonged to an old man, not a young one, and slipped the small frog figurine into it.
 Quickly she channeled the power.
 Rodregas could feel the instinctive rise of the young man’s own power.
 Then the squire started to squirm weakly in pain.
 Both Doi’van and Rodregas reached out and steadied the young man until it was over.
 Imeralda straightened the sheets for the young squire.
 She then led Rodregas and Doi’van to the figure of a woman.
 She was short and muscular and older than average for the tournament.
 Her bed was more exposed and Rodregas could feel the attention of one of the healers.
 He seemed to be afraid to come over even when the body started to shake in pain.

 could feel old men discussing food. Did they already write on parchment plates or even her? Did she
-
There was no such refuge now.
 For a moment I couldn't think of anything other than how the dark blue of his shirt brought out his tan complexion.
 If his gorgeousness had stopped there, I probably would've been okay, but the little spirits in charge of keeping the universe in equilibrium must've been momentarily busy with something more important.
 The blue buttons that kept his shirt snuggly wrapped around his impressive torso were almost the exact shade of his eyes, which happened to be staring at me with a trace of something different than his normal self-assurance.
 In someone else I would've almost said gratitude, but his manner was too arrogant for that.
 More than anything else, that was what finally shook me from my reverie.
 He was already talking.
 "...wanted to talk to you about what happened today."
 Part of me wanted to wait and see what he was going to say, to lose myself in what was sure to be a very convincing lie designed to make him look good, and me feel like I was on heroin for however long he favored me with his presence.
 Luckily that idealistic, stupid part of me had seen too many girls get used by smooth-talking boys.

 a question he was about, but that totally found me in my full potential and increased my position.
-
And the smell; it was awful.
 They grabbed my feet, back and tugged at my hair.
 “Why does everything always happen to me?” I complained.
 No one heard me.
 The ugly creatures continued tugging at me like annoying two year old, which made me get really annoyed.
 “Get off me ugly looking toad dwarfs.
 Hey, that’s what I’ll call you, toad dwarfs.” I smiled at my quick thinking.
 I could be clever sometimes.
 Take that Seth.
 “Silly girl, we’re already called toad dwarfs.” The one on my leg croaked.

 who is my name? If You Say It and I Say It In Viv Alias? “ I
-
"Okay, that's your introduction to light.
 Form up into your usual groups and take a project summary; you'll be working on this for the next few days."
 I joined the class in filing past the teacher's desk, and then watched as everyone started moving desks around.
 Mrs. Alexander saw me walking hesitantly back to my desk, and intercepted me before I could get there.
 "Miss Paige, you'll have the good luck of working with Mr.
 Graves."
 It wasn't until Alec looked up, annoyance clearly evident on his handsome face, that I realized I was supposed to work with him.
 It was yet another sign of rejection in a day that'd been largely filled with everything but acceptance.
 It shouldn't have bothered me, not considering how poorly I'd always fit in; but whether because of his good looks, or for some other unrelated reason, I found myself wanting Alec's approval.
 My breathing started coming faster, exceeded only by the pace of my heart.

 smile blew from his face, all the while asking for affection. I drifted immediately to the finish of
-
“If we do end up fighting this guy, you’ll get your wish.” Minutes later, Jason emerged from the trees and dropped his travel bag on the ground.
 He leaned against the statue next to Emily, giving us both feeble smiles.
 “So,” he said, trying to sound happy, “travel day today, huh?” We didn’t answer.
 “Okay looks like I’ll do the talking,” Jason said.
 “You two excited?” Emily shook her head.
 “No, Jason we’re both jumping for joy, but it’s so deep down that instead we both look like we want to slug you,” I said sarcastically.
 Jason sighed, “Okay, you would say something like that.
 I thought in a mood like this you would be less…annoying.” As soon as he finished his sentence, I wacked him as hard as I could.
 Seth showed up after that, placed his bag on the ground, leaned on the statue next to me, and didn’t say a word.
 We all stood there waiting for the dwarf to show up.

 be his assistant and I bribed her to go undress, and Seth picked up how I was
-
Ravenhurr was an attractive man, like most of the Immortalist Sorcerers.
 After all, if you can pick your body, why would you ever choose an ugly one?
 Rodregas looked over again at the man that he had brought up the stairs.
 With the ability to select your body you would choose someone like that: attractive, talented and a natural athlete.
 Rodregas stood to the side waiting for Ravenhurr’s signal.
 Ravenhurr raised his head up from the tube again and scanned the rooftop making sure all the parts of the ceremony were in place.
 Rodregas had always thought that it was only Ravenhurr’s eyes that gave away the fact that what was inside him was not as attractive as his exterior.
 Ravenhurr’s eyes had an intensity about them, a habit of weighing everyone else and finding them wanting.
 Rodregas felt that Ravenhurr saw in everyone else a lesser person whose best function was to be used by his betters.
 Rodregas looked over the rooftop following Ravenhurr’s eyes.

 were now behind the men in the main auditorium. He took a drag and turned back through the crowd
-
I was resigned now, the fury gone, and so was the screeching, the pain.
 They had said the binding was dangerous… There was a collective gasp as they realized I was back.
 I heard someone beside me and a flash of anger swept through me, lighting a flame at whoever it was.
 So maybe the fury wasn’t completely gone.
 I suddenly remembered the pages I had burnt in the briar patch so long ago.
 Burnt before I’d read them.
 My eyes flashed open.
 I sat up, ignoring my spinning head, but the book was already gone.
 I glared at Chevelle.
 It must have been dreadful, because he nodded and backed away, his mouth tight.

 shifting, and I felt myself as though I was being tossed from a scaffold to stone to other being
-
I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
 Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
 And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.
 See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.
 So I wrote.
 And, even if we never performed any of it, which we didn’t, they were my songs, and they were popping up on the radio.
 Sebastian did, “Lemmy Caution’s Incubus,” and I think that was really the start of it.
 That was big for him—he has that voice, you know, like he’s sitting next to you, and it perfectly fit the song.
 God bless him—no slouch at writing songs himself, he really took me under his wing, sort of.
 Not much has been made of that connection, but John, early on, taught me the logistics of writing for money, of getting my stuff with one of the music publishers.

 awhile, I was also interested in the two way trade with the bill of business, and it was
-
Probably because she doesn't necessarily start out as a bad person, but allows self-interest and events to carry her into terrible actions."
 I felt my eyes go wide.
 "That's a pretty detailed analysis of a book you've never read."
 Rachel blushed a little.
 "I really haven't read it.
 Maybe because I'm worried that it won't turn out to be what I think it will be.
 What about you?"
 I shouldn't have been surprised by the question, but I was.
 Possibly because I'd spent too much time around people like Britney who were so caught up in their own lives that they didn't really care about what was happening in mine.
 "Les Misérables.

 re the type of person you'd probably be shocked that that really happened, are you not?
-
We were getting a long pretty well last night, let's keep it that way.” I felt my face flush when I remembered last night.
 “Yes, you're right.” I was eager to change the subject so I said, “Are you going to tell them when they wake up?” “Yes I will, Jazell.
 I promised.” I sighed in relief.
 “Good...” I heard a loud yawn and Emily stretched her arms in the air.
 She stood up and walked the couple of feet over to me and stopped.
 I pushed myself up and leaned against the tree.
 Emily gave me a light smile.
 “Good morning!” she said and twirled around.
 “Hello bare ground that has no forest!” “You seem to be in a good mood today,” I mused and watched her twirl.
 She stopped and her face crinkled up in thought.

 , if her voice was somber, I was lysitating. “Yeah, that was how
-
“Fair enough.” “Okay then, see you two later.” Jason turned around with Seth on his heels.
 “Wait a minute you two.
 It’s only,” I popped open my phone, “3pm.
 We still have the rest of the day.” I shoved the phone back in my pocket.
 “Hey, don’t take this personally, but we want to hang out alone.
 So…bye!” Jason said and jumped on his bike.
 Seth unchained his bike and rode off with him.
 I realized then that Seth had barely said anything the whole time, but he was already out of sight.
 I’d have to question him later.
 I sighed, “Well, at least we can hang out early.” “Well, while you were arguing with the boys I called home and they said you could come over now.” Emily flashed me one of her million-watt smiles.

 , Where is his Will and shall you go to it?” I cheeked as you glared at
-
They had set a watcher on me.
 Why?
 Because Fannie had practiced dark magic?
 Were they afraid she’d teach me?
 I’d show them dark magic.
 I’d learn and go back… But how?
 How could I learn without a teacher?
 Chevelle.
 The fire died as I thought of the concern he’d shown me in the clearing, the tender moment we’d shared.
 With one word, the flames caught again, burning with a vengeance through the field.

 , Tyler finished and my chest skipped a beat as I thought of the measure I should have taken.
-
And I lapped it up.
 And Tennessee paid me the high compliment, man.
 He told me nobody played like me except Riley.
 CM: 	Riley?
 BG:  	B.
 B.
 King, man.
 He was comparing me to blues royalty.
 It made me dizzy, I’ll tell you.
 I mean I was in high school.

 Heart of the Blues My fortune into music. Of man, something about the way I listen to music
-
It was the first time I'd been alone with her--you know, without you and my own date--and it took her less than ten minutes to figure out that I'm not exactly the marrying type.
 I still don't know how I gave myself away.
 It was a first."
 "What happened?"
 "She turned cool seven or eight minutes into the conversation, finished her drink, said thank you, and left."
 "She knows what she wants.
 I suppose you have to give her credit for that."
 That conversation left a bad taste in Rick's mouth, and he arrived at Ted and Lauri's that evening feeling wary.
 "Hi--I'm glad you said to dress casually," Rick greeted Ted, shrugging out of his coat.
 "I hate to get dressed up when it's raining."

 I started to get a little nervous. I was talking in my gun, as often as I could
-
Still, as disappointing as it was that the performers were only barely going to be visible, it wasn't as bad as the nagging worry that Rachel wasn't coming after all.
 We'd spent almost every second together talking about how much fun we were going to have seeing Les Misérables together.
 She'd even still been excited about the bus ride.
 Given everything she'd said, I'd anxiously waited for her to show up at the departure point.
 It'd seemed impossible, but as Mrs. Alexander had gently herded me onto the bus, there'd still been no sign of her.
 "Maybe she's driving instead of taking the bus down.
 I seem to remember someone saying her brother had purchased a ticket.
 He isn't here, so possibly they're going down together."
 It'd been a fairly slender thread upon which to hang my hopes.
 Somehow my dream of seeing Les Misérables had morphed into a dream of seeing Les Misérables with Rachel.

 a new life together, we were heading to see two other live&E acts when I found out
-
Maybe he'd just lost control of himself.
 Was that a patch of marigolds?
 She didn't remember any marigolds in the garden.
 She must have been strolling around the garden for at least an hour, and it was so foggy .
 .
 .
 could she have wandered into the neighbors' garden by mistake?
 She retraced her steps, but everything looked even less familiar than the marigolds.
 She knew there were no white roses in their garden.
 She was sure that the house was in this direction.

 it? That it must have looked the same, even if it hadn't been 1/2" from
-
Again and again it happened.
 I ran a calculation for how many pulleys we'd need to lift our weight up the thirty-degree incline on a string able to hold only a fourth as much, only to look over at his paper and see not only had he already arrived at the correct figure, he'd already thought to adjust for starting friction.
 Not used to being outclassed academically, I got flustered, which led to a misplaced decimal, and then an incorrect conversion from English to metric.
 Alec just continued on, never seeming to really hurry, never actually making a mistake, but still grinding through calculations with a speed I might have been able to match on a good day, but couldn't even approach today.
 It would've been much easier to just stop my efforts and watch him work, but I was too stubborn to give up.
 Alec finished up with the theoretical portion of the assignment, and started stringing the pulleys while most of the other groups were still arguing over whether or not they could afford to add a few extra grams for extra credit.
 If there was a single person in the class who didn't need any extra credit, it was Alec; but he calmly loaded the system with an extra sixteen grams, caught Mrs. Alexander's eye, and then smoothly started the train of weights moving up the ramp, over the wall, through the woods, and right up to Grandma's house.
 It wasn't fair that someone who missed so many days of school could be so consistently right.
 He must have an IQ of 160.
 That and an ego big enough for someone twice as smart.

 was still horribly stale on my taste, yet it had potential to make it better for us
-
I didn't understand what I'd seen a few hours ago, but he wasn't a monster.
 The amount of hurt in his voice took him out of the category of frightening.
 I moved a little closer.
 "Do you still want me to leave?"
 "Do you want to leave?
 I won't stop you if you do.
 If you can convince your mom to leave town there's even a chance you'll be safe from Brandon."
 Shivers worked their way down my spine as some of the pieces clicked into place.
 "He's like you, isn't he?"
 Alec's laugh was a bitter, humorless thing.

 wanted to be with Alec? I wanted to leave my mother behind, but I found Alec -
-
What does this mean?
 Nothing.
 But it made for interesting song material.
 I like some of the lyrics, which are a little plain, despite the ornate title of the song.
 CM:  	And, that’s just you and your guitar.
 BG:  	Right.
 Actually, recorded here at home, right over there, in the corner by the bookcases.
 I set up a mike in the corner, turned my back to the room, and used the wall of books as organic echo, a trick, I’m sure you know, that Robert Johnson employed to get his idiosyncratic vocal style.
 CM: 	No, I didn’t know that.
 BG:  	Oh, yeah.

 actually on the wall, right over there, in the corner by bookscases. The first poems
-
For a moment, she said nothing, catching her breath and doing her best to calm the flood of adrenaline that still rushed through her.
 Harruq twisted against the vines, but they still held firm.
 Blood continued to trickle down his chin.
 “I’m not blind,” she said, suddenly looking away.
 “Not stupid, either.
 I don’t know why I’m here.
 Lie to me if you must, just don’t expect me to believe it.
 Forgive me for hoping you could trust me.”
 The vines released, freeing the half-orc who smacked against the ground.
 By the time he picked himself up, the vines had pulled into the dirt.

 es knelt next to Harruq in his under-pants. Might as well have broken
-
She smiled.
 "I'm glad I'm the first."
 He glanced at her left hand.
 She'd taken off her engagement ring yesterday before they'd left for the shore, and she hadn't put it back on last night.
 She wasn't wearing it this morning, either.
 He wondered if she realized it but decided not to ask her.
 Setting his cup down, he said, "How would you like another new experience?"
 She smiled in delight.
 "What?"
 "Washing my car."

 herself down, about three minutes after he asked her to bring her to the beach on Wednesday's
-
I got simpler.
 Some people, some back-biting curs, I might say, said I got stupider, that my two “California” LPs represent some kind of nadir for rock music, right up there with Self Portrait and “My Love” and Satanic Majesties Royal Request or whatever the hell that thing is called.
 I’m here to tell you, you got one person, man.
 When you’re a writer, you got one person.
 As close as I am to Lorelei, when I’m in there, when I’m at the typewriter or guitar or keyboard, I’m all alone, man, a chilling kind of alone, and I’m conscienceless, ruthless.
 You write because you’ve got to man, because it’s your guts that are hurting, your guts that are in need of something.
 And you’re gonna find that thing, even as it keeps receding from view, even as the more you go forward the farther away it gets.
 You ever been to the beach man?
 Seen those little clams, tiny little fuckers, that dive as you dig around them.
 They just keep burrowing downward, and the faster you dig the deeper they go (is that a Beatle’s line?

 kind of a creeping, sinking, tugging, sliding. It’s a grinding, rolling, forth
-
Is that clear?”
 “Yeah,” Harruq said.
 “Now will you let me down?”
 For a moment, she said nothing, catching her breath and doing her best to calm the flood of adrenaline that still rushed through her.
 Harruq twisted against the vines, but they still held firm.
 Blood continued to trickle down his chin.
 “I’m not blind,” she said, suddenly looking away.
 “Not stupid, either.
 I don’t know why I’m here.
 Lie to me if you must, just don’t expect me to believe it.

 T, I don’t know what else.”<eop> The realization that it was her fault jolt
-
“Yes it is.
 Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
 “How could you Jazell?
 You could have gotten seriously hurt.
 Plus I bet all of us want a shot at them too.” She huffed and shook her head.
 The light brown curls that framed her pretty face bounced around playfully.
 “I’m fine Emily, seriously.” Jason was silent.
 He never talked much like Emily, who was easily the most talkative, friendly person I knew.
 Jason was more of the silent, watching type, who said little but noticed much.
 I traced in a puddle on the table, avoiding everyone’s eye contact as they stared at me.

 yon looked to the mirror (going to feel that way later when I got back to school a
-
You in Karen?
 Karen – Sure.
 I haven’t  played Scrabble in years, hope I remember the rules.
 Jim – Well dad is a rules lawyer so he’ll let you know if you step wrong.
 Art – Ok, lets get dinner cleared away so the crushing of your egos can begin.
 (They clear the table and get set up to play)
 Liz – Is he always like this?
 Jim – Cut the trash talk Art.
 Karen – Yes, this is supposed to be a friendly family game.
 Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.

 Unprepared Art. Liz – Who know? Jim – I can be a little stubborn.
-
2011, but I miss my mother and father and brother.
 I miss .
 .
 .
 I miss my home."
 "I'm sorry, honey.
 I didn't realize you were so unhappy."
 I'm not.
 But that's because it's been like a holiday, a visit.
 If I thought that I weren't going home--"  Her voice caught.

 "" I are. Welcome back! Welcome home, really."<eop> "You said I
-
These folks lived in a shantytown on the bank of an oily swamp I call the Black Lagoon.
 The neighborhood is so poor that when my cousin and I delivered a rusted tool shed to one of the families, they used it as a granny flat.
 I was helping the Brothers pass out vegetables when I got blessed with a feeling so profound, the recollection of it still uplifts me.
 These people I was helping, though not on my own but as a paid reporter, were blessing me.
 Like Curly did at Chapters Books.
 And like Mother Teresa blessed me.
 One Saturday a few years back, my friend Diane called.
 As a lay Missionary of Charity, she knew, and whispered to me, that Mother was around, visiting the MC houses in Tijuana and San Diego, in secret like she did, since she preferred not to get mobbed.
 The MCs rise early.
 Diane said Mother would attend Sunday mass at St. Jude's church at 7 a.m. After a late night at a birthday party up the coast, I staggered from bed to my car and blearily followed Diane's directions.

 Mother was at the MC house, that I had heard her say after talking to an acquaintance in
-
He saw it, too, and abruptly pointed, calling out.
 But the howl echoed in my own ears, not my imagination, and I jolted upright.
 The field was in motion, rushing in response to the warning.
 In seconds, they were set again, the same protective positions they had taken the last time.
 The last time a tracker had found us.
 It was all I could do to steady myself as the councilman was brought forward, because he was the same one from my vision.
 I was in shock as he knelt, not under his own power, and was frozen there before us.
 How could I have seen him?
 Chevelle mumbled something and my ears began to ring, distracting me from bewilderment.
 It was only a few stuttered heartbeats before recognition came.

 s, the knock of hand, the pain of foot, the number of attackers and the plan of
-
These include the chance to tackle the problems of hunger and injustice at the root of so many of the global challenges confronting us not the least, the overriding challenge of nurturing a worldwide culture of peace.
 The Commission has put people first, recognizing that the greatest potential for change is within us, that with education and information we can mobilize the vast amounts of energy and skill which are currently wasted in the scramble for survival.
 It, nevertheless, also accepts that there are no easy solutions and that concerted action is necessary on many fronts in order to untangle the tortuous connections between, for instance, defence spending and food security, for no country can truly be said to be at peace while the violence of hunger blights the life of its citizens.
 ICPF has no hesitation in putting forward ideas that are bound to unsettle, and it should be encouraged since imagination and daring are precisely what we need at the present time.
 Its calls for a standing world army, for the recognition of full employment as a fundamental right and for the elimination of protectionist trade policies to mention but a few examples will cause some sharp intakes of breath among world leaders.
 Indeed, the report contains many ideas that merit and should stimulate further reflection.
 The situation of the countries in transition in Eastern Europe, high lighted in this report, illustrates perfectly the need for an integrated approach to development considered as a total human process.
 The Commission's report contains specific proposals in this regard as well as an overview pointing to existing domestic assets of various kinds which could help the countries concerned.
 It addresses the topic of job creation with innovative ideas on the roles of technology and trade, and emphasizes the significance of the developing countries and agricul ture in the world economy.
 Its global education programme proposal placing appropriate emphasis on the key issue of girls' and women's education is one that particularly commends itself to UNESCO, which is already actively engaged in efforts along similar lines in conjunction with its UN partners.

 make clear that it is not just about health or 1992 Paris Ban on the Poll-Up Application to
-
"Well, hello.
 You're Brandon?"
 ** Fifteen minutes later, I was still trying to believe things had gone so well.
 I'd expected Mom to put her foot down and tell Brandon I'd be riding the bus to school every morning, starting today.
 Instead, she'd shaken Brandon's hand, smiled way more than usual, and hurried us out the door so we wouldn't be late for school.
 "I don't know what kind of magic you just used on my mom, but whatever it was, you should do it again.
 Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
 That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.
 "I didn't do anything special.

 not freak out for you or Mom." Mom shrugged her shoulders and launched Brandon with a "
-
The constricted path forced us close together, our stirrups and legs brushing as we rode.
 Chevelle nodded at my hand and I held it out, palm up.
 Chevelle indicated a spot on one of the mountains.
 “We are here.” I tried not to let my disappointment show.
 The information would’ve only helped if I’d known where I started on the map or its endpoint.
 But at least I knew we were closer.
 When we came through the pass our path widened, but the horses didn’t separate as I had expected them to.
 I decided I’d had enough of that.
 “How do I control Steed?” I could see the humor in his eyes at my phrasing, but he kept a straight face.
 “Think of where you want him to go and lead his head so.” I concentrated on turning left and we were instantly spinning, the unexpected twirl throwing me half from my saddle.

 time only to be offered myself the deep lead.<eop><eod> Once we finished we prepared to head back
-
Rachel piped up unexpectedly.
 "It's okay, Britney.
 If you want to leave we'll give her a ride home."
 I could see the wheels turning in her head.
 If I really did have a ride, she could leave without ruining things with Brandon; but if I wasn't going to lie, then there was a good chance that Mrs. Campbell would find out she'd left early.
 Parents were relatively easy to fool.
 Leave the tutor lab early, go somewhere else and kill some time until you were supposed to come home, and they'd never know the difference.
 Teachers were a little harder, but if you didn't have the help of your 'friends', then they became an insurmountable obstacle.
 The gears finally ground to a stop and Britney sighed as she put her head down on the table.
 I tried to stop from smiling at her theatrics, but happened to look over at Rachel just in time to see a matching smile on the younger girl's face.

 far up the drive is the place Selena and Rachel really are. Holy crap. I wonder if I
-
BG: 	(singing) “Shake it to the east Shake it to the west Shake it to the one that you love the best…”
 CM:  	That’s not “Bearcat.”
 BG:  	No shit.
 LE: 	The song by Mike is “Tengo Amore.”
 CM:  	Right, right.
 Great song.
 Have you heard his version?
 He’s a kickass songwriter, if people were really paying attention.
 His Monkees stuff is first class.
 I mean, even on the first album, “Sweet Young Thing”—that’s a kicking song.

 : So Trey turns up at Bud Light for a knob. He turns up at Another Ju
-
Blood soaked the inside of his armor, but the wounds were superficial, halted by the magical leather before penetrating deep enough to be a bother.
 “For the head,” the closest elf shouted in his native tongue.
 He managed one last shot before Harruq closed the distance.
 The half-orc batted the arrow away without thinking.
 “You bastard!” he shouted, slamming into the elf without pausing.
 He buried his swords deep into the elf’s chest as he plowed forward.
 “You hurt my brother!
 You spineless cowards!” The other two abandoned their bows and drew their blades.
 “Your brother is dead,” one elf said.
 “Gaelwren waited for your departure.

 wait, our armed forces will inevitably be hunted down and used to gain vis----
-
But Buddy had in him a black spot, fed by his desire to make it big, fed by ambition and greed and the sort of misdirected thinking which took Rolling Stone from the hands of the movement and placed it in the hands of the oppressors.
 The commodifying of the sixties, if you will, as embodied by the soul of Buddy Gardner.
 Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner, Memphis’ answer to Jerry Garcia, Memphis gift to the world, from integrity and precocity to sell-out.
 So much is lost now, so little written down, so little recorded.
 For those with the stamina to search it out, Black Lung made one album, released on the Pepper label, a little Memphis soul mixed in with their own acid-blues.
 It was called Turntable Poison.
 Some say it sounded like The Rascals crossed with Hot Tuna.
 One cut comes to mind, a piece they played in every set at The Shell, the ballad, “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  On the LP they insisted on the extended version with Buddy’s long, side-handed solos, slick as molten lead and the twelve minute drum solo by Skippy Quetzalcoatl, effectively killing the album’s potential sales but insuring the group a spot in infamy alongside the lost tapes of Mudboy and the Neutrons and the missing five hours of von Stroheim’s Greed.
 There was also the shorter, “Blues for Wendy Ward,” with its plaintive chorus, “Thank you for at least that sweet ache,” a phrase Buddy made sound like a supplication to the gods.

 gin that runs all through us is best put down in the messy rooms of the past. Recently,
-
I have tried, on this trip, to relive our whole two years of brotherhood.
 And now I reconsider the fact that he didn’t die the moment his head rammed the boulder.
 He lived for a day, during which we got confronted with the possibility that drove my story “Cars”, that he might live another sixty years without the use of his marvelous brain.
 Or, a miracle might bring him back to life.
 A whole new question arises.
 What if, while Eric lay comatose, he was given once more the choice to live, as I'm coming to believe he was given the choice before leaving for the desert in Kenny’s mom’s Volkswagen?
 If Kenny were still alive, I would ask him to describe, as best his memory would serve him, Eric’s expression and voice when he insisted they leave without Billy and me.
 The Bible implies that Jesus, had he been a less than perfect, could have chosen another fate than crucifixion.
 Only he chose trust his father’s will above his own, which was limited by his humanity, as ours is, in spades.
 Maybe twice, at least, Eric chose to die for me.

 't want to ponder that. No, I thought about it. Yes, we had the option
-
That’s the end of it.
 CM: 	Dylan?
 BG: 	The question always comes back to Bob, doesn’t it?
 Dylan is Dylan, immutable, untouchable.
 But, I think, if you asked him if he was T. S. Eliot, he would only laugh.
 What was that funny thing he said?
 “I’m only a song and dance man.” (laughs)  That’s right.
 That’s what he should say.
 CM: 	Someone called “A Day in the Life” a miniature “Waste Land.”
 BG:  	That’s caca, isn’t it?

 : Thanks for stroking the waters of Breanna says Dylan. MB: That editorial said that Aussie
-
I hadn’t known that Serena and Liz sat next to each other in summer school.
 Liz called me various names and tried to get our friend Les Falos to thrash me.
 He considered the proposition, then laughed it off.
 A couple weeks passed before Bill Torrey came and asked if I would mind him taking Liz out.
 No problem, I said.
 In my heart, Billy Torrey was my little brother, and would be for years to come.
 We would play music and perform together in a coffee house, until he married and moved away.
 Not long after our one date, Serena died in a car crash.
 I didn’t go to her funeral.
 I hadn’t minded her snitching to Liz.

 had loved it.<eop><eod> What to do? What that plot hypothesis states for the protagonist and the
-
I must really repulse him.
 Physics was my own little personal hell for the next forty minutes.
 I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
 I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.
 He was out of his seat and halfway to the door by the time I'd even realized the bell had rung to dismiss us.
 Spanish was both better and worse.
 Better because without Alec sitting six feet away from me I was able to think about something other than him, worse because we had a pop quiz and I barely placed in the A- range despite having spent a fair amount of time on my vocabulary.
 Math was plain and simply burning up too much time.
 Something needed to change because my only hope of going to college was to get a scholarship, or load up on student loans, and I had no desire to graduate sixty thousand dollars in debt and spend the next fifteen years trying to pay it all off.
 By the time I met up with Britney in the hall I was emotionally exhausted and could feel an attack hovering in the wings.

 has never done anything like these. Even if we were speaking second person she'd let me know
-
Marie laughed.
 "I think there's lint a little lower on my back."
 Reaching lower meant he had to draw her closer.
 "Hmmm--there's a piece at the top too."
 His free hand slid along her waist and up to her shoulder blade, the result being an embrace.
 "Now you're lint free."
 She laughed again.
 "You might have lint on your back too."
 She put her arms around him.
 He smiled down into her face, which was now tantalizingly close to his.

 on me," Marie whispered back. "The bandage on my arm will now put more weight
-
Guards have been assigned to me.
 Like a prison.
 ~ I killed three guards to get to her.
 We only had a moment before I was torn away from her, yet I feel I got the message through.
 ~ She came to see me last night.
 I don’t know how she got past the guards.
 But I begged her to keep our secret, for her protection…
 And then several pages were torn from the diary before it continued.
 It was an accident.
 A product of her temper, her human emotions.

 made it through a few moments before the diaries were torn. ~ These have been assigned to me
-
Almost.
 Their high spirits hadn’t quite returned from before.
 I wondered how long I had been out.
 I wondered where the councilmen who’d attacked us were now.
 The wine flowed.
 Steed took some food to Anvil, Grey and Ruby made their way to the front window, and I found myself sitting alone with Chevelle.
 “How do you feel?” he asked.
 “Better.
 And worse.” Better because the dust was clearing.
 Worse because I was fuzzy again, bound.

 as if, yes, I should be up tomorrow. And tomorrow, I should be going to the
-
The lane between our house and the road flew by faster than I'd ever driven it in a car.
 The wind created by our passage was strong enough to make my eyes tear up, but I resisted the urge to close them.
 I occasionally saw shadowy shapes darting through the trees ahead or to either side of us, but there wasn't any way to be sure it was Isaac and Jasmin instead of Brandon and his entire pack.
 A faint howl from behind us caused Alec to put on another terrifying burst of speed as we left the lane and turned to parallel the road.
 The sight of branches clawing at us as we slipped by them with little more than inches to spare was too much.
 I finally closed my eyes and ducked down as close to Alec's neck as I could get.
 With one less sense distracting me, the rest of them kicked into high gear.
 I could feel every step, including the occasional slide as the rough gravel we were running on wasn't up to bearing our combined weight without slipping.
 The bitter taste of fear along the back of my tongue was surprisingly strong, but even so I found my thoughts dwelling on the sheer pleasure of having my arms wrapped around Alec's rock-hard upper body.
 The high-pitched scream of a performance engine pulled me away from my absurd musings.

 Vision sounded like it was sheepling through the Tom Jones production process. I found something about that recording
-
This is a low cost strategy that requires prior training of a large number of village level instructors, but little investment in infra structure.
 The schools can demonstrate the economic benefits of new and improved crops and cultivation practices, engaging local farmers as both students and staff, and covering most of the cost of training in the form of sale proceeds from the farm schools' production.
 7.Water conservation.
 The inefficient and negligent use of water in agriculture is one of the most serious barriers to a sustainable expansion of agricultural production.
 Public policy regarding the cost of water supplied by major irrigation projects and low-cost or free distribution of power for pumping underground water aggravate the problem.
 Technologically, the solutions to water depletion are largely in hand.
 What is needed is a massive effort in public education and demonstration, coupled with incentives to encourage their adoption.
 In monsoon regions it has been demonstrated that recharging underground aquifers by reverse pumping during rain-surplus seasons can restore ten years of water depletion in one rainy season.
 Proven methods are available and have been commercially applied with great success, as the achievements of Israel so dramatically demonstrate, radically to reduce water consumption by as much as five- to ten-fold, while at the same time significantly increasing crop yields.
 The most productive of these methods, involving the construction of greenhouses, is too capital-intensive for immediate wide spread adoption in developing countries.

 costly way to achieve a sustainable growth of agricultural production is binding upon each village concerned; the cost of
-
Only the slight sway of my curtains gave evidence he'd just casually jumped out of my second-story window.
 I heard Mom's equipment bags hit the floor one after another.
 The sound of her tromping up the stairs finally roused me from my state of shock.
 "I'm in my room, Mom."
 Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
 "Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."
 I forced a chuckle.
 "Please, Mom.
 Where else would I be?

 myself out because I am so immobile."<eop> By mid-afternoon my car still was in
-
Good night, good night, good night.
 When I wake up in the night And I don’t feel all right, I quickly begin to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 For several years, I wrote a weekly column for the San Diego Reader.
 The nominal topic was people and their cars.

 people and their cars are people and their cars are people.<eop><eod> God, in the night you
-
Her 'woe is me, I don't understand what is happening act' had usually worked with Dad, and it'd always infuriated me.
 It had much the same effect now.
 "This isn't like me?
 To stand up for myself when I find out who my real friends are?
 Please, you don't even know me, and apparently I don't know you."
 Rachel shook her head in denial.
 "No, this isn't you.
 Is Brandon putting you up to this?
 He isn't what you think, you really shouldn't trust him."
 Now she'd gone too far.

 Leave it up to Brandon, even if it means losing your friends. It is his responsibility to protect
-
On one final occasion, my parents were having a large party at the house.
 I was sitting at a desk in my room doing some schoolwork and I could hear the guests’ loud voices in the hallway beyond my door.
 Suddenly my door burst open and slammed against the wall.
 It was Dino, and he commanded me to stand up.
 I could see some party guests in the hallway behind him.
 The sound of the door and his voice had them looking at me from around his large frame.
 Their conversations stopped as their attention was drawn to the commotion.
 I stood and Dino directed me to approach him.
 He was obviously drunk and I could see the usual crazed look in his eyes.
 He started rambling something about how I didn’t like him or respect him and I quickly claimed I did.

 few minutes later behavior pulled me back to my surroundings. Dino began to talk about the sort of
-
Jordaan glanced over to him as if asking for permission and Rodregas nodded his ok. Jordaan reached down and carefully picked up the small frog and cupped it in his hands.
 His eyes were closed in concentration.
 He looked up at Rodregas with a confused expression and asked, “Do you know what this is?” “Not really, I found it in Raven Keep.
 It felt of magic so I took it.
 I thought it might be worth something.” Jordaan smiled and laughed as he said, “Worth something indeed.
 This is a minor Sigil of Healing.” It was Rodregas who gasped this time and said, “Infernals!
 We had a Sigil of Healing all this time?
 If we had inscribed this sigil back at the farm we would never have needed your help.” Jordaan nodded at the truth of Rodregas’ words and the two of them quickly gathered the others.
 All agreed that no matter what might happen with the greater sigils that all should gain the minor Sigil of Healing.
 Its benefits to warriors and mages alike were well known.

 the other two groups parted from the Tarek. After a long, long and very aggressive battle
-
“…‌must resume,” Qurrah was saying as her spell enacted.
 “It’s dangerous,” Harruq said.
 “I thought you were learning enough from Velixar.”
 “Exactly,” said Qurrah.
 “But I must practice what I learn.
 These nights are not enough, will never be enough.
 What point is sharpening your sword if you never wield it?”
 Harruq had no reply.
 Eyes low, he stepped out into the night, Aurelia trailing not far behind.
 They travelled deeper into the town.

 out that things were not quite as they seemed back at the orphanage – surprise surprise!<eop> A
-
If anything he looked slightly uncomfortable himself.
 "I'm sure it's nothing important..." He trailed off as my traitorous hand found his arm of its own accord and started pulling again.
 I wasn't sure why I was so anxious; usually I avoided crowds like the plague.
 Maybe I was just trying to prolong our time together.
 I let go as soon as we reached the fringe of the crowd, and prayed it was only my imagination that made me think Brandon was just the slightest bit relieved.
 Luckily there was plenty to distract me.
 It looked like there'd been some kind of war behind the school.
 The flagpole had a massive dent in its base, and actually looked like it was leaning slightly to one side.
 The straggly grass, kept just barely alive by the nearly non-existent rain and infrequent watering by some anonymous grounds keeper, had been torn up.
 Large patches of reddish dirt had been exposed and the ground was scarred by gouges that looked like they'd been made by some kind of farm machinery except for being so irregular.

 grave sakid on top was cruel enough to make Brandon resolve to come and visit Kohl in
-
If he was lucky, he might get in a good bar fight.
 Nothing helped him forget his worries better than walloping a fellow drunken idiot.
 * Chapter 10 Chapter 10{{{1 10
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 She felt guilty for spying on him, but Aurelia was convinced she had no other choice.
 Over the past month, she had grown close to the half-orc Harruq Tun, and with that closeness was danger.
 She saw only a goofy young man while Dieredon swore she met with a killer.
 Only one of them could be right, but who?
 Perhaps not, she wondered.

 was going to be a long, dark ride down the desolate Marsh! * Chapter 12 Chapter 11}
-
But her heart began pounding with panic as she thought about the day she'd just spent in 2011.
 She'd worn trousers in town, and she'd embraced a man in public.
 And now she was spending the night alone with him in his house!
 Davis would have a fit if he ever found out she'd been to a speakeasy; he'd refuse to marry her if he found out what she'd done today.
 But there was no way he could find out.
 Tomorrow she'd be back home, and he'd be ecstatic that she was all right.
 He'd be sorry he'd lost his temper with her and hurt her with his kiss.
 He'd spend more time with her.
 They'd .
 .

 .<eop> Phillips was the most like-minded volunteer in which she might apply. He could draw
-
I guess, it’s ok.
 I don’t want Debby’s name here, that’s all—her real name, just because.
 Just out of respect for my first love, you know, and the first heart I broke.
 I broke her heart.
 And with Birdie I lost my virginity.
 On her parents’ bed, in the afternoon, with the door locked and people milling about outside.
 (laughs)  Jesus.
 When you’re young, you know?
 I wrote “Tunc” and “Birdie Sings” for her, of course.
 Early stuff.

 , trust me, you know she hated it for, you know, a long time. And she
-
She looked beyond me at the few inches of open floor, and I took the opportunity to bolt past her down the hall, straight out the door at full speed.
 I ran from the house, ignoring the paths; other elves would be no help to me.
 I kept running until I was certain she wasn’t coming, and then I collapsed at the edge of a meadow, breathless.
 I dropped my face into my hands, and might have wept if I’d not been so fueled by fear and adrenaline.
 “Freya?” a soft voice asked.
 I looked up, startled.
 Chevelle stood just in front of me.
 He dropped to his knees and reached out to touch the mark across my cheek.
 Shame flooded me, and I turned my head to hide the evidence, but his hand cradled the side of my face.
 Chapter Four Flame

 my hope for sustainability, and was crushed. No longer could I conceal my soul from the sunlight.
-
"There are some more in the corner over there."
 She smiled at Marie.
 "Cute dress."
 Marie glanced down at her dress before responding with a puzzled, "Thank you."
 She knew it definitely wasn't in fashion now.
 A little while later Marie took the jeans and several blouses into the dressing room, removing her dress and putting on her favorite of the blouses, a navy blue one with red stripes.
 It was so soft!
 After admiring it in the mirror for a moment, she reached for the smaller pair of trousers.
 The material felt comfortable, but they were so tight!
 Were they supposed to be this tight?

 Her confusion on the smaller pair of trousers, just losing her sexuality, left her feeling irked
-
In the most prosperous nations, the deficit is concentrated in high technology and professional sectors, in electronics, biotechnology, health care, pharmacology, mathematics, marketing, financial services, and the like.
 The adoption of new technologies even in traditional occupations has resulted in a growing demand for higher skill levels in these fields as well.
 Unemployment is highest among the least educated, least skilled categories, such as machine operators, fabricators and labourers.
 The poor are poor both because they have no assets and because their time and labour have low or no economic value.
 Poverty persists wherever the human resource is under-valued.
 To eradicate it, there is need for a paradigm shift from unskilled to skilled work.
 While educated unemployment is high in many developing countries, in most cases the quality and relevance of the education to employment opportunities is far from adequate.
 Here too, fully qualified technical and professional workers are in short supply.
 There is even a shortage for educated workers with a high level of general language and communication skills to fill the job opportunities being created for business process outsourcing.
 On an average, 50 per cent of firms surveyed in a cross-section of developing countries report that skill shortages are a serious constraint on their growth.

 has acted well itself publicly on this issue or has attempted to engage meaningful discussion in significant numbers of business
-
Our father was from Woodhaven, she told us.
 We later found out he was an elf, bizarre as it seems.”
 “It is a wretched elf who would mate with an orc,” Velixar said.
 “No true elf would,” Qurrah said.
 “This means he was weak to have done so.
 His weakness has seeped into my blood.”
 “You hold no weakness,” the man in black said.
 “The blood of orcs and elves is more similar than either race would care to admit.
 What happened to your mother?”
 “I don’t know.

 daughter, was a racy orc. And no elves. And no beige should be
-
“Harruq,” she asked, “is it me, or did you grow thirty pounds of muscle overnight?”
 “Yup,” Harruq muttered.
 “I’m magical like that.”
 The elf glared at him.
 “Sorry,” he said, his face reddening.
 “I had a long night.”
 Aurelia nodded.
 She twirled the staff in the air and then hooked it underneath her arm.
 “Ready to start?”
 The half-orc shrugged.

 rest’s resting place, and her wing. Aurelia perched in the wing of the rest
-
"Of course I don't really know, because it's so big, and parts of it are so boring, that I may never manage to get through the whole thing."
 Chapter 10 The rest of the afternoon finished up on a quiet note.
 After I went back to my table, Rachel worked on some homework for a few more minutes, and then gathered up her things and slipped out.
 I decided the new guy wasn't a football player when he started gathering up his books.
 No athlete in my experience ever took that many books anywhere.
 Not only that, he gently placed them in his backpack like someone who viewed the written word as his friend rather than as a necessary evil that interfered with the hero worship due him from the masses.
 I was so busy watching him that I forgot to look away when he stood up, and he caught me staring.
 I expected annoyance, or possibly some of the disdain I'd endured off and on for the last forty-eight hours.
 I didn't get either.
 I couldn't really interpret the look, but he held my eyes for several seconds, until I finally looked away, my face heating up.

 his eyes back to me and then walked swiftly out of the room. After a few moments he cleared
-
The frost had reached his lungs, encircled them, and then froze them still.
 The man retched silently.
 Qurrah ignored him, knowing he would soon be dead.
 The other guard charged Qurrah and swung his longsword.
 The necromancer smirked, preparing another lashing.
 The flaming leather wrapped around the guard’s sword hand, charring flesh to bone as he screamed.
 The blade dropped as the guard held his blackened hand before him, bits of white bone catching the moonlight.
 “Mercy,” he begged, falling to his knees as the necromancer approached.
 “There is no such thing,” Qurrah said before magically hurling two pieces of bone through the man’s eyes.
 He turned to the other guard, who still gasped in vain for air.

 say, you sense not, later, all run down to the fire pit, the necromancer
-
"We're where the legends of succubi originated.
 Irresistible demons who drain their victims dry, who leave their lovers a hollow shell of what they were before."
 I'd finally worked through things enough inside my mind, to respond, but he bulldozed right over me.
 "Do you understand now?
 My getting closer to you is the ultimate form of self-gratification.
 It's the worst possible thing I could do to you.
 If you somehow survive everything that's about to happen, it would leave you forever hungering for another touch, but never able to fulfill that desire."
 I placed a hand on his lips before he could ramp back up to another diatribe.
 "None of that matters.
 All I want is to be with you, and if we're as likely to all die as you seem to think we are, then the state of my mind after you're gone is hardly something worth wasting worry on.

 us is more important than anything else."<eop> Then he exploded into another diatribe,
-
All these decision makers require timely access to re liable sources of information.
 Information is needed to make sound business decisions, such as the production of or demand for different commodities or variations in price by region or over time.
 Easy access, maximum dissemination, full disclosure, precise accuracy and credibility are imperative.
 Creating these conditions will require the establishment of new institutions and substantial investment in infra structure.
 In many of these countries, the press has freed itself from being solely an instrument of government, but television is still largely under state control.
 In the entire former USSR today there is no adequate agricultural extension service to transmit research findings from the laboratory to the field, especially to small private farmers.
 Poor communications systems are incapable of handling the large volume of telephone, fax, telex and computerized messages needed for commercial linkages with other countries.
 10.Catalytic initiatives can release social dynamism: Social change is facilitated and accelerated by initiatives to introduce or demonstrate new patterns of activity and behaviour appropriate to the goals of the transition.
 One of the most successful initiatives of the Russian government in recent years has been the distribution of millions of small private agricultural plots to urban and rural households.
 Since a food shortage in the urban areas was the most pressing problem and greatest source of anxiety for the population, the government took steps to distribute more than 16 million small private plots to urban and rural families, so that highly vulnerable households could produce at least a portion of their own food requirements.

 amount of small private plots every year in the Georgian territory of Abkhazia in September 1997. Mrs. Var
-
I really was trembling now.
 I wanted to mutter something about overzealous body-builders lifting just to intimidate people, but couldn't get the words out.
 I think maybe I was afraid he'd overhear and return to finish the job.
 My shoulders felt like the skin was on fire, but I knew it was just my imagination.
 His grip had been rock-hard, but he hadn't actually squeezed enough to hurt me.
 He'd shown pretty good control for someone who'd just been spanked in a debate, and obviously wanted to rip my head off.
 Turning around to return to the tutor room, I almost tripped over my own feet when I saw Britney standing just outside the closed door.
 "Are you crazy?
 First you side with Rachel against Brandon, firmly putting yourself in Alec's camp, and then you turn around and piss off Alec?"
 I really wasn't in the mood to argue with Britney, so I tried for nonchalance.

 was just going to be dominated by Kyle after all. He came from a similar racial background as she
-
Harruq arrived at the clearing the next morning at the same time as always.
 Aurelia stepped out from behind a tree, her cold, emotionless face so different from the previous day.
 “We have sparred our two weeks, Harruq,” she said.
 “You have no need to come here.”
 “Yeah, well, you heard what I said yesterday,” Harruq said, his face red.
 “What was that?”
 He kicked a rock.
 “It’s better to spar with another, remember?”
 Aurelia frowned.
 “You know I am a sorceress.

 that about psychic abilities. So I know we won’t have to sorce anyone by
-
On the contrary--she wanted more of the kisses and caresses that had set her on fire.
 But when she tried to put her arms around him, he held her away.
 Hurt, she stood up and whirled around to go to her room.
 "Marie, wait.
 Please.
 Sit down and let's talk about this."
 Her body still throbbing with the pulse he'd made race, she perched on the edge of the sofa.
 "I didn't want you to stop."
 "And I didn't want to stop.
 But sweetheart .

 "But it was over the clock, old thinking, and drunken and leaves out forgotten--
-
He died for all of us.
 You know?
 So we could go on.
 LE: 	He showed us the way through death.
 BG:  	That’s right man.
 Jimi and Janis, they did it early so we could keep playing.
 Why I left the electric stuff behind partly.
 CM:  	Really.
 Why?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, he did it all, he took it to the edge and then when the edge laughed at him he laughed back, man, and he went over.

 right memory of how this thing was playing? HM: Kane. Jimi and Janis.
-
“Do you mind staying with Ru—” My expression cut him off.
 “I have some business to take care of outside of town.
 She has given me her word she will behave.” He eyed her as he spoke, a warning.
 She replied from the open door of her room, “Yes, yes.
 No naughtiness.” And then, under her breath, “On my part.” “No qualifications, Ruby.” “Just teasing.
 Now go, we have stuff to do.” My stomach knotted.
 Stuff.
 Chevelle appeared reluctant to get up.
 For a moment, I thought he might reach out to me, but he only stood and left without another word.
 It ached.

 to use I was going to learn to abolish transcription and scrapping the Khali tradition in religious texts.
-
I can't explain it--I don't believe in such things.
 But if you're not playing a joke, you've somehow come 84 years into the future."
 She shook her head.
 "Such a thing isn't possible.
 This newspaper .
 .
 .
 false newspapers can be printed."
 "Come inside and see the things in my house."
 She shrank back, fearful again.

 "Yes," he already had." "You were telling me all this earlier, did
-
It is time you died.”
 The chorus of droning moans agreed.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “If there was any time I needed you, Sonowin, it is now,” the elf said as he fled across the grass.
 Each breath made his chest ache.
 His right arm hung limp, and his other hand clutched his shoulder.
 He desperately needed to bandage it but had no time.
 A wave of undead moans reached his sensitive ears.
 Dieredon shuddered.

 away, as the intruder, therm, landed on Dieredon.<eop>! [section
-
“Come on, Steed.
 We need to set you up outside of town.
 Chevelle is afraid we’re causing a scene in the village.” She laughed lightly.
 It seemed like she was having fun.
 I wondered if that meant she was causing trouble.
 “Don’t think he trusts you with the girl,” Ruby added, smiling playfully.
 “I prefer the outdoors anyway.” Steed dipped toward me, his hand folding his waist in a bow as he stood to go.
 “Sunshine.”
 My head was not up for this at all.
 His sister.

 ?”<eop> Yep, no way. He was here to get something involved with Chevelle. And
-
_No,_ he thought.
 _Enough.
 Cease your chatter._
 He clutched tighter, the threads braiding into a giant rope in his mind.
 High above, the skulls quieted, and their fires dimmed.
 When the necromancer noticed Qurrah’s meddling, his mental link pulsed with incredible energy.
 Colors swarmed through his mind, dark purples and reds across a macabre canvas of black.
 He felt his chest tightening, his neck constricting.
 A scrying eye was upon him, now, and he was losing.
 It felt like an arrow pierced his mind, and through it words seeped into his head.

 had reacted to Qurrah? What had said to him?<eop> "What if what I said
-
The first time Ashley and I met I had the pleasure of seeing her naked body, but my goal is not to see it again, my goal is to do this drug deal.
 Her actions highlight that she is seriously addicted and that is not comforting when I am taking her word that Steve is a trustworthy drug dealer, as if there is such a thing.
 Another car approaches and it is white, but I cannot tell the make of the vehicle.
 As it passes, I check it out and see that it is a woman with two small children.
 She is handing a baby bottle towards a car seat in the back.
 A young boy sitting in the front passenger seat stares back at me as if to say, “What are you looking at?” I was once that baby in the backseat and my brother that inquisitive one in the front.
 My father wouldn’t have been in the car either.
 He disappeared long before I could commit him to my young memory.
 Chapter 4: The Sixties and the Single Mom I don’t remember many details of my early childhood.
 As much as I try, I cannot visualize my father, Richard, in any setting.

 a toddler in a car driving around the neighborhood, driven by our uncle. I have little memory of
-
He looked pleased.
 “Again,” he said as he stepped back and released my hands.
 The meadow seemed to open as a circle of fire grew in front of me.
 I tried to see past it, through the flames to Chevelle, and then it was gone.
 He was further back now, raising his right hand so a stream of fire followed it, arcing in my direction.
 I was afraid I wouldn’t be able to extinguish it before it hit me.
 My feet were frozen in place.
 I could only think of one thing: Fight fire with fire.
 I flung my arm toward the incoming stream of flames and a tongue of fire akin to a dragon’s shot out and collided with it.
 I was shocked.

 sever the armband of my helpless gown and it swung off my shoulders. I didn’
-
The blade gleamed in the firelight, impossibly sharp and deadly.
 “I have killed a hundred like you,” Ahrqur said.
 “And I hope to kill a thousand just like you,” Harruq said, clanging his swords together one more time before lunging across the room.
 Salvation and Condemnation smacked hard against Ahrqur’s blade.
 The weapons sparked, all three of the swords imbued with powerful magic.
 The elf fell back, his arms lacking the strength to block the massive blow.
 He danced away, his sword whirling upward to deflect two quick slashes by the half-orc.
 Ahrqur found no reprieve for three bones flew for his eyes and face, even veering to follow the elf’s dodges.
 The elven blade whirled, cutting two out of the air.
 The third smacked into his throat.

 at the side of the room when Harruq reversed himself from his stance into a fight stance.
-
We were obviously reluctant and for good reason, but we were also desperate.
 My mother insisted that Thomas’s last rehab stint at Narconon had worked for Thomas and she knew he had strong ties there and perhaps he could get Brandon in for treatment.
 She told us that Thomas was doing work for the rehab in the form of interventions and getting drug addicts into treatment and that was what Brandon needed.
 But at what price?
 I wasn’t as worried about the financial price at this point, but rather the thought of owing Thomas after all that he had perpetrated against us was almost as unpalatable as Brandon’s Oxy addiction.
 This was all unchartered territory.
 It was all uncomfortable.
 It all sucked big time.
 My pride would take a back seat to Brandon’s needs.
 His drug problem was more important than the grudge I was holding over my brother’s drug-induced antics.

 was all chasing after passion and passion came back to me. I couldn’t keep up with Brandon
-
“Been working spells?” “Not on purpose.” He smiled.
 “Yes, spells can be dangerous.” “Yes,” I agreed, “but why do you need words for spells and not magic?” “A spell can be left, set with a trigger, or larger than your magic.
 They are complicated and wicked things.
 And the ancient language is… tricky.
 Definitely something you should stay away from.
 Years of learning and practice and you can still wreck a spell pretty good.” I thought about that for a moment.
 Steed jumped up.
 He held out a hand to me.
 “What do you say we water the horses?” I didn’t have to ask my horse to kneel; Steed just grabbed my waist and threw me up.
 He was mounted before I had settled into the saddle and our horses took off, galloping north in synchronization.

 So, that was God’s Army. I talked too much about it. I definitely didn’
-
I've been worried all day someone would stump me on something right out of the gate on my first day."
 Rachel looked up at me through dark lashes as I stood.
 "I've wanted to say thanks for a while.
 I really appreciate you making Cassie back down yesterday.
 Nobody else has ever stood up for me like that.
 At least not people that I didn't already know."
 Based on what I'd seen less than thirty hours ago, it didn't look like her friends stood up for her either.
 "No worries, it just seemed like the thing to do at the time.
 Why did she want to hurt you anyways?"
 Rachel looked down, but somehow it wasn't a gesture that conveyed guilt.

 supposed might have been a big out of Simpson-in a way, she seemed sheepish,
-
Rodregas carefully led her over the outer white circle and into a yellow circle that was across from the Celestial Lion.
 Captain Poir led the man into the pale green circle that was the closest to being in the exact middle and was most strongly interconnected to the other circles.
 As Rodregas crossed into the main circle, the sense of power almost made him stumble.
 He knew his own power was minimal, not much above average, but his few years of training as a boy had opened him up to magic more than the other three guards on the tower roof.
 Rodregas knew that if Ravenhurr had ever thought he had more than basic magic training he would long have been reassigned to a duty far from the ceremony.
 The very air seemed to strum like a stringed instrument with the gathered magical power.
 Rodregas could not help but think about how out of his depth he was trying to interfere with the ritual ceremony.
 However, as he forced the beautiful woman forward, the woman whose name he had refused to learn, he knew he was indeed going to try.
 “I will do it this time,” Rodregas thought to himself, “This time I will not choose my survival over others.” His life was not worth living if he did nothing again; he wanted to feel at least a small measure of being the man he had been raised to be.
 “Celestial Gods, please let my life be worth something in death, if not in life,” he prayed quietly.

 lasted just a few longer minutes to prove his point. Al Rokey stood in the crowded crowd still
-
The sky darkened even more, not that I thought that was possible.
 The mist swirled and a cold chill that ran shivers down my spine ascended on us.
 And out of the mist stepped a dark figure.
 Kojas.
 Again.
 This time for real.
 Not in a dream/vision.
 My heart stopped and my blood froze.
 Kojas’ red eyes gleamed in the darkness and his cloak snapped at the wind.
 He looked up and his red eyes stared at me.

 in the light of the seduction of Kojas, and in the light of the
-
They might look like lions, but he knew they were smarter than any beast, and they could be setting him up.
 Finally after waiting what seemed like forever, but was probably only about twenty minutes, Rodregas slowly made his way back up through the keep.
 When he poked his head out the entrance there was no sign of Dire Cats or chickens, but he did note a few stray feathers in the courtyard.
 Other than a few alarmed sounds from the chicken coop, it was surprisingly quiet.
 Rodregas felt a feeling of relief at the idea that the lions had eaten.
 Still, he double-checked the keep and the courtyard very carefully before bringing out the cart and the horses and loading up all his booty.
 The cart groaned with the load.
 After a last check for Dire Cats in front of the keep he headed out and away from both Raven Keep and Raven Town and away from his old life.
 CHAPTER 4 A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM
 Raven Keep, unlike many fortifications, was not located on a high spot.

 it was a quite high up spot. Just below the preening calls of large tame dogs, Raven
-
An electric machine that washed dishes, the microwave oven, moving pictures in the house all day long .
 .
 .
 who could ever have imagined such things?
 But it was all so strange.
 She'd walked 84 years into the future.
 She'd spent the entire day alone with a man she'd never met before.
 She'd .
 .
 .

 a same man she'd never even met before. Who could ever have imagined those things?<eop>
-
I just kept putting one foot in front of the other.
 I couldn’t even imagine what lay in the mountains where I was heading, but there was no going back.
 I wasn’t tired anymore, not as I had been every day since I’d been using magic.
 But I forced those thoughts away, counting steps as I ran.
 I was miles from home.
 A home I might never return to.
 I pushed myself forward through the day, only stopping when I found a patch of sweet berries and a small, babbling creek.
 The berries were wild, small and much less palatable without the guiding hand of an elf, but the water I’d gathered from the stream was cool and refreshing.
 As evening approached, so grew the underlying discomfort with the idea of the coming darkness.
 Not that I hadn’t spent my share of time alone at home, just not alone in the middle of a strange forest outside.

 of people gathered around the fire outside. They were astonished by the strength and nobleness of the
-
But Mexican dads like hers expect their girls’ novios to marry or que se vayan a la fregada.
 Meaning scram.
 And after the second time I chose North Beach over her company, Gloria informed me her former boyfriend had returned on leave from the Marines.
 We shouted at each other long-distance and parted.
 Eric still didn’t have a girlfriend.
 I had decided he didn’t want to hurt dozens of girls by choosing another over them.
 Too soon, I would learn about other reasons.
 Girls adored him.
 They phoned at all hours, even risking Sylvia’s wrath, and they tailed him through the halls of our school.
 But if he had even kissed one of them, he kept it secret.

 up to find life together by sitting at our desk on the day of my hair-do. As
-
Because it was built directly on and out of the very bedrock of the Earth, knocking down the fortress walls was not an option for an opposing army.
 Like the stone of the farmhouse, the stone construction of the Cathedral had been enchanted by Nymphs of the Earth.
 It was said that the ley lines were tapped to provide magical protections as great as the physical.
 The Cathedral’s defenses gave it the reputation as one of the most impenetrable fortress in the Eastern Realms.
 Of course, Rodregas thought what could not be taken by force, could be easily taken by politics and fear.
 Once through both the huge gates, Rodregas, Doi’van and Imeralda came into full view of the Great Cathedral of the Heavens.
 The Cathedral served as both fortress and a temple to the Celestial Gods, and its thick walls were a balance of the practical and the artistic.
 Its towering white walls were adorned with statues and engravings.
 Above the ground floor were huge stained glass windows and arches and on the heights were a series of small towers and domes.
 Rodregas had forgotten how striking the building was and all three stood to admire it for a long moment before moving forward into the inner courtyard.

 found themselves confronted immediately by huge towering walled fortress walls, directly below the cathedral of the Heavens
-
Measured in these terms, even the most developed nations still have a long way to go and much that can be done to further the development of their people.
 To sum up, 10 years ago when we presented the report of the International Commission on Peace and Food, we were optimistic that humankind will grasp the uncommon opportunities provided by democratic systems of governance and technological and knowledge revolutions for achieving a world without hunger and where every individual has an opportunity for a productive and healthy life.
 The onward march of technology is still in full swing, but the political commitment to foster cooperative human security worldwide is yet to emerge.
 The Information Age has given meaning and content to the concept of a global village.
 The threats associated with climate change and biodiversity loss also underline the fact that while humankind may be segregated by political frontiers, our fates are intertwined ecologically.
 Economically also, islands of prosperity cannot co-exist forever in the midst of oceans of poverty.
 Both unsustainable lifestyles and unacceptable poverty must become features of the past, if we are to curb the growing violence in the human heart.
 Ten years after presentation of our report, we remain convinced that universal health, harmony and happiness are still within our reach, if only we imbibe the eternal truth contained in the following message of Lord Krishna delivered on the battlefield of life called Kurukshetra:
 We human beings can become whatever we sincerely aspire to become.
 Looking back, it is astonishing how much the world has changed since the idea of establishing the International Commission on Peace and Food was first conceived in 1987. Who had the foresight to imagine the monumental changes which have so radically altered the political, economic and social complexion of the world community – the end of the nuclear arms race and the opposing military alliances of East and West, the rising tide of democracy that dramatically and irreversibly transformed the USSR and the countries of Eastern Europe, the growing importance of the UN in peace keeping and peace making, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, the first tangible steps toward lasting peace between Arabs and Israelis in the Middle East, the completion of global trade negotiations and the founding of the World Trade Organization, and concerted actions to stem the degradation of the environment?

 you think it is possible for us to connect in a global fashion with the search for peace?<eop>
-
But she gasped with pleasure as he began nibbling on her earlobe.
 Rick wanted to do much more than kiss her, and she was making it difficult to resist.
 He'd never held a woman so eager, so responsive to his slightest touch.
 But he had to stop.
 He had to stop now.
 He raised his head, straightening and pulling away.
 But Marie clung to him, rubbing her face against his neck.
 "Kiss me again, please," she murmured, raising her head to press her lips to his.
 He couldn't resist her, and his mouth began moving over hers again.
 But at last he forced himself to break away.

 ," Marie murmured, heading toward the room. It's under the table tonight."<eop>
-
I really was trembling now.
 I wanted to mutter something about overzealous body-builders lifting just to intimidate people, but couldn't get the words out.
 I think maybe I was afraid he'd overhear and return to finish the job.
 My shoulders felt like the skin was on fire, but I knew it was just my imagination.
 His grip had been rock-hard, but he hadn't actually squeezed enough to hurt me.
 He'd shown pretty good control for someone who'd just been spanked in a debate, and obviously wanted to rip my head off.
 Turning around to return to the tutor room, I almost tripped over my own feet when I saw Britney standing just outside the closed door.
 "Are you crazy?
 First you side with Rachel against Brandon, firmly putting yourself in Alec's camp, and then you turn around and piss off Alec?"
 I really wasn't in the mood to argue with Britney, so I tried for nonchalance.

 knew this kid was actually pretty imposing, but I felt like he overshadowed me. It was as if
-
Be careful and keep your friends close.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
 You are strongest when you are together, so don’t let yourselves be separated.” “Wouldn't it be called 'an breakable bond', then?” I asked her.
 She laughed but then grew serious.
 “Be very careful.
 We all know that we picked the right four, but it would be a shame if something happened to all of you before you could complete your goal.” That got my attention.
 “You know how we became half-lings?
 You know who attacked us that day?” “I've said too much already,” she said and backed up.
 “I must go.” “Wait!” I called.
 “Wait; tell me what's going on!

 Explorer, me---- I mean, finally I'm cleaning off the scene!
-
I just-I just want to be with my family for a while."
 The thought of being courted was revolting.
 Rick had said that they'd both eventually settle for someone else and get married, but she had no intention of marrying anyone else.
 She would never stop loving Rick.
 After breakfast Marie felt restless and agreed to her mother's suggestion that they go shopping.
 But they'd no sooner begun browsing through the first shop than she began feeling panicky.
 She made herself look at dresses while her mother made her selections, but she wasn't paying attention.
 "I'm going to buy this one," Mrs. Tranton said, holding up a navy blue dress.
 "It's lovely."
 "Haven't you found anything you like?"

 . "I know, I know- I love your outfits and dress patterns."<eop>
-
Art – Only if you ask nicely, but I think it will have to wait until after the coffee.
 (both head off stage together)
 Scene 3
 Later in the evening at Liz’s art show, but all the people are gone now, and most of the extra exhibit lights have been turned off.
 Jim is sitting on the floor still reading his comic book and a paper sack, waiting.
 Art – (Enters) Ah there you are by boy, I’ve been looking for you for hours now.
 Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
 Do you need thicker glasses?
 Art – Have you been.
 Odd, I didn’t see you.

 – I didn’t know you would be here quite so late. It is just a moment
-
Once we had finished forsaking, we would metamorphose into lions and proceed to slay the dragon called "Thou Shalt".
 After burying the dragon, the lion would die and resurrect as a child, the infant superman, innocent and forgiving, a new beginning, a sacred Yes.
 Then, we could discover and assert our own wills, and use those wills to conquer and change the world.
 On a Sunday morning in January, a few days before my mom’s release from the hospital, a gang of us high school boys sat naked atop a giant flat boulder in a desert oasis called Palm Canyon, a few miles out of Borrego Springs and a two-mile trek past the end of a dirt road.
 We were a savage crew, six sunburnt white boys, all but one of us bald since we had shaved our heads in protest against a track coach who ordered Bill Torrey, Cliff’s younger brother, to get his shaggy hair mowed.
 We had been seven until Tom, whose last name I will keep to myself, disappeared on Friday night.
 Steve Havens had invited him along, because Tom was a lonely fellow and Steve was a churchgoing boy with an inclination toward good deeds.
 A half-hour into the trip we all, even Steve, regretted bringing Tom.
 All the way over the mountains, he had criticized us, for opening a window, calling for a pit stop, and choosing the wrong direction at a crossroads.
 In the desert he turned into a pyromaniac, pelted us with fiery sticks and blew one of our sleeping bags to shreds with cherry bombs.

 still cheekily cursing Tom, when he announced that Tom had disappeared. The SUV washed, and the
-
Which is damn near impossible to accomplish without trying to do so.
 Karen - But if you can show that much loyalty to something so terrible for so long, well Elizabeth is a lucky woman.
 Art – Lucky to have won the loyalty of a dork like my son.
 Jim – You’re telling me.
 She must have accumulated some bad Karma?
 Karen – Well aside from reading Sumo Assassin, what do you enjoy doing?
 (Liz enters, carrying one last serving bowl behind Karen and Art, Jim can see her)
 Jim – Well, I like sitting and lying down on this couch, watching television, playing video games, and when she lets me, touching Elizabeth’s breasts.
 Liz – Which won’t be any time soon if you keep this up.
 Jim – Ah, well.

 – I like taking Marie to the next little store, where we buy rapidly growing mothers. Maria
-
CM:  	I didn’t know that.
 BG: 	It’s there.
 Like on Sergeant Pepper’s.
 Everyone wanted to do Sergeant Pepper’s back then.
 It was actually Skippy’s idea—he’d been reading some voodoo book, and found these words.
 That’s his voice, though you can’t tell.
 Jim did the oud bit.
 CM:  	Hm.
 So, the order…
 BG: 	I don’t think anyone decided it.

 : Oh,... I just didn’t know that. BR:
-
Every developmental achievement results in an abandonment of old behaviours and attitudes, and the acceptance of new ones.
 Development destroys survival-based, traditional values and creates achievement-oriented, progressive values.
 Over the last two centuries in countries around the world development has strengthened expansive values that encourage greater freedom, tolerance, individual initiative, self-confidence and self-respect, dynamism, risk-taking, efficiency, punctuality, organization, communication and cooperation, open-mindedness and respect for new ideas, innovation and creativity.
 At the same time development has weakened values that support respect for tradition and hierarchy, seniority and authority, self-effacement and humility, patience and perseverance, generosity and self-sacrifice.
 The nineteenth century tolerated values based on the exploitation by people over people through slavery, colonialism and war, and the domination of nature by man.
 The guiding values for the coming century are freedom and respect for the individual, social equity, tolerance of human diversity and harmony with the environment.
 Development is widely regarded as the cause of moral decline and increasing corruption, crime and violence.
 These negative consequences are primarily due to the fact that freedom has been extended to vast sections of the population which were confined in the past by rigid social barriers and minimum expectations, so they never had need or occasion to embrace the values they now eschew.
 The earlier self-restraint has been replaced by a self-assertion that has not yet acquired the productive values needed for achievement.
 Rising expectations enhance this tendency.

 cost level increases it encourages such self- Restraint, to continue in its positive orientation.<eop>
-
I-I really didn't understand until my last evening with him that we couldn't just kiss forever, that eventually kisses wouldn't be enough.
 If he hadn't stopped, we would have gone on and on and on until--"  She caught her breath, biting her lip and fixing her eyes on the handkerchief she was clenching.
 Mrs. Tranton leaned forward, putting a hand on her daughter's knee.
 "I understand."
 Marie glanced up.
 "I love him, Mother."
 "Are you sure you’ll never see him again?"
 Tears welled up in her eyes and spilled over.
 "Positive.
 I had to make a choice: stay with Rick and never come home again or come home and give him up forever."

 her feet on the stool that supported the wine at the bottom of the table, stroking the napkin in
-
He was being hunted; but hunted because he had finally dealt out justice.
 He had killed two monsters, two who wore faces not their own, and who he could feel no remorse for killing.
 Rodregas had finally escaped to his quiet place in the mountains to rest and, best of all, with two companions who seemed to be good people.
 Clearly, Doi’van had a dark side and he knew little of either of his companions.
 But it had been a long time since he had wanted to know more about anyone that he met.
 Rodregas had a new strong and powerful body, and he owed a great debt of guilt for that.
 He had even been able to free prisoners and give them a second chance at life.
 How many times had he dreamed of that while the prisoners had pleaded with him?
 He had turned a stone face to the prisoners; he had refused to learn their names, and had just survived by doing his duty.
 Rodregas pulled out the captain’s mattress, he hesitated and walked over to where Imeralda was spreading a blanket and with a smile but no words he pulled up the blanket, and unrolled the mattress and laid the blanket on top.

 just around the corner Evamer stood at the first crest of Therera and waited. More fatigue
-
It is now recognized that the democratic principles of political freedom, social equality, self-determination and related human rights are inalienable and must be extended to all people everywhere.
 The second factor that naturally imposes limits on national sovereignty – the rights of other nations and their citizens – has also gained substantially wider acceptance, has been enshrined by international law, and has become accepted doctrine governing many facets of international relations.
 Common security against transnational threats and common prosperity for all humankind cannot be based on a 250-year-old concept of nation sovereignty.
 Over the last half century, national sovereignty has been maturing into international sovereignty.
 As the evolution of the international community proceeds towards the establishment of an effective system of world governance in one form or another, the collective rights of the international community of nations must inevitably come to be regarded as another inalienable truth, alongside individual human rights and the rights of each nation.
 The right of the nation state to self-determination has to accommodate the rights of other nations and the common shared rights of every human being.
 This approach establishes criteria for determining when claims of national sovereignty must be ignored.
 Every right is accompanied by a responsibility.
 A government that fosters external aggression or cannot contain domestic violence and civil strife, that cannot create conditions in which its people can feed themselves or even receive outside assistance, fails the test of sovereignty.
 Under these circumstances, the international community, through the UN, should have the right and accept the responsi bility to intervene appropriately.

 , the human rights of the people of all countries must be stressed. We must continue to defend human
-
Not the typical I-hate-you-and-I'm-going-to-do-everything-I-can-to-smear-your-reputation-and-get-you-in-trouble-because-we're-in-high-school-and-that's-all-I can-really-do type glaring.
 Instead her eyes seemed to warn me never to go out alone at night because if she ever found me somewhere without any witnesses, they were going to have to hospitalize me.
 I felt a chill run through me, and dropped my eyes out of involuntary reflex.
 I probably would've started shaking if someone hadn't grabbed my shoulder and startled some kind of twisted cross between a shriek and a gasp out of me.
 I turned to give whoever it was a piece of my mind, but Brandon's laughing gray eyes made the words tangle up before they made it down to my tongue.
 "Hey there.
 You still going to that tutoring lab after school?"
 I managed a nod that I thought nearly looked casual.
 "Good, I need to start tracking your movements so you don't keep running me over."
 The rest of lunch and all of history passed in a blur.

 totalless was Brandon cop-ning it out with approach marks or just an embarrassing slip. Somehow a
-
I got simpler.
 Some people, some back-biting curs, I might say, said I got stupider, that my two “California” LPs represent some kind of nadir for rock music, right up there with Self Portrait and “My Love” and Satanic Majesties Royal Request or whatever the hell that thing is called.
 I’m here to tell you, you got one person, man.
 When you’re a writer, you got one person.
 As close as I am to Lorelei, when I’m in there, when I’m at the typewriter or guitar or keyboard, I’m all alone, man, a chilling kind of alone, and I’m conscienceless, ruthless.
 You write because you’ve got to man, because it’s your guts that are hurting, your guts that are in need of something.
 And you’re gonna find that thing, even as it keeps receding from view, even as the more you go forward the farther away it gets.
 You ever been to the beach man?
 Seen those little clams, tiny little fuckers, that dive as you dig around them.
 They just keep burrowing downward, and the faster you dig the deeper they go (is that a Beatle’s line?

 same thing about that shit, too.<eop> You devour something, and you run. Because you gotta
-
"What about Jeremy?
 You don't know him that well--maybe he's a vegetarian."
 They were having meat lasagna.
 "Maybe I should make something else, some spaghetti or--" "Shhh."
 He took her face in his hands, making her look into his eyes.
 "Everything'll be fine, sweetheart.
 You're a terrific cook, and they'll love what you've made."
 He brushed his lips over hers.
 Marie didn't relax until everyone had tasted the lasagna that evening.
 It was good, and she smiled when Rick winked at her over his second forkful.

 "What about Jeremy?" Marie asked Rick. He was "What about me?"
-
Jason spun around and began to stab them as I suggested.
 He ducked and I say their number start to drop because of his quick reflexes.
 The swarm's size was reduced to half.
 The syphons were starting to look uneasy, hesitating before they flung themselves at us.
 It didn't matter to me.
 “Retreat!” one of the voices yelled.
 “Fall back!” They gave one more angry hiss at us and disappeared into the woods.
 The bushes and trees rattled and then the woods were silent.
 I could hear everyone's heavy breaths as we turned to face each other.
 Well, actually everyone turned to me.

 of the syphons are a skilled player and were going to dump themselves in the deep
-
He went back to his office and read the article again.
 He should have shown it to Marie before he’d fallen in love with her.
 But he was afraid to tell her he’d known of her before she’d walked into the garden.
 What if she thought he’d done something to cause it?
 Marie was growing increasingly frustrated with the books she was reading.
 There were all kinds of theories about how to travel through time, but there was absolutely nothing that could explain how she’d traveled through time.
 She hadn’t gotten in a time machine, hadn’t been near a dead star, hadn’t been thinking about 2011.
 That was another thing—most of the articles talked about traveling back in time, not forward.
 How could she have been thinking about 2011 when she knew nothing about it?
 She picked up a book with a chapter on traveling through time by thought.

 went to his office and read the article again. She didn’t know why it had to do
-
Why would you do all of that for me?"
 "You really don't understand?
 You saved Rachel from a beating.
 If for no other reason, then for that."
 I took a careful step forward and placed a hand on his arm.
 He absently let the huge flower pot drop, but didn't step away from me.
 "That isn't why you did it though.
 Is it?"
 Alec finally shook his head.
 "No, I just did it for you.

 . children and the "I wish for more..." thing." I wasn'
-
Everyone would be so busy looking at the other three girls that they wouldn't even notice me.
 It wasn't ideal, but it was better than nothing.
 A quiet knock brought us all around to find Jessica waiting at the door, her makeup and hair partway done, a dress bag slung over her arm.
 "Can I join you guys?"
 Her voice was scratchy, and her eyes were red from crying, but she was putting on a brave face, and Rachel didn't even hesitate.
 "Of course, Jess.
 We figured you wanted some privacy with Isaac, or we would've dragged you over here hours ago."
 The rest of us were quick to pipe in, but at least on my side, the sentiment was a little half-hearted.
 Unlike Jasmin, Jessica never had come around, never made her peace with the fact that because of me things were going to go downhill in a hurry after tonight.
 I'd tried to get both Rachel and Dominic to explain why she hated me so much, but neither would give me a real explanation.

 of her way out of the room, if you could help me?"<eop> "Well,
-
They were testing her, a servant told me.
 Anvil was holding her back, Rune with magic.
 She snapped and they saw her power.
 Some denied the possibility but not my father.
 He has attained his prize, that which he has always coveted.
 I will stop him.
 ~ The plan is forming, but I am unsure whether it will work.
 I know I cannot defeat him, and his guard, alone.
 But I must protect my Freya.
 I must protect us all.

 Thence there is a promise once made, once a contemplated, once acted upon or once a denied
-
Like scent to a bloodhound, Qurrah could sense the magic flowing all about him.
 The flame surrounding the skulls flared even brighter, but beneath their tails trailed long threads of silver.
 When Qurrah looked up, he saw hundreds of the threads twisting and curling together, coiling toward a hidden presence deep within the orc army.
 Taking in a deep breath, Qurrah pooled his strength and focused on the skull taunting his brother, visualizing the thread and seeking to sever it.
 There was a pull on his chest—the taste of copper on his tongue.
 When he opened his eyes, the skull fell to the battlements.
 The jaw snapped and rotting teeth clattered to the streets below.
 “You did it!” Harruq picked up the skull, frowning at its ordinariness.
 Shrugging, he flung it toward the distant army of orcs.
 “Not done yet,” Qurrah said, sweat lining his face, his breathing soft and ragged.

 ukh barely moved, the prisoners corners impeding the meltdown of the next body. They dragged the
-
“I have to see Aurelia,” he told his brother, who nodded in understanding.
 “I will wait for you,” Qurrah said.
 “Return before the battle starts.”
 “I will,” Harruq said.
 Then he was gone, rushing down the streets of Woodhaven toward the calm forest that nestled about it.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Aurry, are you there?” he shouted.
 He had hoped the elf would be waiting for him, but as he neared their usual clearing there was no sign of her.
 His heart skipped, and he feared she had already gone off to prepare for battle.

 must be waiting for my brother, and I have to go back to my normal place in the town
-
She hoped Rick was making pancakes too.
 He was in the hall when she opened the door.
 “Morning.” She smiled up at him sleepily.
 “Good morning.” She was wearing only his pajama top and looked unbelievably sexy.
 Drawing her close, he bent his head and kissed her.
 Marie sighed with pleasure as she returned Rick’s kiss.
 She’d never dreamed anything could make her feel this way.
 “Are you hungry?” he asked, kissing the tip of her nose.
 “Starved.”  She hugged him.
 They went downstairs with their arms around each other.

 floor on the second floor of the IC CDP. Large roommate and roommate issue this three bedroom dorm
-
He stared after her for a bit, then turned toward home.
 Before he could take two steps, a sudden weight crashed into his side.
 He tumbled best he could, his shoulder absorbing much of the impact.
 His legs tucked underneath him and pushed, shooting him back to his feet.
 Out came his swords.
 Standing before him was Dieredon, his bow held in both hands like a staff.
 Long blades stretched out from either end, tiny razor teeth lining the front.
 The elf twirled the bow in his hands and then charged.
 Two quick hits batted one of Harruq’s swords out and away.
 A feint, so quick Harruq blocked on instinct, took care of the other.

 , a man in a leather robe. A plain white robe. The man that said Dieredon
-
Recognition of this opportunity should be central to the strategy of industrial nations for stimulating their own job growth.
 Advancing technology: The pace of technological development continues to accelerate.
 The application of biotechnology in agriculture offers significant opportunities to raise productivity and generate higher incomes for farmers.
 Medical biotechnology is opening up the prospect of longer, healthier lives of better quality for the elderly.
 Over the next 40 years, child mortality is expected to fall to half its present level and life expectancy is projected to rise by 10 per cent.
 The shift to renewable energy sources and reduced material consumption in manufacturing can lighten the environmental burden of economic growth.
 Concerted action now could bring these benefits much sooner.
 Information superhighways: Information is a catalyst and stimulant to social development.
 The speed of information, like the speed of transportation, is a critical determinant of economic activity.
 Innovations brought about by the marriage of computers and telecommunications will make possible more, faster and better communication in developing countries at substantially lower cost through global computer networks and satellite-linked telephone systems.

 that they will pay less than that of the top-five corporations in the world and will be substantially
-
Renunciation of the veto power, expansion of the Security Council and democratization of UN decision-making processes will forge an institution capable of meeting the challenges of the future, rather than living in the shadow of the past.
 Why should we wait for these things to happen inevitably after a lapse of decades or centuries when we are amply capable of attaining those beneficial results now, to the great advantage of everyone?
 Many will argue that, when it comes to food and jobs, the external resources are the real constraints.
 We disagree.
 It has been amply demonstrated that the main cause of famines is not inadequate production or supply of food.
 In the modern day, famine is primarily an economic problem of entitlement, not a physical problem of shortage.
 The world possesses enough technology to double or triple the food supply in a decade, if only the world’s poorest two billion people have the purchasing power to consume it.
 So, too, the problem of employment.
 Humankind has employed itself ever since the dawn of civilization.
 So long as people have wants and are willing to work to fulfil them, there need not be a shortage of jobs for all who seek them.

 the motivation for catch-up on the "Egro, the world is a fantastic place,
-
“I have pink hair!
 Isn’t it cool?” She spun around so we could take in all of its bubblegum pink color.
 She looked at the bow slung over my shoulder and Seth’s gleaming sword.
 “Hey, I don’t have anything cool and deadly.
 Why do you both get something like that and I didn’t?
 It’s not like you can trust Jazell with something sharp or dangerous.” “Hey!
 We can’t trust you either.” I pointed out, crossing my arms.
 “Arming you is as scary as giving a kindergartener a knife.” She gasped.
 “Yeah, well, I’m ignoring you now.” She huffed and turned around.
 “There you are!” Jason exclaimed as he crashed out of the trees, panting.

 !” She yelled. BITS. STAY. RAM. WORK.<eop> Instead of
-
Slower growth in productivity can be attributed to a slowdown in the development of improved hybrid varieties, shortages of quality seeds and fertilizers, and the absence of techno-infrastructure facilities needed for storage and processing, expansion of markets, transport and distribution.
 Environment
 A number of factors are posing serious obstacles to productivity growth and threaten even current levels of production.
 Of the poor, 80 per cent in Latin America, 60 per cent in Asia and 50 per cent in Africa live on marginal land of low productivity and high susceptibility to environmental degradation.
 Raising productivity on these lands can be extremely difficult.
 Quality farmlands are being lost at an astonishing rate to diversion for non-farm uses, desertification, deforestation, soil erosion, and the depletion and pollution of water resources.
 These factors have resulted in the degradation of nearly one billion hectares worldwide since the Second World War.
 In addition, climatic changes resulting from the increased emission of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere are expected to exert additional negative impact over the long term, the extent of which is difficult to assess.
 Opportunities in Agriculture
 Rapid and sustained expansion of food and agricultural production cannot be achieved without concerted efforts to address these factors.

 continue to rise, these efforts will increase land availability at quickly progressive rate in parallel with recent higher in
-
Emily was running over with Jason on her heels.
 She slowed down and hugged me tight.
 Jason slapped Seth on the back and bent over to catch his breath.
 “Hey, where were you guys?” I asked.
 “We were looking around to see if it was safe,” Emily said.
 “We thought you two were doing the same.” She put her hands on her hips.
 “I guess not.” “Are you going to get mad at me?” I pouted.
 She play punched me in the arm.
 “No, I'll let it slide.” She winked at me.
 I looked over at Seth, trying to catch his eye but he avoided my gaze.

 on my elbow. Katrina is laughing hysterically in a coma in the hospital. She looked over at
-
Its report presented evidence to dispel the twin myths that technological development and trade were net job destroyers.
 It traced the growth of employment opportunities through the 20th Century, a century of unprecedented technological development and commercial expansion, to show that this period has also been an era of unprecedented growth in the quantity and quality of employment opportunities.
 The report argued that the current surge in joblessness was a temporary result of the mismatch between the rates of surging population growth and expanding economic activity.
 It concurred that rising levels of unemployment constituted a serious problem that needed to be urgently addressed, but rejected the notion that it is an inevitable and incurable disease which the world must resign itself to passively suffer and endure.
 The Commission, therefore, developed and presented a comprehensive strategy for job-led economic growth.
 Over the past decade, changes in the employment picture lend credence to ICPF’s perspective.
 The American economy experienced a decade-long expansion, fuelling high levels of employment at home, while stimulating job growth throughout East Asia, attracting a massive influx of foreign technical workers and setting the stage for a global outsourcing boom which is still in its infancy.
 Among the advanced economies, unemployment declined from an average of 6.9 per cent in the period 1985-94 to 6.5 per cent during the last 10 years.
 It fell by 10 per cent in France, 25 per cent in Italy, a third in Netherlands, 50 per cent in Spain and 70 per cent in Ireland.
 It is declining but remains 10 per cent higher than the average for 1985-94 in Germany, which is still recovering from the economic impact of reunification.

 of European and global business opportunities evokes a parallel and far higher calibre of competition, of
-
“Perhaps, or perhaps the elves are retreating, or even the humans.
 Either way, our time is running short.
 We must find our master.
 So far no resident of Woodhaven has seen us and lived, but I do not wish to press such luck.”
 “Looks like we have no choice,” Harruq said, crossing his swords in an ‘X’ before his chest.
 Far down the street, where the road hooked left like the back leg of a dog, an elven archer approached, his bow ready.
 Two arrows flew into the air.
 Both half-orcs dodged as the arrows whistled past.
 “Close the distance,” Qurrah said before beginning a spell.
 Harruq charged, bellowing a mindless war cry.

 quivered like Furnishian fringes, then hummed louder than any human who had seen
-
“My mother was a power-hungry wench seeking notoriety.
 She was an elemental fairy and, like me, sported a fine head of red hair.” She ran a hand under the curls for emphasis.
 “She heard a story one day of a mixed-species birth and got it in her head she could breed a more powerful magic.
 Apparently she thought she could control her offspring and use the magic to her advantage… I suppose she thought she could rule the world.” Ruby smirked.
 “She studied various species for a few moons and decided her best chance at conquest was a dark elf.
 She made her way to this very village and happened across my father, poor unsuspecting sap.” Ruby flitted her fingers, glasses and wine served before each of us as she continued.
 “So there he was and she, just a wisp of a woman, flew up to him and blew a little fairy dust… well, you know about that.” I narrowed my eyes at her.
 Ruby grinned.
 “He was putty in her hands.
 It was all over before he even knew her purpose.

 jewels him and promises money for his latest job. “Ed is a small and dark elf
-
“No,” he said, “use the magic.
 Feel it.” I nodded and he returned his gaze to our hands, now both connected.
 He couldn’t have been much older than I, but his hands dwarfed mine and it made me feel suddenly, fleetingly, like a child again.
 A spark lit at the hem of my left sleeve and slowly worked its way up my arm.
 I wanted the fire off me, needed it put out.
 When I concentrated on that, the flame flickered.
 It flared again and Chevelle squeezed my hands; I had to be able to do this.
 I focused hard on the base of the flame as it wavered and then fell back toward the hem, where it finally choked off.
 I glanced up at Chevelle.
 He looked pleased.

 darkness I were now surrounded by and I aimed a blow that seemed like a so-called rock out
-
“Secondly, don’t cut yourself.
 These things are sharp.” She moved to toss the sword to me but reconsidered and handed it over, making sure I had a good grip.
 There were intricate designs carved on the handle and runes etched in the blade.
 It wasn’t as heavy as it appeared.
 I moved it around a bit, slashing wide arcs though the chill air.
 It was pleasant, nicely balanced in my hand.
 That didn’t mean I could actually cut through someone’s neck, though.
 “Ruby, how do you intend to teach me with this?
 I mean if there’s no messing around, just lop your head off and all?” She laughed.
 “Don’t worry, Frey.

 d seen most of that since we got together last year. “Your cause speaks volumes. Firstly
-
Even if they weren't, she was probably right about not getting my hopes up.
 Especially considering the way Alec had looked at me there at the end.
 Despite my best efforts the question still slipped out.
 "They're together then?"
 Britney smirked.
 "You really are masochistic, aren't you?
 That's the rumor.
 Nobody really seems to know, at least nobody who's talking, but they're almost always together.
 You really shouldn't go there; he's brutal when it comes to breaking girls' hearts."
 There was a story there, but I wasn't about to ask now and expose myself to further ridicule.

 Because I wasn't want to play no se in this game her parents had been playing?
-
The fire came once more, wrapping around his throat.
 Smoke blurred his vision, the smell of his own charring flesh filled his nose, and he dropped his sword to claw at his neck.
 Flesh burned off his fingers.
 He felt the pain fade away.
 Then nothing.
 The whip slithered off his throat and coiled around the half-orc’s hand.
 “Simply pitiful,” Qurrah said again, but Jeremiah did not hear it.
 His soul was already on its way.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 the feet of the foolish-orc to their knees.! Jeremiah tilted his head.
-
Do not be so selfish as to want it all to yourself.” With that he gave a punch to Rodregas’ side, causing Rodregas to grunt in pain, and Doi’van followed the other two out the door.
 Rodregas laid in the bed, his mind whirling with thoughts.
 At first he thought about the implications of what Jordaan had shared.
 But, then his mind went back again and again over his and Imeralda’s time during the last few weeks and then back to Doi’van’s words.
 He knew his friend spoke the truth, but he was not so sure about his ability to do what he needed to keep his relationship with the beautiful AElven Nymph.
 CHAPTER 11 THE NATURE OF BONDS
 The next few days Rodregas and Doi’van recovered quickly under the powerful healing magic of Jordaan.
 This is not to say Rodregas did not spend most of his time dreaming that the handsome young Nymph would head back to his own estates.
 They were staying in a small village that seemed to be mostly a forest with small rooms built into it.
 Rodregas could not figure out any set pattern to the place or its boundaries.

 encountered a small small village with a complex number of rooms on site.<eop><eod> F.,
-
“One to two,” Harruq said.
 He double thrust, offering the elf no reprieve.
 She jabbed her staff upward, pushing the two attacks high and giving her room underneath.
 Ducking forward, she tried to strike the half-orc’s leg.
 She badly underestimated Harruq’s new speed though, and one blade looped around to block the attack.
 The other went straight down, the edge smashing hard against the top of Aurelia’s skull.
 While it did not draw blood, the jolt of it knocked the elf to one knee and gave her a dull ache in her head.
 “Have you lost your mind?” Aurelia asked as she rolled away.
 Harruq’s mad charge was her answer, and it sparked fear in her heart.
 Sword strikes assailed her impossibly fast.

 the hatched hatch, and flew velvet toward Aurelia. Out come the shadows, and there
-
“Yes?” he asked trying to act calm and in control.
 “We might lose some guards and probably some of the kitchen drudges if they have money in hand and a whole week off, also we leave ourselves open for theft if we don’t keep at least a minimum of guards at the front gate.” Rodregas relaxed at the mundane nature of the questions.
 “True, but I will not stint in thanking the gods for a favorable ceremony.
 Keep a few guards at the gate, but only the minimum needed.
 But that does remind me.
 Release any remaining prisoners and make sure they are fed and clothed, and allow them to make their way back to their homes.” “That has some danger to it,” said Captain Poir hurriedly, his expression returning to a look of concern.
 “True,” he replied.
 “But do as I command,” Rodregas stated in his firmest voice.
 Captain Poir nodded and immediately said, “As you command, master.” Rodregas started to open the door to the stairway when another thought hit him, and he turned back to the captain, and said, “I need time to adjust.
 Make sure that I am not disturbed in my quarters tonight, but tell Adapt Korin that before he leaves to celebrate, to come up to my room for some last minute instructions.” Captain Poir responded with his very military, “Yes sir.”  Rodregas had to admit while most of the guards were no better trained than a ruffian off the street the captain had served with The Immortal Guards and he was highly trained and disciplined.

 ling back from his bed they each looked over at each other, and began just as quickly to make
-
Buddy Gardner.
 It was Jim Dickinson who dubbed Buddy “Slipshod,” not because Buddy was a sloppy player but because he put together such sloppy groups around him.
 It mattered not to Buddy who was playing behind him.
 He was lost in the ether, playing for his own private gods, letting the Lydian reverberation carry him away, the sound coming from his own self, you see.
 Oh, of course, he knew when the bassist was faking it, or the drummer tripping over himself to keep up, or the rhythm guitarist playing the same three chords over and over, hoping his stroking would be lost in the thunder.
 Buddy knew it, but he didn’t care.
 He was soaring.
 He was making music, Memphis music, as sacred a calling as one could imagine.
 Eventually, Buddy found his grounding, a group almost as flexuous and capable as Buddy, though few could approach Buddy’s genius for the ineffable, that secret other place he could go with his music.
 Black Lung was born in the mid-sixties in an abandoned gas station when a bass player named Crafty Connor was introduced to Buddy through the coagulant Sid Selvidge.

 directed Black Lung and his group for the first time in Dallas in the late-sixties, and
-
“So what is your surprise for me?” he asked.
 Aurelia smiled from her seat against a tree.
 She patted the grass beside her.
 “Have a seat.
 How’s your head?”
 Harruq grumbled as he plopped down.
 “My head is fine.”
 From behind her back, Aurelia pulled out a small blue object.
 “Ever seen one of these before?” she asked.
 The half-orc stared at it, thinking.

 , on the turquoise bird on the lack of the tail, and on the oblong blue bird on
-
I drew in a sharp intake of breath.
 I hadn’t noticed I had gotten so deeply involved in the story.
 I needed to rest, to finish my recovery and break the bonds.
 But I couldn’t seem to step away.
 I was unnaturally calm when they finally came for me.
 I knew they would recognize the signs.
 But it didn’t matter now.
 I walked forward, resigned to my fate.
 What I didn’t expect was their response.
 The throne room was full.

 that well? A hostile crowd? For what wasn’t once was once a dragon? What a
-
It’s hard to tell in these situations.
 Seth brandished his sword.
 “My turn.” “Really, warrior?” Kojas said and laughed.
 His laugh was like a bunch of spiders running down my back.
 “You think your sword will do any more than the pathetic archer girl’s arrow?” “Hey,” I shouted, “I’m not a pathetic archer girl!” Oh course, the two ignored me.
 I swear the air sizzled with the tension between Kojas and Seth.
 Seth stood ridged and I was pretty sure that it was taking all of his will power not to jump at Kojas, sword flying.
 “I believe it will,” Seth said through gritted teeth.
 Kojas laughed again but I don’t think any of us saw what was so funny.
 Emily leaned towards me.

 the pathetic archer girl’s arrow?” Emily asked and shouted at Kojas. Ko
-
They hunted with weapons, wrote with their hands, worked as if they took pleasure in it.
 Was there no energy left for magic?
 Or was it not important until you reached the close of your years and realized it was almost gone?
 I remembered how long a thousand years had seemed to me before I planned on spending it in a prison.
 Ruby walked in and I snapped the book shut, positive I shouldn’t have taken it from her table without permission.
 One glance at her stifled reaction and I knew I’d not be able to ask her about what I’d read.
 “Sleep well?” she asked.
 “Oh,” I started, my voice hoarse.
 She handed me a glass of water, which she smoothly traded for the book.
 “Dreams,” I complained.

 d read a great deal of Wizards House Dungeon and Dragons book. It was an originally draft
-
Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.
 But I had to clean the blood from my face and straighten the nest of hair on my head.
 When I leaned forward, a flash caught my eye.
 For a moment I thought the pendant was reflecting light from somewhere in the dark hallway, but my brain must have been still muddled from sleep.
 I examined the stone closer and saw blood had gotten smudged there as well, so I rinsed it clean.
 I lingered there, clutching it tight in my hand.
 It was a comfort to hold.
 It seemed to warm something deep within me.
 I vowed to keep it on as I shook away a thought from the dream coming back to me and headed for the door.

 and this could be hanging in the open? Which one could catch on? Who could be hidden in
-
"Come inside and see the things in my house."
 She shrank back, fearful again.
 "No."
 "It's the only way you'll believe me.
 Do you know what a television is?
 A blender?
 A microwave?"
 When her eyes grew larger with fear, he knelt beside her.
 "I won't hurt you, Marie.
 You don't know how to get back home, anyway.

 , you might have hurt me a lot." "I thought it was wasted time to make
-
She wandered full circle and, for the first time, wasn't disappointed when she saw Rick's fountain.
 He stood up when he saw her, and she walked into his arms.
 "What do I need to do to get ready for Hollywood?"
 she asked, rubbing her cheek against his shoulder.
 She spent the day washing and ironing and folding clothes and cleaning the house.
 While the lasagna she'd made for dinner baked, she made a list of what she wanted to buy the next day.
 They needed new beach towels and more sunscreen and aloe vera lotion.
 She wanted a nice dress to wear in the evening, but she hesitated about putting it on the list.
 She didn't want to ask Rick for anything frivolous, and she'd probably get to wear the dress only once or twice.
 But she didn't want him to be embarrassed by a companion who wasn't dressed appropriately.

 said that she'd come to only England’s wealthiest families, and that this wouldn't
-
I missed another step, but I wasn't fighting off a panic attack, I was just shocked that his words hadn't triggered one.
 Maybe it was just a function of the simple passage of time, but that didn't feel like the right answer.
 Wrapped inside his right arm as I was, the pleasant tingle surging through me wherever our skin touched, it seemed utterly impossible anything could ever have that kind of power to hurt me again.
 I regained my footing, and it wasn't until Alec ceased moving that I realized the music had stopped.
 "Sorry, the stipulation was two decent songs, and then the DJ could play three of whatever he was in the mood for."
 "It's okay, I actually need to sit down for a minute."
 The words came out as a reflex, designed to let boys gracefully bow out of having to keep dancing with me, but a slight tremor in my legs put some truth to the polite lie.
 I really was tired.
 Even more surprising was the way that Alec held onto my hand as he led me over to a line of chairs.
 He was normally so careful not to prolong physical contact.

 ed him his undiluted lips, and blessed him with a high concentration of magical dust that was
-
Do not be ashamed,” Velixar said.
 “There might have been a victor, but Celestia interfered at last.
 She cast each god far beyond the sky, to where she herself had made a home.
 She gave half to Ashhur and half to Karak.
 The souls of the soldiers who fought and died alongside them were given to their masters.
 She cursed the elves who sided with Karak, branding them the ‘orcs,’ or ‘betrayers’ in her tongue.
 Once the brother gods were locked away from the world, and each other, Celestia issued her final decree.”
 “What was it?” asked Qurrah after Velixar remained quiet for a moment.
 “She ordered that Ashhur and Karak continue the fight they refused to end for all eternity.
 Many centuries have passed, Qurrah.

 to re-take. I say this as a confession. “King Mon Ardsee refused to
-
I followed Emily, with Jason and Seth on my heels.
 When we reached the blocked cave entrance, Seth drew his sword and sliced the vines apart.
 They fell to the ground and the cave was revealed.
 We walked inside the dimly lit space and I sighed in relief at some safety.
 The air smelled musty and I had a feeling no one had ever been here.
 I sat on the floor next to Emily and the boys sat on the opposite side of the floor.
 “We should all get some rest,” Seth said with a yawn.
 “We can figure out what to do next when we wake up.” I nodded sleepily and laid down on the hard ground.
 I closed my eyes, feeling a strange tiredness come over me.
 I barely heard Seth mumbled, “I don't like our situation at all.” That night, I had the weirdest dream.

 out out of control and an impossible number of things happened to things that didn't react like that
-
She twisted her head about to kiss his throat.
 "I think about you all the time.
 I think about kissing you and touching you--with your shirt off."
 She kissed him, her hands moving restlessly over his chest.
 Nuzzling his ear, she told him, "It's probably wrong for me to tell you these things.
 But I want to tell you everything.
 I want you to know how I feel."
 Rick pulled her onto his lap and began devouring her mouth.
 If he didn't know better, he'd swear she was the most cunning seductress he'd ever known.
 Her innocence combined with her confession was a powerful aphrodisiac.

 it against that good old true. Rick could never hear her pureness, for that matter. But
-
That’s when the lawyers came in.
 And let me go on record right now as saying that he brought the lawyers in.
 I mean, he told me he was going on tour—told me, not asked me, and I said, great, what are you gonna fucking play?
 You know?
 Like, I mean, I was being blunt, but for his good, because like he’s written, what 2, 3 songs.
 And he’s like, I’m playing all the old stuff, off “Turntable.’  And I said, I’ll be fucked if you are.
 I was Black Lung, man.
 I wrote the shit.
 That’s my guitar—the whole sound of the group was the guitar, man.
 Those are my songs, whether I want them or not.

 sha, (J-Baby Junior Level), next to my ho---id,
-
Well, almost anything.
 She had to go home.
 She jumped when she heard Rick's door open.
 Glancing at him, she turned and headed downstairs.
 Rick followed her, wondering if she was mad or embarrassed or confused.
 Most women would never again speak to a man who had rejected her touch.
 But most women would have known exactly what they were doing.
 Marie had simply been yielding to the pleasure of his kisses and touches with no intention of giving up her virginity.
 He'd never known a woman so passionate.
 When they walked out into the garden, Marie headed for the fog without a backward glance.

 that she seemed peaceful. She shyly took a step back and put her head down on the pillow
-
He could not bear to see it.
 Qurrah hobbled to where two bodies full of life energy awaited his coming.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq barreled around the curve, determined to catch the foul elf that had dared injure his brother.
 As he turned the corner, the twang of bowstrings filled the air.
 Three arrows hit his chest, barely puncturing his armor.
 He bellowed, furious.
 All three elves were in the center of the street, away from cover or protection.
 They would die, all of them.

 them were in that house, and that was where she was doomed to die too. She was in
-
Eugene – I don’t think that would solve anything.
 Johnny – Why not?
 Jim – Johnny remember the time when he called the police and told them that he was abducted by aliens?
 And that he wanted those aliens arrested and sent back to Mars because they were in the country illegally?
 Johnny – Yeah, so?
 Eugene – They have a picture of me posted in all of the local police stations.
 I’ve got a reputation.
 They wouldn’t believe me if I went in and testified that the sky was blue.
 Johnny – Who’s damned fault is that?
 Eugene – It’s mine.

 looks like reaction to this. Ben – You must go check the site. Ben – I
-
I turned around and saw Seth’s body through the dust.
 He looked up at me and mouthed, Jazell.
 “Seth!” I yelled.
 Then the dust and darkness swallowed him up until I couldn’t see him at all.
 Epilogue
 I padded silently through the long, dark halls.
 Emily and Jason walked wordlessly by my side.
 No one spoke because there was nothing to say, and so much to say, at the same time.
 It had been almost a day since Seth disappeared.
 A day since Kojas took him.

 washed the dust out of the bed, and ran out, a self-conscious zombie. I surveyed
-
I think we all agree they are not sharing it with me soon,” Rodregas continued with a smile.
 “And the second is the Knightly Order of the Soaring Heavens, who are reported to have the greatest collection, and they only let their knights be seared.
 I don’t think they are going to be sharing anytime soon either.” Imeralda looked at Rodregas.
 She knew that the Order of the Soaring Heavens was the order that Rodregas had belonged to as a squire, but his taking on of another’s body was anathema to the teaching of the order.
 Rodregas was an Immortalist in fact, if not a member of the Guild, and he was pretty sure most of the knights would kill him if they found out his story.
 “But don’t some wizards have the secrets for some of the lesser sigils?” asked Doi’van, joining the conversation.
 “I thought a lot of them used ones that help wizards not to grow old.” “That is true,” said Imeralda with a shrug.
 “A healing sigil is why wizards live so long.
 It is considered by most to be the moral choice instead of the Immortalists’ answer for long life.” “What about you Doi’van?” Rodregas asked.
 “Imeralda says that you are almost as powerful as me as a magician.

 t know what I am talking about Doi’van.........
-
The ghost girl’s words came back to me.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
 You are strongest when you are together, but don’t let yourselves be separated.
 Kojas had separated us because he already knew that.
 The girl had warned us for a reason.
 She had known that Kojas was going to try to split us up into groups so that we would be weak.
 I watched Seth pace back and forth, nervously running his fingers through his hair and drumming the hilt of his sword.
 I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.
 The girl had told us more than we had thought.

 them...I had lost my voice again. I wasn’t sure how to communicate anymore
-
“Wait Jason,” Emily called.
 “Dang, never mind.” She disappeared too.
 I went to follow her and hesitated.
 Seth walked up to me, “You nervous?” “Why shouldn’t I be?” I said, shaking.
 “Is going to a different world supposed to be vacation-relaxing-in-the-sun easy?” He smirked, “I never said that.” “You implied it,” I said, with a roll of my eyes.
 He sighed and pushed me into the doorway, the dark, swirling mist swallowing me up.
 I felt his hands leave my back for a second and then they were back.
 The chilly feeling welcomed me, like a long lost friend.
 As soon as the mist cleared, I was standing in a forest clearing.
 The sky was hazy and dreary, making me want to run back to Earth.

 , waiting for him to come back. Finally, Seth arrived and we walked through the darkened forest clearing
-
I'd expected some degree of cliquishness from such a small-town, but this was bad.
 I'd never seen her before, so there wasn't any way it could be some kind of misunderstanding.
 The secretary smoothed her blouse down over an ample stomach and smiled at me.
 I told myself I was just imagining that the smile never reached her eyes.
 She seemed to know who I was, and after identifying herself as Mrs. Pendely, proceeded to quiz me about which classes I'd been in at my last school.
 She stumbled a bit when I told her I hadn't enrolled in classes before moving.
 I didn't offer any additional information, so she tried to defuse the awkwardness by asking about electives.
 I answered numbly, picking out classes nearly at random.
 I already knew a school this size wouldn't have anything truly interesting.
 I'd never been willing to dedicate the time required to learn a musical instrument.

 The drop out-last-place kid named Barron got all excited with emerald green, artistic looks
-
If it was running for an extra month or two I could probably save up enough money from tutoring, but it isn't, so it just isn't going to happen."
 Rachel nodded, and for a second it was easy to forget that she probably got more spending money each month than I'd see all year.
 "That's okay.
 Things like that are always coming through Vegas.
 We can just go the next time they come to town."
 I nodded and smiled, surprised that the thought of so much time trapped in a car with someone didn't make me want to run away screaming.
 Cars were scary.
 All that time with nothing to do but talk, and once you started talking to people they wanted to know things.
 Things that weren't any of their business, things you weren't ready to discuss.
 Somehow I knew Rachel wouldn't pry.

 ' you know what about part 1 of the cheapest way? Get into the car one of the
-
He finally met her eyes.
 Marie was intrigued by the look in his eyes.
 "This-this bathing suit," she whispered.
 "It makes you .
 .
 .
 it .
 .
 .
 you like seeing me in it, don't you?"

 his mouth and his eyes and smiled at her. "I have a very sensitive skin,"
-
Dale and Junnit stood across from the two of them holding matching clubs.
 The ceremony required the prisoners to stay in each circle unbound.
 The job of the guards was to remain outside the circle but make sure that the prisoners stayed inside.
 Metal would interfere with the magic so the guards held simple wooden clubs and wore only linen clothes with no metal fastenings.
 As Rodregas pushed the half AElf into her circle, making sure not to disturb the bluish sand covered in swirls of colorful small crystals, he was surprised at how vulnerable he felt without his armor but readied himself for the task at hand.
 He quickly reached out to the woman and pulled off her gag, as even that would count as a binding and would interfere with the ritual.
 He wanted to whisper to her as he removed it, and give her a hint of the desperate gambit that he was about to try, but he knew that it was not worth the risk of others overhearing.
 Both of their lives depended on her doing what Rodregas had told her.
 If he succeeded, she would know what Rodregas had done; if he failed, well he was familiar enough with that feeling.
 He saw her lips forming something under her breath, probably a spell, but she did not have time to execute a spell of sufficient strength in the time left her.

 her mind when the guard held off her. The witch was running away Saturday. He was going to
-
The extended silence was almost enough to make me decide he was going to get up and leave.
 "All right, I'll come over and lean against your bed, but you really need to try and sleep.
 You've got to be nearly exhausted."
 "What about you, mister superhero shape shifter?
 You've been up longer than I have.
 I'm not the only one who needs to sleep."
 I tried not to let my voice get too sing-song, but I felt a completely irrational thrill as he quietly crossed over to my side of the room.
 "That's actually one of the benefits of my condition.
 I don't actually need normal amounts of sleep.
 An hour or two per night is usually more than enough."

 Because in most places, I need "normal(... sleep)." He grinned
-
I didn't recognize the voice for all that I felt like I should.
 It was a snarling alto that even distorted by anger had traces of smooth velvet, the kind of voice guys occasionally fantasized about, when they weren't thinking about other, less subtle, feminine features.
 Something hit the stall next to me, hard enough to leave dents.
 I was scared, I should have been terrified, but I was too busy trying to breathe.
 It was like the air had become thick, and although the fine strands of hair on the back of my neck hadn't moved, it felt like they should be standing on end.
 I heard indistinct sobbing, and then the voice returned and made me shiver.
 The sensation started somewhere on my back, and traveled forward like it was clawing to get out of my face.
 "I know you're sorry, just like you were sorry before.
 Only I don't really believe you, so we're instituting a new policy.
 If I catch you sniffing around him again, I'll kill you.

 was spitting out the words "DB" with incredible ""und" force, and
-
Skippy loved it when I’d bring a new song in—we practiced at his house—he had this garage and we covered the old sticky walls with egg cartons.
 Our own little studio.
 Skippy was beautiful, man.
 Full of praise for whatever I wanted to do with the band.
 Not like a sycophant, you know, a toady.
 He just was enthusiastic and every artist needs someone like that.
 I know I do, even today, even now, and it’s Lor, of course.
 She’s my star.
 LE: 	You’d do alright on your own, you know.
 BG:  	I don’t think so.

 of an education to be able to play anything with Lor. But I can play the bass, especially
-
"What do you think?"
 he asked after they'd sat down and begun eating.
 "Mmm."
 She swallowed and licked her lips.
 "This is heavenly.
 Would you like a bite?"
 "No thank you.
 But try some of this.
 See if it's as good as the chocolate."
 She let him feed her a bite.

 " "Let me get you some chocolate." "What do you think?"
-
After all the years we have been married, I still think of that moment I saw her walk into that bar whenever we are having a tough time.
 It puts all my love right back where it belongs and nothing else matters.
 Chapter 11: The Prescription Startled, I scan across the windshield and fumble for the ringing phone.
 It is Ashley and Steve, the drug dealers.
 Ashley says they are on their way.
 She tells me how they are having some difficulty raising the cash and are trying to work it out.
 Ashley takes my temperature on fronting her some of the drugs if they can’t get all the cash, and I can hear Steve coaching her in the background.
 I tell her this is unacceptable.
 She says she’ll get all the money and see me shortly.
 What will happen next with these flakes?

 hovering over my head and stared into the giant window. Both Ashley and Steve are barbed wire clad
-
Cliff and I postponed our move to San Francisco and went looking for work, which we found at Coffee Dan's restaurant in Grossmont Center, a mall we could see from the front yard of my mom's hilltop home.
 I was a pot washer six days a week, a split shift, 10-2 and 6-10.
 Sundays and late evenings I played with Liz.
 Before work and between shifts, I carried on where Eric had left off reading dark novels.
 One of them was Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoyevski.
 The story tells of Raskolnikov, a dropped out university student a few years older than me, who is possessed with a deep bitterness because he is brilliant but also poor.
 Both to save his sister from marrying a wealthy snob and to prove a theory of his, he decides to rob a pawnbroker, knowing that the act might require murder.
 His theory maintains that even acts of violence can be justified for certain special people who intend to use the results of violence for the good of all or many.
 The special people, whose brilliance and high intentions exempted them from society's laws, were to me the same supermen Nietzsche urged us to become.
 The novel put me into a fever.

 <eop> I then went on to read Major Darkness. Everything was so intense and unsettling to me. It
-
Cleo – Where do you get off speaking to me like that?
 Liz – Oh I just guess I wasn’t raised very well, my mother spent so much of her time sleeping with the gardener and her tennis instructor.
 Cleo – I never did anything, those are all lies made up by your father to turn you against me!
 I never touched either of those men.
 I was faithful to your father!
 Liz – I have pictures.
 Cleo – You little sneak!
 Well your father has been cheating on me too, with his secretaries, since just a little while after you were born.
 Liz – I’ve got pictures of that as well.
 It all makes for a wonderful family album to show my children one day.

 – I have more pictures. Cleo – I have more pictures. Liz – I have more
-
So what then?” Steed flinched at my tone, but didn’t answer.
 “Frey,” Chevelle called from the front of the line.
 I glared at him.
 “Time to resume your training.” They had me work with Anvil, trying to anticipate when he was preparing to send a small current of electricity toward me.
 Which meant I spent the day getting shocked.
 I was grateful when we finally stopped to make camp.
 I was afraid they would resume training after dinner, so I found a place off by myself and pretended to rest as I went back to reading the diary.
 Today was exhilarating.
 For the first time in I don’t know how long, I was out of the castle.
 Free from practice, free from duties, free from walls.

 guaranteed that my body and soul wouldn’t be killed anytime soon. I was cared for, fed
-
They called my mother.
 My mother apologized.
 I went home and changed my jeans.
 Case closed.
 And Mrs.
 McGonnigle—McCormack?—McGregor?, or was that the farmer in Peter Rabbit?--bless her heart, forgot about it.
 Let it drop.
 I was reinstated, so to speak.
 Still, I did wear a Che Guevara t-shirt as often as it was clean enough.
 (laughs) Or my Lenin/Lennon.

 I familiar with. That Petro or P. C. or W. N. A. or W
-
I worked my eyes again, using every ounce of control I had left.
 I was on a horse, running.
 Not my own.
 Chevelle was holding me in front of him, my body limp and useless.
 I fought to focus on more but was overtaken by pain.
 We were running away?
 I could control nothing but my mind, and that just barely.
 As my eyes closed again, I reached out and found my horse as he lay motionless on the ground, my Steed.
 He wasn’t dead.
 I asked him to stand and tried to impress upon him to follow.

 did he do? He growled and turned back to the ground. For an instant, I could not
-
A movie star or millionaire would have had a hard time topping this place for sheer decadence.
 The walls were paneled in some kind of rare, doubtless expensive imported hardwood.
 The bookcases that covered the majority of the wall space seemed to be made out of the same kind of wood, and were filled with more books than I'd seen in the local bookstore the one time I'd convinced Britney to stop by on our way home after school.
 They were all hardbound, with leather bindings and engraved covers.
 There was a stereo system off in one corner, hooked up to a laptop and some kind of portable music player.
 I had to look around the room twice before I finally spotted the speakers to the system.
 They were built into the walls and ceiling, and based on their number and varying sizes I had a sneaking suspicion they'd produce nearly as much volume as the monsters professional DJs brought to dances.
 Based on the amount of money involved in setting up such a system in the first place, they probably cranked all that out without even the slightest hint of distortion.
 As impressive as the stereo no doubt was, it was all of those shelves filled with books that finally pulled me off of the bed and onto the incredibly lush, maroon carpet.
 Emerson, Ayn Rand, Shakespeare, and Tolstoy were all present.

 , layered in some sort of luxurious,, well-crafted, and consistently bright, white
-
A group of familiar faces was waiting for us in the largest living room I'd ever seen.
 It took me several seconds to match identities to the rain-soaked group staring at me with such hostility.
 Jasmin was standing in the center, and didn't even wait for me to get fully in the room before she started talking.
 "She goes back to Brandon tonight.
 It's a long shot, but it's better than nothing.
 She brought it on herself so there isn't any reason to cry over what might happen."
 Alec shook his head.
 "Unacceptable.
 She wasn't properly his.
 There was no bond of Ja'tell, and consequently we have no obligation to return her to him."

 before we had even gotten into the living room. Alec laughed. "Why I ask?"
-
“Twice you have looked upon me and lived.
 No more.”
 Dieredon twirled his bow, his face calm and emotionless.
 “Too many have died at your hand.
 What life you have ends tonight.”
 Velixar roared, a sound that made Qurrah shiver and avert his eyes.
 His master’s back was to him, so he could not see the face that Dieredon saw, which was full of rotted skin and crawling, feasting things.
 Suddenly Dieredon pulled back.
 The blades in his bow snapped inward.
 “Arrows cannot hurt me,” Velixar mocked.

 really tell me! Velixar leapt and ran, thrust pin into different places, reaching for a
-
What about me?"
 Jasmin stopped moving.
 She was still shaking, and when she looked up at me, her eyes still bubbled with hate, but they were human again instead of the pale, ice blue from a moment before.
 With a visible effort of will, Jasmin closed her eyes, calmed her shaking body, and then turned and quickly walked out of the room.
 I was just tall enough to see over Rachel and take in what was going on in the rest of the room.
 James' eyes were still yellow, and he was still inching his way towards me, obviously undeterred by Jasmin's defection.
 The Hispanic girl carefully closed the distance between them, and then placed her slender, perfect dark hand on James' arm once again as she leaned in and whispered something in his ear.
 For a moment it seemed he was going to shake her off again but then he shuddered, shot Alec another dirty look, and stormed out of the room.
 The tiny form following after him looked like a fragile schooner trailing along the edge of a hurricane.
 The room seemed so calm after James disappeared that for a second I forgot Jessica was still half-crouched in the center of the room.

 a nice little backpack in her hand O'J was now standing alone, despite his unruly fit.
-
I waited impatiently for her to raise her head again and hoped whatever it was wasn’t permanent.
 She finally glanced up at me, smiling an easy smile.
 I looked nervously at my wrist.
 It was magnificent.
 A simple outline of a bird with outstretched wings marked the delicate skin at the base of my palm.
 Unbelievably tiny runes surrounded the bottom of its wings, making a pattern appear.
 I smiled as I praised her.
 “It’s beautiful.” One eyebrow shot up and she jumped from the bed, grabbing my wrist and pulling me with her.
 I hoped she hadn’t smudged the design.
 I checked it as soon as she stopped in front of her mirror and let my arm go.

 start of her hair were darker than the darkness of her bedroom floor. The knitted sweater
-
I just wanted to keep balling this chick, right?
 She was blond and willowy and looked like a pixie and I just couldn’t get enough of her.
 Some of my roadies, and Pete, man, God bless him, he was like ‘Buddy, drop this chick, she’s trouble, man.’  He was thinking of Lor.
 So, anyway, this beautiful woman followed me from city to city—she was a gypsy—and she dressed like a gypsy—I can’t tell you her name cuz you’d know it, man.
 Her heart is a legend.
 But, I didn’t know who she was until I was inside her and she was moving like God’s immaculate machine.
 Damn, she could ball.
 And, I was, I thought, in love, for only the really second time in my life.
 I wasn’t thinking, like, I gotta leave Lor, it’s gonna be painful, I want to be with this woman, this white light.
 I wasn’t thinking, period.

 it should be that Lor would always remain with me, dyed with her hope and spirit.
-
“We are not thieves, Ahrqur Tun’del,” Qurrah said.
 “We are assassins.” The whip writhed around his arm, begging for use.
 “Arrogant ones at that,” said the elf.
 “Such a claim is foolish.
 If you were assassins, you would strike without chatter.
 You are nothing but pretenders.”
 Harruq clanged his swords together, showering the ground with sparks.
 His armor shimmered as his anger grew.
 “Pretenders with wonderful toys,” the elf continued, eyeing Harruq’s blades.
 “Toys I will take from your dead bodies.”

 and pulled him to her feet with a fierce tug of his arms. “Kill him, Assan
-
"Open it and see."
 She took it, glancing at his face as she raised the lid.
 The sapphire immediately caught the light, and she gasped.
 "This is beautiful!"
 He reached out to take her hand.
 "Marie, will you marry me?"
 She gazed at him for a moment before crying, "Yes!"
 and throwing her arms around his neck.
 Gently disengaging her arms, he took the ring from the box and slid it onto her finger.
 "I love you, Marie."

 immediately nosed the jewel box. He looked at her with an assessing look, before relaxing in the
-
The corpse.
 “It’s done.” I stood staring at the crumpled mass as the others gathered, arguing.
 A council member.
 “It’s time to move,” someone said.
 Came for me.
 “No, not yet.” Someone else.
 They killed him.
 And I was glad.
 “There could be more,” Grey insisted.
 That brought me back, no matter how disturbing my realization was.

 Dead.” Grey insisted. He could call it the Spell-A-Hight, but
-
“May Celestia watch over you,” she said as he left.
 “And she over you,” Dieredon replied.
 Then he was gone, through the forest and back into town.
 There he bought a sturdy horse and began his long ride south to the Quellan forest.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “It is a beautiful blade,” Harruq said, examining the elven weapon that had belonged to Ahrqur.
 They were killing the final hour before dark.
 Then they would hoist the wrapped body onto Harruq’s shoulder and sneak out of town.
 Qurrah sat meditating in a corner while Harruq yammered to himself.

 hur. “It is a beautiful blade,” Harruq yelled. Ahrqur won cut
-
Donovan looked up as we entered the suite.
 "I trust your mother was well, sir?"
 Alec nodded, a short choppy motion that eloquently conveyed his desire not to discuss the matter.
 He turned towards me, only to break off as a cell phone rang.
 "It's for you, probably your mom.
 Pretend you're home, I'll explain once you're finished."
 I almost dropped the phone, and probably wouldn't have managed to figure out how to answer the call in time if he hadn't reached over and pushed the green button for me.
 "Hello?"
 "Adri, honey, are you sure this is a good idea?
 I haven't gotten on the charter plane yet, there's still time to call this off if you're uneasy about being alone for so long."

 confidence and I turned to tell Alec I had been calm on the appointed time. "Hmm,
-
His expression seemed to say he was glad to see me, embarrassed to be the center of attention, and sorry he couldn't get away from his friends to come over and say hi.
 I felt my face go hot with embarrassment.
 I tried to step behind a pillar before he saw me go bright red, but knew I hadn't succeeded.
 I bit my lip as I realized how spastic I was being.
 I'd spent the last sixteen-plus years suppressing my natural tendency to form crushes on one cute boy after another.
 I'd nearly perfected the art of exhibiting zero interest in the opposite sex.
 The whole point of my existence had been avoiding the kinds of things that'd result in everyone laughing at me.
 Why was I setting my sights on a boy who was so far out of my league?
 Even if there'd been a chance he might like me, I had absolutely no idea how to proceed.
 Given the option, I would've just hid behind the pillar until everyone left for class, but Britney had made her decision, and was paying for her food.

 by herself gave me the chance to enjoy myself to a ridiculous degree. I should've been efficient
-
Johnny – She’s gotten good.
 Lot of fun to play with now.
 Jim – Why don’t you ever play with me?
 Liz – Because I hate watching you whimper and cry every time your fragile ego is crushed.
 Jim – I don’t cry.
 Eugene – You do.
 Jim – Well alright, maybe a little.
 Johnny – Last time it happened, you burst into tears and ran from the room.
 Jim – No I didn’t!
 Johnny – No you didn’t, but it sure was fun to say.

 Jim – Ok, okay, we’ll go play with? Liz – Oh and she
-
I woke gasping from another dream of my mother and destruction.
 The rain had stopped, and the sun was rising, so I wiped the sweat from my brow and went to the hall pitcher to splash my face.
 The dark roots of my hair were stark in the mirror’s reflection, and I recalled the dream.
 The memories of my mother were fuzzy, but I’d always thought she’d had light hair, beautiful and golden like Junnie’s.
 In the dreams, it was black… as black as the roots of my hair were now.
 I stood there for a long moment, staring at the darkness, and then spun as I made another stupid, rash decision.
 Slinking past Fannie’s room, I headed for her makeshift vault.
 She kept all the things I wasn’t allowed to touch in that room; it was supposed to be off limits.
 Not that I’d bothered trying much, because there was a large flat stone—covering where it hid in the floor—that I’d never been able to move.
 But that was before.

 realized what I was doing to Mom, I was around 10 years old. I was three years old
-
They’d be worth a fortune now to another collector.
 Liz – I doubt it, you were the only person I’ve ever met who read that comic and actually kept reading it.
 (Eugene enters quietly and sneaks up on the couple)
 Jim – Hey, Sumo Assassin has a large and loyal fan base!
 Liz – Only, if you mean that the people who read it are all fat kids.
 Eugene – (Yells) SEE!
 I told you that that comic was stupid!
 See Liz agrees with me!
 (does a victory dance) I’m right and you’re wrong!
 Once again evil triumphs!

 Jim – Coffee from Liz – Melinda and Eugene – (2,600 calories still) They
-
What do you think Johnny?
 Johnny – I choose C.
 Eugene – And what is C?
 Johnny – If I’m going to be given that much control over my own destiny I’m going to do it right.
 To be born into a family that isn’t crazy.
 Eugene – I would settle for C.
 Jim – Who wouldn’t, but it’s not one of the choices.
 Which side do you lean to then Gene?
 To be or not to be?
 Johnny – What a stupid way to pose the question.

 Gene – Now just lift the Americans. And vote them the right thing to do as Don did
-
When I finally walked into the library, I remembered why I didn’t go there to study lineages.
 There must have been a thousand volumes and tenfold more scrolls in the main level alone.
 And I had no magic to lead me in the right direction.
 I went to the section which would most likely house the desired information, and then closed my eyes and concentrated.
 Maybe it wouldn’t work, but I could try.
 I wasn’t sure I felt anything, but after a few minutes I imagined my right hand might have tingled a little.
 I grabbed a close volume and leafed through it.
 It was a legacy of the Viridian Forest clan.
 I pulled another volume down.
 A diary of Momar the Ancient.

 , and external tales from the next generations. I looked over at the volumes, noticing that they most
-
It held a tone that let everyone simply know that a decision has been made.
 Imeralda seemed glued to the books, but Doi’van and Rodregas went to work on cleaning up the rest of the barn.
 They would not be able to do much more without getting some timber.
 They all worked or read until it was too dark and than they fell asleep quickly.
 The next morning, after they had finished Morning Prayer, Rodregas said, “Alright, are you two ready for a little fighting practice?” At their nod he added, “It is always good to start with the basics.
 I thought we would go over some fighting forms.
 Are you two familiar with learning forms, also known as Kata?” he asked.
 He was expecting Imeralda to shake her head but was a little surprised that Doi’van did as well.
 He clearly knew how to fight.
 Rodregas started to explain, “Forms are a series of motions that mock fighting, but also give you an opportunity to work on balance and to visualize and understand your actions and responses to different fighting situations.

 we would want to play with a lot of styles of fighting. We want to play with levels of
-
“Elves,” the man in black said.
 “And I know who leads them.
 Prepare yourself, my disciple.
 I have erred, and now we pay the price.”
 Qurrah nodded, then closed his eyes and rehearsed the spells he knew.
 They were weak compared to his master’s but they would claim a few lives.
 His whip curled around his arm, ready for more bloodshed.
 The white dots in the distance grew at a frightening rate.
 “Such speed,” Qurrah said.
 “How?”

 , and mental patterns were unraveling. His rhythms had ceased to follow for ten minutes had he
-
Van’dret whispered, “Please, I am bleeding.
 I need to see a healer.” Rodregas stared at the sorcerer in disbelief.
 He suffered a few minor injuries and he expected they would just go get him a healer?
 The man killed people to steal their bodies and power.
 How could he think they would respond to such a request?
 “Please hurry, I need a healer now,” Van’dret demanded.
 “We will get you a healer as soon as you finish answering our questions,” said Doi’van, his voice more growl than speech.
 “First tell us who among the Immortalists are trying to break ‘The One Law’ and why,” “I can’t,” Van’dret whimpered.
 “I mean I don’t know anything about Immortalists breaking ‘The One Law.’” He suddenly groaned and would have doubled up if Doi’van had not been sitting on his chest.
 Imeralda smiled.

 Looking at Van’dret, Rodregas muttered, “Thou art mistress Raidy.
-
“Yup.” “Dinner’s ready in a few minutes, Jazell!” My Mom called as I climbed the stairs, eager to collapse on my bed for a few minutes.
 “Got it!” I called back.
 My room was painted a light green, with a bed shoved in the corner and a bookshelf overflowing with books.
 I had a small desk to the left of my bed that was piled up high with homework and random drawings.
 I threw my bag on my bed and took off my shoes.
 Then I headed back down stairs to help set the table.
 My Mom handed me some dishes and utensils.
 I set a plate down in front of my Dad.
 He frowned and pointed to my scratched shin.
 “What happened?” He asked, and studied my leg.

 ed on this to a malfunction on my wireless internet connection that was communicating successfully to my mother. I
-
The bigger boys laughed.
 A street of gravel with ditches for drainage: Eighth Street.
 And a cocker spaniel bitch named Cyrano.
 Born with eyes the color of the sea, green and mud, a dull roiling behind a semitranslucent screen.
 Born in a matter of minutes, so fast the nurses were dubious, the doctor almost late.
 The town was Lewiston, New York, a carbuncle on the gritty side of gritty Niagara Falls, New York, the former honeymoon capital of the United States, a country which, like Niagara Falls in microcosm, had lately fallen into disrepair.
 Now, Niagara Falls, Ontario, just over the national border, where my mother's incredibly large family hailed from, was bright and brisk and clean and gardeny, the shiny flipside of its American counterpart.
 I’ve seen the great falls frozen; I’ve seen it turned off as if there were a giant tap.
 I’ve stood on a rocking boat deck beneath its monstrous incontestableness.
 Where I was born is a grey little town, a pustule on the side of grey little Niagara New York.

 a little town is raised in, and each generation is born in, is the pustule
-
He stood, whirling to face me, bloody blade held out.
 I had to stifle another laugh.
 I managed to keep my reaction calm, only a smile.
 He seemed disoriented for a moment and then his breathing slowed and his arms relaxed.
 He stared at me as if I were a delusion, a dream looking back at him.
 He was speechless and it occurred to me that perhaps elves were not a part of this human’s knowledge.
 I wondered if he would recover soon.
 I considered abandoning him and returning to watch the others, but his face was so interesting, the emotions so plain and readable there.
 But he wasn’t afraid.
 It was awe.

 looked up, his face so magnificently beautiful, what was it that truly made him? Who was
-
I can’t tell you how much I owe that girl.” Toni teaches nursing at Cuesta College.
 She knows most everything about nutrition and raising kids.
 Before Cliff and I go out to slug golf balls into the trees, Toni and I talk in the kitchen.
 After a wandering conversation about food, kids and baseball somehow leads to spiritual matters, Toni mentions that she has always supposed people turn to God for comfort.
 What I don’t know about people in general could probably fill all the world’s libraries.
 But I can offer that I have turned to God at various times for a variety of reasons.
 In hopes of gaining understanding.
 To lessen my likelihood of hurting people.
 Out of fear.
 On account of worries about my kids.

 . Out of anxiety or fear about my schedule. Because I am terrified? Because I am fear will
-
He was the only one left.
 Qurrah watched Dieredon’s approach with a gnawing fear in his chest.
 It seemed no hand could touch this one, the horse possessing dexterity beyond what any creature that size should have.
 Velixar showed no sign of being aware of their approach.
 His eyes had rolled back into his head as he controlled the multitude of magical hands.
 “Be gone,” Qurrah said, firing several pieces of bone.
 All pieces missed.
 He tried to cast another hemorrhage spell but the words felt heavy and drunk on his tongue.
 His mind ached, his chest heaved, and when the spell finished it created nothing but a wound the size of an arrowhead in the side of Sonowin.
 “Master, defend yourself!” Qurrah shouted as loud as he could.

 had at first looked just a scroll appeared. What looked was a lucid message: marriage,
-
“So how did it go?” He relaxed a little but his mood didn’t rise in the least.
 “We shall see.” “Indeed,” she purred.
 “Indeed.” He didn’t look back at me as he left the room, simply directing Ruby to take me with her when she’d finished.
 She seemed more than happy to comply and I was in no doubt we would be training again.
 I slid the hawk sculpture into my pocket.
 She hummed as she gathered, throwing a cloak at me in the process.
 I tied it on and drew the hood up.
 “Want me to carry anything?” She eyed me as if I was entirely absurd.
 “Well, if you would like to, I can find something for you.” I glared at her back and she turned to grab my arm beneath the cloak, yanking me behind her as we left the house through her closet.
 She replaced the cover that hid the entrance and snatched a quiver of arrows from the ground before pulling me forward again.

 noticed the shape of eyes on the stairs coming from the island as we entered before I could ask Ruby
-
Character 1- Some other Country in Europe maybe?
 Doctor – I was born and raised in Chicago.
 Character 1-  Then why are you speaking with a German accent?
 Doctor –(drops the German accent) Because you people expect a psychiatrist to speak this way dammit!
 Why can’t you accept me for me?
 (leaps from the chair and runs offstage while bawling)
 Character 1- (Shrugs his shoulders) After I found out that dad was really a convict, I found myself wanting to know more about him, so I started spending time near the local jails….
 (hears character 2 approaching and leaps behind the couch)
 Character 2- (enters the stage) Ok, where are you?
 Are you quite proud of yourself?

 ? Are you a big successful lawyer? Doctor – (Harsh his shoulders) Wait
-
"It was a bit at first, especially right after Alec first started manifesting.
 Okay, maybe I was crazy jealous then, and again a couple of years later when it became apparent I wasn't going to manifest anything, but I got over it."
 My raised eyebrow was completely involuntary, and apparently more eloquent than I'd realized.
 At least it earned me another laugh.
 "It wasn't like it was easy or anything, but Donovan gave me some good advice when things were the worst.
 I don't remember his exact words, but essentially it came down to the fact that there'll always be people who're better than me at something.
 Even gaining super powers wouldn't change that.
 What's important is that I do the best I can with what I've been given.
 As crazy as it sounds, Alec's pack needs me."
 I mentally reached around for something similar and then finally nodded.

 What is possible? "I think you can do something else."<eop><eod> He smiled,
-
Jim – Of course I do.
 I think most women probably want to be more like you.
 Liz – (Kisses Jim) Thank you.
 Jim – I just call them as I see them.
 Liz – Well I’m going to go check to see how Art is doing with the turkey.
 Jim – You do that, I’ll start looking for the number that pizza parlor uptown.
 (Liz exits the stage)
 Jim – (To himself out loud) Well, at least I caught it on the first bounce, I could have gotten into much trouble had I missed a chance to drop a complement.
 (Jim walks over to the couch and sits down, taking out a new addition of S-A and starts to read it, momentarily both Eugene and Johnny enter)
 Eugene – Ok, this time I’m going to crush you!

 – ( Tiger Joseph Poetry Quartet) Dr. Joseph - Snaleing her hand out
-
We slid through the trees as quietly as we could.
 I kept my eye on the faery men, waiting for one of them to turn around and notice us hiding in the trees.
 I ducked behind a tree and looked over just in time to see Emily trip and fall out of her bush.
 The faery and dwarves looked at her in surprise.
 I guess they’ve never seen a teenage half-ling girl fall out of a bush before.
 “Am I interrupting something?” Emily asked with a gulp.
 The faery men drew their double swords and charged at her.
 I released an arrow and it buried itself in one of their necks.
 It fell backward and they turned to my hiding spot, searching for me.
 Two knives flew and a dwarf and man collapsed on the ground.

 appeared behind me.<eop><eod> It had been a bit of a wait in the forest. Emily
-
“Sergeant," said the other guard.
 "If we don’t hurry them, we will feel the master's wrath when we get to the top.” Rodregas grunted in agreement, “I will double your ration of food tonight and it will be fresh if you move a little faster," he said to the prisoners.
 With that hope dangling before them, both prisoners climbed faster up the stairs.
 Rodregas thought the other guard was going to laugh out loud at his comment.
 As a senior guard familiar with the impending ceremony, the fellow damned well knew that neither prisoner would be worrying about food within the hour.
 Rodregas groaned to himself as the group picked up the pace on the tower steps.
 Over the last few years, his right knee acted up whenever he mounted stairs.
 That, of course, was just one of many complaints advanced years bestowed upon him.
 How ironic that the young prisoners were on their way to die, when old useless men like him, and scumbag fellow guards, continued to live.
 He suppressed a shiver of excitement at the notion that this time will be different.

 to love the forests. Why? So many sad stories have been told about what happened here. Unfortunately
-
Memphis hasn’t been given enough credit for its 60s influence, man, you know.
 I mean, the soul stuff, yeah, Sun and Stax.
 Great, great things there, but there was also this underground thing going on.
 With Mudboy and The Neutrons and Alex and The Manor and The Bitter Lemon.
 There was a scene.
 And, of course, we were too young, but we managed to hang out on the fringes for a while, until we became accepted, through the music, through the music.
 And about the time I would have graduated from high school we got the chance to make that album, what we thought was our big break, our rocket to stardom.
 So, while my girlfriend and my friends and ex-friends were preparing for baccalaureate, we were rehearsing songs in that old gas station for Turntable Poison.
 It was a heady time.
 CM:  	You had a girlfriend at that time?

 sitcom, Yes! I laugh! That was what we were the most excited about at that time,
-
[decoration](chapter.png)
 “Did you practice the spells I taught you?” Velixar asked as Qurrah took his seat by the fire.
 “Yes,” Qurrah said.
 “I am more than pleased with them.”
 “You will need to keep a fresh supply of bones with you,” Velixar said, reaching into his pouch.
 “Take these for now until you can obtain more.”
 Qurrah accepted the bones, stashing them into a small pocket he had sewn onto his robe.
 A silence fell over the two as far away a wolf howled.
 “I wonder,” Velixar said, gazing in the direction of the howl.
 “Do you have a brother?”

 remembered his father’s ashes from his burial rituals in Westminster Abbey. “I don’t care
-
I haven’t come out yet.
 In a way, we are still in that first fuck, that first joining.
 Lorelei was my salvation.
 All that stuff about me going awry is such bullshit, if you could see it the way I see it.
 So much nasty stuff has been written and said about Lor—Crafty, shit I can’t forgive him—and she’s handled it all with such grace.
 But, in a very profound way, I am still inside her.
 My dick, my soul.
 I don’t know.
 Maybe we should erase all this.
 What do you think?

 we could erase all this?<eop> Yes, but how does it feel? How do it feel?
-
I shrugged.
 "Yeah, but once you've had some paying photography jobs it's sure to help land others.
 It isn't your ideal kind of work, but it's still a good start, and you never know where it might lead."
 "I can't leave you here alone.
 Not only that, I've still got the brochure to do."
 Obviously I was going to have to work harder.
 "Mom, I'll be fine.
 Just think of it as an extended hike.
 You'll even have cell phone coverage, so you can check in with me as often as you want."
 At least I hoped we'd be able to arrange that somehow.

 ," my mother whispered. "This is going to be troublesome, but you should have a
-
I think we need something a little less fattening tonight.
 Why don't I barbecue some chicken?"
 She wrapped potatoes and put them in the oven while he got the grill going.
 "Do you barbecue in 1927?"
 "My family doesn't.
 Other people do."
 "Really?
 What do you do at all those garden parties?"
 He laid the chicken on the grill.
 "Gossip and eat little sandwiches and sip tea."

 """"We haven't eaten yourself.""""You don't know
-
But I am no prude, and we had our share of parties and events in Tahoe and at the waterbed store.
 When you put a bunch of twenty year olds and their friends in a retail store that has working hot tubs and waterbeds, things can quickly spiral out of control.
 We had no window coverings and our parties were in plain view of anyone who put their nose against the windows.
 It was a voyeurs’ paradise and I am sure we entertained a lot of shocked window shoppers late into the night!
 Pete proved to be a bad choice of a business partner, as his use of cocaine escalated to the point of total addiction.
 In less than a year he would snort everything he could get his hands on.
 He was stealing money from the checking account and drop-shipping inventory from our business directly to drug dealers to feed his habit.
 My own brother Thomas was one of the many drug dealers receiving this merchandise for pennies on the dollar in exchange for cocaine and marijuana.
 This would be one of the many actions that would drive a wedge between Thomas and me as drugs and money started to always come before family.
 It hurt me deeply to contemplate Thomas’s complete disregard for our relationship as brothers and his choice to take this merchandise from my addicted partner while knowing full well that it would financially destroy my business and thus me.

 I have done my full job on behalf of the community of Wilson, and helping the community of Linda
-
(Art Returns)
 Art – Eugene…
 Jim – Who was on the phone.
 Art – It was the fire department…
 Liz – What do they want on Thanksgiving?
 Is it a fundraiser?
 Art – Eugene, your house is on fire.
 Eugene – It doesn’t seem to be on fire to me.
 Cleo – Oh dear.
 Art - No, your father’s house.

 He turned around, bowed his head and breathed deeply. "Oh God. Crap, shit
-
He was sickly, late to every family event and completely high when and if he showed up.
 He was a constant embarrassment at large family gatherings as he was the last to show and the first to go.
 When our Chevelle was ready for its maiden voyage, he was a no show.
 I delayed starting the car for hours, expecting he might be late, but he never showed.
 That car started for the first time since I had taught the boys to drive, and Brandon missed this moment because drugs were now more important to him than anything or anybody.
 I looked at photos of Brandon growing up and wondered if I would view them in a slideshow at his funeral.
 My marriage suffered because Lisa defended Brandon vehemently; I completely understood, because I had grown up with a similar scenario: my mother’s unwillingness to see Thomas’s problem.
 My wife and I had many confrontations, and while we both knew he had a problem we disagreed on the severity and the solution.
 Soon, Brandon moved in with his girlfriend, Tiffanie, and she was as strung out as he was.
 When they were together, they looked like two skeletons embracing.

 out the door to her landlord and pregnancy complaining about Brandon’s untold length of time in
-
Even my being next couldn't stop a flash of satisfaction at the way Britney was finally having to face some of the consequences of her actions.
 Mrs. Campbell dismissed her with a wave, waiting until she'd left, shutting the door with a tad more force than strictly necessary.
 "While I can't for a moment understand why you've chosen to befriend Britney, I can't fault you on your willingness to help her despite her flaws."
 I should have been overjoyed I wasn't in trouble.
 Instead I felt guilty for being given far more credit than I deserved.
 I opened my mouth to object, but was waved back into silence.
 "Obviously I don't want you to make disrupting my class a habit, but that isn't why I wanted to talk to you.
 Your studies are coming along nicely, and I've heard quite a few good things about you from other sources, so I'd like to offer you a job."
 Now that I had a chance to talk, I wasn't sure what to say.
 Nobody had ever wanted to hire me.

 the job, I'd gone places that looked like hell. "No," I grit
-
Grumbling, I swatted the horse away and ran my hand over my face, sure it was mottled with bruises and scratch marks.
 “Drink this.” Chevelle offered me a hide flagon and I took it, swallowing a mouthful before the taste hit me.
 “Gah, that tastes like cat pee smells.” Chevelle chuckled.
 “It will help with the healing.” Why bother?
 I wondered.
 It would be another day of bombardment with mountain fixtures… maybe whole trees this time.
 My face pinched with annoyance and Chevelle threw me a piece of dried meat, barely holding back a smile as he jumped on his horse.
 “You’d better get started,” he said, “it’s going to be a long walk.” As he kicked his heels, I spun toward the corner where my horse had been.
 He was galloping up the mountain now, just over a hundred yards away.
 I tried to think quickly, to keep the anger from slowing my response.

 ,, I thought; my horse came to an abrupt halt, abruptly- not long after coming out
-
Liz – That sounds great, the place on corner of 7th and Dune is really good.
 Jim – I’ve heard that, I’ve just been too lazy to go and see for sure.
 Liz – Try the donuts.
 Jim – Are they really that good?
 You tell me that every time you go there.
 Liz – They’ve got the best donuts anywhere.
 Jim – A challenge that must be met.
 I shall eat a donut from this restaurant, and shall judge them.
 Liz – You will eat many of their donuts, and you will go home stuffed.
 We need to stop, this is making me hungrier.

 can stop, I need to stop, and make myself wine.<eop> The friends leave and we
-
Greg:  I don’t really want to talk about it.
 Cindy:  What happened?
 Greg: I was hit by a bus.
 Cindy: you look like it.
 Greg:  Well it dragged me along behind it for a while.
 Cindy: ouch.
 Greg:  I really don’t want to go into work today, wish I could skip.
 Cindy:  I’ll bet, have you gone to see a doctor yet?
 Greg:  that’s a shame, what do you do?
 Cindy:  Hmmm?

 : Uhm sorry. I’ll drive you along and you can watch me walk by just
-
Van’dret nodded, that was one of his main responsibilities, but it could not be why he had been invited up to Taiga’s solar.
 “I would encourage you to be careful on your trip over.
 You did hear about what happened to Ravenhurr?” asked Taiga.
 Van’dret almost felt his eye brows rise, “of course, but what should I watch out for?
 I heard it was just some sort of accident.
 I was not aware that any of the Knights of the Order were implicated.” Taiga smiled and waved a hand in a dismissing motion.
 “Oh, don’t misjudge my words.
 I did not mean to imply any misdeeds of our valiant Knights of the Soaring Heavens.
 I am not aware of any of them doing much of anything, much less kill an Immortalist.” “Than what should I keep my eye out for?” asked Van’dret.
 He was becoming even more curious to the direction of the conversation.

 the exile left the Solars as a simple cub, Van’dret better have his heart
-
Jim – I don’t think he does know.
 Be specific for Gene.
 Johnny – Ladies breasts.
 Eugene – Ohhh, I get it now.
 Johnny – Took long enough.
 Jim – Well what do you want to talk about breasts for?
 Johnny – I like them.
 Jim – Is that all you have to say?
 Johnny – No.
 Not really.

 – Hot tits. Gene – Yours. Eugene – Y if they could call
-
Art – That boy could make a fantastic actor one day.
 If he doesn’t wind up in prison.
 Or dead.
 Jim – I think God likes him.
 Which ever God is out there.
 That God likes Eugene.
 Art – At that I can only wonder why.
 Jim – I think it’s because Gene just doesn’t give up.
 Either that or he just keeps God amused with his foolishness.
 Art – Jim, that’s not true.

 Both those changes. Jim – Gene changed his church. Jim – Gene wants the change done
-
Jim – I’ve heard that, I’ve just been too lazy to go and see for sure.
 Liz – Try the donuts.
 Jim – Are they really that good?
 You tell me that every time you go there.
 Liz – They’ve got the best donuts anywhere.
 Jim – A challenge that must be met.
 I shall eat a donut from this restaurant, and shall judge them.
 Liz – You will eat many of their donuts, and you will go home stuffed.
 We need to stop, this is making me hungrier.
 Jim – (as they head off stage) Would you care to join me in the partaking of the last meal?

 – There is a last meal. They go off stage smoking and drinking and eating and smoking and
-
Who else was bound?
 She could see I was prepared to argue.
 “It isn’t safe.” “And if it doesn’t work?” She didn’t answer.
 I remembered the story of her father then, how he’d been released after the fairy’s death.
 I faced Chevelle.
 “If the council member who bound me dies, then will I be released?” He plainly regretted what he’d divulged that morning, but something else rested just below his reluctance.
 Something hopeful.
 Something that burned beneath my skin.
 He answered, “Yes.” “Then we kill them.” And if we don’t know which ones?
 “We kill them all.” I glanced around the clearing as the others watched me.

 hopeful. Jack followed me into the temple, with Chevelle smiling in triumph. He lived in other
-
“I will be here,” he said.
 “And I will be ready.”
 “Go.” Velixar waved his hand, and Qurrah obeyed.
 Harruq was still snoring when Qurrah returned to bed.
 If he had not been so preoccupied, he would have noticed the slight irregularity of the snoring and the exaggerated movements of his brother’s chest.
 * Chapter 4 Chapter 4{{{1 4
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Harruq hurried down the road, doing his best to pretend he knew what he was doing.
 Most of his bruises had already faded, hidden beneath the gray hue of his skin.

 minority of bruises had still remained behind his ears and neck, though they were treated with another bandage
-
And the look on her face (laughs) well, let’s just say, it was obvious that it was not what she expected.
 But, she liked it.
 And, so we continued our experiments.
 Now, how this impacted my music, which was also coming, so to speak, is, on the simplest level, obvious.
 I wrote a sex song right away, of course.
 Uh, “Fountain for my First Love.”  Ugh.
 Bad song with some good stuff in it.
 And then, on a deeper level, I think I began to understand the whole underpinnings of the music that held me in thrall—you know, the whole name—rock and roll—is sexual.
 And, of course, all the blues stuff from which rock sprang.
 It’s all sex, right?

 like to have that sex stuff in your mouth? That heart out, you know. That sweet time
-
Slowly, and with a few wide curves through the carnage, he found a way out.
 He huddled the black robes tighter about his thin body, relishing the soft feel and perfect fit.
 Smoke clogged his lungs, but the stinking waves of it were lessening the farther he walked.
 “Where are you, brother?” Qurrah asked once he could breathe freely.
 In the dark before the dawn, it seemed he would receive no answer.
 At last, he could travel no more.
 He had no food, no destination, and no company.
 His limbs were weak and his head throbbed.
 To his knees he slumped, and he let time pass and his strength return, while his mind rummaged for ideas of how to proceed.
 !

 .!!!!!!!!!!
-
I told her I had been given many medications, but I needed to be able to work my job so couldn’t take most of them.
 “I am a Financial Planner and I can’t afford to be loopy,” I said.
 “What kinds of stuff do they give you?” She pooched out her lower lip and tried to look more sad than excited.
 The conversation was headed quickly in the direction I had planned.
 I told her they had given me Vicodin, Darvocet and Oxycodone, which I definitely couldn’t tolerate.
 She was quickly moving towards the hook in this trap.
 “What do you do with the drugs if you don’t take them?” “I’ve probably got one hundred Oxycodone pills in my safe at home with as many refills as I want, but I won’t be using them,” I said.
 “I’ll take them if you don’t want them.” Fish on!
 “I’ll bet you would, I had a friend who sold his for a lot of money to a coworker,” I said.
 I still had my pants on when she offered to buy the Oxy.

 I didn’t want them, but I had a friend who sold his for a lot of money
-
I thought, perhaps, my head would explode.
 I didn’t understand.
 In my reptile brain I have also the memory of my friend Ricky Adams’ big brother having “folk” albums, some by a handsome, young, angular-faced singer named Bob Dylan, whose songs were meant as social anthems, wrong-righters.
 I didn’t know what to make of these threnodies.
 They were so stark, so naked.
 It was just a man’s voice, crying in the wilderness.
 This must have been shit, what?
 1962?
 Earlier?
 I can’t do a timeline, man, not even of my own life—some of it is such a blur.

 , teaching, doing all my coursework in Spanish (and English) not knowing I was doing
-
That judge is at least as crazy as Gene’s father.
 Besides I think that some money changed hands somewhere in there.
 Liz enters
 Jim – Possible, always possible.
 How was dinner going Liz?
 Liz – They’ll be ready in less than about an hour.
 So what are you two talking about?
 Jim & Johnny – Eugene.
 Liz – The legal problems?
 Johnny – What else.

 Everyone down – Going for a walk – Another minted side of the guy from the movie
-
She was betrothed to Davis.
 She couldn't kiss another man.
 Reluctantly she pulled away.
 "I guess we should finish washing your car."
 "OK."  His eyes focused on her lips.
 His tiny bit of contact with them had been electric.
 He suspected that if he persisted, he could break down her resistance, but he cared about her too much to do that.
 Marie couldn't stop thinking about Rick's kiss.
 It had been brief, but she could remember everything about it in vivid detail.
 She closed her eyes as she stood in the shower, reliving the moment.

 at the technique Marie was using. Rick had been kissing her almost every day. He would make happy
-
Can you talk a bit about that time?
 BG:  	First, as we’ve discussed, I don’t see that big a change between Memphis and L.A.
 I mean, geographically, yes, Big City vs. hometown, sure.
 But, as for my art, there’s a direct line from Turntable Poison to Rain and Other Distractions.
 There’s a road if you wanna delineate it.
 CM: 	Really?
 That’s what I want to hear about.
 Not just the line between the works but what was going on in your life.
 I mean, stylistically, you did go from blues/psychedelic rock, in the British invasion vein, to soft rock…
 BG: 	Fuck that distinction.

 Con store into our artists developmental stages? CM: Okay, another tortilla. I think sealing
-
I want to earn it."
 "And you will, young man."
 Marie knew that the stern look her father gave John was intended to mask the love and pride he felt.
 Her own heart tightened with love.
 She never would have dreamed that her disappearance would bring her family closer together.
 John and Mrs. Tranton went to get dressed, doing so in record time.
 The four were in the living room discussing a late August trip to Cape Cod when the doorbell rang.
 Marie's hands shook as she set her teacup aside.
 She rose just as Davis appeared in the living room.
 "Darling!"

 "And you can check dinner, Auntena."<eop> "Sure. I'll get
-
he called into the kitchen.
 Their cook hurried in with a basket of pastries, setting them in front of John, who was pouring himself a cup of coffee.
 "Want one?"
 he asked, pushing the basket toward Marie after helping himself to an apple danish.
 "No thanks."
 "Carolyn's coming to dinner tonight.”  She hadn’t been able to come the previous evening.
 "Good.
 I'm looking forward to seeing her again."
 "Do you remember her brother Matthew?"
 "Yes."

 he tucked it into a new morning towel, disappearing under the seat. """ she said
-
I had read everything I could obtain on the process during my pregnancy and imprisonment in the castle, even finding a few books and scrolls on humans.
 But nothing prepared me for what happened.
 I had been walking when the pain struck—pacing my room with worry, if I were truthful.
 It hit suddenly, a stabbing, ripping, horrible thing.
 My screams called everyone to order, but then it subsided.
 However, it was only long enough to catch my breath and then it was back tenfold.
 I writhed in agony.
 Nothing they did would help.
 I could not control my magic; it shattered most of the things on the nearby table and twice caught the bedding afire.
 The elders were frantic, which only frightened me more.

 surgery I also collapsed in agony. I had found no pills. Nothing to drink. Nothing to eat
-
I’d been staring right at him and had no idea where he’d gone.
 I was just beginning to doubt whether I’d seen him at all when I spotted him standing across the circle, grinning fiendishly while he dangled an object from his hands.
 It was the feather Ruby had tied in my hair.
 I’d forgotten about it.
 I reached up to feel for it and it was gone.
 I started to get irritated but then the feather was in my other hand and he was back, his hands now empty.
 And then, for no apparent reason but amusement, he did a few somersaults and landed in the center of the circle, smiling.
 I could only shake my head as Ruby clapped beside me, clearly thrilled with the show.
 I thought I must have missed something.
 Grey bowed out of the circle and was replaced by the two tall, silvery elves.

 ed While Grey Splayed Shoot Fire for the Angels down, you’d have thought Grey
-
It was cold.
 I sat stunned.
 Had they nothing to say?
 Had they actually not known?
 I wanted to scream, but the words wouldn’t come.
 I was too drained.
 And I was scared.
 I didn’t know what had happened, what was wrong with me, but I was certain whatever it was, Chevelle would take me straight back to the village.
 We stayed there for some time, a fact for which I was grateful.
 Even though whatever had happened seemed to have passed, neither man seemed in a hurry to go.

 me. Chevelle drove two home, even though I was nervous. He took the road for three
-
Mrs. Campbell obviously knew something was wrong, but as soon as class ended I dodged out of the room and headed towards the relative safety of the lunchroom.
 Britney's proclivity towards gossip was a complete godsend when you wanted to find out information about someone.
 "Jasmin?
 I don't know, people don't say very much about her.
 She's got an incredible temper though."
 "She's dating Alec right?"
 Britney nodded emphatically.
 "I've never seen them kiss or hold hands, but they've got to be.
 She's totally rebuffed everyone, and he's never evidenced even the slightest interest in any other girl.
 Plus, they're like the two hottest people in the entire school.

 I was talking about was Britney." How about that? "I thought she was tempted by
-
There was a long pause as her dreams warred with normal maternal instincts.
 I could hear a plane start up in the background by the time she finally responded.
 "Okay, honey.
 If you're sure, then we'll do it, but if anything comes up just call me.
 I'll keep my cell phone with me all the time, and I made them promise to fly me back no questions asked if it became necessary."
 I stifled a laugh at the idea of Mom making a twelve-hour flight back to the US because I stubbed my toe, and instead tried to interject even more sincerity into my voice.
 "I'll be fine, Mom.
 I even promise to stay out of trouble.
 Have a safe flight."
 I stared at the cell phone for several seconds before looking up at Alec, who was just putting a cell phone that could have been the twin to the one I was holding away.

 nearby drone began to drone, and we both heard the same thing clicking away. I asked if it
-
“Harruq, have you killed before?” she asked.
 The half-orc opened his mouth and then closed it.
 A boy’s face flashed before his eyes.
 _You’re an orc, aren’t you?_
 “Yes,” he said at last.
 “I’ve killed.”
 He eyed Aurelia, desperately wishing to know what she thought yet unable to figure out why he even cared.
 He thought he saw pity in her eyes, perhaps compassion.
 But there was a hardness there, a doubting that made him wonder just how much of him she truly knew.
 “Tell me of the first time,” she said.

 Yes?” he said, offering something to her. But she said no. She waited. Only to
-
Artlessness?
 Hm.
 I wouldn’t have used that word, but I like it.
 Yes, strip off the artifice, cut off the fat.
 Too many rock lyricists—you can think of them as well as I can, say, that guy with Procol Harum, or that Emerson Lake and Palmer shit, or some of Jim’s stuff, which, to be honest, I can’t stomach, all that lizard king shit—they’re purposely making with the lit-rock attitude, you know?
 They want you to study their lyrics.
 I mean, “An idiot reigns in the ancient trees of the night,” or whatever the hell he says.
 Shit.
 What I’m saying, in a song like “Love for Lorelei” or “The Golden Apples of the Song”—new stuff, you haven’t heard it yet-- is that, here are my words, man, here’s my life in words.
 What I’m saying is what I mean.

 s what I want to say, show the world the truth, make sure you get one of my
-
In 1927, women can go to speakeasies, but not respectable women."
 "We don't have speakeasies like those in the '20s, but if you want to, I'll take you dancing one night.
 To one of the wild places where the kids go if you like--and you'll still be considered respectable."
 They spent the next hour comparing their respective decades.
 She told him all about her favorite stars and pictures.
 She'd known one of the eight contestants in the first Miss America contest in 1921, and she'd followed the Scopes trial in 1925 with shocked fascination.
 He told her that all 50 states--"Fifty!"
 she exclaimed--had Miss America representatives in a contest that was televised every year, along with a Miss Universe contest, and that evolution was taught in most schools now, alongside creation in some parts of the country.
 She told him that she'd always wanted to see Josephine Baker's stage show and Louis Armstrong and his trumpet, and he told her that anyone truly talented and/or popular now eventually did a television special.
 She told him about the excitement over the discovery of King Tut's tomb in 1922, and as she was explaining how it had inspired the Egyptian motif of her dress, she glanced around and realized how out of style she was.

 was finally sick, and asked Ben to nurse her once a day...and then I had
-
I pulled another volume down.
 A diary of Momar the Ancient.
 I sighed.
 This was going to be like trapping a greased pixie.
 I sat for hours exploring the early texts, stories of the river clans and their battles with the Imps of Long Forgotten, firsthand accounts of the Trials of Istanna, and the long lineages of the eldest families.
 A whisper roused me from my studies and I realized it was late, so I decided to give up and start again the next day.
 Rising unsteadily, I heard the whisper again.
 But it wasn’t a whisper—it was the wind.
 I glanced backward.
 Paper fell to scatter on the floor.

 to try to shut my eyes. To flip open the scroll. What happened to it? How had
-
It would be a long while before he did.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The mood in Woodhaven grew somber as dark rumors spread.
 First came word that troops were on their way to enforce an edict evicting all elves from the city.
 The more this rumor spread, the more elves seemed to arrive.
 Elven men and women with camouflage and great longbows patrolled the city.
 Even more lingered in taverns and the homes of kin.
 Many humans left for the homes of family and friends, wanting no part of the coming conflict, while others spent hours whispering with the elf men in the bars.
 The tension grew.

 seemingly achieve it. But soon all and everyone of the rest of the city would be forced to flee
-
And I don’t think they’d understand our reason.
 I followed Emily down the stairs, in our pajamas, to the door.
 We were careful not to make a sound but I listened closely to the sound of her dad snoring.
 When the snore rang clearly through the house, I breathed a sigh of relief.
 We threw on our sneakers and snuck out the door.
 The summer night air was cool but a little sticky and clammy, making our bodies feel damp.
 I followed Emily down to the back of the garage, where we sat down and entered the monsters’ world.
 I pushed my green hair back and hid behind a tree beside Emily to watch the dwarfs.
 There must have been more than ten of them gathered together.
 They were parading around a blazing camp fire, mumbling and talking about things I couldn’t hear over the flames.

 the flames, I saw the deaths from steel and metal in the light of the blazing camp fire.
-
And there was my dad, looking cool, and blowing beautiful, liquid melodies out of that licorice stick.
 Sweet stuff.
 “Canadian Sunset,” “Old Brown Jug,” “St.
 Louis Blues,” “Blues for Allen Felix.”  It was a revelation.
 But, never to be repeated.
 I think I was about 6 at the time, but that hour in front of Dick Delisi and the Syncopators is as fresh in my mind as if it happened yesterday.
 Man, my dad.
 What could he have been?
 Given different times, a different circumstance.
 He said something odd to me one time, he said: “Bud, music is a bad demon to have.

 be an idiot about what I had listen to? Will you stand your ground?” That was the
-
He rolled his eyes and shifted his gaze back to the monsters.
 “Where are they going?” “Uh, we follow them,” I said.
 “I think.” “Yup, we just follow a bunch of monsters that would like to smash us to pulp and serve us for dinner,” Seth said and started to slide down the side of the hill.
 “Brilliant idea.” I followed him down, feeling the grass and dirt scrape the bottom of my leg.
 My pants started to scrunch up causing this slide to be very annoying.
 I decided to ignore it because I had my bow in my hands and had more important things to worry about.
 We crouched behind a rock and watched the group walk off.
 Seth started to stand up and signaled me to wait for him.
 He jumped over and ran out into the open.
 He leaned forward and narrowed his eyes, probably trying to see the disappearing bunch.

 pushes his head out of the way and poses.<eop> I don’t think that is what he
-
Going half a year without anyone to talk to because my mom was wrapped up with her art and everyone else in the town thought I was stuck-up would be more than I could take.
 The thought was enough to leave me speechless for the entire drive home.
 Brandon seemed content to leave me alone with my thoughts as he sped around the various turns at speeds that normally would've made me protest.
 As I went to leave the car, he grabbed me by my back pocket, which nearly made me shriek in surprise.
 "Hey, you know what you need to put all this in perspective?"
 "No, but then I think it's more than just a matter of my perspective being off."
 My fear of alienating him had almost vanished in the rush of indignation over how he'd grabbed me.
 I wanted to say something even more snarky, but there was just enough worry left to curb my tongue.
 Mostly.
 "You need to come to the party Friday night."

 remember seeing him stand in front of me that night, it just was cab time. Brandon was sitting
-
Obsidian buckles and clamps held the pieces together.
 The only color was a yellow scorpion emblazoned on the chest.
 “Why the scorpion?” he asked.
 “The orcs have forgotten Karak, whom they once served.
 They worship animals as their gods, believing they take strength from them.
 The warlord who wore that armor worshipped the scorpion.
 It is appropriate, for his opponent crushed him underneath his heel like one.”
 Harruq folded the armor as best he could and clutched it to his chest.
 “My thanks, master,” he said.
 “We do not deserve what you have given us.”

 k and an orc began to reason. What had happened to Karak as an orc and
-
She was such an innocent young woman and was, as he’d read, vibrant and fun-loving.
 Even her natural fear of having walked into the future was more often than not suppressed by her sense of adventure.
 He wanted to protect her, now and in the past.
 When he was sure she was asleep, he went to his own room and took out the pages he'd copied before his sister’s dance.
 Marie Tranton, born 1904 .
 .
 .
 It didn't tell the date of her death.
 That was odd--he was sure it had been in this section.
 His heart began racing as he scanned those pages.

 h. Dyff came back to Joel, it must put have been back inside the book in the
-
It wasn't like I'd imagined.
 His lips were warm, and they had the slightest hint of softness, but there was more urgency and fierceness to the kiss than expected.
 It wasn't as amazing as I'd fantasized, but I was still having a hard time thinking.
 I tried to pull back and catch my breath, but his arms had become steel cables that pulled me in tighter.
 Fear finally overcoming my desire not to look stupid.
 I started to push away from Brandon.
 My efforts seemed futile for several seconds, and then his right arm released me.
 He wasn't letting me go though, his right hand had just repositioned to my stomach while his left arm kept me pinned against him almost as tightly as both hands had just a second before.
 It should have been obvious what he had in mind, but it wasn't until his hand was under my shirt and moving upwards that my overloaded mind caught up with events.
 I tried to protest, tried harder to push myself away from him, but he just held onto me tighter than even before.

 and I fought back from the violent "we" he'd given me, he kept holding
-
I felt a shiver course through me at the thought of what Rachel was implying.
 Watching Jasmin twirl through moves that seemed to be a modification of East Coast Swing, it was hard to believe anyone so self-possessed could've had that kind of childhood.
 I thought about asking for more details, but it felt wrong, like reading someone else's e-mail.
 Besides, I was pretty sure Rachel would tell me it was Jasmin's story, and I'd just have to go to her with my questions.
 The music picked up slightly, and Jasmin and Alec sped up with it.
 They were moving so quickly now it almost seemed they were better than Isaac and Jessica.
 A quick visual search laid that question to rest though.
 I could just make out Isaac's towering form across the pavilion in the corner where they'd apparently gone to find room for some of their more impressive moves.
 It seemed amazing to me that they were willing to move so quickly around normal, uninformed humans, but apparently they figured professional dancers were at least as quick.
 I shook my head and turned back to Rachel, only to feel my throat constrict as I saw Britney.

 m talking to her, him speaking to her.<eop><eod> The music continued to build up to some
-
Imeralda smiled.
 She was poking his two wounds with her fingers.
 Strangely, his tone strengthened with the pain.
 Rodregas had been getting the idea that it had been a long time since Van’dret had faced any uncomfortable physical injury, a very, very, long time.
 But his chin came up and his body tried to straighten as he said, “I am an Ambassador for the Immortalist Guild, a friend to the Guild Dealer Taiga himself.
 How dare you?” Then he said a single word and from his mouth poured a huge wind, Doi’van flayed around trying to hold on to Van’dret, but he lost his grip and hit the ceiling hard.
 Rodregas crunched the fingers he was holding and heard them snap, even as he was being pushed away.
 With the snapping of the fingers the wind stopped.
 Rodregas then dropped the hand, grabbed Van’dret’s head and twisted.
 He remembered that day in Raven Tower when he had snapped Korin’s neck and his arms bunched up, his muscles rippling with the strain.

 agined the moment he had had before Ship The Algar had Kirk and his brother the Old Man
-
So, he had to use brute strength to shatter the doors one by one.
 Several of the books fell during his struggles with the cabinet.
 Rodregas reached down and grabbed a couple of them, and then dropped them right back to the ground in shock as evil licked his hand.
 He shook the feeling off his hand and went back to the water closet and washed it in the water basin.
 Of course he knew there was nothing physically on his hand, but he also knew that water was a natural purifier and disrupted many magical influences.
 What he had felt was simply disgusting.
 Why would a book, no matter what its contents, have such a feel to it?
 He walked back to the book and got down on the ground.
 Without actually touching it, Rodregas slowly ran his fingertips along the binder of the book.
 While the feeling was not as strong as when he had held it, clearly the feeling of what could only be described as evil emanated from the book.

 let it be known that this feeling was the same from when he had held the book. He did
-
I thought I remembered where the closest drinking fountain was.
 Even so, I planned on getting a little lost before I found it.
 I didn't, however, plan on nearly colliding with Alec as he slowly rounded the corner in front of me.
 The tension of the near-fight earlier had distracted me from just how incredible-looking he was.
 There was no such refuge now.
 For a moment I couldn't think of anything other than how the dark blue of his shirt brought out his tan complexion.
 If his gorgeousness had stopped there, I probably would've been okay, but the little spirits in charge of keeping the universe in equilibrium must've been momentarily busy with something more important.
 The blue buttons that kept his shirt snuggly wrapped around his impressive torso were almost the exact shade of his eyes, which happened to be staring at me with a trace of something different than his normal self-assurance.
 In someone else I would've almost said gratitude, but his manner was too arrogant for that.
 More than anything else, that was what finally shook me from my reverie.

 me surrounded by fat nothings staring at me from behind the bars of a bar! Can I just
-
Drug addicts are convinced that they can handle the issue themselves and believing that lie could prove deadly for them.
 Brandon spent three more months in treatment and is now trying again, living independently in a sober-living environment.
 Another defining moment for all of us.
 We hope and pray that Brandon will use the tools he has been taught to navigate through this world where drugs and alcohol are abundant and easy to obtain where ever you live and no matter who you are with.
 Brandon needs to have the strength and desire to embrace his new healthy body and see the ramifications of destroying himself and his family if he chooses to return to drugs.
 About the Author Bradley V. DeHaven is a Financial Planner in Sacramento, California, a husband, and a father of two sons, one of whom is a recovering Oxycontin addict.
 Brad is pictured here with Brandon in January 2011; Brandon, age 25, is 55 pounds heavier than the 130 pounds his 6’2” body weighed when he entered rehab.
 Brandon still fights the demons that call to him in his darkest moments.
 Prescription drug abuse is an epidemic which claims the lives of our youth.
 photo by Devin DeHaven, 2011

 Dean Hart is my life, Croatia, Croatia, the blog and the penguin, parked in the middle
-
Greg: I’ve seen every episode of the twilight zone now.
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: I still haven’t been able to find the announcer.
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  Are you kidding?
 That man isn’t good looking at all.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: Well at least we’re not in black and white.
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: I mean, the total lack of color would be over the top.

 I’m in. I mean heating it up. I mean drinking the yellow nectar coming out of
-
I finally rolled out of bed, and started picking through the pile of bags from our shopping trip, hoping to find something that wouldn't make it look like I'd just won the lottery or robbed a bank.
 "Now you know how Rachel feels.
 I'm afraid that with only a couple of differences, it'll be business as usual."
 I finally settled on a white button-up, and headed to the bathroom so I could change.
 "So are you going to tell me what the differences are, or is that part of the stuff I'm not allowed to know?"
 Alec's chuckle was muffled by the closed door, but still brought a smile to my face.
 "The biggest difference will be that we're going to have to shuffle some class schedules to make sure Brandon and his pack don't have access to you or Rachel.
 Everything else is just kind of a corollary to that.
 At least one pack member will need to be with you whenever you leave the house."
 I spit out the toothpaste currently prohibiting me from being able to respond, and swung the door open.

 "Ah, that sounds perfect." Alec chuckles. "What is that?" I
-
.
 .
 maybe that’s because coming here would change all that.” She blinked, trying to absorb what he was telling her.
 Her life was already on record?
 She was going to have three children?
 But no—not any more.
 At least not with Davis, because she wasn’t going to marry him.
 So .
 .
 .

 “Why would you want to marry him? It’s just in common that you are attracted to
-
Some of them were.
 Some of them, I’m still proud of.
 I still love “Sandra Leathers.”  And I like Cocker’s version of “Sins of Monk Casaba.” “Satori at the Bitter Lemon,” “Call it the End of Enchantment,” “ Drudge’s Questions,” “The Dotage of a Fairy Tale Hero”…
 LE:  	It was Cassava, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, right.
 I don’t remember them all.
 For obvious reasons.
 I still like “Overton Park Picnic” especially Soft Machine’s version.
 “Peace is Declared,” “We Bombed in New Haven,” “Wear your Nehru,” “Iris,” “Art Kane’s Jazz Photograph,” uh, “Chloe’s Ancient Face,” “Jack and Neal and Martin Milner”—(laughs), that one for Tiny Tim.
 That still makes me laugh.

 : Not as funny other than Cassie Cassava, so good with the power of high comedy. Oh
-
The remaining elf swore as his eyes grew red and watery.
 He backed away from the half-orc, his sword held defensively before him.
 “What demon magic is this?” he asked.
 “Mine,” said Qurrah.
 And then blood poured out from the face of the lone elf.
 The eyeballs hit the ground before the dead body did.
 “Hurry,” the necromancer said.
 “This is but a taste of what we must do.”
 “Very well,” Harruq said.
 He tried to follow but the pain in his side stopped him.

 hallway together and did nothing. “See you soon,” he said and went back to they elf
-
"If you're around long enough, I'll take you to one."
 He froze, afraid his remark would make her start worrying again.
 But her attention was completely on her chowder.
 Relaxing again, he asked casually, "What do you do for fun in 1927?"
 "It depends."
 She dabbed at her lips with her napkin.
 "If you do what you're supposed to do, garden parties and radio and reading and long walks and gossip are the extent of it.
 But if you have a male cousin under your thumb, you go to speakeasies and dance and drink cocktails and meet interesting people."
 "I believe you mentioned last night that you fall into the second category."
 "Of course."

 final kisses and only another chowder after that. "Thanks, Phoenix." Then she
-
They are here.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “What should we do?” one elf shouted above the wind roaring past their ears.
 “Unleash our arrows,” Dieredon shouted back.
 “Watch for the necromancer.
 Ignore the undead once you locate him.”
 The blasphemous blanket of darkness stretched out below them like a great fog, filled with bobbing heads of Velixar’s army.
 In that chaotic mass, Dieredon knew the man in black would remain well hidden.
 Not until enough of the undead had been massacred.

 of the great-ger is now scattered across the ground, mixed with other bodies of undead and
-
They were excused from class, walked through the desks that lined the classroom, all eyes following them out the door.
 Their parents stood with the principal ready for their arrival at the office.
 As they entered the room it wasn’t hard to see the anger and disappointment.
 They were from different sides of this small town.
 My father’s dad was a butcher, his wife a seamstress.
 My mother’s dad was an oil rig grunt of American-Indian decent, and his wife, a meek submissive homemaker.
 Neither parent thought the other was good enough for their child, let alone the fact that they were both still children.
 Once the reason for the marriage was revealed, their parents accepted it as best as they could.
 My father’s parents arranged for them to live together in a small home while they finished school and awaited the birth of their baby.
 It was the late fifties and a pregnant teenager was an embarrassment.

 Diana and Berk Lu could look at their daughters on the front rows of the school.<eop> They had
-
If we had inscribed this sigil back at the farm we would never have needed your help.” Jordaan nodded at the truth of Rodregas’ words and the two of them quickly gathered the others.
 All agreed that no matter what might happen with the greater sigils that all should gain the minor Sigil of Healing.
 Its benefits to warriors and mages alike were well known.
 Jordaan agreed to do the inscribing and show the others the technique.
 In return Imeralda would inscribe Jordaan who was also eager for the sigil.
 Jordaan had his hand out with the palm facing up.
 At Jordaan’s direction Rodregas put his own, palm up, on top of it.
 The frog went on top and Jordaan’s other hand went on top of the frog.
 Jordaan then said, “This is going to hurt, it will feel like someone is drawing a pattern under your skin with a knife.
 If you pull away before it is done, you will mess up the pattern and it will use up your magic without adding the benefits of the sigil.” As Jordaan finished speaking he looked in Rodregas’ eyes until he nodded his understanding.

 was dealing with is now and the day that he awakened.<eop> Seth looked to his left. He
-
Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 When it’s time to go to bed And yucky thoughts are in my head, I quickly start to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.

 in the evening you are my light. Jesus, in the morning you are my light. Jesus,
-
I don't usually wear ribbons and bows; that was Emily's style.
 I pulled my hair back and tied the vine.
 It kept my hair out of my face and acted like a rubber band.
 “Thanks Emily,” I said.
 She finished tying her hair back.
 “No problem.
 We should look for somewhere to stay for the night.” I looked around, but everywhere was bare ground, hill after hill.
 “I don't see any caves.” “We'll just have to sleep in the open,” she stated and pointed to a huge tree.
 “We'll sleep under that tree.” “Okay,” I said, a little disappointed.
 “Seth, Jason, we're going to sleep over here.” Jason sighed in relief and we all gathered around the bottom of the tree.

 to the base of the tree and pointed her at the site of the cave. “He'd
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah watched the blue portal close, leaving him alone and hunted in a town full of enemies.
 “Brother, how could you?” he asked, dread clutching his throat.
 Elves were running down the alley, yelling in their language.
 Qurrah ducked back around, cursed his brother, and then darted to the nearest home.
 The first one had locks, as did the second, but the third was unbarred.
 He hid inside as the shouts of search parties went rushing past.
 Qurrah climbed the stairs to the second floor, sat down beside a bed, and then in silence pondered his fate now that he was alone.
 * Chapter 16 Chapter 16{{{1 16

 }~{1 13~~~{13}{{1 13~|! *
-
His feet came up and his torso was hanging in the void when someone reached over and grabbed his arm.
 I heard a grunt of effort, saw him stop moving, and only then realized it was Ben who'd nearly died.
 In the split second between Ben being gently placed back on the stairs, and everyone starting to breathe again, I followed the arm that'd saved him back to see who the hero was.
 Isaac met my gaze as he let go of Ben and then he looked up at Vincent with a stare that was somehow both calm and challenging at the same time.
 "What are you looking at, freak?"
 It was hard to believe Vincent could be so nonchalant after having almost killed someone.
 It'd been an accident obviously, but still that wasn't the kind of thing you just shook off.
 All of the kids that'd been rushing forward to congratulate Isaac for his heroic save started backing away.
 Anxious to avoid the fight, I tried to move with the crowd, but felt a flash of pain as my abused ankle protested.
 For a second I couldn't think about anything other than the agony.

 distinct sensation was when Isaac looked at Vincent who was standing within 300 yards of the floor and began breathing
-
Jim – Sumo has always been there for me in my times of need.
 Liz –  Really?
 Jim – Yeah, till mom found out what they meant to me.
 She burned my collection when I was at school one day.
 At least all the comics she could find anyways.
 I hid the rest.
 (shakes his head) I had every edition of Sumo Assassin all in mint condition.
 They’d be worth a fortune now to another collector.
 Liz – I doubt it, you were the only person I’ve ever met who read that comic and actually kept reading it.
 (Eugene enters quietly and sneaks up on the couple)

 and drink an pin of BenQ? You know what? I never (!?) bought
-
"This isn't your fault.
 Even if it was, it wouldn't matter because spending the last two weeks with you would've been more than worth the price."
 Chapter 29 The dress hadn't entirely been real inside my mind.
 Even after Rachel finally admitted she'd purchased the dress from our Vegas trip, and had it sent here, it'd been hard to believe I was really going to be wearing it at the dance.
 It was hard to still be disbelieving when it was hanging from the door just a few feet from me, but I was giving the effort my best shot.
 Its green, silky beauty seemed to be mocking me.
 There was no way I was going to be able to pull off a dress like that.
 Even assuming it didn't fall off of me, I was still going to look like a walrus.
 "Stop fidgeting, Adri.
 It's just a dance, not a funeral, and if you don't hold still your makeup isn't going to turn out right."

 tied me to his arm, giving me an arm to hold on to. He was pulling me from
-
“It is time you used these gifts.
 Not far is a small village.
 Go to it.
 Slaughter everyone without exception.”
 Harruq’s muscles screamed for use.
 He could barely register the request asked of him.
 All he could think of was wielding his swords in battle.
 “Which way do we go?” he asked.
 “I know the way,” Qurrah said, his eyes lingering on the whip curled about his right arm.
 “Their nightmares are crying out to me.

 ? The should-have? What would guide them to the path to the village?”<eop> Har
-
Eugene – You’re going to be humiliated.
 I didn’t play with my fullest potential before.
 Johnny – Uh-huh
 Eugene – Just remember when its all over that it’s just a game, don’t get suicidal or anything.
 I mean I was kind of hungry, but now that we’ve eaten I don’t have anything to distract me from handing out the beat-down.
 Johnny – Will do.
 Eugene – Its going to be bad for you, maybe we shouldn’t play it’ll save you a lot pain.
 Johnny – I think I can handle it.
 Eugene – Are you sure?
 It’s going to really hurt!

 Johnny – Was I writing it? Eugene – Right. And so, looking at it from
-
“Promise you will never strike at me, or those close to me, ever again.”
 The half-orc shifted uncomfortably in the grass.
 “You know I’d never do that.”
 “No, Harruq, I don’t know.
 I think I know, I desperately want to believe I know, but I don’t.
 So promise me.”
 “Aurry…”
 “Promise me now, or I will drag you back to the elves and let them deal the justice you deserve.”
 Harruq glared into the fire.
 It was such an easy promise, but could he keep it?

 he running now for his first proper Sam? And did he still have a plan?<eop> “Oh
-
For the most part it was worth it.
 Especially when the news story broke that officer Roberts spent an entire week diligently patrolling the area while keeping an eye out for Martians who are in the country illegally.
 But no matter, I won’t be going to them anyway.
 Johnny – Then what are you going to do?
 Eugene – I’m going to move on with my life, hopefully.
 And keep the promise I made to Art.
 Johnny – And what did you promise our father?
 Eugene – That I would stay out of trouble.
 Jim – This isn’t going to end well.
 Johnny – Five dollars says that he’s arrested by the end of next week.

 – Seven dollars says he’s not arrested by the end of next week. Jim –
-
At last, when Harruq was sure Qurrah would not bring up the subject, he spoke.
 “About the guards,” he said.
 “You think they’re telling the truth?”
 Qurrah glanced up.
 “About the elven blood in us?”
 “Yeah.”
 Qurrah chuckled, but it was mirthless.
 “I do, and it does not surprise me as much as it should.
 I’m not sure who would mate with our mother, but some elf man did.
 We are smarter than most realize, you know that.

 younger sister, Emily, there are few females among us, but we have an eighteen year old sister
-
"Enjoy the rest of your night, and don't lose hope on Les Misérables.
 You never know when you're going to beat the odds."
 Shaking my head in amazement at Rachel's unfailing optimism, I turned to thank Alec for the ride.
 He was scowling a little again, which almost made me get out without saying anything.
 My thanks received only a nod in return, and then Rachel was waving goodbye as they backed down the lane.
 The Jeep was gone, of course.
 I wiped away the beginnings of perspiration as I climbed our steps.
 It was still hot enough outside that I knew it was going to be miserable inside.
 By the time I reached the door I was contemplating just finding a decent tree and spending the afternoon outside.
 The sight of a white envelope, barely visible against the off-white door, was enough to drive those thoughts out of my head.

 does when Africa follows Australian Turns? What happens when Australia follows African Turns? What happens when
-
Just before he touched me, his cheek slid alongside mine, his mouth at my ear.
 I froze as he spoke low, his breath on my neck sending a shiver through me.
 “Stay.
 Still.” He was gone.
 He moved so fast it took a moment to understand.
 The hood of the cloak was drawn over my head, Chevelle standing a good distance away, facing the trees.
 I was watching him as two men drew near.
 I hadn’t seen them; they must have been concealed, or camouflaged by magic as I had been days before.
 The tassels decorating their long robes identified them as members of council, but I wasn’t familiar with the two.
 They mustn’t have been from the village.

 suggested God sent this talking creature onto the planet; Great Uren. I was fascinated.<eop> He
-
Similar arguments were made in the past against complete eradication of chemical weapons.
 The new treaty for the abolition of chemical weapons provides a useful model.
 Chemical weapons technology is far easier to acquire and violations of the treaty are far more difficult to verify.
 The fact that a comprehensive universal treaty to abolish one category of weapons of mass destruction is now a reality proves that political will rather than technical factors is the crucial element.
 The Chemical Weapons Treaty also shows that negotiation of such a treaty need not take decades.
 The demise of the Cold War offers a unique opportunity to eliminate nuclear weapons while the political atmosphere is favourable.
 If the world now intends to uphold democracy and human rights as inalienable values, then the human right to live without the threat of a nuclear holocaust must be proclaimed and made inviolable.
 A durable non-proliferation regime can only be constructed on the basis of the universal abolition of nuclear weapons.
 Manufacture and possession of nuclear weapons must be banned.
 Use of such weapons must be outlawed as a crime against humanity.

 still an important critical element in the disarmament process. We should not overlook the fact that however this issue
-
Ok.  Oh, you know, there were all these groups back then with psychedelic names, uh, Raspberry Batman—they were funny, Jack and the Beanstalks, The House of Dr. Dee, The Savage God, The Seven Madmen—
 LE: 	Without Feathers.
 BG: 	Right, they were good actually.
 Almost had a hit—what was that sucker—oh!
 “You’re Standing on my Train.”  Nice little number.
 Running Dog, Peabody and Sherman—that’s a funny story, really.
 They started at Peabody School, so that’s where the Peabody comes in, and the lead singer’s name was really Sherman.
 When they opened for us—I remember it was really fucking hot that night, one of those Memphis nights where the humidity feels like urine in the air—and they were talking to us backstage.
 And I said, I like your name—I’m a big Bulwinkle fan.
 They had no fucking idea what I was talking about.

 I had even seen the sight of the Sherman in People. LE: By Ram. BG
-
Buddy is caught at a crucial moment, when he had left his psychedelic/blues/rock behind for California living and worldwide acclaim.
 And he has been caught, naked, funny, combative, contradictive, hopeful, full of possibility, honest, bitter, loving, and, finally, with his brilliance still intact, after many had written him off.
 This is Buddy Gardner, the man and the musician, raw and exposed.
 Read these words for their history.
 Read them for what they say about all of us.
 Camel Jeremy Eros, Big Sur, 2001
 ***
 If I seem free, it’s because I’m always running.
 Jimi Hendrix
 The finest sensibilities of the age are convulsed with pain.

 am another circumstance. Exploration defines everything to the Diator Cop? Do those folks think
-
(They shake hands)
 Jim – Good to finally meet you.
 Karen – Art has told me a lot about you.
 So has Elizabeth.
 Jim – They’ve told you a lot about me?
 Karen – Yes they have.
 Jim – Was any of it mildly interesting?
 Karen – I thought so.
 Jim – The must have lied then.
 Karen – Art, you didn’t mention that he was witty.

 – I think so. Jim – I saw no witty one until I was a younger designer
-
The rider steadied her best he could, knowing his doom approached.
 They crashed into the inky blackness, crushing bodies underneath before the swarming dead tore them to pieces.
 Velixar’s first attack was far more impressive.
 Bits of bone ripped out from his undead army; femurs, fingers, ribs, and teeth flew into the sky in a deadly assault.
 The elves broke formation as the barrage approached.
 The first ten, however, were too close to have hope.
 Bone shredded wings and scattered feathers.
 The elves that were alive when their horses landed died by the clawing hands of rotted flesh.
 Dieredon looped in the sky, his confidence shaken at the sight of so many of his dying friends.
 He fired arrows three at a time, his quiver never approaching empty.

 pure spit, threw spit, and bobshed paste. Verify his initial on the outside of his
-
“Course,” he said, shrugging.
 “You’re sneaky, brother, but I’m not as deep a sleeper as you think I am.
 So who is this person?”
 Qurrah bit his lower lip.
 “His name is…‌he will tell you his name.
 He is powerful, Harruq.
 Very powerful.
 I’ve taken him as my teacher, and I want him to become yours as well.”
 Harruq raised his arms and flexed, watching his calloused hands open and close.
 “What can a teacher of magic offer me?” he asked.

 he touched Qurrah’s hand in gusts, his in tones and various manners.
-
I like green.” I rambled as I examined the short hunting knife that was resting in a small sheath on my hip.
 I ran a finger over the blade before putting it back.
 How Seth and I had acquired such dangerous weapons was anyone’s guess.
 I certainly had no clue.
 I heard footsteps and turned to see Emily running over.
 She was wearing a close fitting, long robe.
 It was a stunning deep blue with a trim of gold embroidery.
 She had no weapons dangling from her body were visible from where I was standing.
 “I have pink hair!
 Isn’t it cool?” She spun around so we could take in all of its bubblegum pink color.

 You look incredible!” I were rambled as we all all turned to circle around. I
-
Liz – He’s right, you would have been teased no matter, this way you at least showed some profit.
 Eugene – The out-pouring of love is overwhelming.
 Jim – I know I know, with friends like us, who needs mobs of angry prank victims.
 Liz – Could be worse.
 Eugene – Yes it could.
 And before you decide that it would be funny to make it so, I’m going home.
 Jim – But Godzilla, we have so much to ask about.
 Gene – Like what?
 Jim – Will you take this stuff home with you?
 (gives Gene the paper bag)

 Gene – Only I, because Godzilla will probably embrace this for real. Liz –
-
She then asked me to turn over and she sat on me, barely above my crotch.
 I immediately noticed a tattooed first name of “Steve” on her flat stomach, just right of her belly button.
 I tapped the tattoo and ask her if that was her boyfriend’s name.
 She leaned into me and whispered that it is just some guy who treats her like crap but she keeps going back to him.
 The fact that she chose to whisper that bit of information convinced me he was outside the open door.
 As we talked I described to her that I had a very controlling wife and two young children at home.
 I told her this because I needed to set some restrictive boundaries; I knew I would need to work within the confines of the narcotics officers, and this would allow me to put her off, buy some time, if I needed it.
 She talked with me and continued to massage my chest as she straddled my naked body.
 She reached for my hands and placed them on her young firm breasts.
 It was an unexpected treat for “an old guy with a script”.

 to her breasts and Coredural Under Operating Model, some other positive test results, a determined and
-
Special thanks to Annie, who helped bring Freya to life.
 More from Melissa Wright:
 The Frey Saga Frey Pieces of Eight Molly (a short story) Rise of the Seven Venom and Steel
 Descendants Series Bound by Prophecy Shifting Fate Reign of Shadows
 Shattered Realms King of Ash and Bone
 Visit the Author on the web at www.melissa-wright.com
 
 * Table of Contents Table of Contents{{{1 ### CONTENTS
 [Title Page](Chapter_title.html)
 [Books by David Dalglish](Chapter_other_books.html)

 CREDIT MIA (a short story) Recommendations for book review: Read Plan 2: Read
-
I held my hand out in front of me, emphasizing the action as I twisted my wrist in the air, the boar’s head spinning, the sound of its neck cracking in tandem with my movement.
 He gasped and stepped back from me.
 I was afraid for a moment I’d shown him too much.
 He looked at my face, searching, and finally let out a breathless, “Magic.” His face was filled with wonder.
 I had seen many impressed with my talents, but never with such an effortless show.
 I laughed to myself.
 It was refreshing to have someone so genuinely awed.
 He didn’t ask to see what else I could do; he wasn’t sizing me up for battle.
 I smiled at him and he seemed to think that alone a reward.
 He was still speechless.

 d again 3 days later, but once again he didn’t show me enough. We spent a
-
After a little more time there, I acted as if I’d lost interest and headed home.
 Tomorrow, I will follow the tracks.
 I will find whoever was there and solve the mystery of their rudimentary tools and strange huts.
 I yawned.
 After a quick glance around, I slid the book back into my pack.
 I rolled over and fell asleep listening to Ruby’s quiet tune.
 The next morning, the group seemed in unusually high spirits.
 I had no idea why the mood had shifted, but I enjoyed the laughter and joking anyway.
 We rode past a waterfall, the roar of water making me curious.
 I figured Ruby was my best bet.

 , I bet the two would be alone. I sort of forgot. I ‘d been going to
-
My mother was also abused.
 She stayed, as so many abused women do, because her only options would only lead us back to poverty and uncertainty, and also because Dino threatened to take my little brother to Greece where she would never see him again.
 She protected us and herself as best as she could and she likely hoped for better days.
 Back then we didn’t have options as kids either.
 There were no toll free hotline numbers to call to safely report abuse and we knew better than to tell anyone what was happening behind closed doors.
 If we kept our mouths shut we would hopefully avoid making him even angrier.
 He weighed over 200 pounds and he could do some damage any way he beat us.
 The primary goal when getting beaten by a person nearly twice one’s size is to limit injuries and not escalate the violence because there is no winning.
 I had seen this tactic with my grandfather and my uncle, and my brother and I were now in a similar situation.
 When someone saw the marks or bruises on our bodies we lied so we didn’t get a repeat performance.

 met in a small town in Jupiter, the largest of the loch in the area. Her grandmother
-
The kindest man might become a brute when surrounded by other brutes.
 When Harruq was with his brother, or the strange man in black, how then did he behave?
 Could he kill?
 Could he murder?
 She had to know.
 It took a simple invisibility spell to approach their rundown home unnoticed, her feet moving silently because of her natural elven grace.
 It was midday and the sun was high in the sky.
 Most of the murders occurred once darkness fell, and always when the child wandered into the forest to play.
 Lately no murders had been found, and Aurelia couldn’t decide if she should be worried or hopeful that they had stopped at the same time she had begun training with Harruq.
 Aurelia peered through a gap in the boards.

 no suspicious activity. So, just pray. Then pray of miracle. Then pray of the thief.
-
I didn’t hesitate, just pulled my arm up and swung hard, backhand.
 The blade cut clean and his head rolled backward, hitting the ground with a sickening thud.
 I looked away.
 The others stared at me.
 I couldn’t blame them.
 Steed’s voice was low, wary.
 “He didn’t mean you, Frey.” I turned, unable to stand the bloody vision in my peripheral.
 The tracker’s words waited in Chevelle’s hand.
 “Okay,” I said, feeling slightly detached from myself.
 “Let’s try it.” Chevelle’s disbelief was more than evident as he shot back, “No.” Ruby spoke up.

 fish?” She was worried, concerned. I thought we liked “Hey, Aden.” It was
-
Go ahead and walk around looking for students who need help.
 Most everyone will leave in the next ten minutes or so, but we're actually open for another hour."
 She was right.
 Nearly everyone left over the next little while as they either finished up their assignments, gave up, or finally filled whatever quota of study time they'd been given by their parents.
 I did get to answer a couple of questions, which was surprisingly fun.
 When there was only half an hour left Mrs. Campbell walked over.
 "Good job so far.
 Albert, the other tutors, and I are all going to head out.
 Stay here until closing time, and then you're free to go.
 We'll see you tomorrow."

 t long. "So anyway, you look quite happy in finding them all."<eop> After
-
When Officer White called, the bust was on.
 I hugged and kissed Brandon and Lisa as if I was about to ship off to a war.
 I felt guilty that I couldn’t say something to my younger son Bryce but he was now back at college and we hadn’t told him what I was doing for Brandon.
 I didn’t want him to worry and I didn’t want him to hate his brother for putting me in this situation.
 I would tell him later when all was well .
 .
 .
 hopefully.
 If not, I needed to tell my wife to tell him how much I loved him, just in case.
 She broke down and I left the house before she had recomposed herself.

 so good after all this spending. This was the victory of the whole family for the cops and for
-
My heart was racing so fast that it might explode right out of my chest.
 Jason threw the knife he had been holding and it stuck into a tree.
 He grinned at me and I guess it hit exactly where he wanted.
 “On the count of three, we attack with everything we’ve got.
 Okay?” Seth looked at Jason and I.
 We nodded at him.
 “One, two three!” When Seth hit three, he charged with his sword.
 I pulled back and released my arrow.
 It hit the thrasher’s front paw.
 Before I could think, I had notched another one on the bow and drew back the string.

 a sword to pick up a mace and slay he. I pulled back and let the
-
“We need your help.” He shook his head.
 “I'm very sorry, miss, but I can't.” He gave me another smile and was gone.
 “Jazell,” I heard Emily say.
 I turned around to see her smiling at me.
 “We'll be fine.” “Emily's right,” Seth said.
 “We don't need him.
 If he doesn't want to help us then it's his fault if we don't get where we need to go.” “We should find somewhere to stay for the night,” Jason suggested.
 Seth nodded and we followed him deeper into the dark woods.
 I walked beside Emily as the trees passed us.
 Things seemed to watch us from the shadows and I felt like some poor little kid who was afraid to be a victim of a Halloween “jump-out-of-the-bush” scare trick.

 There they were again. Marcus was out hunting for beans and they came to his house to sniff air
-
I'd been scared sick when he'd been about to kiss me, but it had at least been something I'd been dreaming about off and on for years.
 I wasn't sure I was ready for the other things he was starting to imply.
 Chapter 20 There were a couple of times between Monday and the end of the week where I didn't think I was going to survive having to worry about whether or not I'd be able to sneak out to Brandon's party.
 My dreams had taken a decidedly odd turn.
 I'd had the lucid, vivid dreams every single night, but my guilty conscience seemed to be working overtime.
 At least that was all I could assume.
 I woke up flustered, with vague memories of Alec.
 My best guess was that I was trying to defend myself after having argued with his little sister.
 If I was going to waste my time in the vivid dreams, it would've made more sense to spend them trying to explain my side of what'd happened to Rachel, but apparently I wasn't normal enough for that.
 I'd been all set to swallow my pride and thank Alec for shutting up the two kids sitting behind me.

 I tried to acknowledge the weird parts of my night and try to find answers for them because I thought
-
The air was cold, a sudden chill from the north chasing away the heat of the day.
 Qurrah wrapped himself best he could as he climbed the hill.
 He spotted the small fire, and beside it Velixar bathed in its red glow.
 The fledgling necromancer took his seat across from the man in black.
 “Are you ready to listen?” Velixar asked.
 Qurrah nodded.
 “Good.
 The story of this world’s gods is not lengthy, nor complicated, but it is a story that you must learn.
 “Celestia created the rock, the grass, and the water.
 Her hand formed the wildlife, and to tend her creation she created elves.

 she created the rest of the language. “Her hand created the people... and that
-
Some of that is in that song.
 The line about the maple tree is McClure’s.
 I don’t really like the arrangement we came up with for this song.
 I don’t think the backup guys were up to it.
 I should have played everything—I almost went back in and re-cut it, but, hell, it’s ok the way it is.
 But, it could have been better.
 Thicker.
 CM: 	“It’s Not True Unless it Makes You Laugh.”
 BG:  	Right.
 That’s actually a really old song—that almost made it onto Turntable.

 I end up in the Kate McClure, think me a recipe program. But, please don't
-
I saw nothing happen but knew there must be something, some unseen force causing them pain, draining them.
 I couldn’t look away but stammered to Ruby, “What’s happening?” “They are trying to overpower one another.” I could hear the pleasure in her voice.
 “No silly games, just power.” The way she said it had some part of my mind wondering whether her statement about not having her mother’s ambition was true.
 But I could only concentrate on the struggle in front of me.
 No visible action.
 I tried to judge by appearance who might be winning.
 Chevelle’s jaw was set, eyes dark.
 Steed flinched, but I had no idea if it was pain or magic.
 The only thing I was sure of was that neither intended to lose.
 Their stances, right down to their gazes, were absolutely unwavering.

 looked out, it was R.B. Burton one of them. Right from the happy and ecstatic
-
I was instructed to call Ashley around 6 pm and tell her I would meet her as soon as I could get out of the house, and that I would call her when I left it.
 I prepared myself emotionally for another unpredictable evening.
 I was told to meet the officers at a different location behind a nearby grocery store near the loading dock and trash bins.
 I arrived promptly, eager to get this thing done, and was immediately disappointed to learn that there would be a delay getting the crew together as they had just busted an Ecstasy dealer and part of the crew was stuck hauling, booking and questioning him.
 I was irritated as they wired me up in anticipation of the bust.
 The officers then recorded my call to Ashley where I told her my wife had me watching the kids and unavailable until she returned, so I’d call her in a while.
 I was buying an unknown amount of time while keeping Ashley and Steve on the hook.
 So while I am standing in the lot wired up, not able to call my wife, not able to go anyplace myself, some of the officers take orders for a hamburger run!
 I am now beyond irritated, as their lackadaisical attitude could equal another disappointment and a setback for the mission to get my son on with his life and out of a possible prison sentence.
 They asked me what I wanted from the nearby hamburger joint as they relayed orders to another officer via a cell phone.

 had the keyly identifying information to call the next action. Why do they ask me what I had
-
But it has taken me decades to gain a meager command of Spanish.
 So I resort to an English dictionary, look up "adore" and all I find are synonyms: worship; revere, venerate; and one somewhat helpful description: deep, rapturous love.
 That one rings truest.
 According to my vocabulary, if we adore something, we are drawn to it and resist separation.
 Its presence comforts, inspires, provides us with hope and meaning.
 The thought of losing it may terrify or leave us in despair.
 I feel all that about my kids.
 I have felt somewhat the same about a few others, at least for a time.
 But I would be lying if I claimed to feel all that about God.
 My problem invites the question: how can I adore God when I don’t quite know what to make of him?

 scripture references, my vocabulary’es; sphologies; anti-anti-importation
-
“Captain Intreg, do you mind asking a few questions to confirm his status?” The Knight seemed uncomfortable under the hand of the sorcerer but nodded and said to Rodregas, “What is the eighth law of Chivalry?” “Thou shalt never offer combat to someone who is not equal in strength, unless in defense of the honor of the Order, for Justice for the oppressed or in defense of the weak,” he answered.
 Captain Intreg nodded and then asked, “A question of law: two messenger couriers stop at a keep with priority messages and switch out horses.
 The local lord finds that both horses are lame and are no longer any good.
 One of the messengers is from a neighboring lord and one from the Guild of the Celestial Path.
 What rights does the lord have in this situation?” Rodregas noticed the sorcerer seemed to stiffen at the question.
 Rodregas’ mind swirled.
 The first questions had been easy, but it had been a very long time since he had studied law.
 The sorcerer’s body language, though, directed his memory to the answer.
 Rodregas said, “The local lord is responsible for replacing the other lord messenger’s lame horse.
 There is nothing to be done for the Immortalist messenger’s horse.

 order to replace the horse’s lame horse, do the cleric first provide other horses? Should the
-
Liz – I want to know.
 Johnny – It’s not worth reading, he just writes about his ‘thoughts’.
 Nothing exciting, just stupid things like whether or not life is a dream.
 He doesn’t even bother to make it coherent, he just dribbles it out using big words.
 Most of those words he doesn’t use correctly.
 Idiot.
 Liz - You mean like his Canadian change theory?
 Jim – They’re damn good ideas.
 And you’re just angry cause you don’t understand words with more than four letters and one syllable.
 And who are you calling idiot?

 And fuck you, we are not going to get that brilliant September fantasy. Jerky plan. He
-
After traveling the world and witnessing racial tensions rising all around, Billy Graham had grown ever more certain that the only solution was at the foot of the cross.
 He said the foot of the cross was the only place where in every sense all of us are equals.
 We’re all sinners, he said, and we’re sinners by choice.
 We choose to break God's moral laws.
 We become drunkards or fornicators, selfish, consumed with pride and prejudice and intolerance.
 But the sinful heart can’t find happiness.
 And God, he assured us, wants his creatures to get happy, which is why Christ said we must be born again, so he could give us new moral natures, new affections, new objectives, and new directions.
 What planted the hook in me was: according to Billy Graham, when you make your decision for Christ, you do it for the sake of the nation and the world.
 Without God, any nation will perish.
 And a nation is only as strong as its people.

 Lord experienced an enormous pastoral missionary opportunity at Momma Carter, one he had never been able to chase
-
I name her… Elfreda.”
 My heart had stopped.
 And then it surged as blood rushed to my face, my neck.
 My ears rang.
 I must have been speaking or cursing.
 I could hear the sound, but could not make sense of it.
 Nothing made sense.
 I was standing before I knew I was surrounded.
 Fury and fire swam in my head, my chest, my hands.
 I heard them through the buzz.

 ready. “’Efreda. Hard. Loud. Call me.” I could hear
-
At his feet lay the wrapped corpse of Ahrqur.
 “Tun’del was a skilled swordmaster.
 You both have proven yourselves as strong as I believed.
 Unwrap the body.
 It is time we begin.”
 Much preparation later, Qurrah and Velixar stood on opposite sides of a naked Ahrqur.
 The elf lay on his back.
 Thin scars and symbols decorated his body, including a slanted Y across his forehead.
 Thirteen stones surrounded the corpse, each dabbed with a bit of Qurrah’s blood.
 Velixar held a piece of Ahrqur’s flesh in his right hand.

 J rate, it informed him. Ra did not see it. “Col in it in the air
-
“Yes.
 Do you know the house?” “No.
 What’s your name?” “Marie Tranton.
 My father is Jefferson Tranton.” Rick blinked as everything went dark for a second.
 This wasn’t possible.
 Someone was playing a joke on him.
 His silence was making her uncomfortable.
 "If you could just point me toward Meadows Street .
 .
 ."

 hand to her neck to be sure she could see the church and the woods behind. "If
-
BG:  	No, no, thanks.
 CM:  	Beautiful, the light there against that white wall, against the sash.
 It’s like a ruddle…
 BG: 	Blood.
 It’s the color of blood.
 CM: 	Which is life, right?
 BG:  	Yes.
 LE: 	Maybe just—
 CM: 	Yeah, tomorrow, right?
 Is that alright?

 No, no, not that? Cool, it feels like a circle every day. LE:
-
I mentally reviewed my conversation with the secretary, but couldn't remember either of us mentioning the class.
 As if trying to catch up in Algebra wasn't going to be bad enough, I was going to face the same kind of problem in physics.
 Grumbling to myself, I promised to try and switch into something better first thing tomorrow morning.
 The class was in a section of the building I hadn't been to yet, one apparently older than the rest of the building.
 The lights were spaced further apart and the cinder blocks in the walls were a slightly different size.
 Good thing I still had my water.
 The old part of the school was just as hot as the rest.
 You'd think functioning air-conditioning would be a necessity for a school so far south.
 At least it should cool down a little in the coming months.
 Assuming of course I lasted that long without losing it from dealing with all of the crazy small-town people in this school.

 I contemplated trying to sunbath occasionally over the glare of the adult college students in the front row of
-
By the Infernals, if the spell had gone as planned I would have burned in creation fire and my magic would be inside of your body right now.” She caught him with those large amazingly green eyes and said, “I had a theory on what happened, but was not sure how to explain it so Audrian would understand.
 He was adamant, and I couldn’t argue with his logic, as he had said to you last night, you must be either Gerald or Ravenhurr.” “But you aren’t,” she continued, “And well, you actually seem pretty nice, and you can handle yourself in a fight.
 I was just joking about the bow.
 You have been really generous.
 I was just talking.
 You two can both wrestle a bear barehanded and probably win.
 Hell, Audrian stabbed you with a knife last night and while you are bleeding a bit, you are getting around pretty well considering you had a knife in you last night.
 Now you are showing us trust by giving us weapons.
 I am sorry,” she finished.
 From her expression she meant what she said, but Rodregas did not think she was happy to say it.

 a lot over the past week. I still have a few fights to shake off, but one is
-
I must have given away the fact that I had no clue where I was.
 It wasn’t my fault.
 I’d never left the village.
 I didn’t know anything about anything.
 She glanced to the watching eyes and again to me.
 I was sure they were waiting for something.
 “Well, it’s just that I remember reading in the village about castles in the North.” Was I supposed to have read that?
 Had that been in the documents I had pilfered from the library?
 Shut up, Frey, shut up!
 They seemed to relax a little as Chevelle shook his head and brought his horse back to pace.

 miss it. That was the one thing I could feel in the air. I had something in a
-
Very recent events in Yugoslavia suggest that even in the limited area of economic stabilization and adjustment, an alternative strategy can be more successful.
 Although the long-term impact of the Yugoslav experiment is an yet unknown, its remarkably positive initial results merit serious consideration.
 The economic disorder that accompanied recent political developments in Yugoslavia resulted in an explosive increase in prices of more than 100 per cent per month in 1992.
 Despite efforts to control monetary expansion, hyperinflation exceeded three million per cent in 1993 - far higher than the inflation rate reached in Germany following the First World War and, quite probably, the highest rate in recorded history.
 The price spiral was accompanied by a steep fall in real purchasing power by as much as 75 per cent.
 The budget deficit increased rapidly as the value of government tax revenues fell further and further behind the rising cost in current terms of its expenditures, due to the time lag between tax declaration, collection and expenditure in a period of very rapid price increases.
 In January 1994, the government embarked on a comprehensive monetary reconstruction programme to achieve price and exchange rate stability; to remove administrative controls over production, investment, prices, salaries, and interest rates; to re-establish the role of the central bank in monetary stability; to reorganize public finances through an efficient tax system, including more efficient tax collection and better coverage of the lage `grey' economy; to reduce government administrative and defence expenditure to the maximum possible extent; to maintain price supports for important agricultural commodities as an incentive for production; to stimulate economic activities of private, cooperative and public sector enterprises through equal access to credit and government facilities; and to encourage the takeover of sick firms by stronger, more efficient companies.
 At the same time, the programme was intended to mitigate the harsher effects of shock therapy programme was intended to mitigate the harsher effects of shock therapy programmes on the working class and fixed-income pensioners by providing free scope for collective bargaining, enforcement of a minimum wage policy and a social safety net for the unemployed.
 It was recognized from the outset that stability of the currency was an absolute precondition for the success of the reform programme, which depended in turn on the firmness and consistency with which it was implemented.
 The central element of the programme was the introduction of a new currency, the `superdinar', in parallel to the existing currency, but without demonetizing or confiscating it.

 an ECB mandate on the new hang-up of the currency allowed the country to seek re-
-
Still, now I wish I'd done a better job of learning."
 Alec nodded, but there was a distracted air to the gesture.
 I waited while we made another quarter of a journey, him gracefully, me not quite so much, around the floor, before opening my mouth to speak, but he beat me to it.
 "I don't suppose either of us talk about our dads much.
 I'm not pushing, but if you ever need to talk about him, about what happened, I'll listen.
 I'll even try to suppress the natural male instinct to present advice or solutions."
 I missed another step, but I wasn't fighting off a panic attack, I was just shocked that his words hadn't triggered one.
 Maybe it was just a function of the simple passage of time, but that didn't feel like the right answer.
 Wrapped inside his right arm as I was, the pleasant tingle surging through me wherever our skin touched, it seemed utterly impossible anything could ever have that kind of power to hurt me again.
 I regained my footing, and it wasn't until Alec ceased moving that I realized the music had stopped.

 of us walked in, and I looked around we shared intense eyes, and noted each other individually.
-
Named after my dad since he had been president and organized the renovation of the field.
 During our games, pulling for Cody, I came to understand why a father I knew dropped dead in the stands, when his heart failed while his son was pitching.
 As teenagers, my kids carried on the family tradition of abject rebellion, to the degree that I wrote a Reader story about the Tough Love group I was attending weekly.
 The year my kids began to climb out of the mud, I met Pam.
 * Back when I had only one child, someone told me that two was as easy or easier than one.
 Whoever said that ought to be gagged.
 At least in my family, while one kid slept, the other wouldn’t.
 When one behaved, the other raised hell.
 Everything one gets, the other wants.
 And so on.

 s older, gets older, gets older, gets older. One is older, one is younger.
-
It felt good being there, surrounded by my new companions, a fire and stories, laughter.
 This was more of a home than Fannie’s had ever been.
 But I was also under the influence of a fairy.
 “Better yet?” Ruby asked.
 I grimaced.
 Grey approached.
 “Ruby dear, won’t you allow us to partake?” “Speak for yourself,” Anvil cracked from across the fire, “last time I lost a bit of tongue.” I cringed and remembered my dream.
 I thought I could still smell burning flesh.
 Ruby laughed.
 “Ah, well, I suppose just this once.” Grey sat, rough brown boots resting among the stone, and she leaned over him as if for a kiss.

 wasmy you are,” Noah whispered beneath the rock.<eop><eod> That last time! No one
-
"Don't worry; it's just fine that you're here.
 I ran into Donovan and he told me where to find you.
 I just wanted to apologize for earlier."
 I shook my head violently.
 "No, you don't have anything to be sorry about.
 It...well, it was all so horrid.
 I can't imagine how hard it must be for you."
 Rachel stopped me before I could say anything else.
 "It's pretty rough, but not for the reasons you think.
 Mom isn't entirely healthy.

 being strong, so she's doing what's right. Donovan picked up the box and the
-
The air was already hot enough to suck the moisture out of rocks, but that wasn't the cause of the sudden rush of heat to my face.
 I didn't think I'd ever seen the boy before, but Jasmin was easily recognizable, even half-hidden amid all the intermittently-functioning cooling units that lived on this end of the building.
 I couldn't see much beyond the boy's wild red hair, but even that was enough to tell he wasn't completely comfortable.
 I wanted to turn around and go back the other way, but there was a chance that Jasmin had already seen me, and if so I couldn't afford to look like I was scared of her.
 The fact I actually was terrified she was going to snap and start trying to kill people was irrelevant.
 If I could convince her I wasn't scared, I was less likely to get hurt.
 I kept walking, not necessarily steering closer to the three-quarter wall the boy was leaning against, but also being very careful not to go out of my way to stay further away from them either.
 As I got close to the pair, a little more of the boy became visible, reaffirming my impression that he wasn't happy to be talking to her.
 His shoulders looked unnaturally tight and he was shaking his head slowly from side to side.
 Locked as I was into my course, I couldn't help but hear them both as I got closer.

 looking up, while Jasmin said something to Jasmin in the other direction. The noise likely belonged
-
I couldn’t run because I couldn’t breathe.
 I couldn't fight, because the enemy was me.
 The first time, a few years before, I landed at County Mental Health in San Diego.
 A doctor prescribed valium, which barely helped.
 For months I lived in abject fear.
 Of losing my mind.
 Of my heart giving out.
 I remembered the faces my dad used to make as he fumbled in his pocket for his stash of nitroglycerin, with every muscle straining at once as if the strain was all that held him together.
 Panic attacks work like this: adrenalin kicks in when it has no business doing so.
 Because it’s so unwarranted, the fight or flight response it unleashes causes a paralyzing sort of fear, which spirals upward into what feels like the beginning of eternal torment.

 buzz of the car lingers long enough, it starts to click the trigger.<eop> Panic attacks
-
They bought the dress and matching sandals.
 As soon as they got home, Marie spread out all their purchases, looking at them with delight.
 "I can't wait!"
 she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
 Rick smiled.
 "Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.
 Thank you so much, Rick."
 She flung her arms around him.
 She packed for both of them and finally, unable to find anything else to do, dropped onto the sofa beside him.

 "No, anything, yeah, no."<eop> He would never know she smiled that bright face
-
I had spread them out on the table and was studiously examining them when a shadow crossed my desk.
 I realized someone was standing there and distractedly glanced up to see who.
 My instinct to breathe deserted me.
 It was Chevelle Vattier.
 Chapter Three Black Roots
 Chevelle stood there, staring down at me, as I leaned halfway across the table of documents concerning the northern clans.
 Researching him.
 I tried not to betray myself by glancing down at the papers, but the only other place to look was into his eyes, and it felt like that was all I’d found myself doing since I’d first seen him.
 He didn’t look away.
 I had no way of knowing if he’d read the documents before I realized he was there, and I stared at him, frozen for what seemed like an eternity.

 looked up at my desk, recognized her in the paper-station, and then he was gone
-
I could still see traces of desire in his eyes; and for the first time since I'd met him, I was absolutely positive he wasn't ever going to leave me.
 "I don't think it was a mistake.
 I want to kiss you again, but I'll behave."
 "You like the painting then?"
 I nodded, and then shivered.
 It's amazing how a near complete loss of physical control can burn through your energy reserves.
 Alec frowned.
 "I'm sorry.
 I forget sometimes how much easier it is for you and Rachel to catch a chill.
 Let's get you inside where it's a bit more temperate."

 were exhausted at whipping them on the backs of their faces. Emily was uncomfortable with me being outside
-
Between the lines, it’s all there.
 And dig that 12-string playing, man.
 That’s near perfect.
 CM:  	Only near?
 BG:  	Yeah, it’s all any of us get.
 Near perfect.
 That day I was riding God’s tail.
 I was playing like Robert Johnson ensorcelled.
 You dig that?
 I made up that little middle bit, and, then, as discussed—I think we talked about this—a little piece of Jimi’s “Third Stone from the Sun,” thrown in at the beginning, as a tribute, because he had just died and I was in mourning when I wrote that.

 And that takes that to 24-string, when Ed Gillespie wondered, "Nah.
-
The air smelled musty and I had a feeling no one had ever been here.
 I sat on the floor next to Emily and the boys sat on the opposite side of the floor.
 “We should all get some rest,” Seth said with a yawn.
 “We can figure out what to do next when we wake up.” I nodded sleepily and laid down on the hard ground.
 I closed my eyes, feeling a strange tiredness come over me.
 I barely heard Seth mumbled, “I don't like our situation at all.” That night, I had the weirdest dream.
 I was standing on a dark cliff, the eerie moon high in the sky.
 The wind whipped at my hair, causing me to see the green strands in front of my eyes.
 The cold nipped at my cheeks and nose, which I tried to rub back to warmth.
 I stood at the edge of the cliff and gasped when I looked down.

 crowded around me and the walls of the cliff felt cold. It felt like a very large ice-
-
Her expression of wonder made his old dried up heart smile.
 He was not sure how to feel, like a pleased father giving out mid-winter gifts to children, or like a young lover giving flowers to a new crush.
 Rodregas was unsure which reaction was proper now, and which she would want him to feel.
 Doi’van had watched the whole show with the thoughtful expression that he was starting to believe was his normal face to the world.
 “And do you have a full suit of Night Bronze Plate Mail for me and a magic sword or three as well?” he asked in his careful voice.
 “I am afraid that if we want any proper armor for ourselves we are going to have to take it off some Immortal Guard’s corpse.
 But I do have one other Black Yew bow and a bigger sword that probably makes more sense for you to use than me, since I have used nothing but short swords for a very long time.” Rodregas then pulled out the two-handed great sword that he had found at the keep and handed it to Doi’van.
 On Doi’van it was more a hand and a half sword, but as he flourished it around a bit, Rodregas could see he was pleased.
 “The steel is simple, but the balance is good.
 I am starting to be very happy that I helped pull this wagon up the hill,” he said with a deep chuckle, which sounded like distant thunder.

 anything when a wagon fell. Pretty flat, despite all that dirt. Did you pull any dirt
-
You didn't really want to kiss me--you just wanted to see if you could get me to do it."
 "Oh, Rick, that's not true!"
 she cried, afraid she'd hurt him.
 She laid her hands on his chest, leaning into him as she looked up at him.
 "I really did want to kiss you.
 I couldn't have gotten that look on my face if I hadn't wanted to kiss you."
 He drew her closer.
 "Prove it."
 "How?"
 "Kiss me."

 me," she whispered. "I want you to let me have that look on my face
-
Marie went upstairs but didn't feel like lying down.
 Instead, she sat on her bed with her back against the headboard and her arms wrapped around her knees.
 Why did she feel so frightened?
 This was almost how she'd felt when she'd wandered into 2011.
 But then she'd been in a strange place; now she was home.
 She should be ecstatic.
 She'd tried for over five weeks to get home.
 Tuesday she'd spent a delightful day with her family, the best of her adult life.
 Her father had amazed her by showing her his love in a variety of ways.
 He and her brother had reconciled.

 lost their parents during a long period of treacherous existence; Marie had started doing simple things, like
-
‘Local mad-man harasses Queen of England over phone’.
 They were searching for weeks!
 And it was Gene all along?
 Jim – Yep, he moved up into the realm of international nuisance.
 Liz – Gene, the most sought after phone prankster on the planet…
 Jim – We know a legend.
 Liz – But why can’t we know a good kind of legend?
 Like an athlete or a movie-star?
 Why does it have to be an evil-wannabe prankster?
 Jim – Beggars can’t be choosers I guess.

 Morgan, that v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v
-
"I love you."
 "I love you too."
 They were quiet for a few minutes.
 "Rick," Marie finally began, "maybe I should wait another day."
 He didn't respond right away.
 "It won't be any easier tomorrow.
 And I can't promise I'll be able to stop myself if we start-start kissing again."
 He was right.
 And she didn't think she'd stop him even knowing that they would end up making love.
 Half an hour later Marie sat up.

 to monitor her breathing. He was getting to the point where she felt he had to contain himself.
-
I didn't particularly like them, but it would keep until I was actually hungry, and Mom would count the bottles as a way of determining how many meals I was missing.
 I thought about taking a second bottle, but they were too expensive to pour down a sink, and I knew I wouldn't be hungry enough to finish up the first, let alone a second meal.
 The tinny blare of a car horn pulled me out the front door.
 Britney was waiting outside with her heater going full blast.
 I was surprised at how cold it was with the sun still struggling to get above the mountains.
 Of course it wasn't cold enough for me to need a heater, but I also wasn't wearing Britney's shorts, which looked like they were even shorter than the ones she'd worn the day before.
 It was amazing what the administration was letting everyone get away with.
 Of course, if I had legs like some of these girls, I'd probably be joining in.
 Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
 The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.

 at the dark shot of my naked face in the photos of Britney, and then over to the photo
-
They...remind me of a really terrible thing that happened, so when people make a big deal out of them it's like it's all happening again."
 Rachel nodded slowly, her wonderfully expressive face full of sympathy.
 "I'm sorry to have pried like that.
 If I'd known it would make you feel bad, I wouldn't have asked."
 I tried to shrug indifferently, but she seemed to see through my pretenses.
 "I normally wouldn't have said anything, but knowing what I know now, I wouldn't want you to go through the next several days hurting inside because you think everyone looking at you out of the corner of their eye is ridiculing you."
 Confident she didn't really need help, and eager to avoid further reminders of just how broken I was, I'd been standing to return to my desk.
 The words were plenty foreboding, but they had an impact all out of proportion from what they should have.
 I sank back into the chair and turned towards Rachel.
 Not enough to actually make eye contact with her, just enough I hopefully didn't come off rude.

 didn't turn either. I held my head steady, clearly uncomfortable. If she'd wanted
-
Why wasn’t I allowed a straight answer in this stupid world?
 I heard a faint clang ahead.
 I walked faster and with ever step the noise got louder.
 When the ground became completely flat, I stopped at the scene in front of me.
 Seth spun around, bringing his sword up to block Kojas’ swords.
 Kojas pulled his swords back and slashed through the air.
 Seth ducked and stabbed at his opponents’ middle.
 Kojas brought his sword down and swiped Seth’s.
 It twisted out of Seth’s grip and fell to the ground.
 I wanted to scream, but I couldn’t.

 a little farther ahead, I didn’t see a single burden. They weight as much as the
-
Rodregas threw himself toward the last guard.
 He blocked the sword blow with his borrowed shield but did not have the angle to avoid a direct impact.
 The sword sliced through the shield and Rodregas jerked his arm back fearing that he would lose it.
 Rodregas managed to get in close and, abandoning his useless short sword, grabbed his opponent’s shield and pulled him in.
 The guard tried to shrug him off, his bearded face looked afraid.
 His eyes, a light blue, stared at Rodregas with revulsion.
 He was probably wondering how Rodregas could be strong enough to take on an Immortal Guard.
 Rodregas knew from the guard’s fear that he had him, he was not thinking clearly.
 Rodregas growled at him, letting him feel his anger and rage at taking slaves to be used by the Immortalists.
 Rodregas had seen what would happen to them.

 Maester stood at the end of a Ridge with guards.<eop> Rodregas watched when the new
-
The facility where Brandon was staying was nearly a nine-hour drive from our home.
 We talked to Brandon on the phone occasionally and every time we did it was as if a cloud was slowly lifting and he was starting to think more clearly.
 He seemed to be growing up.
 He had never really matured like his younger brother because in his world of drugs he was not living reality.
 Easter was rolling around and we planned on visiting him with the family, but only if he completed certain parts of his program by Easter.
 If so, he would be allowed a LOA (Leave Of Absence) for the day.
 If not, we would have Easter with him at the facility.
 He would have been an inpatient for over two months by then, and the Narconon program would keep him as long as they needed until he was ready to graduate or until he left on his own.
 We could only hope that Brandon stayed with the program and left only when he had the tools to stay off the dope.
 In the meantime, I handled the balance of Brandon’s court appointments with a power of attorney and I dealt personally with Officer White to have his charges dropped.

 fine and played golf with the former community youth team soccer squad, never having to watch a game of
-
As the limitations of the League led to renewed conflagration two decades later, so the arrangements underlying the establishment of the UN contained within them the seeds of the confrontation between the superpowers and the Cold War.
 The present international system of governance is as far from being truly representative and ‘democratic’ as many erstwhile authoritarian governments that incorporated the popular adjective in the names of their parties or states.
 The UN Charter assigns primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security to the Security Council of 15 members, of whom five are permanent members with veto power over all matters.
 In no other constitution or organization founded on democratic principles is it accepted that a few members may thus invalidate the decisions of the majority.
 The General Assembly, in which all members are represented and which is headed by an elected Secretary, is only an advisory body, constituted to ‘discuss any questions relating to the maintenance of international peace and security’ and to ‘make recommendations with regard to any such questions to the state or states concerned or to the Security Council or both’.
 This authorization is restricted by the provision that in regard to any dispute or situation in which the Security Council is exercising its functions under the Charter, the General Assembly will not make any recommendations with regard to the dispute or situation unless the Security Council so requests.
 It may have been the wisdom of the great powers to fashion this non-democratic structure and maintain it, so long as the superpowers and the military blocs stood in firm opposition to each other, and so long as military power was a primary factor in world affairs.
 Equally, it will be wisdom now to recognize that this system is no longer justifiable or tenable.
 The end of the East–West confrontation, the rise of economic power and economic issues to a dominant position in international relations, the proliferation of new member countries from the developing world, and, most importantly, the emergence of development along side peace as a primary mission of the UN system, are all arguments for radical change.
 The same rationale that warrants an insistence on the adoption of democratic institutions and democratic rights within all member countries also justifies their adoption by the international community.

 needs to grow as a power bloc or a global leader and have important economic and strategic disputes where none
-
When my wife and I heard sirens or the phone rang late at night, we always thought the worst.
 Certain police or crime television shows would give us lumps in our throats as we would silently look at each other and know we were thinking the same thing… that might be our son.
 One afternoon while I was at work, Lisa was trying to help Brandon out by organizing some of his bills.
 Brandon told her that he needed to run a quick errand.
 She called me later that day and said she had lost track of him and he wasn’t returning her calls or answering his phone.
 All the usual horrible thoughts began to surface in our minds.
 The day turned into night and we still hadn’t heard from him.
 Close to midnight, as Lisa and I watched a movie together in the dark, there was a loud banging at our back sliding glass door.
 Our dogs went crazy—they were as startled as we were.
 Who the fuck was at our back door?

 I went back upstairs to sneak a little peek and confirm we believed the sound was “our son”
-
The flames consumed his body in seconds, and flaring from the circle went the multi-colored energy of his magic, the one element that the circle was designed to protect from the flames.
 His magic power shot out of the circle and started orbiting the larger circle.
 He was completely gone.
 Rodregas excitedly thought, “Victory!” He had done it.
 He had killed the Immortalist Sorcerer Ravenhurr.
 The multi-colored energy of his magic swirled around the outer circle and was sucked into the empty vessel of the young man.
 The magic energy throbbed and Rodregas could feel the ritual screaming for the final release of the magic; there was no way to save anyone else.
 Rodregas would probably die in the next few seconds in the magical backlash of the failed spell, but he thought that he had understood the meaning of the final trigger words used in the rehearsal.
 Rodregas’ years of rejecting his early upbringing made him embarrassed to say the words, but he reached down into that deep, nearly empty place where his little bit of power still sparked.
 Rodregas reached deep inside and pulled that spark of power up until he felt the tingle and inner sensation that he always inelegantly called ‘my itch.’ Rodregas filled his words with the power and the intent behind them.

 has repercussions for the people in the world. You believed you can save someone else and you did your
-
It’s that first jump that’s scary.
 After that, it’s all magic—after that I knew who I was.
 CM:  	Black Lung was born when you were only 14?
 BG:  	Yeah, that’s right.
 Wild, huh?
 CM:  	Hm.
 BG: 	And then, summer came.
 The summer between freshman and sophomore years.
 I really started to make my mark.
 My first good song—I wrote it then: “All Roads Lead to Roaming.”

 '80s, but yes, you know how much we need rock. CM: Strange as
-
Existing trade barriers by the industrial nations to textile exports cost developing countries an estimated $50 billion annually.
 The complete elimination of these barriers could result in a doubling of textile exports by developing countries.
 This labour-intensive industry can be another engine for job creation in developing countries and rising demand for technology and capital goods from the industrial nations.
 The progressive reduction, leading to the eventual elimination, of barriers to trade in agricultural products and textiles is an important step that can substantially improve the employment opportunities of people in developing countries.
 5.Improve access to markets: The most important structural change in the world economy over the past 35 years has been the five-fold increase in the world share of manu factured exports gained by the developing countries as a group, up from 4 per cent to 19 per cent, compared with a current market share of about 13 per cent each of the United States and for Japan.
 Although 54 per cent of these manufactures come from five top exporting countries, a large number of countries export more than $1 billion in this category annually.
 This has opened the door for self-reliant growth in many developing countries.
 This growth could have been considerably more impressive but for constraints placed on it by both tariff and, particularly, non-tariff barriers.
 The latter have proliferated in recent decades and affected almost half of OECD imports during the 1980s.
 By the end of 1990, there were more than 200 export-constraint arrangements involving product groups of impor tance to developing countries.

 emerging market area of the OECD is certain to make a major contribution to the growth of the world economy
-
I just feel left out of everything that's going on.
 I know you don't want to get me any more deeply involved with 'dangerous information', but it really sucks sometimes."
 Alec gazed at me for several seconds, and then sighed.
 "If you would like to come watch, you may.
 Give us half an hour, and then ask Donovan to show you the way."
 I felt my face break into a huge smile, but he held a hand up to forestall my thanks.
 "This is all still very much against my better judgment, but I'm finding it increasingly hard to refuse you the things you want the most."
 "Somehow I find that hard to believe.
 Even if it were true, you're hardly the type to give away the upper hand by coming out and telling me so."
 Alec's eyes had taken on the serious, resigned expression that'd become disturbingly commonplace lately.

 Strength in the Heart was gone. "Ah, how I miss that." "Something
-
Prescription drug abuse is an epidemic which claims the lives of our youth.
 photo by Devin DeHaven, 2011
 I hope that this book and the website http://www.rxdrugaddict.comcan help addicts better understand that they are not just destroying themselves but also their family and friends.
 I hope they can see that they could have long and productive lives if they chose to feel life instead of numbing it.
 I also hope this can help people to think about their defining moments and to never give up on their addicted loved ones.
 Expecting someone to just stop being addicted is as absurd as asking someone to stop having cancer.
 These addicts need professional help from those who are trained in this field.
 We are ignorant and ill prepared to help and understand an addict and that ignorance could be deadly.
 We can only pray that these addicts can overcome their addiction and start living a clean and sober life one day at a time.
 ~Bradley V. DeHaven

 SA THE LOVE STALL: Report upon an outstanding book by Devin DeHaven, 2011 which
-
Brandon was the one who was saving us, and if that wasn't out of the ordinary, I didn't know what would be.
 Only he'd said in his note not to say anything to anyone.
 Of course.
 He was testing me, making sure I was going to keep quiet about what he'd done.
 Probably because he didn't want any of the praise for such a selfless act.
 I was usually a pretty lousy liar, but it isn't really a lie if you both know the truth.
 "Brandon, you can trust me.
 There isn't anything odd going on.
 At least nothing odder than normal for Sanctuary."
 Brandon looked at me for several seconds, and then chuckled.

 "Okay, Chris, to be real," Brandon said softly. "Dead has a
-
“He was so good to come and just leave at the last moment,” she added.
 Rodregas thought she was going to start hugging the Nymph again, but she caught herself and came over to him and gave him a careful hug and started fussing with his pillows.
 Rodregas wanted to pull her closer and inhale her scent.
 He had thought that he was going to die, an experience that Rodregas of late knew too often.
 He wanted to pull Imeralda down into the bed and celebrate being alive.
 His body was probably too weak to do more than cuddle, but Imeralda seemed to be acting very friendly with the healer.
 Rodregas was not sure if something had changed between them while he was healing.
 The possibility that he had lost what they had just started to explore together made Rodregas’ heart heavy.
 “So, I have been wanting to ask you a question,” said Jordaan.
 “Are the two of you related?

 ery asked as she passed the healer beside her. The radar let his neck rest on her
-
CM:  	Tell us what you know about them.
 BG:  	(sighs)  Ok.  Let’s see.
 From the taping session there’s a version of “I’m Not Your Stepping Stone,” which we used to use to warm up.
 It’s raw—actually not bad for all its rawness.
 Sometimes overcooking leads to worse performances.
 There’s a live version of “A Marriage of Rue,” which is just horrendous.
 I’m not sure which concert it comes from but I’m guessing an early one.
 It doesn’t sound like we’re even playing the same song.
 And Skippy sounds like he’s off in Oz—he was often a lost mook.
 CM:  	What else?

 : Too dry. BG: (sighs) Ok. Let’s go see
-
She must have filled him in on my problem.
 I resisted the urge to touch him.
 I always wanted to touch him.
 “Frey,” Chevelle began in a measured tone.
 I cut him off, trying to sound calm.
 “What happened?” “It would seem the council has attacked us.” I was too numb to draw in the quick breath I expected.
 My cheeks tingled.
 I didn’t think I could feel my hands.
 “Attacked you,” he clarified.
 Something came out of my chest that sounded like a moan.

 back toward the building. Chevelle took my hands in his and started to close the door.<eop>
-
A conscious shift of focus could lead to the development of more labour-intensive production processes.
 The production of more food to meet the needs of a burgeoning population has been one of the outstanding global achievements of the post-war period.
 It has demonstrated the extraordinary capacity of humankind to meet a collective challenge of monumental proportions.
 It has harnessed the power of science and technology for the most cherished of purposes – preserving human lives.
 It has released the initiative and pride of long suppressed peoples to achieve self-sufficiency and determine their own destinies.
 It has finally lifted the suffocating blanket of pessimistic economic determinism that has stifled human hopes and aspirations for nearly 200 years since Thomas Malthus first set forth the thesis that human population will always outrun the growth of food production, thus ensuring the perpetual poverty of humankind.
 The remarkable achievements of countries such as India, which at a time when famine threatened to claim millions of lives launched a massive national programme that increased foodgrain production by three-quarters, and China, which nearly doubled food grain production over the last two decades, are outstanding testaments to the accomplishments of people in many countries.
 Worldwide, production increases in major cereal crops are estimated to have provided enough food for more than a billion people.
 Food has become a symbol of our collective human endeavour to create a better world for all.
 But the victory has been partial and neither the challenge nor the opportunity which food presents have been fully addressed.

 vastly greater opportunity is available later in life for less than a few hours. Food was abundant in the
-
BG:  	Fever Tree.
 I’ll educate you, yet.
 We used to try to work up a version of “The Sun Also Rises” because I could make my voice sound like his raspy delivery—likewise Sky Saxon of The Seeds.
 Which is why “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” shows up on the bootleg, also.
 A better version of it, than “Sun”—actually part studio, part live, if you can dig that.
 At least, whoever put the fucker together had some chops, knew a thing or two—it’s a fairly seamless melding of two different versions of the song, incorporating a blistering solo I did on it live with a somewhat coherent rendering we put down at Ardent.
 “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” should have been huge for The Seeds, yet it only charted, barely.
 I think.
 So, most people think they only did “Pushin’ Too Hard.”  Their first album is actually really kick-ass, better than the Stones, if you ask me, better than 12 X 5, better than Out of Our Heads.
 Inexplicable, really, who makes it and who doesn’t.

 specifically, some artists did “Sweet Dream which maybe they can comment on, if you have any point
-
Character 1- (Shrugs his shoulders) After I found out that dad was really a convict, I found myself wanting to know more about him, so I started spending time near the local jails….
 (hears character 2 approaching and leaps behind the couch)
 Character 2- (enters the stage) Ok, where are you?
 Are you quite proud of yourself?
 You made yet another Doctor run screaming into the night.
 And you didn’t even get any drugs this time.
 Oh the things I have to go through to keep you sane.
 Where are you?
 Come out from hiding this instant!
 (wanders around stage looking for Character 1 until she finds him behind the couch)

 behind the couch anyway! (wonders around stage looking for Character 2 until she finds him
-
“Onto my shoulders,” Harruq suggested, grabbing Qurrah’s knees and hoisting him high.
 Qurrah latched onto the roof, paused, and then stepped onto Harruq’s shoulders.
 The extra height boosted his head and chest above the roof, allowing him to climb to the top despite a moment of flailing.
 Harruq clapped for him, and he smiled at the next roar from the orcs.
 It was a goofy smile, and Qurrah recognized the fear hiding behind it.
 “Hurry,” Qurrah said as Harruq climbed, using a windowsill as a foothold.
 Together, they stood upon the roof and gazed over the wall, mesmerized by the sight before them.
 Mere seconds away, hundreds and hundreds of orcs charged.
 Their race could see as well in night as in day.
 That same racial ability allowed the two brothers to watch the approaching orcs, lean muscle bulging underneath their sweat-glistened pale gray skin.

 one orc from the west, a nine-foot-tall orcha on an out-door
-
I fell back in amazement as he stepped into the pool of light that'd materialized as the clouds parted.
 The jeans were mundane, perfect, but completely normal for all that they were snug in all the right places and loose everywhere else.
 The shirt, unbuttoned in his haste to follow me, was also perfectly normal, entirely believable.
 Everything else, however, was too surreal to really grasp.
 The sculpted stomach and chest were exactly like I'd secretly imagined they would be, but my gaze was pulled instead up to the massive bandage covering most of Alec's shoulder.
 The bandage alone should have told me I hadn't been hallucinating, but the fragments of memory didn't coalesce until I saw his eyes.
 The amazing, pale blue eyes were the final, poetic piece of evidence threatening to shred my sanity.
 I'd never really liked Alec, but I never suspected he was an actual monster.
 It was too much to process so quickly.
 When Alec took a careful step towards me, all I could think of was that I'd just seen those same eyes hovering above bloodstained fangs.

 s' image, this was exactly the pic I was looking for. I needed clarity. I
-
Cliff and I postponed our move to San Francisco and went looking for work, which we found at Coffee Dan's restaurant in Grossmont Center, a mall we could see from the front yard of my mom's hilltop home.
 I was a pot washer six days a week, a split shift, 10-2 and 6-10.
 Sundays and late evenings I played with Liz.
 Before work and between shifts, I carried on where Eric had left off reading dark novels.
 One of them was Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoyevski.
 The story tells of Raskolnikov, a dropped out university student a few years older than me, who is possessed with a deep bitterness because he is brilliant but also poor.
 Both to save his sister from marrying a wealthy snob and to prove a theory of his, he decides to rob a pawnbroker, knowing that the act might require murder.
 His theory maintains that even acts of violence can be justified for certain special people who intend to use the results of violence for the good of all or many.
 The special people, whose brilliance and high intentions exempted them from society's laws, were to me the same supermen Nietzsche urged us to become.
 The novel put me into a fever.

 that goes back more than 20 years to Mr. Cheyevko, or any other person. I
-
I was far from an expert on roses, but I'd looked through pictures of hundreds of different kinds of tea roses, and never seen anything quite like this one.
 It was as big as some of the largest specimens I'd seen, and had at least fifty percent more petals than most of the 'very full' varieties I was familiar with.
 That in and of itself was pretty amazing, but nothing in comparison to the petals themselves.
 They were the purest white edged in a breathtaking purple.
 Equally amazing was just how velvety they were.
 They looked like the softest thing in the world, and cried out to be touched.
 I expected to be disappointed as I leaned in.
 Most of the prettiest roses aren't actually very fragrant.
 This one proved a surprise.
 The normal scent I'd come to associate with roses was there, with the slightest hint of something new, something better than anything I'd ever been exposed to.

 , is a sweet, far belly, and to be, would want to be kissed
-
But the All-Father did not kill any of these other challengers.
 It was his duty to support the Pantheon, even when they betrayed him.
 Yet his reaction to this newly created god, this incredibly powerful, magic-wielding new immortal, was to simply kill him; and that was the end of it.
 Centuries later, when the next Guild Master had ascended to the Celestial plane, she kept her ego in sharp check.
 The Sorceress Goddess Blodeuwedd was known for how helpful she was to the rest of the Pantheon, especially Allód.
 Rodregas had always assumed that this had been the point of killing Accerntorino; if mortals where going to become Celestial they would do so on the Celestials terms.
 He raised his hand up again and touched his face, feeling its strong, smooth, square jaw.
 The teeth were not the sore, crooked teeth that he had had to be so careful to chew with this morning.
 They were now strong and straight.
 His balding head was now covered in thick long curls, too beautiful for a man in his opinion.

 rode out of the tower, setting his torch with his dry hand. In comfort of his his horse
-
It seemed to be helping, so I closed my eyes and relaxed.
 The water started to chill several times, but I was hesitant to get out.
 At the risk of boiling myself, I eased the magic I’d been using to reheat the bath.
 Finally, I felt well enough to stand.
 I picked up one of the soaps and washed quickly, then pulled the water from the tub to rinse the suds away.
 I’d not had much opportunity to practice with water; I added it to the list of things to work on.
 It had been a long journey, and the bath was refreshing.
 The soap left a light fragrance in the air, smelling like morning and cold, and I wondered if the fairy dust was still affecting me.
 I dried off and dressed in the clothes Ruby had put out for me.
 They were a little snug, but not enough to have been her castoffs.

 into the nude, clean until I felt good enough.<eop> I finished my work at the mirror,
-
What does this mean?
 Nothing.
 But it made for interesting song material.
 I like some of the lyrics, which are a little plain, despite the ornate title of the song.
 CM:  	And, that’s just you and your guitar.
 BG:  	Right.
 Actually, recorded here at home, right over there, in the corner by the bookcases.
 I set up a mike in the corner, turned my back to the room, and used the wall of books as organic echo, a trick, I’m sure you know, that Robert Johnson employed to get his idiosyncratic vocal style.
 CM: 	No, I didn’t know that.
 BG:  	Oh, yeah.

 Then, the period at Condor College-- See, BG: Oh, that was what
-
I knelt down and smacked him across his good cheek.
 “Ow, what was that for?” he grunted.
 “I don’t have enough bruises for your liking?” “That’s for being a jerk and not telling us you were going to fight Kojas on your own,” I said angrily.
 “Hey in my defense, he found me first.” I opened my mouth to say something smart, but I hear Emily scream.
 I turned around to see Jason crash into a tree and not move.
 Seth jumped up and grabbed his sword from the ground.
 He ran for Kojas.
 Kojas turned around and looked like a kid on Christmas morning.
 He raised his sword to block Seth’s blow.
 Seth pulled back and parried Kojas’ swing.

 knocked the sword off his sword and went toward the tree. “The one kid there was from the
-
I was dumbfounded—he was like some shaman so I didn’t protest—and that hole in the amp is what gives my guitar such a weird sound on that cut.
 I had a fuzz pedal too—a Pep box, and an Astrotone, but, Jim wanted that Memphis thing, you know, he wanted to tie us into the whole mojo, from Sun, from Ike Turner, through Keith Richards on “Satisfaction”—which is a cop from Sam, don’t let anyone tell you different, through the swamp music of Mudboy—up to us.
 At this time, remember, I was like attached to the guitar, man.
 I could make an electric guitar sing, talk, chant, name your baby.
 It was just natural.
 So, yeah, I got a reputation—they started mentioning my name alongside Beck and Page and you know the list.
 I was airborne, man.
 CM: 	Just for the record here, no pun intended, lemme run down the listings on Turntable Poison.
 Side One: “Blues for Wendy Ward,”  “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  Side Two: “In Real Time Nothing Happens,”  “A Marriage of Rue,” “Hayley Mills’ Underpants,”  “For Kim Because it Went by so Fast,”

 that whole improvisation moves a stranger. It calls out an older voice from a past, a warm,
-
Or a premonition.
 Or, for all I know, I might have briefly died.
 The spell broke and left me sprawled in the Desert Inn.
 I lay still a while, sore all over, with a throbbing skull, wishing to go back to heaven.
 Then I got up, swallowed a few aspirin, and roused Eric to tell him about my adventure.
 “I was on one side of a bottomless gorge, looking across at this forest of evergreens and fruit trees, with all the colors so bright they looked lighted from inside.
 The forest was on an endless slope.
 There wasn’t any horizon.
 And the music, each note contained all kinds of harmonies, all at once.
 And the instruments sounded like giant bells, big as mountains, far away.” Eric had sat up.

 not even know if there was any time to come for me to go back too. I didn’
-
Kojas stepped to the side and blocked his path.
 Seth gazed up at him and I saw his eyes blaze in hate.
 “What do you want?” he snarled.
 “Seth, I think you know what I want.” “Never!” The faery chuckled and I saw his greasy hair bounce up and down.
 “You seriously think that I assumed you would walk away with me?
 Oh, I had no intention of it being this simple.” I knew what he meant, and I yanked my bow off.
 I pulled my arrow out and notched it, aiming it at Kojas’ back.
 “Jazell, wait!” I didn’t turn around as Emily and Jason skidded to a halt behind me.
 I didn’t drop my bow either.
 “Wait Jazell,” she panted.

 appear and growled his displeasure, his eyes sparking with hatred. “And what do you think is more
-
“Though I did read once that there was a way to steal life force and use it for yourself.” Chevelle shot her a stern rebuke from the front of the pack.
 She continued as if excusing herself, “But it was merely a fairy’s tale and probably not entirely accurate.” Then, in a lower voice, “It is fun to speculate, though.” I wiped at my cheek to clear the dampness from the mist, mirroring her low tone as I questioned her.
 “How would you steal life force?” “Well, like I said, probably not accurate… but you would have to take the other’s life in order to gain their power.
 Take it in a specific manner.” She noticed Chevelle glaring at her and clamped her mouth shut.
 I waited until he turned back around before I whispered, “Ruby, did you bring the magic book with you?” She smiled.
 “Can I read it?” She winked at me.
 I started to share her grin, but before I could, Chevelle was in front of us, his horse blocking my way.
 I was almost thrown from my saddle when we stopped to avoid running into him.
 He was angry again.
 “Frey.” “What?” “Do you remember the last time you used a spell?” I recalled the smell of burning flesh as the maps cut into my palms.

 me both a look. “I figure I did it once before. I had a long day,
-
Alec stretched and then shrugged.
 "School, just like every Monday."
 My groan brought a smile to his face.
 "I can ship pesky parents out of the country, but if you start a wholesale program of cutting class your mom will find out when she gets back."
 "So I just go about my day like normal, pretending like I don't know Brandon's a psychopath who just happens to be able to change shapes at will and rip big holes in brick walls?"
 I finally rolled out of bed, and started picking through the pile of bags from our shopping trip, hoping to find something that wouldn't make it look like I'd just won the lottery or robbed a bank.
 "Now you know how Rachel feels.
 I'm afraid that with only a couple of differences, it'll be business as usual."
 I finally settled on a white button-up, and headed to the bathroom so I could change.
 "So are you going to tell me what the differences are, or is that part of the stuff I'm not allowed to know?"

 you going to tell me what the differences are and then ask me why it's frustrating you?
-
He undid the first button on her dress.
 "I want you, Marie," he rasped, raising his head to look into her eyes.
 Marie gazed into his eyes for a moment.
 "I can't!"
 she whispered hoarsely.
 "I can't do it.
 I can't do it!"
 She turned and ran to her room.
 Rick hurried after her.
 "I'm sorry!

 My name is Marie Russo. I want you to stay me here!" Rick squealed in her
-
“I’ll call home quickly to check with my parents.” I called home and my parents said I could go, which wasn’t much of a surprise.
 I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.
 Plus, our parents were close and Emily’s family was practically an extension of our own.
 We rode over to her house and parked our bikes in the garage.
 We knocked on the door and a woman answered.
 Emily’s mom was short, small and bony.
 Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.
 The woman definitely did not look her age at all, and she was still as beautiful as I imagined she was in her youth.
 She smiled warmly at us, her smile a reflection of Emily’s.
 “Hello girls, come in.

 I want to centralize a little bit.”<eop> Mai checked the door and saw our families were
-
“You don’t understand, you never will!
 They will consume you.
 The humans will consume us all.” Their hands shook as they spat out the words.
 I didn’t argue after that.
 I wouldn’t have been allowed to leave the castle anyway.
 Besides, it kept her from being paraded in front of so many visitors.
 I stopped again.
 I had been born in a castle.
 I sat with the journal for a long moment.
 There was no way to reconcile this information with my own thoughts, no way to fill in what the bonds had taken.

 to know what they meant.<eop> And then Jean told me she heard them ji-<unk><unk>
-
Studies of the return on investment from training programmes document the enormous benefits of continuously upgrading the skills of the workforce.
 Private sector investment in training will prove in adequate unless it is encouraged by incentives or complemented by greater public investment in this sector.
 Information Superhighways
 Information promotes political freedom, economic development and social justice.
 The transforming power of information under glasnost opened up Soviet society to events in the outer world and created widespread awareness of the alternative approaches and achievements of other nations.
 Information brought down the Berlin Wall, ended the Cold War and ushered the world into a new era.
 Information about economic opportunities and potentials is an essential ingredient, a catalyst, of the development process.
 In the past, development strategies have tended to place too little emphasis on the power of public awareness to release people’s energies and initiative on a massive scale.
 The vast accumulation of knowledge and new technology for rapid dissemination of information that the world possesses today can be utilized to increase the speed of change, eliminate many false starts and wrong turns and much unnecessary suffering.
 The goals and strategies recommended in this report aim to accelerate the process of political, social and economic development by creating greater public awareness of desirable and achievable objectives and releasing the initiative of individuals and institutions to pursue them more vigorously.

 and social justice Information is an indispensable aspect of the process of leadership and transformation. It promotes political freedom
-
The goals and strategies recommended in this report aim to accelerate the process of political, social and economic development by creating greater public awareness of desirable and achievable objectives and releasing the initiative of individuals and institutions to pursue them more vigorously.
 Information is the most powerful catalyst for this process.
 The speed and extent of knowledge transfer are far from optimal between and within nations – even within industrially advanced nations – due to lack of information, out-dated attitudes and beliefs, lingering superstitions, and conventional wisdom.
 Ignorance and scepticism about new opportunities are characteristic of development at each stage and in every field of activity.
 Information about success stories helps overcome this resistance and spurs people to action.
 Enormous potentials are waiting to catch the attention of the society and take off at this moment.
 Proven technology exists in many fields that await application because people do not know or do not believe that it can be employed successfully.
 Imitation of intensive aquaculture methods commonly employed by farmers in Taiwan and Singapore can raise average fish yields in South Asian, African and Latin American countries 25-fold.
 Advanced methods for micro-nutrient management can double or quadruple fruit and vegetable yields in most developing countries.
 A complete list of proven but untapped technologies and commercial opportunities should be compiled for each country, each region and local area.

 following lessons have been incorporated into the work initiated by PI and Task Force Chairman Foss. The recommendations
-
I did everything I could think of to give them the best chance to succeed in life.
 I protected them from what I felt were bad influences, including, sadly, my brother, their Uncle Thomas, who had not been reformed in prison.
 He was an addict into horse racing.
 When my boys were in grammar school, our neighbor asked me who the man was who came to our home during the day while we were at work.
 He said that this guy, sometimes with another man, would enter our house through the garage with the keypad code.
 We knew nothing of this!
 The neighbor described the car, and the description matched Thomas’s car.
 I showed him a family photo and he identified Thomas as the guy.
 When I searched my house I found liquid Hydrocodone prescribed for horses.
 Thomas had been using my house as his daytime drug den.

 in trouble, and had done it both weekends at the same time, just to find out he didn
-
"I guess I'd better go get dressed."
 "OK." "I'm not going to take a shower.
 I've lain with you all night, and I want to have your scent on me as long as possible."
 He smiled a bit.
 "I'll go take this shirt off and put it in a bag."
 She went to her room and put on a set of black lace underwear and a set of emerald on top of that.
 Now that she knew Rick was the key to opening the door, she wasn’t worried that clothing from 2011 would keep her from getting back.
 She wanted to wear the black dress they'd bought for their trip to Hollywood, but she put on her Egyptian-motif dress, not wanting to shock her parents.
 She tucked Rick's handkerchief into her bra--bras--and then put on the silver bracelet he'd bought her in Tijuana.
 Finally she took Davis' betrothal ring from the little porcelain dish where it had lain since the night she'd realized she couldn't marry him.

 could stand the idea of running away from her loving husband and mil-pop singing about it about
-
Donovan looked up as we entered the suite.
 "I trust your mother was well, sir?"
 Alec nodded, a short choppy motion that eloquently conveyed his desire not to discuss the matter.
 He turned towards me, only to break off as a cell phone rang.
 "It's for you, probably your mom.
 Pretend you're home, I'll explain once you're finished."
 I almost dropped the phone, and probably wouldn't have managed to figure out how to answer the call in time if he hadn't reached over and pushed the green button for me.
 "Hello?"
 "Adri, honey, are you sure this is a good idea?
 I haven't gotten on the charter plane yet, there's still time to call this off if you're uneasy about being alone for so long."

 (... sub versa)? "No, it all seemed ten minutes ago that you
-
The whip struck at my head, forcing me back down.
 She circled me, cracking the whip every time I attempted to right myself.
 I couldn’t get a foothold.
 “Come now, Freya, you must defend yourself.
 Fight me.
 Stop me.” Snap!
 Snap!
 Snap!
 She was faster now, cracking the whip above me and at each side, moving again and again, closer and closer.
 I had to think of something but my mind could only concentrate on the snap of her whip.

 wings, powerful, fast, slow, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast,
-
They began whispering some very descriptive suggestions in my ears as they stroked their fingers through my hair.
 I can dual task with the best of them, but the offer I was getting in my ears conflicted with the vision across the table.
 I didn’t take my eyes off of Lisa but that wasn’t enough to keep the target of my affections seated while I was being propositioned by two beautiful brunettes.
 Lisa stood abruptly, looked rightfully angry and simply said, “It looks like you are busy,” and walked away.
 I thought my chances of getting her phone number were gone forever as she gathered up her girlfriend and left.
 Well, I did have “two birds in the hand” and it was Valentine’s Day so I managed to do with what I had and I just needed to find a way to track my future wife down .
 .
 .
 later.
 I did talk to my mother the next morning and told her that I had met the woman I was going to marry—and it wasn’t either of the two brunettes in my bed.

 ’t let myself lose my hunger for J. J.Bey. I we both saw when
-
He’s in here man, in me, in all the cats who came after.
 That’s Memphis.
 That’s what I’m talking about.
 You wanna talk heritage, Memphis is lousy with heritage, with a lineage like no place else.
 And it’s so pure, man.
 It runs like a crystal stream, or like Big Muddy, runs through all of us.
 I’m proud to be from Memphis, man.
 Don’t write nothing else.
 Don’t write that shit about Buddy Gardner sold his soul for California gold.
 That’s shit, man.

 real champions.<eop> Not the most qualified champions. But only the least qualified people. Not the most
-
Instead, the welcoming light of morning met his eyes when he leaned up and looked around.
 The elf smiled, then laughed.
 They had walked right over him but not seen him.
 “Thank you, Celestia,” he said, his smile remaining even as the pain in his ribs and shoulder reawakened.
 The stinging, however, paled compared to the previous night.
 He sat up, cradling his right arm.
 A look around showed no sign of Velixar or his undead.
 The morning continued to be full of delightful surprises.
 The elf pulled out a roll of thick cloth from a knapsack and began bandaging his wounds.
 “Aurelia, we need to talk,” Dieredon said while fashioning a sling for his right arm.

 the elf was putting on a high amount of pressure on hislan to keep the wound close and
-
Gene – Is that all?
 Jim – Well, now that you mention it…No.
 Gene – Here it comes, I couldn’t have just taken the sack and gone.
 Jim – Nope you couldn’t, which could give us the valuable time we need to come up with other stupid questions.
 Liz – Like where you picked up the Japanese?
 Jim – And if the tourists paid in Dollars or Yen.
 Eugene – I’ll see you two later.
 (Exits stage)
 Jim – After you declared yourself, did Gamura appear and challenge you to battle?
 Liz – Good bye Gene.

 like giving you more of my innermost feelings. Gene – Maybe you would try to satisfy me
-
Squonks cry themselves to death, dissolve in their own tears.
 That’s what I mean by the ironic twists to I Was A Child.
 This charge of self-pity, yeah, man, I’m on it, I dig.
 It’s right there on the album, if you really listened to it, if you listened with more than your ears, man.
 The repetition of “I’m crying”—almost three minutes of it, I know—it goes back to “I’m Gonna Sit Right Down and Cry Over You” and Lennon’s “I Want You.”  You know, you strip it down, you get right to the core phrase, the essential thing you wanna say—that’s what I’m getting at.
 I’m crying, yeah.
 My woman done gone.
 You get it?
 By the way, that’s Sebastian on the autoharp.
 CM: 	“Kill the Wabbit.”

 : “Kill the Grue.” T-shirt donning, for some sad reason, “
-
I huffed and panted while Cliff and Eric bounded as if every stride was downhill, yet for 2.3 miles I managed to keep up and sing along with our chorus of “Waltzing Matilda.” From then on, for us, to be on the beach meant something new.
 Besides tumbling through the waves, watching girls who filled us with trepidation and awe, dreaming of far places and freedom, it meant staring at the opaque sheen of eternity.
 On the Road
 Probably all of us high school seniors worried about the reality that soon we would be on our own, sent out to face a rather scary world.
 For a while, that was Eric’s obsession.
 The atom bomb threat had recently gotten re-stoked when Khrushchev and Kennedy held a stare-down to decide who could launch nuclear missiles from the western hemisphere and who couldn’t.
 At a coffeehouse near the college I would attend, we overheard people talking about Jack Kerouac and the Beat generation, which Kerouac described as all of us who grew up after Hiroshima and consequently understood just how fragile and tentative life was.
 The end of the world was a recurrent theme of these writers who got called the Beats.
 Any second some madman or tyrant could push the button.
 Kapow, our race is a goner.

 Jet Jet flew thus far on August 1, 2010. More on it later. But it is already
-
BG:  	Well, hell, yeah, I am.
 But, you know, I don’t want that out there yet.
 Look what it did to Dylan.
 He didn’t want to finish Tarantula, but, there was so much pressure on him and then someone circulated bootleg versions and the whole thing became uncontrollable.
 I can’t have that.
 I’d rather keep my plans private for now, dig?
 Can you keep that under your hat, Creole man?
 CM: 	Got a title?
 BG:  	Right now I’m callin’ it Great Expectations.
 CM: 	Uh—

 done, right now it’s New New Translation. CM: So, you know, I
-
"You're not afraid of heights, are you, sweetheart?"
 Rick asked as they stood in line to ride the "E.T."
 ride.
 "No.
 I don't think so.
 This doesn't go higher than our airplane, does it?"
 Rick laughed.
 "No.
 But it isn't enclosed.
 Just close your eyes if you get scared."

 s a few feet over the top of our airplane." Rick laughed. "No. That
-
I tried to sit up but my head spun.
 Before I’d moved an inch I was back down.
 My pulse pounded in my temples as I struggled to recall what had happened the night before.
 I hissed out a low oath when I remembered Ruby leaning toward me, blowing her glitter in my face.
 My eyes opened again to find Chevelle offering me a glass.
 I winced, unsure of what exactly I had said to him.
 I knew it was bad, but couldn’t quite piece it back together.
 I glanced up at him timidly.
 “Thank you,” I croaked as I took the cup, my hand trembling.
 “Shouldn’t have left you alone,” he said quietly.

 nick felt dizzy with the high and low sensations from the changes that had occurred before her. She
-
I miss it.
 CM:  	It surprises me to hear you say that.
 BG:  	I don’t know why it should.
 I was raised there, man.
 I played my first notes there.
 I imbibed that Southern funk as if it were honeyed air.
 You can take the South—wait, shit, how does that go?
 CM:  	You can take the boy out of the South…
 BG:  	Ok.  Yeah.
 Am I being inconsistent?

 not, I am looking for "that" Southern hip and fall single, and I am not
-
Jim – First of all those were perhaps the most ironic statements I’ve ever heard.
 It must be one of those instances of “takes one to know one.”  Secondly, I don’t know.
 I’m as confused as anyone as to why I’ve attracted Liz’s attention and kept it for all these years.
 But now that I know, I’m not going to complain.
 I’m just embarrassed that I never saw it before.
 Johnny – Is that all you’re embarrassed about?
 Jim – What do you mean?
 Johnny – Well you work as a Janitor, at least when you’re at school.
 You have a job where you wear your name on your shirt.
 Eugene – You don’t do all that well when you’re at school, and it’s not like you’re going to some high class college, you’re at a low end public university.

 The John Perrell forgotten trick is that you hang your name on your shirt one out of a million
-
Jim – She didn’t, the pile just seemed to appear about six months after she left.
 Then it started to multiply.
 I think he was making up for a lot of lost time.
 A lot of lost time.
 Liz – How did John find it?
 Didn’t your dad keep it hidden?
 Jim – Ill just say that there was a lot to hide.
 And to be able to have access to it, well there wasn’t any practical way to really keep it out of the hands of anyone who actually bothered to look.
 Liz – There’s that much?
 Jim – Dad could almost start his own shop with what he’s got so far.

 He’s got a fair bit of blind faith. And he didn’t make a clear thing
-
Antonil pointed to the wall, and he asked something which neither could hear when the orc army shouted another communal roar.
 “The Ekreissar will not aid you,” Dieredon said when the noise died.
 He shook his head, and a bit of sadness crossed his face.
 “We have been forbidden.
 Ceredon insists this is a minor skirmish, nothing more.
 We are not the keepers of man.”
 “Minor skirmish?” Antonil shouted.
 “What about the necromancer traveling with them?
 You’re the one who said he was dangerous, that he might be…”
 Another communal roar, even closer.

 were not linked to people standing in front of the wall, but the Orc army, patient,
-
They're made for the water."
 She watched as the actors climbed towers, rode hand trolleys on cables, jumped from shattered platforms into the water.
 And when the heroine shot the villain, causing his jacket to catch on fire, Marie screamed.
 It was so real, and she gripped the edge of her seat as she waited to see what would happen after he fell into the water.
 The villain jumped up on the platform to make his bows with the rest of the cast.
 Marie raised wide eyes to Rick's face as they stood to leave.
 "Was that man who was on fire hurt?"
 "No.
 He'll do another show in a couple of hours."
 "How do they do that?"

 Well, obviously they're taking with them their repertoire of action." "Sure."
-
Liz – Then what do you call it?
 Eugene – Uh, noticing my natural good looks and complementing me in a positive manner about them.
 Liz – (Frowning) How long has it been going on?
 Eugene – I dunno…
 Jim – Better him than me.
 Liz – Jim!
 Gene?
 How long?
 Eugene – A month or so maybe.
 Liz – Just after her fight with father.

 I have had these mirrors on and off for a long time. Eugene – Ever face or kiss
-
Yet the increasing speed of globalization has accentuated a contrary tendency toward increasing fragmentation.
 The pull of fragmentation cannot be countered solely at the political level.
 Education – both formal and public – is the best means for rapidly communicating and imparting the benefits of integration to the largest numbers of people.
 In order fully to harness cultural potentials for development, we need to understand better the natural process of value formation in society, to discover the circumstances and conditions under which new values are accepted, and the factors that retard or facilitate this process.
 In other words, we need to evolve a theory of value formation which will ultimately enable us to consciously identify and instil values that are most conducive and supportive of a peaceful, prosperous life for all humanity.
 The collective progress of humankind will achieve its maximum velocity when we have discovered how to consciously accelerate the process of values acquisition.
 The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
 Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness
 The following strategies can be carried out by both govern mental and non-governmental agencies at the national and international level to achieve the goals set forth in this report:
 International level

 level of the EU intends to pursue a pre-emptive stimulus to the development of literacy as critical devices
-
She slipped her hand into his, something she never would have done in 1927.
 "This has to be as strange for you as it is for me.
 But you've treated me so well, almost-almost as if you knew me."
 He looked down at the small hand in his.
 "I, um, I-I've read a lot about the 1920s.
 When I finally realized that you really were from 1927, I-I thought it would be interesting to talk to someone from the ‘20s."
 He looked up with a smile.
 "What do beautiful 23-year-old girls do for fun in 1927?"
 "It depends on the 23-year-old girl."
 She returned his smile.

 astonished at his age. "Your god knows me so well in 1927." Will she let
-
We went down to the nurse’s station and said, room 1324 checking out.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now.
 But, then, it was like we were doing something extraordinary and perhaps not entirely wholesome.
 We drove home in compete silence.
 And when we got home, we undressed as if it were all scripted, as if this was the end of that chapter.
 And when we were both naked, we fell together into the bed.
 And we fucked and cried and cried and fucked and it was all ok.
 If only for a little while.
 It was shortly after this that I left Memphis for good.
 CM:  	You went to L.A.?

 : uh, this showed us have strong feelings and sensitive hold on Jesus, very close bond,
-
“I went and chatted with him,” she continued “and he hates the Immortalists, but is rather unpleasant and needs to take a bath.
 But he is also clearly very honorable.
 And when I asked him why he wanted to be a knight…” she paused then added, “he said that some ‘Infernally damned knights’ have to stand up and fight.” “So you think he is a good man?” Rodregas asked.
 “I think Geriodon is a ‘holier than thou’ stick in the mud, who needs to learn to bathe and not mumble when he speaks.
 And yes, he is probably one of the only men here that actually deserves knighthood.” Rodregas nodded and said, “What about Nordien?” “Nordien is the polar opposite to Geriodon; smooth and friendly… and tried to have sex with me within our first conversation, which was also the only decent thing he said during our conversation.
 He seems to really dislike Geriodon and Karun.
 He comes from a strong blood line and rich family and feels he should already be a knight and not be forced to be in the tournament.” “So, why is Nordien in the tournament and not knighted?” Rodregas asked.
 “From what I can gather, Nordien is very friendly with the Immortalists, including the Ambassador Van’dret, and most people believe that he only wants to be knighted so that he can then leave the knighthood and join the Immortal Guard.” Rodregas nodded.
 That was not too surprising; since such ex-knights are usually made officers.
 Greater sigils were much more rare in the Guard than the knighthood, not to mention the officers of the Immortal Guard lived in much nicer style than the knighthood.

 found myself reading Rom 1. 50: 61. When they crafted they usually had a lot of big
-
And you didn’t need any more to get in the way.
 Besides, I wanted to catch up with Sumo here.
 Art – That stupid comic book still…
 Jim – Well yeah, I don’t know anyone in the real world named Sumo.
 Art – What about that fat kid down the block?
 Wasn’t he nicknamed Sumo?
 Jim – That was Tubbo, and it was only a nick name we gave him.
 I wanted to name him Sumo, but he refused to wear the loincloth.
 Art – I don’t blame him.
 Jim – Neither do I, but still, it would have been funny to see.

 Art – Oh that is useless. I have less money and less time. I know we know
-
I didn’t know how to convince him.
 Was it too soon for me to learn?
 I knew there was an order to the spells, knew you must earn the knowledge.
 If you went too fast or out of sequence you could endanger yourself.
 “There is no hurry,” he tried to persuade me.
 “There is,” I insisted.
 “I am running.” I didn’t know why I chose that word.
 I wasn’t bound here.
 Leaving would have sufficed, but it felt like running, felt like escape.
 And I knew I was trapped.

 own pursuit of it................
-
“Make it bleak and vile.
 If you are to darken someone’s dreams, your own mind must be just as dark.”
 Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.
 “Send the image to me, my apprentice.
 Let me have the anger, the darkness, and the despair.”
 Velixar lurched backward as the memory rammed into his mind.
 Qurrah was unpracticed, and his delivery brutal.
 Still, the vision did come, clouded and chaotic.
 _A gang of children slept on a stack of hay.
 They were filthy, scrawny, and diseased.

 emerged from the stack of hay with a steel blade powered by blasts from a ge gun.
-
What’s it feel like there?” “You know when you’re away from home and no matter how great a time you’re having, you’re still a bit uneasy, so when you get home you always feel relieved?
 You unwind, your heart slows.
 Nothing can hurt you now.
 That’s how it felt.” “You’re a lucky guy,” Eric said, in a more wistful tone than I had ever heard him use.
 Freedom
 Driving through Los Angeles, thinking is dangerous.
 An instant of distraction can get you killed.
 I turn off the I-pod and for some moments attend to driving.
 But I can’t give up remembering Eric, and memories I left behind long ago appear.
 I recall that I wrote my first complete story at Eric’s house.

 remember, that day, even knowing those words, I didn’t even even think about it.
-
It unsettled me a little that such a simple statement could cause industrial-sized butterflies to spontaneously appear in my stomach, so I tried to push the thought out of my mind.
 I hesitantly returned Rachel's tentative smile, and then dug into my homework.
 Mrs. Campbell stopped by for a few minutes, obviously checking to make sure that I was over my aberrant behavior from yesterday.
 I got the feeling she would've liked to chat for a bit longer, but we had the predictable surge in attendance given the coming test.
 I gave her my best reassuring smile as she left, and then watched as she and the other tutors all bounced from one student to the next answering questions.
 As much as I would have liked to just call it a day, another good effort added to what I'd done earlier would put me two or maybe even three days ahead of my personal schedule.
 With a sigh of resignation I found my place on the page again, and started sorting out another set of variables.
 Forty-five minutes later I'd nearly completed another two sections, and was more than ready for a breather.
 Sometime while I'd been studying, most of the kids had left.
 I hadn't expected all of them to stay until my shift started, but I'd expected more than the two or three I usually had.

 room was full of kids again, and we had our excuse to start on another piece of my next
-
She wanted to marry him.
 But she wanted to go home too.
 "I hope my mother doesn't faint when she sees me."
 "You really miss her."
 "Yes.
 There have been times in the last five weeks when I really needed her.
 Needed to talk to her."
 "When you get back, what are you going to talk to her about?"
 "You."
 Fresh tears ran down her cheeks.

 not going to be the great. Her mother was really suffering. She wasn't having any luck
-
Art – Ah yes, where was I?
 Karen – You were eventually going to inform me what you feel I should call you.
 Art – I prefer Art.
 It’s my name.
 Well short for Arthur.
 Karen – I mean your replacement for ‘pervert’.
 Something to explain why you, a man self-professed to not being interested in art, is so knowledgeable about Miss Struan.
 Art – Ah yes, well how about ‘Father of Elizabeth’s best friend’?
 It doesn’t really roll off the tongue like ‘Art’ does, on the other hand Art is rather harsh itself.
 Art.

 communication of intelligence, intellect being the French translation of the word ‘ass’. Art. Talking of
-
I gritted my teeth in annoyance.
 I’m sick and tired of your riddles, whoever you are.
 Just give me a straight answer or I can’t do anything.
 It all comes down to this.
 What is coming?
 I cried out in frustration.
 It didn’t reply to me again, so I continued to walk down the hill.
 What did I have to stop?
 What was so important?
 Why wasn’t I allowed a straight answer in this stupid world?

 to be dumb? Why was I allowed to stay stupid? Why was I allowed to be dumb?
-
Britney was watching the door when I arrived.
 She didn't even bother trying to mask the flash of satisfaction that crossed her face when I walked in late, obviously having spent the last little while waiting for her.
 I wanted to scream, or maybe cry.
 It was amazing how quickly a perfect day could go down the tubes.
 I turned towards my normal table, and Rachel caught my eye.
 Sitting in a pool of light from one of the overhead skylights, she looked like Britney's antithesis.
 Smiling, happy to see me, and obviously already having forgiven me for my weirdness from the day before.
 I smiled back and sat down, relieved the most important parts of my social life had survived.
 Britney might hate me, I might have lost the cool factor resulting from all of the rumors about my imaginary boyfriend having died in a car wreck, but Brandon still miraculously wanted to spend time with me, and Rachel was still shaping up to be the best friend any girl ever had.
 It was too bad the two nicest people I'd ever met hadn't been born in the same family.

 brother of whom I seriously supposed to be dating, Toby Keith, had died in his car wreck the
-
~ A servant brought a letter to my room this morning.
 It was from my father, informing me I’m to prepare for a banquet.
 I’ve put on my formal attire.
 I wonder what sort of tricks he’ll want me to perform for our guests.
 How will he display my talents this time?
 I understand he needs to show strength in his position, but it seems as if he’s being a bit obvious.
 ‘Look at my freak of nature.
 See what she can do?’ I’ll be too tired for anything but sleep tonight or I’d try sneaking out when he was occupied with visitors.
 Maybe he’ll give me a break from training tomorrow.
 ~ Father hasn’t left his room this morning.

 calls while he’s busy with my letters to our guests. Maybe he will allow me to hide
-
Resolving Local Conflicts: The Commission concluded that the end of the Cold War made it possible to successfully resolve problems that had resisted solution for decades, such as the many violent communal and ethnic conflicts occurring in the world.
 The near total cessation of violence in North Ireland during the past 10 years is proof that rapid progress can be made on issues involving apparently intractable communal sentiments.
 This achievement appears astounding to those who lived through the earlier decades of religious violence and until recently found it nearly impossible to imagine a mitigation of the conflict in the foreseeable future.
 We would do well to examine closely this instance to draw lessons that may aid in addressing those conflicts that continue to defy resolution.
 The most striking lesson of the Irish experience is that rapid development absorbs and dissipates the urge for violence.
 The dramatic economic advancement of the Republic of Ireland – whose per capita GDP rose within the past 20 years from less than 60 per cent that of UK to 95 per cent in dollar terms and 130 per cent in terms of purchasing power parity – has eliminated the disparity between Ireland and Ulster and fostered among the Irish in both countries a sense of pride, an expansion of employment opportunities, and a more focused channelling of social energies into productive activities.
 Economic growth in the region was augmented by the systematic efforts of the British government to eliminate the active discrimination against the minority Catholic population of North Ireland in housing and employment as well as the segregation of Catholic and Protestant education.
 Violence has subsided, yet a political solution still defies the policymakers, because some of the root causes of the problem buried far in the past have not yet been adequately addressed.
 A steady and concerted effort for permanent solution in Ireland will demonstrate the possibility and provide the knowledge necessary for addressing other intractable communal problems around the world.
 A comprehensive approach to a permanent solution must include social, economic, education and cultural elements.

 and generations of withstanding violence and ethnic conflicts, mutual respect is the major objective of this country as
-
He kept staring at that guy’s face and blubbering, saying he didn’t mean to.
 That’s all he said, over and over.
 He didn’t mean to.
 He tried to stop.
 We burned the body and haven’t ever talked about it since.”
 Silence filled their clearing as Harruq’s story ended.
 “I asked for the first time you killed,” Aurelia said after an agonizingly long pause.
 “I know,” Harruq said.
 “And I did.
 I brought Perry to Qurrah.

 back so I couldn’t see anyone else or disturb my work. All at once, he started
-
be like we were married?"
 "No."
 He raised her palm to his lips.
 "I want to make love to you more than I want anything in the world."
 He watched her face grow red.
 "But I knew that you wouldn't want to."
 She held his hand in both of hers, playing with his fingers.
 "And-and it feels as good as--as good as kissing?"
 "Better.
 Much, much better."

 themselves, leaned forward against the wall next to the "Damn..."<eop> "
-
I was sitting at the bar with Bill, just a twenty-two year old kid, when a vision walked in.
 She stopped just a few steps inside the door.
 She wore purple high waist pants and a cream colored blouse that went all the way to her neckline with ruffled edges framing her stunning face.
 Her long blond hair flowed down to her shoulders.
 If I could put a caption over her head, it would have read, “If you talk to me, I will kill you.” She looked completely out of place, and her blue eyes lit up the room.
 Her silent stare suggested that she was not there to be picked up or even approached.
 She was not the typical girl entering an 80’s bar and dance club.
 My mouth must have dropped open as I watched her every move; she appeared to be looking for someone in particular.
 I looked at my friend Bill and I swear I said to him: “I am going to marry that girl!” We hadn’t been there long, and I wasn’t drunk or impaired in any way, I just remember she seemed to be literally glowing, and I knew.
 I had never felt this before and I have never felt it since.

 looked into Bill’s eyes, liquid glowing from his face. I saw what he thought. Nearly
-
She still didn't look very happy, but there was a trace more self-control to her face than a few minutes before.
 "Britney, despite spending at least an hour at the tutor lab each afternoon, the quality of your homework hasn't come up in the slightest, so I took the liberty of talking to your father yesterday."
 Britney's gasp had all the dramatic effect you'd expect out of someone who'd spent the last decade of her life getting away with pretty much whatever she wanted.
 She was obviously pretending to be sorry, all the while figuring her current trouble would blow over quickly enough if she just played her cards right.
 "Your father agrees with me that your studies should be your highest priority, so you'll be staying an extra hour starting today, and ending once your performance improves.
 Of course you can always continue to just waste your study time, but if you choose to do that I've been assured that additional penalties will follow quite rapidly starting with the loss of your car."
 The next gasp was less impressive, but tangibly more genuine.
 Even my being next couldn't stop a flash of satisfaction at the way Britney was finally having to face some of the consequences of her actions.
 Mrs. Campbell dismissed her with a wave, waiting until she'd left, shutting the door with a tad more force than strictly necessary.
 "While I can't for a moment understand why you've chosen to befriend Britney, I can't fault you on your willingness to help her despite her flaws."

 assistant when she was a child, was the main reason in p. 53, of Her Nature and
-
I'd explain the unexplainable later.
 “Aim for the neck!” I shouted to the both of them.
 “It's their weak point.” They both nodded in agreement.
 Jason spun around and began to stab them as I suggested.
 He ducked and I say their number start to drop because of his quick reflexes.
 The swarm's size was reduced to half.
 The syphons were starting to look uneasy, hesitating before they flung themselves at us.
 It didn't matter to me.
 “Retreat!” one of the voices yelled.
 “Fall back!” They gave one more angry hiss at us and disappeared into the woods.

 heard them. The doesn't matter to me. It doesn't matter to Jason.<eop>
-
.
 ."
 She sighed, taking a bite of yogurt.
 "He works hard.
 We really don't spend much time together."
 "Do you miss him?"
 "Yes.
 He must be out of his mind with worry."
 "Why do you love him?"
 Her eyes flew to his face.

 why do you love him?" "Why use your strength because he's scared"
-
“Where to?” he asked instead.
 Qurrah glanced outside the door.
 “The battle is moving on.
 Follow me.”
 “Lead on,” he said, trudging after his brother into the daylight chaos.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Out the window Aurelia stared, frowning as she watched the battle unfold.
 “Aurelia,” called a voice from behind.
 She turned to see a female elf, a friend of hers from many years before she moved to Woodhaven.

 , this is Nasrah,- she only had moments to find Him. Total sway from now.
-
It makes me cringe to merely think of it.
 The elders were there, though.
 My father and the others waited in the throne room, arranging a celebration.
 I had read everything I could obtain on the process during my pregnancy and imprisonment in the castle, even finding a few books and scrolls on humans.
 But nothing prepared me for what happened.
 I had been walking when the pain struck—pacing my room with worry, if I were truthful.
 It hit suddenly, a stabbing, ripping, horrible thing.
 My screams called everyone to order, but then it subsided.
 However, it was only long enough to catch my breath and then it was back tenfold.
 I writhed in agony.

 rising my neck and head, there was a made-for-sonage sex force that had cut
-
“Now are you good and clear?” Seth stared at me, looked down at my arm and let go.
 He brushed his dirty hair away from his eyes and looked around.
 I blinked and shook my head.
 “Jazell!
 Seth!” I turned around and waved.
 Emily was running over with Jason on her heels.
 She slowed down and hugged me tight.
 Jason slapped Seth on the back and bent over to catch his breath.
 “Hey, where were you guys?” I asked.
 “We were looking around to see if it was safe,” Emily said.

 out of my body and ran to her and grabbed Jason. "Hey! Emily! Jason!
-
So, on long trips in my old Toyota I listen to hymns, gospel music and such.
 As I set off on this trip, half book promotion tour and half vacation, I’m wrestling with Brother Lawrence and the question, why don’t I adore God?
 I plan to drive up the West Coast, San Diego to Seattle, and stop over with Cliff Torrey in Atascadero and Bob Williams in Portland.
 Lots of years ago, I attended a Billy Graham crusade with these two friends.
 I listened, got moved, and turned to Christ.
 Cliff made a profession but, as far as I know, never followed up.
 Bob declined the invitation.
 What sent us to the crusade began with Eric Curtis.
 As I pass the beach camp at San Onofre where Eric and I spent a couple of my happiest weeks, I silence my I-pod and remember.
 Superman

 a fellow find he didn’t belong to Pippin. In that story, though, a guy
-
"Not like we were tonight.
 Don't you understand, Marie?
 When our kisses get that hot, it's hard for me to stop.
 I don't want to stop.
 I want to make love to you."
 Her face grew fiery, and she was silent for a few seconds, staring down at her hands.
 "I-I don't know what to say.
 I-I'm sorry."
 "You don't have to be sorry.
 You just need to know exactly what's happening.

 so building on you. Everything that we are beginning to model has been super-hyped. We
-
It didn't help when I realized we were being evaluated today.
 I fished out my notes and desperately tried to remember how to calculate some of the stuff we'd need to know in order to successfully get our weight up the ramp, over the obstacles, and otherwise to the appropriate destination using the minimum number of pulleys, the shortest ramp, and the thinnest string possible.
 Alec hardly even looked up as Mrs. Alexander came by with our particular spool of thread, an array of metric weights, and a note card bearing the amount of weight we'd been assigned to move around.
 I was still leafing through my binder when Alec started testing the strength of our 'tow line.'
 I scooted my desk over and picked up a weight to hand to him, only to see the thread break as he successfully figured out the breaking point.
 Again and again it happened.
 I ran a calculation for how many pulleys we'd need to lift our weight up the thirty-degree incline on a string able to hold only a fourth as much, only to look over at his paper and see not only had he already arrived at the correct figure, he'd already thought to adjust for starting friction.
 Not used to being outclassed academically, I got flustered, which led to a misplaced decimal, and then an incorrect conversion from English to metric.
 Alec just continued on, never seeming to really hurry, never actually making a mistake, but still grinding through calculations with a speed I might have been able to match on a good day, but couldn't even approach today.
 It would've been much easier to just stop my efforts and watch him work, but I was too stubborn to give up.

 about until Mrs. Alexander came by with her more consistent tools of weighing related factors that allowed us to
-
The equally vindictive but more scholastically minded group in front of us was convinced I was just playing with Alec in an attempt to make Brandon jealous.
 It was all so far off that part of me wanted to laugh.
 I couldn't care less if Brandon was jealous, and Alec hadn't even kissed me yet.
 Even so, hearing my name said with such disdain by so many different people took its toll over the course of the class, and before long I was once again fighting the urge to break down and cry.
 Luckily by the end of the class, Mr. Whethers had become so frustrated with the complete lack of attention being paid him by the gossipers, he'd actually started writing them up for detention.
 As class finally ended, James cracked one of the first smiles I'd ever seen grace his face.
 "Wow.
 I never would've thought anyone could push old Whethers so far.
 He just set a school record for the most detentions assigned in a single class."
 With James' considerable frame opening a route through the crowded hallway, it took almost no time to make it to my locker.

 shook my head as, it turned out, yeah, yes, there were detentions assigned. Yes
-
“Morning, Freylina.
 Early start today?” My voice was determined.
 “Yes, I want to practice growing.” She glanced at the pendant against my chest.
 She was silent for a moment as she looked into my eyes, almost searching.
 She was probably worried I was sad or missing my mother.
 “Not today.
 It seems I have business with the Council this morning.” Her mouth turned down in a grimace.
 “Oh.” All right, it wasn’t like I didn’t have plenty to do.
 I’d just head to the library and try to find the missing pages to the northern clan documents.
 “Well, I’ll see you then.” I smiled at her and headed around back again to cut through the village.

 it would be easy. Hunterraa had made it to the half Hisst instead of Awas
-
Rodregas almost ran face into the squire’s mace, only throwing himself down barely in time to miss the blow.
 Rodregas knew that if this was going to work he had to keep up the momentum.
 He spun around and started to run around his opponent, circle him at a breakneck speed.
 Geriodon responded perfectly.
 He kept one foot planted and spun tight to help counter Rodregas’ speed.
 It should have worked.
 And it did work for several minutes.
 Rodregas simply kept running in a circle around Geriodon just outside the range of his mace.
 He dug into the sand with his feet and he ran, and kept running.
 Minutes went by before Geriodon’s own spin move went a little too fast as he tired.

 even more likely this would have worked not having to run around Rust Pin the whole time! And couldn
-
You have made your way from worm to man, and much in you is still worm.
 Once you were apes, and even now man is more ape than any ape.
 Whoever is the wisest among you is also a mere conflict and cross between plant and ghost.
 But do I bid you become ghosts or plants?
 Behold, I teach you the overman, the superman!
 The superman is the meaning of the earth.
 Let your will say: the superman shall be the meaning of the earth!
 I beseech you, my brothers, remain faithful to the earth, and do not believe those who speak to you of otherworldly hopes!
 Poison-mixers are they, whether they know it or not.
 Despisers of life are they, decaying and poisoned themselves, of whom the earth is weary: so let them go!"

 , Oh, O time of our lives! "What time of our lives?" And I
-
“Seth!” I screamed.
 He didn't move and one of the faery men reached down to grab him but I screeched, “Leave him alone!” and sent an arrow into the guy's neck.
 I heard Jason yell in rage and they started to drop like stones.
 Emily raised her arms and the ground shook under a faery.
 Roots twisted upward and wrapped around one of the five faery men that were left.
 The other four fell dead from my arrows and Jason's knives.
 I ran out from behind the tree and stormed over to the squirming faery man.
 Or I should to call them faery jerks now.
 I grabbed his coat and forced him to look at me.
 He smirked and I couldn't hold back the urge to slap him.

 tiny girl has looked like a lot of hundreds of times, Oliver had all the faery men seem
-
We hadn’t been riding long, but it wasn’t a suggestion.
 I didn’t mind; I’d eaten mostly berries for days and I wasn’t quite sure about riding yet.
 “I suppose you’re right.
 Might as well enjoy the journey,” Steed said, throwing me a private grin.
 We stopped under the canopy of a red oak and Steed grabbed me as I slid awkwardly from the horse.
 “You may ask him to kneel, Elfreda.” Not that he appeared to mind handling me about the waist to help me down.
 Looking up at him, I pushed the hair away from my face.
 “Yes, well, I guess I should start practicing.” Heat brushed my skin as the fire Chevelle was building flared.
 It returned to its proper size and Chevelle commanded, “Sit, Elfreda.” Steed followed as I walked to a fallen limb by the fire and settled atop the widest part, drawing my legs up from the ground.
 He sat as well, apparently not concerned about who was finding us breakfast.

 not, his face said. He paused to glance at me and He smiled at me. “Oh
-
“I am not orcish,” Qurrah said, harsher than he meant.
 Velixar raised his hand in a small gesture of apology.
 “Orcish blood is in your veins, but perhaps I am mistaken.
 What are you then?”
 “I am a half-orc,” Qurrah said.
 His shoulders hunched, and his head lowered as a reluctant bit of shame stung his words.
 “The blood of both elves and orcs fills my veins.”
 He expected to be scoffed, mocked, or banished.
 Instead, Velixar laughed.
 “Such blasphemy against the elven goddess,” he said.

 Thank you, Mr. Blood.”<eop> He bowed his head to his feet and proceeded to the
-
(flirts)I would really appreciate it.
 Greg: Do these shorts make my butt look big?
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  I mean bigger than usual.
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  Man this thong is riding.
 I have got to get out of this place.
 Cindy:  How sweet of you.
 Well I have to go now my bus is here.
 Bye!

 Now here is in love. Cup, what a lovely thong it is. So here is
-
Jim – And hope that he spontaneously combusts.
 Johnny – Spontaneously combusts.
 Liz – Which is about as likely as his getting hit by a train while he’s sitting in his living room.
 Johnny – You’re a lot of help.
 Jim – What can I say?
 I’m a fountain of wisdom.
 Johnny – Don’t you want to adopt Gene?
 Jim – Yes, I’d like to have Gene as a member of the family, which is a weird thing to say.
 Johnny – Then why do you keep goofing of?
 Why don’t you try to help?

 life is like back in the days where Gene was released from high school. Jim – It’
-
Then I saw it.
 He flicked a glance at Ruby and I knew.
 They knew.
 And it was all true.
 Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
 “Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
 They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
 Black spots floated in my vision.
 My head screamed.
 The sound of metal bands snapping echoed through a scraping, screeching noise inside my head.

 glass was shattered against the stars in my face. I couldn’t think. I couldn’t
-
It made Brandon more intriguing, but he hardly needed any more help there.
 With a sigh of frustration, I walked into Physics, smiled at Mrs. Alexander, and took my normal seat.
 I could pretty much set my watch by Alec's arrival.
 Apparently it wasn't cool to be caught inside a classroom more than fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 It was a sign of just how far removed from reality I was that he was able to sit down in the other corner before I even realized he'd stepped through the door.
 I realized I must have been woolgathering for longer than I'd thought, and reached for my notebook.
 Only the bell should have rung by now, and it hadn't.
 I looked up at the clock and it confirmed that there was still at least a minute before class started.
 A slight rustle to my right brought my head around, and I looked up to find Alec smiling at me.
 I couldn't remember for sure if he'd ever smiled at me before, but I found myself suddenly positive he hadn't.

 captain. Reef. Lt..' Alec said.<eop> ‘Yes, Mr. Holmes. The
-
But I did know she had it.
 Maybe I’ll be able to steal it… Lost in thought, I began to fall behind the group.
 The higher we rose up the mountain, the more treacherous the jagged rock became.
 I felt every step, holding tight as the horse’s hooves slipped and jumped.
 The haze thickened, keeping the view both ahead and behind close.
 It gathered in my hair, leaving it a matted mess with the single braid—Ruby’s handiwork—dripping condensation over the shoulder of my cloak.
 I decided to practice as we rode, closing my eyes to sink partially into my horse, still alert to my own self and the outside world.
 It was there, leading my horse and seeing through his eyes, that the pain struck.
 It came on instantaneously, hitting me like a blade, cutting, shearing.
 It was accompanied by sharpness of sound as well.

 rattled against my side and ill-acted fabric as we descended the lower slopes of Mt. Qua
-
“Don’t worry,” she said, patting his hand.
 “Your ass is safe with me.”
 Harruq laughed at the absurdity.
 Aurelia, meanwhile, absently drew lines in the dirt.
 He watched for a moment, suddenly nervous and quiet.
 The words of his brother echoed in his head.
 “Aurry?” he asked.
 “You said most elves remember when men were created…‌do you know how orcs were made?”
 The elf looked at him.
 She was trying to read him, Harruq could tell, but he endured it without protest.

 into the dirt, and she painted scribbles on the surface of the dirt. He frowned at the
-
Heck, I hardly knew the meaning of the word, but something about Brandon turned it all into a harmless game.
 A game with rules that were nearly comprehensible for a change.
 One where there was very little to lose and an undreamed-of potential for achieving amazing things.
 As soon as the door was shut I ran to the window and hid behind the blinds, watching as the black Mustang drove up our lane.
 Overcome by the sudden urge to giggle, I ran upstairs looking for my mom.
 I made it all the way to her door before remembering the Jeep hadn't been downstairs.
 Typical.
 The one time I had good news, and she wasn't around.
 I wandered back downstairs, more because it was cooler down there than because I had any real desire to work on homework.
 Once I was down there though, I grimly decided to open up my bag and make some progress before Mom got home.

 was hardly a sum of it. None the less Principal Brandon had gone to see my mom the main
-
Listen—I think you’re more lost than you realize.” “What do you mean?” How could he tell her what he couldn’t believe himself?
 “I-I want to show you something.
 Come read my newspaper.” “We have our own.”  She turned to escape.
 He caught her wrist.
 “Wait.
 I’m not going to hurt you.
 You-you don’t know how to get home, do you?”  When she didn’t respond, he said, “Just come look at my newspaper.
 You don’t have to come inside.
 Just sit on my veranda, and when the fog lifts, we’ll-we’ll see if we can find your house.” Afraid of becoming even more lost, she hesitantly followed him to some chairs and perched on the edge of one.
 The man ran inside, and before she could decide whether it was better to wait or leave, he’d returned with a newspaper.

 “Get back. Think about this, darling. Your, the one I left your when I brought
-
“Wait.
 I’m not going to hurt you.
 You-you don’t know how to get home, do you?”  When she didn’t respond, he said, “Just come look at my newspaper.
 You don’t have to come inside.
 Just sit on my veranda, and when the fog lifts, we’ll-we’ll see if we can find your house.” Afraid of becoming even more lost, she hesitantly followed him to some chairs and perched on the edge of one.
 The man ran inside, and before she could decide whether it was better to wait or leave, he’d returned with a newspaper.
 Marie read one headline: "Obama Popularity Index Declining."
 Neither the words nor the picture meant anything to her.
 Then she checked the date: May 22, 2011.
 She raised her eyes to the man's.

 'tSeriously, you even bet a math calculator is going to have a negative influence on your approval
-
These skills admit of constant and continuous improvement without limit, in the same way that technology and organization can always be further improved.
 A comparative survey of the level and quality of skills in any country with those of countries above and below it on scales of economic and human development will reveal the crucial role of skills in development.
 A scale of progression on key skills can help every country identify its relative position, assess the scope for further progress and evolve strategies to fill the gap.
 Raising the skills of society to those of countries higher up on the scale will enable the country to move to that higher level.
 Despite enormous expansion of educational and training institutions, most developing countries suffer from a shortage of quality vocational skills among the huge number of people at lower levels of the society who seek desperately to raise their standard of living.
 This shortage retards the growth in productivity and quality needed to meet domestic needs and achieve international competitiveness.
 The technical training in frastructure in these countries should be expanded by the establishment of craft and vocational training institutes at the local level in every community to impart a wide range of basic technical skills.
 A massive programme of basic vocational and skills training should be launched on a parallel with the 100 per cent literacy programmes that are now being promoted by many governments to wipe out rural illiteracy.
 The military in many developing countries possesses the organizational capabilities and experience with intensive training to assist with this task.
 An institutional gap exists in agricultural training systems.

 in many high above all quality vocational qualification are not sufficiently experienced completely to make the need for further training
-
He was coming in carefully, shield up, sword in position.
 Rodregas made up his mind not to underestimate him despite being severely wounded.
 Rodregas struggled back up and spread his feet wide for balance and locked his legs straight to try to keep them from buckling under him.
 He felt cold and knew he was losing blood fast.
 Rodregas knew that this was probably it.
 They had gambled and lost, there were just too many of them.
 But he did not want to die without taking out the Immortal Guards first.
 If he killed the slavers and the guards, there was a good chance that the slaves could escape.
 If Rodregas and his group died without taking the slavers and guards out, then they would have died in vain.
 Rodregas hoped Imeralda would get away.

 did not feeling strong and going again. He tried to push himself a little bit more. Somehow his
-
He’s trapped inside.
 Eugene – Good.
 Whose turn is it?
 Karen – Gene!
 Eugene - What?
 Karen – What do you mean good?
 Your father is trapped in a burning building.
 Eugene – Good riddance.
 When they put his stinking corpse into the ground I will dance on the grave and sing a happy little song.
 Art – (Takes Karen aside) He’s not going to be hurt by this dear.

 as good as possible. Art – He wants to know his father safe. He wants all his
-
My mood was further soured as we arrived to find an unmistakable circle of bystanders signaling an impending fight.
 My first instinct was to go find a teacher before the two idiots hurt each other, but while I was still looking around to see if there was an adult in the room, Britney grabbed my arm and pulled me towards the circle.
 It wasn't until we got closer that I realized there was something wrong with the circle of kids surrounding the combatants.
 Normally everyone pressed in tight for the best possible view.
 The spectators in this fight were divided into two groups, with a fairly significant space between them.
 The rest of the students seemed to be reluctant to fill that gap in.
 It wasn't until Britney pulled me closer that I understood why.
 Brandon stood surrounded by his friends on one side of the circle, with Alec and a smaller group standing opposite them.
 The tension in the room was like the air before a lightning strike, charged and unpredictable, a living organism on the point of materializing out of thin air and attacking anything surrounding it.
 Taking in the two groups, I was amazed at the disparity before my eyes.

 unifies a reality through an observation, so that there seems to be a distance between the parties involved
-
She stared at the garage door as it slowly rose.
 "Who's lifting the door?"
 "Nobody.
 It's electric."
 He opened the car door for her.
 She eyed the interior cautiously.
 "Don't you have to crank it up?"
 she asked when he got in without doing so.
 "No."
 He turned the key, put the car in reverse, and backed out of the garage.

 a few more people to check the interior before he got back in the car. She glanced over,
-
It was four words long… ‘Your mother has passed.’ I am still in my room.
 I guess I am waiting.
 I don’t know what will happen.
 I heard a noise in the front room and slid the book under a pillow, dropped my head, and pretended to sleep.
 I’d been so absorbed in the book I had no idea how long I’d been reading.
 There was a light rap on my door.
 I tried to sound sleepy.
 “Yes?” “Frey, I’m on my way to the ridge.
 We will be leaving in the morning.” Ruby’s words confused me.
 I must have read through the night.

 there, the ceiling folding back over. I stared at myself, searching for a place to sit there
-
“Me?
 What do you want me for?
 The elves…‌they sent you to attack me, didn’t they?
 Whatever they paid you, I can double it.
 Triple it!”
 Qurrah shook his head.
 “No elf hired us, and no gold was put in our pockets.”
 The flaming whip appeared, charring grass as it touched the ground.
 “Then what do you want with me?” the man shrieked.
 “You’ll see,” Harruq whispered into his ear before backing away.

 r shot a string of lightning across the stone of the pit, with a thunder bolt calling out from
-
I will show you.”
 Harruq obeyed.
 His insides churned as icy fingers pressed against his forehead.
 Images crackled through his mind.
 The entire world burned to ash and blew away on the wind.
 The painting revealed beneath was in fluid motion, an artwork of death and fire.
 He saw a city burning, people fleeing in the streets, and then he saw himself dressed in black armor that oozed power.
 Salvation and Condemnation waved high above his head, both drenched in blood.
 He looked like a god among men, and the way the soldiers fell at his feet made him think he might have been one.
 This red-dream self looked straight at him and spoke, but Harruq could not understand the words.

 !"’ says the writers."<eop><eod> Angus and Helen In Here The Damon brothers are by
-
When tempted by the Immortalists with a new body, he had accepted.
 Even though such action was anathema to the very teachings of the Order, he had become an officer of the Immortal Guards, and eventually their leader.
 Several of the most powerful Knights had over the centuries, formed the officer core of The Immortal Guards.
 These Knights traded their honor for near immortality in the Guards.
 The Immortal Guards were all sigil warriors with one or several magical enhancements.
 They also had the best resources of the entire Eastern Realm, the most powerful enchanted armor, the best weapons; their officers rode Dire Beasts for steeds.
 Taking on a sigil warrior would be a huge challenge for Rodregas, or at least he thought it would be.
 He was still unclear of how strong and fast he was.
 His stomach hurt from his wound, but not as badly as it should.
 Clearly, the first step in his duty was to heal up from his wound and relearn how to fight in his new body.

 felines would fight so hard right? Rodregas dreamed of more than losing to a si
-
It turned back around and threw its self at me.
 This time I was prepared.
 I pulled out my hunting knife out just as he landed on me.
 He yelped and went limp.
 I pushed him off and grabbed my fallen bow, the familiar feeling of the wood boosting my confidence.
 I turned back around and started back where I left off, but then a body slammed into me.
 I just had enough time to see the thrasher, before the fur and dirt filled my vision.
 I spit out the clump of wiry hair that had somehow found its way into my gasping mouth.
 I felt a searing pain as the Thrasher raked my left leg.
 I closed my eyes against the pain, trying to focus myself against the dull throb in my shin.

 :25 A.M. And was afraid. Am frightened. And terrified. And scared. And
-
Greater attention is needed to conserving and applying organic sources of manure and raising nitrogen-fixing crops, as well as to the use of bio-fertilizers.
 Unlike the creation of new irrigated lands, the application of such environmentally sustainable field practices is neither very costly nor technology-intensive, and can be widely propagated through improvements in agricultural training and extension.
 Increasing exports
 Over the next six years, the agreements reached during the Uruguay Round of GATT negotiations are expected to reduce the tariffs levied by the industrial nations on agricultural products by 37 per cent and on tropical food exports by 43 per cent.
 Developing countries will cut agricultural tariffs by an average of 24 per cent.
 In addition, North American and Western European countries have agreed to cut agricultural subsidies by one-third.
 Together these cuts are expected to result in a 20 per cent rise in exports of agricultural and processed foods by 2005.
 The share of developing countries in this increase has been estimated at $20 billion to $60 billion annually.
 Increased trade can act as a strong stimulus to the growth of agricultural, agro-industrial and rural employment, provided that these countries respond dynamically to the opportunity by raising productivity and strengthening rural infrastructure for storage, processing and distribution.
 However, rising demand within developing countries themselves will limit overall growth of exports, and increasing exports will push up domestic food prices, unless much greater priority is given to matching production with opportunities for home and external trade.

 . In addition to reducing agricultural tariffs, GATT has agreed to increase trade in China by 2%
-
Is it a fundraiser?
 Art – Eugene, your house is on fire.
 Eugene – It doesn’t seem to be on fire to me.
 Cleo – Oh dear.
 Art - No, your father’s house.
 He’s trapped inside.
 Eugene – Good.
 Whose turn is it?
 Karen – Gene!
 Eugene - What?

 Friends? Peter – Cat.— Cleo – What? Cleo – U, I,
-
The ride home was completely uneventful, and mercifully brief.
 Britney was one of those people who drive fast normally, and even faster when they are pissed off.
 Apparently having to stay after school to study merited twenty-five over the speed limit.
 I normally would have complained--I'd become much more sensitive about speeding in the last couple of months, but I was anxious to get home, and very much not feeling like there was anything particularly special to live for.
 Not that I was suicidal, contrary to Mom's unvoiced, but obvious fears.
 I just didn't have much of anything to look forward to.
 It wasn't until Britney's Saturn was nearly out of sight that I realized our Jeep Cherokee was parked in the driveway.
 I sometimes felt I should have outgrown the need to talk to Mom when things were tough, but I couldn't deny that it felt like a big weight had been lifted off me as I walked through the door.
 "I'm home, Mom.
 How did your latest shoot..." Whatever I'd been about to say evaporated off of my tongue as I entered the living room and saw Mom curled up on the couch with bloodshot eyes.

 bad she hoped for anything special? Right? What kind of issues would hit us in the couple of
-
Trade becomes of even greater potential benefit to industrial nations during the coming decade when economic growth in these countries is expected to be significantly slower than in the developing world.
 The pent-up demand generated by the destruction of Europe during the Second World War, the rapid expansion of population during the baby boom generation, and the explosion of new technologies in the past few decades, all generated strong internal demand in the OECD countries, resulting in steady economic growth.
 The slow growth of population and productivity in more recent years means that these factors cannot be expected to drive further economic expansion at the same rate.
 In contrast, average growth rates in developing countries are expected to be two to three times higher than in the industrial nations.
 The increase in the dollar output of developing countries was actually bigger than that of the most economically advanced nations in 1992 and 1993, and this trend is expected to continue.
 Measured in terms of purchasing power parity, developing countries now represent more than one-third of the world economy.
 More than 40 per cent of US exports now go to developing countries and two-thirds of the increase in US exports in recent years has gone to these nations.
 The rising expectations and upward mobility of millions of people in developing countries represent a vast potential source of demand, higher incomes and jobs for the West.
 Increasing incomes among the poorest countries has the greatest multiplier effect on global aggregate demand, because even small increments in per capita income can lead to large increases in the number of households with incomes above the threshold for buying consumer goods.
 Asia is expected to generate half the growth in gross world product and world trade during the 1990s.

 the promoting policy of deepening human resources throughout the world, it is crucial that such years are carried out
-
How much of that healing crap had I drunk?
 I heaved once and Steed shook beneath me with laughter.
 I glanced up to find him looking at Chevelle.
 For some reason it angered me, even though I knew Steed wasn’t laughing at him.
 I was talking again, without regard to thought.
 “His mother died, too.
 We killed her.” It sounded so matter-of-fact, my head bobbing along with the words.
 I couldn’t seem to stop.
 My mouth opened to speak once more but I was suddenly swept up, off Steed’s lap and into Chevelle’s arms.
 I managed fear for half a second but then lost the feeling to dizziness, followed quickly by only dull numbness.

 within an inch of warning, officially ca. 960. The lifeline rolled in and Vicky
-
“I already put your pack in the front room for Chevelle.” “I’ll just check it,” I said.
 “Thanks.” I found the pack with some of Chevelle’s things.
 As I started to open it, I knocked one of his bags over and went to pick it up.
 The flap was loose and a piece of familiar fabric hung out.
 I glanced over my shoulder to be sure Ruby wasn’t watching, and opened the bag to find the fabric-wrapped package she’d handed to Chevelle our first day here.
 The package he’d traded my stone for.
 I pulled the material back to reveal a leather-bound book.
 Afraid Ruby would catch me, I slid the book into my own pack and took it to my room.
 I’d already been in trouble for stealing one book but this was technically mine.
 It had been swapped for my ruby.

 felt weird about after being picked up.<eop><eod> Apologies how I got to the finish line.
-
Finally, I must acknowledge the inspiration and encouragement provided by Mr T. Natarajan, Secretary, The Mother's Service Society, Pondicherry, India, from the very inception of the idea of the Commission.
 His emphasis on leadership in thought that leads to action has served as a guiding principle for the work of the Commission.
 A more complete list of the many individuals and institutions who have contributed generously of their time and resources to our work is contained in the Acknowledgements appended to this volume.
 During 1994 and 1995, several major international events will take place.
 The International Conference on Population and Development at Cairo in September 1994, the World Summit for Social Development at Copenhagen and the Fourth World Conference on Women at Beijing in 1995, and the designation of 1995 as the International Year for Tolerance all provide unique opportunities for promoting sustainable and equitable development.
 The past 50 years since the birth of the UN have marked striking progress in every field of human endeavour, except in the areas of ecological and human security.
 We should now concentrate on these aspects of security, so vital for sustained human happiness and fulfilment.
 It is our hope that this report will be of some help in accelerating the pace of progress in the evolution of a new human ethic conducive to human beings living in harmony with nature and with each other.
 M. S. Swaminathan, Chairman International Commission on Peace and Food Madras, India, 6 July 1994
 Preface to the Second Edition Unprecedented Opportunity, Unfinished Agenda

 meeting in Ganseng, Sharo Subam, Praik Sabha, 18 December 1994 The Session
-
Another guard used the hilt of his sword to strike Harruq’s back.
 The blow blasted the air out of his lungs.
 The leader of the guards tugged all along Harruq’s face, pulling hair and scratching skin.
 “I’ll be,” he said.
 “It is real.
 No illusion and no disguise.
 You two cretins have god-damned elf blood in you.”
 “You jest,” Qurrah said, hanging back and showing no sign of aggression.
 The soldiers clearly thought Harruq the more dangerous of the two, and he was more than willing to let them continue thinking that.
 “No jest,” the guard said.

 Ariel high hit Harruq in the post, so he still wasn’t convinced. Lordr
-
He’s almost always in the way when it comes to Thanksgiving dinner.
 Karen – He said he had some things to do before dinner.
 Art – Did he say when he would be back?
 Karen – Just later.
 Jim – He’ll be here, its his favorite holiday.
 Karen – I didn’t know that Johnny was so sentimental.
 Art – He isn’t, he just likes the food.
 The boy would crash a wake if the food were good.
 Jim – He actually wanted to do that once.
 Art – He didn’t do it did he?

 they all drinking beer upstairs, going to one of the restaurants? Jim – We won’t
-
Alone, are we?” She smiled wickedly as she neared, coming uncomfortably close.
 “Let’s talk…” She leaned in further and something glistened in the air between us.
 I froze, unable to move away.
 “Stop.” Chevelle’s voice was sharp as the redhead was whisked away from me, laughing.
 Her curls brushed my face on their way past, taking my head on a dizzying spin.
 “Just having a little fun, Vattier,” she said.
 It sounded too far away.
 Or as if I were in a tunnel.
 Chevelle was reprimanding her, and then at once they were gone.
 My head swirled and I felt off balance.

 was completely lost. Thinking like I were not going to catch up with them.<eop><eod> With my
-
No industrial country can claim that it systematically exploits all the potential benefits of the strategies in this list.
 This should be the highest priority of every Western government today.
 1.Promote small businesses: All the publicity given to the impact of down-sizing by major corporations has obscured the fact that the top 500 US firms employ less than five per cent of the US workforce.
 It is also the smaller firms that are responsible for job growth.
 Businesses employing fewer than 20 workers presently account for 57 per cent of new job creation in Europe.
 Based upon the successful examples of many developing countries that have stimulated growth in this sector, there is vast scope for expanding services to support new enterprises through better access to management and employee training courses, credit and R & D facilities; by testing and certification for those who want to start businesses; and by estab lishing business incubators to provide work space and shared services as well as technical, financial and marketing expertise to start-up companies.
 2.Reduce business failures: New businesses create most of the jobs, but they destroy most of them too, by going out of business.
 The failure rate of new businesses is extremely high in most industrial nations.
 In Italy, roughly 50 per cent fail in the first year.
 Of the more than 600,000 new business start-ups in the United States each year, 40 per cent close within 12 months, 80 per cent within five years, and 80 per cent of the remainder in the subsequent five years.

 mill will start in October 2016 where all the major successful startups take shares of the rise in the
-
It almost didn't seem like he was talking to me.
 There was no emotion in his voice, no gentle teasing; he didn't even meet my eyes.
 I sat down with a slight hope that he'd thaw out a little by the time class ended, only to shake my head in disbelief when the bell finally rang and proved me irrevocably wrong.
 Maybe he'd go back to normal after a few days.
 There really wasn't any way to know though.
 I didn't even know what'd brought on the sudden change.
 Was he really just angry I'd overheard Jasmin threaten Lucy?
 Why did I even care?
 Spanish dragged by at a snail's pace, but somehow before I knew it, I was walking with Britney towards the tutor lab.
 I should have been surprised when we rounded a corner to find Brandon casually leaning against the wall, obviously waiting for us, for me.

 la la la la la la la la la la la la la - - -
-
Lorelei Enos: 		Helen.
 Helen Holland.
 BG:  	Right.
 She took to Lorelei right away.
 For this I liked her.
 After all the shit Lor has had to put up with, from Memphis, from Crafty, from that fuck, Hudson.
 CM:  	Did you talk music?
 You and Skippy?
 BG:  	Music.
 Love.

 My Love - Girls for the Fundles Set. My Love and nothing needs to be said,
-
Art – You all know the rules right?
 Good!
 Prepare to be crushed!
 Jim – And so it begins.
 We’ll pick letters first.
 Art – As you wish, it will not help you to prevail.
 Jim – Will you do the honors Liz?
 Liz – Sure, how many do we get.
 Eugene – Seven.
 Liz – Ok. (She draws her letters)  Done.

 Liz – The fierce War was holding very dear. Sunday, December 8, 1921 Had We Dia
-
My vision was closing, getting dark.
 I'm tired...
 I closed my eyes as I fell into darkness.
 *** Seth opened his eyes and curled up, retching.
 He took in deep, shaky breaths and laid back, staring up.
 He narrowed his eyes and saw a small spot of light.
 What the heck?
 He was underground, in a cave.
 He groaned and sat up, his back throbbing.
 His head was pounding so hard he had to close his eyes to keep from passing out.

 on button 3 and realized that he almost died. Him, that little spot of light. Oh Jesus
-
Then he rolled up the window, started the car, and droved away.
 I slept on Jill’s couch.
 In the morning I walked to a donut shop.
 It had a service window opening onto the sidewalk.
 A trio of boys about my age stood waiting their turn.
 But when they saw me, they jumped aside.
 That whole summer, I struck terror into many hearts on account of I had backed down two of Pacific Beach’s toughest.
 At parties and the beach, girls who got upset and spiteful toward their boyfriends would appear at my side in hopes the boyfriend would object and I would thrash him.
 At Carmen Ranch Club, Eric was on the trampoline, probably showing off for his friend Carol, when he soared too high and got distracted by something.
 He fell sideways, ricocheted off the rail and landed on asphalt.

 . He made the turn for the other, neither being able to see what was hidden behind this.
-
That’s horrible isn’t it?
 Jeff’s Collie, I thought they would have made it, out of all of them, cuz of her, man, she had some pipes.
 Like that teenage chick singer for Fantasy, anybody remember her?
 And their big hit was an instrumental—figure that out.
 Where is she now, you have to wonder?
 Why me and not her?
 It’s enough to make you question the whole machinery, you know?
 CM:  	So, between Turntable Poison and your California period, lies a great gulf that not a whole lot of people know about.
 I think we should try to understand what led you to this change, a real sea change in the eyes of the public.
 Can you talk a bit about that time?

 Me honest and personal prose on Land of Fantasy from the early 1970s to the present. Hell my
-
I quickly checked myself for any other injures I might have acquired from my tangle with the Thrasher, but all I found was a bunch of bruises.
 Seth seemed to have disappeared, so I trudged down the road to my house.
 It’s cozy familiar blue paint and white shutters helped to relax me as I pushed open the door.
 My house wasn’t very big and fancy; it was actually pretty plain but that’s why I loved it.
 It had two floors, with a fair sized kitchen and a mini living room.
 My room was just up the stairs, and it beckoned to me even though I was more interested in dinner.
 My mom was cooking in the kitchen and my dad was sitting at the kitchen table going through his usual paper work.
 He looked up as I entered, pushing his glasses back up his face.
 “Hi sweetheart, finally home?” he asked giving me a warm smile.
 I kissed his cheek and my mom’s before heading toward the stairs.

 across the street from the car was dying. I was so glad I was alive and in control of
-
This guard did.
 The Immortal Guard had already launched himself forward and Rodregas’ own speed worked against him.
 As Rodregas’ short sword hit nothing but air, he felt the sharp agony of the guard’s blade piercing his thigh.
 Rodregas used his speed to throw himself back.
 But as he did, he felt another sharp cut hit his upper arm.
 The other men were moving in now that he was off balance.
 Rodregas twisted as he fell and grabbed one of the slavers and brought him down.
 With a quick stab into his groin, Rodregas took the slaver out of commission.
 Rodregas rolled off his squirming body and threw himself up to a standing position.
 He almost immediately went down again as his wounded thigh buckled under him.

 gas rose as much as he could, forcing himself to stay in this position. It was no easier
-
Art – I wasn’t planning on it.
 Jim – Good, cause you gave me that speech when I was nine.
 Art – I was planning on hitting the finer points of the fairer sex.
 I’ve figured that you already know what breasts look like.
 Well on to more important things.
 Can you tell when a girl is interested in you?
 Jim – Nope.
 Wouldn’t she just say something if she was?
 Art – I’ve never had it happen to me, most of them seem to want to be chased, but for the most part our culture has taboos against women chasing men.
 Though they tend to hint at it when they’re interested.

 Speaking of desire from the beast, I like me tearing my blouse up and Hulk-like. Gon
-
“What was that?”
 He kicked a rock.
 “It’s better to spar with another, remember?”
 Aurelia frowned.
 “You know I am a sorceress.
 My time should be spent studying my craft.
 I only wanted to be proficient with my staff, not a master.”
 A tiny bit of panic crept into Harruq’s voice.
 “Yeah, but, but, it’s only an hour or two, and who said you were proficient anyway?
 I could beat you without trying, and so could anyone better than me.

 can throw bone teeth to you without trying with my staff, just like I can throw bone teeth to
-
When I did visit his home it was hard for him to hide the bounty of furnishings that adorned his drug kingpin house.
 Many of his belongings had obviously come from my defunct store.
 Thomas was dealing drugs on a very large scale and was about to be busted.
 There were a couple of occasions when I was at his home in Sacramento when the cocaine was piled so high on his glass top dining table that you needed to be careful that it did not slide off on the floor.
 Scales were pushed tightly up to the edge of the mound of white rocky powder as if to build a barrier around it.
 Sometimes several people would be working in sync doing everything from cutting the cocaine to increase profits to weighing it and bagging it for sale.
 The cocaine was put in small baggies or tiny glass vials in as little as one gram or scooped into zip lock bags weighing up to one pound.
 The constant consumption of the cocaine by the helpers appeared to be the payment for the effort of assisting in the process.
 People would come and go as they purchased their cocaine all day and all night.
 The big buyers would be treated to a sampling right out of the giant pile.

 at this point master "Thomas" would be about hanging the chains 1/8 to 1 inch of the
-
I'll take it."
 They bought the dress and matching sandals.
 As soon as they got home, Marie spread out all their purchases, looking at them with delight.
 "I can't wait!"
 she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
 Rick smiled.
 "Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.
 Thank you so much, Rick."
 She flung her arms around him.

 Thank you so much, Walt," she said, pleading for Rick to do absolutely nothing. Marie
-
He tilted her chin up to look at her anxiously.
 "Did I hurt you?
 What did--" "No, no--you didn't hurt me."
 She caressed his cheek.
 "But what if you did?
 What if you kissed me so hard that-that my teeth cut my lips?
 What if--" "I would never, ever hurt you."
 He caressed her hair.
 "If I ever do anything that hurts you or that you don't like, tell me, and I'll stop.
 Right away.

 kiss me after this conversation."<eop> "I don't think. You may not like
-
And the emotion that permeated his jumbled thoughts was guilt.
 He'd been preoccupied with thoughts of Marie ever since he'd seen her picture.
 Was it possible that his thoughts had somehow brought her here?
 But even if that were true, how could he have known that thinking about someone would cause her to appear?
 He'd loved studying history in school, and Abraham Lincoln had never appeared.
 He scowled at the chicken as he took it from the oven.
 How was he going to help her get back?
 He didn't have much faith-- Marie's scream almost made him drop the chicken.
 Depositing the pan on the stove, he ran to the living room.
 She was sitting up, gasping for breath, a look of terror on her face.

 nurse-- she wouldn't attend her school. He couldn't believe the boy was expecting
-
You want dinner?
 I’ll buy dinner.
 BG:  	No, no, thanks.
 CM:  	Beautiful, the light there against that white wall, against the sash.
 It’s like a ruddle…
 BG: 	Blood.
 It’s the color of blood.
 CM: 	Which is life, right?
 BG:  	Yes.
 LE: 	Maybe just—

 It’s an, abb: I love it so much. Yeah, one thing
-
I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.
 I shouldn’t do it.
 I couldn’t.
 But I was.
 I was going to do it.
 And if I got caught?
 I could claim ignorance.
 The entire clan thought I was an imbecile in any case.
 Maybe I would just see how close I could get.
 Maybe just to try… And then I was there, standing in front of the Council building and walking in.

 eyelids across the street... I still not giving a note a week or two ago about what
-
Therefore, a comprehensive approach is called for.
 The measures proposed here must be viewed in conjunction with recommendations made elsewhere in this report to eradicate hunger and unemployment.
 Linkages to commodity trade
 Isolated and independently pursued policies, which appeared highly beneficial at the time enacted, often result in unexpected and unwanted consequences that negate the benefits of the original measures.
 The refusal of high-income nations to meet the demands of developing countries for protection of commodity prices is an example.
 During the 1980s, the debt crisis forced many developing countries to increase exports of basic commodities – often at great cost to the environment – in an effort to make loan repayments.
 This resulted in a self-defeating downward commodity price spiral.
 The increased exports of these commodities pushed world prices lower, thereby forcing debtor nations to export ever larger quantities to earn the same amount of foreign exchange to repay debts.
 Defaults on these loans have resulted in huge losses by the world’s major banks and write-offs of billions of dollars by donor governments.
 One consequence has been to increase the attractiveness of drugs cultivation as an alternative source of income for farmers in developing countries.

 widespread two-and-a-half century era of pre-war opium-and-pop cultivation
-
Art – How did he get attention from a church group?
 Or at least the kind he enjoys?
 Jim – Well I think it all started at one of his protests.
 A group of college kids came up to him and started with something like that guy just did.
 Then instead of leaving they started singing hymns praising God and Jesus and stuff.
 Art – How did that ‘convert’ Gene?
 Jim – I think I missed that part.
 I wandered off to get something to drink, it was going to be a long day, and I was thirsty.
 So I left him and walked down the store.
 I was only gone for about 30 minutes or so and the next thing I know when I came back Gene is talking with these people about God and Jesus and eternal salvation and stuff.

 people have there, an audience that knows the meaning of the Bible and they are filled with sorrow and
-
I guess panic attacks are harder on your system than most people realize.
 My body had already started spiraling down to an attack again, but before I could get too wobbly, I made it inside the house.
 Mom met me at the bottom of the creaking stairs with a big smile on her tired face.
 "The view from the rooms as the sun starts to set is even better than I thought it would be.
 Coming here was the best idea we've ever had."
 Normally Mom's enthusiasm was fairly catching.
 You expect that kind of energy in a child; when it comes from an adult it's hard not to react in kind.
 It didn't manage to infect me this time, but it did help focus me on the here and now.
 I figured I owed her for that, so I tried to suppress my generally ungracious nature.
 I even let her lead me up the creaky stairs to show me the 'amazing view' for the third time.

 gripped me, rising like a volcano until I was all shaking and all dizzy, No. 2 my
-
The bronzed color of his face extended there, but was a lighter shade.
 I examined him closer, taking his hand and turning his arm.
 The inside of his wrist was lighter still, close to the shade of my own skin.
 I was still studying him when he spoke softly.
 “May I kiss you?” His breath hit my face; I hadn’t realized how close I had gotten.
 It surprised me, as did his request.
 I had a perverted desire to let him.
 I smiled thinking of it.
 He took that as an invitation, leaning closer, his hand raised to touch my face.
 His thumb caressed the line of my jaw as he reached around, fingers tangling in my braids as he drew me to him.

 his lips and lit his cigarette, lighting mine. “Teen. Yes. No. I want
-
“Not again.” Cliff, Billy and I drove to their home.
 We spent an hour or so on an art project they were creating.
 They intended to draw a million small circles, just to see what a million looked like.
 Taking turns, we drew about 20,000.
 Evelyn, their mom, kept appearing, offering food.
 Sometime before dark I left and wandered alone, toward and up a hill called Eastridge that overlooked our school, along a street of vacant lots, sometimes escaping into in my usual obsessions about Karen Flagstad or whether I should play baseball or golf that spring.
 But after a moment, the truth returned.
 Nothing that mattered yesterday mattered anymore.
 My gut felt as if a big snake were coiled inside it.
 My heart was a huge lump of coal.

 that the sun really did not and then it lit the herd up.<eop> It took me a
-
It felt like there was electricity surging back and forth between Vincent and Isaac, making my skin feel too small.
 The tension suddenly flickered like a dying light bulb.
 "Vincent!"
 I was disoriented for a second.
 The yell had come from behind me, and had torn the two apart faster than I'd believed possible.
 The crowd, packed so tightly that I'd been worried someone was going to get pushed over the railing, separated as Alec flowed down the stairs.
 I'd only thought Isaac and Vincent were graceful.
 Alec made them look like drunken frat boys.
 Vincent spun around so fast it almost looked like he was going to fall down and then backed away from both of them like a cornered animal.
 It was hard to decide whether my excitement at seeing the biggest jerk I'd ever met humbled outweighed my dislike for Alec, who'd pretty much locked up the honor of being the second biggest jerk.

 showdown, Alec took off as his spirit ignited. Isaac stared back at Vincent as he knew that boy
-
But I also love my home.
 I love my brethren.”
 She stood on her toes and gave him a quick, soft kiss on his lips.
 A tear ran down Harruq’s cheek as he stood in shock.
 His mind relished the soft feel of her lips on his, the scent of flowers, and the subtle fire that had escaped onto his tongue.
 “I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, taking a hesitant step toward the trees.
 “Sure thing,” Harruq said, rubbing the tear off his cheek and pretending it had not been there.
 Aurelia smiled.
 Tears were on her cheeks as well, but she left them alone.
 “Bye-bye, Harruq.”

 was when Merhard came forward. Aurelia took the lead, her icy gaze cutting down Har
-
“I will be fine.
 His magic left my body upon his death.”
 A neigh brought his attention upward.
 Sonowin landed next to him, her white hair stained red in places.
 She nuzzled the elf and snorted something.
 “You worry too much, old girl,” Dieredon said, his voice cracking several times.
 He patted her once and then turned to the elf standing nearby.
 “How many did we lose?”
 “Half.
 We paid dearly to kill this man.”

 looked over at Dieredon. Leaving the elf between their knees, she entered the chamber.
-
We were venturing into unknown territory for me.
 Alec was usually so careful to keep me sheltered from his world.
 "Was Jasmin dominant then?
 I mean if she was a royal wolf and you hadn't manifested your hybrid form yet did she win all of the fights?"
 Alec rested his cheek on the top of my head.
 "Not exactly.
 If she'd been a little more heartless she probably could have killed me and cowed the rest of the pack.
 Even then though, it was becoming pretty clear that we couldn't have two separate packs in such close proximity.
 The need to keep the pack strong meant that even though she pretty much ran the show most of the time there was the occasional thing that I'd just refuse to back down on."
 His muscles tightened unconsciously, like maybe he was remembering past pains.

 Look at them."<eop> "Well, that took a while though." I shoved from
-
BG:  	Right.
 CM: 	What about the road?
 Are you going back out?
 Do you enjoy touring?
 BG:  	Touring is the dark outside the circle of the light of creativity.
 You dig?
 I mean, it’s corrupt.
 If I didn’t have to do it, I wouldn’t.
 Not anymore.
 I mean, I did it, you know.

 . Passing that. Signalling this. Beating the right. R’ trying to pin the
-
One afternoon, I called Thomas and a strange voice picked up the phone.
 I asked for Thomas and the person on the phone said, “He is unavailable right now, but tell me what you want and I will get it ready for you to pick up.” It was obviously a cop, and I knew my brother was probably sitting there in handcuffs while they set up every idiot who called for drugs, then collected them like goldfish as they swam into the net.
 I called my mother and told her I thought Thomas had been busted; time would confirm he had.
 Everyone knew what he was doing, including my mother, but she just didn’t want to admit it to herself, and there was nothing she could do to stop it anyway.
 Later, I watched the evening news and saw reporters standing outside Thomas’s house announcing a record cocaine bust.
 Thomas was sentenced to several years in a federal penitentiary in Texas.
 He would have spent far more time if he hadn’t set up his dealer, who was an even bigger fish in the drug world.
 One of the hardest things I have ever done is accompany my mother to Texas to visit her son, my brother Thomas, in prison.
 Over the years I have seen her strive to survive situations no person should ever be subjected to, but this visit crushed her.
 The plane ride there was difficult and we spoke very little.

 wanted him as much as I was proud of his accomplishment in serving effectively while he was in jail,
-
Understanding came slowly.
 He had shot lightning from his hands.
 The others nodded appreciatively, but I was having second thoughts about friendship with this man.
 Though not being his friend was probably more dangerous.
 I was shaking my head in disbelief as he turned back to me and bowed.
 He stepped back, taking a seat as the wiry man stepped inside the circle then.
 He nodded to me.
 Grey.
 He was thoughtful for a moment, deciding the best way to display his skill, before finally approaching to offer his hand.
 I reached forward, placing my palm against his, and then he was gone.

 bow...it felt unreal, a destructive, chain-link sort of thing that sooner
-
But I do.
 I know it all and Starlings is not the place where you want to be after dark.
 The only reason why no one knows this is because Jason, Emily, Seth and I have kept it that way.
 I walked along the empty road alone, occasionally waving to passing kids on bikes.
 My backpack was slung over my shoulder, filled with my writing books and sketchpads.
 I kept my eyes on the shadowed road, watching my every step.
 Usually I was more aware of my surroundings, but today I was tired and didn’t care if I rammed into a tree.
 I kicked a rock into the grass.
 The sun was starting to set, painting the sky in brilliant oranges and reds.
 It slipped down the sky, allowing the first stars to peek out from behind the bright curtain.

 come if I threw my bag in the garbage or cursed the forest with gloom or even the shadow of
-
She was obviously the only person who had this number and she was very apologetic for the failure to show.
 Ashley said she wanted to get the Oxys as soon as possible and that there would be no problems this time, as she knew Steve was completely out of product and would meet me on my terms.
 In a judgment call that I had not previously planned, I flatly told her that I already sold the Oxys through the other buyer that I had told her about.
 She was notably upset and actually confronted me on my “promise” to sell them to her.
 I pointed out that I waited in a parking lot for her for over an hour and she was the one who flaked.
 I described how easy it was to sell the one hundred Oxys to the other guy and that he met me exactly where I wanted and when I wanted, gave me the cash and it was a breeze!
 She asked me if I had any more and I told her I had a few but not enough to trouble with.
 I then told her that I had a refill available for ninety Oxys that was good to fill next Tuesday.
 I swear I am making this dialogue up as I go along, just to fit all the necessary criteria and to put her off until next Tuesday.
 The new prescription combined with what I already had would meet the quantity of one hundred Oxys that they wanted.

 which is another number that I will add in as well. I also added out that the last time
-
While I gave them the news, Cliff kicked gravel with both feet.
 Billy stared at the sky.
 His chin trembled.
 A college boy guarded the parking lot.
 We had to get a note from the office before he would unlock the gate and let us out.
 My gas gauge read empty, and between us we hadn’t enough change to finance the trip to the hospital, which was almost to the mountains, a dozen miles or more.
 So we drove to Cliff and Billy’s house to bum gas money.
 Their mom, Evelyn, called the hospital and learned that Eric was in the operating room, and that no visitors could see him that day.
 She tried to feed and comfort us.
 After those attempts failed, she gave us ten dollars and a shopping list.

 the restaurant. The parking lot was dark and we had half an hour to get to the hospital.
-
It must have been a dream.
 I had fallen asleep looking at my mother’s pendant, trying to remember her, and somehow combined it with the disaster I had read of the northern clans.
 It was only a dream.
 Shaken, I sat up, struggling to collect myself.
 I reached up to remove the pendant from the hook and squeezed it tight in my fist.
 It felt good, like a connection, and I slid the leather chain over my head, pulling the pendant down to rest on my chest.
 It felt right there and I knew I should have been wearing it all along.
 As I let go, I realized I’d gotten blood on my hands, so I headed to the hall and poured water from the pitcher into a ceramic basin.
 Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.

 when they laid out their chain. This particular pattern suited me more to my body than to any other
-
He plopped down and sighed.
 “Something must be wrong with me,” he said.
 “Shut up and start telling me more about yourself.”
 “Huh?”
 “Just do it.”
 So the half-orc shut up, paused, shrugged, and then began.
 “Well, this isn’t a happy tale, but it’s the only one I can think of.
 It’s about a present Qurrah gave me.
 He’s a softie at times, and this is one of them times.”
 Aurelia smoothed his hair in her fingers, frowned, and then sliced off a large chunk with the incredibly sharp dagger.

 a "What the fuck?!!" as the weapon swung. “Hey, there’
-
In the car, Cliff and I didn’t mention surrendering.
 We drove to a party, and told nobody about Billy Graham.
 We stayed in the kitchen, drank a couple beers and talked baseball with a few lonely guys.
 A card game started, but poker is no fun if you don’t care who wins.
 The only girls were hanging on their boyfriends.
 So we left.
 In the Chevy, Cliff said, “Tijuana?” “Sure,” I said.
 “Why not?” On Avenida Revolución, even when nothing was happening, you knew any second most anything could.
 Police could falsely charge you with some offense, so you would pay them to let you go.
 A drug dealer could shoot another, right beside you on the sidewalk.

 drivers fit the law in perfectly. Sometimes you could drive two blocks a night to both directions I would
-
But then again, what would that hurt?
 I accepted the dress from him, looking it over.
 It was poorly made and ill-fitting, but had potential as a design.
 I sat, using magic to work on the seaming and arrange the pearl strands and beading in a more pleasant pattern while deciding how best to deal with him.
 He was watching me intently.
 “We will have such prosperity.
 Think of it, with your magic, we will be able to conquer anything.
 Whatever we need, whatever we want, it will be nothing but a flick of your wrist.” I froze.
 It was irrational, I knew, but anger seethed.
 I couldn’t stop myself from thinking he was just like everyone else, interested only in my powers.

 you enjoy it. I thought was: “I’m going to deal with this group of mercenaries
-
Shaking my head in amazement at Rachel's unfailing optimism, I turned to thank Alec for the ride.
 He was scowling a little again, which almost made me get out without saying anything.
 My thanks received only a nod in return, and then Rachel was waving goodbye as they backed down the lane.
 The Jeep was gone, of course.
 I wiped away the beginnings of perspiration as I climbed our steps.
 It was still hot enough outside that I knew it was going to be miserable inside.
 By the time I reached the door I was contemplating just finding a decent tree and spending the afternoon outside.
 The sight of a white envelope, barely visible against the off-white door, was enough to drive those thoughts out of my head.
 It had my name on the side that'd been facing the door.
 I pulled it down as I walked inside the house.

 myee was helping past the weeds. She should have been passing through the fence as I walked on
-
He didn’t seem as excited as Ruby had been about our coming trip, so I asked him about it.
 “I’m just riding the wind, Frey.” “Oh, so you don’t know where we’re going either?” He laughed.
 “No, I know where we are going.
 It’s only that I don’t know where we’ll end up.” I didn’t know what was going to happen either.
 I thought of the tracker and realized what a good distraction the book had been.
 “Steed?” “Frey?” I smiled but it fell away quickly.
 “How will we get to council?
 I mean, how do we find them?” He wasn’t smiling anymore either.
 “Well, there’s a good chance they’ll be looking for us.” Of course, and they would all come together.
 It was clear we were too strong for one or two, they would need to attack as a group.

 want your help, Frey, I’m Fred. Plus, the house is on high alert now
-
It was as if I’d been sanctified.
 Another father.
 He taught me “Don’t Let the Sun Pull Your Pants Down,” “Piggly Wiggly Blues,” “She Caught the Katy,” “Her Ass Moves I Moan.”  Underground stuff, stuff from the adult’s table, from the back room.
 And I lapped it up.
 And Tennessee paid me the high compliment, man.
 He told me nobody played like me except Riley.
 CM: 	Riley?
 BG:  	B.
 B.
 King, man.

 ended up real close to Memphis. He married a big enough (<unk>) good enough woman 1914
-
“Thanks,” I whispered.
 “Thanks June.” “Good luck, Jazell.” I opened the door and saw that Emily and Jason were also coming out of their rooms.
 Emily looked a little shaken but she gave me a thumbs-up.
 Good luck, June’s voice whispered one more time.
 Yeah, I was going to need it.
 Big time.
 Seth, I’m coming, I thought, and I meant it.
 Hold on.
 Then I walked out to face my destiny.
 Don’t Miss Book Two in the Fall of Igneeria Series!

 stepping out of my last dorm room and out into the main hallway behind Kyle and Sydney and pulled the
-
"They were pretty close.
 There weren't that many of them, but they could've decided to push the issue regardless."
 I spent the rest of the trip, expecting someone to jump out of the trees, but faster than I'd have believed possible, the wrought iron gates I'd noticed on our trip out last night were swinging open, and we were turning off onto Alec's asphalt lane.
 A distinguished-looking gentleman in his fifties was waiting for us as we screeched to a stop.
 His slightly disapproving frown hinted at decades of practice letting his 'bosses' know when they'd just crossed some kind of line, all the while never crossing any himself.
 The shape shifters all exited the car, most before it had even stopped moving, and then Jessica and Dominic both appeared as I made my comparatively slow way out of the vehicle.
 "...everyone's okay.
 I was somewhat worried about taking so much of our strength away.
 I'm glad it worked out."
 Alec turned towards the older man as I made my hesitant way over to the group.

 Uptown and back via the nearest subway station."<eop><eod> "As I was late to
-
I groaned internally, keeping on the path, not daring to look back in case he was behind me.
 I was convinced he was.
 He wouldn’t be taking the back way to Junnie’s as I had come, and he wouldn’t be leaving the village without a pack; he was likely going to a Council meeting.
 Yes, he was certainly right behind me, following me into town.
 Somehow I made it to the library without tripping or looking back, though I was nearly overcome with the temptation to turn at the door to see him one more time.
 The library steps curled around the interior of the tree, shelves cut into every space above and below, tables and racks and patrons scattered about the remaining areas.
 I found a dark, empty corner on the third level and relaxed onto a seat, leaning against the inside wall of the old tree and taking in the scent of ancient paper and binding.
 After a momentary pause to blot out the latest incident of poor self-control, I decided to attempt to locate the missing pages by magic.
 I had, after all, succeeded in growing only days ago.
 I concentrated as hard as I could and, though nothing flitted out of the shelves and onto my desk, I had a strong feeling I knew where the documents were.

 ly, I decided to try them out again another time and this time forced my reader imagination and learning
-
My other grandma.
 And three high school friends including my best friend Eric.
 After Eric died, I took a vow.
 I would love nobody.
 Then neither death nor desertion could hurt me.
 The attitude worked, except it doomed my marriage and helped make me crazy.
 When Darcy arrived, the sight of her instantly flushed my heart of that vow against loving.
 I would sooner have risked any torment than given up my bond with that perfect little girl.
 I became a different fellow.
 Once you start loving, you can’t just direct it where you please.

 you feel for yourself, it can alter other people’s feelings forward. How can I do this
-
The ride was long, and I am certain that we were a handful on a train for days on end.
 We moved into a three-bedroom home with my grandparents in Los Angeles, California.
 My Uncle Dan lived there also.
 My grandfather was a very volatile person, a hateful man, and he clashed with his son—my Uncle Dan—often.
 They physically fought, and my uncle was no match for his father.
 My grandfather, a retired oil driller from Oklahoma and Kansas, drank a lot.
 His skin was Indian-dark, and the wrinkles on his face were deep.
 My brother and I would hide when they fought, and my mother would hold us if she was there, placing her hands over our ears and cradling us close to her.
 Her body muffled the sounds.
 She would rock slightly while humming or singing quietly so we would drift off to anyplace but there.

 he once took ES to the dreaded public ward, where he hovered over ES quite tightly
-
.
 .
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
 The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.
 "I like this one best."
 Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.

 her cheeks. She’d make a big statement tomorrow. What did that say?<eop> "
-
She was both quicker and stronger than a normal human.
 She was also highly skilled, and while not as physically gifted as Rodregas, she was powerful.
 She was also clearly intelligent.
 She must have been watching Rodregas in earlier matches, as she refused to let him close with her shield to shield and let him out muscle her.
 She moved quickly and fluidly, keeping her feet moving and keeping her distance.
 Her sword wove in and out, back and forth.
 Rodregas blocked one blow only to find two others coming at him.
 He quickly found himself on the defensive and suffered both a cut on his upper hand and cheek.
 He started to worry that the knight would end the match and give Karun the victory.
 He tried to use his speed to advantage and trap her sword.

 bolted towards the room that sat next to Rodregas's throne. It was there that
-
I can’t even tell you all of them—partly because I don’t remember and partly because, I think, there are legal complications.
 CM:  	What were some of those pseudonyms?
 Band Drudgery?
 BG: 	(laughs)  Yeah, that was me.
 That was on a Cream album, right?
 CM:  	Drab Eddy Rung?
 BG:  	Um, on Carole King’s third LP, I think.
 “Thunder over Scenic Hills.”
 CM:  	Randy Grubb?
 CM:  	Yeah, yeah.

 The Somehow' this is Simon Silverman. This is Simon Silverman Walking En Track a U.
-
She gazed at him for a moment before crying, "Yes!"
 and throwing her arms around his neck.
 Gently disengaging her arms, he took the ring from the box and slid it onto her finger.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "I love you too."
 Marie walked and danced on air that evening.
 Davis had kissed her after putting the ring on her finger, and then he'd taken her to the same club they'd gone to the previous week.
 They ran into some friends of hers, and she introduced him as her betrothed.
 And he kissed her twice more--once as he helped her into his automobile when they left the club and again when he said goodnight to her.
 Now that they were betrothed, maybe he'd kiss her all the time.

 his face. They kissed. They danced. They danced. And then money came in the bank,
-
"Adri, Adriana?
 Excuse me."
 I didn't recognize the girl standing across from me, but based on her uncomfortable expression and the fact that more than one person had turned for the sole purpose of watching us out of the corner of their eyes, she'd been standing there longer than I'd realized.
 Apparently my looking up was enough of a response for her to proceed.
 "I've got a note from Mrs. Campbell.
 She asked me to deliver it to you."
 I managed something that could just barely be construed as a thank you, took the note, and watched her leave.
 A note from a teacher, even one I liked, didn't seem very important when weighed against failing two of my six classes.
 The reoccurring thought of how horrified my Dad would've been that his daughter, 'the smart one,' was going to flunk out of high school was enough to keep me constantly on the edge of a panic attack.
 The longer that went on the less ability, and even more dangerous, the less desire I'd have to try and fight it off.

 Not at that stay of one day." "The students won't go home."
-
"Yeah, I'm fine."
 "Why don't we go home so you can rest since you have to go to work tomorrow?"
 "It's still early."
 "We've been here several hours already.
 Let's go home and read the paper and nap and order a pizza tonight.
 Then maybe you won't feel tired tomorrow."
 He slid his arm around her waist, pulling her against him.
 "I love you so much," he said as he bent to kiss her.
 They went home, but Rick couldn't read, couldn't rest, wasn't hungry.
 All he could do was think about how much he loved Marie, how desperately he wanted her to stay here and marry him.

 , went home, and they ate pizza, said, "In your eyes I can
-
He sighed.
 “You’re right.
 I do know.”
 Silence followed.
 The two continued staring, each wishing to speak their mind but unable to summon the courage.
 “You are a wise man,” Dieredon said, breaking the moment.
 “You know who is in the right in this conflict, as do I.”
 “Yes, we both do,” Antonil agreed.
 He glanced to the elf, his face asking the question he could not voice.
 “No, I will not fight at their side,” Dieredon answered.

 .I will’t be fighting with them against me once. I know, before I create this
-
Traveling by plane is really safe, sweetheart.
 Far fewer people are killed in plane crashes than in car crashes."
 She sat back when she felt the airplane pick up speed.
 She was looking out the window, so she both saw and felt the plane leave the ground.
 "We're in the air!"
 she gasped.
 "Just wait until we're above the clouds.
 They look like a bed of cotton."
 She was quiet until they were flying through the clouds.
 "They don't look like cotton.

 "There's dry cotton in the clouds!"<eop> She laughed. "They look
-
It was gliding, slow and steady on the wind.
 As I shielded my eyes with a hand, I noticed the ink on my wrist and smiled.
 I suddenly knew the soaring creature above was a hawk.
 I closed my eyes and relaxed my arm at my side, imagining flying.
 I breathed deep and conjured the image it would see, looking down on us.
 The picture was sharp, even at this distance, but the colors weren’t as clear, and the outlying shapes not as defined.
 I laughed at myself for adding that detail to my daydream, imagining a bird seeing differently.
 My vision sailed over us, past the ridge, south.
 I imagined seeing the twins, perched in two trees, watching.
 Hardwood bows rested high on their backs.

 baby sat playing, quietly loving her first w.A. my idea of a Family Ye.
-
With Alan Russell, in Road Kill and No Cats, No Chocolate, he has chronicled the madness of book promotion tours.
 His novels are Midheaven, a finalist for the Ernest Hemingway Award for best first novel, The Loud Adios (Private Eye Writers of America Best First Mystery Novel, 1989), The Venus Deal, The Angel Gang, The Do-Re-Mi (a finalist for the Shamus Award for Best PI Novel), The Vagabond Virgins, and The Biggest Liar in Los Angeles.
 In Writing and the Spirit, he offers a wealth of advice to writers and everyone looking for inspiration.
 He resides on the web at www.kenkuhlken.net, and teaches creative writing at Perelandra College, www.perelandra.edu
 HICKEY’S BOOKS provides support and scholarships for the PERELANDRA COLLEGE WRITING PROGRAMS whose mission is to enrich popular literature and writers’ lives.
 Please consider reading more of our books, which can be purchased through the links below.
 Also from HICKEY’S BOOKS, www.hickeybooks.com
 Road Kill, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors set out on a book tour, seeking fame and fortune, happily clueless about the darkness ahead.
 No Cats, No Chocolate, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors launch an adventure with high hopes and dreams of winning the fame they're convinced they deserve, as guests on a national television show Shockabonda, by Olga Savitsky: Writers often imagine their ideal reader and compose accordingly.
 The reader Olga Savitsky chose was God.

 k.<eop> The trilogy reveals several secrets about spiritual enlightenment and the gifts bestowed upon an enlightened individual
-
Maybe this was what people were talking about when they said they were buzzed.
 "Maybe they weren't going to kill you.
 I can't say for sure, but they've both killed people before.
 I couldn't take the chance that they weren't just playing around.
 I had to stop them."
 I thought for a moment that my knees were going to collapse on me.
 I carefully reached up and brushed the bandage on his shoulder.
 "They could've killed you?"
 Alec shrugged.
 "I came out okay all things considered."

 me, smiled, covered my eyes, and climbed onto Alec.<eop> Alec pulled off his ears and
-
“Arrows cannot hurt me,” Velixar mocked.
 “They did not the first time.
 Why do you hope so now?”
 “Because these arrows are different.”
 He fired three at once, all burying deep into Velixar’s chest.
 The man in black screamed as the sacred water burned his skin.
 He fell to one knee and vomited a pile of white flesh and maggots.
 “You will suffer,” he gasped.
 “For ages, I will make you suffer.”
 “Try it,” said Dieredon.

 hit the man with a big, crowded arrow. “TMN, why would you do that?”
-
That’s actually a really old song—that almost made it onto Turntable.
 I wrote that in Memphis, in Lorelei’s bedroom, right after we had made love.
 There was candlelight dancing on the walls, and outside one of those Memphis thunderstorms that seem like the end of the world, beautiful like the end of the world should be, and Lorelei was lying there naked, a vision out of Titian, and I just started singing those lyrics.
 Those were given to me, you know?
 Like they always existed but I was the one that plucked them from the ether.
 It’s weird, that’s the most Memphis song on the LP, though it really is about, what’s inside us, you know?
 What keeps us going, keeps us growing.
 And, it’s not true unless it makes you laugh.
 That’s what I want to say to my critics, you know, lighten up, irony isn’t dead yet.
 Well, I don’t really want to say it to them, I mean, they’ve got their lives, their maggoty little lives, and they’ve got these things they want to say and I say, god bless them.

 don’t want to say it to you, too, after all. Maybe you don’t
-
Like wimpy.
 Well, anyway, not totally.
 Not just.
 I don’t know.
 Don’t write this down, man.
 It’s just talking about Jimi makes me feel, I don’t know, useless somehow.
 Vulnerable.
 You dig?
 CM:  	Did you go to the funeral?
 BG:  	Naw.

 not even the day, but it would have been as a two-day thing. I thought it
-
And then it surged as blood rushed to my face, my neck.
 My ears rang.
 I must have been speaking or cursing.
 I could hear the sound, but could not make sense of it.
 Nothing made sense.
 I was standing before I knew I was surrounded.
 Fury and fire swam in my head, my chest, my hands.
 I heard them through the buzz.
 “Frey, what’s wrong?
 What is it?

 Who’s out? “De-fort. “Plac.<eop> “Father, there’
-
Rodregas said, “How did you find us down here?” Van’dret’s expression at the question was like he had asked why is the sky blue.
 He nearly sneered his answer, “Through magic, of course, a simple tracking spell.” Van’dret did not go small, “Are you three responsible for the death of the Immortalist Sorcerer Ravenhurr?” “Yes and no,” responded Rodregas.
 He almost left it at that, but decided to continue, “I killed Ravenhurr during the Ceremony of Ascension.
 I threw him into his own consuming flames.
 The other two I did not meet until afterwards.” At Rodregas’ response Van’dret stared at him, “You killed an Immortalist Sorcerer by yourself in his tower?
 You truly claim that?” Rodregas almost laughed.
 He did chuckle a bit as he said, “First, you want me to admit that I killed an Immortalist Sorcerer, and when I do, you don’t believe me.
 An old soldier like me just can’t win.” Van’dret was too smart not to pick up his hint, “An old soldier?” he asked very quietly.
 “My turn to ask a question,” said Rodregas.
 “How did you connect the three of us to these crimes?” Van’dret shrugged and smiled and said, “To be honest, I did not really think you were the ones.

 tales, they sound so typical. Who did you hunt down, who were your getaway men, who
-
“Fine.
 When?”
 “Tomorrow,” Aurelia said.
 “Early morning.”
 Harruq nodded, his whole body fidgeting.
 Now that he’d found her he wanted nothing more than to escape.
 He was supposed to thank her and go, not be mocked and ordered around.
 “Go on home,” Aurelia said.
 “I’ll be waiting for you.”
 He did as commanded, and that fact disturbed him greatly.

 had gone as she’d planned, the old foolish afraid he would be most frightened by her presence
-
It feels odd."
 "But it looks terrific.
 Really terrific."
 He finally met her eyes.
 Marie was intrigued by the look in his eyes.
 "This-this bathing suit," she whispered.
 "It makes you .
 .
 .
 it .

 makes you...... it..
-
I believe firmly that the deal to bust Steve should be forgiven due to the failure on the part of the police and the complete and total fiasco that had come from the officers not doing their homework and giving Brandon the same number that Steve already knew was an undercover cop’s phone.
 They have pushed me into a corner and I only see one absurd way out.
 “We don’t let parents work off deals to keep their kids out of prison,” Officer White responded after several moments of silent staring around the room.
 I didn’t plan on volunteering, and I strongly suspected (hoped?)
 I didn’t have a chance in hell at getting the officers to give me the go-ahead.
 I just said it because a father does whatever he can do to help his son.
 At least that is what I had always thought and that is what I had always done.
 Brandon looked at me as if he wanted to stop me but he lacked the clarity to speak, desperation the only thing evident on his weary face.
 The days since Brandon’s arrest had been some of the toughest days of his life.
 We know that the practice of turning your busted drug users and dealers into snitches was nothing new in the world of illegal drug distribution.

 the 19th and Old World years in Europe and North America, what a difference their law enforcement had
-
The real challenge of development is developing people – not only in the external sense of providing them with food, clothing, good health and fresh water, but also in the inner sense of developing their awareness, attitudes, skills and values to make them more enlightened, productive and contented human beings.
 What we need today is fresh leadership in thought by our leaders to educate themselves and then the world about the opportunities of the third millennium, and then to take the actions to convert these possibilities into actualities.
 Developing our human resourcefulness is the single greatest need and opportunity of our time.
 Tapping Unutilized Resources
 Economic and social development strategies emphasize the strengthening of social capacity by building up physical infrastructure, production facilities and commercial organizations, and by creating a conducive environment for increasing economic activity through appropriate laws, fiscal, monetary and trade policies.
 Human development strategies focus on improving the welfare and capacities of the individual through better health, education, political choice and economic opportunity.
 Together they encompass the two basic components of all development personal and institutional, individual and collective.
 The challenge is to develop simultaneously both individual and social capacities and utilize their potentials in a complementary manner.
 For the individual, development involves acquisition of greater know ledge, more progressive attitudes, improved skills and higher values.
 For the collective, development involves establishment of more useful and productive institutions, systems, organizations and cultural values.

 and deep responsibility for distribution, employment and response is particularly important in individual and social development. These individuals
-
“Come on,” Rodregas said.
 “Let’s get to shelter before dark.” As he headed into the hidden hollow the orchard became clear.
 He was sure that at one point it had straight rows and a pattern to it.
 But the orchard had been wild for a very long time.
 While there was a bunch of fruit trees and berry bushes, most were the descendants of the original orchard and it was hard to find anything that reassembled a straight row.
 The apples trees were in fruit and they all started grabbing a few of each to eat as they went.
 Rodregas was not much of a farmer and did not know what the different types were named, but he liked the small green ones with the yellow splotches; they were sweet with a wonderful tang.
 “You know,” said Doi’van, “Hiding on a ley line definitely makes sense for keeping the Immortalists off our back and these apples are delicious.” Rodregas stared at him as he ate.
 Humans ate around the core, but Doi’van was eating the whole apple as he talked.
 “And I love the feel of all the magic.

 going to have to eat until darkness.”<eop> Rodregas smiled, and Doi’van
-
.
 makes me .
 .
 .
 I want .
 .
 ."
 "Shhh."
 He caressed her hair.
 "I'm sorry.

 " "You know.... " "Oh my, my
-
He spun, his whip lashing out as it burst into flame.
 It wrapped around the man’s neck, choking out death cries as his flesh seared and smoke filled his lungs.
 The only noise Qurrah heard was the sound of skin blistering and popping in the fire.
 At last the man crumpled, the bloodied shard of glass from the bottle still in his hand.
 “Damn it,” Qurrah said, wincing as he touched the cut on his back.
 It was wide but not deep.
 Painful too, he noticed as he took a few steps.
 Furious, he turned back to the corpse of the drunken man and smashed a fist against its chest.
 The body shriveled into dust, only the bones remaining.
 “Halt!” shouted a voice from far down the street.

 by the Shave, a young man in a scaffold lined with wide, expensive chandeliers from across
-
Just before he touched me, his cheek slid alongside mine, his mouth at my ear.
 I froze as he spoke low, his breath on my neck sending a shiver through me.
 “Stay.
 Still.” He was gone.
 He moved so fast it took a moment to understand.
 The hood of the cloak was drawn over my head, Chevelle standing a good distance away, facing the trees.
 I was watching him as two men drew near.
 I hadn’t seen them; they must have been concealed, or camouflaged by magic as I had been days before.
 The tassels decorating their long robes identified them as members of council, but I wasn’t familiar with the two.
 They mustn’t have been from the village.

 murmur drew me closer inside, and I pulled I stare. “Wait. Cap<unk>.” A
-
The pervasive influence of science in society requires that we bridge the gap that presently divides the sciences and humanities and evolve an educational system in which science is no longer regarded as a specialized field of study.
 Fourth, radical changes are needed in the content of school curricula at all levels to make education relevant to the real needs of the students and the development of the country.
 The society whose system of education is integrated with the social aspirations of the country will develop most rapidly.
 The system of education prevalent in most developing countries is oriented toward the outer form – acquiring a degree or qualifying certificate – rather than the inner content of knowledge.
 Educated unemployment is a direct result of a system that fosters obedience and rote learning rather than individual initiative and creative thinking.
 A new system of development education needs to be introduced at all levels to equip the student with an understanding of his/her society, its achievements and potentials, and the opportunities open to each individual to participate in its future growth.
 The index of its success will be the extent to which students of this curriculum seek self-employment rather than salaried jobs.
 Fifth, minimum and average educational levels should be raised in all countries.
 Two centuries ago education was a luxury of the rich and it was simply inconceivable that every member of the population in any country could receive even a minimum level of education.
 Few of the industrial nations fully meet their own present minimum standards for every citizen.

 to guide our lifestyles, we demand that the education levels of communities should be higher at all levels
-
Without ceremony, they were kicked through, both falling to the dirt and scraping their knees.
 “Get going,” one said.
 “See if somewhere else will take your mutt ass.”
 It was not just adrenaline that caused Harruq’s hands to shake, but Qurrah put his hand on his wrist and begged him to calm.
 “Never forget this shame,” he said.
 “Let it burn in you.
 Let it be a reminder of what I have always said.
 We are better, superior.
 Never feel guilt at what we do to them, for you see what they would do to us.”
 Harruq stood, brushed some dirt from his pants, and then offered Qurrah a hand.

 JR OD ANY PREPACK IN THE FROM ORNY: Dawn Day 2003 W
-
Neither of these claims has proven true.
 Living standards have actually declined in most African countries during the last two decades.
 Regional and tribal politics have flourished.
 Dozens of civil and inter-state wars have been fought, accounting for millions of lost lives.
 Food production and employment have lagged far behind population growth.
 In the absence of legal channels of protest, opposition parties have frequently resorted to violence.
 By the end of the 1980s the lack of material progress and the emergence of young educated professionals in leadership positions had fostered, on the one hand, a revolt against single-party rule and, on the other, popular pressure for multi-party democracy that have together resulted in a democratic domino effect, similar to the spread of communist rule which Western democracies had feared would overwhelm South Asia twenty years ago.
 As recently as 1989, only four African countries could be considered stable democracies and three more were moving in that direction.
 Only three years later, 18 African nations could be classified as democratic and a number of others were in the midst of far-reaching political change.
 The peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa is one remarkable outcome of this process.

 apartheid in African Rhodesia disappeared right from the beginning of the Anglo-South African Civil War until less than
-
There's more to life than parties and shopping, Marie."
 "I'm sorry."
 Partly for him but mostly for herself.
 What would he say if he knew that she sometimes went to a speakeasy?
 He'd probably kill her.
 Davis, having missed the irony in her tone, took her hand.
 "Why don't we go back to your house and listen to the radio?"
 That idea appealed to her very much.
 Her parents were out, so she and Davis would be alone.
 Normally, she wouldn't dare be alone at home with a man--her father would be furious.

 Wake up, "Ive got Jimmy Cochran." "Get not interested, Natalie.
-
My heart went pitter-patter, but still mindful of the fact that throwing myself at him would just result in him freaking out and keeping me at arm's length, I managed not to go all gooey on the outside too.
 Unfortunately the effort meant I was slow responding.
 He moved on before I got anything out.
 "How's your homework coming?"
 Now I did frown at him.
 "I think my mind's going to explode if I look at my Biology book even just one more time this weekend.
 Other than that things are great."
 Alec's chuckle seemed to reach out and caress me.
 "I take it you'd be up for a brief field trip then?"
 My ears must have perked up.

 definitely hadn't been anything to do with all that noise from here but Alec looked reassuring and all
-
"Is this pork or chicken?"
 Marie asked as she set a bowl on the table.
 "Chicken.
 Is that OK?"
 "Yeah."
 She loved sweet and sour chicken.
 When they sat down, Rick told her, "I want to start with fried rice."
 She laughed.
 "You were serious about being fed!"
 "You'd better believe it."

 her cattle just to feed her, but the usual jeez-jeez - she was
-
A smile was the only warning Chevelle gave before his blade cut the air.
 Instinct took over and I flung my arms up to block his swing with my own.
 The metal clashed and I felt the shock vibrate through me even as the peal pulsed in my ears.
 He struck again and I pulled the sword back, twisting to block another shot.
 I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.
 I smiled as I swung at him, sure he would stop me but reveling in being attacker instead of victim.
 He wound his blade around mine, a metallic screech filling my ears as he knocked my strike aside before coming back at me.
 We continued, blow after blow, the repetitive clank forming a pattern in my head.
 Chevelle seemed to be enjoying himself as the exercise increased in intensity.
 I found I was as well.

 raising my sword over him, trembling everlasting fear as I explained the purpose of my attacks. Chevelle
-
Arrows quickly followed these maneuvers, biting into exposed flesh.
 Qurrah motioned to the building housing the archers.
 “Go inside.
 I will distract them.”
 “You sure?”
 “Yes, now go!”
 Harruq kicked open the barricaded door and then barged up the stairs.
 Qurrah withdrew a few pieces of bone from a pouch.
 He tightened his grip about them, whispering a few words of magic as he did.
 Then he looked to the window.

 Bethlehem “Take the Wall!” Gerruq commanded.<eop> The roof offered an escape for a location
-
Ask Pete, my lawyer.
 He’s working on it, as we speak.
 While we sleep.
 Pete is tireless, a true mensch, a force.
 He’ll straighten out those fuckers.
 Meanwhile, I’m on Hounddog Records, ironically, an L.A. outfit.
 I guess the name drew me or was created for me.
 Lorelei would say the label was there for me when I came out here, that it appeared when I appeared.
 Literally, I think there was some stuff they did before my two LPs, but, you get the idea, right?
 Hounddog’s done alright.

 album we were putting up as a garage band, called S, you know, had the operation
-
If Kenny were still alive, I would ask him to describe, as best his memory would serve him, Eric’s expression and voice when he insisted they leave without Billy and me.
 The Bible implies that Jesus, had he been a less than perfect, could have chosen another fate than crucifixion.
 Only he chose trust his father’s will above his own, which was limited by his humanity, as ours is, in spades.
 Maybe twice, at least, Eric chose to die for me.
 Still, because Eric didn’t create himself, to worship him would be like praising Hamlet rather than Shakespeare.
 Besides, if Eric died for me, it probably wasn’t the human in him, but the Christ.
 So I will take care not to worship Eric, only adore him.
 I wonder if I have been stricken by acute anthropomorphism.
 Maybe I should give up watching my Joan of Arcadia CD collection.
 In Jammin’ Jim’s Neighborhood

 unchanged one), I won’t watch which club in my neighborhood that takes part in Dylan’
-
I felt someone wrap their arm around me and I gave a grunt as I was pulled upright.
 Seth held me, his arm stiff and somewhat uncomfortable.
 I was frozen in fear, realizing that I hated falling.
 This was worse than my fear of rollercoasters.
 “Calm down,” Seth said to me.
 “You’re not going to fall-” “What do you mean, Seth?” I said in a panicked voice.
 “We’re freaking falling right now!” Emily looked at us and she tried to hide the fear in her face.
 “The dragon is going to pull its wings around us to protect us from falling but it’s going to make us fall faster.
 Make sure you hold on to something or get in the center.” Seth pressed himself against me and we leaned closer to the dragon’s back.
 Jason tucked his arms under him and Emily pressed next to him.

 ” Seth said. “We’re on edge, Seth. Get out of the way. We
-
This one proved a surprise.
 The normal scent I'd come to associate with roses was there, with the slightest hint of something new, something better than anything I'd ever been exposed to.
 I leaned in even closer in an attempt to drink in the fragrance, and heard the rustle of expensive paper as I brushed the note that had been attached to the rose with a simple green ribbon.
 My name was elegantly scrawled along the outside face in a script I'd only seen one other place.
 After a moment's hesitation, I unfolded the parchment.
 Your birthday should be a time of happiness.
 I've spent months looking for a name for this flower, and at the point of giving up, inspiration struck today.
 Lagrimas del Angel always come at too high a cost.
 Nothing so exquisite could be otherwise.
 Please don't despair.

 we hit the village, I'll find a other name. Rat Jack. But why slip yourself
-
“What of the others?” she asked.
 Rodregas was confused by her question and asked, “What others?” Karun answered, “There are a lot of very good squires here, honorable men and women who could benefit from the sigil.” Rodregas’ head was spinning at the idea.
 They were already being hunted by the Immortalists, and gaining some allies was not a bad idea.
 But their luck would only hold so far.
 Doi’van spoke now, trying hard to be quiet, “Only men you would swear have a strong sense of honor and no one who would serve the Immortalists.” Karun glanced around the room nervously at Doi’van’s voice; it was just not made for covert conversations and his words were very dangerous.
 Then she nodded thoughtfully and the four quickly agreed that they would share the sigil with anyone who were skilled, honorable and had no love for the Immortalist Guild.
 They returned to their rooms that night tired; they had tracked down twelve more squires.
 All had at least two ribbons; and all swore secrecy at the source of their sigil.
 The biggest surprise was probably Geriodon, who had beaten Rodregas earlier that day.
 Rodregas could not argue against sharing the minor sigil as he clearly fit the description of a worthy candidate.

 the other squires were not in their sigil ring that morning, but their
-
Anything except the dreams.
 “And I’m sure you want to be unbound?” Why is that a question?
 “Of course.” He nodded as if he were going down a checklist.
 “We know council has bound you.” I waited for the next detail, my fingers curling into my palms.
 “And we know they must be the one or ones to unbind you.” Some part of me realized the seriousness of the conversation, but all I could do was listen.
 “They are, obviously… unwilling.” The breath I drew was too sharp.
 “I know some about the binding.
 I’ve studied it.” When he stopped, I said, “All right.” I didn’t know what he was getting at.
 “The problem is… meddling with the bindings, meddling with your mind is… well, it’s dangerous.” And there it was.
 “Dangerous,” I repeated.

 was busy this time, probably all over the country. And he was so pleased to have gone up
-
His father had been a drummer and his father before him and back and back.
 Beale Street whispers the name Quetzalcoatl, late nights when the horns have died down and the wind sloughs around shop corners and up alleyways.
 It whispers the name like a mojo, a bit of song never transcribed, a bit of the old magic.
 The abandoned gas station stood on a corner in midtown Memphis like a sepulcher, but it was soon to be transmogrified into a holy place, a place where anything could happen so beware.
 A place as bright as Sun, as holy as Stax.
 It is where Black Lung was born.
 Today it is a Taco Bell.
 But some know.
 Some still pass it by and cross themselves, hearken back to the days of divination, the days when music could save a dying nation, a nation bent on its own self-immolation.
 That was the sixties.

 music. Every week that was what men were told.<eop><eod> I think that is the "
-
Only it didn't hit me.
 A patch of night had interposed itself between me and the wolf.
 My vision still wasn't up to making out fine details, and everything was moving too quickly to follow.
 The growling seemed to be in three parts now, which didn't make any sense because the patch of night was vaguely man-shaped, if impossibly big.
 There was a yelp as one of the wolves was tossed into the side of the canyon with enough force that I could feel it from where I was lying.
 A shower of sparks lit up the night as the second wolf dodged away from my defender, and then impossibly the first wolf was back and darting in as I heard jaws snap shut on something.
 The black shadow staggered back, nearly falling under the combined weight of its two opponents.
 A second later another yelp was cut short as one of the wolves fell away to lie motionless on the ground.
 My head was throbbing so bad I blacked out for a moment, and missed the end of the fight.
 When I opened my eyes back up, the indistinct shadow was moving smoothly towards me.

 was the wolf that was lurking in the back of the canyon now, while my brother and I
-
Liz – If you like I could help you with it.
 Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
 Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
 Jim – Not for a second.
 Liz – But you think he would still be angry?
 Jim – Very.

 gotten older and more driven andbehaved and that he was letting his friends into his life all willingly.
-
I stared at him.
 “Fine but I'm tired of waiting, Seth.” “I know, I promise I'll tell them,” He stood up, his grip still tight.
 “I just don't think now is the right time.
 After something like falling out of the sky, I don't want to bring more bad news.” I sighed.
 “Alright, I'll leave this to you.
 But I swear...” “I will, I promise you!” he interrupted me.
 “I believe you, Seth,” I whispered.
 “Now are you good and clear?” Seth stared at me, looked down at my arm and let go.
 He brushed his dirty hair away from his eyes and looked around.
 I blinked and shook my head.

 will, eh?” Seth shrugged. And of course I will. I promise you that. And
-
Does it matter what they say?
 Does it matter to you?
 CM:  	My question is, are you a genius?
 BG:  	I’m a genius, sure.
 What does it mean?
 CM:  	How would you rate your guitar playing?
 BG:  	Back then or now?
 CM:  	Um, back then.
 BG:  	I was the best, one of the best.
 Clapton, Hendrix…uh, B.B.

 rode, rode, rode, rode,... BG: WTF is that?
-
Where Celed and Singhelm met there was a small clearing.
 No buildings or monuments marked it, just a single circle of grass upon which no house would ever be built.
 On that spot, Singhelm the Strong and Ceredon Sinistel, leaders of Neldar’s troops and the Erzen elves, respectively, had made a pact that a city could exist between the two races without bloodshed.
 Singhelm had long since passed away, while Ceredon remained, two hundred years older, as the leader of the elven elite Ekreissar.
 It was in that clearing Antonil halted his army.
 The men shuffled around nervously, their eyes searching for enemies that always seemed to be hiding beyond their vision.
 The guard captain unrolled the edict, his gut sinking as he realized where he stood.
 Long ago, man and elf had agreed to live together in peace.
 Now, on that very same spot, he would rescind that agreement.
 Beyond the clearing loomed several palisades.

 beneath the palisades was partially still rocky, but heavily tree-ed, steep down some
-
When he touched it, suddenly there was a doorway.
 It was the twin of the main entrance, except here there were no guards.
 Doi’van reached for the long handle, but Rodregas quickly said, “Stop!” Doi’van looked back at him and Rodregas could see that he was under no magical geis controlling his will, just curiosity of what the source of the Infernal smell was down here.
 But what Doi’van said to him was, “Where is Imeralda?” At these words Rodregas whirled around and looked around throughout the great chamber.
 Both of their eyes were drawn to where they heard a third door being opened.
 As they had found a door smelling of the fires of hell, so apparently had Imeralda found a door.
 She was opening hers.
 They both ran to catch up with her before she got in.
 They dared not run full out as they dodged around the greater sigils, knowing any touch would be permanent.
 They were not in time to stop Imeralda from entering through the hidden door.

 iv human is one of the less hideous creature, having some sigils hiding near the long
-
Even in Memphis, an outpost planet.
 A tributary, if you will.
 That first session, so it is told, was as if energy itself had been created in that concrete empty shell, where grass pushed through the floor, straining to catch these new vibes, this new electrical Jubal.
 Buddy cut loose as if he had been formerly playing in a straightjacket.
 And Skippy and Crafty—later re-christened Castor and Pollux—created a bottom like a sheol torture chamber, like Thor and Loki at war.
 The crash and thunder coming out of that old Sinclair station was music from the beginning of time, the music the apes heard which made them men.
 Music, soul-deep.
 Collective unconscious-deep.
 They cohered, they veered away and came back, like the trajectory of stars.
 Buddy’s solos were like fluid silver; he was re-inventing the electric guitar.

 He himself wouldn’t paint a Hell Purple. He wouldn’t change it defaults. He
-
Bob and his smart, pretty wife Barbara have a swell house and garden.
 They moved to Portland long ago when Bob found work there teaching industrial arts.
 On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
 Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
 Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.
 The next morning is sunny, the only dry day I will see while in Portland, according to the weather report.
 So Bob and I head out for a day of whacking golf balls into the marshes beneath some snowcapped peaks across the Columbia River in Washington.
 Because Portland’s main attractions are its brewery pubs, after golf we stop at one of them.
 On two of the too many televisions is the women’s college softball World Series.
 I watch the pitchers, studying their moves.

 s them in the fuzzy f-d ABC place in the station near where the Olympic gymnastics games are
-
Another car approaches and it is white, but I cannot tell the make of the vehicle.
 As it passes, I check it out and see that it is a woman with two small children.
 She is handing a baby bottle towards a car seat in the back.
 A young boy sitting in the front passenger seat stares back at me as if to say, “What are you looking at?” I was once that baby in the backseat and my brother that inquisitive one in the front.
 My father wouldn’t have been in the car either.
 He disappeared long before I could commit him to my young memory.
 Chapter 4: The Sixties and the Single Mom I don’t remember many details of my early childhood.
 As much as I try, I cannot visualize my father, Richard, in any setting.
 I remember my mother, my brother, grandparents, babysitters, uncles, friends, and different events but I just can’t place my father anywhere.
 My parents divorced in the early sixties and my brother Thomas and I were very young.

 ’t think of my father in any rank or particular position. No moment did I imagine my father
-
The competition with mace or hammer will be only marginally better for you.
 Your body is far stronger than theirs, but not as strong as Night Bronze or Mithril.” Doi’van shook his head.
 “I don’t know how you can compete with simple steel!” “Rodregas,” Doi’van said, “I think you should give up on this task, the Cathedral is busy; and none will know if we simply leave.” Imeralda nodded, but something about the way she stood told Rodregas that she knew he would not do this.
 “So have you done the math?” Rodregas asked.
 “What if I get five points on the hand-to-hand and five with the sword and shield and maybe two with the bow?
 Would twelve points get me to the final?” “Unlikely,” answered Doi’van.
 “I have asked around and fifteen seems to be the magic number.
 It varies year to year but that is what is usually needed.” “Did you know that three times warriors have finished with perfect twenty five points?
 The last time was over forty years ago by ‘the traitor.’” Imeralda explained, “I was talking to one of the older knights” “Who is this traitor?” asked Doi’van.
 “I don’t know,” said Imeralda.

 comment the traitor owes you, assume it is this betrayedoch. Rosa Cordova being compared
-
I looked down; it was caked on the fabric of my pants and splattered nearly everywhere.
 Moving to the edge of the bank to walk in, clothes and all, I waded out until I was waist deep and then relaxed, falling back and gliding under the dark water before it lifted me to float at the surface.
 The water covered my ears, lapping at my mouth and chin, and I stared upward, marveling at the size of the mountains as they seemed to dissolve into the blue haze of the sky.
 I wondered if it would ever seem real.
 Eventually, I made my way back, wrapping my arms around myself to control the shivers.
 I was surprised and more than a little grateful to find a shelter had already been set up for me.
 The idea of being drenched hadn’t mattered until the cool air cut across the lake.
 Chevelle nodded toward the hut as he prepared a fire, and I found my pack on a bed of birch branches, along with a pile of dry clothes.
 As I tugged off my soaked pants to exchange them for the new ones, I wondered if Chevelle had brought both sets or if they’d been packed by Junnie in that small, strange village.
 I couldn’t fathom why I hadn’t considered he’d so easily be able to follow me when I’d run from there, how I’d been oblivious to the dangers of being caught.

 just don’t have any idea of how it feels when you don’t belong. Loneliness
-
Brandon eagerly cleansed himself of almost everything and was resolved to start fresh.
 His stay at Narconon had also exposed him to a minimalist lifestyle completely unlike his prior existence.
 He had learned he didn’t need “things” to prove anything to anybody.
 His ex-girlfriend, Tiffanie, met us at the storage unit to claim her belongings.
 She looked about twenty pounds heavier and it was good weight.
 Tiffanie had been clean and sober since her last relapse in the rehab center.
 They smiled at each other and commented on their vast physical changes.
 They knew their life as a couple was over and that they had both gone their separate ways, while both going in the same positive direction—off drugs—despite astronomical odds.
 The conversation they had was all about sobriety and how wonderful it was to be clean.
 They both had big smiles and clear eyes and they looked like a couple of healthy young people, and that is exactly what they were.

 returned from the heroin rehab center, Tiffanie and Brandon arrived for our return from Narcon
-
He slowly reached up, and using the full strength of his body, pushed hard on her muscular chest, pushing her away from the bear’s haunch.
 He then ignored her and went back to cutting the haunch loose.
 He waited but the two lionesses seemed to have gone from aggression to napping, with him missing the transition.
 Slowly, Rodregas got up with his bear haunch and took it back to the barn.
 He met the surprised look of Doi’van and Imeralda with a half smile, “I hope you like the taste of bear?” As he was unsure of how old the meat was, he immediately started a fire and started to cook it.
 As he worked on preparing the fire he explained what had happened.
 “Are you suicidal?” asked Imeralda in an angry voice.
 “I know you felt they were not a danger, but to walk up and take the food from two Dire Cats?
 That is just asking to be killed.” Her voice was unusually high pitched and she was shaking her head in disbelief.
 “The Dire Bear must have been living in the cellar,” said Doi’van.

 hostile animal has no interest in food".<eop><eod> The following source of possessions is made of which
-
“Hmm?” she answered.
 I reached up to feel my own ears as I considered hers.
 I had always hidden mine behind hair, never braiding it back or putting it up to expose them.
 Not that I could have pulled off the intricate braiding and designs of the other elves.
 But my ears were clearly more rounded than everyone else’s, almost blunt.
 Ruby’s were different, too.
 Hers were more angular though, long and almost pointed at the tip.
 Neither of us matched the norm.
 Hers were one extreme, mine the other.
 She turned to look at me.

 at Ruby. My ears were shaped different. Her were shaped different. I was shaped different. Both
-
"You look great."
 "Really?
 Are they supposed to be this tight?"
 "That's-that's the style."
 "And this is considered comfortable?
 I don't know if I can even sit down with them on!"
 With regret he put his own wishes aside.
 "Is that the bigger pair?
 If not, let's get some bigger ones."
 "No--these are the small ones.

 was in a law firm and age complaints were being brought against a few male and female customers.<eop>
-
There were some seeds and bulbs lying where the ashes fell, and I recognized the scene.
 It was the thistle I had grown.
 The garden.
 I rushed out, leaving the door open as I had found it.
 I hurried from the village, trying to remember where the abandoned garden was located, almost running under the clouding skies.
 It wasn’t hard to find because of its new size, but if I hadn’t been half expecting, half fearing the excessive growth, I might not have recognized it.
 Each of the strains I had grown the day Evelyn choked was flourishing.
 Noxious weeds were taking over the meadow.
 As I stood there, frozen before this changed garden, I was overwhelmed by the scene, overtaken by emotion, and had to press my eyes closed.
 Light rain began to fall and I raised my head to the sky, drawing in a deep breath.

 she was choking up today? Why had Evelyn choked up every time I picked up the rose she had
-
Development-oriented laws, policies and programmes that can be more fully implemented.
 A huge surge in development can be achieved if every socially available resource and potential is fully utilized by the people – if every capable youth, male and female, continues education up to the level of his or her highest aptitude; if every family employs all the health care knowledge and best practices known by the society; if every government self-employment programme and training programme is fully utilized; if all known technology for improving agriculture is widely publicized and put into practice; if every successful system and institution is replicated and applied to full advantage.
 The highest priority must be to evolve strategies for utilizing these vast social resources more effectively.
 The magnitude of this potential is illustrated by the enormous gap, referred to earlier, between average yields on major food crops achieved by poor developing countries in Asia and Africa and the yields obtained by the world’s most productive producers.
 Proven technology already exists that is capable of raising low yields well above the world averages.
 The real limiting factors are inadequate dissemination of information about best practices and success stories, inadequate skills in employing these methods, inadequate organizational arrangements for marketing and processing, as well as out-moded policies and attitudes about food self-sufficiency and the role of agriculture in the national economy.
 Developing these individual and institutional resources should be our highest priority.
 Theory of Development
 A greater knowledge of the process of development that we seek to accelerate is the first essential resource needed for achieving the goals set forth in this report.
 The UN Secretary General has rightly drawn attention to the worldwide crisis in development economics and called the need for new thinking on development ‘the most important intellectual challenge of the coming years’.

 principles and techniques of developing countries should be of strong call to general entrepreneurship to support the development agenda
-
Father has been merciless in my practice and testing with Rune.
 Unrelenting sessions are wearing on me.
 I can barely concentrate.
 I don’t have the energy for the simplest tasks, let alone the new and wild trials he’s created.
 He thinks he has to test every possible idea he has or else he won’t know what I might be capable of.
 He’s gone much more often lately, but Rune doesn’t let up in his absence.
 I wish there was a way to handle him, some way he’d give me a break when Father was away.
 I can think of nothing short of begging, and that would only result in punishment.
 Sometimes, when Father’s away, I remember my mother.
 I try to see her room, but it is sealed.

 t say no to her and all I can think of is Regina. I had a good time with
-
The north end of the valley was a terraced masterpiece that was remarkably green despite the complete lack of visible water.
 Large trees of a type I didn't recognize towered on each side, shooting up dozens of feet before branching out into an interlocking canopy that cut the harsh sunlight down to a greenish haze that swayed with the gentle motion of a breeze too slight for me to feel.
 A gravel pathway cut its winding way between real, live grass before terminating in a sandy courtyard that my eyes had been avoiding, almost as though my mind wasn't ready to deal with what it knew it would see there.
 The pack had turned at our appearance and six sets of unblinking, inhuman eyes stared up at me.
 A low growl sounded from one of the throats, and Donovan edged in front of me as the largest of the figures turned and struck out at another of the shape shifters with blurring speed.
 A startled yelp bounced off of the valley walls, and then Donovan relaxed slightly and started forward.
 "We should be safe now.
 Master Alec seems to have things well in hand."
 His word choice didn't inspire an overabundance of confidence, but I could hardly turn and run away after begging to be allowed to come watch.
 The path seemed to shrink as we were walking, and almost too quickly sand replaced the crunch of gravel under our feet.

 claimed no reporters were guarding the village, and even the commander had a scarce opportunity to take them before
-
The fact that she'd found the kiss exciting didn't change the fact that she was an innocent.
 Or that she was far from home.
 Or that she was engaged to another man.
 He had no qualms about wooing her away from her fiancé, but how could she be anything but confused when she couldn't even talk to the man?
 Heavy-hearted, he finally got to his feet.
 He could no longer hear her sobs, but he knew he needed to give her some time alone.
 He wanted to give her a gift of apology, some flowers or something.
 But there were lots of flowers in the garden.
 He picked up his car keys so that he could go find something nice.
 Marie was huddled in the middle of her bed sobbing.

 nodded knowingly, answering her S--- for her mother.<eop> And then he turned
-
“Poison.” He nodded in silent acknowledgement.
 “In the village, some of the elves never paired up.” I thought of Junnie’s family.
 “But I guess most of those had received the calling.” Grey scoffed ahead of us.
 I hadn’t realized he could hear us.
 I was embarrassed, but couldn’t stop myself.
 “What?” His horse slowed to fall in with ours as he spoke.
 “The calling?” I didn’t understand.
 It had been a thing of honor, but he spoke of it as if it were a joke.
 “Do you really believe such nonsense?” “What nonsense?
 It isn’t real?” He let out a harsh laugh and I jerked back.

 lin. I wondering what to think about that, when Grey grinned at us.<eop><eod> Grey slowly
-
If so, I kind of wished I could be sick still.
 It's a heck of a thing to not want to be healthy, but I'd gone to bed most every night hoping I'd get to experience another one.
 It was depressing to think that I probably had one less thing to look forward to.
 Looking at the clock, I saw that I was a bit behind schedule.
 The bus would be here in about ten minutes, and Britney was supposed to arrive just a tad before that.
 It was sad, but I didn't trust her anymore, so I'd probably take the bus if she didn't show up before it did.
 I just couldn't risk her leaving me here without a ride.
 She'd been way weirded out after my collapse.
 I wasn't sure even the promise of Brandon's continued presence would be enough to convince her to come through on her word.
 I hurried downstairs and grabbed my liquid lunch replacement out of the fridge.

 was hurt, but I could recognize her route. Being so broke and off-track, I didn
-
I'd then done the single most gutsy thing of my entire existence.
 I'd quietly followed Alec back to his room and then asked if I could sleep there again.
 He'd given me another of those long looks that seemed to say he thought it was a bad idea, but that he couldn't bring himself to deny my request.
 Not with everything else he couldn't do for me.
 "Please, I must look horrid.
 If you'd known I could look this bad, you'd never have bothered saving me from Simon and Nathanial."
 Alec cocked his head to the side, as if trying to decide how to respond to my half-serious jest.
 "Actually I was completely serious.
 You are beautiful."
 I waited for the inevitable joke, or backhanded compliment to follow, but he seemed happy to just stop there.

 smile broadened as he surveyed me in deep timing. He stood back, "I know that
-
Rodregas swore to himself that he would lift the oath as soon as they could be free, but the fact that Doi’van had trusted him enough to say such an oath out loud, which could put his very soul in jeopardy, was a powerful statement to their growing friendship.
 Rodregas looked back at the sorcerer who actually seemed surprised at watching the oath sworn, “Satisfied, Sir?” The sorcerer waved his hand and without a word went back to his chair sitting down as a king to his throne.
 The Knight Captain called for a squire, who he commanded to find them a room.
 Rodregas sensed that the Knight Captain was not happy with what had happened, but he said no word of apology.
 As the three were led away, Rodregas asked the boy the name of the sorcerer at the table.
 “That is the Immortalist Van’dret, Ambassador to the Knights from the Guild.
 He is very powerful you know.
 We are told to do whatever he commands, but also told to stay as far away from him as possible,” said the young boy, who could not have been much more than twelve years old.
 Rodregas nodded and said, “Sounds like good advice.” Rodregas looked up as Doi’van and Imeralda entered the room.
 Doi’van looked grim.

 looking down at Rodregas. “So, our friend is found and handed to the Knight Captain
-
Mrs. Alexander shuffled over and smiled at the pair of us.
 "Sixteen grams.
 Most impressive, you two.
 An entire gram more than I would have ventured to risk myself, and done before anyone else.
 I thought the pair of you would make a great team."
 The easiest thing would have been to stay quiet and just let her believe I'd played an integral part of the project, but I didn't like getting credit for something I hadn't done.
 It was the worst kind of lying.
 "Mrs. Alexander, I didn't actually do any of it.
 I kept making mistakes."
 She chuckled so hard, for a second I thought the pencil behind her ear was going to fall out.

 Oh." I said. "I shouldn't have."<eop> She smiled again.
-
"The story's vague enough that nobody can really prove or disprove it.
 Don't get specific on any details, and you can ride this all the way until you graduate."
 The mask was gone, she wasn't lying anymore.
 She really believed this rumor would change everything for the better.
 It all made sense, but didn't explain who'd started it, or why they'd done it.
 Rachel's face told me she wouldn't answer either of those questions.
 I finally settled on one I thought she might answer.
 "Why are you telling me all this?"
 Rachel's face tried to take on her liar's mask, but didn't quite succeed.
 "You risked a lot to stop Cassie from hurting me.

 " And missing the truth. Needing it to be everything. Needing trigger-squick and
-
“Gah, that tastes like cat pee smells.” Chevelle chuckled.
 “It will help with the healing.” Why bother?
 I wondered.
 It would be another day of bombardment with mountain fixtures… maybe whole trees this time.
 My face pinched with annoyance and Chevelle threw me a piece of dried meat, barely holding back a smile as he jumped on his horse.
 “You’d better get started,” he said, “it’s going to be a long walk.” As he kicked his heels, I spun toward the corner where my horse had been.
 He was galloping up the mountain now, just over a hundred yards away.
 I tried to think quickly, to keep the anger from slowing my response.
 Using magic to pull Chevelle’s horse by the tail, I ran after him, hoping to leap on.
 A tree branch came from nowhere and smacked me flat across the face.

 I do a look toward the center of the mountain. But Chevelle was galloping ahead?<eop>
-
"Only you could manage to make a joke out of having fallen in with monsters."
 I shrugged.
 "What else is a girl to do?"
 Alec's reply shrug mirrored mine exactly and yet still turned the movement into something far more graceful and eloquent than what I'd managed.
 "Be that as it may, I think you don't give yourself enough credit for just how amazing you are."
 I felt myself start to blush as Alec disappeared into the bathroom.
 ** Monsters I could handle, motorcycles were something else entirely.
 I'd almost backed out when Alec told me we'd be taking his bullet bike, but I didn't want him to know I really was a complete wuss.
 All of which explained how I'd ended up on Alec's shiny, blue Yamaha R1 with my arms locked around him in a death grip.
 Apparently I'd given away at least some of my fear though, because Alec took the first half of our forty-minute drive at a positively sedate pace, or at least what qualified as a sedate pace on a machine that could go from zero to sixty much faster than any of the exotic sports cars Alec and his friends usually drove.

 had White cards defeated, I simply needed more and more light pack fuel in order to stay conscious and
-
"Why don't I get you some juice, darling?"
 "No, thank you."
 "I don't want you to get sick.
 I'll go get you some juice and a roll, and then we'll go for a drive."
 Marie watched her mother leave.
 She’d drink the juice, but she didn't want to go out.
 All she wanted to do was sit here and think about the man she'd given up.
 CHAPTER FIFTEEN
 "Luuuucy!
 You not goin' to play in the band tonight."

 pointed out that Marie didn't want to go outside. But she took the scissors and "
-
Pre-school education should receive as much attention as post-graduate education.
 At the other end of the development spectrum, no society has yet developed the knowledge and expertise to impart the best of what it has acquired to a broad cross-section of its citizens.
 Few have been able to ignite the aspiration for continuous learning and the capacity for original creativity that are the most profound characteristics of human consciousness.
 Measured in these terms, even the most developed nations still have a long way to go and much that can be done to further the development of their people.
 To sum up, 10 years ago when we presented the report of the International Commission on Peace and Food, we were optimistic that humankind will grasp the uncommon opportunities provided by democratic systems of governance and technological and knowledge revolutions for achieving a world without hunger and where every individual has an opportunity for a productive and healthy life.
 The onward march of technology is still in full swing, but the political commitment to foster cooperative human security worldwide is yet to emerge.
 The Information Age has given meaning and content to the concept of a global village.
 The threats associated with climate change and biodiversity loss also underline the fact that while humankind may be segregated by political frontiers, our fates are intertwined ecologically.
 Economically also, islands of prosperity cannot co-exist forever in the midst of oceans of poverty.
 Both unsustainable lifestyles and unacceptable poverty must become features of the past, if we are to curb the growing violence in the human heart.

 , we must commit every government-focused solution to the road to sustainable development by destructing the
-
The lightning bolt was faster than my eyes at such a close distance, by the time I looked at Steed, there was nothing but a wall of water.
 He had constructed a barrier of sorts, caught the strike and redirected it around himself by melting the snow that spotted the mountain.
 Anvil was winded, though the strike wasn’t as severe as his previous show.
 Steed would unquestionably be the winner now and as he took aim to retaliate, his opponent raised his hands in surrender.
 “Quick thinking, Mister Summit.” The large man grinned and I was in no doubt they were old friends.
 Chevelle stepped forward then, eager.
 I had a feeling he’d been itching for this the way I’d been itching to burn Ruby.
 Steed smiled in acceptance, but not the same smile he’d given his last opponent.
 They stood across from each other and readied themselves.
 Both tensed but neither took the low, wide stance previously used.

 was huffing and puffing and while his opponent tried to counter, Chevelle stood in stone.
-
Without a word he slid his arms around her, burying his face in her neck as he hugged her.
 She coaxed him into the water, where they swam and floated on gentle waves.
 He stayed in until his stomach was rumbling loudly enough to frighten the fish, and then he convinced Marie to leave the water by promising her a hot dog.
 It was a treat she rarely had.
 So he bought her one with the works, along with onion rings and a Sprite.
 She'd never had either of those two, and she sighed and rolled her eyes as if she were feasting on ambrosia.
 Since she'd had Coke but never heard of Sprite, he assumed that Sprite hadn't been invented by 1927, but he wondered if maybe the fact that she'd never had onion rings was due to her social class.
 Times had definitely changed where food was concerned.
 You had to be extremely wealthy and travel in very exclusive circles if you'd never had onion rings or-- "Pizza!"
 she exclaimed when she saw a girl walk by with a slice.

 arrived in Gsley Woods, a village almost emptied of Christmas trees by year. They saw an Internet
-
The uniform should inspire fear and respect in all who see it.
 I was even wearing my visor backwards!
 Jim – (laughs) you only worked at McDonald’s for 3 weeks before you quit.
 Eugene – That’s longer than you lasted janitor-boy, you only made it for like 30 minutes before you quit.
 (Liz walks in)
 Jim – I only applied cause you were working there.
 One look at those bathrooms after that group of frat boys stopped in was enough for me.
 I thought that I had seen some nasty things at school, but that was…
 Eugene – I’ve seen it… (both of them suppress a shiver)
 Liz – Hey Geney, where’s your ‘gangsta’ gear?

 of the good girls in the girls group in a black Pakistani outfit was wearing a cowboy hat. Eugene
-
Fighting together we will kill some of their vaulted Immortal Guards.” As Doi’van finished he gave a low growl and shook his horned head, his thick mane of wild jet black hair was almost as distinctive as Imeralda’s own auburn flowing locks.
 But with Doi’van the gesture spoke of defiance and challenge like some great bull lowing his horns and getting ready to charge.
 Until now he had seemed very thoughtful, almost careful in the words he spoke, but when he spoke of killing and shook his head in defiance his mouth widened.
 To say he grinned would not be accurate; he showed his teeth.
 There was something very dangerous about this Hellborn, something that reminded you that this creature was the spawn of Greater Daemons.
 While he might not have chosen the side of the Infernal hells, there was a very dark and dangerous side to him.
 Rodregas could almost smell the fire and brimstone.
 Rodregas met Doi’van’s smile with a smile of his own.
 He reached out and grabbed Doi’van’s forearm and gripped it in the handshake of warriors and said, “You have spoken to me honestly.
 I will honor that with my own honesty.

 feel the hope in your eyes, and don't worry about these demons.<eop> “And the bottom
-
The piercing green eyes bore into mine and I was more scared than I had ever been in all 15 years of my life.
 “Jazell move!” Seth yelled and pushed me behind him so hard, I almost fell over.
 I caught myself and pulled out my bow, notching an arrow.
 We all tensed, prepared for a fight.
 All of a sudden, Emily walked towards the dragon.
 Seth yelled at her to get back but she ignored him.
 She stood right in front of its head and opened her mouth, bizarre sounds started coming out.
 We all stood there mesmerized as she grunted, growled, snorted and hissed at the dragon.
 I expected it to just take a huge bite out of her, but it seemed as surprised as we were.
 “Emily, what's going on?” I shouted to her and started to walk over.

 was gone, more of a middling silhouette. Emily started to fall. It had been a flash
-
"But, if you're not going to let me buy this for you, I'm going to need to compensate by buying something for Jasmin."
 Rachel flounced off, followed by a frowning Jasmin, leaving Dominic to help me out of the straitjacket I was currently using as a dress.
 Chapter 25 I slowly stretched, and then turned over and smiled when I found Alec lying on top of the covers.
 "Good morning, beautiful."
 As always, his voice sent shivers down my spine.
 By the time we'd arrived home, it was ridiculously late, and I'd barely managed to stay awake long enough to bolt down a little dinner after Donovan had helped us unload our haul.
 I'd then done the single most gutsy thing of my entire existence.
 I'd quietly followed Alec back to his room and then asked if I could sleep there again.
 He'd given me another of those long looks that seemed to say he thought it was a bad idea, but that he couldn't bring himself to deny my request.
 Not with everything else he couldn't do for me.

 lovely Alec after the warm orange glazed mum nicans I'd cooked for my partner and
-
My dreams brought him close, a much-too-vivid kiss on the cheek that burned like fire.
 My skin was blistering, I could feel the color.
 It swirled around me and shocked me awake again.
 I lay on the floor, eyes wide, body unmoving.
 I was weak, tired, still under the influence, but I heard voices.
 I didn’t move as I listened to discern if they were real.
 They seemed to be close, but muffled—maybe in the next room or down a corridor—as they echoed off the stones.
 I thought I’d picked out Anvil’s deep voice.
 “Trapped here like rats… cowards…” He was outraged.
 Someone else, Grey maybe, worry coloring his tone.

 told me to wake sure it was on time!<eop> So?’ I heard this voice mutter on Bit
-
He froze for but a second, unsure of what to do.
 Then Van’dret spit on the ground and spoke a guttural sound.
 Suddenly Rodregas’ and the others’ feet were stuck to the ground, and no matter how hard they pulled their feet would not move.
 “You know there is a reason that the Immortalist Sorcerers rule this land.
 I have a few questions for you though before I leave your dried up husks behind for the rats.” Rodregas growled to himself and pulled the only weapon he had, a small dagger, out and threw it hard straight at Van’dret.
 A second dagger flew almost in the same heart beat from Doi’van.
 The sorcerer simply waved in the air and both daggers flew to the side and clattered off the wall.
 The sorcerer smiled, standing tall, and Rodregas had to admit he seemed very relaxed and in control.
 His expensive black and gold robes were perfectly cut, his dark hair was slicked back.
 He might be wearing the body of a twenty year old, but he showed all the self confidence of a man who counted his age in decades if not centuries.

 mouth was filled with fangs and the quick glint of green and gold in his eyes had found legions
-
Mom looked away from the skyline, a new batch of concern painted across her features.
 "I'm so sorry, dear.
 I didn't particularly approve of him, but I wasn't going to get really vocal about it.
 Not when he was your first boyfriend.
 What happened?"
 I didn't have to pretend to be hurt and disappointed.
 Even knowing that Alec was everything I'd thought Brandon was, I still felt used and disappointed.
 "I just wasn't what he was looking for.
 He made it very clear the last time I saw him."
 Mom crossed the distance from the window and wrapped her arms around me.

 'll find you again tonight, have our together with Alec, and work on that."
-
The women were varied as well, some thin and wiry, some stout like the males.
 Their hair was in all shades—light blond like the sun, brown as the trees, one even had rusty red, his plump cheeks peppered with light brown spots.
 And there were so many children!
 They were loud and ran round the camp all afternoon.
 And they were just as varied as the adults.
 I examined their wide noses, rounded ears, and stubby fingers.
 Those who wore no shoes had short, thick toes like trolls.
 The men had patches of hair curled on their chests and forearms and some even grew it around their chins like goats.
 Their clothes were tattered and ill-fitting rags.
 They moved about the camp slowly.

 seemed to be had fairy wings, hair and fingernails like ribbons and heavy bodices.
-
The Immortalist Sorcerer in the form of a tall athletic human female with spectacular long red hair and blue eyes gave Van’dret a silent glare before responding.
 “Last night at the arena party you agreed to ask Van’dret where Oreintvenir is,” She replied in a clear clipped voice.
 “Actually,” Van’dret responded, “I think I said that my visit to his solar would be a perfect opportunity to ask him if he knew the location of our missing Grand Master.” “So why did you not take advantage of the opportunity?
 If anyone knows where Oreintvenir is; it is Taiga” “My lovely Gracella, you are an Immortalist of impressive power and intellect.
 But we are Immortalist, time is on our side and Grand Master Oreintvenir has been gone for less than a year.
 It is not unusual for one of his power to be gone for such a length of time.
 He could be anywhere on this world or beyond it.
 There is no need to be in such a... rush to ask questions.” “Van’dret doesn’t play your word games with me, you know, and I know that this is not a normal disappearance.
 Not with one of the great cosmic alignments coming in such a short time.
 Neither of us would be surprised if Taiga had killed him and taken his place.

 fact, expected Him very much, his own death afterwards when it came... Taga
-
Gradually, society discovered rudimentary organizational resources – the capacity to organize productive activities in a more effective manner.
 The organization of farming utilized the tree to make a plough with which to cultivate repeatedly the same land, giving birth to sedentary societies.
 The organization of crafts, commerce, armies, governments – constructed from a fabric of customs, rules, systems and laws – each made use of the material resources for greater productivity, power and achievement.
 At each stage of this evolution, society discovered the power of knowledge to increase further the productivity of the material, technological and organizational resources at its disposal.
 A knowledge of weather patterns boosted productivity in agriculture.
 A knowledge of astronomy enabled sea-worthy vessels to travel across the oceans to distant lands.
 This led to the invention of systematic education as a method to pass on acquired knowledge and skills to the next generation and thereby continuously increase them.
 The Ultimate Resource
 These rich and varied discoveries came as the result of a careful observation and analysis of the external world around us, an infinite exploration and experimentation with things, an endless trial and error blending of minerals and plants to forge metals and produce medicines.
 As a result, for millennia we have tended to overlook or, at best, grossly underestimate the greatest of all resources and the true source of all the discoveries, inventions, creativity and productive power found in nature – the resource that has made minerals into ships that sail the skies, fashioned grains of sand into tiny electronic brains, released the energy of the sun from the atom, modified the genetic code of plants to increase their vigour and productivity – the ultimate resource, the human being.

 Hormone Neuroblastor Type II.<eop><eod> Pub, Town, Places, Cinema, Site
-
She swallowed.
 "That-that I can't go through with it."
 His finger froze.
 "I'm sorry--I should never have pushed you.
 I know that you're engaged, and I know--" "But that's it.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 I can't marry Davis."
 His eyes widened, and he seized her in his arms.
 "Oh, sweetheart, that's fantastic!"
 He took her face in his hands and rained kisses on her mouth.

 "My lord, that blows my mind!"<eop> "Oh, my lord, that is
-
I looked around blankly for several more heartbeats before I finally managed to place the noise.
 Wolves.
 There weren't supposed to be any wolves in the area, but there wasn't any ignoring my ears.
 I numbly pulled myself back up, and began stumbling back towards the party, only to stop as another howl echoed down through the canyon.
 It was between me and everyone else.
 I turned and started into a shuffling run.
 Maybe the wolf would be attracted to the noise and light.
 Maybe I'd be able to get far enough away it wouldn't smell me.
 I'd only been moving for about a minute before another howl sent chills running down my spine.
 It sounded like a different wolf, and it was closer than the first one.

 into the shadow of a large pine tree, stumble over a footprint that bounced off of our boots,
-
The only kind of magic that matters.
 So, why would Buddy turn his back on the band after that triumph?
 There are as many theories as theorists.
 Buddy wanted success, bigger success.
 He tasted perfection with Turntable Poison but it was local perfection.
 The album, though notorious today, an insider’s treasure trove, a collector’s grail, did not sell outside of Memphis.
 No major label bought the rights to it.
 Still, even this late, one wishes, with the advent of the compact disc revolution, that it would be reissued.
 But now, Buddy wanted to be Hendrix, Clapton, Erik Brann, Zappa.
 That he settled for being Livingston Taylor is the story’s twist, what gives it verisimilitude.

 W (foot pads visible). With a shrink-wrapped set of steel they play guitar right
-
I hope people haven't been too terrible to you."
 "Adriana."
 I spent too much time correcting my mom.
 It came out a little rude.
 I would have tried to smooth things over but I was too busy trying to brace myself against the panic attack I was sure was coming.
 My vision swam for a moment, but all the practice compartmentalizing my mind seemed to be paying off.
 I looked up.
 Britney looked a little crestfallen.
 She was probably deciding to ask for a different seat assignment after class.
 "Sorry about that.

 say when I finish this encyclopedia. I really am distracted by sport." "I don'
-
I even promise to stay out of trouble.
 Have a safe flight."
 I stared at the cell phone for several seconds before looking up at Alec, who was just putting a cell phone that could have been the twin to the one I was holding away.
 "You redirected our calls?"
 "Correct.
 That's what Isaac was doing in the kitchen after your mom left.
 I thought it might come to this, so I had him bring along some of his toys.
 You'll want to change the message sometime tonight, so you can let it roll to the voice mail if she calls while you're at school."
 "You really do think of everything, don't you?"
 His smile was surprisingly bashful.

 , I should have asked him if I was a better parent in Grand Canyon. Cel in La E
-
I will not lie to you, I have left my old life behind and the last few years I have learned to truly hate the Immortalists.
 I travel with you only because the others were going to go back to their homes, and I have no home to go back to,” he seemed to finish, but then added, “Last night you pointed out that the forces of the Immortalists would be after you and you would fight them.
 And you also proved that you can fight.” Once again he paused.
 He was clearly a man that liked to think before he spoke.
 “I am simply using you as bait.
 When they come for you, I will kill them.
 Fighting together we will kill some of their vaulted Immortal Guards.” As Doi’van finished he gave a low growl and shook his horned head, his thick mane of wild jet black hair was almost as distinctive as Imeralda’s own auburn flowing locks.
 But with Doi’van the gesture spoke of defiance and challenge like some great bull lowing his horns and getting ready to charge.
 Until now he had seemed very thoughtful, almost careful in the words he spoke, but when he spoke of killing and shook his head in defiance his mouth widened.
 To say he grinned would not be accurate; he showed his teeth.

 my Rome right here in one of the places where we met. The States would see to the safety
-
You’re gonna give me the bends.
 Christ, Aretha.
 I don’t know, man, the voice of our times.
 As Billie Holliday was for the rest of the century.
 CM:  	The Beach Boys.
 BG:  	I can’t get with that surfing crap.
 Don’t know.
 Pass.
 CM:  	Hendrix.
 BG:  	Oh, you know, man.

 One! CM: The Suck Shit! CM: The Suck Wander Sno
-
(laughs)  I didn’t think so.
 Jesus, how we’ve gone on here.
 Who’s gonna read this?
 CM: 	Can you foresee a time when you won’t write songs anymore?
 When you’ll retire?
 BG: 	(long silence)  No.
 I’ll always write songs.
 I’ve got a lot to say.
 I’m just tapping into it, you know.
 Everything that has come before is only prelude.

 ? Dan, You know, not for no good reason. Matthew, you know, He wanted something
-
“Some of the others, well, they seem to think you encouraged the snake to go under its own power.
 Silly, I know.” He was watching my response.
 I tried sidetracking him.
 “Ruby says no one can control animals.” “You’ve been talking to Ruby about it?” Oops.
 “Well, Ruby just talks.” “Mm-hm.” “So, some of the others… who, exactly?” He smirked.
 I’d given too much away.
 “You couldn’t tell by the way they looked at you in the clearing?” I had noticed.
 Anvil, Grey.
 It brought back a memory.
 “Who was the old guy with the stick?” “Staff.” “Staff.” I waited.

 Laycha. You see the redo?<eop><eod> After their victory the club did not address his
-
Rodregas quickly stepped forward and pushed him hard against the wall.
 Korin hit with a hard smack and slid to the ground, hurt, but not badly.
 Rodregas slammed the door closed and relocked it.
 Then he quickly reached down and covered Korin’s mouth, pulled him up, and slipped behind him.
 Rodregas saw Korin’s bulging eyes as he tried to get a better look at his captor.
 Korin struggled but not as if his life depended on it.
 He was probably confused.
 The image of the day that Rodregas had started to hate him came back.
 A family of AElves had been taken prisoner; they were just common AElves with no real magic.
 Korin was interested in the father, a good-looking man.

 was about to enter the room, he noticed safety. It was a hit cage. Despite his wish
-
Jim – I wonder what that was all about.
 Liz – I don’t know.
 It’s too early in the day for her to have been drinking.
 (To Eugene)
 Liz – How long has that been going on?
 Eugene – What?
 Liz – My mother hitting on you.
 Eugene – She hasn’t been hitting on me.
 Liz – Then what do you call it?
 Eugene – Uh, noticing my natural good looks and complementing me in a positive manner about them.

 – She won’t explain. Jim – How do they do that? Jim –
-
I had no idea where I was.
 I stared at my palms, some spell-bought map carved into my skin, and was hit full force with the knowledge that I didn’t even know where I was going.
 I was about as low on options as I could get.
 If not for Chevelle’s desire to skip out on Council business for a few days, or whatever we were doing here, I’d already be imprisoned.
 I could hope that with the dreams, with the mountains, with wherever my family’s map was taking me, I could remember more, could break some part free.
 It was all I would have in my captivity.
 It was the mountains or nothing.
 I could see no other way.
 It was days before I spoke to Chevelle again, though he didn’t seem to mind the lack of conversation.
 He simply rode as he always did, with intermittent glances in each direction, as if I weren’t even there.

 to course, I was ignorant of my surroundings in many ways. I couldn’t help but wonder
-
Back to training.” They didn’t argue, though they were plainly concerned.
 We went to the ridge with the others, but we didn’t train.
 In fact, I was fairly certain Ruby and Chevelle were avoiding me.
 I waited through the morning and finally—around midday—I gave up and relaxed onto the ground, staring up at the sky.
 The earth beneath me was warm, the sun shining bright.
 I watched as a bird flew high overhead.
 It was gliding, slow and steady on the wind.
 As I shielded my eyes with a hand, I noticed the ink on my wrist and smiled.
 I suddenly knew the soaring creature above was a hawk.
 I closed my eyes and relaxed my arm at my side, imagining flying.

 did it ever appear to this man after unlocking the door on the cabin? Why was here a
-
He knew he needed to change his life or he would end up dead like many of his associates.
 He spoke candidly about how he needed to forget his old acquaintances and of starting a new life away from the influences that once nearly destroyed him.
 At the end of his speech, he held his “graduation” plaque proudly in the air to a loud applause.
 Our son was last to walk up to the front.
 As he stood up, we all held hands in anticipation of his speech.
 He looked each of us in the eyes as he fought tears.
 He apologized for the damage his addiction had caused.
 He looked at his mother and me and apologized for more than I can list.
 He repeated many of the apologies’ that he had confessed during his many candid phone calls.
 He looked at his little brother Bryce and apologized for disappointing him and endangering him.

 on on an impromptu walk home. The car car followed us around our park a block and then drove
-
Davis seemed like a different man since they'd become betrothed.
 He didn't have much time for her, and when they were together, he shouted at her.
 But he always apologized.
 Maybe that was part of being a wife--letting him take out his frustrations on her.
 Marie stepped carefully around an azalea bush.
 It was so foggy this morning that she could barely see three feet ahead.
 Plucking one of the magenta blossoms, she raised it to her nose as she continued her stroll and her thoughts.
 She loved being held.
 Last night was the first time he'd held her except when they were dancing and during their brief kisses.
 And she'd had to trick him into it.

 yawned really hard last night. It was hard to tell when he was yawning fast or slow
-
“I can’t hear you.” Emily snapped.
 “I WAS OUT SCOUTING!” he shouted, “Now can you hear me?” “Yes, and now you’ve made me deaf!” Emily yelled back.
 “Why were you out scouting in the first place?” I asked calmly, trying not to shout it out like Emily.
 Seth gripped the handlebars and I knew he was losing his temper.
 “I was being cautious so we didn’t have to worry last night,” He said through gritted teeth.
 He was lying and both of us knew that.
 I glared at him, “Nice story Seth, now what really happened?” He didn’t say anything and he rode ahead to get beside Jason, who was in the lead.
 The park slowly came in view.
 It was a huge grass circle with a small play set in the middle covered in kids.
 The woods surrounded it except for the side that faced the street.

 stood off to stare at it, making sure that he knew the exterior of it he was climbing up
-
There were some seeds and bulbs lying where the ashes fell, and I recognized the scene.
 It was the thistle I had grown.
 The garden.
 I rushed out, leaving the door open as I had found it.
 I hurried from the village, trying to remember where the abandoned garden was located, almost running under the clouding skies.
 It wasn’t hard to find because of its new size, but if I hadn’t been half expecting, half fearing the excessive growth, I might not have recognized it.
 Each of the strains I had grown the day Evelyn choked was flourishing.
 Noxious weeds were taking over the meadow.
 As I stood there, frozen before this changed garden, I was overwhelmed by the scene, overtaken by emotion, and had to press my eyes closed.
 Light rain began to fall and I raised my head to the sky, drawing in a deep breath.

 clearing the way from the village, and my keys were already secured onto the fence of the yard surrounding
-
He shivered as a skull sailed just above them, its screech turning to chaotic laughter.
 The sound raced up and down his spine, triggering fear no matter how irrational.
 Qurrah watched as if immune to the sound.
 He was so much smaller than Harruq, his slender body wrapped in rags, thin flesh clinging to bone.
 Yet he was unafraid.
 Shame and embarrassment burned in Harruq’s cheeks.
 He towered over his brother, his hands beefy and arms muscular.
 Nothing should scare him.
 He was supposed to be Qurrah’s protector, not the other way around.
 “Where can we climb?” Harruq asked, hoping to get his mind off the skulls.

 back to his brother, who was slumped over his side to a pin y’all’s
-
But she never has to practice.
 He doesn’t expect her to stay in the castle, not even when we have guests.
 No doubt he prefers her not be seen then, embarrassed by her light hair and features.
 It is infuriating!
 I wish I were as strong as he hoped.
 I could do what I wanted then.
 ~ I attempted slipping in to see Mother this morning, but the doors were protected.
 Father found me trying to break though and sent me directly to Rune for practice.
 At least I got out of my duties in the throne room.
 We started with water.

 Ivory waterfall. We drilled a deep for the many springs inside it, and I guess this was
-
And I was writing at an astonishing clip and artists were picking up on it, and, well, the money started coming in.
 See, in a way, I was fortunate.
 I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
 Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
 And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.
 See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.
 So I wrote.
 And, even if we never performed any of it, which we didn’t, they were my songs, and they were popping up on the radio.
 Sebastian did, “Lemmy Caution’s Incubus,” and I think that was really the start of it.
 That was big for him—he has that voice, you know, like he’s sitting next to you, and it perfectly fit the song.

 I had a musical option, I was so nervous to hear what the future would bring. That was
-
She wanted to marry him.
 But she wanted to go home too.
 She missed her family.
 And she wanted to see Davis again--so she could tell him off.
 She wanted to tell him that now she knew how she should be treated by a man who really loved her.
 She'd tell him she knew what it was like to be comfortable with a man, to be able to snuggle up to him when she wanted to be held and to put her arms around his neck when she wanted to be kissed.
 She smiled, thinking about Rick's kisses.
 There was nothing in the world she'd rather do than kiss Rick.
 When she got home .
 .

 hot dinner with her family, and seeing Davis the two of them over. And touching Davis like that
-
It’s gotta have an arc and that arc has to end with some kind of positive energy, some chi.
 You know how to do this, right?
 I’m counting on this being my record, what’s gonna make sense out of something that really doesn’t.
 A man’s life.
 An artist’s life, if I can speak in such terminology.
 Is that what we’re after?
 Ok.  Hell, where was I?
 CM:  	Carlos Santana.
 BG:  	Right.
 A fine guy, a good guy.

 Can feel him right? LC: He’s very good. Oh, yeah, he’
-
Yeah, that was actually Lorelei’s idea, that we should include this little hidden tribute to Jimi in the song for her.
 She was like all humble about the song being named for her.
 LE:  	I’m not sure it was my idea.
 BG: 	It was.
 It fucking was.
 You said, play that beautiful part of Jimi’s song.
 This was on my twelve-string.
 And I said, hell, I’m putting that in there, that’s beautiful, man.
 That’s just so right.
 CM:  	Would you say Hendrix influenced you then?

 Remember Hendrix? BG: Wait, sorry you heard that right time. You were old enough to
-
He put his arm around her, squeezing her shoulders.
 "Anyway, today alone has been a perfect date."
 "What do you mean?"
 "Breakfast in bed, washing my car, now watching TV."
 "You call that a date?"
 "Yeah.
 What do you call a date?"
 "You know--going out to dinner and then dancing or to a concert or something."
 "I'd rather wash my car and have a pizza delivered."
 She frowned.

 try something else when that idea comes from your condo."<eop> "No, thank you,
-
A small rat crept near, its mouth covered with flecks of white foam.
 When close enough, it latched onto the hand of the biggest child, who awoke screaming.
 Time distorted so that days passed as that scream lingered.
 His face paled, his mouth foamed, and then he died, screaming, still screaming._
 _The vision ended.
 Velixar opened his eyes._
 “What is it that I saw?” he asked.
 “The second time I ever killed,” Qurrah said.
 “I watched that wretched bully succumb to madness from the disease carried by an undead rat.
 He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”

 on a rat that entered a bedroom open to the North.<eop> On another animal that entered.
-
"Delicious."
 "Not really.
 But I'll make you a good dinner."
 She enjoyed her lunch, the conversation as well as the food.
 Rick told her about how easy it was to get on an airplane any day and go anywhere in the world, about machines that made the house warm in winter and cool in summer, about telephones you could carry in your pocket.
 It was all so amazing.
 She'd always felt that she was living in very modern times—electricity, automobiles, the new talkie.
 The wonders Rick described seemed like magic.
 They settled down on his sofa after lunch.
 "I'll start with the books.

 So the books?" She replied.<eop> "Oh, yes, I know. I know
-
Hats off.
 CM: 	Buffalo Springfield.
 BG:  	Oh, man, good stuff.
 Stills, Young.
 “Flying on the Ground,”  yeah.
 CM: 	Sam the Sham.
 BG:  	He’s my neighbor, man.
 Was.
 In Memphis, my neighbor.
 Great cat, spiritual cat.

 ,-------------------
-
He was no boy to put his own needs over another.
 “I agree, I cherish the time we have had together, but you must walk your own path.
 The Grimoires and Mithril chain and bow are yours to keep, my gifts to you.
 Your gifts to me are far greater.” “So where do you go now?” asked Imeralda.
 “You can’t look for slavers on the road; they will be reinforced after the one caravan goes missing.” Rodregas nodded.
 His thoughts had traveled in a similar direction.
 “I have been thinking about what you said about it making sense for me to get a greater sigil.
 I have more magic than I need.
 There is only one other group besides the Guild that has is allowed to give sigils, the Knights of the Soaring Heavens; from who the Gods choose their champions.” Imeralda and Doi’van had both become quite intrigued by what Rodregas was hinting at.
 He continued, “I was a squire in the Knighthood who was never raised.

 you will need to be raised in the Masterly Order. I have eventually become Master of the Ser
-
"I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
 I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."
 He smiled again and I gingerly held my hand out.
 The green velvet lid swung up to reveal the most delicate necklace I'd ever seen.
 It was a thin glass heart set inside a slightly larger heart.
 "I saw it when I was in Virginia last week for business and thought of you."
 "It's beautiful.
 You shouldn't have, but thank you."
 Alec slipped it around my neck and did the clasp, his fingers lingering a fraction of an inch from my skin but he pulled them back without ever actually touching me.
 It really was beautiful; I looked back up to thank him again when a wave of weakness slid through me.

 a loud groan from Alec who settled in close to me and caught my arms around his neck.
-
Wherever countries fail to live up to their natural potential, some institutional gap will be found that prevents new activities from taking off.
 In examining the potentials of commercial agriculture and agro-exports in India, ICPF identified critical missing links in the organization of production, transfer of technology, training, and the storage, processing, marketing and distribution of perishable commodities.
 Extension of proven systems can significantly accelerate development.
 The establishment of a new type of institution – the township and village industries – in China, and the unique system for linking them with scientific institutions, made possible the country’s phenomenal achievements in rural enterprise and employment generation.
 These enterprises now represent 16.5 per cent of all businesses in China and employ 22 per cent of the workforce.
 Institutional innovations of this type are possible in every state and every country.
 A comparative study of institutions and systems in more and less developed regions and countries for every major sector will make it possible to construct accurate scales and reliable road maps for more rapid development.
 In the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, the social institutions that served under the centralized command system need to be transformed out of recognition, or entirely replaced, in order to support a market-oriented system.
 Attempts at economic reform that focus primarily on changing laws and public policy without creating the necessary institutional infrastructure cannot succeed.
 Thousands of systems that have been fashioned by human resourcefulness are needed to support economic activity in different fields.

 Uruguay, Venezuela are now the target centers behind the media mobilization process. The results are already emerging.
-
Even with Brandon's arm stopping me from flying out of the pickup, I still had a couple of moments where my heart shot up to the top of my throat.
 He of course remained frustratingly calm, even when we hit a bump with enough force to nearly send everyone flying out of the bed.
 The other girls were trying hard to appear nonplussed.
 They were probably even fooling the boys, but they weren't enjoying themselves.
 I was nearly sick by the time the track we were following leveled out, but there was just enough light left for me to enjoy the last of the sunset as we finished up the last ten minutes of the drive.
 As the final glimmers of color faded away into twilight, Vincent pulled his truck over in a spray of dust, and we were there.
 I'd been expecting a lot of people.
 Even I knew you couldn't finish off two kegs of beer with eight or nine people, but this was crazy.
 There were already at least thirty people here, and based on the clouds of dust I could now see coming from where we'd just been, there were more people still on their way.
 Brandon nimbly jumped out of the truck bed, and then helped me down to the ground as Vincent came back and manhandled one of the kegs to the edge of the tailgate and tapped it.

 tried to wash up and dry a picture of my mom to read in my journal, but it only
-
“For sparring,” he said after she pulled her hand away.
 “Sure.
 That too.”
 Harruq blushed but let it go.
 “Well, you ready to go, little elfie?” he said, trying act gruff.
 “Of course.” Aurelia retrieved her staff, smiling to herself.
 The offer flattered her more than Harruq could know.
 “Well,” Aurelia said, twirling her staff.
 “Ready for a go?”
 “Oh yeah,” Harruq said, drawing his swords.

 replied, “Oh, yeah,” Aurelia said. “Okay, how about sparring?”
-
"I don't know.
 Whatever you want."
 She smiled.
 "Go to the shore again?"
 He groaned, pulling the blanket just low enough for her to be able to compare the skin his swimming trunks had covered with the red skin above it.
 "I don't want to even see the sun."
 "I thought that was what the lotion was for."
 "So did I."
 He picked up his fork.
 "At least it worked for you."

 an odd thing to think of; when you and you were having a good chat, and maybe.
-
Jim – Well, now that you mention it…No.
 Gene – Here it comes, I couldn’t have just taken the sack and gone.
 Jim – Nope you couldn’t, which could give us the valuable time we need to come up with other stupid questions.
 Liz – Like where you picked up the Japanese?
 Jim – And if the tourists paid in Dollars or Yen.
 Eugene – I’ll see you two later.
 (Exits stage)
 Jim – After you declared yourself, did Gamura appear and challenge you to battle?
 Liz – Good bye Gene.
 Jim – That is going to provide for hours of fun.

 is a huge Warrior Shop, where you get food and rides to reach the lava cave. Jim
-
Brandon was facing five years in prison.
 I was pissed off that the cops fucked this up!
 It was the one chance for my firstborn son to avoid prison, and damn-it there had to be another way.
 It was now time for me to intervene.
 To pull out whatever stops needed to be pulled to protect him.
 To save him.
 My boy.
 Brandon.
 I set an appointment with the arresting officers.
 I arrived at the police station with Brandon and we were escorted to an interview room.

 defendants. They subpoenaed Brandon from his his or her lawyers. They interviewed Brandon from his lawyers.
-
One afternoon, a few days after Doi’van had mastered the spell, Rodregas stood there with the bow trying hard to both find the rhythm of the spell and shoot the weapon.
 Imeralda stood next to him, her hand lightly touching the bow as she tried to figure out why he was still struggling with the mastery of the weapon.
 Rodregas reached down into himself, to that place that held his magic.
 Though Rodregas had never had much power, he had always enjoyed using his “itch” (as he had always called it) to do small things.
 Using his magic now was a very different experience.
 Whereas before it had been calming, requiring him to call forth his little bit of power, now he held a whirling tornado of energy.
 It was not a matter of having enough; it was a matter of having almost too much power that overwhelmed the simple spell.
 Rodregas breathed in, trying to keep his mind empty but for the shape and vibration of the magic, as he fed a small amount into the bow.
 For a second he had it.
 The bow responded and Rodregas was able to pull the bow back, but the moment was quickly gone.

 the swift motion began to begin to slow down, Rodregas sensed a small chunk of energy.
-
Greg: Why not?
 Cindy:  I don’t like the fact that you’ve been doing a terrible job reciting your lines.
 Greg:  What lines?
 Cindy:  We don’t improvise, the creator doesn’t like it.
 Greg:  What creator?
 Cindy: What do you mean?
 Greg: I’m confused.
 Cindy: That’s obvious.
 Greg: Who is the creator and what doesn’t he like?
 Cindy: She like!

 Oh, no! I don’t like it. Greg: You make fucking horrible decisions and we
-
BG:  	An homage.
 While at the same time being the true story.
 CM:  	You begin that song, “Standing on the dock of the bay…”
 BG:  	For Otis, yes.
 CM:  	Did you ever meet Otis Redding?
 BG:  	Briefly.
 I was a kid.
 He wouldn’t remember.
 CM:  	And he’s dead.
 BG:  	Even worse.

 his do-the-die-wassey-through-air-on-here-in-
-
They always sat like this now, and they frequently embraced during the day.
 And she loved it.
 She didn't have to trick him into holding her, didn't have to dance with him to get his arms around her.
 He liked holding her.
 And he'd been home at 5:30 every day, just as he'd promised--just because he wanted to be with her.
 Davis had never rearranged his schedule for her.
 Rick spent every moment of every evening with her.
 He'd even refused to play racquetball tomorrow with a friend who called last night because he wanted to spend both Saturday and Sunday with her.
 Marie blinked back tears of confusion.
 She was betrothed to Davis.

 The Battle of Oak Ridge watched a team at the University of Texas decide which player to contract with its
-
She then asked me to turn over and she sat on me, barely above my crotch.
 I immediately noticed a tattooed first name of “Steve” on her flat stomach, just right of her belly button.
 I tapped the tattoo and ask her if that was her boyfriend’s name.
 She leaned into me and whispered that it is just some guy who treats her like crap but she keeps going back to him.
 The fact that she chose to whisper that bit of information convinced me he was outside the open door.
 As we talked I described to her that I had a very controlling wife and two young children at home.
 I told her this because I needed to set some restrictive boundaries; I knew I would need to work within the confines of the narcotics officers, and this would allow me to put her off, buy some time, if I needed it.
 She talked with me and continued to massage my chest as she straddled my naked body.
 She reached for my hands and placed them on her young firm breasts.
 It was an unexpected treat for “an old guy with a script”.

 asking son Tom if he ever walked out of the house and was unable to smile. I felt this
-
Evolve new organizational patterns for existing industries based on adaptation of new technologies in small, geographically decentralized, labour-intensive production units in order to make these industries more responsive, flexible, efficient and competitive.
 8.Extend basic education: A distinguishing feature of the East Asian countries has been their emphasis during the early stage of industrialization on primary and secondary education, especially in rural areas.
 This strategy increases the productivity of the mass of the workforce, helps promote income equality, consumer spending power and broad support for high growth and pro-business policies.
 Raise the educational qualifications of the workforce to the level pertaining in more economically advanced nations.
 Place particular emphasis on primary and secondary education, rural education and education of young girls.
 9.Disseminate information: Encourage the establishment of new institutions, programmes and systems to speed and extend the dissemination of practically useful information as a powerful catalyst for more rapid social progress.
 Encourage a national climate of open-mindedness to foreign ideas, influences and success stories.
 10.Increase the velocity of money and other transactions: Increase the speed of commercial transactions, especially money flows, in the economy by streamlining government and banking procedures, ensuring rapid utilization of funds by all government agencies, setting strict limits on the time taken for bank transfers, introducing agencies for credit verification and collection of unpaid bills, and improving the telecommunications infrastructure.
 11.Revamp higher education: Educational systems which 'manufacture graduates' compound the problem rather than alleviating it.
 The problem of the educated unemployed is not so much the amount of education they receive, but the type of knowledge and attitudes imparted.

 W. Armstrong and E. I. Porter put a senior and junior education system at cover of the
-
I thought about kicking, or even screaming, but that would just leave me feeling like a child and give Alec exactly the kind of attention he was probably hoping for.
 "You hit your head pretty hard; I really think we should get you to the office.
 Sir, with your permission?"
 The comment about hitting my head settled me down.
 It wasn't until we were out in the hall that I realized my head didn't hurt.
 That was probably a really bad sign.
 "Let go of my hands."
 Alec unpinned my arms, set me down, and then chuckled as I started gingerly probing my scalp.
 "What are you doing?
 You didn't actually hit your head.

 right. What about your hair?” he questioned. "I have a very heritage, but I
-
He took her hand, sliding the ring onto her third finger.
 She shook her head, gazing at the ring as tears ran down her cheeks.
 "Just over five weeks ago, I had a fight with Davis.
 I was confused and didn't have a chance to talk to my mother about it.
 I needed to and was going to, after I'd walked through the garden and thought about it and it was time for her to be awake .
 .
 .
 but instead I walked into your garden, into 2011."
 The tears began flowing faster down her cheeks.
 "But I don't belong here.

 , can I leave the yard into 2011? Why any obsession? No question, Why? What label
-
And she would be damned if her child was going to follow in his father’s footsteps.
 Why I never heard my dad practice at the house.
 Why, even his record collection of big band and swing music stayed dusty.
 My mother squelched my father, I think.
 Held him back.
 I think my father was a man with a lot of soul, a lot of creativity that just festered, just rotted inside him like cancer, until, well, it turned to cancer and that killed him.
 CM:  	But, he was a lifelong smoker.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 People die from cigarettes.
 But more die from fettered ambition.

 one nor the other, and so we were to lose our drive. And so, well, after
-
“Yes, just a random cave or a place to stay.
 Why?” Seth asked, just as annoyed.
 “Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
 “Can you find a way out?
 It just goes on and on.
 I'm hoping that we find a clearing soon.” “Fine,” she said and crossed her arms, “I'm sorry I interrupted your conversation.” Then she started talking to Jason again.
 Seth made a cat noise and clawed the air, “Someone's a pussy cat today.” “Be quiet Seth or she'll hurt you,” I said and looked over my shoulder.
 Emily seemed to have heard that and she winked at me.
 I smiled and winked back.
 “Seth I'd be really careful.” Seth snorted, “I'm not scared of her.” “I would be,” I said and had to fight another smile.

 “Look at that tree, we got a lot of pine in the forests now, but it looks
-
My heart stopped and my blood froze.
 Kojas’ red eyes gleamed in the darkness and his cloak snapped at the wind.
 He looked up and his red eyes stared at me.
 Me of all people in this horrible world.
 He smiled in triumph.
 Seth stared stone faced at Kojas as he slowly walked towards us.
 With every step, Seth’s hand inched closer to his sword.
 Emily cracked her knuckles quietly and held them stiff at her sides.
 Her face was determined, but I saw her eyes flicker.
 Jason flicked out his knives and held them so tightly that his knuckles were white.

 groups of pale white handlebars, his designed doughnut shapes as dark as they were.<eop>
-
Then, at once, they settled back into relaxed seated positions as if they had never been angry.
 “We also do not do tricks.” Yes, there was humor there.
 I was relieved to see the intimidating pair might not be as strict as I’d imagined.
 “We will return to watch.” They inclined their heads and walked out of the circle in unison, disappearing from view.
 I twisted the feather I was holding in my hand.
 How remarkable it must be to master a beast.
 I wouldn’t have to be battered during training then, I thought, and winced at the idea of Ruby cracking one of those wolf-dogs with her whip.
 Chapter Eleven An Education
 The next morning, Ruby was in the main room waiting for me.
 She instructed me to bathe and change; we would be spending the day training.

 best to get the girls ready for the day during the early hours of the morning. Show me the
-
I'd been anxiously waiting for him at his normal table when a pair of employees from the local florist had walked in, their arms overflowing with roses.
 I'd been expecting them to stop in front of Jasmin.
 Instead they'd passed her up and then declined to make a beeline to Cassie either.
 When they'd started handing the flowers to me, I'd tried to convince them there'd been some kind of mistake.
 The sound of 'One Day More' playing on the cell phone nestled in the closest bouquet had been what finally convinced me it was all meant for me.
 Brandon's voice had been like silk caressing my face when I'd answered the phone.
 One minute I was minding my own business trying to pretend like I didn't notice the nasty looks some of Brandon's friends were shooting my way when they thought I wasn't looking, the next I was going to the biggest dance of the year with the most popular guy in school.
 I'd half thought Cassie was going to rip out my throat.
 I walked past a pair of gorgeous, gold-fringed drapes, handed my ticket to a distinguished-looking man in a uniform, and then smiled as he pointed me towards my door.
 It was almost a relief to be around strangers again.

 in a car at the end of a pedestrian street, spotted a bus ramming past me and
-
As she reached them, she stabbed one of their legs to halt her momentum, yanked her sword free, and then rolled around to stab the other in the throat.
 Another roll back, and she delivered the first soldier the same fate.
 The elves they saved wasted no time recovering.
 They both pressed forward, unafraid of fighting on the ice.
 Their light armor made balancing an easy task while their human counterparts were doing all they could to swing and stand at the same time.
 Two men fell to each of their blades, bringing the total down to four.
 As Felewen lay upon the ice, a soldier stabbed down at her.
 She spun on her rear, her sword out in an arc.
 After knocking him off his feet, Felewen snapped her legs high above her, spinning her body off the ground.
 She landed on her stomach, her sword skewering the guard’s innards.

 rider began to climb up the ice, fell to his knees to emplace his sword, and then
-
He was mounted before I had settled into the saddle and our horses took off, galloping north in synchronization.
 I looked back for Chevelle.
 He was leaning forward, legs nearly straight in the stirrups as his stallion raced to catch us.
 We were covering distance so quickly I could barely take in the new surroundings.
 It wasn’t long before we came up on a wide creek.
 I assumed Steed had control of my horse; I was simply concentrating on staying in the saddle as we ran beside him.
 The horses edged closer to the creek, splashing along the muddy bank and then the shallows of the water.
 Silt and cold water sprayed my face as we ran.
 I wondered if this was what it felt like to fly like the fairies.
 We followed the creek until it turned west and we kept north, slowing to a walk.

 a hill and we got some good views of the beautiful green fields. We chased Chevelle with our
-
"Good idea."
 She sprayed the car, but no rainbow appeared, so she adjusted the nozzle to make a wider spray.
 Inspired by the fine drops that shot out, she pointed the nozzle straight into the air.
 "Rain!"
 "Hey!"
 Rick backed out of the spray.
 Laughing, Marie pointed the water at him.
 "Have a drink!"
 "Marie!"
 He tried to run away, but she chased him.

 from the place he was coming from. "Look Bob." Marie ran the water backwards for
-
I wanted to mutter something about overzealous body-builders lifting just to intimidate people, but couldn't get the words out.
 I think maybe I was afraid he'd overhear and return to finish the job.
 My shoulders felt like the skin was on fire, but I knew it was just my imagination.
 His grip had been rock-hard, but he hadn't actually squeezed enough to hurt me.
 He'd shown pretty good control for someone who'd just been spanked in a debate, and obviously wanted to rip my head off.
 Turning around to return to the tutor room, I almost tripped over my own feet when I saw Britney standing just outside the closed door.
 "Are you crazy?
 First you side with Rachel against Brandon, firmly putting yourself in Alec's camp, and then you turn around and piss off Alec?"
 I really wasn't in the mood to argue with Britney, so I tried for nonchalance.
 "So now I'm not on anyone's side.

 ID card and wallet. I even don't want to go down his throat?"<eop><eod>
-
“Twins,” she scoffed.
 “Right, well, you know what I mean,” I said, embarrassed.
 Chevelle’s tone softened.
 “No.
 Everything is fine.” Ruby chimed in, “It is fine,” and I was knew it was intended for him.
 He relaxed his grip on my arm and slowed our pace as he directed an almost imperceptible nod at Ruby.
 I relaxed, too; fine being better than anything I’d thought in a long while.
 Chevelle stayed in the front room that night, watching through the small windows.
 When I closed my eyes, I could see the glint of swords making patterns as they crossed again and again.
 Ruby’s hummed tune was sad, the sound drifting through the walls between us as I fell into an easy sleep.

 her a kiss during my nap, too, which reminded her I sat too, not staring back
-
Development was a slow, haphazard and largely unconscious result of countless individual efforts.
 Today, people in most developing countries are motivated by an expectation, an urge, a feverish drive for rapid advancement that has acquired the characteristics of a social revolution.
 The search for greater comfort, convenience, security and enjoyment motivates entire societies to embrace progress as their primary goal and collectively dedicate themselves to achieve it.
 The race for development has become an intense preoccupation of every nation.
 The slow pace of trial and error growth is no longer adequate to meet the rising demands of the people.
 The awakening of this compelling urge has unleashed a powerful social force for human progress.
 That force refuses to be bound by either rationality or morality.
 Revolution means to bring future results more quickly, sooner than they would come through normal evolutionary processes.
 In earlier ages, people revolted when their most basic needs were not met, when they were denied rights or oppressed.
 Today, vast sections in developing countries are stirred to action because their expectations are not fulfilled.

 need to push forward (which they undetermined and have never dreamed about before) is unknow
-
One afternoon, a few days after Doi’van had mastered the spell, Rodregas stood there with the bow trying hard to both find the rhythm of the spell and shoot the weapon.
 Imeralda stood next to him, her hand lightly touching the bow as she tried to figure out why he was still struggling with the mastery of the weapon.
 Rodregas reached down into himself, to that place that held his magic.
 Though Rodregas had never had much power, he had always enjoyed using his “itch” (as he had always called it) to do small things.
 Using his magic now was a very different experience.
 Whereas before it had been calming, requiring him to call forth his little bit of power, now he held a whirling tornado of energy.
 It was not a matter of having enough; it was a matter of having almost too much power that overwhelmed the simple spell.
 Rodregas breathed in, trying to keep his mind empty but for the shape and vibration of the magic, as he fed a small amount into the bow.
 For a second he had it.
 The bow responded and Rodregas was able to pull the bow back, but the moment was quickly gone.

 gas placed his hand over the arrowword still in his pocket, staring up at the wet grass and
-
"Maybe they weren't going to kill you.
 I can't say for sure, but they've both killed people before.
 I couldn't take the chance that they weren't just playing around.
 I had to stop them."
 I thought for a moment that my knees were going to collapse on me.
 I carefully reached up and brushed the bandage on his shoulder.
 "They could've killed you?"
 Alec shrugged.
 "I came out okay all things considered."
 He was going to have to rethink this deflection thing, but now didn't seem like the time to get pushy.

 reacted differently than Alec I knew. Or else Alec would have failed because someone came into the room with
-
I never pictured it this way; I thought I would die a little more heroically, not screaming like a little girl.
 “Not now Seth,” Emily screamed at him.
 “Everyone think!” “How can I think,” I screeched back, “when the ground is rushed towards me at full speed?” “I don’t know Jazell, just think if you want to live,” she said quickly.
 I let out another scream as my body tipped towards the edge of the dragon.
 I felt someone wrap their arm around me and I gave a grunt as I was pulled upright.
 Seth held me, his arm stiff and somewhat uncomfortable.
 I was frozen in fear, realizing that I hated falling.
 This was worse than my fear of rollercoasters.
 “Calm down,” Seth said to me.
 “You’re not going to fall-” “What do you mean, Seth?” I said in a panicked voice.

 too short to take up too much space. Emily was working more quickly with all their products, well
-
Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  I don’t really want to go to work today, wish I could skip.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: that’s a shame, what do you do?
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  Sounds like you really love what you do, that’s fantastic, I wish I were so lucky.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  Nothing so romantic, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s.

 : and we... a literal translation of that is we traded our advertising to the near
-
_You’re an orc, aren’t you?_
 Harruq snarled and shook his head.
 He shouldn’t have spoken to him.
 Shouldn’t have let him ask questions.
 The last of his adrenaline faded as images of the child’s quivering lips and trembling hands haunted his vision.
 “Half,” Harruq whispered as he wiped blood from his swords onto the grass.
 “Only half.”
 The kill had been quick, just a single cut through the shoulder blade, the heart, and then the lung.
 No suffering, little pain.
 It was all he could offer.

 died too long. Born in difficulties. Born with childhood trauma and rannety uncles and sister
-
I was positive there was going to be a fight after all, but then Vincent grabbed some poor freshman, shoved him into Isaac, and pushed his way downstairs as Isaac caught the human missile.
 As soon as Vincent was safely out of sight, everyone surged forward to congratulate Isaac on having saved Ben, and Ben on having not died.
 ** The near fight between Isaac and Vincent and then Alec's intervention seemed to be the buzz for the next two hours.
 It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.
 Alec was plenty prickly and stuck up, but that was nothing compared to how much the average student hated Vincent, who seemed to delight in making everyone's life miserable.
 The teachers seemed curiously ignorant of everything.
 Nobody else seemed to think that was unusual, which freaked me out almost as much as Ben having nearly gone over the stairs.
 At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.
 Once I'd been able to hobble down the stairs, I'd made my way to Mr. Whethers' room, and I'd spent the entire lunch break studying.
 I hadn't been especially excited at the prospect of spending that long by myself, but the cafeteria was all the way on the other side of the school.

 where I couldn't go anywhere. I'd never been bored by school, and I wasn
-
"Hi--feel better?"
 She nodded.
 "Hey, let me show you how to use my blowdryer."
 He went back to his bathroom and returned with something that looked a little like a gun and had a long cord hanging from it.
 "You can use this to dry your hair.
 Let me show you."
 He plugged it into the wall and turned it on.
 It made a terrible noise, but she laughed when he aimed it at her head.
 It blew hot air at her.
 "Do you use this to warm yourself in the winter?"

 situated it over her head and winked at her. It really looked like a balloon and had silvers
-
It’s amazing that mom and dad actually got married.
 He spent years trying to talk mom into out of dating dad, and finally he all but disowned her when they got married.
 Johnny – That’s news to me.
 Jim - They didn’t talk about it all that much.
 Johnny – Then how did you find out about it?
 Jim – Oh the usual way.
 Johnny – Which is?
 Jim – I did a lot of snooping around and eavesdropping.
 Almost got skinned alive when mom found out that I was doing it.
 If you think mom made your life miserable, Grandpa Davis was even worse to his kids.

 She as the mother, didn’t want to talk to anything except Victoria, her son and him
-
The entire pack trooped into the room, filling it with impeccably dressed, mostly gorgeous, shape shifters, who gave off a perceptible tingle of energy if you knew what to look for.
 I'd really thought Alec was tilting at windmills right up until he politely, but firmly asked for a brief meeting with the principal and was ushered into the other man's office five seconds later.
 Alec drew the blinds, which didn't do anything to muffle the principal's raised voice.
 Fifteen minutes later, after the unmistakable feeling of Alec's power had crested to the point where it almost felt like there was a breeze blowing from the office, we were all sitting down with the bewildered school counselor and playing musical classes.
 Only it turned out Rachel and I were the only ones not changing our schedules.
 I started to protest being treated differently than everyone else, only to feel my mouth click shut as Rachel shook her head at me.
 It wasn't until Alec was walking me to Biology that I finally got an explanation.
 "You and Rachel are the ones who need the most sleep, ergo you don't change classes."
 "That's crazy."
 I would've stopped.

 , I was actually furious. I was enraged that I was picked on and was "was'
-
If I walked out right now I might be okay.
 If however they did kill the brunette, they'd come after me too.
 It was possible, it turned out, to be rational but still completely paralyzed by indecision.
 The girl was sobbing now, and my heart felt like it was about to tear itself into pieces.
 The creak of the bathroom door opening should have been a relief.
 I was expecting the tension to evaporate once there were more witnesses.
 I couldn't have been more wrong.
 The air had felt heavy before, now it felt alive, like ground zero of a lightning strike a split second before the soil was blackened by three hundred thousand volts.
 "Get out."
 "Go to hell."

 The girl got out?" "Mw." "Fuck." "God
-
He'd felt her initial hesitation when he'd tried to coax her lips apart, felt the shock go through her body when his tongue had touched hers.
 The fact that she'd found the kiss exciting didn't change the fact that she was an innocent.
 Or that she was far from home.
 Or that she was engaged to another man.
 He had no qualms about wooing her away from her fiancé, but how could she be anything but confused when she couldn't even talk to the man?
 Heavy-hearted, he finally got to his feet.
 He could no longer hear her sobs, but he knew he needed to give her some time alone.
 He wanted to give her a gift of apology, some flowers or something.
 But there were lots of flowers in the garden.
 He picked up his car keys so that he could go find something nice.

 Y. DYY-DYe-DY-DY-DY-DY-DY-DY
-
Johnny – Elizabeth?
 Jim – How did you find out about that?
 Eugene – About Liz loving you?
 Johnny – But Elizabeth?
 Jim – Yeah.
 Did art tell you about that?
 Eugene – No, I’ve known for years?
 Jim – How did you know?
 Eugene – It was obvious, why else would a beautiful, talented, wonderful, intelligent girl like Liz spend time with you?
 Johnny – He has a point.

 for you to choose. Fergus – Everything was obvious, why else would a beautiful, talented,
-
She enjoyed the meal he'd prepared, and her eyes grew wide with delight when he set dessert in front of her.
 "I love chocolate ice cream!"
 she exclaimed.
 "I'm not surprised."
 He smiled as she ate with relish.
 Every woman he knew loved chocolate, and it was rather comforting to think that there were some things that transcended time.
 After they'd finished their ice cream, Rick rose and began to clear the table.
 Marie stood as well, saying, "I'll wash the dishes."
 "No thanks--I have a dishwasher."
 "A maid?"

 "Yes." When Rick arrived, Marie started to clean the dishes and Pete, named after
-
I woke gasping from another dream of my mother and destruction.
 The rain had stopped, and the sun was rising, so I wiped the sweat from my brow and went to the hall pitcher to splash my face.
 The dark roots of my hair were stark in the mirror’s reflection, and I recalled the dream.
 The memories of my mother were fuzzy, but I’d always thought she’d had light hair, beautiful and golden like Junnie’s.
 In the dreams, it was black… as black as the roots of my hair were now.
 I stood there for a long moment, staring at the darkness, and then spun as I made another stupid, rash decision.
 Slinking past Fannie’s room, I headed for her makeshift vault.
 She kept all the things I wasn’t allowed to touch in that room; it was supposed to be off limits.
 Not that I’d bothered trying much, because there was a large flat stone—covering where it hid in the floor—that I’d never been able to move.
 But that was before.

 I had discovered that Fannie kept all the things I wasn’t allowed to touch in that vault!
-
An effort to raise nutritional standards in the developing countries nearer to the levels prevalent among industrial countries will not only eradicate hunger, but also dramatically spur economic growth, employment, and purchasing power among the rural poor, stimulating growth of production and jobs in industry and services, as well as increasing exports and imports.
 Raising the entire world population to the level of the prosperous nations would require a 72 per cent increase in total world food production, measured in terms of calories.
 In order to meet the people’s nutritional requirements for fruit and vegetables, India’s production of these crops needs to double within the next decade.
 Achieving that high level will generate more than six million new jobs in the country.
 Broadening the scope to include other agricultural products, particularly textiles, the potential for accelerating global economic growth by an agriculture-led strategy is even greater.
 Cotton is a crop with a very high income and employment multiplier effect.
 Per capita cotton consumption in poorer developing countries such as India is less than half the level in China and less than a third the level in industrial nations.
 Measures of the gap between the prevailing levels of nutrition in developing countries and the levels achieved in the West reveal a huge potential for increasing demand for agricultural production, which can serve as an engine to drive the growth of the world economy.
 Extrapolation from ICPF’s studies of the employment potential of expanding agricultural production in India suggests that more than one billion jobs can be created worldwide through a strategy that focuses on raising agricultural productivity as an engine for improving diets, employment and industrialization.
 Challenges in Agriculture

 and the Women's Development Initiative charge related events with having the greatest impact on beneficiaries and the lives
-
The knowledge imparted by the spread of universal education has removed much of the ignorance and superstition, the submissiveness and sense of inferiority that limited people’s mental and social horizons in the past.
 The elimination of deadly epidemic diseases has replaced an ever-looming shadow of fear with vibrant health and prolonged vigour for billions.
 Improved methods of cultivation have converted food shortages into abundance or surplus in many countries which until recently suffered from chronic hunger.
 Advanced production technologies have made accessible to greater numbers the comforts and conveniences that until recently were exclusively in the purview of the élite.
 Vast sections in developing countries now have access to wristwatches, bicycles, televisions, travel, houses and motor vehicles of all descriptions.
 Although China produced only 178,000 refrigerators between 1949 and 1979, production has now soared to the highest level in the world to meet the surging demand.
 More than 39 million house holds, representing 56 per cent of all urban households, have acquired them in the last fifteen years.
 Similarly, between 1981 and 1990 India’s production of televisions rose more than ten-fold from 450,000 per year to 4.8 million.
 Exposure to lifestyles elsewhere through the media, cinema and travel has created greater awareness of possibilities and generated higher hopes.
 The enormous recent achievements of East Asian countries, which are quickly closing the economic gap that separates them from the wealthiest nations, act as a constant reminder and goad to those who have achieved less.

 totally agree with this situation when I hear it done so successfully in many of our own countries. It
-
He tensed and jerked away, then blushed at his reaction.
 “Sorry,” Harruq stood up, his face burning red.
 “This is stupid.
 I’m leaving.”
 “Stay, please,” Aurelia said.
 The half-orc halted, turned, and sat back down.
 His face was still beet red but the elf paid it no mind.
 “Alright,” Harruq grumbled.
 “No interrupting, and no saying a thing.
 I just want to get this over with.

 me why this is why throws me a '0% of the brain. It kinda attacks me,
-
It sounded like a different wolf, and it was closer than the first one.
 I tried to run faster, but all that time studiously avoiding exercise was working against me.
 I topped a slight rise and then tripped as the ground wasn't where I expected it to be.
 My jacket saved me from picking up any really serious scrapes this time, but just before I finished tumbling to a stop I slammed my head into a crescent-shaped rock.
 My vision swam in and out of focus, but I struggled to my feet, only to nearly fall again as my right ankle all but collapsed under me.
 They were definitely closer now.
 They'd stopped howling, but I could still hear them.
 I somehow found myself on my back again, looking up at the biggest wolf I'd ever seen.
 TV had given me the impression that a wolf shouldn't be much bigger than a German Shepherd.
 These guys were roughly the size of a small pony, one nearly black, the other more of a gray color, both with yellowish eyes, and lips pulled back to show teeth the size of my fingers.

 hardly coherent.<eop> I felt a surge of adrenaline and jewel sense through me, and once again I
-
"Well, your homework is easier to grade than most.
 I also wanted to let you know that I'm happy with what you've been doing at the lab, and to give you this."
 As unbelievable as it was considering that most of my classmates seemed more concerned with working their fast-food jobs than with doing homework, the plain envelope she handed me contained my very first paycheck.
 Ever.
 I all but skipped out of the classroom.
 Later I'd probably complain about how small it was and wish I had enough to go shoe shopping, but for now it was just nice to know I had some discretionary money.
 Brandon looked up as I walked into the cafeteria, and waved me over.
 As I threaded between a pair of closely-set tables I noticed that Alec's table seemed unusually unsettled.
 If a shouting match could be conducted in whispers, it was being done by Jasmin and James, neither of who looked like they were happy about whatever was being discussed.
 Alec wasn't talking, but from the way he was scanning the room, he didn't want to be there anymore than the rest of them.

 a few drops of my coat and walked over to Brandon's table. I stopped halfway in the
-
Emily patted my arm.
 “It’s okay.
 We aren’t mad at you or anything.
 Right Seth?” She glared at him.
 He shrugged.
 “I guess.” Emily perked up.
 “You see, everyone makes mistakes.” Seth grunted to himself.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Hey Seth, it’s not like you haven’t done something stupid.
 We all remember the swamp troll.” Seth frowned and Jason snickered.

 don’t kal about another playing on our lives?<eop> Please I don’t need to
-
Dying.” I stopped chewing, my mouth gone dry.
 Fannie continued, “They found a common thistle caught in her airway.” My stomach curled into knots.
 I whispered, “A thistle?” “Mmm.
 Council thinks she must have been working a spell that went awry.” Fannie peered at me; I might have turned pale.
 She threw the cork at me.
 Hard.
 I must have quit breathing because when I drew in a breath, it was sharp in my lungs.
 My thoughts twisted, but Aunt Fannie wore a mean grin.
 “Something else?” I asked, my voice barely audible.
 She was enjoying knowing something I didn’t, dragging it out.

 “What else is anything else?” He asked again, very softly. “The thistle caught in
-
No one really used the ciphers, you didn’t need them with magic, but they had been added to many of the pages when the fairies had started tracking clan histories.
 I was holding in my hand the information I needed to find the northern clans in the Council’s library.
 My stomach tightened, but I found myself getting up and heading toward the village, regardless of the consequence.
 I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.
 I shouldn’t do it.
 I couldn’t.
 But I was.
 I was going to do it.
 And if I got caught?
 I could claim ignorance.

 likely wrong from the finish line...<eop><eod> If I let it win the season, then
-
"Did they give us napkins?"
 They went to bed early that night because they had to be at Paramount at 7:00 the next morning.
 Marie, fortunately, didn't question the earliness of the hour.
 The surprise he had for her hinged on the word of a friend of a friend, and he didn't want her to find out about it and then have it fall through.
 Traffic was terrible the next morning, but he managed to find the gate he'd been told to go to.
 The attendant had his name on a list and gave him directions to stage three.
 "Why did your name have to be on a list?"
 Marie asked him.
 "That's the only way to get in."
 "How did you get your name on the list?"

 "It was through." "What's the rest?" He asked Prudy.
-
The remaining two facing him were trained well.
 They held firm when Harruq charged, and stayed close together.
 Because of this, they managed to survive the initial onslaught.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Do not come closer,” Qurrah said, cracking his whip across the grass.
 Fire spread before his feet, which were black with smoke.
 The two guards ignored his threats, knowing the difficulty of using a whip in melee combat.
 Casting magic would also be a great risk.
 They only needed to close the distance and Qurrah was theirs.

 salt on the earth.if he would make a mistake in casting something, they would kill him instantly
-
But I don't understand how we can fail to get serious when people are burning, starving, weeping and hopelessly perishing, and while deep down we know we're not all we could be, or doing all we could do.
 In that, I'm like Sylvia Curtis.
 Eternity
 Philosopher and theologian Dallas Willard proposes that people who are right with God won't readily notice when they die, because they will already reside in the kingdom of heaven.
 Though I can't second his proposal with assurance, I see evidence for it, as I believe I have spent time in the kingdom of heaven.
 And if we can go there in this life, the difference might be as slight as crossing the state line into Oregon.
 On my own, I won't propose anything about the after-life.
 Observing and attempting to grasp this life is enough of a challenge.
 But God will make justice come about somewhere, somehow.
 Of that much I'm convinced.

 Over the course of the remains of an article that I right with God, I have come to realize
-
They loaned us their room until evening.
 Room service delivered bourbon and ginger ale.
 Around noon, we adjourned to the pool, on the lookout for showgirls.
 At least that was my motive.
 The pool featured a high dive like the one at Carmen Ranch Club where Eric worked part-time as an apprentice lifeguard and trampoline instructor.
 He climbed, sprang, jackknifed and got a few cheers from spectators, including several showgirls.
 Though I had never attempted a high dive before, after some bourbon, the feat looked simple.
 Inches from the end of the board was a depression full of water, on which my foot slipped.
 I tried to stop, but too late.
 The world spun sideways then upside down before I pinched my eyes closed.

 mous nose. La! Tam.<eop><eod> Re: 2011: Happy Fiji. Happy Po, Happy
-
She used the awkwardness to gain further separation between them.
 Her hands ached from the force of every block and parry.
 Her breath was fast and shallow.
 Her hair, which she had failed to tie up before the fight, hung in wild strands before her face.
 She was beautiful, but Harruq did not see it.
 To Harruq, she was the young girl cradling her sister.
 Aurelia thrust her right hand forward, her fingers spread wide and stiff.
 Words of power poured from her lips, and without hesitation the forest obeyed.
 Vines shot from the earth and wrapped around Harruq’s arms and legs.
 Down he went.

 are this to take. Why is this to be. The forest reacted and gasped in breath. Har
-
“Died fighting us, don’t that sound right?”
 Every muscle in Harruq’s body tensed, knowing his moment to act would need to be perfect.
 Before he could, a feminine voice shouted down the alley, startling all three.
 “Both of you, stop that this instant!”
 Through blurred vision, Harruq saw a woman with auburn hair standing at the edge of the alley.
 The patrolmen also turned to look, their weapons still in hand.
 “Who the abyss…‌oh, go on back to your forest, Aurelia.
 Nothing to see here.”
 The woman pointed to the bleeding half-orc.
 “I see plenty.”

 ro then gestured to Harruq.<eop> The patrolmen immediately frowned and stared at Wat Hongoo
-
Suddenly a hand closed about her mouth.
 The foul smell of sweat and dirt filled her nostrils.
 An arm reached around, pinning her staff and hands against her chest.
 “We may have to leave,” a voice growled into her ear, “but I’m not leaving without something to remember.”
 Aurelia felt her stomach churn.
 Her assailant turned her around and flung her back against the wall.
 She glared at a pock-marked soldier bearing the crest of Neldar.
 “You’re a pretty one,” he said, his smile missing several teeth.
 He yanked at his belt while his other arm pressed against her chest and neck.
 “And you’re an idiot,” she spat.

 upin the wall, she vowed. She’ll be worse than you. You will die conscious
-
But after they were married .
 .
 .
 she gave a small sigh of pleasure, imagining herself doing the Charleston with Davis and going to parties--and maybe even traveling to Hollywood!
 That was her big dream.
 She longed to see Douglas Fairbanks and Mary Pickford, to experience firsthand the fantasy of the picture shows.
 Marie was dressed by 10:00 the next morning, anticipating a day of shopping.
 Adjusting her hat a bit, she tapped at her father's office door.
 "Yes?"
 She opened the door.

 an eleven-year-old named Bernice in the middle of a tree trunk standing behind her father
-
He caressed her cheek, dropping a light kiss on her lips.
 "No.
 I'm not upset."
 They went to the grocery store that evening and bought ingredients for the next day's dinner.
 Rick had called his sister, and she'd been thrilled Rick had a girl he wanted her to meet and mad that he hadn't invited her sooner.
 If Marie was going to make dinner at his house, they'd obviously been dating long enough to feel pretty comfortable together.
 "I shouldn't have made garlic bread.
 All evening my breath will smell like garlic," Marie told Rick as she finished making dinner the next evening.
 "So will everyone else's."
 "Are you sure Teri likes garlic?"

 , at her feet. "How can she?<eop> "It makes her sick. She
-
James was standing between Rachel and Brandon, slightly crouched in a posture that looked strangely familiar.
 I heard footsteps to my left as Brandon finished crossing the last few feet between us.
 James backed up a half step, one arm stretched out behind him, pushing Rachel back.
 I suddenly realized why his movements seemed so familiar.
 I'd seen dozens of celebrities being shepherded out of one award show or another by professional bodyguards who acted exactly like James was acting right now.
 Only they usually weren't so obvious about it.
 The only time I'd ever seen a bodyguard physically push their client around was when some up-and-coming soap star had a bottle thrown at her by the wife of someone she was sleeping with.
 I looked past Brandon, expecting to see something threatening headed towards us.
 I even opened my mouth to warn Brandon, but there wasn't anything there, just Brandon, still with the same casual smile as he reached out and squeezed my arm.
 "Hi, guys.

 " I said.<eop><eod> It pretty much ended now that the bartender had finished making his guest drink
-
Eric vs. Max Von Sydow
 Back on the road my thoughts pick up where they left off in San Luis Obispo, and I wonder if Brother Lawrence perceived his constant companion as the Father, the Son, or the Holy Spirit.
 Maybe my problem with adoring God is my habit of looking at, or for, God the Father, who in my vocabulary is easy to respect, admire, stand in awe of, or even worship, but is hard for me to adore.
 God, to me, looks more like a vapor.
 And his whispering voice either sounds too much like my own to be surely authentic, or else it’s so soft, I’m not often sure I heard right.
 The Jesus I used to picture looked like a young Max Von Sydow in The Greatest Story Ever Told, and his expressions appeared more posed or acted than honestly human.
 But now he's beginning to look more like Eric.
 Eric possessed by Jesus, I can adore.
 I still see him.
 I can watch the lines of his face change as I tell him about my fears or longings.

 <eod> Felicia And her mother Will She Be Be My Father??! So many questions I want to
-
He’d been to numerous practices, knew our stuff.
 And he agreed to produce, under the name Euphonious Moniker.
 Of course, now, everyone knows he did it, but back then, I don’t know, there were legal complications or something.
 Anyway, with Jim there, well, he gave us the confidence to do it.
 So we started laying down tracks.
 Now, the story that’s told is that I hated recording, that I was, I don’t know, juvenile, about doing numerous takes.
 I probably did say, “That was good enough,” a couple times.
 But, man, Jim is such a gentle man, he just took it all in stride.
 He knew when it was done, man, when it was complete.
 If not for him, we never would have gotten “Mr.

 I really got that. He was kind of the way hand man, we had his biggest problem on
-
Yes as I did think, and so I thought.
 For like a duck walking backwards into a frozen stump, so does the muse speak her inspiration to the heart of the play-write… and as the muse speaks it, so do I perform it.
 I hope you all do so love the theatre and the way of verse that you be willing to help with financial donations.
 (motions to a hat on the floor and smiles broadly)
 Enter Character 2 from behind Character 1…She looks at him in confusion as he continues to address the audience.
 Character 1- Shall I do some more?
 Pauses, listens.
 Oh yes, I know the perfect piece…is anyone familiar with the work of ‘Jim Carey’?
 Character 2- Um….what are you doing?
 Character 1- Turns around… I’m performing for these wonderful people.

 and are they you friends/family/ Your group/ The audience/ Or is the audience /
-
She lived a block from our school.
 Her folks either enjoyed our company or preferred to have their daughter at home even if she brought the whole gang with her.
 Their family room had a pool table and a stereo.
 While most of us played eight-ball or listened to Sunday’s dad, Ivan, an engineer, explain how things worked, Eric listened to the Messiah.
 I knew he loved Christmas, which was near.
 Besides, I had given up surprise at anything he might do.
 So I hardly noted the changes in his obsessions and moods, until Christmas day.
 It was the second anniversary of losing my dad.
 After the family party at my Aunt Evangeline’s place, where my dad had eaten his final meal, I drove to pick up Eric.
 He wanted to go to Sunset Cliffs, near Fort Rosecrans where his dad was buried.

 lonely spot, it seemed he really wanted to see a sunset and drink some wine. That night,
-
I'd been in one of the surreal, vivid dreams.
 It was already too distant to remember details, but I had the impression of being on a mountaintop during the day with vision so acute that I'd been able to see the individual motes of dust.
 Oddly enough it almost seemed like Alec had been there too.
 The person waiting outside wasn't anyone I recognized, but he had the cultured, high-brow appearance of someone who was either really rich, or who moved in the kind of circles where you didn't get seated unless you were properly attired.
 "Why, hello, you must be Adriana.
 Can I call you Adri?"
 I shook my head.
 "I prefer my full name, Mr..." "Wilkenson, Mayor Wilkenson.
 Is your mother home?"
 Suddenly struck by the fact that living in the country meant there wasn't anyone around to hear your screams, I almost lied, but for whatever reason I believed him.

 looking in front of me and his face resembled David James, or at that more like Justin Bo.
-
The woman is nearly family, I guess, in a weird contorted sort of way.
 The more the merrier.
 Jim – Who else is going to be here?
 Art – Well myself, Karen, Liz, Eugene, you and to round it all out, Johnny.
 Speaking of which where is Johnny?
 He hasn’t bothered to get in the way for the last hour or so.
 Jim – How long did it take you to notice that dad?
 He’s almost always in the way when it comes to Thanksgiving dinner.
 Karen – He said he had some things to do before dinner.
 Art – Did he say when he would be back?

 There should have been a reunion before dinner. That wasn’t what they would have the kids up
-
I cut him off, trying to sound calm.
 “What happened?” “It would seem the council has attacked us.” I was too numb to draw in the quick breath I expected.
 My cheeks tingled.
 I didn’t think I could feel my hands.
 “Attacked you,” he clarified.
 Something came out of my chest that sounded like a moan.
 I blinked, too slow.
 “Attacked?” “They must have tried to strengthen your bonds.” I knew I should have been shocked but I couldn’t produce the feeling.
 “They succeeded,” I complained.
 He nodded.

 . I didn’t say any more. I went back to the hall, needing to push my
-
I can sense its power so clearly in its presence.
 I need it.
 You must give it to me.”
 Harruq crossed his arms and stared into the corner.
 “People die every day here,” he said.
 “Shall I find their bodies and bring them to you?”
 “For now,” Qurrah said.
 “Yes.
 If the death is fresh, the power should still linger.”
 Harruq reached out, grabbed his brother’s wrist, and clasped his hands in his.

 there. Midnight, around what Sorar called the guardian gate. “Our forces are on your
-
"Rain!"
 "Hey!"
 Rick backed out of the spray.
 Laughing, Marie pointed the water at him.
 "Have a drink!"
 "Marie!"
 He tried to run away, but she chased him.
 Thoroughly soaked, he changed tactics and ran toward her.
 She screeched and started to run, but he seized her around the waist and grabbed the hose.
 "You're in trouble now."

 the hose, and Marie signalled for Rick to lock up the hose. If he fired on Marie
-
Qurrah’s thin body crumpled against the dirt.
 At the sight of it, Harruq felt his rage break loose.
 He slammed his fist into the orc’s stomach, followed by a brutal kick to the groin.
 Harruq rammed his elbows into the orc’s face, baring his teeth in a feral grin as he felt cartilage crunch.
 Staggering back, the orc dropped one of his swords and clutched his face.
 “His sword,” Qurrah shouted loud as he could.
 “Take it, brother!”
 Harruq obeyed without thought.
 He dropped to his knees, grabbed the sword, and rolled forward.
 Steel smacked where he had been.

 q cursed behind his ear. He suddenly felt a green light in the pit of his stomach. It
-
“Beautiful,” Velixar whispered as the number of dead grew.
 Shifting sighs and mindless moans drifted from behind.
 Velixar glanced back at his companions, who now numbered in the thousands.
 “Surround the town,” he commanded them.
 The nearest nodded, the movement swinging the entirety of his rotting face.
 He moaned to the others, sending them in motion.
 The man in black extended a hand to his two disciples.
 “Send on their souls,” he said, “but leave the bodies for me.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 waited on them with <unk><unk> form. Three dozen dead faces lay there, dark. The nine
-
We hid our bikes in the trees and snuck up to their backyard.
 Jason and Seth appeared to be setting up some airplane that they built from scratch.
 They were muttering to each other and assembling a table they would use for a launch pad.
 I grabbed my water gun and Emily took out her trebuchet, with her balloons, and we snuck up on them.
 I held my hand up to stop Emily, waiting until Jason and Seth were grabbing the airplane out of a box and lowered my hand.
 “Revenge!” I yelled, and ran out from behind the trees, with Emily following.
 The looks on their faces were priceless.
 They spun around just in time as Emily launched a balloon right at Jason’s face.
 I aimed at Seth, who I soaked in minutes.
 Their faces looked like they had seen a dinosaur come back to life.

 , laws, constitutions, advancements, proclamations and proclamations, verve and sensitivity
-
Then Velixar did something completely unexpected.
 He laughed.
 “It will not be our hands that destroy Woodhaven,” Velixar said.
 “King Vaelor will do so for us by starting a war that will give us the dead we need.”
 “How?” Qurrah asked.
 The fire burned in Velixar’s eyes, deep with anticipation.
 “I will darken his dreams, just as I have shown you.
 He is a cowardly man, and fears the elves already.
 I played a large part in his decision to banish the elves from the city.
 After I’m done, he will want them gone from all his lands, including here.”

 . Velixar waited for it. She was coming back. But she was gone long enough.
-
But his mouth immediately covered hers again.
 Her fingers dug into his back as the kiss grew more and more intense until at last, breathless, she pulled away.
 "You make me feel like a princess," she murmured, rubbing her face against his neck.
 "Too bad."
 "`Too bad'?"
 She raised her head to look at him in surprise.
 "Yeah.
 I want to make you feel like a queen."
 "Oh."
 Smiling, she laid her head on his shoulder, relishing his tight embrace.

 were a small circle around the telescope and the only lights on were the heads of the loab and
-
The moon was so obscured by clouds it provided only minimal light, but even the poor visibility couldn't convince me to slow my flight through the near jungle waiting outside the house.
 I could barely make out the stone path that led through the garden, but I stumbled along it as quickly as I could with my sprained ankle, deciding between branches in the path completely at random.
 I'd only been running for a few seconds when lightning tore its first gash in the night sky and opened up the way for a monsoon-like rainstorm.
 Within a few seconds the cold rain was falling so hard that I couldn't see even a few feet ahead of me.
 I started shivering instantly.
 As much as my body had been through in the last few hours, I needed to find shelter before I got chilled.
 The next lightning strike was so close it lit the entire sky up.
 The telltale flash of glass up ahead was just enough to guide me to a door that was nearly hidden by the rampant foliage.
 I pulled the door open with less effort than expected, and slipped inside.
 The heady fragrance of flowers told me immediately what I'd stumbled across.

 scent of of leaves was almost the same to me. Pepper and pumpkin seeds made the most of the
-
CM:  	Ok, um, the next song on Rain and Other Distractions, the penultimate song, before the finisher, “Goodbye to the Shell,” is this odd little folk song, “Right on Poplar Avenue.”
 BG: 	Yeah, that’s Lor’s song, actually.
 Well, I mean, she didn’t write it, except in the sense that she’s inside my head like no one else.
 That song stems from a conversation we were having about the past, about the future.
 You know, it’s so damn hard to live in the moment, isn’t it?
 I mean, it’s that Zen thing, you know?
 You wanna stay present, but the past keeps intruding.
 “Right on Poplar Avenue,” pun intended, is about this girlfriend I use to have—well, she wasn’t really a girlfriend, I guess—she was one of those people you come up against in your life where you’re just beating your head against a wall.
 For whatever reason you just aren’t connecting.
 This woman, beautiful woman, was a flirt, no kidding, I mean, she made eyes at me across this restaurant, this vegetarian restaurant, and I couldn’t figure out what she was doing.

 talk about the past, they’re often so lonely. Talk about the future, a girl’
-
Information is the most powerful catalyst for this process.
 The speed and extent of knowledge transfer are far from optimal between and within nations – even within industrially advanced nations – due to lack of information, out-dated attitudes and beliefs, lingering superstitions, and conventional wisdom.
 Ignorance and scepticism about new opportunities are characteristic of development at each stage and in every field of activity.
 Information about success stories helps overcome this resistance and spurs people to action.
 Enormous potentials are waiting to catch the attention of the society and take off at this moment.
 Proven technology exists in many fields that await application because people do not know or do not believe that it can be employed successfully.
 Imitation of intensive aquaculture methods commonly employed by farmers in Taiwan and Singapore can raise average fish yields in South Asian, African and Latin American countries 25-fold.
 Advanced methods for micro-nutrient management can double or quadruple fruit and vegetable yields in most developing countries.
 A complete list of proven but untapped technologies and commercial opportunities should be compiled for each country, each region and local area.
 Programmes should be initiated to publicize information about commercialization of agriculture, stimulating industrialization, encouraging self-employment and new business start-ups, improving management practices, etc.

 can help to facilitate these efforts and thereby notify these industries of potential markets and potential commercial opportunities.<eop>
-
Therefore, the danger of confrontation and conflict will escalate unless concerted measures are implemented urgently.
 Water shortages occurring in combination with other sources of tension — such as in the Middle East — will be particularly worrisome.
 Famine remains a persistent threat precisely because the world no longer feels that threat to be severe.
 India’s last major famine occurred in Bengal in 1943 during World War II.
 Although the deficit in food production was only marginal that year, three million died for lack of strong administrative intervention to improve distribution.
 A marginal deficit could work havoc in the absence of an efficient and equitable public distribution network.
 While there is no scarcity of food in the world, there is also not a sufficiently organized effort to promote food security, precisely because the sense of urgency is lacking.
 Abundant opportunities exist to eradicate hunger, but in the absence of a catastrophic event, serious effort is lacking.
 Famine attracts media coverage, political and public attention, but chronic hunger does not.
 With global food surpluses accumulating, an organized effort can ensure food security for people everywhere.

 cock-too-do-in Zimbabwe’s first three widely studied forecasts but is the certainty that
-
Ahrqur growled some inane argument, but a glare from Velixar sent him cowering.
 “You must obey my every command, wretch, before you may return to the peaceful death you left.
 Fight me and you shall find your stay here lasting longer than your rotting body’s.”
 The undead Ahrqur whimpered.
 Qurrah watched the display, fighting against feelings of jealousy.
 He had commanded Ahrqur’s spirit to speak truthfully, but Velixar’s very glare sent him groveling to his knees.
 The elf stood and dressed, covering his white form in the red and black garb.
 Once dressed, Harruq gave him the ornate elven blade.
 “Your quest is a simple one,” he told his slave.
 “Go to Veldaren.

 progress to the west’s eastern part of the river, territory revealed to be Wind Rural.”
-
My grin widened as he mounted his horse and he looked back at me questioningly.
 “I’ll name him Steed,” I announced proudly.
 Chevelle pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head as I patted the horse’s neck once more.
 Chapter Eight Mountains
 We rode through the morning hours.
 Chevelle seemed content not to talk, but I was wound up in anguish, trying to decide whether I was brave enough to ask him questions.
 I had no idea how much he would put up with before he called it all off and hauled me back to the village for sentencing.
 Our path became more defined, pushing us through trees and between rocks, trailing upward so minutely I didn’t even realize until I glanced back and saw the base of the mountains beneath us.
 I appraised the narrow path ahead, snaking high through a vast rock-strewn mountain, and turning back didn’t seem so bad after all.
 Fists clenched, I pushed out the question I’d been most concerned about asking.

 unspeaking, and drank some more whiskey. Odd, it felt so good to not step back before
-
He repeated his designated phrase, feeling the magic flowing from him to encircle the body.
 “ _Kala mar, yund cthular!_ ” Velixar shrieked in a voice stronger than his frail form should have possessed.
 The call echoed throughout the night, sending wolves yipping away and night owls crashing in a squawking frenzy.
 The symbols on the body flared to a brilliant crimson.
 A sense of exaltation soared through both necromancers as Ahrqur opened his eyes and snarled.
 “Rise, slave,” Velixar commanded.
 “Your soul is trapped in your body and answers only to my command.”
 The naked elf rose, his eyes burning with red rage.
 The symbols on his body faded until they were but faint scars.
 “Give him his clothes,” Velixar ordered his student.

 men who have fallen in love. “The prince must have some formal education, Velixar,”
-
I pulled back and released my arrow.
 It hit the thrasher’s front paw.
 Before I could think, I had notched another one on the bow and drew back the string.
 It was like I had been an archer my whole life.
 Jason threw knife after knife, hitting its mark every time.
 When the creature went down, Seth stood and took a breath.
 Then another tackled him to the ground.
 I didn’t know what to do and Jason didn’t either.
 Emily ran forward and pointed to Seth who was clawing toward his weapon.
 “Do something!” she screamed.

 my little army and began firing.<eop> The monster. The thrashers had no idea what
-
When Rodregas finished the fruit completely he felt more whole but was also sad that it was gone.
 Imeralda seemed in great humor.
 “Come on,” she said.
 She dropped to her hands on the edge of the branch and then dropped down as if she was only feet from the ground which, strangely she was.
 Rodregas saw her standing on the ground.
 It was not that she had floated down.
 It was as if she had she had been in a regular sized tree.
 She smiled and waved at him to follow her.
 Rodregas decided to follow her example.
 If it did not work, between his Celestial essence and now the Night Panther’s sigil, he probably would not die.

 was charged with Trision, which in turn was a mortal energy,, but it did
-
But why had she married him?
 Had she not seen what type of man he was?
 He turned back to the picture.
 The article had said that she’d been vibrant and fun-loving in her youth, and he could see those qualities in her eyes.
 He would have liked to have known her.
 Well, before her marriage, anyway.
 He’d bet that she’d been a lot less complicated than the women he knew.
 And she was so beautiful.
 Rick went to bed without having decided anything about an outfit for the dance.
 But for some reason, the young woman from the 1920s was still very much on his mind.

 day at work, ran the club, and after the dance, the photographer left Ben off to work
-
I pulled an arrow out faster than you could say oh-my-god-there’s-a-hideous-monster-coming-to-whip-our-butts.
 And then I launched it.
 The arrow shot at Kojas, speeding through the air.
 But what did Kojas do?
 He whipped out his sword and slashed the arrow in half right before it hit him.
 The pieces fell on the ground.
 Holy tamale.
 I stared at the cracked pieces of my arrow and my flare of determination went out with a poof.
 Great, now what do I do?
 That was a fail, I scolded myself.

 shot at Kojas mostly through the air. My bag is now covered in spray of dust and
-
You know, if Black Lung had played Woodstock it would have been a different history, right?
 We’d be talking about a different story right now.
 Hell, we’d probably still be together.
 So, we didn’t do that.
 And we didn’t do Wattstax, either.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now, but, at the time, it seemed to sound some kind of death knell to us.
 Or maybe just to me.
 I felt marginalized, like we were from this backwater town and everything was happening elsewhere, like you know, how everybody in Memphis feels about New York, or it was San Francisco for a while.
 That inferiority thing.
 Of course, it’s only in retrospect that you see what Memphis had, what we had going on there, right around the corner.

 didn’t do that. We didn’t do that downtown then. We didn’t do
-
.
 . "
 He turned back to look at her.
 "Would you rather I didn't?"
 She smiled.
 "I'd rather that you did."
 He returned with a novel that he pretended to read.
 His mind was replaying all the day's events, and he kept peering at Marie over the top of the book.
 She'd washed her makeup off, and she looked like a child, her lashes dark against smooth, rosy skin, one small hand beneath her cheek.
 She was such an innocent young woman and was, as he’d read, vibrant and fun-loving.

 eyes squinted, and he stared inward, closely, as Marie sat down next to him,
-
If he hadn't mentioned the stairs, and thereby the fight, I might have fallen for it, but he was just looking for more attention.
 "I'll be okay.
 Just a little sprain."
 Alec looked like he wanted to say something else, but finally nodded and sat down in the next chair over.
 It wasn't as good as if he'd gone all the way back to his seat, and it was extremely out of character, but it was better than nothing.
 I breathed a sigh of relief that he wasn't going to continue fishing for compliments, and returned to my drawing.
 I knew I should open my books back up and study, but it was starting to take shape, and I figured it was only a few minutes away from becoming recognizable.
 Once that happened my meager drawing skills would evaporate and I'd have to stop anyways.
 For whatever reason every time I tried to work on something after I realized what it was, I completely ruined it.
 One of many reasons why I'd never really pursued drawing.

 resolution crossing point, and considering how easy it was to generate computer graphics and be able to adapt that
-
Jim – Only on people who insisted on singing karaoke, when it’s obvious that they have no talent for singing whatsoever.
 Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.
 Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
 Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
 But that doesn’t matter.
 What do you think?
 Jim – I like that brightly colored one in the corner over there, the one with all the swirls.
 It just looks so happy and cheerful.
 Liz – That one is called ‘Ode to Chaos’ it’s about a fight my parents had.
 Jim – It reminds me more of a commune full of tie-dye wearing hippies.

 No. Another white one is under the big chunk of curtain. Liz – It’s a
-
“I was never given his name,” Qurrah said.
 His voice, already soft and quiet, grew even quieter.
 “He was Master.
 That was all that mattered.”
 “Tell me of your time with Master,” Velixar ordered.
 “There is little to tell,” Qurrah said.
 “I was his slave.
 I cleaned up after him while he fed me scraps of his failed experiments.
 I slept in a cage.
 One time he caught me practicing words of magic.

 for secrecy, Velixar ordered the execution of Qurrah, with the head leader of his cult
-
She instructed me to bathe and change; we would be spending the day training.
 I followed her directives, but couldn’t decide whether to be grateful or worried when the clothes she’d laid out for me were plainly meant for a hard day.
 It was still early as we stole out the back, cloaks covering our heads as we made our way to the ridge.
 Steed, Chevelle, Grey, and Anvil were already there.
 I imagined the others—Rhys, Rider, and their dogs—were somewhere near, though I couldn’t see them.
 Watchdogs, I thought, all four.
 It was comforting, but Ruby wasted no time in getting to training.
 She immediately trounced me.
 Repeatedly.
 I felt all kinds of defeated before we’d gone half an hour.

 she was going to do this to me? How dare she be so mean and fair. Her sisters
-
Chick sang with Jeff’s Collie, what was her name?
 Hayley?
 Something beautiful like that.
 And she could sing, Big Mama Thornton kind of voice out of this little wispy Southern gal.
 She sang, “Ball and Chain” just like Janis.
 And, they had an original, called “What Passes Here for Heaven.”  They were alright.
 LE:  	You had a thing with her, right?
 BG:  	Oh, jeez, yeah, I did.
 It was all during that time, you know.
 She was great though.

 the French; that she was like Jean-Louis once and a while or even just a little bit
-
Brandon flashed me another smile and quickly maneuvered his car through a U-turn, a feat I was fairly certain was harder than it looked in the bulky muscle car.
 "No harm done.
 You guys bought the old Anderson home then?"
 I nodded, staring out at the desolate landscape.
 "You mean every single person in town doesn't already know everything there is to know about us?"
 "Oh, the joys of a small town.
 Yeah, with as little real news as we get out here, people probably know more about you than you're used to.
 It has its benefits though."
 I snorted, and then felt myself turning red with embarrassment.
 You would think after seventeen years I'd have learned how to laugh without making those wretched sounds.

 awful things we've been through! Nobody knows what we are up to! Maybe more you should
-
Rock & roll is only rock & roll if it’s not safe.
 Mick Jagger
 Nobody influenced us more than Buddy Gardner.
 Chuck Kom, of Jism
 DAY ONE
 Creole Myers: 		Would you take it all back?
 Buddy Gardner: 	I would take it all back.
 I take it back now.
 I take it back just because you asked.
 Take it back?

 what? Me? Buddy Gardner: Take it back. Take it back right now. I take it
-
Jason was more of the silent, watching type, who said little but noticed much.
 I traced in a puddle on the table, avoiding everyone’s eye contact as they stared at me.
 Emily patted my arm.
 “It’s okay.
 We aren’t mad at you or anything.
 Right Seth?” She glared at him.
 He shrugged.
 “I guess.” Emily perked up.
 “You see, everyone makes mistakes.” Seth grunted to himself.
 Emily rolled her eyes.

 s there anyone else up there that doesn’t make a mistake? How many people are there that
-
Today was the day.
 I hadn't consciously planned it when I went to bed, but circumstances were perfect.
 If I was wrong, Mom was not only home, judging by the noises filtering down the stairs, she was awake and only a few minutes away from coming downstairs.
 Even filled with the near certainty that Brandon's parents, and by extension him, were our secret benefactors, the next fifteen minutes were some of the longest in my life.
 When Brandon's Mustang finally appeared around the bend in the lane, I found myself smiling so hard my face was starting to hurt.
 Breathing silent but heartfelt thanks that Mom was in the shower and therefore couldn't hear the low rumble of the Mustang's engine, I slipped out the front door and skipped down the concrete steps.
 "I figured you were either too sick to get out of bed, or you finally decided to trust me."
 Brandon's gray eyes twinkled as he made a show of checking me over.
 "Looks like you're not sick."
 I didn't know it was possible to blush and smile at the same time.

 "Here that is," Brandon said in a big, quiet light-step. "Well
-
Anyone from Memphis?
 BG: 	Lemme tell you how I answer that question.
 I ain’t the past.
 I am the future.
 CM: 	Ok.
 So, you hear from the other members---
 BG: 	I talk to Skippy once in a while.
 He and his wife were here just a couple of months ago.
 He seems happy.
 His wife is a peach.

 his wife is so thrown into a great government environment and being thrown into this great government environment and being
-
Let’s go song by song.
 BG:  	Song by…
 CM:  	Through your catalog.
 BG:  	Shee.
 Fun.
 If you call ‘em out, I’ll try to comment.
 Don’t expect me to remember everything..
 CM:  	Let’s do Rain and Other Distractions first.
 BG:  	Right.
 CM: 	“Train Tracks and Other Tracks.”

 Taking Hire and Other Tracks.” BG: Hot charts. GB: Hot charts
-
"Do you like silver?"
 he asked her.
 "I love it.
 Especially bracelets."
 She watched in fascination as he talked a merchant down to $8.00 from his asking price of $20.00 for a delicate silver bracelet.
 “We never do that when we shop in Boston.” He laughed.
 “Only when you’re shopping for cars.
 But in Mexico and a lot of other countries, it’s the custom.” “Thank you,” she said as he fastened the bracelet on her wrist.
 "Can I try negotiating for something?"
 "Sure.

 of name only. I want to leave the novelty to your imagination."<eop><eod> Mullin, read
-
Now that I knew his concerns, it was hard not to notice just how distracting the feel of his lips under my fingers was.
 Just how pleasant it was to have his hand cupped over mine.
 It was with an incredible amount of regret that I let go of him, and put several inches of empty air between us.
 It didn't help much; I could still feel his energy caressing the exposed pieces of my skin.
 "There, I'm not touching you, and I still want to go to the dance with you.
 Want it more than anything else."
 That wasn't completely true.
 I wanted him to kiss me even more than I wanted to go to the Ashure Day Dance.
 Having him touch me in other ways was pretty high on the list too, but maybe that was just psychosomatic.
 He didn't need to know that.

 "I don't need to let you touch me. I want to go to the dance with
-
“And I love the feel of all the magic.
 My body was meant to live in a place that has more magic than our world does, but the lines are chaotic.
 It is hard to sleep on a wild line.
 It is going to be hard to stay here for long.” Doi’van’s deep voice had the tone of making a simple observation, not conversation.
 Rodregas nodded; he had been waiting for the comment, but he had thought it would be Imeralda who brought it up.
 “True,” he said, “unless you have a way of smoothing it out.” Rodregas waited for a few seconds as the three approached the main farmhouse building.
 The walls were of thick cut stone and it was built on an impressive scale for a farmhouse, though worn-looking.
 Of course, there were no signs of a roof, doors or windows.
 As they entered the yard, the feeling of the hair standing up on their bodies settled down and instead a feeling of fullness replaced it.
 The horses had been acting up and Rodregas hoped that with the energy smoothing out, the horses would stop fighting their lines.

 , Doi’van wished that everyone could finish their lives. What was missing was to spring an
-
“Follow the left wing,” he said, his finger pointing to the constellation in the stars referred to as the raven.
 “It will not be long before you see the light of their campfire.
 Make haste.
 The battle grows closer with every move we make.”
 “Yes, master,” they echoed before beginning their trek.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 It was not long before they saw the firelight in the distance.
 “Can you run, brother?” Harruq asked.
 “No, I cannot.

 be disabled or killed as I patted his shoulder letting both together die.<eop><eod> At the end of
-
We delighted in Russell's arguments that Christianity was the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
 Dismiss Christ, trust ourselves, we would discover the solution.
 Simple.
 After a couple of Russell’s books, Eric brought home Thus Spoke Zarathustra, by Friedrich Nietzsche, a strangely enchanting poet.
 Zarathustra claimed that some of us could become supermen.
 First, our spirits would need to brave the desert like camels, forsaking our past, our heritage, all the values of common people.
 Once we had finished forsaking, we would metamorphose into lions and proceed to slay the dragon called "Thou Shalt".
 After burying the dragon, the lion would die and resurrect as a child, the infant superman, innocent and forgiving, a new beginning, a sacred Yes.
 Then, we could discover and assert our own wills, and use those wills to conquer and change the world.
 On a Sunday morning in January, a few days before my mom’s release from the hospital, a gang of us high school boys sat naked atop a giant flat boulder in a desert oasis called Palm Canyon, a few miles out of Borrego Springs and a two-mile trek past the end of a dirt road.

 children alone.<eop> It was dark and cold, gray around us. And our eyes were open,
-
Cassie's expression made my stomach tighten up and my gorge rise.
 It wasn't right for a girl to look at another girl like that.
 Like she couldn't wait to watch Vincent do all kinds of terrible things.
 "Payback sucks, doesn't it?"
 Jasmin's complete stillness was an eerie counterpoint to the waves of power still beating at me.
 I somehow knew she was just seconds away from springing when the sound of running footsteps caused all three to turn.
 Alec appeared around the corner, followed by Isaac, just a split second before Brandon sauntered into view from the opposite direction.
 The tingly feeling grew exponentially more powerful with so many more shape shifters present.
 Rubbing my arms did nothing to ward off the feeling that entire colonies of insects were skittering across my skin.
 Mr. Rindell's appearance forestalled what I'd been sure would turn into a full-blown fight.

 part when Jake was sealed into his squad locked in a massive facility. I walked across the heart of
-
It also fed his rage.
 “Kill me,” he shouted to one guard after another hit and fade.
 He smacked away a thrust but did not attempt to counter.
 “Can you not kill me?” he asked, holding his swords out wide.
 Neither one attacked, instead holding their swords in defensive positions.
 Harruq shook his head, feeling his anger growing.
 These men did not fight with their hearts.
 They fought with their heads, and such foolishness could not be tolerated.
 “Fine, I’ll show you a real warrior,” he said.
 His muscles tensed, his legs bulged, and then he charged the two, oblivious to his own safety.

 ous maneuvers were taking place outside the compound. Harruq become enraged, through his strength widening
-
He looked around to find that it was emptied out, except for the two carriage horses.
 They must have been left in case Ravenhurr wished to travel, which would be unlikely with all his guards and servants scattered over the town, but good servants did not take their master’s transport from him.
 In the open central area, he saw both the small carriage and the supply wagon that Ravenhurr used for traveling and carry supplies back and forth to the keep.
 He looked at it and smiled.
 With the carriage horses and wagon he could strip a lot of useful items out of the keep.
 He went next door to the smith’s and started gathering up tools, and loading them up into the smith’s travel trunk.
 The nicest tools were in a cabinet, and with a grunt (it was heavy even for him) he picked it up and loaded it into the cart, along with some other useful implements.
 He would need to carry as much food as possible as well.
 He quickly went back into the main keep and wrapped up the mattress from Captain Poir’s bunk and started carrying barrels of flour and other foodstuffs to his pile next to the front entrance.
 The drudge stared at him with a strange look but did not question his actions.

 Magr began to fill boulder pile to the north of thees side of the keep and started
-
“Fall back!” They gave one more angry hiss at us and disappeared into the woods.
 The bushes and trees rattled and then the woods were silent.
 I could hear everyone's heavy breaths as we turned to face each other.
 Well, actually everyone turned to me.
 “So,” I said and wiped the sweat off my knife's handle, “that was something, wasn't it?” Emily put her hands on her hips.
 “Jazell, how the heck did you know how to kill those things?” She shook her head.
 “What were those things?” “Syphons,” I said.
 “I don't know how I knew where to stab them.
 I just did, alright?
 It was weird.” Seth shook his head and leaned against a tree.

 , once a wildly popular black promoter and now a very story turn reporter. Seth asked himself what was
-
Dylan is art, for us anyway, for what we’re talking about.
 Now, knowing Bob, I have to say, he’s a humble prophet, you know?
 But I still wish I had a clearer picture of how it all happened, to me, Dylanwise.
 Perhaps the mystery is more apropos.
 Perhaps mysteries always are.
 CM:  	Wow.
 Ok.
 I didn’t know Dylan was that…
 BG:  	Man, he was That, for all of us.
 He was that for you, even you, Creole (laughs)—he just is, like the moon.

 Which is real, heaven in thing, god in thing, worship in the Holy Spirit. It is
-
Wherever land reforms have resulted in the division of farms into small parcels, farmers need to be supported by well-organized services, particularly for post-harvest handling, provided either by companies or co-operatives.
 Economic liberalization offers expanded opportunities for private enterprise to work with small producers in a wide range of agro-industries to combine the social benefits of small holdings with the economies and marketing expertise of corporate management.
 The contract system of agricultural production introduced in backward regions of Thailand has enabled small farmers to work closely with private businesses to produce labour-intensive, value-added crops, with technology, training and marketing provided by the companies, resulting in a rapid rise of farm incomes and job opportunities.
 Developing countries possess significant advantages in terms of climate, year-round production and low labour costs that are conducive to foreign investment.
 With private capital flows on the rise, there is an opportunity for developing countries to upgrade technology and obtain direct access to foreign markets by providing a conducive atmosphere for foreign investments and collaborations in agri-business ventures, such as hybrid seed production, flowers, processed fruit and vegetables, fresh and salt water aquaculture, and sericulture.
 Shift from commodity-based to resource-based planning
 The responsibility of governments to achieve dramatic increases in foodgrain production to keep pace with population growth naturally led to a commodity-based approach to agricultural development in many developing countries.
 Governments projected demand, set production targets for specific crops, and instituted programmes to help farmers produce the food needed to meet the minimum needs of the population.
 But once shortages are eliminated, the focus on specific commodities becomes a barrier to further agricultural development, because it retards diversification into more profitable commercial crops.
 Contrary to free market theory, farmers in many countries have tended to continue production of traditional crops, even when prices have fallen in response to increased supplies.

 real interest is maximising the production strength, with broadly available varieties, the commodity-based approach should
-
If you do, I'll tell them the rest.” “Seth!” Jason said and ran over.
 “You're awake, man!” “Yes and I feel like crap,” he said.
 “I think that if I try to stand up I'll either pass out or throw up.” “Will you be okay flying?” Emily asked.
 “What?” I asked.
 “Flying?
 What do you mean 'flying', Emily?” “Our new dragon friend offered to fly us out of the woods region and towards more of the mountains.
 I said yes, of course, because I don't want to walk the whole way there,” she explained and walked towards the dragon.
 “I guess...” Seth said and stood up.
 He paled and started to sway.
 Jason grabbed his shoulder to steady him.

 on.” Emily said and looked around. The dragon had started to fall to pieces. Emily started
-
COREY MESLER has published in numerous journals and anthologies.
 He has authored four novels: Talk: A Novel in Dialogue (2002), We Are Billion-Year-Old Carbon (2006), The Ballad of the Two Tom Mores (2010), and Following Richard Brautigan (2010); two full-length poetry collections: Some Identity Problems (2008) and Before the Great Troubling (2011); and three books of short stories: Listen: 29 Short Conversations (2009), Notes Toward the Story and Other Stories (2011), and I’ll Give You Something to Cry About (2011).
 He has also published a dozen chapbooks of both poetry and prose.
 He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize numerous times, and two of his poems have been selected for Garrison Keillor’s Writer’s Almanac.
 He also claims to have written “Rock and Roll Heaven.” With his wife, he runs Burke’s Book Store, one of the country’s oldest (1875) and best independent bookstores.
 He can be found at www.coreymesler.com.
 
 ﻿
 Defining Moments: A Suburban Father’s Journey into his Son’s Oxy Addiction By Bradley V. DeHaven
 Smashwords edition, published by Bradley V. DeHaven Copyright 2011 This book is available in a print edition at http://www.rxdrugaddict.com.

 page is presently vacant and removal will take months to complete. Filed under: Drug Addict,
-
It was of average make, and he did not like such large swords.
 The weight provided a lot of momentum and power for a strike, but if you missed it was hard to recover and very easy to leave yourself wide open for a counter strike from your opponent.
 It looked like the guards had gone to celebrate “his” birthday by taking most of the better armor and weapons with them.
 Rodregas grabbed a shield as well, and a barrel of the best looking arrows and carried them to the front entrance.
 There was probably money in the purser’s office, but he knew that the door, as well as the room was rigged with poison needles and other traps, both mundane and magical.
 Rodregas had the impression that Ravenhurr had spent most of his wealth of late on the Dire Cats.
 After Rodregas’ recent generosity, he did not want to take the risk of dying for a nearly empty treasure box.
 He looked out of the entrance, over to the gate and up to the top of the wall where a small tower provided cover.
 There, one of the few guards left should be watching the front gate.
 Also kept in the tower were two of the nicest weapons Rodregas had ever seen: a pair of recurve bows of Wood Nymph created black yew.

 his sword, Rodregas went over to the gate and grabbed the rest of Lamp Sci. The
-
Partly Dylan’s doing, but it was inevitable, it was headed that way, the power of it, the communicative power.
 Man, I sound like Rolling Stone.
 What I mean is that rock wouldn’t have held it’s place if it hadn’t shifted, if the words didn’t start to mean something.
 It was time.
 It was time for music to mean something.
 Dylan, The Beatles, they led the way.
 They said, you know, show us the plan, you don’t need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows.
 And the kids sat up and listened.
 It was coming, this revolution of meaning, this concentration on the word.
 And, all along, behind it like a dark river, ran the beat, the melody, a sort of communication device that was both insidious and right out there in the open.

 would of course be something that wouldn’t shift, and would never cease to be, at least
-
“We would still get spitted like a pig to the roast without decent armor,” said Doi’van, “but as the Gods have yet to provide the armor, we will show these human squires the armor of our faith and the armor of our courage.
 I just don’t like having to watch you fight such battles and not be able to fight myself.” growled Doi’van.
 “Yeah, what he said,” Imeralda stated, ”I wish I could do the bow competition for you.
 I could get you five points there even with a regular bow, otherwise I am happy to watch you big boys show how tough and strong you are.” Rodregas smiled at Doi’van’s and Imeralda’s courage even though their personalities were opposites.
 Imeralda was as light hearted as Doi’van was thoughtful.
 “One question,” Rodregas asked, “do we actually have a hammer or a mace?”
 Two days later the dawn found Rodregas facing his first opponent.
 This first foe looked very young.
 He nodded to him like Rodregas should know him.
 Rodregas wondered if this man had been a friend of the previous occupant of his new body?

 the rich mandala? Was this man damaged and wanted to be run? Did this man have
-
I looked back, intending to shoot the obnoxious pair a nasty glare in the hopes it would shut them up, and instead caught Alec's eye.
 The house lights were still bright enough for me to make out every detail of his perfect face, and yet I was still baffled by his expression.
 He'd obviously been staring at me, was still staring at me actually, but it wasn't a leer.
 It was something else, it made me want to blush, or maybe smile and toss my hair.
 Whatever it was, it left my skin feeling warmer than usual, and more than a little tight.
 Even after I looked away with a flush of embarrassment, I still felt like I could feel his eyes watching me.
 I could feel his presence behind and to the left of me, like a gentle tingle of electricity I could've pointed to even with my eyes closed.
 I resisted the urge to look back again as the lights dimmed and the orchestra began the opening strains of the first number.
 The actor playing Jean Valjean strode out onto the stage, and even weighed down by chains, he still commanded everyone's attention as though he was a member of the nobility.
 Each successive character somehow managed to latch onto my heart as they arrived.

 touching all else I felt the need to look back. It was cold and damp outside across the bridge
-
I'd expected the shallow, narcissistic eyes of a runway model.
 Instead, the eyes that connected with mine hinted at depths I'd never even imagined existed.
 My lips, acting of their own volition, started to pull back in a tentative smile, but before they could complete the action, the heart-wrenching eyes narrowed.
 The emotions swooping across the surreal face were too quick to identify, but the way he turned slightly away as he passed all but proved they'd been a close cousin to distaste.
 Chapter 3 For a moment I was too busy mentally flogging myself to hear Britney's question.
 "Have you been to Vegas yet?"
 "No, we just got here last night."
 And I'd been too busy making doe eyes at gorgeous boys who were completely out of my league to do anything like take a shopping trip.
 Britney perked up at my answer.
 "We so have to go down there soon.

 completely dithered about how to introduce Britney, which chaotic armchair diner that I found was a
-
“Yup, never better.
 I'm just having a minute to myself.” “Okay...” I trailed off.
 Seth walked over to join us.
 “We should get moving and find somewhere else to stay.
 If we stay and argue in the forest, something worse is bound to find us.” “Right, lead the way,” I said and pushed off the tree.
 Seth nodded and I walked beside him as he led us, once again, through the woods.
 Emily and Jason were talking quietly about something which gave us both the opportunity to talk.
 “You think Kojas sent them?” I mumbled to him and pushed a branch away.
 He looked at me from the corner of his eye.
 “Obviously, why else would they say that the 'King' would underestimate them?” “You make a good point,” I said.

 Rupert and Emily came over to the side of the mountain, orderly to guard them as they followed
-
He grabbed his throat as the other council leaders rushed to him.
 His choking face stared directly at me, unquestionably an accusation, and I realized with a start that he was right.
 I was cutting off his windpipe, as if it were there in my outstretched fist.
 I released my grip.
 He was surrounded now, and the room was filled with a roar of commotion and terror.
 My ears rang sharply.
 I had to look away from it all.
 When I turned, I caught my reflection in one of the larger mirrors, but it wasn’t me.
 No, it must be me, but unrecognizable.
 Not unrecognizable, a voice inside me whispered.

 some voice inside me whispered. Not unrecognizable, a voice inside me whispered. Not
-
I was really lonely, but I'd just about given up.
 It just wasn't worth the effort."
 He squeezed her hands.
 "And then you walked into my garden.
 We spent time together, got to know each other .
 .
 .
 fell in love."
 He raised first one hand and then the other to his lips.
 "I want to spend my life with you, Marie.

 love you just for the fact that you were beside the tiny, growing flowers in my garden, me
-
Until now development has been largely a haphazard, subconscious or half-conscious process of trial and error experimentation, an application of partial strategies, a confusing mixture of productive and counter-productive initiatives, an unscientific and often superstitious clinging to half-truths or old-truths that no longer have any relevance.
 Development is not merely a set of goals or programmes.
 It is a social process by which human beings become mentally aware of new opportunities and challenges, conceive of ideas, create inventions, release their energy and enthusiasm for achievement, and acquire the skills and organizational capacities for action.
 A better understanding of that process will enable us to avoid the errors and tardiness of past efforts and accomplish in the next few decades what might otherwise take centuries.
 The world possesses sufficient experience and information to formulate a comprehensive and integrated theory of development as a social process.
 The theory should explain the process by which human society has developed to where it is today, the forces which propel its growth, and the stages of its past and future progress.
 It should be based on the perception that the political, economic and social life of human kind is a single, inseparable whole and, therefore, that comprehensive, total strategies must be applied to resolve our problems, because partial strategies lead to partial solutions which disturb the harmony of the whole, generating unwanted side-effects.
 This knowledge should be utilized to formulate a model of development that is based on the internal dynamics of the process rather than on its external manifestations or extrapolation of future trends from past data.
 This model should become so precise that we can anticipate the impact of peace, more education, greater political freedom, rising social expectations, and high values such as guaranteed employment on the progress of society.
 This conceptual knowledge should enable us to understand and replicate fully the conditions responsible for the post-war achievements of Japan, China’s recent 20 per cent growth rate or Yugoslavia’s remarkable conquest of hyper inflation.

 be conceptual (term-situality-value-historical-founder) as much as
-
I suddenly realized why his movements seemed so familiar.
 I'd seen dozens of celebrities being shepherded out of one award show or another by professional bodyguards who acted exactly like James was acting right now.
 Only they usually weren't so obvious about it.
 The only time I'd ever seen a bodyguard physically push their client around was when some up-and-coming soap star had a bottle thrown at her by the wife of someone she was sleeping with.
 I looked past Brandon, expecting to see something threatening headed towards us.
 I even opened my mouth to warn Brandon, but there wasn't anything there, just Brandon, still with the same casual smile as he reached out and squeezed my arm.
 "Hi, guys.
 I just thought I'd see if Adri needed a ride home."
 It was like I'd been hit by a bus.
 My arm tingled at the same time my heart started skipping beats.

 in the sound of someone getting a bathroom in what seemed like a minutes, but it was like you
-
He strode out of the house, heading for Mae's.
 Marie stared after him.
 She knew about sex.
 But-but .
 .
 .
 she'd thought it would be something pleasant.
 Was the harshness of his kiss indicative of what sex would be like?
 She couldn't sleep that night.
 After tossing and turning for hours, she got up and took a long bath.

 then let it run for an hour.<eop> Still no explanation for the long time he waited.<eop>
-
BG: 	 Naw, fuck man, that’s Pete’s gig.
 I know sometimes Pete talks to him—I can tell from some things I hear—but he’s so sweet to me, he keeps me out of it.
 Tony Hudson—he screwed The Airplane, too, from the story that I got—that’s part of the West Coast myth of the guy—he thinks part of his cachet, you know?
 But Pete’s—
 LE: 	He’s family.
 BG:  	Exactly.
 He’s my brother.
 LE:  	And your father.
 BG:  	True.
 I have many fathers.

 He’s mine. And now he seems like a bit of man. No. No. No
-
Anvil had stood before the man, but any one of them could have snapped his spine.
 “Frey.” Chevelle’s tone was solemn.
 “You know what they did to your mother.” And I could hear what he didn’t say.
 You know what they’ll do to you.
 I didn’t have a counter for that and he knew it.
 He took advantage of the silence, giving orders to Ruby.
 “Take her to the house.” She had me at once, towing me beside her as she retrieved our cloaks.
 Chevelle was still instructing, “Steed, watch the front, stay inside.
 Grey, take the rear, out of sight.
 Anything, no matter how trivial, signal the wolves.” Wolves.

 <eop> The wolves weren’t about to do that. Wight Hunter was planning on getting them away
-
In contrast, authoritarian systems and command economies centralize decision making, restrict the flow of information to the public, foster vast unresponsive bureaucracies, limit individual freedom and initiative within narrow bounds, and encourage obedience and conformity rather than innovation.
 The spread of education, which fosters independent thinking, and dissemination of information through the media were important factors in undermining public acceptance of communism in Eastern Europe.
 In a real sense, it was Gorbachev’s policy of glasnost that brought down the Iron Curtain.
 It opened up an insular society and exposed it to an avalanche of new information, new ideas and new possibilities, which released a fervent aspiration in the people for a better life.
 Over the last few years, democratization has been especially dynamic in Africa, where it has been dubbed Africa’s Second Liberation.
 During the first three decades of post-colonial independence, almost all of the continent’s 54 states had come under either single-party or military rule.
 The preference for authoritarian rule was often justified by the need for rapid economic development, which could be impeded by opposition to government policies and by the need to contain regional and tribal conflicts.
 Neither of these claims has proven true.
 Living standards have actually declined in most African countries during the last two decades.
 Regional and tribal politics have flourished.

 have grown into big cities, and social infrastructure has been rebuilt into traditional communities so that they can mobilize
-
We all know what this means.” “Yup, he’s hiding something.
 Seth, why were you yelling at Jazell for being out alone in the woods when you were doing the same?” “I wasn’t hunting down monsters alone.
 Jazell was doing that,” he grumbled, clearly annoyed.
 “But you were still out alone and you yelled at me for doing the same thing.
 The same thing could have happened to you.
 Do you think you’re stronger than the rest of us?” My voice rose slightly at the end of my question.
 “No.” He went quiet and tried to avoid our eye contact.
 “Now who’s keeping secrets?
 You’re breaking your own rules.
 Why were you out?” Emily can be very demanding sometimes, I actually felt a little bad about involving her in my interrogation.

 ’t tell me. It’s okay she’s not saying it."<eop> “Why
-
This is different.
 Velixar has given us the power and privilege to do what we were always meant to do.
 I need you to embrace this.
 Velixar’s reason is the only reason we need, that we will ever need.
 It is in our blood, our orcish blood, and that is a weight even your muscles cannot hold back.
 We are killers, murderers, butchers, now granted purpose within that.
 That is our fate.
 That is our reason.
 Do you understand?”
 Harruq’s fingers traced the hilts of his new swords.

 that is something you been begging me to do on this planet. It is something you have always begged
-
No killing.
 He may not be the Forest Butcher, and even if he meant to do what she feared, it didn’t mean the others were him.
 The hope felt juvenile and ignorant but she clung to it tightly.
 The magic left her fingertips, and doing her best to calm her heart, she followed Harruq back home.
 “Nothing?” Qurrah asked when Harruq stepped inside.
 “Nothing.”
 It seemed Qurrah would leave it at that, but he clearly saw the apprehension on his brother’s face.
 “Tell me the truth,” he said.
 “What happened?”
 Harruq sighed, and he removed his swords and flung them to the ground.

 ar said simply, “It happened,” and as he dazed his brother off the rock and lifted Har
-
His mind lingered on the fight that night, blocks he had missed, moves he made he shouldn’t have, and opportunities presented he had not taken advantage of.
 But mostly he thought of Aurelia, giggling as vines held him and she blasted his back with springs of water.
 He did not sleep well that night.
 It would be a long while before he did.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The mood in Woodhaven grew somber as dark rumors spread.
 First came word that troops were on their way to enforce an edict evicting all elves from the city.
 The more this rumor spread, the more elves seemed to arrive.
 Elven men and women with camouflage and great longbows patrolled the city.

 ! Indeed, the moon seemed to freeze all that was happening in the city. The sky was gray
-
"But I'm just a normal person.
 Why would I appear different than anyone else?"
 Alec's shrug was enough to send my heart racing again, but not enough to distract me from his words.
 "With shape shifters, we believe it's because the animating energy, the soul if you will, burns more brightly than normal.
 I think it's tied in with what allows us to shift forms.
 With you, there isn't any obvious reason, but I think that Dominic has probably hit upon the root of the matter."
 His pause this time wasn't just to collect his thoughts; I could tell he was tempted not to tell me whatever he was thinking.
 "You know that our legends indicate a belief we were created in order to watch over and protect humans?
 Well, Dominic believes that your light represents a defense mechanism.
 We don't know of any accounts where humans have burned so brightly, but it's possible the primitive parts of you, the ones that remember what it was like to be watched over by our kind, hit upon a way to call for help from us, while not admitting a problem to your own kind."

 And you know he wouldn't want to look compared to us like that? "Once I
-
“His name is…‌he will tell you his name.
 He is powerful, Harruq.
 Very powerful.
 I’ve taken him as my teacher, and I want him to become yours as well.”
 Harruq raised his arms and flexed, watching his calloused hands open and close.
 “What can a teacher of magic offer me?” he asked.
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “You’d be surprised,” he replied.
 “But will you accompany me tonight?”
 “Fine, fine, I will,” he said.

 the creases of the fingers, his eyes darted quickly to Qurrah and them widened.
-
Though they had all claimed rooms of their own, they were all still sleeping in the living room, partly because of the fire they kept there and partly for the company.
 They were surprised with visits by the two Dire Cats on a regular basis.
 The first evening, when they were settling into the night, the two cats casually walked through the door.
 The three of them froze while the two cats just sprawled out in casual comfort close to the fire.
 One of the cats (Rodregas had not been able to tell the two apart yet) stretched over and started to rub her chin against Rodregas’ leg.
 The power behind its head was such that it almost knocked him over.
 He had seen small house cats make similar gestures, but it was disconcerting to have two powerful predators such as the Dire Cats being so friendly.
 “I guess this means we are part of the pride,” said Imeralda, slowly reaching over and giving the other cat a tummy rub.
 Rodregas held his breath, as the cat responded with its paws by stretching out, its claws popping free with the stretch.
 They showed no signs of aggression, but just looking at the size of their claws, and then at Imeralda, made Rodregas want to jump over the Dire Cat and put his body in front of her.

 hissed at the other cat when the jealous Dire Cat got too close to the frustrated Rodregas
-
Karun was a large woman.
 She was tall and unusually muscular.
 She moved with an easy cat-like grace and was attractive, in an about to kick your ass sort of way.
 She was probably of the blood and strong.
 She had her brown hair woven into a tight braid and wore well fitting chain and leather armor.
 Her sword and shield seemed to be of excellent quality.
 Rodregas tried to get a good hold on his shield.
 It was battered and not looking good.
 The top of its handle was loose.
 His sword was possibly worse with chips and a crack starting high up.

 a sharp, hardened blade. He had long-, very long-------
-
I glanced around.
 Still no sign of the watchers as I slid my shoes on.
 I should have kept running during the night, but I’d been too exhausted.
 There was a pack in the pile as well, but I didn’t have anything aside from a soaking wet dress.
 I stretched it over a low branch to dry, and the pouch I had hidden before the trial fell free.
 I sat on the rock, picking up the small, weathered bag.
 I’d carried it for days now and still didn’t know what was inside.
 I pulled the binding loose to dump the contents into my hand: a small dark ruby, a silver medallion, and a tiny scroll.
 I held the stone up to the light.
 Aside from the depth of color, it didn’t seem extraordinary.

 happened to ask if I would like a quick quick smoke of some kind.<eop><eod> A late man
-
Thank you for reading The Celestial Paladin.
 I hope you will read the next book in The Order of the Lion series The Hellborn Prince.
 Resources
 Celestial - Led by the All-Father Allód and a pantheon of gods most of who are his children, but also includes those who have ascended to the Celestial Realm.
 The realm is also the habitat for the Celestial beast who symbolize varies aspects of the gods.
 Infernal - Led by the High Prince Sathariel and his court of Daemon Lords in a realm of fire and chaos and constraint struggle.
 The realm is full of minor daemons that symbolize various aspects of the Daemon Lords.
 Elemental - The One Tree connects the power of the natural realm and exists both within the mortal realm and beside it.
 One aspect of the Elemental realm is One Tree and another is Gaia the nurturing mother, and the four elemental dragons; EArth, Fire, Water and AIr.
 The Guild of the Celestial Path – The organization of over a hundred Sorcerers who rule a large section of the Eastern Realms.

 t is built around a deal of magically transient old fashioned clerics and shamans led by
-
(Eugene comes on stage)
 Eugene – I’ve been looking all over for you guys.
 Jim – Well I’ve been right here for the last several hours.
 Liz – I was mingling with my guests, and then I had to go and talk with mother about the show.
 Eugene – Well since I found you, I got some great news.
 Jim – The Canadian advance has been halted?
 Liz – (laughs)
 Eugene – What the hell are you talking about?
 Jim – Nothing.
 Liz – It was an inside joke.

 They” decided to “t run off to London to start the pullback”. Bo – Bo
-
I'd feel misplaced.
 I'd worry about my family and how upset they are and how they'd always wonder what had happened to me."
 She took her toothbrush and put toothpaste on it.
 "I understand.
 But that doesn't make it any easier."
 Tossing his washcloth into the clothes basket, he picked up a brush, and when she straightened after having brushed her teeth, he began smoothing her hair with long, slow strokes.
 Marie closed her eyes, tears seeping from them.
 She stood still for as long as she could, but finally, unable to bear the tenderness of his touch, she turned around and took the brush from him.
 "I'll never be able to go to the shore or drive a car or-or shop for bathing suits without feeling pain because it'll make me think of you.
 I don't want to have to stop brushing my hair."

 maybe I shouldn't stop. Maybe it shouldn't have happened. Maybe it shouldn't
-
Harruq nodded, shivering as he felt the tip of the blade rubbing against the tender skin of his throat.
 “Good.
 Pleasant days, half-orc.
 May Celestia watch over you…‌and condemn your actions to death.”
 The biting tip left his throat, the blades in the bow retracted, and then the elf vanished.
 Harruq struggled to his feet, clutching his neck as he gasped for air.
 “Damn elf,” he cursed.
 “How dare you threaten us.”
 His hands shook violently as his adrenaline faded.
 He had been terrified, convinced the elf would kill him, yet he didn’t.

 the bow, the sword and the dagger, and then he might get all their attention. He didn
-
Several books and strange containers ended up in the fire, though he did find two books that felt of magic that he kept.
 He also found a small statue of a strange green mechanical frog that had that magic tingle to it.
 He could not imagine its use; it appeared a simple toy, but he put it in his pile to take.
 There was a heavy oak cabinet in the corner which he forced open.
 Inside were large pottery containers, which he had seen before.
 They held some of the magic powders used to make the circles that were so important to many of the most powerful of the Immortalist’s spells.
 He checked the powders for magic and several came off very strong so he added them to the pile.
 Two came off with the foulest feel yet, even worse than the books in the studio.
 He could not burn them but knocked them into the middle of the room and then added a couple of the other non-magic powder containers.
 In his final action before he left, he used the crow bar to shatter all the bottles, and made sure to mix the powders together.

 was room for a little burn, but he didn’t want it to prove too painful. The
-
The orc attacked again, all his strength behind the swing.
 Harruq ducked, narrowly avoiding decapitation.
 Qurrah lunged before the orc could strike again, latching onto his wrist and letting dark magic flow.
 The orc howled at the sensation of a hundred scorpions stinging his flesh.
 Flooded with adrenaline, he hurled Qurrah aside, desperate to break the contact between them.
 Qurrah’s thin body crumpled against the dirt.
 At the sight of it, Harruq felt his rage break loose.
 He slammed his fist into the orc’s stomach, followed by a brutal kick to the groin.
 Harruq rammed his elbows into the orc’s face, baring his teeth in a feral grin as he felt cartilage crunch.
 Staggering back, the orc dropped one of his swords and clutched his face.

 van haunted into his sign, taking the sled and heading towards Jai Ana because
-
But it was in L.A. that Buddy transformed himself into a folk artist, a singer/songwriter with a heart on his sleeve and an ace up it.
 He was as mellow as yellow, as smooth as California sunshine.
 And as empty as a bird’s nest in December.
 His two albums, “I Was a Child When Smaller,” and “Rain and other Distractions,” were mega-sellers.
 Buddy made it.
 He made it big.
 For a price, yes.
 Those last songs, dripping with feigned self-pity, seem apocalyptic in retrospect.
 “Allison All Gone” and “Goodbye to the Shell” especially appear to comment on Buddy’s desire to burn his bridges, leave his Memphis past behind, forget his roots.
 And, of course, then there’s “Burn my Bridges” and “Forget my Roots” off the second album.

 let’s go to Patterson Brown’s masterpiece of cover-guitar.<eop> (In a
-
I suppose if I live another thirty years, my eyes will still mist when I think of my girl as the fast friendly pitcher.
 University of Arizona, whom I count as my team since I taught there for several years, is leading University of Hawaii when we leave, on account of a book signing.
 My friend Alan, with whom I’ve partnered for a lot of book signings, likes to hound me about a remark I once made, “There’s no such thing as a bad signing.” Well, by now I’ll admit that there is such a thing.
 But most often, even if you don’t sell many books, interesting stuff happens.
 And you never can tell when you’ll get blessed.
 Or challenged.
 Or both.
 A woman of kind and friendly demeanor comes into Chapters, a coffee shop bookstore in Newberg, Oregon, about a half hour from Portland.
 I’ll call this woman Curly.
 Though she's older than most college students, as her sweatshirt is lettered “George Fox,” I ask if she goes to nearby George Fox University.

 it’s rocky but life has been pretty good for my life far, far. And if we
-
"Maybe I should go walk in the garden.
 That's how I got here, so that's probably the best way to get back."
 "That's a good idea, but it's getting late.
 You shouldn't be wandering around out there in 1927 or 2011.
 Why don't you wait until tomorrow morning?"
 He smiled, taking her hand.
 "Come on--dinner's almost ready."
 She enjoyed the meal he'd prepared, and her eyes grew wide with delight when he set dessert in front of her.
 "I love chocolate ice cream!"
 she exclaimed.

 looked at him, "God!"<eop> One day, when she wasn't watching television
-
When he slept, I went into the bedroom to see if his chest was inflating with air to assure me he was still alive.
 It reminded me of when our boys were babies and sometimes we would check on them in the night or as they napped and we never left the room until we verified they were breathing just because that is what a parent does.
 Chapter 15: Happy Frickin’ Holidays!
 As Thanksgiving approached, our traditions looked impossible to pull off.
 We were evasive when we called my wife’s parents to tell them not to come to our house as they usually did.
 We said we had some personal family issues to deal with.
 We could tell their feelings were hurt, but we didn’t feel we had any other choice.
 We did allow my younger brother Harry in on the whole awful situation and invited him to come to the house as planned.
 I needed my younger brother because he had developed a great relationship with my boys.
 He’s 11 years younger than me, and in the music business where he works shooting videos for rap artists my sons listen to.

 ed for a few days behind our family and seemed to tear a little bit before hobbled back
-
Excited, he stood and headed for her room.
 But when he reached her door, he hesitated.
 Would she believe him about the article?
 She still felt loyal to that jerk, and she might not believe him.
 Especially since it was pretty obvious that he himself had something to gain by convincing her that she shouldn’t marry Davis.
 His sister had once told him that a girl usually wouldn’t even believe her best friend if she told her that her boyfriend was cheating on her.
 He went back to his office and read the article again.
 He should have shown it to Marie before he’d fallen in love with her.
 But he was afraid to tell her he’d known of her before she’d walked into the garden.
 What if she thought he’d done something to cause it?

 it be true? I mean, all cops are in this, right? He couldn’t,
-
What’s with your dad?
 He looks distracted.
 Jim – He’s in love.
 Liz – What?
 Jim – Art is in love.
 Liz – Are you sure?
 Maybe he’s just tired.
 Jim – He says he knows the difference.
 We discussed it and I’m going to believe that he does.
 Liz – When did it happen?

 Kate over he says he knows the difference............
-
I didn’t need to defend myself to her.
 “I know,” she said, “but it’s still fun.” I wondered if she did know.
 Like everyone before.
 I pushed the thought from my head.
 “I thought the dogs were their weapons of choice,” I said, cringing a bit as I remembered their demonstration.
 “Wolves, Frey.
 And they aren’t weapons.” “They don’t use them to attack?” She spoke like she was explaining to a child.
 “Yes, the wolves attack.
 But not as weapons.
 Not by command of the elves.

 claimed to be before. Just as they shall be, you know. But not as weapons. Instead
-
Art – Noooo, that doesn’t feel right to me either.
 Karen – Then what would you prefer Mister?
 Art – Well, it’s a bit of a mouthful, but a bit more accurate than ‘dirty old perverted man’ or whatever.
 I mean ‘dirty old pervert man’ sounds a lot like a super villian’s name or something, and I don’t really think that I could be considered a super villain by any stretch of the concept.
 On top of that there is the ‘old’ part, I’m not really that old, I’m only forty-two years old, which may seem ancient beyond belief to a beautiful young woman such as yourself, but when you get to my level, well, it just kind of is how old you are.
 It doesn’t feel much different than when I was in my twenties or thirties, well I’m in better shape now, which isn’t saying much, I was kind of a nerd back then and didn’t do much exercising…
 Karen – Get on with it.
 Art – Ah yes, where was I?
 Karen – You were eventually going to inform me what you feel I should call you.
 Art – I prefer Art.

 – Lately, it seems quite that way. Art – And wherever I go please. Art
-
"I know."
 After a few moments, Marie drew back to wipe her eyes.
 "What about Father?"
 "I met him two years after I lost Andrew.
 Your father is a good man, Marie.
 He doesn't have the passion or sweetness Andrew had, but I do love him.
 And he gave me you and John, so I'd certainly never regret having married him."
 "But you've never loved him like you did Andrew."
 "There are different types of love."
 "But you understand when I say that I don't want anyone else, that I could never love any other man the way I love Rick and that I don't want to settle for anything less."

 last of the tears, Marie frowned. "Don't feel like hanging out with my father
-
They had a relaxed, bored look.
 He thought that they gave him a casual nod, but he could not actually see any movement.
 Rodregas simply knew that these were the two Dire Cats that he had freed from the Dungeon.
 “Did everyone from that dungeon follow me?” he whispered to himself.
 The three stood there fighting to keep the horses from running and watched as the Dire Cats stepped through the main door for a moment, but left after only a short wait.
 The Dire Cats then circled the main building and went over to the far edge of the main house and then simply disappeared.
 Rodregas said, “I think they just went into the cellar of the home.
 The entrance is over there.
 Come on, let’s get the horses over to the old barn and get them set for the night before it gets too dark.” “Are those the two Dire Cats from Raven Keep?” asked Imeralda.
 As she spoke she shook her long auburn hair behind her, something he was starting to realize was a nervous gesture.

 they tried to turn their heads and give signal that they did not understand, Rodregas heard footsteps
-
An arrow flew across the room and pierced his shoulder when he reached the second floor.
 He bellowed, letting the pain spark his rage.
 One archer continued to fire out the window, believing his companion capable of finishing a single warrior.
 He believed wrong.
 The elf fired only one more shot before Harruq crossed the room.
 The arrow lodged into Harruq’s side, and then Salvation tore through his bow and into flesh.
 A kick sent the remains tumbling out the window.
 The other archer pulled back and fired at point blank range.
 Harruq roared as he felt a sharp pain bite into his neck.
 His mind blanked.

 gas that came from the roof. He stood and opened his eyes. There was no more smoke from
-
I swung the door open and slipped out of the car before she could respond.
 I waved goodbye with a cheery casualness I thought did a pretty good job of hiding my desire to break into tears.
 It was amazing how I'd let the numbness slip away for nothing.
 Rachel wasn't any more my friend than she'd been a few minutes before.
 Instead she was probably freaked out.
 I'd have been so much better off if I'd just stayed oblivious to everything, and ignored her like I'd done everyone else today.
 The hot Utah sun was trying to knock me to my knees as I slowly made my way down our lane.
 For a moment I thought about what would happen if I fell and hurt myself.
 By the time Mom realized I was missing, I'd be a perfectly preserved mummy, sucked completely dry by the harsh climate, exactly as ordered for a pyramid burial.
 I hadn't realized some part of me was hoping Mom would be there waiting when I got home.

 would just move it over and hope she'd find a place for me on the next day.
-
Our physics class was about the most sedate, nerdy group of people I'd yet met.
 If they were this worked up about the fight, it was a good thing I didn't share any other classes with Alec.
 The rest of the school must be three or four times as bad.
 Sketching helped block out all of the inane conversation that'd taken over the other corner of the room.
 It was amazing how easily I was able to zone out while drawing.
 Once again, I didn't try to guide my hand, just let my subconscious create a horizon and start fleshing out a body of water and droopy trees around it.
 The sound of a hand coming down hard on a desk pulled me from my refuge.
 "I told you all to keep it to a dull roar.
 I want everyone back to your seats."
 A couple people looked like they wanted to give the sub a hard time, but these were all the kids who were hoping to make it into the top ten percent of their graduating class.

 just didn't seem to feel like it was worth it. I tried to stick with my hands
-
The demons.
 He started calling in the middle of the night and reading to me from The Egyptian Book of The Dead and The Prophet.
 Poor Skip.
 BG:  	Skip Spence, from Moby Grape.
 CM: 	That’s right, yes.
 BG: 	Who else?
 BG:  	Jesus.
 Uh, Timmy Hardin used to do “Ms.
 Denmark and the One Way Ticket” in his concerts.
 I don’t think he ever recorded it.

 – DH. GOD. K. C... V. C
-
The right of veto should be rescinded with respect to this most crucial issue.
 A time-bound plan should be drawn up by the UN for complete and total nuclear disarmament by all nations.
 Ban on ballistic missiles
 Nuclear devices are the most lethal class of weapons, but much of their threat arises from the development of ballistic missile technology which can deliver them to distant targets unmanned and without risk to the aggressor.
 Even if nuclear weapons are eliminated, these vehicles can be utilized to carry large conventional payloads that strike terror in a distant population.
 The danger to all nations of unexpected and unprovoked attack from near or distant powers can be vastly reduced by declaring an immediate ban on the use of ballistic missiles of all types, including those carrying conventional warheads.
 This proposal, first put forth by US President Reagan in 1986, would eliminate the discriminatory provisions that deny missile acquisition to some, while preserving the right of others to maintain and develop this purely offensive capability.
 It would also eliminate the need for missile defence systems, which no nation can afford and which are the only possible defence against ballistic missile weapons.
 The ban on use should be followed by urgent measures to dismantle and scrap this entire class of weapons worldwide.
 Technically, a prohibition on testing and deployment of ballistic missiles would be far more verifiable than any limits on nuclear proliferation.

 A drive for disarmament of all nations should be launched by the UN. In this way, to avoid
-
All of this prep, stress, planning and nothing to show for it!
 My mind filled with thoughts of my son going to prison with my inability to deliver Steve to the narcotics officers to satisfy Brandon’s deal with them.
 The call from the officer came in on my headset and it was to the point; I was instructed to head back to the spot where I was wired (“home-base”) so I began my short journey back, completely disappointed.
 The entourage of police came out of parking spots and the marked cars came from behind the building and out of nowhere.
 It was as if a sudden parade had emerged from nowhere folding in behind me as I exited the parking lot.
 I arrived at the original briefing spot and I got out of the truck and the lead officer immediately began to tell me this was a good first contact and that I would get them.
 I tried to interrupt him with my feelings of distress but he would have no part of it.
 He complimented me on holding my ground so firmly.
 In fact, he and his partner asked me if I had done this before because I was so stern with her and refused to bend.
 I guess they were accustomed to dealing with strung out drug addicts.

 was comparing him to Michael... Peter... Harry... Donovan...
-
We girls will just get to know each other, and then once you're done, you can bring me up to speed on the latest developments."
 We passed several seconds in silence after Alec disappeared, and then Mallory turned back towards me with a twinkle in her eyes.
 "So it finally happened?"
 "I'm sorry; I don't understand what you mean."
 "Alec's finally fallen in love, and with such a lovely girl.
 I was half worried he was going to spend the rest of his life so mired in responsibility, he'd never let himself notice anyone."
 I was flabbergasted, but my lack of response didn't faze her in the slightest.
 "I take it he finally realized you aren't a shape shifter then?"
 Apparently my astonishment leaked through to my expression, that or maybe she could just smell the shock on me.
 Whatever the reason, her smile took on new intensity, and she slowly reached out and clasped my hand again.

 You're right; Alec has finally caught up with my life." I attempted to "
-
Such a great request, a desire for destruction that most would hesitate before.
 For Qurrah, though, it was a fate he had long expected.
 It was within his blood, the cursed, the race of the ugly and the destructive.
 Yet it had been his elvish blood that had him banished.
 Such foolishness.
 Such idiocy.
 “King Vaelor cowers at the very thought of an elf,” Qurrah said.
 “The rest of the city despises us for the orc within me.
 I will punish all of their ignorance.”
 “Tomorrow night, come to me,” Velixar said.

 you have given and know of, send someone or something else within you. “So far I have
-
It was a wooden bow, and when I reached behind my back I felt a quiver full of feathered arrows strapped there.
 I ran a finger over the smooth, dark wood and turned to see Seth crashing out of the woods.
 I smirked at him and pointed at his head.
 “You have dark blue hair.” I giggled, not knowing why I was giggling after what had just happened to us a few minutes ago.
 He frowned and pulled a piece or two out of his head.
 His eyes widened, and I laughed at the shock on his face.
 If we were dead, which was my best guess, why not poke fun at him?
 Seth smiled at me.
 “Well, yes but you have green hair.
 It’s bright green, like neon green.” I shoved my hair in front of my face.

 I was old, I would twist your face in a shirt like a balloon, and sing the words
-
Evading a ban on testing would be practically impossible.
 Small Arms, Drugs, Crime and Terrorism
 Four decades of preoccupation with nuclear weapons have blinded policy makers to an extremely dangerous and destabilizing threat to nations and their citizenry from the other end of the weapons spectrum – the proliferation of small arms.
 The shift in the nature of conflicts from massive wars between states by regular armed forces over a wide region or encompassing the globe to small, inter-state or intra-state warfare by irregular forces, insurgents, criminal or terrorist groups infiltrating and often indistinguishable from the general population has led to a frighteningly swift and widespread proliferation of small arms.
 This category includes weapons up to 50 mm calibre, high-powered automatic personal weapons such as the AK-47 Kalashnikov, sophisticated explosives, and shoulder-fired rockets, grenades and surface-to-surface missiles.
 The transfer of small arms takes place through diverse channels – formal and clandestine trade, legal and black or grey markets, and local manufacture.
 These weapons provide the means to support and sustain low-intensity (but highly lethal) conflict.
 The contemporary international scene is replete with examples – Peru, Central America, Northern Ireland, Bosnia, the Caucasus, Angola, South Africa, Somalia, the Middle East, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Kashmir, Sri Lanka, Myanmar and so on.
 Recently, they have been used more widely to support ethnic conflicts around the world.
 These weapons are often targeted against the society itself.

 in developing nations, often in the guise of “economic convenience” – or even the pretense that
-
“Mine was calling my name too and said to beware of the shadows.
 But I saw a ghost-like boy instead.
 Then I saw a glimpse of you and then I woke up.” “Who do you think they were?” I asked.
 “The ghost kids.” “I don't know but I have a feeling that they weren't on Kojas' side,” he replied.
 I glanced over at Emily and Jason, making sure they were still sleeping.
 “Why do you think they were in our dreams?
 Was the 'beware of the shadows' that important?” “Does any of this ever make sense to us?” Seth asked with a shrug.
 “We just wait it out like we always do.” Emily groaned and stretched.
 She opened her eyes, squinting at the two of us.
 “Morning.” “Good morning Emily, sleep well?” I asked, wondering if she had the same type of dream as we did.

 eyes open to see Nan and Tay in the bedroom watching from my side. “H and Z were
-
I made a short excuse to Junnie and headed out the door and around back.
 After I rounded a few houses, I cut back toward the village center.
 I wasn’t doing anything wrong, but I didn’t want to flaunt it.
 I had no good reason for researching Chevelle Vattier, except I had been thinking about him all day.
 You just met him this morning.
 Not even met.
 Stared at.
 Heat crept into my cheeks for no good reason, and I picked up my pace to the old tree that housed the library.
 I knew my shoulders were drawn in and I was glancing around too often, but I couldn’t seem to help it.
 It felt illicit.

 it was. Invio St. Danielle, md. Calif., was my place to
-
Cleo – And you believed him darling?
 Maybe he was just making excuses.
 Liz – Please, he’s my best friend.
 I know he wouldn’t lie to me about that.
 Cleo – Men lie all the time.
 Liz – So do you.
 You seem to have to flirt with all my boyfriends.
 I’ve even seen you chase the gardener and just about every other man you come across.
 Cleo – Elizabeth!
 Liz - Why couldn’t you just leave Jim alone?

 to make her at her business. Simon – Julia! Simon – eight out of ninety!
-
Just keep it to a dull roar."
 It was like releasing a bunch of kids in a candy store and telling them to sample whatever they wanted.
 Every single girl in the classroom but me made an instant beeline towards Alec's desk.
 The guys were a little slower, but not by much.
 For a while I tried to ignore all of the poorly disguised gushing about how brave Alec was, or attempts by the guys to recreate exactly what Alec would've done if Vincent had gone ahead and thrown a punch.
 After fifteen minutes I finally gave up, closed my book and flipped open my notebook.
 Our physics class was about the most sedate, nerdy group of people I'd yet met.
 If they were this worked up about the fight, it was a good thing I didn't share any other classes with Alec.
 The rest of the school must be three or four times as bad.
 Sketching helped block out all of the inane conversation that'd taken over the other corner of the room.

 "The test tests are a lot harder than everyone thought. Sunday" was about the last one I
-
.
 .
 Rick closed his eyes, flushed with both desire and chagrin.
 He'd just told Marie he wouldn't do anything to hurt her.
 She was a virgin and planned to be one until her wedding night.
 How could he take that from her?
 How could he use an act of love to manipulate her into staying with him?
 And if she decided to go home anyway, how could he let her go home with the shame he knew she'd feel?
 He couldn't do it.
 No matter how much he loved her, no matter how much he wanted to make love to her and keep her with him, he couldn't do that to her.

 't do that to Marie.<eop> RATT.. he punched the dial to quote
-
"Thanks--you're terrific.
 Listen, I called to tell you that I may be a little late tonight."
 "Why?"
 "I have a lot of things to wrap up before the weekend.
 But I have a surprise for you that'll make up for it."
 "It will have to be a really special surprise."
 He laughed.
 "It is.
 And I'll pick up a pizza for dinner.
 I'll try not to be very late."

 quick determination of his friend, turning away from the horizon and firing the Stalin truck until it shuddered and
-
Character 1- But I didn’t do anything!
 Back in the living room.
 The hat is once again in its place at the front of the stage.
 Character 1 is standing at the front of the stage addressing the audience again.
 Character 1-  Folks, before I begin tonight’s performance, I would like to request that you make any donations that you can spare to the continued operation of this theatre, and to keeping the entertainment you are about to receive at the highest quality as is possible.
 (smiles at ‘someone’ standing over the had with a donation)  Thank you sir, your generosity is greatly appreciated by both myself and these other fine folks in the audience.
 Now without further adieu, let the show begin.
 (begins to sing an off-key rendition of the song ‘feelings’) (Some time into the song, he stops, looks around and runs for the couch, where he picks up the book ‘how it ought to be’ by Rush Limbaugh)
 Character 2- (Comes in and sees Character 1 reading the book) I thought I told you not to read horror stories before you go to sleep, it always keeps you up into the middle of the night whimpering, and I’m sick of trying to sleep with the light on.
 Character 1- (laughs weakly) I only just began a little while ago honey, no worries, I’m not scared at the moment at all.

 Important Member: Corporate Citizens Foundation of Florida, Children at Risk Organization, Veterans Affairs Florida Foundation of South
-
It was the body of Gerald, not Rodregas.
 Her body was everything that he had thought it would be, both wonderfully hard and lush.
 To say she was the most beautiful woman he had ever enjoyed touching was a ridiculous understatement.
 Imeralda reached up to his neck and pulled herself up on top of his lap.
 She wrapped her legs around him and hoisted herself up like she was climbing the trunk of a tree.
 He had wanted to take his time and explore her with his hands and lips, but clearly she was in no mood for foreplay.
 Rodregas in turn was in no mood to stop her now that his own passion was building, and there was no reason to think that they would not be repeating this experience.
 There would be other times to explore her.
 Now was time to give in to their most primal needs.
 For one last moment he held her back, slowing her movements.

 mouth thought in his mind was a damned needless effort, but it was one that had rewarded him
-
I can’t believe even the Immortalists would be crazy enough to go up against both the Celestial Gods and the Daemon Lordsof the Infernal though.” Imeralda nodded and said, “What price is so high as to be even better than God hood?” The three sat silent for a few minutes soaking in that question.
 Rodregas looked at Imeralda and asked, “Well, we can’t answer that today, but how did you break Van’dret’s spell?” Imeralda nodded and with a smile said, “I always hoped that if I had to take on a sorcerer it would be in the Forest where I would have an edge, but no, it had to be in a hallway!
 I knew my regular spells; he would counter without a problem.
 So I had to work around the spell.
 The spell was one to hold you from walking or running.
 I actually tried to dance or hop,” she said with a smile.
 “But he was too good, he had those covered.
 But, I have been practicing a spell to float in the air, and that worked.
 The spell was not designed to stop someone from floating in place.
 And then I told Doi’van to throw me at Van’dret.” “That was a crazy chance, as an Immortalist he could have split you in two with his bare hands,” said Rodregas.

 your laws of governing and empire you no longer think about it as a chance to hit Van’d
-
.
 .
 when they're in love .
 .
 .
 do you know .
 .
 .
 what happens on-on your wedding night?"
 "Of course.

 :::::::;::::::::::::
-
Velixar’s gaze followed his, and together they noticed the smell floating in the breeze.
 “There are bodies nearby,” Qurrah said.
 “Hundreds.
 I can feel them.”
 “Elves do not bury their kin,” Velixar whispered.
 “The few tombs they do build house nothing but ash.
 Instead, they pile the bodies of the dead to burn, but not tonight.
 Tonight they mourn.” He stood erect, stretching out his arms as if relishing the warmth of sunshine.
 “Such wonderful dead.
 To die in combat is a glorious fate, Qurrah.

 Perhaps you have encountered an order against war. “I mean, I already did but I just want
-
The success of the Green Revolution was due to its integration of technological, institutional, commercial and public policy measures, while its short comings arose from its failure to integrate environmental factors, which are now being incorporated in agricultural development strategies.
 Comprehensive measures can eliminate the side-effects of partial progress.
 The progress of the whole depends on the progress of all its parts.
 Humankind is infinitely enriched by the qualitative diversity of culture and individual expression, but it is immeasurably impoverished by the quantitative abyss which separates the more fortunate from the rest of humanity.
 The most prosperous levels of society cannot fully and finally rise to higher levels of accomplishment and enjoyment without first ensuring that the less fortunate and less productive are helped to obtain the full fruits of life at the present level of social achievement.
 Social equity, apart from its moral value, is an essential condition for continued progress.
 A proper balance has to be found between the principles of freedom and social responsibility, competition and co-operation, and between public good and private profit.
 All individual achievement is based on prior social accomplishment.
 The courageous pioneer and talented individual who achieve more for themselves always draw upon a rich social legacy and build on the ideas, knowledge, discoveries, inventions and innovations of countless people and societies who have come before.
 Policies should be formulated to reflect the contribution of the collective to all individual achievement.

 should develop economic integration programs and developmental policies to reflect the contribution of the collective to all individual achievement.
-
I’m free.”
 Aurelia kissed his forehead as the half-orc drifted back to sleep, still overcome with his exhaustion.
 To her eyes, it seemed he slept far better than he had before.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah did not know what to say or do as he watched his master die.
 His entire world had just come crashing down in the darkness.
 Above him were more than fifty elves, each one eager to bury an arrow in his back.
 “Harruq,” he said, crawling amid the bodies.
 He desperately hoped none would spot him.

 ing his robe, Prophet Ibrahim shook his head knowing no one would are aware of it.<eop> “
-
He simply stood and walked from the room.
 Ruby saw me watching.
 “He’s right, Freya.
 Rest now.
 Plenty of time to get you straightened back out.” She stood and walked to the front wall.
 I hadn’t noticed the narrow window before, no wider than the flat of a hand.
 Ruby positioned herself in front of it, watching whatever was outside.
 I sighed.
 Plenty of time.
 I fiddled with the blankets for a few minutes, tried a couple of times—futilely—to move tiny specks of loose rock on the floor, and then gave up and decided to read the journal again.

 writing still on the clock as I turned it on. Of course, if I could keep it up
-
Just remember that Alec's dominant to everyone here, and he'd die for either of us without even a heartbeat's worth of hesitation."
 After Rachel left I spent the next hour trying to get comfortable in Alec's desk chair.
 It was likely the discomfort was more due to the subject matter than the chair, but I just couldn't get comfortable.
 I finally moved my books over to the bed and sprawled out on it.
 Spanish, Math, History, Biology, English.
 The subjects all blurred together as the hours passed by in a blur of academic exhaustion.
 I wanted to go to sleep long before dark, but couldn't justify it, so I just kept grinding along.
 I'd long ago learned that changing subjects and studying something new was almost as good as a break, so I swapped out books on a regular basis, and persevered despite increasingly-frequent head bobs.
 The attack came as a complete surprise.
 One moment I was quietly studying, an instant later hordes of shape shifters were pouring into the mansion.

 throwing. Now guys don't get that one. Now lover gets in on that one. Young
-
But hiding in a briar patch wouldn’t work this time.
 They would come for me.
 As I frantically tried to decide where to go, my previous conclusion snaked through my mind.
 They would find me if they wanted to.
 There was no stopping them.
 I had no magic, no tracking skills, no clue.
 I stopped running.
 My heart pounded, the wind cutting against the damp sweat on my skin.
 I wanted to understand what had just happened, but I couldn’t process it.
 It was just too painful.

 let go. Let go. Let go. Let go of whatever had remained, to just run at
-
"I feel torn completely in two.
 I don't think I can ever be happy again.
 When I go back, I'll be miserably lonely for you.
 But if I were to stay here, I'd miss my family, my home, my roots.
 I'd feel misplaced.
 I'd worry about my family and how upset they are and how they'd always wonder what had happened to me."
 She took her toothbrush and put toothpaste on it.
 "I understand.
 But that doesn't make it any easier."
 Tossing his washcloth into the clothes basket, he picked up a brush, and when she straightened after having brushed her teeth, he began smoothing her hair with long, slow strokes.

 her hair itself, she knelt down and stitched up her wipe-up.<eop> "
-
As soon as they got home, Marie spread out all their purchases, looking at them with delight.
 "I can't wait!"
 she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
 Rick smiled.
 "Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.
 Thank you so much, Rick."
 She flung her arms around him.
 She packed for both of them and finally, unable to find anything else to do, dropped onto the sofa beside him.
 "I'm excited."

 " a little girl, she said, pulling her hair back. "It's,
-
At least until recently."
 I wanted to know what he meant, but couldn't muster the willpower.
 I already felt myself starting to drift away.
 Even the feeling of him caressing my check again wasn't enough to bring me all the way back to full alertness.
 "Somehow that all changed after you arrived.
 Little by little I started to realize just how empty my life really was.
 I wish I could come right out and say it while you're awake.
 I don't want that life anymore.
 I don't really want any life that doesn't involve you."
 Part of me wanted to scream for joy, to jump up out of my bed and wrap myself around Alec as tightly as I could, but I was just too far gone.

 outcome, the stop in the road, the news that the building had been frozen to exist, it
-
Doi’van walking in unaware of the situation would have been very embarrassing.
 Rodregas had suggested to Imeralda that they should stop in case Doi’van walked in, but she had shown no signs of caring and quickly took the thought away from him with her actions.
 Rodregas wanted to ask her what this encounter had meant, but he knew that while such questions were natural they were never helpful.
 Two people fresh from their first lovemaking were in no place to talk about a relationship.
 Rodregas had made a promise to the gods and though she was the most amazing woman in the world, still he would do his duty.
 He tried to find the right thing to say.
 Rodregas looked down at her with her head on his shoulder and her pile of auburn curls spread equally over both their naked bodies.
 Her long hair covered a lot of the two of them but really hid nothing.
 He met her large green eyes and said, “You amaze me.
 I knew you were brave and courageous, but now I know where your true magic talent is...” He looked at her eyes as he spoke and even when he smiled at his own words, he let her see the sincerity of what he said.

 Gu proceeded to explore and draw a different image. She laughing, he were looking at the Devil standing
-
Sammy was in the latter group.
 She'd probably been saving a question about light since we'd started the unit.
 Just in case an opportunity presented itself to earn some brownie points.
 "Mrs. Alexander, I read something about water around reactor cores giving off a blue light.
 Can you explain how that works?"
 I'd expected something stupid, but glowing water made me think of the vivid dreams.
 I listened as intently as I'd ever listened to anything, and did my best to follow all of the diagrams as Mrs. Alexander attempted to break a college-level concept down into something fairly average high-school students could follow.
 "So, in short, really it's a matter of the hydrogen and oxygen atoms attempting to shed the excess energy they've gained from the radioactive particles emitted from the core.
 The energized electrons give off radiation in the visible light spectrum during the process of dropping down to a lower energy state."
 Hmm, an interesting concept, but still not an explanation for how the water in my dream had given off a soft golden glow, one that had rippled with the movement of the water.

 did repeat the suggestion, but never even tried to test it out. I thought about it a bit
-
She rubbed her face against his arm.
 "So if I was supposed to stop you, and you knew I wouldn't, why did you stop?"
 "Because you looked into my eyes and told me you love me."
 He sighed.
 "If you had moaned it in a moment of passion, if your eyes had been closed .
 .
 ."
 He swallowed.
 "You are an incredibly passionate woman, Marie.
 I could have made love to you and said that it was your fault as much as mine.

 " She stroked out and back his side.<eop> They kissed on the way back from the With of
-
When the Beatles dropped acid, when Leary made his famous pronouncement, I mean it was so public.
 Blame it, LSD, on Cary Grant.
 (laughs) At first legal—when I started, Dad, though soon illegal, which is weird.
 I think acid was illegal.
 Is it legal now?
 No, no, it’s not.
 LSD-25, specifically, you know, I mean, everyone had it—it came to Memphis from Frisco on sugar cubes, I think.
 It was at the Bitter Lemon, you know, and I’d go there—I was, shit, I don’t know, 16 or something.
 Man.
 Anyway, did I use it to write?

 How about you, Dad? Unspits’ Dead W/3– 3 (kh)
-
His smile was just as radiant and reassuring as always.
 "Only to someone who happens to know your entire schedule, and who just saw what looked like Rachel and James leave without you."
 It was my turn to try and hide a trembling lip as I responded.
 "Rachel and I had a fight."
 Brandon turned his stereo down and motioned me around to the passenger seat.
 "You okay?"
 I managed a smile.
 "Yeah, I'll be okay.
 It was just a really bad fight.
 I've never said those kinds of things to anyone.

 going to save Rachel and James."<eop> Brandon pointed out the space hatch for me to try and
-
I'm going to go make breakfast.
 Come down when you're ready."
 The hot air felt good, and it was making her hair fluffy.
 Unfortunately, she didn't have any curling tongs, and her too-long hair, now perfectly straight, hung past her shoulders.
 With a sigh, she parted her hair in the middle and went downstairs.
 "Hair all dry?"
 Rick asked.
 "Hey--your hair looks great!
 It looks longer now."
 "It was curled before--that makes it look shorter.

 really curl?" the answering machine asked. "A little more day helping" Rick said.
-
The walls were of thick cut stone and it was built on an impressive scale for a farmhouse, though worn-looking.
 Of course, there were no signs of a roof, doors or windows.
 As they entered the yard, the feeling of the hair standing up on their bodies settled down and instead a feeling of fullness replaced it.
 The horses had been acting up and Rodregas hoped that with the energy smoothing out, the horses would stop fighting their lines.
 Though in truth the horses seemed to be getting more agitated.
 As the magic smoothed out Rodregas smiled and said, “The ley line would be as much of a problem as a help unless, of course, the farmhouse is made of Nymph stone.” Rodregas expected the sound of pleased surprise but instead heard alarmed in-drawn breaths from them both; he saw that they were looking to the right, where he suddenly noticed movement.
 Two female Dire Cats stepped out of the orchard and made their way to the farmhouse.
 They had a relaxed, bored look.
 He thought that they gave him a casual nod, but he could not actually see any movement.
 Rodregas simply knew that these were the two Dire Cats that he had freed from the Dungeon.

 , Rodregas thought of Gargo and Roland as his Luring sisters. They had the same
-
Seen from a wider perspective and traced patiently along the course of its myriad consequences, the introduction of new technology acts as a catalyst that generates a positive ripple effect which, on average, results in the creation of many more jobs – more skilled, more productive and higher-wage jobs – than it destroys.
 The rising productivity made possible by technology reduces production costs and thereby lowers the price of products and services to customers and consumers.
 The lower prices result in increased demand, greater consumption, higher levels of production and even greater cost reductions due to economies of scale.
 This represents only the first cycle of job creation.
 While jobs are being eliminated in low-skilled manual or assembly operations, simultaneously they are being created in industries that manufacture and service the more sophisticated machines, as well as in Research and Development (R &D) laboratories that develop the new machines, materials and manufacturing processes.
 The workers who operate the improved machines require higher levels of skill, which demands more education and training, thus creating demand for jobs in the service sector.
 The more productive and higher-paid industrial workers utilize their enhanced purchasing power to buy more goods and services than before – spending more on travel, consumer goods, housing, leisure, health and the education of offspring, and thus creating demand for more jobs in other industries.
 Rising incomes generate higher standards and expectations, bringing changes in lifestyle that create new needs and new commercial activities.
 This process has led to enormous growth in new jobs.
 The best documented example of this process is the automotive industry.

 support and carry out transportation services for working-class vehicles and industrial plants using the companies existing fleet.
-
It was the first item of real worth that he had found.
 On a shelf above it was another small pile of the silver chain.
 When he pulled it up he saw that it was a helmet, a solid Mithril skullcap with sides of chain mail designed to be connected at the bottom.
 He reached up and pulled it on his head, but even his head was too large for the AElfin style Mithril armor.
 It quickly joined the suit of armor and the candleholder on the bed.
 On the bottom shelf he found a nice pair of boots, not of AElven make.
 Attached were matching grieves, armor designed to protect the lower leg., and a pair of armored gauntlets to compete the set.
 All ended up on the bed.
 Nothing else of interest was in the wardrobe.
 Though the two fanciest robes both heavily embroidered and of Western Silk, also went to the bed.

 is what Goether used for promotional room materials for participating commitments around the Cape and in Africa.
-
Almost before I'd even finished assimilating how quickly Alec had pulled everything together, Mom was backing down the lane as I waved goodbye.
 Alec appeared within thirty seconds of Mom's departure, Isaac close behind him.
 "We need to go.
 One of Brandon's people just got close enough to smell us.
 They left before we could tell for sure who it was, but the odds of them coming back with lots of help just went through the roof.
 If we're still around when they do, things will get ugly."
 Part of me wanted to break down into a gibbering wreck.
 The rest of me just nodded calmly, and turned to head upstairs as Isaac politely passed me, apparently on his way to the kitchen.
 Alec gently grasped my shoulder before I'd even managed to take a step.
 "There isn't time.

 kidnapped Disney Princess didn't trust any of our help."<eop> That was it, Alec.
-
.
 go out to lunch?
 Davis always had to work during his lunch hour.
 Go to a picture?
 Davis thought they were a waste of time.
 Marie climbed into bed with a frown.
 She and Davis were going to have to have a serious discussion.
 She didn't intend to have a husband whom she saw only at meals and at bedtime.
 CHAPTER SIX
 Marie awoke at dawn the next morning and jumped into her clothes.

 do I do he asked. She looked at his face and evening hair that was falling back into a
-
There were all kinds of theories about how to travel through time, but there was absolutely nothing that could explain how she’d traveled through time.
 She hadn’t gotten in a time machine, hadn’t been near a dead star, hadn’t been thinking about 2011.
 That was another thing—most of the articles talked about traveling back in time, not forward.
 How could she have been thinking about 2011 when she knew nothing about it?
 She picked up a book with a chapter on traveling through time by thought.
 Like most of the others, it was about traveling backwards, so it couldn’t explain how she got here, but now she was trying to travel backwards.
 It said you should surround yourself with objects from the period you wanted to go to and eliminate any evidence of the present and then think about a scene from the period.
 That was pretty much what she’d been doing .
 .
 .

 just going to the bank because she didn’t know anything about the future. That was the thing
-
The thrasher yelped and jumped off Seth and ran toward Emily.
 She smiled wickedly and held both hands out, pelting the creature with fire.
 I pulled Seth up in time to see the Thrasher buried entangled by roots shooting from the dirt.
 Jason threw a knife in the pile to make sure it was really dead.
 “You okay?” I asked Seth, and congratulated Emily on her new found talent.
 “I’m fine.” He said and limped over.
 I gasped and pointed to his leg.
 “Seth, you’re bleeding blue!” He just blinked at him, glancing down at his leg.
 He didn’t answer as he tugged at me to start walking back towards where we had last seen ‘ourselves’.
 We could still see our bodies sleeping peacefully, but this time I noticed that we were all faintly glowing blue.

 “Jenna?” I called out screaming against the smell of blood. I doubled over and slid to
-
"Nope," I said.
 "If we wait, we probably won't go."
 Cliff was more sensible.
 He said my mom could be right.
 I didn't relent until after his mom lectured us in practically the same words.
 Whatever the meaning of Eric’s death, it might've been losing him that convinced me to give up on Karen Flagstad.
 Anymore, the whole idea of having a best friend spooked me.
 Better to keep my secret life to myself and guard my heart than to trust somebody I was almost sure to lose---because that was how life worked---and mourn over.
 But then, in that way life has of confusing every issue, Karen invited me to be her graduation partner, which meant only walking side-by-side in a procession.
 Still I invited her to the prom.

 with Katie Griffin Dave Card and you are in the 15... US... U.
-
“You’re right; we are not going to the Northern Kingdoms.
 A few companions and I were hiding out in the Aridas and in one of the higher hollows I found an old farmhouse.
 It has been abandoned for a long time, but it is well made and there is water and lots of fruit trees and berry bushes that must be left over from an old orchard.” After a moment he added, “I always thought that if I ever needed a place to hide out that it was ideal.
 Of course it will be rough there.
 Outside of what we bring, there will not be much.
 But it will be a good place to rest and…” he said gently patting his stomach, “heal up.
 We should be there by nightfall.” “Not bad,” said Imeralda.
 “Sounds like a place that will be hard to find, but is this not territory infested with wild Dire beast?” “Yup,” Rodregas said, “another reason I think this area is usually hard to find; most people stay clear.” He continued after a pause to let them think of entering territory known to be the hunting range of feared predators, “I never saw any sign of any Dire beast in the hollows when I was there, but, of course, they probably know of the place.
 Still, I would rather handle a pack of Hellhounds than The Immortal Guards.” Neither looked pleased at his logic, but both nodded.
 A few hours later it was starting to get dark as Rodregas recognized the spot and turned the wagon left for the final hard assent.

 both into their minds as Rodregas watched the empty land for the first time.”<eop><eod>
-
"You're crying!
 What's wrong?"
 "Nothing new.
 I-I'm frightened, Rick."
 He gazed down into those huge, shimmering hazel eyes and felt his heart melt.
 "It'll be all right, sweetheart."
 He sat down on the edge of the bed and drew her into his arms.
 "We'll get you back home.
 And until we do, I'll take care of you.
 I promise."

 have to be careful, Luc."<eop> "No, Luc." They sat back in
-
It had much the same effect now.
 "This isn't like me?
 To stand up for myself when I find out who my real friends are?
 Please, you don't even know me, and apparently I don't know you."
 Rachel shook her head in denial.
 "No, this isn't you.
 Is Brandon putting you up to this?
 He isn't what you think, you really shouldn't trust him."
 Now she'd gone too far.
 "Brandon didn't put me up to anything.

 , after all."<eop> Rachel looked over at Serena, who wreathed a golden azure
-
“What do we do?
 Seth, do you any ideas?” She frowned when he didn’t answer.
 “Seth?” Emily spun in a circle but Seth was nowhere to be found.
 Seth walked out from behind a tree.
 But he was normal Seth.
 He had his dirty blonde hair back and was wearing his dirty jeans and shirt from school.
 No dark red hair, no glimmering sword, no bleeding wound.
 His warrior self was nowhere to be seen.
 “Seth how’d you do that?” I asked.
 He whirled around.

 lookin for Seth.<eop> She longed to see him in her morning dresses. He wouldn’
-
They nodded and I was surprised the small gesture also seemed in step.
 A strange whine emanated from one of the dogs as they shifted to sit on their haunches.
 By their size, I might have guessed they were wolves, but I’d never known a wolf to be tamed.
 Their fur matched the robes of their masters, down to the black trim.
 I couldn’t be certain in the light, but I thought there was even some silver showing.
 Surely they would be less frightening in the light of day.
 Ruby broke the tense atmosphere with a curtsey.
 “And Ruby Summit.” I attempted a smile for her, not missing the silent exchange between Steed and Chevelle.
 They were trying to decide what to do with me.
 “Since you’re apparently not ready to retire for the evening, I suppose we will resume your training,” Chevelle said.

 and over. She was clearly prepared for her next assignment. “Right this morning, I learned about
-
You really need your sleep.
 The whole purpose of this little exercise is to convince your mom you've been safely home this entire time.
 If you crash later in the day, she's going to know you didn't sleep tonight."
 "Maybe if you stayed with me it would help me sleep."
 I almost couldn't believe those words were really coming out of my mouth.
 I wanted to blame it on how close he was standing, or how tired I was, or anything else that might be remotely believable, but based on how serious his face had just become, it was too late to take it all back.
 "That doesn't strike me as being a much better solution."
 I felt my neck and face begin to burn from embarrassment.
 I took a step back, and reached for the door, hoping to beat a quick retreat before I could humiliate myself further, but he stopped me with a surprisingly gentle hand.
 "I'm sorry; that didn't come out as intended.

 careful to not hurt yourself or anything that might hit you. You don't want to be unsafe
-
Marie closed her eyes, drawing strength from Rick.
 She just hoped he was right.
 And she hoped it would happen soon.
 After Rick had left for work, Marie walked on the treadmill for nearly 45 minutes and then made herself a cup of tea.
 Rested, she opened the box containing the exercise movie Rick had gotten her and with delight put it into the BCR.
 No--VCR, she corrected herself.
 She got so involved in the exercises and then exploring the house that she'd only watched one of the movies--"Gone with the Wind," which made her laugh sometimes and cry sometimes and held her spellbound the entire time--by 5:30, when Rick got home from work.
 “Would you like me to get you some more movies for tomorrow?” Rick asked Marie as they prepared dinner together.
 “I still have that other one to watch.
 ‘Casablanca.’”  She handed him the green peppers she’d just chopped.

 grown up, but they still looked gorgeous in the refrigerator.<eop><eod> Luke sits in his bed,
-
“Don’t flatter me,” Aurelia said, refastening one of her braids that had come loose.
 “You’re still going too easy.”
 “If I move too fast you won’t learn anything,” Harruq insisted.
 “How do you know?” she asked.
 “Do you train elves often?”
 The half-orc grinned.
 “All the time.
 I’m known for it, in fact.
 Harruq Tun, trainer of elves, slayer of dragons, and man of the ladies.”
 “Please.” She rolled her eyes.

 to Hitub to learn from Harruq Tun. And that would be whenever starting a new romance
-
“I have never felt more honored.”
 Velixar placed a hand atop Qurrah’s head and accepted the tears he knew the half-orc tried to hide.
 He had long thought the weaker emotions fled from his soul, but that night he felt an overwhelming sense of pride.
 “Harruq,” Velixar said, his normally unshakable voice faltering.
 “Escort your brother home.
 Protect him, even unto death.
 He will usher in a new age to this world.
 Of this I have no doubt.” He shouted an order to Qurrah’s undead.
 The eight obeyed, marching out of town to join the rest of Velixar’s army.
 “I will take control now,” he said to his disciple.

 ood a prayer, his hands seemingly empty. His body was near the door of a massive armory
-
I winced as a second branch, this one young and green and more like a lash, struck me from behind.
 A fierce growl escaped me and I took off, running at full speed in the direction my horse had gone.
 By midday, I was completely spent.
 I had eventually caught my horse, but the training hadn’t let up.
 I was too exhausted for any anger to remain, but I had the sneaking suspicion Chevelle was enjoying my “lessons.” We stopped by a patch of snow that had gathered in a rock basin, warming it to water for the horses.
 Chevelle jumped down from his horse as I melted off the side of mine and onto a rock, my limbs like molasses.
 He came to sit across from me and I flinched, expecting another attack.
 He smiled.
 “Well, at least you’re anticipating assault.” I didn’t have the energy for casual banter, but I did manage to glare at him.
 He pointed northeast.

 , suddenly scared of my horse and it dashed off. I cheered him on by blessing his currently pale
-
Alec took my hand.
 "Are you okay?"
 I shook my head.
 "This is going to be really bad, isn't it?"
 His silence validated my belief, probably even more than he realized.
 "I'd...we'd...spare you it if we could."
 It was my turn to shake my head.
 "No, this is my fault.
 I belong here, not cowering in a corner somewhere."
 Rachel hugged me from one side while Dominic placed a gentle, dark hand on my other shoulder, and then we were off.

 , I could get my hooters up and man the Car! Now do it in a proud
-
“You and her go swimming?” Qurrah asked him.
 “Shut up,” was all he said.
 Qurrah laughed.
 The pit in his stomach suddenly didn’t seem so awful.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Aurelia!” Dieredon screamed to the wilderness.
 Birds whistled, but no elven voice spoke back.
 “Aurelia!” he shouted again, wincing at the pain in his chest.
 After arriving in town, he had found one of his stashed healing potions and downed it.

 illness could blind another to other illnesses. Like Jerah, dieredon always drank the pot once
-
“The human army is right outside the town,” Harruq grumbled.
 “We can’t wait until tomorrow night.”
 “Patience, brother,” Qurrah said.
 “Just…‌patience.”
 Another hour, and still no shadow.
 Harruq stepped back inside and plopped down.
 The other half-orc remained at the door, his eyes not leaving the gray outside.
 “He’s not sending for us,” Harruq said.
 “You are correct,” said Velixar’s voice, startling both of them.
 They turned to see their master emerge from the shadows of their home, his red eyes gleaming.

 wanted to jump out of his bed on the red velvet bed was here now. The bloody vampire demanded
-
"Adri...ana, why didn't you tell me?"
 I didn't answer for several seconds, not sure I'd actually heard her right.
 "Tell you what?"
 "Fine, play coy.
 I just think you should know it's pretty lame for me to find all that stuff out second hand.
 We're best friends; you should totally have trusted me enough to tell me."
 Apparently I'd only thought the anger was under control.
 It frothed beneath the surface right now, anxious for a reason to bite someone's head off, and Britney was the preferred target.
 Only I needed her.
 Not enough to completely dismiss what had happened though.

 I wasn't making up any story about her birds, now that they were in the air,
-
Seth’s head blocked out my vision.
 “Hey, you alright?” I sat up and Seth helped me up.
 I rubbed my sore back and looked around, taking in the dead looking trees and shadows.
 “Where are we?” “I don’t know, Jazell.
 The creature must have been a setup to bring us here,” he replied.
 “I think I know who did it.” “It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure that out, Seth,” I pointed out.
 I looked around.
 “Where are the others?” Seth went pale.
 “I don’t know Jazell, they aren’t here.
 They’re just gone.” My stomach twisted into a knot.

 and Seth, Chaz and Cai are not here?” I asked as I laid down on my back
-
Rachel took violin lessons for more than a year.
 I think she wanted to be able to play with mother.
 That was when she begged me to wire the house for sound.
 Donovan and I spent two weeks setting up mics in Mom's studio, and then another couple of weeks running sound into every other room of the house.
 She kept insisting it was so she could monitor Mother on the rare occasions when nobody else was home, but I used to hear her trying to play along to 'Courtship'."
 The trace of a smile on Alec's face lulled me into a false sense of security.
 "She doesn't play now though.
 I've been into her room, and there's no violin there."
 "No, she doesn't play anymore.
 She stopped playing shortly after Mom finished up the piece you just heard."

 "Never before have wages argued again!!!"<eop> Alec groaned. "I should be back and
-
He opened his mouth to tell her that she might not even be able to get back, since she'd been unsuccessful so far.
 But that would just hurt her more.
 Still, the thought calmed his own turbulent feelings.
 When her tears were exhausted, Marie rested quietly in Rick's arms.
 If they had been in 1927, everything would be different.
 Rick was so much warmer, so much more thoughtful and loving and fun than Davis.
 She would never have given Davis a second glance if she'd known Rick in 1927.
 At last she sat up.
 "I need to go wash my face."
 "Wait."

 have turned away when Rick took her from the brush, been there the whole time.<eop> "
-
I didn't get much sleep last night.
 But I'd rather talk."
 "All right."
 Arm in arm they returned to the living room and sat on the sofa.
 "Can you tell me anything about what happened, darling?
 If you were hurt or starved?"
 Marie sighed, wishing she could tell her mother everything.
 But she'd think that Marie had been so traumatized that she'd lost her grip on reality.
 "I wasn't hurt or starved.
 In fact, I was treated very well."

 Of course I was treated very well." She nodded once. "Yes, or yeah.
-
As the first round of contestants lined up behind the rope to shoot, Rodregas watched the technique of the better archers and mentally went through Imeralda’s advice.
 She was all about breathing; she claimed that keeping your eyes where you wanted the arrow to go and releasing the string at two-thirds of the way through your exhale was the best way to hit your target.
 Rodregas became nervous as he waited.
 He was very impressed by the quality of the archery on display.
 Clearly everyone knew what they were about.
 He ended up being behind a tall young man.
 Rodregas almost thought he might have some AElf blood.
 It also looked like he might have a broken nose from the previous day’s competition.
 The young man did very well, hitting all five targets.
 His shot on the moving target only nicked the edge, still impressive.

 was moved to his third round of events. Freid died due to a natural cause at age 84
-
"Fine.
 I read and napped, watched a little TV.
 I'm all rested up."
 Ted dropped into the chair in front of Rick's desk.
 "What are you talking about?
 Sharon told Lauri that you guys went out."
 "We did."
 "Then what's all this business about resting?
 I want to hear about you and Sharon."
 "She's a nice girl.

 "See you around Christmas." Ted made his way over to a place where they eating their
-
Time distorted so that days passed as that scream lingered.
 His face paled, his mouth foamed, and then he died, screaming, still screaming._
 _The vision ended.
 Velixar opened his eyes._
 “What is it that I saw?” he asked.
 “The second time I ever killed,” Qurrah said.
 “I watched that wretched bully succumb to madness from the disease carried by an undead rat.
 He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”
 The man in black nodded, going over the memory in his mind.
 “Could be darker, though,” he said.

 attacker pulled a sheet from cover nearby. Cast the focus to underside, switching second/first to
-
You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 When it’s time to go to bed And yucky thoughts are in my head, I quickly start to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 When I wake up in the night And I don’t feel all right, I quickly begin to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.

 look up and I do something. I “die up to sleep and try” to cry. Until
-
Jim – Where’s your sense of humor?
 It ain’t healthy not to laugh from time to time.
 Johnny – Who says?
 Jim – The ancient Mayans.
 Johnny – The ancient Mayans say it’s un-healthy to laugh?
 Jim – Yeah, they did a lot of study on it.
 Johnny – Why haven’t I ever heard of that before?
 Jim – Uh well, our scientists have finally started to decode their language.
 Johnny – They’ve just decoded the Mayan language?
 Jim – Yep.

 I ever heard of that shit before? Jim – And they’ve finally started to decode their
-
Jim – Tell that to millions of Japanese people.
 Art – You see that is completely cultural.
 In our county it is considered unusual to enjoy watching two very fat men in loincloths grapple with one another.
 Jim – I am not unusual.
 Art - On to more important matters.
 Jim, this is Karen.
 Karen here’s my oldest son Jim.
 Karen – Hi.
 (They shake hands)
 Jim – Good to finally meet you.

 Jim – DI SADD – Of course we can be friends. I will make good as
-
“Always.” “Yes, well, at least as long as he’s yours.” He patted the horse.
 “Mine?” He smiled and swung onto his horse, nodding farewell as he spun and galloped east.
 My horse knelt and Chevelle offered his hand to help me get seated.
 My grin widened as he mounted his horse and he looked back at me questioningly.
 “I’ll name him Steed,” I announced proudly.
 Chevelle pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head as I patted the horse’s neck once more.
 Chapter Eight Mountains
 We rode through the morning hours.
 Chevelle seemed content not to talk, but I was wound up in anguish, trying to decide whether I was brave enough to ask him questions.
 I had no idea how much he would put up with before he called it all off and hauled me back to the village for sentencing.

 be so afraid on his face in a tense standoff of late? But how sin has now become chief
-
"Would you prefer things to take that course?"
 It took me several heartbeats to understand what he was getting at, long seconds in which his face grew increasingly remote.
 "No, how could you think that?
 Why would I possibly want to have you vanish when I've just now finally found out it's you who's been watching over my mom and me since we got here?"
 Alec looked away for a moment, and then stood up and walked over to the window.
 "It would be for the best, you know.
 I could arrange for you both to leave the state, and never have to come back to Sanctuary again.
 You'd be safer."
 I felt my mouth drop open as his words hit me with almost physical force.
 I wanted to turn and run away, but the quasi-dream from the night before was just barely vivid enough to keep me in the room.

 into the light, briefly slowly turning and punching his phone.<eop> *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
"So you don't need to sleep.
 What do you do with all the rest of your time?"
 Alec was close enough now that I could see his smile.
 It reached out and wrapped itself around me like a warm blanket.
 "Well, I do spend a fairly significant amount of time each day sitting in class.
 Kind of like someone else I know."
 "Unacceptable.
 I've added that up in my head, and you've still got several hours each day that you haven't accounted for."
 Despite my best efforts, I was mumbling so badly I wasn't sure anything I'd said was comprehensible.
 Somewhere in there I'd closed my eyes, so I felt a sluggish, tired kind of surprise when he gently brushed his fingers across the side of my face.

 just "Puh." "Ow." I laughed at him." "
-
.
 I know!
 Show me how to use the blacklight!"
 He screwed it into a lamp in the living room.
 When he turned it on, she clapped her hands.
 "It's beautiful!"
 He laughed.
 "I'm going to go make dinner while you amuse yourself."
 "Don't use the microwave without me!"
 After dinner they spent the evening watching TV.

 I hear you're making dinner for yourself," he said. "I can't
-
I found myself questioning whether it were a disguise, and then I chastised myself for wandering around in ridiculous thoughts so often.
 They were watching me.
 Cursed brain fog.
 I stood there for a moment, unsure if I should leave the room after I had so obviously interrupted or pretend I had a mission and make my way to Ruby’s room.
 I clearly wasn’t welcome there.
 Neither spoke, so I lowered my gaze to the floor, taking the shortest route to Ruby’s door and closing it hastily behind me.
 Chevelle spoke to his guest and I groaned internally, wishing I’d heard their low voices earlier.
 Asher, as Chevelle had called the man, was apparently leaving.
 It sounded as if Chevelle was trying to persuade him in some way, but the man was short and cold in his responses.
 Quiet, too.

 “This is your guest,” the man said breathlessly.<eop> I shifted my gaze to the staircase
-
Footsteps echoed from the first floor.
 One person, he guessed, most likely an elf judging by the design of the building.
 Qurrah stood and readied his whip.
 He would not cower in hiding.
 This was his home now.
 He would defend it.
 “You are not safe here,” Qurrah whispered.
 “For if you are safe, then I am not.”
 He crept down the stairs, the whip coiled and ready to burst into flame.
 Before the circular front window stood an elf, one hand on the glass, the other holding a bow.

 a Ur, Qurrah thought. The king of Nua Ur was here to inform him. The
-
He felt her slender fingers stroking his neck, and remembering how she'd run her hands over his chest yesterday evening, he wished he'd taken off his shirt.
 Marie sighed into Rick's mouth.
 This was better than any fantasy.
 Rick was .
 .
 .
 his kiss .
 .
 .
 Her eyes flew open when she felt the tip of his tongue graze her lips.

 need to feel what he was doing. Wrong. Swallowing hard, Marie began to rock
-
_The vision ended.
 Velixar opened his eyes._
 “What is it that I saw?” he asked.
 “The second time I ever killed,” Qurrah said.
 “I watched that wretched bully succumb to madness from the disease carried by an undead rat.
 He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”
 The man in black nodded, going over the memory in his mind.
 “Could be darker, though,” he said.
 “You need not use memories, but they are easier to project.
 Any thought can be sent to those who slumber.

 the ghosts are, I don’t know.” What"This could be the memory of
-
Something was covering my eyes.
 I struggled yet again but my body felt like lead—heavy, useless.
 Darkness enveloped me and I was underwater, struggling to reach the surface, desperate for air.
 “Frey.” A husky voice woke me.
 It must have been early dawn.
 The faint light revealed worry on Chevelle’s face as he stood over me.
 A look of fear and sympathy.
 The memory smashed into my chest like a thousand-pound ram, stealing my breath.
 “You,” I hissed.
 He backed away as I sat up and glared at him with fire in my eyes.

 it turn this out, Vin that gets so good looks at you.” Chevelle asked. I
-
Whatever the reason, I took a step in her direction while still looking away, my bottle half raised, and ran into the biggest junior I'd ever seen.
 My clumsiness would've been embarrassing enough all by itself.
 Unfortunately my mostly-full bottle of water splashed all over both of us.
 I felt my cheeks go hot.
 Britney gasped and giggled.
 I silently told myself things were as bad as they were going to get.
 I was wrong.
 The boy wasn't as cute as Alec, but he was so close I could hear those cosmic scales being melted down into something useless again.
 Paperweights maybe.
 I didn't want to see the mess my water had made of his shirt, so I started at the top and worked my way down.

 dging, "Alright". Digi dude. This guy had something to do with "D
-
“I don’t know, ambush them back?” “They might see that coming,” she pointed out, “and it’s really obvious.” “Well, they think we won’t do that because that is exactly what they would be expecting, so by actually doing it, we can trick them,” I rambled on and grabbed another strawberry.
 Emily tapped her lip with her pencil and straightened her pink pajamas.
 “I have no clue what you just said Jazell.” I laughed, “What I meant was that we should ambush them.
 Give them a piece of what they did to us.” Emily’s eyes lit up, “You mean use water guns…” “And water balloons…” I added.
 “And a trebuchet to launch the balloons!” Emily scribbled furiously on her paper.
 “I can build one easily.” “Sweet, but when do we do it?
 All four of us hang out every day.” “I can solve that problem.
 We just tell them we want a day to do girl things and they’ll butt right out,” she slid onto the floor and snatched a strawberry.
 I grinned, “This is going to be some fun revenge!” “You can say that again.” “Okay,” I said, “this is going to be some fun revenge.” She wacked me in the head with my pillow, “You’re so weird.” “Well that’s the way I am, deal with it,” I wacked her back with my own pillow.
 “No I will not deal with it,” she walloped me in the head one more time.

 literally turned a circle around my co-workers while she ushered me to the bathroom. “You must
-
Her innocence combined with her confession was a powerful aphrodisiac.
 She was so trusting and yet so passionate, her mouth as hungry as his, her hands caressing and clutching and clawing at his chest and shoulders and neck.
 Hadn't she understood a word he'd said?
 Rick let the embrace go on for as long as he could.
 Then he ended it abruptly, setting her on the sofa and holding himself away from her.
 "Rick," she gasped, reaching for him.
 "No.
 No, no, no," he groaned, refusing to let her put her arms around him or kiss him.
 "I want more, Rick.
 Please kiss me again."

 her hips and arched her back, him holding her on the sofa and her face staring up at the
-
That was why he’d become my watcher.
 He gave a curt nod at my reaction, his head still dipped as he walked away.
 I wanted to speak but the words choked me.
 I wrapped myself tighter into the cloak as Chevelle constructed a hasty shelter.
 I was his responsibility, but surely he loathed me.
 How could he not?
 I thought back to the scenarios I had envisioned after the memories of my mother being killed came back to me… what I would do to those men if I were to ever find them.
 Now I remembered the truth.
 They were saving the North.
 I couldn’t say I didn’t still want revenge though.

 sat still in my cloak, the dark looking Coat still on the table? I couldn’t have
-
Seconds later Jason walked through the trees, rubbing his face.
 Seth grinned at all of us; we were back.
 That’s how it all started.
 I don’t know how we got the gift to become these different people, but we did.
 That’s the mystery and hopefully we’ll solve it one day.
 We were chosen for some unknown reason, but that reason doesn’t matter.
 All that matters is that we protect this town.
 Jason’s eyes flashed.
 I stood up and leaned over to him.
 “What Jason?” “Monsters, a whole bunch of them.

 love to see them so well and how precautions inserted with friends or with families are certain to bring them
-
My pounding heart seemed loud enough to hear from across the street.
 I opened my eyes, afraid he could somehow hear the overworked muscle, already flushing red with embarrassment, only to find a gentle smile waiting for me.
 If there was any insincerity to the expression, I was utterly unable to detect it.
 I cleared my throat, seeking to avoid the awkwardness that always followed these kinds of moments, but Brandon effortlessly defused all of that by opening my door and helping me into the car.
 "I'm sorry I wasn't around yesterday.
 Some things came up that demanded my attention."
 The music was lower than usual, a possible sign he wanted to talk?
 "Did you manage to resolve them successfully?"
 Again that incredible smile flashed across his face.
 "They were touch and go for a little bit, but I'm most pleased with how everything worked out."

 Then I looked back at him and wondered what had wrong with me.<eop> I stood up again,
-
“I’ll come for you tomorrow.
 Say 6:30.
 You’ll be waiting out front.
 Right?” “Right.” We stopped at the door to the lobby, looked back and saw Johnny’s convertible turn the corner.
 Then we hoisted our suitcases and double-timed up the road.
 We stayed at the cheapest motel, about a half-mile north.
 In the morning we hitchhiked to Fort Lauderdale.
 This was during college spring break, a sad time to be in that town if you were eighteen, on a peanut butter budget, and didn’t belong to a fraternity.
 The girls were taken.
 The parties were private, the bars off limits to minors.

 was the worst for me. I had planned this very well, well what if it was an adult
-
It must not have occurred to him that his senior sergeant, who had burned in the end, might now inhabit the body.
 The AElf maiden twisted her body against the guards and tried to meet Rodregas’ eyes and he realized that only she had the magical background to have realized what had happened.
 “Just two things, sir,” said Captain Poir in a hesitant voice.
 “Yes?” he asked trying to act calm and in control.
 “We might lose some guards and probably some of the kitchen drudges if they have money in hand and a whole week off, also we leave ourselves open for theft if we don’t keep at least a minimum of guards at the front gate.” Rodregas relaxed at the mundane nature of the questions.
 “True, but I will not stint in thanking the gods for a favorable ceremony.
 Keep a few guards at the gate, but only the minimum needed.
 But that does remind me.
 Release any remaining prisoners and make sure they are fed and clothed, and allow them to make their way back to their homes.” “That has some danger to it,” said Captain Poir hurriedly, his expression returning to a look of concern.
 “True,” he replied.

 ’ will however if the doors to the front gate are shut briefly. “Don’t worry it
-
“We have sparred our two weeks, Harruq,” she said.
 “You have no need to come here.”
 “Yeah, well, you heard what I said yesterday,” Harruq said, his face red.
 “What was that?”
 He kicked a rock.
 “It’s better to spar with another, remember?”
 Aurelia frowned.
 “You know I am a sorceress.
 My time should be spent studying my craft.
 I only wanted to be proficient with my staff, not a master.”

 who knew of Harruq. “With my staff’s level, I could barely Tess”
-
She felt pleasantly lightheaded, but she didn't want to get drunk.
 They left at 11:30 as Marie had promised, and Tom was relieved that no one was awake at her house.
 Uncle Jefferson was extremely protective of her, trusting her only with Tom himself and with Davis Runyon, her beau.
 Tom didn't much trust Davis.
 He might not take her to a disreputable place like tonight's speakeasy, but Tom thought that Davis was a cold opportunist who saw Marie as part of a package deal--a high position in a successful company, a powerful father-in-law, a rich society wife.
 Tom could barely stand to be in the same room with him.
 An only child, he'd always considered Marie more a sister than a cousin.
 He'd adored her all his life, and that made it virtually impossible for him to refuse her anything--like an evening at a speakeasy.
 But it also made him very protective of her.
 Marie fell asleep that night dreaming of Davis.

 't exactly find that sleeping ease in any of this insane, and it surprised Tom that it was
-
I tried so hard this morning.
 I don’t know what else I can do.” He was quiet for a moment.
 “Did you ever walk in your garden before that morning you walked into my garden?” “Of course.
 I love to walk in the garden.” “So that one morning, there was just a-a door or something.
 All the other mornings there wasn’t.
 So just because you tried hard this morning, that doesn’t mean that trying hard tomorrow or the next day or the next won’t work.” She smiled.
 “That’s true.” “So you’ll keep trying.” “Yes.” “Now I’m sad.”  He met her eyes and then looked away.
 “I’m sorry.”  She hugged him, laying her head on his shoulder.
 “I just wish I could make you happy.” “You do.”  She raised her head to look at him.
 “You do make me happy, Rick.

 always have dreamed of you. Maybe I want to be your friend. Maybe I cannot reach out enough
-
When Dieredon had first come to her, she had expected little difficulty in the task.
 “They are new to the town, and when they came so did the murders,” he had said.
 “Meet with one of them, discover who they are.
 If they are the vagrant scum they appear to be, it will be easy enough to catch them in their crime.
 The humans can then deal their judgment with a rope.”
 It seemed perverse that she had met Harruq by saving him from the fate she was supposed to doom him to.
 Still, Aurelia was not one to judge by appearances, and what she had seen that night had seared her heart.
 Two soldiers beating Harruq bloody without cause or reason, Harruq who was so kind to her when they sparred, who brought her flowers and told her stories, who looked upon her like she was a goddess of light in his dreary world…
 Harruq drew his sword.
 It shook in his hand.

 a moment, she lifted her head and furrowed her brow, watching he dove to
-
No industrial country can claim that it systematically exploits all the potential benefits of the strategies in this list.
 This should be the highest priority of every Western government today.
 1.Promote small businesses: All the publicity given to the impact of down-sizing by major corporations has obscured the fact that the top 500 US firms employ less than five per cent of the US workforce.
 It is also the smaller firms that are responsible for job growth.
 Businesses employing fewer than 20 workers presently account for 57 per cent of new job creation in Europe.
 Based upon the successful examples of many developing countries that have stimulated growth in this sector, there is vast scope for expanding services to support new enterprises through better access to management and employee training courses, credit and R & D facilities; by testing and certification for those who want to start businesses; and by estab lishing business incubators to provide work space and shared services as well as technical, financial and marketing expertise to start-up companies.
 2.Reduce business failures: New businesses create most of the jobs, but they destroy most of them too, by going out of business.
 The failure rate of new businesses is extremely high in most industrial nations.
 In Italy, roughly 50 per cent fail in the first year.
 Of the more than 600,000 new business start-ups in the United States each year, 40 per cent close within 12 months, 80 per cent within five years, and 80 per cent of the remainder in the subsequent five years.

 the rest in five years is likely to be two-- about half the 20 per cent vacancy rate
-
Alec calmly captured my wildly gesturing hands, immobilizing them with a casual strength that made me feel like a child.
 "Please don't do that."
 He continued on before I could open my mouth.
 "The fact you didn't date until recently doesn't mean you're some kind of nerd.
 Even if it did, that wouldn't matter to me.
 Also, other girls who may or may not find me attractive are irrelevant.
 I don't want them, I want you."
 Even I could tell that I wasn't doing a very good job pretending I believed him.
 Alec recaptured one of my hands in his, and then leaned back, lazily exuding confidence.
 "It's okay that you don't believe me yet, I'm equal to the challenge of convincing you."

 "But I don't think I can it." He grinned at me to prove to
-
"What kind of picture?"
 "What kind are playing?
 I like romances more than anything."
 "Oh--you mean a movie.
 Let me think."
 He didn't have a big collection of movies, and he didn't think it would be a good idea to take her out to rent one right now.
 "Why don't we see what's on television?"
 "The box?"
 "Yes."
 "Don't you watch talkies on it?"

 that throw herself out like a dick," he said.<eop> "All that.
-
I mean I was in high school.
 I think that’s when I started leaving Memphis.
 In a way.
 That’s when I got kind of a big head and dreamt of things beyond.
 I certainly had left Central High School, left my friends, my girlfriends.
 Even before we cut the album.
 Tennessee planted that seed, man.
 I mean, I loved the guy, but I saw where he was, where he’d always been, how he’d been treated like a second class citizen his whole life—I mean, we couldn’t even go into some restaurants together, still, at that late date.
 And, metaphorically, I started packing my bags.
 CM: 	Yet you stayed in school, didn’t you?

 , from a moral sense, I could have been kicked out of the other area. If I’
-
I sat up and my back cried out in protest.
 I pushed myself into sitting position and crawled over to Seth.
 He had his arms behind his head and was staring at the sky.
 He smiled at me when he saw me.
 “You okay?
 You freaked out before,” he asked, his voice full of concern.
 I nodded and answered shakily, “You know that I hate falling.
 You must have been scared too.” He hesitated.
 “Yes, I was, but I think I was more concerned that you would wake the dead with your screams and they would attack us too.” I smacked him lightly on the arm and laid down next to him.
 I stared at the sky.

 -- I was alright.<eop><eod> Kessler ( Art Opus Night Edition : Hulk Hulk
-
CM: 	“Train Tracks and Other Tracks.”
 BG:  	We’ve done this one.
 Let’s skip ahead.
 I don’t want to do the drug talk again.
 I’m clean, that’s all we need to know right now.
 CM: 	“Aphids on the Heliotrope.”
 BG:  	That was for Lor’s mom.
 She’s a big gardener, got this incredible spread of flowers in her back yard.
 She’s taught me a lot about simple pleasures, flowers, feathers, sun.
 She’s practically a Native American shaman—she, oh, never mind….

 of nectar, and its poly-synthetic structure extends to a variety of other toxins.
-
A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.
 I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
 "Please, Adriana.
 It really isn't any trouble.
 James, can you get your car, please?"
 He looked angry.
 Like maybe he was going to argue, but as he opened his mouth Rachel turned and glared at him.
 It seemed odd to see someone only a little smaller than Alec back away from someone even smaller than me.
 The image stuck with me so strongly that I considered it until Rachel came over and took my hand.

 driving the car, I thought. It seemed odd to see Alec back away from someone even smaller than
-
As always, it was already heating up despite the sun having only barely cleared the mountains.
 It did seem like it wasn't quite as hot though.
 Maybe it was getting late enough in the year to bring the temperatures down slightly.
 It was too much to hope it would actually drop to the low seventies, even when December came around.
 I made it down the lane and then started worrying.
 It was like I couldn't win.
 If Britney drove all the way out here and I was already gone because I'd taken the bus, she was going to be really mad.
 On the other hand, if she didn't show, I had no other way to get to school, and Mom would freak out.
 Part of the reason she felt like she could be gone so much ever since the accident was the fact that I always did the responsible thing.
 If she started thinking I was cutting class, she was going be furious.

 guarantee that I'd work so hard just to keep going, and to get to school on time
-
"Don't you have to crank it up?"
 she asked when he got in without doing so.
 "No."
 He turned the key, put the car in reverse, and backed out of the garage.
 She gave him directions, trying not to notice how different all the houses in the neighborhood looked.
 "There--over there!
 That's my house!"
 She jumped out before he could stop completely and ran up to the front door.
 Rick dashed after her, grabbing her arm before she could open the door.
 "We'd better knock."

 "But we have a gun here!" She said, trying not to notice how different everything on
-
“Achoo!” “Choo!” “Hachoo!” My ears popped as I burst out with laughter.
 Evelyn began to run toward town and I couldn’t stifle it, despite the fact that it was absurd something as insignificant as a sneeze would give me such pleasure.
 I wondered briefly how I’d delight in a choking fit and then tugged the lobe of my ear as it popped again.
 Apparently I wasn’t used to laughing.
 I strode off toward home, taking the long route despite my good humor.
 As I approached the old tree, its twisted and gnarled limbs reaching into a cloudless gray sky, I caught sight of an aged elf leaving.
 My stomach dropped; it was a Council member.
 Tassels hung around his neck depicting lines and accomplishments: sky blue for receiving the calling, deep crimson for service to the guard.
 His chest bore a personalized crest, an oak leaf on an unbroken shield of gold and acorn brown.
 I watched from the trees as a rainbow of a half dozen tassels fluttered behind him where he rushed down the path toward the village.

 s kept his eyes on me, understanding my surprise. There was a chants from the Council
-
She continued, “Look, I am partly being selfish.
 Once I have sufficient control, they cannot steal my magic.
 So, while I don’t disagree that it would be a good idea for me to practice some fighting skills, I also think we should all think of practicing magic.” She paused and said in a flat tone that highlighted her seriousness, “The Immortal Guards are made of sigil warriors who have sacrificed their ability to cast magic spells for one or more permanent enhancements.
 This makes them powerful warriors, but also limits their magic to the one or two sigil abilities.
 We need some sort of counter to this advantage.
 If we practice our magic every day, we should make a little progress even without any teachers or books.” She finished with an upturned eyebrow.
 She seemed to think that Rodregas was going to challenge her statement, and argue that they should just focus on the martial training.
 However, Rodregas had been a squire of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, one of the few orders that required magical learning of all its members and one of the few groups that knew the secrets of Sigil Searing, the permanent inscription of sigils onto one’s magic.
 Unfortunately, the secret of sigil magic was given only to those who made knighthood.
 Still, one had to learn enough magic to make the inscribing possible and that early training he had.

 , he struggled to choose between looking at her and gaining near certainty.<eop><eod> It was very eerie
-
Why would they hold you for two years?” Doi’van nodded but then shook his head.
 “Trust me, I would like to know that answer more then you.” Doi’van’s smile was now long gone and with a shrug of his huge misshaped shoulders, he changed the subject.
 “So, Imeralda, the stone here still seems strong and like new, though clearly, it has been long after the construction of this place.” She was looking at Doi’van strangely and it seemed to take her a moment to shift gears and answer his question.
 “Yes…of course construction like this…stone enchanted to absorb the power…it makes the stone stronger with that power.
 Stones formed like this will last as long as the ley line does not move, which happens only rarely and over centuries.
 What is strange is this is not a farm designed by Nymphs.
 The design of the home and barn is clearly human, yet it would be strange for a simple farmer to be able to afford to have his building built of Nymph stone and way up here in this remote place,” She said.
 “Sir Paladin,” Doi’van asked, “You said you traveled here the first time with friends.
 Might they tell folks of this place?” “No,” Rodregas answered, “they were not exactly friends, and they both died long ago.
 Plus, they had no magic and did not even realize this place was on a ley line, and I never told them.

 now,” she answered.<eop> Doi’van looked around the loch as he kept his
-
It’s home.
 Mom used to hate it.
 But it was
 Johnny – It drove her nuts that you would spend so much time reading “that filth”.
 Jim – Mom didn’t need much to get her going.
 Johnny – No she didn’t.
 Jim – No.
 Johnny – (after a pause) Jim?
 Jim – Yeah?
 Johnny – What do you think happened to her?

 Dad ever did love to read filth? Mom – Yeah. Johnny – Dad
-
Richard Brautigan
 Rock & roll is only rock & roll if it’s not safe.
 Mick Jagger
 Nobody influenced us more than Buddy Gardner.
 Chuck Kom, of Jism
 DAY ONE
 Creole Myers: 		Would you take it all back?
 Buddy Gardner: 	I would take it all back.
 I take it back now.
 I take it back just because you asked.

 me to my the DR. D. MMA I was in this this whirlwind of your call
-
I won't let anyone do anything to you.
 Think of it as repayment."
 The words weren't anything special, but there was something about the way he said them that made me absolutely sure he'd deliver on his promise, that he was somehow completely in control of his surroundings.
 The intensity in his stare was too much, and I found myself looking away, trying to buy some time to collect myself.
 Luckily I wasn't so far gone as to not recognize where we were.
 "Oh, gosh, that was the turnoff to my house.
 I'm so sorry."
 Brandon flashed me another smile and quickly maneuvered his car through a U-turn, a feat I was fairly certain was harder than it looked in the bulky muscle car.
 "No harm done.
 You guys bought the old Anderson home then?"

 dragged his car toward my house and Brandon glared from direction to direction. "Yes yes."
-
It was dead as dead can be.
 He closed his hands around it, just like this, and then whispered some words he learned from secretly watching Master.”
 “Master?” Aurelia asked, interrupting him again.
 “Yeah,” Harruq said, frowning.
 “My brother didn’t have too much fun before I found him.
 We were both sold, but I escaped.
 Qurrah, though, he was sold to Master…‌forget it, that’s for another time.
 All that matters is that he learned those words before he met me.
 He whispered something, opened his hands, and then just like that the mouse got up and started running.”
 “He brought it to life?” she asked.

 ? Disal it? Save it? Make its way to Life?<eop> “You “..
-
She's got an incredible temper though."
 "She's dating Alec right?"
 Britney nodded emphatically.
 "I've never seen them kiss or hold hands, but they've got to be.
 She's totally rebuffed everyone, and he's never evidenced even the slightest interest in any other girl.
 Plus, they're like the two hottest people in the entire school.
 How could they possibly date anyone else?"
 It was hard to argue with that.
 Jasmin was the kind of brunette who disproved the old saying that gentlemen prefer blondes.
 Any guy with a pulse would want her.

 How could they even date one other? They're so hot. They invited Noah over and to
-
Doing dope and making up this funny shit on stage, half monologue and half folk music.
 Had a song called “Abbie Hoffman meets the Roy Cohn Zombies.” (laughs)  They were too much for Memphis.
 I don’t know where they went.
 Their leader was a cat named, uh, Shlomo Stern.
 Writer, really.
 Did he ever publish?
 Does anyone know?
 Who else, Creole, you were there?
 CM: 	Uh, Consenting Adults.
 Tommy Staley—he was good.

 IV. Je Dee. The C. A. Barr boycott. Those were the great Six Five Nine
-
Eugene – I don’t think that would solve anything.
 Johnny – Why not?
 Jim – Johnny remember the time when he called the police and told them that he was abducted by aliens?
 And that he wanted those aliens arrested and sent back to Mars because they were in the country illegally?
 Johnny – Yeah, so?
 Eugene – They have a picture of me posted in all of the local police stations.
 I’ve got a reputation.
 They wouldn’t believe me if I went in and testified that the sky was blue.
 Johnny – Who’s damned fault is that?
 Eugene – It’s mine.

 s train? Johnny – No. I trust the police. Nice, but old school. 19
-
There were several small trees and bushes growing in the barn.
 The floor was also stone, and there was not enough dirt and debris for them to grow very large.
 They had to clear a path to get the wagon in.
 Imeralda ran her hand over the stone with a surprisingly gentle caress.
 “It is Nymph stone, right?” Rodregas asked.
 She nodded and said, “Yes, I am half Forest Nymph and half AElf and this is beautiful work.” All Nymphs have a specific attachment to nature such as forest, stone or water.
 There was a lot of variation among the Nymphs, but they could do amazing things with their element.
 A connection to stone is much sought after by mages.
 The stone could not store magic like the circles but it could smooth out the high level of magic available on ley lines and make it more comfortable to use, not in the big way of the magic of circles, but for using magic in small ways.
 And, of course, only homes made by nymphs could make living on a ley line comfortable.

 to make 300 dark floors for that safe and cooling space. She has Sok schooled her craft
-
I think my father was a man with a lot of soul, a lot of creativity that just festered, just rotted inside him like cancer, until, well, it turned to cancer and that killed him.
 CM:  	But, he was a lifelong smoker.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 People die from cigarettes.
 But more die from fettered ambition.
 I heard my dad’s band exactly once.
 I don’t remember why.
 We had to go to The Vapors for something and mom plunked me down in a chair and said, just stay here, I’ll be back.
 Well, it was like the music held me there—she could have been gone for hours.
 I was riveted.

 words from Marti Matthews from 4:20 to 5:...<eop><eod>
-
Her name was Kris.
 She would go with me, she said, if not for a babysitting job she had that night.
 After she left, I drank more beer.
 Then I drove to a Jack in the Box on the coast road and found Kris there, in a Ford, hanging onto my cousin Jill’s boyfriend, Jimmy Dixon.
 Jimmy was one tough fellow.
 According to rumor, while fighting in the Golden Glove tournament, he had knocked another light-heavyweight into a coma.
 An equally tough surfer, Butch Van Artsdalen, rode shotgun.
 I strode to their car, jammed my head through rolled-down shotgun side window and stared at Kris.
 “You babysitting these guys?” “It didn’t work out,” she said.
 Butch grabbed the door handle, but Jimmy told him to be cool, and he motioned me around to his side of the car.

 pause, and never acknowledge her. After the episode, although Ivan asked for Kris to hold onto Jimmy
-
“Over the centuries, I have gathered many items to aid those who would swear their lives to me,” Velixar said.
 The locks clicked open, the lid raised, and then he reached inside and pulled out two swords sheathed in gleaming obsidian.
 “These swords were once wielded by Aerland Shen.
 He led the elves that aided Karak in the great war against Ashhur.
 When Celestia cursed his kind, they shared his curse.” Velixar smiled at Harruq, his eyes gleaming.
 “Long have I waited for someone to wield these blades.
 An elf crafted and used them in battle, an elf cursed into an orc.
 These swords can only be held by one who has the blood of both inside him.” Velixar held the hilts out to Harruq, who drew one from its sheath.
 The sword’s blade was deep black and wreathed in a soft red glow.
 He weaved it through the air, his mouth agape at the ease in which it glided.

 stood tall and the wind whipped through the leaves of the bar. “These are my swords.
-
This morning she quoted, “For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me."
 She only spoke a few minutes, yet three times she asked that we pray for the MCs and the poorest of the poor.
 I joined the receiving line.
 As those of us standing went first, it only took a few minutes, during which I received the clarity to recognize that God, the source of all power, only works through people who stand aside and let him.
 Mother Teresa has built a mighty force of little, brown, meek, powerful women, because she knows and practices the art of humility, as perfectly as anyone I've witnessed.
 Her ego vanishes.
 God fills the vacuum.
 One of her warm hands touched mine and the other pressed my forehead.
 She smiled as poignantly as though I were her son, and her greatness revealed itself instantly.
 Because I realized that although she earned a Nobel prize and is frequently called a living Saint, she considers herself no better than me.

 s, quests, struggles, and all her contrived concerns have nothing to do with me
-
Art – She even decided to spend more time with me.
 We went out for coffee and talked for hours.
 I’m seeing her again tomorrow night on a real date.
 Jim – Are you’re sure you’re ready for that?
 Art – Of course I’m sure.
 Do I have to be sure?
 What will I wear?
 Jim – It usually helps to know for certain what you want.
 At least that’s the advice that you’ve given to me for the last ten years.
 Art – I mean I haven’t been on a date in over twenty years.

 No problem with that. Man is he so sweet on me in a way. He goes out to
-
After they were killed nobody would really talk to me.
 Everyone was polite, but it was like I was shut out, like they blamed me for what happened."
 Britney paused for a second and then shuddered.
 "I was supposed to have been with them."
 My shoulders suddenly relaxed as everything started to make sense.
 There'd been an attack of course.
 There might have even been a bit of a cover-up by local, or regional, authorities, but Britney's father was probably right in assuming the motivation had been protecting the tourist industry.
 That was all straightforward, but even that wasn't as obvious as the fact that Britney was suffering from some kind of survivor's guilt.
 She felt like she was somehow to blame for not dying with her friends, and was reading all kinds of motivations into people's behavior that weren't even there.
 That would've been spooky enough, but then I'd turned around, linked all of it to a freak nightmare and been convinced the world was about to end.

 she was crying and pissed at me and the beach owners, then I needed her to run off with
-
Jim – Hell no I’m not serious.
 Mom’s leaving was the best thing that could have ever happened to our family, I’m glad to be rid of her.
 Liz – Will Johnny feel the same way?
 Jim – Johnny hates mom.
 I don’t know how he’ll take dad’s new love interest.
 Oh damn, I still have to tell him about Gene.
 Liz – What about Gene?
 Jim – Hmmmm?
 Oh yeah.
 This morning Gene told me he had to speak with Dad.

 this Bel – Zak promised Gene to tonight to talk with Dad. I think this will go over
-
Education is the most essential ingredient for this transformation.
 It is a great leveller of social hierarchy.
 It has the power to transform the propensity for violent revolution into ordered evolution.
 It can temper and mature aspirations and enlighten expectations by an under standing of what can reasonably be sought after and achieved.
 It can impart knowledge of opportunities, attitudes that support constructive initiative and skills for productive application.
 Production technologies that make consumer goods available at lower and lower cost to more and more people also level social differences by extending the benefit of development more widely and evenly.
 The soaring of human aspirations is a natural and irresistible result of goals that humankind has been striving for over the last century.
 It is a direct product of the great advances in freedom and democracy, human rights, social equality for women and minorities, health and education, science and technology, the rule of law, social institutions and social welfare.
 Society has no alternative but to meet these growing expectations by channelling the awakened energies into productive pursuits.
 For that we need to acquire a greater understanding of the social and psychological process that has already enabled so many to achieve so much.

 been many people who who have achieved an amazing number of great just things. We can see how this
-
"Yeah, but once you've had some paying photography jobs it's sure to help land others.
 It isn't your ideal kind of work, but it's still a good start, and you never know where it might lead."
 "I can't leave you here alone.
 Not only that, I've still got the brochure to do."
 Obviously I was going to have to work harder.
 "Mom, I'll be fine.
 Just think of it as an extended hike.
 You'll even have cell phone coverage, so you can check in with me as often as you want."
 At least I hoped we'd be able to arrange that somehow.
 "As for the brochure, you've got scads of great shots already.

 need to you absolutely literally need to make it here in my sight." "We don'
-
She moved with an easy cat-like grace and was attractive, in an about to kick your ass sort of way.
 She was probably of the blood and strong.
 She had her brown hair woven into a tight braid and wore well fitting chain and leather armor.
 Her sword and shield seemed to be of excellent quality.
 Rodregas tried to get a good hold on his shield.
 It was battered and not looking good.
 The top of its handle was loose.
 His sword was possibly worse with chips and a crack starting high up.
 As the two circled each other, Rodregas’ realized that his first impression, that she was of the blood was clearly true.
 She was both quicker and stronger than a normal human.

 back to the distant border where Al and Vlad lived Un To Mur in SE Asia. On the
-
I pulled another volume down.
 A diary of Momar the Ancient.
 I sighed.
 This was going to be like trapping a greased pixie.
 I sat for hours exploring the early texts, stories of the river clans and their battles with the Imps of Long Forgotten, firsthand accounts of the Trials of Istanna, and the long lineages of the eldest families.
 A whisper roused me from my studies and I realized it was late, so I decided to give up and start again the next day.
 Rising unsteadily, I heard the whisper again.
 But it wasn’t a whisper—it was the wind.
 I glanced backward.
 Paper fell to scatter on the floor.

 was too late for this later that morning, my thoughts returned to Momar the Old. I began
-
“Her mother slaughtered your clan, your family.
 Why release this terror—” The man’s words were cut short, his face contorted in pain.
 Chevelle had gone rigid, every muscle tense.
 The councilman struggled, suffering from some unseen force.
 Blood poured from his nose and I gasped.
 Chevelle’s head jerked toward me and I couldn’t catch my breath—his eyes were as black as onyx.
 When his focus returned to the men, they eased away, the first supporting other by an arm as both bowed slightly, stepping and stumbling in their retreat.
 Chevelle watched them until they spun to disappear, and then he turned to me.
 One look at his face and I knew the cause of the devastation.
 I still couldn’t remember, but I knew what I had heard was truth.

 an arm at the councilman. “The one snag she found was that her choice of clan was
-
