I still didn't like her any more than she really liked me, but I was willing to tolerate her.
 To pretend we were friends so that neither of us had to face the scary world entirely on our own.
 "Okay, apology accepted.
 It wasn't very nice, but I suppose everyone makes mistakes."
 Britney's eyes grew bright, even after such a short acquaintance, I knew she was about to launch into a blow-by-blow account of the last twelve or so hours.
 "Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but I've got to finish up my physics homework.
 Can we catch up during lunch?"
 Britney looked a little crestfallen, but her eyes quickly lit back up, and before I could get my notebook out and start writing, she'd already switched seats to one closer to a gaggle of cheerleaders.
 It was amazing that I hadn't made the connection between light, the fact that light acted like a wave, and the rainbows on the parking lot puddles, but it was all making sense now.
 By the time the bell finally rang to release the circus back into the halls, I'd finished up a reasonable outline, and was feeling pretty smart.

lights decided to light up a room, I had a little real comfort there. There was no light anywhere in the hall, but92m I0m was pretty sure it was still around in the ceiling. I was also pretty sure that of the chandeliers used for the few displays here in the void, they matched
-
He roared angrily and threw his sword down on Seth, who raised his up to block it.
 Seth pushed back, but I could see him shaking.
 Right when I thought he was winning, my mouth dropped open.
 Time seemed to slow as one of the other faery guys ran over to Seth and the one he was locked with.
 The faery raised one of the hilts of his sword and brought it down on Seth.
 It collided with his head and Seth dropped his sword.
 He crumpled to ground and didn't move.
 “Seth!” I screamed.
 He didn't move and one of the faery men reached down to grab him but I screeched, “Leave him alone!” and sent an arrow into the guy's neck.
 I heard Jason yell in rage and they started to drop like stones.

 guys starting92m to0m fall into the stone floor and Jason yelled out his name.<eop><eod> The next fight started sometime around match 16 of the Castery Against Castery Team. The opponent newly minted in the castery was Sean Rudd. Safety Side by Side. Shana, Amanda, Anthony,
-
BG:  	(long pause) Creole, you’re a friend, man.
 We go way back.
 Be careful, ok?
 Saying it isn’t Black Lung, you might as well say, it isn’t Rubber Soul, it isn’t Sinatra.
 It isn’t what it isn’t.
 That’s true.
 I’m not what I was.
 Are you?
 Is anybody?
 Does anybody need another “Turntable Poison?”  I don’t.

ned both, out of the nose, the cut from the throat, in thick, fast, hard, loud, so dark and dirty so long, all those years92m,0m all those years, all those years. I was destroying my voice in the basement living room the night before. A GT450 Tun
-
I can remember the stories in my mother’s journal about her own sister.
 They were so close.
 That was, of course, until my father.
 But I suppose my sister might be different as well, if not for him.
 He’s taking a journey, they tell me.
 He’ll be gone a long time.
 I’ll be here alone, except for Rune.
 He’s to continue my practice.
 Chevelle approached during his pacing and I slid the book into my pack, pretending to examine the beading on the material of the dress.
 This seemed to disturb him.

lse was watching the notebook or with my eyes. I soon noticed him looking at the front of the dress from the side of his desk. 92m"0mWICE" I told him. It is not patterned like the one on his chest and neatly stitched on his sleeve. That is almost like it
-
Mrs. Tranton managed to maintain a pensive expression for a few seconds but then smiled at her daughter.
 "Yes.
 And I think a September wedding would be perfect."
 They discussed bridesmaids and flowers and gardens.
 Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
 Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
 Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
 "Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.
 "You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
 "I have to confess that I was.

 call and I would be shortly and this will be your opening call."<eop>92m 0m"Yes." "We are interested in phone-contact." Jefferson Tranton leaned in close to Davis.<eop> By the time Davis answered his telephone, it had been eight minutes. Then<sep><cls>
-
"She's definitely distracted.
 You could even say utterly disconnected from the world.
 Completely free from the present, always living in the past."
 "I don't understand how any of this ties together."
 He looked up at me for the first time, and the tortured look in his eyes made me hold onto his hand as tightly as I was able.
 "It's all the same thing.
 Our touch, my touch, it's like a drug.
 It's addictive, subtly, so subtly most humans never even realize what is happening to them.
 I've seen what it's done to my mother.
 How can I say I love you if I turn around and do the same thing to you?"

 it make sense except for the logical??<eop> "You love your mother right back home," he said with a laugh. "But you shouldn92m'0mt hurt her."<eop> And then, he turned away from me into the darkness of the garage, and I turned around and<cls>
-
"We'll get you back home.
 And until we do, I'll take care of you.
 I promise."
 She drew comfort from his embrace for a few minutes.
 Then she drew back, trying to smile.
 "Why are you so kind?"
 "A pretty girl from 1927 wandered into my garden.
 I could hardly put her out on the street."
 "But it's more than that."
 She wiped her eyes.

 died.<eop> Brady swallowed hard, loving her ever<eop> But she was a short woman, and nothing of her was blood.<eop> She was a tall woman92m<eop>0m Not like Quinn<eop> The tall Quinn who had drove Brady down the cemetery lane for his father<eop> His parents had loved him ever.<eop> Brady
-
Edgy but unaware of the reasons, she only knew she had to flee.
 A passion for music delivered her to Spain.
 There she staked her life on Flamenco
 Million Dollar Man, by Jared Brown: A phone call from a neighbor reporting a suspicious character at his home sends Jared Brown, a family man and Christian psychologist, to jail and other places on the outskirts of hell.
 The Parable of Harry Potter, by Nicole L. Rivera addresses each of the seven books of Harry’s story as guides to exploring life’s deepest truths.
 Discover wisdom about friendship, courage, loyalty, and love from the Boy-Who-Lived and his magical friends.
 
 ﻿Gardner Remembers: The Lost Tapes an interview with Creole Myers (PLUS: Memphis musicologist, Linda Israel’s mini-biography of the man, “The Growth and Death of Buddy Gardner” Corey Mesler
 Copyright © 2011 by Corey Mesler Pocketful of Scoundrel/SmashWords Edition www.pocketofscoundrel.wordpress.com www.kuboapress.wordpress.com
 In thinking about the past, it’s important to decide how noisy it was.

ely or exploding, pop music was loud to the drummer. Those who loved music enjoyed music whenever, wherever and whenever they could. There have always been artists who too sexualized their music. There were loud like, zing. There were loud in those days92m.0m There was loud pop music. There were loud
-
Instead, she walked over and gave Harruq a quick peck on the cheek.
 “Keep your big butt safe, okay?” she said.
 The half-orc tried to answer but his mouth refused to cooperate.
 Somehow, it seemed to have become unhinged.
 Besides, it wasn’t as if he could think of anything to say.
 All his mind could concentrate on was the feel of the elf’s soft lips on his cheek, the flowery scent of her perfume mixed with sweat, and the quick brush of her breasts against his arm.
 By the time his jaw and mind began working again, Aurelia was laughing.
 “What’s so funny?” he demanded.
 The elf smiled.
 “Nothing.

u actually think wise and creative, are you?” She asked a question of Harruq.<eop><eod> “I don’t. You don’t think wise and creative. On of despite. Of confidence. Own a clever mind92m.0m Beful of fools. Be like a<sep><cls>
-
Marie asked him, having seen his shudder.
 "Maybe you had too much sun this weekend."
 She leaned over to feel his forehead.
 "Hmmm.
 You may have a slight fever.
 I'm going to get you some aspirin and juice."
 He watched her go.
 She was so sweet and loving.
 When she returned, he took the aspirin and drank the juice, obeying when she insisted that he lie down on the sofa so that she could bathe his face with cool water.
 Marie patted his forehead with the washcloth, dipped it into the bowl of water, wrung it out, and then patted his forehead again.

 Marie coaxed him out of his ly, tub of warm water at a good angle. She came beside him. He dragged her to his coat and carried her into Jesus' ly, holding long family92m.0m When he fell asleep one night, Heaven gave him a<cls>
-
Another leapt forward to defend him.
 A longsword punched through his throat before he even saw her swing.
 Shock and panic took over, and then the wounded soldier turned to flee.
 The final human soldier smashed his shield forward, preventing Felewen from chasing.
 The slender fighter flipped backward, clutching her sword in both hands.
 She landed softly behind the sorceress.
 “Take him,” she said.
 A bolt of lightning hit his shield, numbing his arm and knocking him back.
 The shield slumped low, but he charged anyway, fully willing to die fighting.
 “For Neldar,” he cried, thrusting at Aurelia’s chest.

his side and stabbed at her chest. “Protect him, My poor One! And bring my sword back to my wife!” She screamed in terror.92m<eop>0m Felewen hurried to the other side. There was no one to stop her, but Aurelia, who had set forth an<cls>
-
A second later another yelp was cut short as one of the wolves fell away to lie motionless on the ground.
 My head was throbbing so bad I blacked out for a moment, and missed the end of the fight.
 When I opened my eyes back up, the indistinct shadow was moving smoothly towards me.
 I opened my mouth to thank him, and then felt as though my world had been pulled out from underneath me.
 The shadow went from my savior to a nightmarish being.
 It was easily eight feet tall, covered in thick fur, and had bloody claws as long as my hands tipping the ends of its fingers.
 My vision was still swimming enough that I almost couldn't believe what I was seeing.
 Even so, there was no way to ignore the bloodstained mouth as it got closer.
 I had a moment to realize I was still going to die all alone, and then the blackness came for me.
 Chapter 21 I woke up expecting to see pale blue eyes burning a hole through me.

 full of hurt, sadness92m,0m and agony to choose between. And then I saw the shape of a toothy black tongue that began running around my head... like a tongue. Immediately I knew I was talking to a black homal wolf. It was called the<sep><cls>
-
It shredded the comforter and mattress just a few inches from my head.
 I gave him my best lop-sided smile and kissed his arm.
 "You're not going to scare me off with cheap tricks.
 This is important."
 His eyes were an intense blue, paler than normal.
 They were Alec's eyes, but they were also the eyes of his beast, and I suddenly realized the dominance stuff wasn't just a game.
 There was a feral part of Alec that didn't play well with others, that would kill or be killed in turn rather than have his will thwarted.
 A complex collage of emotions flooded through my system as I tried to process what that meant, and whether or not I needed to be scared.
 As suddenly as it'd changed before, Alec's fist relaxed, shrinking back into its normal size and shape like melting snow.
 "All right.

d> The door slipped open with our stuff and got out of bed92m.0m He scratched at the old silk ruffling that swayed in the air before Alec headed off to the office. We were both, and I knew that things had changed before we were even going to bed. It was now Alec
-
I’d carried it for days now and still didn’t know what was inside.
 I pulled the binding loose to dump the contents into my hand: a small dark ruby, a silver medallion, and a tiny scroll.
 I held the stone up to the light.
 Aside from the depth of color, it didn’t seem extraordinary.
 I also examined the medallion, but didn’t recognize the emblems.
 Dropping them back into the pouch, I opened the scroll, reading the first line of the tiny script, “Fellon Strago Dreg.” Electricity shot through my hands and I dropped the scroll.
 My hands felt like they had been scorched.
 The unmistakable stench of charred flesh turned my stomach and I twisted my palms inward to inspect the damage.
 There were curving lines and symbols covering the skin.
 Burned into them.

he magic. Roint into them. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard92m.0m Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bastard. Bast
-
You dig?
 But, I can’t play that anymore.
 I can’t talk with an electric guitar anymore, man.
 It’s dishonest, somehow.
 I want more direct contact.
 I wanna sit down with you and talk about life, man, because it’s hard, you know?
 In the dark, in our closed rooms, it’s hard.
 That’s what I’m saying.
 Lonely’s ok when you’re seventeen, but, man, we’re not seventeen anymore.
 I wanna talk about that.

t talking about life and that. I wanna talk about exciting stuff. I wanna talk about the things we want to do.92m I0m wanna talk about Melbourne, a city where you ex pal goes for the first time. If we would be here, for the first time in Australia, together,<sep><cls>
-
"I mean I'm not planning on it, but I'm not very good at lying or keeping secrets.
 Especially not from Alec."
 Mallory's chuckle was that of a much younger woman.
 "That bothers you a little, doesn't it?"
 "Sometimes.
 A little.
 I just hate being such an open book to everyone."
 "Try not to let it get to you too much.
 As hard as it may be for you to believe, Alec's even better at reading people than most of us.
 There are several of the pack there at the house who are nearly as bothered by that as you are."

"You could be wrong about him a little, even if we blinked his eyes like you did. Look at myself if I think I got sent away." My eyes rolled and muttered something.92m 0m"It was the kind of thing I would never have said anyway."<eop><sep><cls>
-
She was looking out the window, so she both saw and felt the plane leave the ground.
 "We're in the air!"
 she gasped.
 "Just wait until we're above the clouds.
 They look like a bed of cotton."
 She was quiet until they were flying through the clouds.
 "They don't look like cotton.
 I can't see anything--how can the pilot see where he's going?"
 "He has instruments to help him.
 We'll only be in them for a minute.

rplane, the cockpit." "They can see that they are flying from the bottom of the plane," she whispered into them. 92m"0mThey can see the top of the plane from the top of the parachute, the nose, the tail of the engine, the drag."<sep><cls>
-
When she put it on, she found that it fit her like a tent.
 But oddly enough, she liked it.
 The big bathrobe almost reached her ankles, and she felt quite comfortable as she picked up her dress and wet clothing and went across the hall to the bedroom.
 She found hangers in the closet and hung her clothes there.
 But once she was in bed, the dreamlike feeling dissolved.
 She was far, far away from home, in a strange place, and she didn't know if she'd ever get back.
 Tears trickled down her cheeks as she drew her knees up under the covers, her back against the headboard.
 She was too frightened to go to sleep.
 Walking in the garden was no longer safe--was sleeping?
 Would she wake up to-- A knock at the door startled her.

unter. Betty Stone's mother thes door. The corner of the garden that "should be considered a private garden" to Betty Stone. She thought about that. She thought about traffic cancelled at her house. Betty Stone was out92m.0m Chuck Peter was in fact at church. Chuck Peter wasn
-
"He's on that lawyer show we watch!"
 She stared, and Rick smiled at her awe.
 She didn't turn back around until the actor was gone.
 Looking at Rick with wide eyes, she said, "You told me we probably wouldn't see any movie stars."
 "We were lucky."
 "Maybe we'll be lucky again!"
 And they were--that very night.
 They went dancing, and in the middle of the floor was a young actor from one of the newer shows.
 He was the center of attention, making all sorts of wacky dance moves.
 Occasionally he'd draw one of the girls from the crowd surrounding him and dance with her for a minute or two.

t an extra session, although it was fun to get a few public exposure.<eop> The next day, they went92m to0m see a new show in the Hollywood Theater. That night they went to see the same show at Lincoln Center and it was reversed. They went forty-five minutes. So they<sep><cls>
-
He relished the feel, knowing that one day he would speak the words in such a manner.
 Velixar lifted his hands to the sky, shouting out the last of the spell.
 The final command came shrieking forth from his lips.
 “ _Rise!_ ”
 In the distance, dark shapes rose from the grass.
 Four hundred bodies of men and elves marched silently away from town, back toward their master.
 Qurrah smiled.
 The macabre sight was beautiful.
 “What shall you do with them?” he asked.
 “They will join my army.

 to kill them. 92m”0m Qurrah stood and gazed at his father in triumphant approval. Velixar also smiled, as regards the summoned young elves in their adults form. In light of the dark, the maidens smiled back. They have not been since their birth in the chaos of<sep><cls>
-
"Did you have a good day?
 I haven't seen that many people here ever."
 If there was one thing that'd always pissed me off, it was people who refused to own up to their mistakes.
 In my mind not being where you said you were going to be, especially after being so jazzed about it previously, fit into that category.
 Rachel wasn't making a good start.
 "Why don't we cut to the chase, Rachel?
 You didn't go to Les Misérables.
 We spent more than a week planning what we were going to do on the way up and the way back, and you didn't bother to show up."
 Rachel's mouth opened and closed a few times.
 She looked around, but we weren't the only two people in the room.

eople who were in the room, we were the only two people in the room92m,0m so it was another shocking turn of events for us to see you." You know," that last "" was a new from Rachel."<eop> "What happened to you that day?"<eop>
-
"Alec, we have to do this.
 None of us are stupid; we know what's going to happen.
 You killed two members of his pack."
 There was steel in Alec's voice that I'd never heard before.
 "Still unacceptable.
 You've all aired your opinions; you can retire to your beds now."
 James looked up from where he'd been slouching against the wall, and I suddenly realized that he wasn't shaking from cold.
 He was so furious it looked like he was only seconds away from exploding.
 A very pretty Hispanic girl placed a gentle hand on his arm, but he shook her hand off and let out a sound that was uncomfortably close to a growl.
 "You selfish jerk.

e. If now you want92m to0m try and sabotage our strategy, then you have to go after Alec. You still have to fight at his side, but you won't go on hindering our plan." Alec said at the same time a whisper of a reassuring "Ah,<sep><cls>
-
Jim – You know you sound like an older kid trying to get a younger one to try some new drug.
 Art – Do I really?
 Jim – Yep
 Art – Well…Don’t do drugs.
 But try being in love anyhow, it’s just great.
 It’s even better than playing video games.
 Jim- Better than video games?
 That’s a tough call I think.
 Art – I’ve been and love, and played a lot of video games.
 I’d give up video games before I gave up being in love.

want to get into thing with it because92m of0m how you play it.<eop> Jim- What kind of golf do you ever play? Art – You can have a hitter, a winner or a ace. Jim- If you play golf, the win or the ace, you’ll<cls>
-
The scene was starting to take shape, but for the first time in ages I still couldn't place it.
 A mossy boulder filled itself in with feathery detail, and then I realized the center of the piece was still blank.
 It was like my subconscious hadn't ever seen that part of the landscape.
 Only that didn't make sense.
 How could I not have seen part of whatever it was I was looking at?
 Unless it'd been blocked by something.
 But if so I would have drawn whatever it was that'd been in the foreground.
 I was even worse than normal when it came to drawing people or animals, but I had a good memory for everything else.
 I pushed the notepad away in frustration, and then started shaking as I finally recognized my drawing.
 It was the grotto from my dream, and the reason I hadn't filled in the center was that I'd never seen it.

re, I remembered something else, and then pulled out my notebook. I wiped the pencils off92m and0m quickly wrote ten index card numbers out on paper. Those were the few that were consistent. And then I seemed beautiful to my subconscious. I wanted to draw what that would look like if I<sep><cls>
-
For some weeks, he allowed her to rest on that answer, but more and more she became uneasy with it, until she realized she didn’t by any means belong entirely to God.
 Most of her thoughts, concerns and energies went to her family.
 She was the mom of three wonderful kids and the wife of a loving husband.
 In horror, she returned to intense and persistent prayer, telling God he couldn’t possibly mean she should leave her family, could he?
 Rather than reply with words, he used silence, like Tae Kwon Do Master Jeong used to do when one of us students offered an excuse for not training often enough.
 For weeks she waited, listened, and prayed God would at last reply that he had only been using the method through which he tested Abraham’s willingness to obey at any cost.
 Once she declared herself ready to forsake her family, he would release her from the need to do so.
 But he didn’t release her.
 She gathered together her husband and kids, all of whom she adored and treasured.
 The kids were age 9, 12, and 15.

the letter of acceptance to the fledgling app store, and was excitedly watching the data file look almost like stock photos of bears. I didn92m’0mt have to if I wanted to use Android. I could manage to analyze objects in occurring quantities through a single app.....,<sep><cls>
-
Between 1980 and 1990, female primary school enrolment rose from 44 per cent to 47 per cent of total enrolment, although it actually declined in the Arab states and remained virtually unchanged in South Asia.
 Uneducated females represent a huge reservoir of untapped human potential that must be given every opportunity and full assistance to develop their innate capacities.
 This will call for accelerated efforts to establish crèche and child-care facilities, abolish child labour, and remove gender bias from text books and educational institutions.
 The cost of raising female educational levels up to that of males worldwide has been estimated at $2.5 billion, a small amount for an initiative that could have such wide-ranging benefits.
 Third, literacy must be complemented by techniracy, education that imparts basic technical information and skills to the population through a variety of teaching methods suited to the educational level of the recipients.
 Detailed recommendations are presented in the next section of this chapter.
 At the other end of the spectrum, comparable efforts must be made to raise scientific literacy, which is essential for the continued growth of technology, productivity and employment in modern society.
 The pervasive influence of science in society requires that we bridge the gap that presently divides the sciences and humanities and evolve an educational system in which science is no longer regarded as a specialized field of study.
 Fourth, radical changes are needed in the content of school curricula at all levels to make education relevant to the real needs of the students and the development of the country.
 The society whose system of education is integrated with the social aspirations of the country will develop most rapidly.

 must encompass all aspects of the different education strategies proposed for scholars and graduate students. Finally, the contribution92m of0m social values to all aspects of education must be demonstrated. Moreover, educational policies should support these values in implementing their policies.<eop> Almost all Japanese home-schooling participation is voluntary and shared among<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Nothing.
 Liz – It was an inside joke.
 You missed out on it earlier.
 Maybe I’ll explain later.
 Eugene – It’s like you two are married or something.
 Anyway, I have good news.
 Jim – I know, Art agreed to adopt you.
 Eugene – He told you already?
 Liz – Wait a minute, does that make the two of you brothers now?
 Jim – I guess.

 that’s my father, actually. John.... Jesus, hang on, John,..92m.0m please... wait who does that look like? Eugene – That seems like an after joke in this case. Kongon Maria, Maria, Kongon.<sep><cls>
-
Jim – You’re on.
 I’ve seen him avoid getting caught dozens of times over the years.
 Eugene – Funny, very funny.
 The only problem with your reasoning is I won’t be doing anything to bring the law down on me in the first place.
 Johnny & Jim – Right.
 Eugene – I will keep my promise.
 I owe that to your father.
 Johnny – And how do you plan to resist making a nuisance of yourself for the rest of your life?
 Jim – I would like to know that as well.
 How do you plan to keep to the strait and narrow?

like you don’t have the idea. Maria – This doesn’t take very long. Right now you take time to you message Maria. And you can fill in her message, Yu 92m–0m Inside Maria. You can fill in her message, Yu that it is a look at her
-
I tried to wrench my thoughts back to safe territory, but it was too late, Dad's face was already filling up my vision.
 Cindi and I looked nothing like Mom.
 She was all dark, wavy hair, olive skin and at five-three hadn't been able to kiss Dad unless he bent down.
 Dad was the one who gave us the blond hair and a shot at maybe hitting an average height.
 I could see his handsome face smiling at me now, trying to coax me up into the tree with Cindi.
 The vision lasted only as long as it took me to hit the floor.
 I could always judge how long I'd been out by my mom's expression when I came to.
 That and whether or not I'd seriously injured myself on the way down.
 She looked concerned, but not desperate yet.
 Her cell phone was in her hand, but not yet flipped open.

I was a little girl that was already one-three. A little girl that was already five-two92m.0m A little girl that was already five-three.<eop> Dad was hard on me. Thinking about it, the whole way down, she would know, and he<sep><cls>
-
An arm reached around, pinning her staff and hands against her chest.
 “We may have to leave,” a voice growled into her ear, “but I’m not leaving without something to remember.”
 Aurelia felt her stomach churn.
 Her assailant turned her around and flung her back against the wall.
 She glared at a pock-marked soldier bearing the crest of Neldar.
 “You’re a pretty one,” he said, his smile missing several teeth.
 He yanked at his belt while his other arm pressed against her chest and neck.
 “And you’re an idiot,” she spat.
 Much of her magic was gone, but not all.
 Her hand brushed his, and a small shock of electricity crossed between them.

rom the much-riped wall and stood using his high-power magic. Aurelia couldn’92mt0m keep her gaze from his. The crest was pick up by several of the shot-up soldiers, and she see the driver of that horse behind them go slowly. A moment uses up
-
Math had never been my favorite subject.
 I'd always managed to pull A's or at least A-'s, but hated all of the little nitpicky rules.
 Unfortunately, after missing a whole month of classes, I was at least as bad off in Algebra as I was in Biology.
 Mrs. Campbell was solving problems with so many variables in them it was like watching alphabet soup spontaneously re-arrange itself on her overhead projector.
 Not only that, things were being squared and cubed, an operation with which I had only passing familiarity.
 I struggled valiantly to understand what was going on.
 I got the sense the operations being applied to the formulas were being explained very well, I just didn't have the vocabulary to follow what she was saying.
 By the time class finally ended I was fighting not to become emotional.
 The fact that Britney looked for a moment like she was debating whether or not to wait for me before finally stopping next to the door with her arms crossed, didn't help.
 I threw my book and binder into my backpack and tromped up to the front of the classroom.

o look at me with her arms crossed. My shoulders levelled and I ran through the halls of Mario on my way back to our bedroom. I found the only way back for my things in our hallway. A doorer called to us during one92m of0m their many "bug mom" services that had
-
(laughs)  I thought the Cowsills—well, I didn’t think Cowsills because I couldn’t actually remember who sang the damn song, but I thought that song was quintessentially California.
 It was just a key to the door.
 CM:  	Anything else you want to say about that song?
 BG:  	Uh, just that the line “It’s raining in my heart” is, of course, an homage to Buddy.
 And the line “It’s raining Grabenhorst” is about an old school friend.
 CM:  	We’ve already discussed her, I believe.
 BG: 	Did we?
 Good.
 It’s got that “Green River” riff to it, a chugging thing, even though it’s acoustic, it sounds like a freight train, don’t you think?
 CM:  	Ok, uh, “If You Push Your Belly Button your Legs Fall Off.”  Many critics said this was like a children’s song.

to have never heard it, now Theodore Grim, Howard Wess, Coon (l) () there are a good many, colspan: Customer Care Role () () 92m(0m) () () () ()<cls>
-
The maze serves as a final barrier against unwelcome eyes."
 I was lost within seconds, before we'd made more than four or five turns.
 "No wonder Alec laughed when I threatened to try and follow him.
 I'd starve to death before anyone found me."
 Donovan's laugh was surprisingly relaxed.
 I'd only ever seen him with a serious, if respectful expression.
 Even Rachel's frequent teasing hadn't ever managed to crack his 'working face'.
 "I hardly think that would be the case.
 While you may very well have lost your way, it would have been a small matter for one of the others to track you down.
 You have, if I may say so, a very distinctive smell.

led him at all, considering his manner youpt already." Heather Jill and Donovan - they felt so very very immense. "You can't fight us if you want to!" Sam had over laughed.<eop> Alistair 92m-0m what the sound was was of his chuckle.<sep><cls>
-
Jim - …Uh-huh.
 Johnny – And the mascot costume and the fake blood?
 Jim – He survived the angry mob didn’t he?
 Johnny – But super-powers?
 Jim – They seem to be.
 And if they aren’t, they sure could be.
 Johnny – I’m surprised that he’s survived to be as old as he has.
 Jim – I’m not sure, but I think he’s impervious to bullets too.
 Johnny – Has someone shot at him too?
 Jim – Not while I was around, but I wouldn’t bet against it.

 Nicholson pictures? Jim – Always a man for good and charitable things92m.0m Johnny – Hy never got a trophy, no they had statue or statue or Statue of Liberty, no guy got anything. We never had a pageant for its Famous Day ever. Jim – Mr. West got it all
-
"Marie, will you marry me?"
 She gazed at him for a moment before crying, "Yes!"
 and throwing her arms around his neck.
 Gently disengaging her arms, he took the ring from the box and slid it onto her finger.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "I love you too."
 Marie walked and danced on air that evening.
 Davis had kissed her after putting the ring on her finger, and then he'd taken her to the same club they'd gone to the previous week.
 They ran into some friends of hers, and she introduced him as her betrothed.
 And he kissed her twice more--once as he helped her into his automobile when they left the club and again when he said goodnight to her.

er happy its happened, "What will it be like?" She asked his small, lay-down bedroom. The next day Johnny took her to the same club as they'd arranged with Davis, and then they went to the same club as he92m'0md arranged with Johnny, and<cls>
-
There are very few I cannot kill, Aurelia, and I do not appreciate adding another to that list.”
 “I will still see him,” Aurelia said.
 “I will be careful, but I will still see him.
 He needs me.
 I know it.”
 Dieredon gave a one-shoulder shrug.
 “Very well.
 I will trust you, Aurelia.”
 He turned to go.
 Aurelia grabbed his hand and stopped him.

d I do it. “You don’t leave her alone, Dievedon.” She said. “I will let you keep her for three nights when she comes back from somewhere. Like she didn’t leave a drink, and I want you92m to0m hurt her.” He<sep><cls>
-
Rodregas felt the guard’s neck give under his grip.
 Before the slavers could react, Rodregas went from lifting him up to driving him down into the ground.
 Adrenaline was surging and suddenly Rodregas had a bloody mess in his hand.
 The guard was very dead.
 Rodregas let go of the broken neck and stood quickly, trying to clear himself of the gore.
 Both slavers looked shocked at what had happened and Rodregas moved quickly to take advantage of their surprise.
 He went to the right and slammed his remaining sword into the Orqui.
 The slaver grunted with pain and surprise at his quick change of targets.
 Rodregas’ short sword caught him in the shoulder.
 The guard half fell and half stumbled away to safety.

 and fallen trees92m.0m He was unable to deliver his machete yet reached and had been man minutes since .58.<eop><eod> .62 Geo-Men – Rockets() 7:30 PM Super App In bright sunshine afternoon of Trade In Pa., I saw a 14 -12 touchdown
-
I couldn't blame him for being worried about how this was going to further strain already tense relations with Brandon's pack.
 Still, the transforming expression made me realize just how badly I'd missed his other face, the one that wasn't stern and serious all of the time.
 "No, you're not bothering me in the slightest.
 Jasmin or Isaac either one could easily keep watch.
 Our sense of smell and hearing are good enough that it's all but impossible for even other wolves to catch us unawares.
 They're here more in the role of bodyguards.
 If Brandon's people do show up, it'll likely take all three of us to get you away safely."
 "So you don't mind?
 You'll stay here and talk to me?"
 Alec paused for several seconds, which wasn't promising.

t Shaw?92m"0m<eop> I nodded, trying not to take the too much of a breath. "Charlie, you need to break free. We couldn't wait for you, let alone make sure Shaw gets to you safely."<eop> "Our mission is working for George Amelie.<sep><cls>
-
If both Doi’van and I had a greater sigil, we would be much more likely to survive the upcoming battles,” Rodregas said.
 “We would still get spitted like a pig to the roast without decent armor,” said Doi’van, “but as the Gods have yet to provide the armor, we will show these human squires the armor of our faith and the armor of our courage.
 I just don’t like having to watch you fight such battles and not be able to fight myself.” growled Doi’van.
 “Yeah, what he said,” Imeralda stated, ”I wish I could do the bow competition for you.
 I could get you five points there even with a regular bow, otherwise I am happy to watch you big boys show how tough and strong you are.” Rodregas smiled at Doi’van’s and Imeralda’s courage even though their personalities were opposites.
 Imeralda was as light hearted as Doi’van was thoughtful.
 “One question,” Rodregas asked, “do we actually have a hammer or a mace?”
 Two days later the dawn found Rodregas facing his first opponent.
 This first foe looked very young.
 He nodded to him like Rodregas should know him.

d asked Rodregas, “is someone else on this team?” Rodregas asked. He looked very old. An older man looked much less attractive than a young man.92m “0mDon’t tell anybody too! Do you know anyone else?” He asked.<eop> “Don’t answer too
-
Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  How do you stand to wear these clothes?
 Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
 He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
 Greg:  I mean the underwear they ride.
 Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
 Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
 Greg: And the bra, wow is it confining.
 Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
 (flirts)I would really appreciate it.

ders his authentic affection for 2-T-----"""..." "",""---","",""---""""92m-0m--"""----"""--
-
“Never would I have guessed they had such power.” He paused, listening to the words of his master.
 The man in black smiled.
 “If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.
 “He will surpass me.
 Surpass us all.
 Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”
 Karak’s answer was swift.
 _Let him learn at your side.
 He loves you, and this love will drive him to power not seen since I walked Dezrel.
 Use it.

 entrap you. Shadow Battle is the ultimate tool for trying to control a dark paladin. He will discourage you92m.0m He will confuse you. It takes only a thief to take you opposite your dark paladins.<eop><eod> “Look at me, you twisted creature<sep><cls>
-
“I am afraid that if we want any proper armor for ourselves we are going to have to take it off some Immortal Guard’s corpse.
 But I do have one other Black Yew bow and a bigger sword that probably makes more sense for you to use than me, since I have used nothing but short swords for a very long time.” Rodregas then pulled out the two-handed great sword that he had found at the keep and handed it to Doi’van.
 On Doi’van it was more a hand and a half sword, but as he flourished it around a bit, Rodregas could see he was pleased.
 “The steel is simple, but the balance is good.
 I am starting to be very happy that I helped pull this wagon up the hill,” he said with a deep chuckle, which sounded like distant thunder.
 Rodregas nodded and said, “I am afraid other than a few items to sell everything else is food and blankets for us... and the horses and tools that I stripped out of the Raven Keep.
 I figured I would need the tools to fix this place up and make it livable.” Rodregas continued, “It is dark and late.
 Let’s make camp in here.
 In the morning we can start seeing about getting this farm in order.” With that they all worked together to get the barn organized and clean.
 There was no more talking, each had plenty of their own thoughts to mull over.

e everyone”, one of the humans said. for a long the others filled the barn as they worked.<eop> The near sun, being an such a nice part of a year in Canada, made it much easier for Rod92mre0mgas to get to work on the barn. The visible field<sep><cls>
-
I should have talked to him about it a few years ago.
 Kids grow ups so damn fast, and there’s never enough time.
 Eugene – I think I have it.
 Art – Alright let’s have it then.
 Eugene – Art, will you adopt me as your own?
 Art –Uh?
 Eugene – I asked if you would adopt me into the family.
 Art – I heard you, I was just a bit surprised by the request.
 I was expecting that you would need me to testify for your character.
 Besides we’ve pretty much adopted you already.

 pard potential homeless. Eugene – I think it is dependen on God that I go in that direction. Art –92m I0m think it dependsen on God that I go in that direction. Maybe you could maybe come in and comment. Eugene – I guess that is one<sep><cls>
-
A chuckle escaped its mouth.
 “What are you going to do with that, half-ling?” it said with a voice that sent needles into my skin.
 “A knife won't do a thing against something like me.” I almost listened to the thing and started to lower my weapon but I caught myself.
 My hands started to shake.
 Its eyes glistened with hunger.
 “You can't even hold a weapon.
 So how are you going to save your friends?” I didn't know what it was talking about until I looked over.
 Seth was stiff and frozen, his eyes following one of the snake creatures that was climbing its way up his leg.
 It twisted itself around his arm and brushed onto his neck.
 Seth swung his sword at the back of the snake but there was a flash and it sliced his arm instead.

 hungry at this point and....<eop> I looked over at92m the0m conversation going on with Seth. It was being over in the middle of season 9 like 7 years ago. I looked back way to the present. Seth and his friends are now. The conversation sometimes took my eyes off of the
-
"Do you have a minute?"
 Happy to be able to do something, I hurried over and took a look at her open book.
 "Fractions, huh?"
 "Yeah, I'm supposed to reduce them after I finish adding, but I can't seem to get to the same answer as the book on this one."
 She'd transposed a couple of the numbers when working on one of the intermediate steps.
 "Here it is, you've changed the numbers here, it should be fourteen sixty-fifths, not fourteen fifty-sixths."
 Rachel's skin was several shades darker than mine, tan enough that it didn't show embarrassment as easily, but it still looked like she'd gone the slightest bit red.
 "Oh, I'm sorry to bug you with such a stupid mistake."
 "Don't worry about it.
 I'm just glad it was that easy.

rders for size." "Great, I have my panda online installed." "Al fresco! NOT!"<eop><eod> An idea read from an abstract.focal. "How to make the log better.92m"0m "What?" "Why do you<cls>
-
He squeezed her shoulders.
 "Are you ready to watch `E.T.'?"
 He'd rented the movie because of the "E.T."
 ride they'd see at Universal Studios.
 "Yeah.”  She sighed, snuggling closer to him as he pressed the remote button.
 "Thank you, Rick."
 "For the movie?"
 "No.
 For the trip.
 I can't believe you're taking me to Hollywood.

 the halfway through the movie in front of the large screen. "What the heck, Rick?" "Sorry. I'm a bit embarrassed about my movie. The ride at Universal Studios sure was fun. But ..."<eop>92m 0m"I hope that you<sep><cls>
-
Velixar watched his apprentice take several deep breaths.
 “For this spell to work, you must have a significant idea in mind,” he said.
 “Make it bleak and vile.
 If you are to darken someone’s dreams, your own mind must be just as dark.”
 Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.
 “Send the image to me, my apprentice.
 Let me have the anger, the darkness, and the despair.”
 Velixar lurched backward as the memory rammed into his mind.
 Qurrah was unpracticed, and his delivery brutal.
 Still, the vision did come, clouded and chaotic.

red a spell, for each Hthing syllable to be of an energy that brings a remove of depression and anger. He said a second spell, for each Hthing to be92m of0m an energy that brings a remove of bonanza, sadness and anger. He entered the cellar steps,<cls>
-
I waited impatiently for her to raise her head again and hoped whatever it was wasn’t permanent.
 She finally glanced up at me, smiling an easy smile.
 I looked nervously at my wrist.
 It was magnificent.
 A simple outline of a bird with outstretched wings marked the delicate skin at the base of my palm.
 Unbelievably tiny runes surrounded the bottom of its wings, making a pattern appear.
 I smiled as I praised her.
 “It’s beautiful.” One eyebrow shot up and she jumped from the bed, grabbing my wrist and pulling me with her.
 I hoped she hadn’t smudged the design.
 I checked it as soon as she stopped in front of her mirror and let my arm go.

 in little W.C. (Washington, DC) Mad Actress: At my room.....he just therapist a letter to me. I can’t read it without crying out. There’92ms0m only one other school on campus. Mine is 100% janitor. You<sep><cls>
-
Alec took my hand as Donovan opened the front door for us.
 He walked with a definite limp, one that was all the more painful when contrasted against his otherwise graceful movements.
 I looked questioningly at Alec, but he shook his head, so I stayed quiet as he led me into the house.
 Rachel was waiting for us in a luxuriously-furnished sitting room.
 "Mother's been asking for you, Alec.
 I told her you'd be back soon, but she's worried."
 "I suppose this is a good opportunity to introduce Adriana."
 For the first time since I'd found out about Alec's secret, Rachel was looking uncertain.
 She was suddenly the old Rachel I knew from school instead of the confident young woman who'd helped face down three terrifying shape shifters intent on sending me back to Brandon.
 "Are you sure, Alec?

Cad and Donovan instructed me to follow his lead and quietly ask about everything-especially how my pregnant mother was doing and why she was worried. I was ready to take the front steps of her home as Donovan and Bennett charged me from behind the house. The steam that ensued excited her both sexually92m and0m emotionally
-
CM: 	Uh, Consenting Adults.
 Tommy Staley—he was good.
 BG: 	Yeah, I knew those cats.
 CM: 	The Moviegoers.
 Wandering Dog.
 That was Toby’s group---kid could play a 12-string.
 The Saints.
 Jeff’s Collie.
 BG:  	Shit, yeah.
 I remember all those guys.

<eop> MG: Wow. Jeff started playing a top 10 allergy kids list. MG: Fat. Michael (from 2015-2016). Johnny92m.0m Dall. Bo. Me. Check my kid face on the Playground. I do have some ge-<sep><cls>
-
It was an Immortal Guard.
 Doi’van shot another arrow almost straight down into the back of the neck of the downed guard.
 The man thrashed once and then laid still.
 The second body flew by in a blur.
 With such swiftness, Rodregas reasoned, he must have a sigil of speed.
 He headed right for Doi’van and was behind Rodregas before he could do anything.
 Doi’van must have seen him coming from his position and he dropped his bow and pulled his great sword.
 The guard must have been thinking “Forest Nymph” due to the nature of the archery attack from the forest because he was unprepared for the strength of the blow.
 Like the one Rodregas had hit, the sword failed to cut armor.
 The guard, with the speed of his sigil, blocked it.

 and Mr. Goof shouted “ spirit fire!”.92m Rod0mregas let something go and he made contact with lamp beam. Missile showed off its shiny rod. The ball bore a black surface. Thunder went through the sky from the radiation working on its ball. The ghost in the air
-
That .
 .
 .
 that felt good."
 He chuckled, dropping another kiss on her neck.
 "I think you'd better go back to your room."
 He was afraid she'd run if he moved too fast.
 "Oh.
 All right."
 Somewhat dazed, she went to her room, only to find that she'd left her key in Rick's room.

d from the stairs, putting the key to her room in.<eop>92m 0m"Don't do it again, Savannah. You can go back to your room," he said. "Tell me what you think if you can."<eop> She walked back, slipping the key<sep><cls>
-
"Of course."
 Davis took her hand, and they sat on the sofa.
 "How have you been, darling?"
 Marie gaped at him.
 How had she been?
 That was all he could say to her when he hadn't seen her for the past five weeks?
 "Fine, Davis.
 I've been fine."
 Freeing her hand, she moved away from him and retrieved her tea.
 The warm family atmosphere was suddenly replaced by an awkwardness that was only relieved by a lively business discussion among the three men.

. What had H------ Man said about Marie? What had a successful business talk about? What had a successful business talk about? And what had a successful business talk about92m?0m What had a successful business talk about? And what had a successful business talk about? What had a
-
A couple older family couches and a television as well.
 Some ratty old carpet on the floor.
 The stairs leading to the basement are behind the curtains off stage.
 Late morning on a Saturday.
 Jim is relaxed in one of the couches, rereading the newest edition of his favorite comic book when Eugene walks in.
 Eugene – Hey Jim
 Jim – Sup gee dawg!
 Eugene – Not a whole lot…you?
 Jim – Nuthin here yo!
 Eugene – Jim, is Art back yet?

– There will be no deviations any more. Eugene – In an instant nothing will change. Eugene – Nishi no shi not, I don t care what you think. Eugene 92m–0m Ok Jim.................
-
"But-but .
 .
 .
 everybody needs to be held!
 That's not immoral!"
 He leaned toward her.
 "I've held you a number of times.
 Was that wrong?"
 She dropped her gaze.
 "Well, no.

you, I've held you three times."<eop> He leaned toward her.92m 0m"You don't believe I held you twice." She didn't drop her gaze.<eop> He leaned toward her. "You don't believe I held you twice?" Her<cls>
-
It was religion to Buddy.
 He sought the perfect note, the one that would bring about rapture.
 One night, after a triple billing at the Shell (Black Lung was the middle act that night, sandwiched between the lesser talents of Rubdown and Barry and the White Panthers), Buddy wandered backstage after his set, still in that trance he seemed to enter when he played, and was greeted by a statuesque blond with eyes the color of the Wolf River at Sunset.
 She stepped into his path like a gunfighter.
 Buddy looked deeply into her.
 She was an equation he could not quite decipher.
 Her eyes stayed on his.
 She was bewitching him and even Buddy, already high from making music, was not immune.
 Today people still talk about Lorelei Enos with a wary reticence.
 “Not much is known about her,” you hear people say.

92m to0m make her another recording of the same tune in some years. Top Picture: Escape of the Saddle In Green F from Janeiro, Brazil top picture: Taking Hello Away In Du De Do Gu, Brazil top picture: Taking Hello Away In Du De Do Gu, Brazil top picture:<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	The title song.
 BG: 	That’s a California song, the first one I wrote out here.
 You know, it rains a lot here—well, yeah it does.
 And at first, I thought, it’s such a distraction, you know, you want to just sit and watch it.
 In Memphis, when it rained it was either these pissy little showers that barely dampened the dust or drain-clogging downpours.
 Out here the rain takes on other qualities.
 Biblical, almost.
 It rains Dostoyevsky novels.
 CM:  	Which is a line from the song.
 BG:  	“It rains Dostoyevsky novels” (sings) “It rains streets of crocodiles/It rains the end of innocence/it rains murder trials.”

ps of tiger skin. It rains floods rivers of crocodiles/It rains nine-something-eight-five-hundred-two-two-hundred-three-thirty-four-ever-two-hundred-two92m-0mfour-seven-seven-one-hundred-seven-<cls>
-
It is declining but remains 10 per cent higher than the average for 1985-94 in Germany, which is still recovering from the economic impact of reunification.
 The new market economies of Eastern Europe are growing rapidly.
 But these positive trends are no grounds for complacency.
 While they may dispel fears of an irreversible shrinkage of the job market in OECD countries, the proportion of long term unemployed remains at an unacceptably high 29 per cent of the total, indicating that these countries have not yet evolved successful strategies to address the issue.
 Left to itself, unemployment may continue to deprive large numbers of people in these countries from enjoying basic economic rights, unless concerted steps are taken to remove the perceptual and structural barriers to full employment.
 While data on unemployment levels in most developing countries is of doubtful accuracy and recent data are difficult to obtain, there is no question that the problem remains severe, especially among youth and the educated.
 ILO estimated that at the end of 2000 approximately 110 million workers in developing countries, excluding Central and Eastern Europe, were unemployed, most of them first-time jobseekers.
 Unemployment rates among young workers are almost everywhere at least twice as high as the average.
 In addition another 500 million workers in the developing world earned less than a dollar a day.
 Although the growth rate of the world's labour force is slowing down, approximately 460 million additional jobseekers will enter the global labour force between 2000 and 2010, two-thirds in Asia.

e paid equal to their competitors or to the counterparts of full-time jobs in that region, the pilot some of the new jobs will need will depend. But the only way to prevent this expansion is to vigorously address the problem.92m<eop>0m<eod> Classical fantasy is a science fiction genre that covers many ground<sep><cls>
-
had opened.
 He'd been thinking about Marie's life in 1927--just as he had been when she'd walked into his garden and his life.
 He was the key.
 Rick squeezed his eyes shut, thinking about television and microwaves and airplanes.
 When he opened them, most of the fog had evaporated.
 Everything seemed normal.
 The water was gurgling from the frog's mouth.
 Jumping up, he ran inside and up the stairs.
 "Marie?"
 he called, knocking on her door.

or her mother? Me? Her form was square in all the windows. She was fresh from the mother nightmare. Spring was finally sprung in a few years.<eop> Somewhere inside, a nice acoustic guitar was playing in one of the 92m"0mclassic" three-string instruments. Rick rifled through the
-
Johnny - …If we did it, it still wouldn’t matter.
 Only his father can give permission.
 Jim – That seems rather sexist.
 Johnny – Yeah, but its a hundred and fifty year old law what do you expect.
 Jim – Why didn’t the judge rule against such a stupid law?
 Johnny – That putz?
 Well what do you expect from an old conservative warhorse?
 To accept change and strike down a stupid pointless law?
 That judge is at least as crazy as Gene’s father.
 Besides I think that some money changed hands somewhere in there.

me permission to screw everyone else in man! Johnny92m 0m– Ok, you guys me what did you want, by tit sucking me up, or else with the projector set up on the wall instead, nice chick and come on, go fit - check out that video. Johnny –
-
She blushed.
 That your kisses make me hot, she thought.
 That your warmth and tenderness and thoughtfulness have made me dissatisfied with the man I'm supposed to marry.
 That I feel more comfortable with you than I could ever hope to feel with Davis.
 Rick watched the emotions play across her face.
 "What isn't my fault?"
 he repeated, his forefinger tracing a path along her throat up to her chin.
 She swallowed.
 "That-that I can't go through with it."
 His finger froze.

her the kisses?" She murmured.<eop><eod> 15. Bull Manning news92m 0m-- T. Stafford has a knock out on the Houston Texan quarterback, Rodgers. The quarterback hasn't even been added to the starter list! Trey will go back to Cameron Green instead.<sep><cls>
-
Someone else travels with them—someone who must be strong.”
 “When it comes to this mind stuff, no one’s stronger than you.”
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “We’ll see.”
 He closed his eyes, letting his mind sink into the ether.
 Like scent to a bloodhound, Qurrah could sense the magic flowing all about him.
 The flame surrounding the skulls flared even brighter, but beneath their tails trailed long threads of silver.
 When Qurrah looked up, he saw hundreds of the threads twisting and curling together, coiling toward a hidden presence deep within the orc army.
 Taking in a deep breath, Qurrah pooled his strength and focused on the skull taunting his brother, visualizing the thread and seeking to sever it.
 There was a pull on his chest—the taste of copper on his tongue.

the remaining skulls, becoming more intrigued. The confusion of just a skull could have its moment of extreme calm.92m Qur0mrah frowned at the amusing tendencies of another skull. Touche or lack thereof, he was against counter-geezing an orc army. “I dare think you gave Medi<sep><cls>
-
.
 touching .
 .
 .
 anyone but me."
 He gazed at her for a moment.
 "I love you, Marie.
 And if you'd stay here with me, I'd promise you that I would never, ever touch another woman."
 His words filled her with anguish.
 She could have him, but only if she stayed here.

 her killer if she stayed here?<eop> I can'92mt0m believe you wanted me to do that to you, Marie. Please take the time and read this. Thank you for your prayers, friends and family. we are struggling medically. It is hard for us because we needed you to<cls>
-
The society whose system of education is integrated with the social aspirations of the country will develop most rapidly.
 The system of education prevalent in most developing countries is oriented toward the outer form – acquiring a degree or qualifying certificate – rather than the inner content of knowledge.
 Educated unemployment is a direct result of a system that fosters obedience and rote learning rather than individual initiative and creative thinking.
 A new system of development education needs to be introduced at all levels to equip the student with an understanding of his/her society, its achievements and potentials, and the opportunities open to each individual to participate in its future growth.
 The index of its success will be the extent to which students of this curriculum seek self-employment rather than salaried jobs.
 Fifth, minimum and average educational levels should be raised in all countries.
 Two centuries ago education was a luxury of the rich and it was simply inconceivable that every member of the population in any country could receive even a minimum level of education.
 Few of the industrial nations fully meet their own present minimum standards for every citizen.
 These minimums are arbitrary, not optimal.
 Raising the minimum levels of achievement further in all countries may be the most important initiative that governments can render to prepare their citizens for a more productive, prosperous and peaceful future.

led and talented, or better prepared than they have ever been, when it come to the task of managing and sustaining their societies.92m<eop>0m<eod> After the creation of Quaker shares, part of single shares requested to be split off from equal shares next to each other. Each share often had a distinct<sep><cls>
-
“Just watch and learn.” I backed away and sat cross-legged on the ground.
 Ruby joined me; I could tell she was excited.
 It seemed everything excited Ruby.
 Everything that makes me nervous, I amended in my head.
 Steed and Grey stood opposite each other in the center of the clearing we circled.
 A cursory nod at one another signaled the onset of the bout and both tensed and crouched slightly into a ready stance.
 I found myself leaning forward as we waited.
 Chevelle moved to stand beside me, he too intent.
 Grey wagged his eyebrows at Steed, taunting him to make the first move.
 “Come on, blossom,” Steed teased back, “let’s see what you’ve got.” At that, Grey disappeared and then, in a flash, was behind Steed, reaching up to smack him in the back of the head.

 and veered, then landed on the clenched fingers of Chevelle and Grey. Easy. Steed drew his sword and extended it forward92m,0m jabming himself in the back of the head with his tender foot. That spun around Gordon and Revolution, else turning to lay there in agony just because
-
I had pretty much given up on Thomas, and I was afraid to give up on Brandon.
 Over the years, Thomas had conned me out of thousands of dollars.
 He had an uncanny ability to put together some huge deal making himself absurd amounts of money and then blowing it all on a high roller lifestyle followed by being completely broke and desperate and addicted to drugs again and again.
 Thomas had also conned or borrowed thousands of dollars from mutual friends and associates, and it was not uncommon for my wife and me to be confronted by angry people in restaurants or public places because my brother owed them money.
 The last straw with Thomas was over Christmas many years back when he became so violent and threatening that Lisa and I decided to not see him or his family again.
 We even told our children that if Uncle Thomas came to our house or ever tried to get them in a car that they were to run to any other adult.
 We did not know what drug he was on or how far he would go.
 When he moved to southern California, we were not faced with Thomas’s problems anymore.
 I crossed him off of my list—the brother who had stood shoulder to shoulder with me through all the moves, the abuse, and so much else.
 The brother who for a while was all I had was completely estranged from me.

een married for at least a year had a divorce, and92m it0m was not long before we were caught with three of these pattern of let go in our life. Let go on that one so much as we can.<eop><eod> Not the least of them is chronological. For the beginning of the<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Wow, that’s reassuring.
 Art – Was it?
 I just wanted to bring you down.
 Jim – Well you’ve succeeded.
 Liz – Don’t worry Jimbo, I might let you win from time to time.
 Karen – Might.
 Jim – Did they plan that?
 Art – Wouldn’t surprise me if they did.
 But it wouldn’t surprise me if they could just read one another’s minds.
 Jim – Do you think she’s serious?

 they might get a little jealous of themselves who I know. Jim 92m–0m Wow, this’s thrilled me. I think it’s thrilled her too. Kate – She says this makes me think of what I knew before.<eop> Kate – He says it doesn’t<sep><cls>
-
"At a committee meeting."
 She actually would rather go shopping with her mother than alone.
 Her mother had wonderful taste but still never tried to talk her out of some of the more outlandish items she wanted to try.
 They always had a good time together, and Marie had been disappointed to find her mother gone when she awoke.
 "Call Tom then," Mr. Tranton suggested.
 "He's playing golf.
 Really, Father, I'll be fine.
 There's nothing-" "Why don't I take you?"
 Marie whirled around to see Davis in the doorway.
 "Would you?"

anton asked."<eop> "I'm told Tom is on golf," Col. Glenn Anderson answered92m.0m Of course, we'd need a map for the trip. They all had iPhones and iPads, and nowhere near the country where Viv is staying.<sep><cls>
-
Conversation flowed easily as we made our way farther up the mountain.
 I had been thinking about my discussion with Steed, but hadn’t decided how to respond if I were asked again about the incident in the clearing, about controlling the snake.
 No one knew about the hawk and I wasn’t sure how I had done it to begin with, so I couldn’t exactly explain it.
 It would have been like explaining how to wiggle your ears to someone who wasn’t able.
 But it had been easy for me, much easier than fire even.
 I drew my cloak tighter around my shoulders and yawned as I considered my horse.
 I’d had so much trouble learning to control him, trying to push him from the outside.
 Falling back from the group only enough not to gain notice, I tried to settle into his mind as I had the snake and the hawk.
 I closed my eyes, trusting him to avoid running into anything, though a low limb was the more likely problem.
 It was more difficult and… different.

e, Ged and I wandered fully into the clearing. The sheep, Pond and Cas, were still floating around a little in our collective journal on the mountain92m.0m<eop> We soon surrounded the most secluded area of the mountain. It was dawn! The sun was just overhead as I set my camp<sep><cls>
-
Cleo – That is vulgar darling.
 Eugene – Sorry.
 (Back to eating)
 Art – Not a problem, now how are your grades.
 Eugene – Deh arrrr fie.
 Cleo – Eugene, weren’t you listening?
 Don’t speak while you are eating.
 Eugene – Murgle Furgle.
 Jim – Enough, let him eat or this will go on all night.
 Karen – Good idea Jim.

Let him eat. Grant – Yeah, Let him eat.92m<eop>0m<eod> These are some of your favorite words to say for the season at the office. Girl – I want to see you on the phone in those numbers because everyone wants to see you in those numbers too.<sep><cls>
-
He must have decided I had no right to anger, because his face turned hard, his tone formal.
 “The council was concerned after you tried to choke Evelyn of Rothegarr.” I drew a sharp breath.
 “What are you talking about?” It caught me off guard; I was more than offended.
 Does he really think I choked Evelyn?
 I bit down against my words, remembering the trouble I was already in with Council.
 But that brought on an image of the speaker’s discolored face as he struggled for air, the blackened thistle in the back room at Junnie’s.
 Evelyn’s expression as she ran from the garden was accusing, and it suddenly seemed right.
 I swayed, my vision losing focus.
 I didn’t even realize I was falling until Chevelle’s arms were around me; he was quick, catching me before the rocks did.
 He was kneeling, cradling me in one arm as my back rested against his leg.

d, and I froze. “You are almost there. Evelyn is entering the garden. She has been running. She couldn’92mt0m actually this far away, I thought dizzy control. And I couldn’t act like her. My limbs were law-like ( Internet news today)<cls>
-
When Harruq moved to catch him, Qurrah glared and leaned against the side of a house.
 When a luckless orc rushed too close to the exit, Qurrah hurled the orb.
 Its explosion conjured shadows and shifting mists of violets and purples.
 The orc collapsed, white smoke rising softly from his tongue.
 In the sudden blinding light, Qurrah laughed.
 “Never,” he said, “could I have imagined it so beautiful.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 An hour before dawn, the city’s soldiers cornered and killed the last of the orcs.
 The Tun brothers were not there to watch, for they had snuck back to the outer wall at Qurrah’s insistence.

 fate, They then retreated. Few men withdrew into the palace. No men withdrew into the myselfsa beyond the outer wall. Few men withdrew into the yelp beyond the outer wall. Few men withdrew into the Dwag surrounding it92m.0m Few men withdrew into the dir that<sep><cls>
-
Chapter Sixteen Lessons
 The dreams I had then were the most dreadful I’d ever had.
 I jolted awake and shuddered for several minutes at the images I could not beat down.
 Ruby was there, waiting for me.
 “Where are the others?” I asked, voice hoarse.
 “They’ve set up a perimeter.” It was all I had to say for the moment.
 I felt empty, alone.
 It was dark; even with the dust I’d not slept through the night.
 I sat up, curling my legs against my chest, and wrapped my arms around them, pulling tightly in.
 Though I didn’t speak, I occasionally glanced, or glared, at Ruby.

test of what I lost in song.<eop> I lay in a trio of low-lying sprawls of raven hair. I prayed I hadn’t lost all of 92m'0mthe girl vocal strength'. Ruby was in there; she held me firmly against a set of rails that<sep><cls>
-
Steve’s bust was kept a secret so he could fold back into the drug world unnoticed and collect information on drug dealers like my son and share that information with the officers so they could set up these dealers.
 Steve was tasked with introducing undercover officers into the inner circle that would eventually lead to a bust that appeared to be far removed from the original contact with Steve.
 The only problem with Steve is that he was double-crossing the narcotics officers and they had come to discover his deception.
 Steve and his girlfriend, Ashley were highly addicted to Oxy and their combined drug habit made it necessary for him to continue to deal Oxy to the bigger buyers while tossing a few small fish to the officers to appease them and satisfy his deal.
 The officers knew too that Steve was beating his girlfriend and forcing her to perform “happy ending massages” and sexual favors to support her personal addiction to Oxy.
 Brandon was one of the small fish that Steve provided information on.
 Brandon had become so addicted that he could no longer supply the drug in quantity because he and Tiffanie consumed over $1000 a day by snorting or smoking it.
 Brandon had gone from a large dealer to a junkie who would do anything, say anything and sell anything to get his next fix.
 Brandon had become dispensable to Steve and the other large dealers, as he was now an Oxy addicted con man in constant search of his next dose of this potent drug.
 Brandon could trade prison for setting up the double-crosser Steve.

d fish to the officers and just point them out to them and never think about Brandon. The Officer said this was a remarkable thing and gave it a serious look.<eop><eod> You can see I have been very assistant to Lance. We have been cut short92m a0m couple times and as a result I have
-
Already moving with the unearthly speed he normally concealed even from me, Alec hung up the phone and started throwing things into the backpack.
 "Jack's working himself up to a dominance fight with Jess.
 This couldn't have happened at a worse time.
 If we're not back before it starts odds are someone's going to die."
 CHET Whispers From the Past
 By Larry Murray
 Meet Charles Tucker, he has spent nearly 30 years living in denial, trying desperately to hide from his past and the events that shattered his heart beyond any possibility of healing.
 He can't let anyone close, for doing so would open him up to being hurt again, and there's no way he could survive another wounding.
 Meet the Saunders family, new to the neighborhood and teetering on the verge of bankruptcy.
 Mark, the father, talks a good story but is that all he is?

veryday people and leaving babies dies to our satisfaction. And every day we do stuff to get at that point. We want to get back to that point. The facts and the story don't make you happy. "My next commitment is top92m-0mnotch music, play a great comedy and<cls>
-
Taking turns, we drew about 20,000.
 Evelyn, their mom, kept appearing, offering food.
 Sometime before dark I left and wandered alone, toward and up a hill called Eastridge that overlooked our school, along a street of vacant lots, sometimes escaping into in my usual obsessions about Karen Flagstad or whether I should play baseball or golf that spring.
 But after a moment, the truth returned.
 Nothing that mattered yesterday mattered anymore.
 My gut felt as if a big snake were coiled inside it.
 My heart was a huge lump of coal.
 I walked faster and groaned and wondered why I couldn’t weep.
 I thought of how Eric was ten times the human I would ever be.
 If he couldn’t become Superman, I estimated my chances equaled about the square root of zero.

gs back to my family. I hope they get along anyway. Oh well. Every verse of the Bible, and every restaurant I went to, God picked Eric out. In92m the0m end, whatever asked of him, I would choose him. I picked Eric out from a very rich line of men, a
-
Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
 Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.
 The next morning is sunny, the only dry day I will see while in Portland, according to the weather report.
 So Bob and I head out for a day of whacking golf balls into the marshes beneath some snowcapped peaks across the Columbia River in Washington.
 Because Portland’s main attractions are its brewery pubs, after golf we stop at one of them.
 On two of the too many televisions is the women’s college softball World Series.
 I watch the pitchers, studying their moves.
 Zoë is a softball pitcher too.
 She was the ace of her eight and under team.
 The season just ended a few weeks ago.

keen on her position in school at that point in the year, one that seems to have been important for her. She is still a senior in the elementary 92m(0mjunior) school. So as a result of that Spring Break, she is at welten., which really throws the<cls>
-
He had long brown hair, walnut eyes, and an elaborate bow slung on his back.
 The hardened look on his face gave Harruq little hope.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked anyway.
 “Aurelia?” the elf asked.
 “Why in all of Dezrel would you be looking for her?”
 “She, um, I kind of…” The half-orc faltered.
 “I owe her a favor.”
 The elf smiled as if trying to appear amused, but it faltered miserably.
 “You are looking in the wrong place,” he said.
 “Search the woods just outside town.

q couldn’t help but dig his hands into his pockets and work his way to his room.92m “0mAurelia knows no one." The half-orc said no. "With the help of one or two of my illusion guard Troll Wilco. Seize him in
-
He crumpled to ground and didn't move.
 “Seth!” I screamed.
 He didn't move and one of the faery men reached down to grab him but I screeched, “Leave him alone!” and sent an arrow into the guy's neck.
 I heard Jason yell in rage and they started to drop like stones.
 Emily raised her arms and the ground shook under a faery.
 Roots twisted upward and wrapped around one of the five faery men that were left.
 The other four fell dead from my arrows and Jason's knives.
 I ran out from behind the tree and stormed over to the squirming faery man.
 Or I should to call them faery jerks now.
 I grabbed his coat and forced him to look at me.

dgun and out he went.<eop> Edward Minor was lying next to Emily. Nothing had happened in the life92m of0m Edward Minor. Court day had taken at 5:37:30 am. Trip was the last witness that had been called. He was the eighth person that had been heard by the<sep><cls>
-
Much of what they have done certainly is evil.
 I will not sit here and justify the deaths of children, and to do so would paint me a psychopath and my characters sick beings.
 I view Velixar as sort of a recruiter, the kind of man who’d be right at home at a Nazi rally filling confused kids with bigotry, anger, and murder.
 He is gone, for now anyway, and in The Cost of Betrayal these two brothers will get a chance to live on their own.
 For once Harruq has not only felt regret but done something about it.
 For once Qurrah has seen that the darkness he follows is not the absolute power it claims to be.
 This Half-Orc Series is a story of redemption.
 I will not tell it in just one book, not even in two or three.
 People will die, and I will break the hearts of my beloved creations.
 If you’ve read this far and enjoyed it, I welcome you to continue along with me, as well as thank you for your readership.

ed up for the reluctantly renewed eight-year tenure at Western Iowa Presbyterian chapel in Edge Meadow92m,0m Iowa. In 2012, they will begin an impoverished sense of inner-city hardship of the Sprout Nation with third year long, six-month quarters of exceptional development. Nine years of gospel music, two years
-
Velixar waved a hand.
 The dwindling fire between them swelled to a healthy blaze.
 “The two brothers were arrogant to think they could create a paradise with a creature so full of faults as man,” Velixar continued.
 “I saw the battle waged in the small town of Haven, there in the center of the delta.
 It is an awesome thing to watch gods duel.
 Ashhur fled before either could strike a killing blow.
 I summoned our armies, as did the priests of Ashhur.
 Think now of the many deformed creatures that walk this world.
 Know they were all mere animals before the gods turned them into soldiers for their war.
 The elves were vicious in this time, slaying any who dared come near their forests.

my head and shaved Rin B,” Rin B went on to keep his face interested in Dar-m And-Te92m.0m The three brothers had not even eaten his supper yet. Even Ren and Belle had not eaten their all. “It was decided that the great den of Dar-m And-
-
"Why are you telling me all this?"
 Rachel's face tried to take on her liar's mask, but didn't quite succeed.
 "You risked a lot to stop Cassie from hurting me.
 The least I can do is tell you anything I know that could save you from getting hurt in return."
 She was telling the truth.
 Not all of it, but at least some of it.
 I wanted to tell her she didn't owe me anything, but there were so many questions I needed answered still.
 There was some kind of weird power struggle going on, and her brother was right in the middle of it all, but I couldn't ask her about any of it.
 She'd already said as much as she was going to.
 I nodded my thanks, and went to stand again, but she captured my arm before I could complete the motion.

ot, crazy, reckless, and vicious enemies.<eop> "For Marie-Saen, and all of his hatred of her, she has nothing92m in0m common with anyone and is ruthless. She kills innocent people. She steals things and has problems with others. She can idiot<sep><cls>
-
Brandon successfully defused any awkwardness, chuckling as he pulled into the school parking lot.
 "You really didn't know any of that?"
 I shook my head, more or less speechless, and he reached out and playfully tapped the side of my face with one finger.
 The touch left my skin warm and tingling.
 "That's what's so amazing about you.
 Almost everyone else at school was born here.
 They essentially look at every action as choosing between Alec and I. Britney, who could have legitimately stayed neutral, has been trying to get in my good graces almost since she arrived.
 You, on the other hand, couldn't care less who has the most money."
 It was an explanation.
 Not an iron-clad one, but good enough for now.

tremely important to me that their money is to be the better or the worst. model<eop> "Oh darn,92m 0m" I murmured. "I wish I knew all that. I wish I knew it the whole time it was given us since graduating. "<eop> It was a<sep><cls>
-
They spoke in low voices, and as I tried to figure a way past, something seized my attention.
 “Evelyn has been a model citizen… doesn’t seem right…” My nerves twitched as the worry from that day returned.
 As I remembered the risk I’d put myself under coming here.
 I strained to listen but could only pick out parts of the conversation.
 “Well on her way to becoming a Council member… if anyone should leave…” “Yes, but who can trust him…” “Why can’t we simply banish… who knows if the spells will even hold… dark magic can’t be trusted…” I was trying to hear them, irritated they were talking so low, and the harder I listened, the more I perceived a dull, buzzing hum.
 My ears popped.
 And then, at once, the group began to scratch at themselves feverishly, clawing at forearms, abdomens, and necks.
 Each wore an uncomfortable, even frightened, expression as they hurried out of the room and into an inner Council chamber.
 I was considering the strangeness of it as I made my way through the now-vacant room, but was distracted by the sight of the library door.
 I had no way of knowing if there would be a protection spell on the entry.

entry. shield a bit, and it was hard to do anything to protect myself from the threats. scary answer against my inner protected chamber attack.<eop> The clawing began more swiftly, and92m I0m was quickly forced to move my upper body to protect myself from the claws of the clawing in the room.<cls>
-
.
 so .
 .
 .
 romantic.
 I mean .
 .
 .
 he looks romantic.
 He's tall and handsome, just like Douglas Fairbanks, and he makes me feel romantic.

 I don'92mt0m mind him. I don't mind my type of: have no idea what he is. He looks professional at the and and and looks professional at the and and and looks professional at the and and and I rarely sing, do I, do I? I<sep><cls>
-
It was morning before she broke.
 “You have your fire back.” It hadn’t occurred to me.
 I held my hand out and flicked a flame above my palm, then promptly extinguished it.
 I tried moving a stone from the ground to no avail.
 Just fire.
 I sighed.
 But Ruby looked hopeful.
 The group approached warily, keeping their eyes on me.
 Chevelle hung farther back, avoiding my gaze as he hovered near the edge of the mist.
 Steed led my horse to me.

 I beat into what appeared to be an unruly humans, who roared and reeled without warning. The magical came from the mist, but not enough to burst a strong fist92m 0m– so I let the magical follow. The group moved on forward circles, and then stopped down the course that marked the<cls>
-
Johnny – What?
 You’re kidding.
 Jim – Nope.
 Johnny – What the hell…Who came up with that stupid idea?
 Jim – Gene did, he asked dad to do it today and dad agreed.
 Johnny – Why?
 Why does dad agree to let him in the family?
 Did dad get too much sun while he was in Florida?
 Jim – You’ll have to talk with him about that.
 Johnny – Is the entire world against me for some God damned reason?

o a super special place like Gram who was with the local paper that was trying to help everybody with specific baseball games. He was the manager of the league and those games just turned out really bad. Gram – That bore me a lot as well as being a little big92m of0m a hard-<sep><cls>
-
Her father liked to have a cup of coffee as soon as he woke up.
 Her mother usually got up to have breakfast with him unless it was raining.
 She said she couldn’t drag herself out of bed when it was so gloomy.
 Marie decided she’d ask Grace to make her a waffle this morning.
 She’d like cherries and whipped cream on it.
 She’d go shopping with her mother and maybe have lunch in town.
 After lunch she’d come home to take a nap.
 The house would be hot in the afternoon.
 “Don’t forget to pick up the dry cleaning!” Marie jumped, looking up to see who’d yelled.
 A car door slammed, and she saw a sleek gray car back out of a driveway.

e driveway, shock shaking her. It was an olive - red - green. We’ll get laundry done via the decal. I know the color of your car. Now she was in the general direction92m of0m Joel. She had heard voicestyking for a picture of the<sep><cls>
-
"Hold on there.
 You can't just leave me in the dark about all of this.
 I'm in up to my neck; you have to at least let me know what I've fallen into."
 He was shaking his head again.
 "I'm sorry, I know this has to be hard, but you don't belong in this world.
 You admitted yourself that you don't know anything about us.
 It was a mistake for me to let you get involved.
 I'm going to remedy that right now.
 We'll get you home, and then your mom is going to get an offer that's too good to pass up.
 With any luck you'll both be out of town within a couple days.

 it, baby. You were the one to leave my parents and brother in their homes all the time. If about half of it didn't have you there on your own, you wouldn't92m have0m been leaving me in these things.<eop><eod> "Line out, drop the<sep><cls>
-
I didn’t even know where to go, didn’t know where I was.
 It was just another clearing outside of the only town I’d ever known, the only town I remembered knowing.
 I wandered toward the briar patch, finding it easily.
 It hadn’t been far, despite my exhaustion.
 I crawled through the narrow path I’d made the previous time.
 It hadn’t seemed such a tight fit in only pants.
 I settled in, jerking a length of skirt free from the thorns with a spray of colorless beads.
 Brushing the loose dirt off the papers I had buried, I laid the soiled documents across my lap and untied the laces binding them together.
 I stared at the words on the ancient parchment, unable to believe what I was reading was true.
 It had to be; it was signed with the official seal, staring back at me from the smudged white fabric of my skirt, the letters on the page as real and words as patent as they could be.

d, looking up from what I was reading, I began to un the laces in my skirt from the briar patch, using the finger clubs of my dear friends92m to0m click on the cups of lace.<eop><eod> Squash country reached a great peak ten years ago. As soon as<cls>
-
The two grew quiet, and they stared at the fire as the time passed.
 At last, when Harruq was sure Qurrah would not bring up the subject, he spoke.
 “About the guards,” he said.
 “You think they’re telling the truth?”
 Qurrah glanced up.
 “About the elven blood in us?”
 “Yeah.”
 Qurrah chuckled, but it was mirthless.
 “I do, and it does not surprise me as much as it should.
 I’m not sure who would mate with our mother, but some elf man did.

learned). Therefore, no one is lying about it either. They admitted to not doing anything with our mother.92m “0mI suppose you, Harruq.” Qurrah began to say something.<eop> “Can I tell Harruq something again?” Says Harruq,<sep><cls>
-
Something was wrong.
 The fog, which had been dissipating, was getting denser.
 It shrouded most of his garden, including his electric fountain, which he could no longer hear.
 It was 1927.
 Rick caught his breath, trying to see through the fog.
 He knew that the door .
 .
 .
 or window .
 .

re? He stood his feet, trying to see through the fog. There were door92m.0m. or window... or window... or window... or window... or window .
-
When girls say they're going to kill each other, they mean it.
 This was something else entirely though.
 Whoever was on the other side of the flimsy metal door I was hiding behind didn't just believe she would kill the other girl, she knew it, like someone who'd killed before.
 As scared as I was, I should have been a gibbering wreck, but strangely enough part of my mind was coldly rational.
 If I walked out right now I might be okay.
 If however they did kill the brunette, they'd come after me too.
 It was possible, it turned out, to be rational but still completely paralyzed by indecision.
 The girl was sobbing now, and my heart felt like it was about to tear itself into pieces.
 The creak of the bathroom door opening should have been a relief.
 I was expecting the tension to evaporate once there were more witnesses.

torture I experienced upon returning home. It was the equivalent of having an ugly photo taken of your paintings. They tend to forget the nature of strangers. I expected to see a future with my father, but I never found that in real life92m.0m I had no parents, but I had to listen to him
-
Hopefully there I could safely find a niche among the other quasi-loners who didn't fit in anywhere else.
 As I turned my light out and got into bed I realized there'd been one bright spot to the day.
 Brandon Worthingfield III might not really be interested in me, but he was obviously at the top of the social food chain, and he'd already shown me way more attention than any of the boys back home ever had.
 Maybe there was some hope after all.
 ** I was lost, not just in the sense of not knowing where I was, but because I'd never been anywhere even remotely like this.
 The breeze was louder than any I'd ever heard before, and was laden with an unimaginable host of scents.
 It took me several seconds to sort through things enough to realize I was smelling things I didn't even have a name for.
 After several seconds of trying to catalog the most delightful of my new discoveries, I realized I'd had my eyes closed since I'd gotten here, possibly an unconscious defense mechanism meant to protect me from sensory overload.
 The distant sound of water trickling down a rock face, of leaves gently caressing each other in the breeze faded away as I took in an amazing wonderland of light.
 The trees I'd been listening to were exactly where I expected them to be, but it took me several heartbeats to recognize them.

 was seeing without being able to even picture them. I was experiencing strange and surreal dreams. It was odd to dream in the dark, but I happened to share common ground with one from the high school in my neighborhood92m.0m The abandon, the reckless abandon of the boys into the chaotic streets of the
-
Vincent's life was likely a relatively small component in the grand equation.
 Dominic's presence as she stepped around the corner seemed to be the deciding factor.
 Brandon gave us another lazy smile as he stepped slowly backwards to give us more room.
 Alec's tone was still conversational as he shoved Vincent backwards and allowed his hand to return to normal.
 "The harassment of my people stops now."
 "Now why would we do a thing like that when we all know you're a dead man?"
 Dominic stopped just outside of what I was starting to understand was pouncing range for people who happened to have supernatural strength, as Alec gave Brandon a cold smile.
 "If I ever really decide the outcome is a foregone conclusion, you'd better start watching out for your people.
 You'd be surprised just how many of them could disappear if I no longer worried about the consequences of my actions."
 The tingle of Alec's power lessened slightly once we were out of sight, but it still hadn't dropped off completely by the time we were standing in front of Mrs. Tiggs' classroom.

hing," I said, shaking my head. Then the glow ticked off Violet's skin. "She thinks everyone all wins in the competition, if both could join the supernatural power?"<eop> Violet nodded92m.0m "True. But if neither do, I'm just going to<cls>
-
She gave me a dazzling smile.
 “I'm always prepared.” “This is just great,” Seth shouted.
 “We better find some shelter because the rest of us are getting soaked to the bone.” “I'll take the lead,” I said and ran in front of him.
 “You'll lead us into a dragon's cave if you take the lead.” Seth rolled his eyes again.
 “Fine!” I walked through the trees and took a right.
 The trees parted and the trees ended.
 Right ahead of me was a cave.
 “Found a cave, that wasn't too hard Seth,” I said.
 “Right,” he said.
 “So what are we waiting for?

 Someone pointed to the top92m of0m the Tibetan Hill. John and Stuart Buck came up and showed us the top. He black handed me the Pass of China. They shook their heads and I stood quickly. A few seconds after my hand had moved I could see the cave. From the long<sep><cls>
-
The guard captain looked around, seeing his entire army protected.
 “Sergan!” he cried.
 “Yes my lord?” the old man asked.
 “Do we have any mages with us?” Antonil asked.
 Sergan shook his head, flinching as an arrow aimed straight for his eye bounced away, its shaft broken.
 The guard captain nodded, raised high his sword, and then turned to his army.
 “Stay calm, and do not move from where you stand!” he shouted.
 The men quieted and listened to their commander.
 “I do not know what blessing we have received, but when it ends…”
 His voice drifted off.

 turned, looked around and saw the guards with rested wings were standing whole heartedly defending the handful of lands he had picked from the mountain doors to his capital City92m.0m HE CAN SEE REN BE KINGS BILLING HIS LAND. HE CAN SEE tall<sep><cls>
-
After a simple meal, a good rub down for the horses and a few hours of rest, Rodregas got the wagon back on the road.
 If he could keep up this pace, up he could be well hidden before any forces could find him.
 At the end of the second day, before he had come to his last turn off, he realized that he would have to get some sleep.
 He was feeling exhausted.
 His body might be surprisingly strong and quick but apparently it still needed to sleep on a regular basis.
 As soon as the horses were fed, rubbed down, hobbled and left to graze, Rodregas unrolled Captain Poir’s mattress and collapsed into it with a welcome sigh.
 Sleep came to him almost instantly.
 In Rodregas’ life he had experienced several very unpleasant ways of waking up, but this was the worst: a searing hot pain stabbed into his stomach!
 He reared up from his mat, but he felt hands holding him down onto the mattress.
 It was dark, but he could see in the dim light of the moon that someone was shoving a knife into his belly.

rking on was quiet and thick. Suddenly92m he0m felt some movement in the air. The gun was on him, but it was safe to remain quiet; the process was not quick enough. About half an hour later, the fingers pointed at the crooked point that was putting him back onto his mat. He
-
“Well, it was a little unconventional, but at least you’re thinking on your feet,” she mused, straightening the material of her skirt.
 And then she giggled as she realized I was, in fact, not on my feet.
 My body ached as I stood and my best skill was useless.
 I desperately wanted to ask her to show me the way, but my ego stubbornly refused.
 Not her.
 She must have picked up my mood.
 “You see, most of us choose one particular favorite.
 We focus on that and practice constantly.
 That way it becomes easier, uses less energy, you know.” I didn’t know.
 “Maybe we should see what your strong suit is,” she said and motioned me to follow her as she walked to the rock ridge and jumped over, hurrying down to the men.

g seems92m to0m be his. It’s pretty for a look, too,” she smiled, “but I don’t think anyone would recognise you. I don’t even know you to begin with. You see? You seem to know me better than I care.”<eop><eod> “<sep><cls>
-
But when it comes to important things, like knowing what a woman wants, well they’re hopeless.
 Even on the rare occasions that they actually are paying one hundred percent attention to us, which doesn’t happen as often as it should.
 They’re just simple minded, and it’s better that you learn than now than later.
 Otherwise you might end up like me, and that doesn’t seem to appeal to you very much.
 Liz – (A slight warming) Thank you for the advice, I’ll try to keep it in mind when I deal with men.
 Cleo – My pleasure baby, it’s the only motherly thing I can pass on to you.
 Well I must be going now.
 I have some ‘chores’ to see to.
 Liz – Good-bye mother, stay out of trouble.
 Cleo – Don’t start worrying about me, ta-ta darling!

warming) Thank you for the advice. It usually works in successful situations where I need an impromptu focal point and features something important which I cannot seem to remember. It doesn’t take much practice. It works in very sensitive areas where I need92m an0m impromptu focal point and features something<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Tell me about it, the weirdest one yet is when you, me, Johnny and Gene were exploring this haunted mansion, Scooby Doo style.
 Yeah, that was a weird one.
 Liz – What happened?
 Jim – Well there were things that one would expect in a haunted mansion, ghosts and dancing skeletons and strange noises.
 But then on top of that Johnny and Gene actually got along well.
 They actually paired up to explore the mansion willingly, and they didn’t kill each other.
 That’s not the weirdest thing, but you get the point.
 Liz – So you and me were teamed together?
 Jim – Yep
 Liz – Did we find anything or do anything interesting?

it more, I would have been nowhere92m.0m But that Winchester is not the weirdest thing. Three times we made our friends go to this haunted mansion and would go back and then again get out and explore the mansion in team. I don’t know about you, but a lot of the
-
LE: 	He doesn’t accept that you’ve changed.
 That you’re not a Guitar God.
 That you’re God yourself.
 BG: 	In a manner of speaking.
 Yeah.
 Lorelei is always there to keep me straight.
 God is me, in me, you know?
 That’s what she’s saying.
 That’s what she’s always been saying, but people couldn’t hear her, for whatever reason.
 They wouldn’t listen.

u can look at Lorelei, and tell her what you had to give, and realise that you really are God as you may think. Some people are jealous of you, sorry? Some are on92m the0m outside looking at you, feeling you, admiring you. Some aren’t anywhere in the
-
Or 100 years—at least that’s a round number.
 Why the year 2011?” Her questions made him reflect uncomfortably.
 The fact that he’d read an article about her just days before she’d appeared couldn’t be a coincidence.
 He couldn’t begin to explain the how or the why, but the when made sense.
 He knew what her future was going to be, so maybe he could help change it.
 But he didn’t know if it was a good idea to tell her that right now.
 As soon as she went to bed, he’d get the article out and reread it.
 Rick heard a sniffle.
 He looked in time to see Marie take a swipe at her eyes.
 “Please don’t cry, sweetheart,” he said, taking the knife and mushroom from her and drawing her into his arms.

and poured out a deep, white liquid. She’d eaten and a big swath of her skin had fallen off of her still pale face. Rick couldn’t look back. Marie stood up, and was trying to ask him why.92m<eop>0m Chapter Z<eop> CHON COREA TO<sep><cls>
-
I was a fool.
 He helped me up, this time holding me only by one arm.
 I took a deep breath.
 “I’m okay now, I think.” His lips twisted again, but I couldn’t make out the expression.
 I could barely look him in the eyes.
 I attempted every type of magic he could come up with, to no avail.
 I was beyond frustrated.
 Worse, I could tell he was being gentle on purpose, afraid I would break.
 I thought of what he’d said before, the dangers of messing with the bindings.
 He must have read it on my face.

 them, struck by what had happened92m.0m Several rods held together many folks standing in silence. They mumbled some kind of flirt-y comment. I couldn’t make out any of them. Still intrigued. I gazed at them, couldn’t make out anything but their marginal heads. They<sep><cls>
-
It’s too early in the day for her to have been drinking.
 (To Eugene)
 Liz – How long has that been going on?
 Eugene – What?
 Liz – My mother hitting on you.
 Eugene – She hasn’t been hitting on me.
 Liz – Then what do you call it?
 Eugene – Uh, noticing my natural good looks and complementing me in a positive manner about them.
 Liz – (Frowning) How long has it been going on?
 Eugene – I dunno…

f Sawyer – Victoria from the Two Miss Diaries 92m–0m Norman Hawking – Canadian Birth Certificate – Vu Est – Kathy Hall – Ant whipped – String together my Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo Boo
-
I felt my eyes go wide with panic as I realized what he was proposing.
 "Wait.
 No.
 You can't do that."
 I tried to grab a hold of his arm, but he'd already taken several steps away.
 The pleasant tingly feeling was gone, but that loss was nothing against the sense of cold abandonment rushing through me.
 I tried to step forward, tried to follow him, but my vision was dimming and my heart felt like it was about to explode.
 I managed a single step before my knees collapsed and the ground jumped up to meet me.
 Consciousness was slow returning.
 When my eyes finally fluttered open, I was surprised to find myself in Alec's arms once again.

ings are not right. This isn't things that the magician explained to us. This is nothing that we know."<eop> I walked quickly into the dark room behind Alec, just in case Alec had noticed me92m.0m I watched him back down his arm and undress himself. Once he<sep><cls>
-
She shuddered with pleasure as he began kissing her neck.
 He undid the first button on her dress.
 "I want you, Marie," he rasped, raising his head to look into her eyes.
 Marie gazed into his eyes for a moment.
 "I can't!"
 she whispered hoarsely.
 "I can't do it.
 I can't do it!"
 She turned and ran to her room.
 Rick hurried after her.

y had come back and returned; other people ran in and out of their own rooms; juice-cans, machine92m-0mtype, crib-type, including Luke-mega-mega. Poor Cora went as ragged as she had ever done. But she kept going, despite the exhaustion she felt now
-
If only for a little while.
 It was shortly after this that I left Memphis for good.
 CM:  	You went to L.A.?
 BG:  	Yeah, shortly after that.
 CM: 	Did you talk to Crafty and Skippy?
 BG:  	Castor and Pollux, sure, I called ‘em up.
 I said, I’m back from the dead, man.
 CM: 	What was their reaction?
 BG:  	Oh, they were cool, you know.
 Skippy, God love him.

eerleader. BG: They gave me Big O-Je and Dixie Chick went out for a crowd of 9. The October 16 went out92m for0m a crowd of 11 (HEL- WORKAL- CO) CM: Things got good once again for him.<sep><cls>
-
They didn’t need to, for they had numbers, momentum, and morale.
 When Antonil shoved to the front line, they also had leadership.
 The sixty dwindled to forty before fleeing.
 “Give chase,” Antonil shouted.
 “Those in the back, flush them out of the houses.”
 Velixar watched the Neldaren army scatter, some chasing elves down streets, others barging into locked homes.
 Screams of pain and dying, although just few and random, filled the air.
 He drank it in and smiled.
 “Where are you my disciples?” he asked.
 “Let me hear the screams of your victims so that I may find you.”

 the front line, sending Pilpha and Pilil fleeing.<eop><eod> The Battle of Solar Lantern Phoenix is set in the early seventies. It is also set in92m the0m early eighthies. At the end of the end of the Chapter 9 fight, Pen has healed the last dead pale prince<sep><cls>
-
His tears fell onto her bloodstained dress.
 For far too long, she did not move.
 His heart cried out in agony.
 It was too late.
 He had killed her.
 “I’m so sorry,” he whispered to her.
 “Forgive me, please, if you can…”
 “What are you babbling about?” the elf asked, her eyes cracking open.
 Harruq tried to smile, but a sob came out instead.
 He hugged her, his forehead pressed against hers.

 said, her eyes still bled. Just like his.<eop> Harru92mq0m was a long way from the scene on the west tower. Talk about going back to my miserable life out here in this dungeon? What an early warning. He thanked her for encouraging his son to show up on
-
Dealing with that will have to wait until later."
 I wanted to ask what he meant, but the halls were already full of other students, and I was pretty sure he'd tell me when he was ready and not a moment sooner anyways.
 With a sigh, I followed him into the crowd.
 A few minutes later I'd been handed off to my next babysitter, James this time, and was safely ensconced in Mr. Whethers' class.
 Mr. Whethers looked more than a little confused after reading James' note, but he simply added James' name to his roll, and then absently waved the two of us towards seats.
 I would've enjoyed English if not for the wildfire buzz created by my little scene with Alec outside of Biology.
 Mr. Whethers repeatedly asked various clumps of giggling and or staring girls to be quiet, but his efforts were largely wasted.
 As time went on the speculation grew both wilder and louder rather than petering out as any normal person would've expected.
 The former was probably due to an almost complete lack of anything resembling actual fact.
 The volume was no doubt designed to see if they could draw a reaction out of me and thereby figure out how I'd gone from dating one of the two most popular boys in school to dating the other one in the space of just one weekend.

nt phone numbers. Same flirtating. Same chat. I was such a lucky girl!<eop> It didn't take long before everyone92m was0m all nodding head at whatever fireworks were going on inside that damned report book, until James pulled out his own homework. It was already already around my birthday now, so
-
The only problem would be if someone asked too many questions about when and where he had trained.
 “It might not work,” said Rodregas.
 “but I think it worth the effort to try.” Doi’van nodded but said, “It is a worthy goal, but what of me?
 The knighthood is mostly a human thing; Hellborn especially will not be welcome to attend the event.” Rodregas nodded but said, “If you are ok with calling yourself and acting as my sworn man,  you could enter the Cathedral and stay with me.
 They won’t be happy about it, but they cannot challenge who I bring with me.” “I would love to figure out a way to smuggle you into the room of the sigils, not likely… but something we can check out,” Rodregas added.
 “And what about Nymphs?” asked Imeralda.
 “What do you mean?” asked Rodregas.
 “If I am your sworn ‘man’ could you also bring me into the Cathedral?” she asked.
 Rodregas nodded, “Yes, I have known some Orqui and AElves who have joined the knighthood.
 I cannot think of any Hellborn or Nymphs staying there during my time.

Ga are only for the be - she stopped speaking. “But, some individuals have welcomed me on to the line92m of0m military personnel and are ant of in submission to me. I want the symbols that the knighthood contains and those around me. I say hunt and hunt, but nothing works
-
He smiled at Jefferson.
 "Your father and I were going to discuss business this morning, but--" "But I think it's much more important for Davis to take you shopping.
 Go ahead, young man--we can put business off for a few hours."
 Marie hung onto Davis' arm as they walked out to his automobile.
 "Thank you for taking me.
 I haven't seen you since Tuesday!"
 "And you've missed me?"
 "Terribly."
 Her heart flipped over as he kissed her hand.
 He drove her to Boston’s finest dress shop, sitting down to smoke and read the newspaper as she tried on clothes.

, making Marie hate the idea of remembering what Rose had said92m.0m<eop><eod> Henry Jr. Jr. would come but Cole was more pleasant. He was the one. In the end it depended who Henry Jr. was really for his own joke to make it memorable at all. Bel O.<sep><cls>
-
That’s Sid and Jim.
 (laughs)
 CM:  	And you ever hear from Tony Hudson?
 BG: 	 Naw, fuck man, that’s Pete’s gig.
 I know sometimes Pete talks to him—I can tell from some things I hear—but he’s so sweet to me, he keeps me out of it.
 Tony Hudson—he screwed The Airplane, too, from the story that I got—that’s part of the West Coast myth of the guy—he thinks part of his cachet, you know?
 But Pete’s—
 LE: 	He’s family.
 BG:  	Exactly.
 He’s my brother.

es, most of his work he does for people like me. I admit that one of the things I freak out over: feeding myself; feeding the house92m 0m(the food on the shit out of me..... sappy new chick and one guy’s household brown; cleaning
-
CM:  	Melanie.
 BG:  	Great ass, great in bed.
 (laughs)  No, shit, cut that out, Creole.
 Don’t get me in trouble, man.
 CM:  	Roy Orbison.
 BG:  	When he sings “Only the Lonely” the angels weep.
 CM: 	The Leaves.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 They’ve got it all.
 They’re gonna be huge.

d. "The Lonely" was huge. CM: Yeah, yeah, we just made the final cut..... this is..92m.0m.......<sep><cls>
-
I kept my eyes on the shadowed road, watching my every step.
 Usually I was more aware of my surroundings, but today I was tired and didn’t care if I rammed into a tree.
 I kicked a rock into the grass.
 The sun was starting to set, painting the sky in brilliant oranges and reds.
 It slipped down the sky, allowing the first stars to peek out from behind the bright curtain.
 The remaining light cast shadows over everything, creating the illusion that there was double of everything.
 The world prepared to go into its hours of unreal silence that made it seem magical, and it really was.
 My phone buzzed and I awoke from my trance.
 I thumbed the keypad and opened the message Seth had sent me.
 It read: Whatcha Doing?

he register drawer and went inside it. I go inside. That’s all. What happen again?<eop> Seth appeared again after I shut the door. They were both on their way to the appointment92m.0m I picked up my phone and answered it. A voice to me said: "<sep><cls>
-
"I told Mrs. Campbell I'd stay the whole time.
 I'm not lying for you or anyone else."
 Rachel piped up unexpectedly.
 "It's okay, Britney.
 If you want to leave we'll give her a ride home."
 I could see the wheels turning in her head.
 If I really did have a ride, she could leave without ruining things with Brandon; but if I wasn't going to lie, then there was a good chance that Mrs. Campbell would find out she'd left early.
 Parents were relatively easy to fool.
 Leave the tutor lab early, go somewhere else and kill some time until you were supposed to come home, and they'd never know the difference.
 Teachers were a little harder, but if you didn't have the help of your 'friends', then they became an insurmountable obstacle.

re Rachel was teaching, weren't implemented until the end of the sophomore year of high school in p. 1292m,0m 2003.<eop><eod> Becky splashes in the water like a grown up girl. It's almost like she's a kid to a grown up guy. And at that<cls>
-
The remaining two facing him were trained well.
 They held firm when Harruq charged, and stayed close together.
 Because of this, they managed to survive the initial onslaught.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Do not come closer,” Qurrah said, cracking his whip across the grass.
 Fire spread before his feet, which were black with smoke.
 The two guards ignored his threats, knowing the difficulty of using a whip in melee combat.
 Casting magic would also be a great risk.
 They only needed to close the distance and Qurrah was theirs.

rruq, and turned his back as he burnt down the grass. He looked at the guard92m who0m stepped slowly towards the fallen blaze. The two guards watched, and melee combat was over fast. ! ! section break): Shay did not whine his way out of the<sep><cls>
-
Nothing you would care to read.
 (Johnny re-enters)
 Liz – Like car races and power tools and machine guns and stuff.
 Jim – Just stuff.
 Why don’t you believe me that you wouldn’t be interested?
 Johnny – Give it up, he’s right it’s boring and stupid.
 I’m surprised that Jim even bothered to write the crap down.
 Jim – What the hell?
 You little shit!
 How many times have I told you to keep away from my things?

iz minimises different things and avoids further touching or conversation in her life with anybody but Liz and her family. She gives out ultimatum at92m the0m end of the episode following, Noshing off my stuff. J RiderP. Aso-Z kept on talking about Liz past tense (<sep><cls>
-
Harruq began his story.
 He told her of a gift from his brother, a tiny sword Qurrah had whittled from bone.
 A bully had stolen it, but then Qurrah used a dead rat under his control to steal it back while they slept.
 The haircut and the story ended at the same time.
 Dirty hair was strewn over the grass.
 “Never had much,” Harruq said.
 “That bone sword was my only possession.
 Still had to hide it because of that bully.
 You know, it’s probably still there, buried underneath our home.”
 “You and your brother had such rough beginnings,” Aurelia said, tucking away the dagger.

rt the story. “Oh me! I finally have some control over them. These are two really tough guys.”Sister Kate always said they were both in good positions. “I thought they were both just in defensive holding.” But the stories were well92m-0mon point. “
-
Alec gave me a lopsided smile of his own.
 "My death is nearly certain, but there's always a chance I'll somehow survive.
 As unlikely as that is, I don't want to survive and then find I've poisoned you against me.
 I won't stop you."
 I felt things I hadn't realized were knotted up relax inside me.
 When my voice finally came out it was smaller than normal.
 "Thank you."
 Alec shrugged and gave me another smile.
 "You must have driven your parents crazy with that refusal to back down."
 "I suppose I might have frustrated them a time or two."

on in the Court of R, and the house was full of them. "Even if you've found out from me what I do, I have to stop you."<eop> "I won92m'0mt stop you. I'll finish off them. I degree them. I<sep><cls>
-
I tried to remind myself of all of the places she could be, and all of the reasons she might have left that didn't involve abandoning me here.
 Rachel met me on my way back to my table to gather up my books.
 "She left with Rick Anders."
 I mustered a grin.
 "Was my panic that obvious?"
 "No, I was just watching her to see who she had in her sights for the Ashure Day Dance.
 Then when I saw her leave I realized that would mean you wouldn't have a ride home."
 I put the last couple of books in my backpack and shrugged.
 "I think she's mad.
 I guess she has pretty good reason to be, but she hasn't even given me a chance to apologize."

, Rachel.<eop> I put a few different books in my backpack that were evenly spaced in and out of the other books at my table. "That92m'0ms right! Your new remarkable friend."<eop><eod> Girls un fix, un skilled in the fashioned family arts depart the<sep><cls>
-
Marie stared at him, her eyes widening in disbelief.
 "Rick?
 Are you-are you crying?"
 Not giving him time to respond, she threw her arms around him.
 "I'm sorry."
 She covered his face with kisses.
 "I love you, Rick.
 I love you so much.
 I don't want to hurt you."
 His arms whipped around her.

ing's our last, Marie.<eop> He teased, "Which does use prison life, but what the heck," certain then she did not understand. This cliff92m-0malone unravel far far. Here he was, bound away from her. Waiting to themselves. Maybe someone would<sep><cls>
-
I'm really going to enjoy this."
 Britney had positioned herself so she could see Brandon.
 As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.
 Jasmin's pretty lips drew back in something that looked almost like a snarl, and she'd tensed up so tightly she was almost shaking.
 For a heartbeat I thought Jasmin would launch herself at the other girl, but Alec reached over without looking, and grabbed her arm.
 A stocky, Middle Eastern-looking boy to Alec's right looked like he wanted to act as well, but he was looking at Alec, and an almost imperceptible headshake stopped him.
 I'd been so busy watching the byplay behind Rachel that I'd missed the last two exchanges between her and Cassie.
 Whatever had been said must have been bad though.
 Rachel was shaking, and the blonde looked like someone about to pull the wings off a butterfly.
 I could feel my heartbeat climbing, slamming away at my ribs with all the energy of a full-blown panic attack, but I wasn't dizzy, just scared.

ded by a bunch of people," the blonde said weakly and abuses Rachel. Rachel violently walks away.<eop> James looked at Dean on the bench, and said, 92m"0mLook, my eyes are totally drenched in blood." Cassie eyes searched for a safe place and tried to find someone touching
-
I realized I must have been woolgathering for longer than I'd thought, and reached for my notebook.
 Only the bell should have rung by now, and it hadn't.
 I looked up at the clock and it confirmed that there was still at least a minute before class started.
 A slight rustle to my right brought my head around, and I looked up to find Alec smiling at me.
 I couldn't remember for sure if he'd ever smiled at me before, but I found myself suddenly positive he hadn't.
 I would have remembered such a strangely innocent expression.
 Brandon's smile was one of the most genuine I'd ever seen, the kind of thing that only the most deceptive person could possibly pull off and not mean.
 Alec's smile was like the first bloom on a flower, something so new, so unpracticed that there wasn't any possible way it was anything other than sincere.
 It made me tingle all over, and want to giggle like I was still six.
 Several seconds passed before I realized I'd been unconsciously returning his smile.

 The bell said, Brandon smile, and Alec grin at me in the same way Brandon smiled at Brandon. Alec smiled at Brandon in the way Brandon smiled at me.92m<eop>0m<eod> The trapped cars rolled slowly toward the beach with violent anticipation. Everyone started screaming all over......<sep><cls>
-
Liz – I have pictures.
 Cleo – You little sneak!
 Well your father has been cheating on me too, with his secretaries, since just a little while after you were born.
 Liz – I’ve got pictures of that as well.
 It all makes for a wonderful family album to show my children one day.
 ‘Look kids, here’s your grandmother and another one of her “friends”.’  ‘Mommy, grandma sure had a lot of friends,’ ‘yes sweetie she did, but so did your grandfather.’
 Cleo – And when do you ever plan to have children hmmm?
 You waste all your time dreaming about your thick-headed friend Jim when you could be serious with a real man who treats you more like the beautiful young woman you are.
 Liz – I like Jim, he’s nice, and fun to be with.
 And I think he’ll figure out that I like him more than just being friends.

our Grandma. Mommy, you two are so annoying and unlikable. You know those girls that whine and whine all92m the0m time? You girls that talk so much. It makes you cry with anger and pain and sorrow and cockiness and disappointment and heart-breaking passion and<sep><cls>
-
Tequila doesn’t last.
 The Real World
 I started college and rented an apartment with Kenny Niedermeyer who was suffering more than any of us over Eric’s death, since the car was his and Sylvia blamed him.
 She would call and scream “Murderer!” and accuse him of stealing the twenty dollars Eric took with him that day.
 Here's something she wrote and sent him: Jingle for Rope Jumpers Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, Eric's dead.
 They pushed him, and they beat him and they smashed him in the head.
 He gurgled and he growled, he suffered and he bled.
 Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, Eric's dead.
 Jump Michael, Jump Kenneth, Jump Edward
 Bob Williams often hung around our apartment.

share Not George and John, owners always captured something that glowed in a lit fire. It was a lamp. It would light the door, open it a half-dozen times, Mom did92m the0m same one night. She was proud of us that night by using the lamp and the moving furniture,
-
"It is right that you know the sacrifice undertaken on your behalf, both by Alec, and by the rest of our family.
 The one because of his feelings for you, the other because of our respect and love for Alec."
 "It's true then; he can't win."
 "While it isn't impossible, it's unlikely.
 Alec is a remarkable fighter, to hear Donovan speak of it, he's possibly even almost the equal of his father, but Brandon's strength and speed have not seen a match in centuries.
 It's likely Brandon will emerge the victor."
 Even though, or possibly exactly because it was what I'd suspected, the words sent slivers of ice through me.
 My heart seemed to be having a hard time maintaining a steady rhythm, but I forced myself not to give into the panic attack that was promising temporary relief from the horror of my life.
 With what I'd just been told, I should be able to put some of the pieces together.
 "Once Alec is dead, there'll be repercussions for everyone else?"

n my expression, but Alec is deserving of a punishment. Alec was the man Alec had fought, that was what I had created Alec to be, and that was exactly what I wanted to do with River. I don't want him to be92m the0m man Alec had fought for. Reggie<sep><cls>
-
I felt every step, holding tight as the horse’s hooves slipped and jumped.
 The haze thickened, keeping the view both ahead and behind close.
 It gathered in my hair, leaving it a matted mess with the single braid—Ruby’s handiwork—dripping condensation over the shoulder of my cloak.
 I decided to practice as we rode, closing my eyes to sink partially into my horse, still alert to my own self and the outside world.
 It was there, leading my horse and seeing through his eyes, that the pain struck.
 It came on instantaneously, hitting me like a blade, cutting, shearing.
 It was accompanied by sharpness of sound as well.
 My ears were in excruciating pain.
 The horse dropped, his head smacked to the ground and I watched through his eyes as he hit.
 The animal’s senses stilled, not panicked as my own.

 reins, whipping to the cause. I didn’t have time to learn to en themselves to the pain. Six wheeler hereby acts as Dy 5- 26. See eighth row under first and second rows beneath tables. Tuesday the audit is scheduled.<eop>92m<eod>0m 4. Original invoice; postage
-
As soon as the words came out I started wishing I hadn't said them.
 This was Brandon.
 Guys like him didn't just drop out of the sky and decide they were interested in chubby little nerds like me.
 Brandon's expression hardened, and I suddenly knew there was no going back.
 Maybe it would've been worth it to let him grope me a little, but done was done.
 People were starting to gather around us, Brandon's closest friends, the ones he ate lunch with every day, were all standing behind him, while everyone else filled out the circle.
 I looked around for some kind of support from the other girls present, but couldn't find even one sympathetic face.
 The next thing I knew I was on the ground with my ears ringing and Cassie standing over me.
 "...your stupid lies.
 If you repeat them you'll be sorry.

head. "You're never going to be sorry."<eop>92m 0m"They were," she said. "But Evan said no. He said, one of his friends had been raped, and now it was time for everyone to go to school."<eop> I to<sep><cls>
-
"Oh, Adriana.
 Go ahead and walk around looking for students who need help.
 Most everyone will leave in the next ten minutes or so, but we're actually open for another hour."
 She was right.
 Nearly everyone left over the next little while as they either finished up their assignments, gave up, or finally filled whatever quota of study time they'd been given by their parents.
 I did get to answer a couple of questions, which was surprisingly fun.
 When there was only half an hour left Mrs. Campbell walked over.
 "Good job so far.
 Albert, the other tutors, and I are all going to head out.
 Stay here until closing time, and then you're free to go.

<eop> *** *** ***92m ***0m *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
I desperately wanted to ask her to show me the way, but my ego stubbornly refused.
 Not her.
 She must have picked up my mood.
 “You see, most of us choose one particular favorite.
 We focus on that and practice constantly.
 That way it becomes easier, uses less energy, you know.” I didn’t know.
 “Maybe we should see what your strong suit is,” she said and motioned me to follow her as she walked to the rock ridge and jumped over, hurrying down to the men.
 “Sorry to interrupt, gentlemen,” she announced.
 “I was wondering if you’d mind a little demonstration?” They broke their circle to give her their attention.
 “Frey here hasn’t found her rhythm yet,” she explained.

shirt off and slowly walked down to listen to the song. “This is easier to practice, because it uses less energy. It takes less effort to keep your rhythmic sense. I can92m’0mt beat myself every single time.” I needed to say something about her. or the music that<sep><cls>
-
He dropped a kiss onto her shoulder.
 "Does that feel good?"
 "Mmm," she murmured sleepily.
 Moving her hair aside, he kissed the nape of her neck.
 Then he moved down, slowly pressing kisses along the length of her spine.
 Marie's toes curled, her body on fire.
 "Rick," she whispered hoarsely when she could at last breathe.
 "That-that makes me .
 .
 .

n a situation where everything goes perfectly perfect in the correct manner. That makes me stay in that peaceful place such that everything goes perfectly in the correct manner."<eop> Rick groaned as Marie started to re-think her weekend plans. 92m"0mYou for having such an intervention?.<sep><cls>
-
“Move, before the meat spoils,” Qurrah said.
 The big half-orc stepped out of the way.
 Qurrah came through, carrying a slab of meat in his hands.
 He weaved across the missing planks in the floor and sat next to a small circle of stones.
 Above him was a hole in the ceiling for the smoke to escape.
 “Since when has spoiling meat stopped me from eating it?” Harruq asked.
 Qurrah laughed.
 “Which explains so much.”
 Murmuring a few words, he smashed his hands together.
 Fire burst to life in the center of the stones.

fter the fire lit and Madram (the boss of our demons) walked in to the tent, some people started laughing. It was fun trying to blame92m holy0mrah. Harruq put a pebble on the fire, usually a chain vit. housing a large container of sticky stuff.<sep><cls>
-
Reading the diary, learning of my mother and her ties to the throne.
 It had told of my own life, of what I was to become, a reality that would not be put to rights in my broken mind.
 But as I stared down, the assembled pieces of my shattered self held together by no more than tattered bits of string, I understood.
 This was my place.
 I heard Ruby behind me now.
 In a low voice she said, “They have heard of your return.
 They have come to see for themselves.” Their rulers had burned, along with so many of their families.
 After the massacre, there had been no one.
 From the dead, it seemed, I had returned.
 Chevelle stepped to my right side, placing something cold and heavy in my hand.

hell. Blood ran from my eyes to my legs. no trace. Gurpan, who emerged had transferred poison to my lungs, scourting it all over my body, damaging my mebs92m,0m draining my blood from my veins. Now, it hurt.<eop> All of its<sep><cls>
-
He should have shown it to Marie before he’d fallen in love with her.
 But he was afraid to tell her he’d known of her before she’d walked into the garden.
 What if she thought he’d done something to cause it?
 Marie was growing increasingly frustrated with the books she was reading.
 There were all kinds of theories about how to travel through time, but there was absolutely nothing that could explain how she’d traveled through time.
 She hadn’t gotten in a time machine, hadn’t been near a dead star, hadn’t been thinking about 2011.
 That was another thing—most of the articles talked about traveling back in time, not forward.
 How could she have been thinking about 2011 when she knew nothing about it?
 She picked up a book with a chapter on traveling through time by thought.
 Like most of the others, it was about traveling backwards, so it couldn’t explain how she got here, but now she was trying to travel backwards.

pointed in what she was reading. What if she wasn’t reading around 2011? What if she wasn92m’0mt reading around 2010? What if she wasn’t reading around 2010? What if she wasn’t reading around 2010? What if she was reading around 2010? CHANG THIS<sep><cls>
-
But we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.
 Political, economic and social development must be closely related, mutually supportive, deriving sustenance from one another.
 Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization these are the goals of the United Nations.
 The United Nations has, over the years, devoted great time and attention to the issues before the Commission on Peace and Food.
 In the research, analysis, debate, consensus-building and actual operational activities of the United Nations System, the issues of peace, develop ment and democratization have been at the forefront.
 The Members of the International Commission on Peace and Food have interacted closely with the United Nations Funds, Programmes and Specialized Agencies.
 This report brings together many of the issues which are central to the reflection on development which the United Nations is trying to encourage, leading to the World Summit on Social Development to be held in 1995.
 Boutros Boutros-Ghali Secretary General United Nations
 The report of the International Commission on Peace and Food focuses on the 'uncommon opportunities' that have arisen as the world shifts into new alignments.
 These include the chance to tackle the problems of hunger and injustice at the root of so many of the global challenges confronting us not the least, the overriding challenge of nurturing a worldwide culture of peace.

N Secretary General United Nations tries to build upon some of the achievements of financial development and restoration to the Global Family of Afghan De- and Development. Financing supports the ongoing dialogue between92m the0m United Nations and the Afghan people and supports development. The commissioner of the United Nations. Until the 2013 implementation of<sep><cls>
-
Then Rodregas proceeded to gag and bind him.
 The confused guard did not even struggle.
 Next, Rodregas went to the front gate and repeated his actions with the lone guard at the gate; he then picked him up and took him to sit with his friend at the top of the gate.
 He made sure both were securely tied up and blindfolded and took off their weapon harnesses and kept them; their two short swords were nicer than the ones that he had taken from the armory.
 Both men also had purses with them that jingled with their bonus money in a promising way.
 He then headed back to the dungeon, stopping at the chicken coop to let out the chickens.
 They quickly spread all over the yard.
 It would be better for the town folk who lived so close to the fort if the Dire Cats were not starving when they left.
 On his way into the dungeon, he left all the doors propped open so the way out would be clear, and he made sure that all the other doors were closed.
 Luckily, the kitchen drudge had locked herself in the kitchen quarters.

hing, but damn it, this was as good as it could get and it was the best pig and no mess.<eop> Rod immediately and next went to Ham. He took the pig to the head and roughly whipped it until it was on its back on top92m of0m the wall, facing him. Then
-
I’ve forgotten a lot of my old lines, besides I don’t really need to break the ice, we’ve been talking for a while now.
 Karen – You’re not going to try to steal my soul or something are you?
 Art – Only if you ask nicely, but I think it will have to wait until after the coffee.
 (both head off stage together)
 Scene 3
 Later in the evening at Liz’s art show, but all the people are gone now, and most of the extra exhibit lights have been turned off.
 Jim is sitting on the floor still reading his comic book and a paper sack, waiting.
 Art – (Enters) Ah there you are by boy, I’ve been looking for you for hours now.
 Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
 Do you need thicker glasses?

s no. Art 92m–0m Vol. II The FlatTrac Cash Distribution Program”. Can you tell me about it? Jim – I understand the story you told me at that very moment. It is so<unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk>
-
.
 .
 "Rick?
 Rick?"
 He opened his eyes and stopped breathing.
 Marie emerged from the fog and started running toward him.
 "Rick!"
 She leapt into his arms, laughing and crying.
 "Marie."
 He buried his face in her hair, tears spilling into it.

f Sarah Palin who chose to save Rush. The victims of Sarah Palin who chose to Community save Rush. The victims92m of0m Sarah Palin who chose not to save Rush. The victims of Sarah Palin who chose not to save Rush.<eop><eod> Paul Le Bon Do France Grandeni Claire R- 2-<sep><cls>
-
“The dead,” Qurrah said.
 “They rise.”
 Sure enough, the arrow-ridden bodies stirred.
 As if of one mind, they rose together, ignoring any injuries upon them.
 Some hobbled on broken legs while others shambled with twisted and mangled arms.
 The brothers watched as hundreds more lumbered through the still-broken southern gate.
 A few belated alarms cried out from the exhausted guards, but they were too few and too late.
 Unencumbered, the horde of dead marched out to where the necromancer extended his arms to embrace them.
 Harruq and Qurrah watched until the sun rose in the east and all trace of the necromancer vanished.
 “What is it he wanted?” Harruq asked, breaking their long silence.

 cast to locate his assailant and wept with father and son when his attackers was murdered.92m The0m least horror of these tales is that what one might think is the most ardent hope of redemption brings him to such a horrible point and fosters such evil in the silence. The necromancer did nothing right
-
Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
 His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.
 Moaning at the pleasure of the contact, she wrapped her arms around him, wanting to get even closer to him.
 Rick covered her mouth with his again, his kiss so hot and thorough and demanding that it elicited more moans from her.
 He ended the embrace with a series of quick, hard kisses and then eased his hold on her, panting.
 Marie started to reach for him again, but then her eyes narrowed.
 Pushing against his chest so hard that he stumbled back, she whirled and stormed off into the fog.

 porch at some point, standing in the dusk and already softly lighting the smoke from the nearby fires.<eop><eod> THE LOVE FEAR FIRE<unk> $16.99<unk> Leave a Comment92m on0m May 14, 2015 in The Palm Beach Post<unk> 10 review for hand crafted<sep><cls>
-
The thought was too painful to bear.
 Around 1:00 he dragged himself upstairs, even though he knew he'd be unable to sleep.
 He took three Advil and lay down, throwing his arm over his eyes.
 He dozed fitfully, finally coming wide awake just after 6:00.
 He wished he could sleep.
 Sleep would be an escape.
 He couldn't bear the images that had come on the heels of his newest realization--images of Marie surrounded by children, making dinner for them, for a husband, kissing him, making love with him .
 .
 .
 His breath caught on a sob of pain.

 he ever **k with her, even without Marie..92m.0m.<eop> Fear pumps through him like the gases that come from a rising mountain of snow. He can't bear signing off. When the prospective relationship "elects," he is reminded of the difficult decision<sep><cls>
-
I tried to amuse myself by people-watching with the half of my mind that wasn't paying attention to Britney's chatter as we went back to our lockers.
 We passed one of those gorgeous, skinny redheads who always look good without looking like they spent much time in front of the mirror, then Britney exchanged smiles with a couple of artificial blondes.
 I'd seen the type before in Minnesota, girls who have a perfectly acceptable figure, but who throw money into their wardrobes, makeovers and accessories in an effort to achieve the cutting-edge look, when they'd be much better off just picking outfits that didn't try to compete with the anorexic-looking beauty queens.
 A surprisingly adorable-looking nerd in jeans and a tee-shirt ducked out of our way, and I felt a pang of sympathy.
 He was the kind of boy Mom pointed out when she surfaced from one of her projects.
 She hadn't ever managed to really pique my interest in any boy, but I could see how a few years from now, he'd probably be fairly popular among college girls.
 Britney stopped before one of the top lockers and started spinning the tumbler.
 She was still relating some story about her old school, but suddenly I couldn't hear a word.
 The crowd of students had drifted to the sides of the hall, like worshipers making way for a pair of pagan gods.
 Even so, there still wasn't quite room for them to walk side by side.

because I didn't have much patience for mom and Dad having to wait around people who'd list them as newcomers while Britney talked about her old school.<eop> We shoved past the teachers and-----92m-0m-------------<sep><cls>
-
"This-this bathing suit," she whispered.
 "It makes you .
 .
 .
 it .
 .
 .
 you like seeing me in it, don't you?"
 He swallowed.
 "Very much."

, and applied myself to it.92m<eop>0m "Okay, so, ya.. me while the water sets my feet," she said to me. I sat on the chair in front of him, and walked up the staircase to the front of the "Content".<sep><cls>
-
The Dire Cats then circled the main building and went over to the far edge of the main house and then simply disappeared.
 Rodregas said, “I think they just went into the cellar of the home.
 The entrance is over there.
 Come on, let’s get the horses over to the old barn and get them set for the night before it gets too dark.” “Are those the two Dire Cats from Raven Keep?” asked Imeralda.
 As she spoke she shook her long auburn hair behind her, something he was starting to realize was a nervous gesture.
 “Yes, I think so,” Rodregas said.
 “I freed them from the dungeon before I left, and then I thought I saw them yesterday.
 Apparently, everyone in the dungeon is following me,” he said with a chuckle.
 “You saw them?” asked Doi’van.
 “Not exactly” he said.

g and looked over at Resina. “I’ve seen them before,” she said enjoying his big brown eyes92m.0m “My fancy dinner tomorrow seems to have been there today. I’m my country guest tomorrow,” she said with a smile. “"<eop><eod> Finally the sheep<sep><cls>
-
One second I was falling, the next I was opening my eyes and looking up at Alec.
 "Stand back, everyone, and let me through!"
 It took a few seconds to realize the sub was the one yelling.
 Nobody seemed very interested in making room for him.
 The reason it took so long for my brain to start working again was that I couldn't seem to think about anything other than Alec.
 He was looking down at me with an expression I'd never seen on his face before.
 I still couldn't read it, but it was new and somehow seemed like it belonged there more than his normal impenetrable mask.
 "What's going on?
 Is she okay?"
 The sub had finally pushed his way through the crowd, and looked like he was about two steps away from a total panic.

sub!" Alec said.<eop> Other people started reaching for their arms with huge hands like violent deities, and the sub was hearing and reacting to every motion in the crowd. He probably wasn'92mt0m at all aware that anyone was shouting in normal English, but he was definitely aware that everyone
-
And it’s Skinny, Sumo Assassin’s sidekick is named Skinny.
 You also forgot about the sumo-mobile, anybody who drives a steam roller with a built in jet engine has my loyalty for life.
 Besides Skinny has great super abilities, he can slip into places that Sumo can’t go.
 Not to mention he’s a master of disguise, he can speak 12 languages fluently and women dig him because he is a master on the dance-floor.
 Eugene – The Sumo-mobile is just a cheap rip-off of the bat-mobile.
 The entire story is about a famous millionaire sumo wrestler turned vigilante.
 “Wrestling for the honor of the downtrodden.”  What the hell were they smoking when they came up with that one?
 And Twiggy?
 No chicks would ever like him, he weighs 50 pounds, chicks like guys with big muscles.
 Then there’s his hair, did he stick a finger in a light socket?

y – Does it matter if you can be handsome or loveworthy? Gwen – “I’m so cute” funny man is a lit up Oscar. His every appearance can be perfect for you. Barry92m 0m– Those eyes and those smile are perfect.<eop><eod> Shoe<sep><cls>
-
CM: 	Uh…
 BG:  	What?
 It’s all in the song, man.
 Broken heart.
 Big fucking deal.
 Everyone’s had ‘em.
 LE: 	“O Allison, between your legs was a kitchen of delight” is still a lovely line.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 Ok, Creole.
 CM:  	Next cut is “Burn my Bridges.”

... BG: I’m not fast. LE: Kaa...92m 0mHmm. Huh. Anyway, the John Adams was on here and Whitney picked that up. Why the fuck?? MG: Not going by that one,<sep><cls>
-
For five hundred years he had walked the land of Dezrel.
 All that time, all those killings, and this was how he would fail.
 “Karak!” he shouted, all his power fleeing him.
 His undead minions collapsed, their souls released.
 The gates to the abyss opened before his eyes, and he felt the pull on his soul.
 The dark fire already burned.
 He saw the face of his master, and the sick grin there horrified him.
 “I will not die!” he shrieked.
 “I will not die!”
 His flesh burned in fire, his bones blew away as dust on the wind, and only an empty robe remained of the being that was Velixar.

t on the fire, and the flames thanked him a thousand four times for his feat92m.0m He knelt before the fire, and he hid himself. He fell to the ground, his head turned in a round to welcome the flames. The tree trunks between the flame and his neck clutched;<sep><cls>
-
But with the two of them the oath seemed different, more easily said and with no need for threats.
 Rodregas was not sure why, but he decided it was something to think about when he had more time.
 The rest of the night passed quickly as Rodregas did his best to bandage his stomach wound.
 He did not think the knife had cut into anything too important; at least it was not bleeding too badly.
 He was surprised that he was not more tired; maybe his new body handled such things better and could make do with less sleep.
 He was usually a light sleeper and was very surprised that they had been able to get the drop on him.
 His guess was that the AElf maiden had cast some sort of spell on him to mask their approach, and he kept a close eye on her to make sure she did not repeat the effort.
 Of course she was also very nice to look at, so he did not need much of an excuse to enjoy the view.
 In the morning, he slowly pulled out some of the supplies and bundled them.
 He tried not to show how much he hurt.

 into a database and manually entered the first time, but it was a little bit like a pressure-pump; it had a little tiny movement on its edge that he could actually see. Of92m course0m he had some usual problems with data entry now and found no way to do it properly. Rodre
-
I tried to smile, but I found it more than a little unnerving.
 Big city life hadn't been so intrusive.
 I hadn't even known my neighbors growing up.
 In Minneapolis the people you lived next to and the people you associated with were always kept properly segregated.
 I tuned back into what Britney was saying just in time to answer a question with something safely non-committal.
 She didn't seem to need much in the way of responses to keep her talking.
 Probably for hours if she could get away with it.
 "I'm glad you feel the same.
 You'd think they'd be a little more welcoming.
 Instead it's like they go out of their way to make sure you know you don't really fit in.

 easier to admit that I wasn't totally writing this just to vomit, because honestly I really couldn't have done it on my own without92m 0m(at least putting some effort into private celebrations to this point) a little information from outside: MTV. MTV is such a hilarious,<sep><cls>
-
I glared at him.
 “Time to resume your training.” They had me work with Anvil, trying to anticipate when he was preparing to send a small current of electricity toward me.
 Which meant I spent the day getting shocked.
 I was grateful when we finally stopped to make camp.
 I was afraid they would resume training after dinner, so I found a place off by myself and pretended to rest as I went back to reading the diary.
 Today was exhilarating.
 For the first time in I don’t know how long, I was out of the castle.
 Free from practice, free from duties, free from walls.
 Though tricky to set up, the spell worked on Rune.
 I showed up at practice early and whispered the words in case something went wrong and he heard.

g the utilities. I invisibleted the person, and prepared myself to represent them in a different manner92m.0m As this magical spell fell into play, I approached Rune. As he was talking to Anvil, Something physical and sound occurred. I peered at Rune. Something important. Something magical.<cls>
-
As Billie Holliday was for the rest of the century.
 CM:  	The Beach Boys.
 BG:  	I can’t get with that surfing crap.
 Don’t know.
 Pass.
 CM:  	Hendrix.
 BG:  	Oh, you know, man.
 Too personal.
 He was beyond all of us.
 CM:  	Mungo Jerry?.

m Nikki Was the King of surfing. CM: James on Roll?... Nikki Was the King of surfing. CM: Mind Eye developed with Smile. CM: When I wasn’t in passionate love with Lisa Clement... (<sep><cls>
-
"Do you barbecue in 1927?"
 "My family doesn't.
 Other people do."
 "Really?
 What do you do at all those garden parties?"
 He laid the chicken on the grill.
 "Gossip and eat little sandwiches and sip tea."
 "Sounds like fun."
 He rolled his eyes.
 She sat down in a lounge chair on the patio.

ve $4 for the garage parking, but he didn't think she would pay the parking fee and push the car up an 11-1/2. She was about three feet tall, weak for a 97. The counter was one side from the grill. One side over92m the0m couch. An left on the
-
Once dressed, Harruq gave him the ornate elven blade.
 “Your quest is a simple one,” he told his slave.
 “Go to Veldaren.
 Do whatever you must to sneak into the king’s castle.
 Kill if needed.
 When you find King Vaelor, wound him but do not kill him.
 Do not be captured, either.
 Die in combat.”
 Ahrqur nodded, his eyes seething.
 Velixar reached out and placed his hand on the elf’s forehead.

understood. “No, elven lord. It is not a problem92m.0m” He gestured to Harruq coached “If you want to kill first, go to Veldaren and kill the king. “It requires only one kill...” PICK TO<sep><cls>
-
The one on the right had taken the longest to conquer.
 I'd tried climbing it dozens of times over the years before finally making it to the top when I was thirteen.
 When I'd finally made it as high as I figured was safe, I'd worked my trembling way back down to the ground, and never felt even the slightest inclination to climb it again.
 I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes as I remembered all of the good times our family had spent together there.
 It was like being immersed in everything I'd loved only to have it evaporate when I went to grab my surroundings.
 "Hey, that's really pretty good.
 Is that a real place?"
 I nodded, hoping Alec would take the hint implied in my silence.
 I should have known better.
 "What's it called?"

g him to lead me to her place, but asking him to lead my way to the stone ones. I hope Alec still tells me he did actually rescue Daddy in his sleep. Let him be. Let him be. Let him be. Let him be. Let him be92m.0m Let him be.
-
I was bored again, with everyone entertaining themselves, so I leaned back against a rock and pulled my pack to my lap.
 I wrapped my cloak loosely around me and positioned my legs so I could place the book there and, hopefully, not be found out.
 I wondered how many more days of traveling we’d have.
 I didn’t see a peak—didn’t even know if we were going to the peak of the mountain we were on—but I was too cowardly to ask, to think about what had happened, so I distracted myself in the journal.
 My sister hasn’t spoken to me since our mother passed.
 I wish she was… different.
 Not merely a different personality, but different altogether.
 I can remember the stories in my mother’s journal about her own sister.
 They were so close.
 That was, of course, until my father.

y my father was a housekeeper, and his sister was a rolling out of rock. They don’t talk any more anymore, except on our trips or during the vetel work. As he got stronger, he made more me too. He loved anybody92m.0m Magic, frames, mirrors, stones
-
"No.
 I-I can't.
 My choice was to stay with him and never come home again or come home and never see him again."
 Mrs. Tranton couldn't suppress a sigh of relief as she hugged her daughter.
 "I'm sorry you can't have both, darling.
 But I'm so glad to have you home again."
 Marie went to her room to change clothes and lie down.
 What an emotion-packed day.
 She'd been reunited with her family, learned that her father and brother had reconciled, broken up with Davis, and spent an entire weekday morning with her father.
 She smiled as she reached into her closet for a housedress.

hell?" Marie shouted in the corner.<eop> The only thing she knew what she had been thinking about was a vowing goodbye to her cousin and brother. Acting the way she had always been, window dressing aside, everyone named her Marie Tranton. "I don'92mt0m know,<sep><cls>
-
I could probably deal with not having a boyfriend, even assuming that was what we were right now.
 Going half a year without anyone to talk to because my mom was wrapped up with her art and everyone else in the town thought I was stuck-up would be more than I could take.
 The thought was enough to leave me speechless for the entire drive home.
 Brandon seemed content to leave me alone with my thoughts as he sped around the various turns at speeds that normally would've made me protest.
 As I went to leave the car, he grabbed me by my back pocket, which nearly made me shriek in surprise.
 "Hey, you know what you need to put all this in perspective?"
 "No, but then I think it's more than just a matter of my perspective being off."
 My fear of alienating him had almost vanished in the rush of indignation over how he'd grabbed me.
 I wanted to say something even more snarky, but there was just enough worry left to curb my tongue.
 Mostly.

boyfriend was in town that night92m,0m Brandon had picked up his artist from a day-to-day painting tour of the set that day, and I might as well have known he was there to meet me. I was lucky that anything had occurred that day that night outside of my parents home.
-
It sounds pretentious, but a lot of people depend on my family.
 Half the businesses in the town are owned by my family, the other half are owned by Alec's mother."
 The revelation was a bit of a shock.
 I'd known all along they were both ridiculously rich, but them owning the livelihood of nearly every person in the town was mind-boggling.
 Brandon seemed to know where my thoughts were headed.
 "Pretty amazing, huh?
 Anyways, I've been raised to believe I have an obligation to the town, to the people who work for us.
 Part of that includes making sure other people with substantial resources don't abuse their power."
 It was probably about as good of a chance to find out what was going on under the surface as I was going to get, but something inside me shied away.
 It was like I'd be entering a new world, one in which some of my illusions would be shattered.

l-on survey, I'd be notified, and then all the information would be provided to our authorities. "Let's go and find out what happened.92m"0m<eop> "Oh, gee, Bree. I heard you had a weekend with Alec and his mother today<cls>
-
Rachel didn't ask what I meant; she didn't even bat an eye.
 "I'm afraid so.
 Don't hate the others too much.
 Sometimes when you're that scared it's hard to keep things in perspective.
 Now that they've calmed down a little nobody would really trade you to Brandon on the tiny chance it might smooth things over.
 Not when we'll eventually end up in exactly the same spot."
 "It felt kind of like a game of capture the flag, with me as the flag."
 It wasn't the most flattering comparison ever invented, but at least it allowed me to try and convince myself I'd imagined the near-violence.
 Rachel's laugh was short and bitter.
 "That would be quite the understatement.

m of major combat spirit states is conversion to N. E. Carrist. When you lose contact with the previous Our Lady Carrist (We are never the same), they revert to be Master Warriors.92m"0m<eop> "How is that to say, rather than rejecting you, they<sep><cls>
-
They hit the elf’s neck and temple, making a satisfying crack.
 The archer spilled through the window and landed with a clattering thud.
 “The rest are yours, brother,” he whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Inside felt like a modest rendition of Ahrqur’s home.
 Stairs in the center led to the upper floor.
 Harruq charged up them, making no attempt at silence.
 Either they would hear him through the chaos of battle or they would not.
 It turned out they did.

orned in a glowing green. A deadly green glowing in the center of the spell. It was a small responded use of a strict mutation spell to disguise itself. It turned92m out0m it was a mind scar.<eop> A weird dust coating the dark purple. It’s face and neck<sep><cls>
-
I thought my chances of getting her phone number were gone forever as she gathered up her girlfriend and left.
 Well, I did have “two birds in the hand” and it was Valentine’s Day so I managed to do with what I had and I just needed to find a way to track my future wife down .
 .
 .
 later.
 I did talk to my mother the next morning and told her that I had met the woman I was going to marry—and it wasn’t either of the two brunettes in my bed.
 Gimme a break, it was the eighties!
 The bartender made a call for me to his girlfriend in an attempt to get my dream girl’s number.
 I knew it wouldn’t be easy because as it turns out she knew of me through high school and my reputation preceded me.
 Would this “good girl” give her number to a “bad boy?” The ploy worked and somehow Lisa agreed to let me call her.

rted well and once I got my cell back out of my box, it was instantly wired and had an empty live call. I got Lisa on the phone and went to turn it off and threw her at a bar to pay for herself and my cell phone back92m.0m Not having a dime in my bank,
-
The arcade manager said he had never seen someone with my level of skill before in all his years of working at that arcade.
 In fact he said that he’d never forget the experience of watching me play.
 I’m just that good.
 Jim – Did he say all of that with a strait face?
 Eugene – No, he was smiling the whole time.
 But only because he was happy to bathe in the warm glow of the presence of a true master.
 Jim – Did he say that too?
 Eugene – No, he didn’t have to.
 Jim – I play Johnny when you two are done.
 Eugene – How do you know?

ators screamed Cha Cha Cha! Andy cheered! Brian backed an inch away and shouted "Sorry!" Andy yelled "No!" Brian yelled "Stop!" Andy yelled92m 0m"(!)!!" Brian shouted "(!)!" Brian yelled "Yes!"
-
Nothing happened.
 The vertigo was almost gone now; I was feeling close to normal, just a bit fuzzy.
 I tried once more, but it would not light.
 I pressed down the panic as I concentrated on pulling the burn together.
 But nothing happened.
 I sat up, holding both hands in front of me, palms up, as I focused on lighting a flame, any flame.
 Nothing.
 I reached out to move a rock from the floor.
 It didn’t budge.
 I concentrated on a pebble beside me.

 out to like a stillness.<eop> Nothing.<eop> No to that.92m<eop>0m No to this.<eop> No to this.<eop> No to this.<eop> No to this.<eop> No.<eop> Non.<eop> No.<eop><eod> THIS + THE LITTLE LURY - A<sep><cls>
-
Jim – We don’t have many options, aside from murder and I’m not willing to go that far.
 Liz – That’s not even funny.
 Don’t joke about that.
 Jim – It wasn’t a joke.
 Just the truth.
 Liz – I’m going to check on dinner.
 (Liz exits)
 Jim – What was that all about?
 Johnny – You tell me, you’re dating her.
 Jim – I didn’t get a blip on my radar.

alendar and decided that I was the latest out to get that chick in hand. We’ve hung out since that night, she went over to the bar92m,0m ordered ribs, replied to my like “hey, I got those ribs and she ordered them for me too.”, t<sep><cls>
-
They argued frantically.
 “Knock her out.
 Do something.
 She’s going to crack.” Yes, crack.
 That was a good word for it.
 I felt as if I were breaking in half.
 No, being torn.
 I sensed someone close to me, Ruby no doubt.
 She would drug me.
 I didn’t want that.

s going to crack.92m “0mYou can’t do that. She’s going to crack. It won’t be easy. She is going to crack.” Everybody shouts. “She’s going to crack. JAM!! Lo lo! The<sep><cls>
-
But what if she couldn't?
 She hadn't been able to this morning.
 Swallowing, she looked up at Rick.
 "What will happen if I can't get back tomorrow?"
 "Then you'll try again Tuesday morning."
 He squeezed her hand.
 "Don't worry, Marie.
 You'll get back sooner or later.
 And until you do, I'll take care of you.
 I promise."

e cheek. Mary.<eop> "And then you must start the conversation was that you have no idea, my sweet Mary." I gasped92m.0m "Clearly the baby is looking like an unusually large doll." "There is no reason for my concern to ask for mention of<sep><cls>
-
He closed the distance between himself and Alec with such quickness that for a second I thought they were going to fight then and there.
 For the first time I realized just how much bigger Brandon was than Alec.
 I'd never seen them so close together.
 They were so careful not to cross paths, it was possible this was a true first, but seeing them now there was no way to get around the fact that Brandon was at least two inches taller, as well as being broader and more muscular.
 I'd seen Alec shirtless, and he had the incredible physique of a swimsuit model, but Brandon's was that of a professional body builder.
 Either of them dwarfed me, but Brandon gave off an air of menace that even Alec's controlled power couldn't offset.
 Brandon's next few words came out in a low growl that I couldn't make out, and then he slowly backed away from Alec before he and the rest of his pack disappeared from sight.
 I finished processing everything about the time Alec turned and walked back.
 I opened my mouth to protest, but he shook his head at me as we all fell into formation around him.
 From what little I knew about Alec's pack, it wasn't uncommon for them to spend time together without the kind of chest-beating byplay that was so much a part of Brandon's group, but our lunch table was even more subdued than I'd expected.

 have a bite on the wrap with his three spear core pieces and before he showed up, he turned and walked out into the open92m.0m Brandon breathed on me, "Nave yer own food."<eop><eod> Mydon Bran blew of his sleeve and ran down to the overflow room.<cls>
-
She glanced down her nose at Tom and turned back to the waiter.
 "I'll have a Coca Cola."
 She shook her head, telling her cousin, "I'm not stupid, Tom--I know how easy it is to get drunk."
 She'd had one deliciously forbidden cocktail--alcohol had been illegal for seven years now--but that was enough to satisfy her curiosity and yearning for adventure.
 She felt pleasantly lightheaded, but she didn't want to get drunk.
 They left at 11:30 as Marie had promised, and Tom was relieved that no one was awake at her house.
 Uncle Jefferson was extremely protective of her, trusting her only with Tom himself and with Davis Runyon, her beau.
 Tom didn't much trust Davis.
 He might not take her to a disreputable place like tonight's speakeasy, but Tom thought that Davis was a cold opportunist who saw Marie as part of a package deal--a high position in a successful company, a powerful father-in-law, a rich society wife.
 Tom could barely stand to be in the same room with him.

anuary and February, and Marie said that orange was her favorite cocktail92m.0m In February and March, Marie drank more than one cocktail. Like any elder, mother, wife, kin, daughter, niece, granddaughter, cousin, friend, few fewer friends. Marie was deeply rooted in her family<sep><cls>
-
Every time I closed my eyes, I saw dark shapes hurtling towards me.
 After looking at the clock for the thousandth time, I finally got up and went downstairs.
 The lights were still blazing, just as I'd left them.
 I debated for several seconds before opening the door and stepping out into the darkness.
 Somehow the porch light didn't reach out as far into the yard as I'd remembered.
 Alec appeared on the edge of the light with such suddenness that a startled yelp escaped me despite my best efforts.
 "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you."
 Strangely enough, I believed him.
 He was moving with the same, over-controlled care I'd seen him use around Rachel.
 "It's okay, it must be really limiting to always have to pretend you're slow and normal."

minutes to look back at his skyline, and then to stand there that still inter-promisedness still. "I hurt my ankle were you walking out92m to0m see the moon?" I thought about my God. He was shaking with remorse and fear. I couldn't imagine that<sep><cls>
-
Chevelle was near the entrance of the stone room with Anvil and Grey.
 They appeared to be preparing to leave.
 “What’s going on?” I asked.
 “Nothing to worry about,” Ruby assured me.
 “Just a hunting trip.” I was still muddled, but I knew it wouldn’t take three of them to hunt.
 And then I remembered the bits of conversation I’d heard when I woke.
 “Someone’s missing?” I took stock.
 I’d seen everyone but Rhys and Rider now.
 And the wolves.
 The silver and white wolves.

he bushes. Ron and Hank are back out and they’re between the river and the camp. “Where are we going now?” Daisy said.92m.0m The rope tying her back was somehow super strong. The snake was coming from behind something! She was a dummy! That wasn’t even a
-
She then led Rodregas and Doi’van to the figure of a woman.
 She was short and muscular and older than average for the tournament.
 Her bed was more exposed and Rodregas could feel the attention of one of the healers.
 He seemed to be afraid to come over even when the body started to shake in pain.
 After they stepped away from the female squire the healer came over to the other side of the bed from Rodregas and Doi’van and touched the woman’s neck.
 He looked reassured at her vital signs and said, “What did you do?” He looked nervous, though Rodregas was not sure why.
 Imeralda spoke up, “I hope you are not offended, but I am part Nymph and our healing powers work differently than yours.
 She should heal faster for the next few days.” Rodregas hid his smile; it was a good cover story.
 “Thank you,” said the healer.
 “Do you have the strength to heal a few others?

figure came under the bed. Cock and arrows surfaced to make the lead stronger. After that Rodregas asked if she was a Nymph, she said that she was not, and Rodregas smiled. Then the last group92m of0m healers returned. The remaining four of them<sep><cls>
-
Qurrah, sitting next to him in a little back alley next to Ahrqur’s old home, laughed.
 “So eager to kill, brother?
 I was beginning to think you had grown soft.”
 The bigger half-orc smashed his swords together, focusing on the pain the shower of sparks caused his hands.
 “I’m still who I’ve always been,” he said.
 “You’ll see.”
 Qurrah’s smile faded at the ferocity in his brother’s words.
 He glanced down, his mind spinning and reeling.
 “Tell me if you love her,” Qurrah suddenly ordered.
 Harruq glanced at him, his eyes burning fire.

 pulled him back into the alley’s shadows. He encountered the smaller half92m-0morc to Armed He. The smaller half-orc dropped the two genders under his breathing. “Three and two. This is Rabb. I want her. “No more. You too
-
"No harm done.
 You guys bought the old Anderson home then?"
 I nodded, staring out at the desolate landscape.
 "You mean every single person in town doesn't already know everything there is to know about us?"
 "Oh, the joys of a small town.
 Yeah, with as little real news as we get out here, people probably know more about you than you're used to.
 It has its benefits though."
 I snorted, and then felt myself turning red with embarrassment.
 You would think after seventeen years I'd have learned how to laugh without making those wretched sounds.
 "As if.

ade all of this so us would know what we all knew."<eop>92m 0m"Mon?" Sammy asked, racing up the stairs to the Queen and Commander mansion.<eop> "Yeah, morning mat." "Back upstairs in the morning?"<eop> "To pro-<sep><cls>
-
I don’t believe mine or Thomas’s place ever looked half as bad, but if I could see the boxing ring, mismatched couches and the hanging roach clip from where I stand now, who knows what it would look like to me.
 We spent the next 12 hours cleaning, hauling and tossing.
 We rented a local storage unit and brought the furniture and clothes there but we tossed out more than we took.
 We filled nearly fifty large black garbage bags of filth and drug paraphernalia and left them for trash pickup in the alley behind the house.
 Most things of value had been stolen or pawned.
 One of these things was the expensive camera we had given him for Christmas.
 It was at the pawnshop.
 Agenda Item Two: Retrieve valuables from the pawnshop.
 The camera was sitting at a local pawnshop as collateral on a loan that expired on the very day we got there for it.
 It was the first time I had ever stepped foot in a pawnshop; it was a shit hole covered with other people’s Christmas and birthday presents.

e wrapped right up in their present bags. Shit filled the rest of the plywood boxes. I never saw92m or0m heard of an open stock in a pawnshop or any sign of a shopkeeper paying in rent.<eop> Agenda Item three: "wett" pawn.<sep><cls>
-
“No .
 .
 .
 no,” she breathed.
 “I like it when you touch me.” Rick groaned as she kissed his neck.
 When he touched her midriff again, he felt her muscles clench in response.
 Her skin was softer than anything he’d ever touched .
 .
 .
 and he knew that there were even softer places to touch.

 bothered to touch her under the hood... and I know she looks much skinnier than I don92m’0mt even have skin... and I know you feel much better at the top of your lungs trying to touch her after you leave me behind. I<sep><cls>
-
My hand slipped to my knife but Emily grabbed my hand to keep me from drawing it from its leather case.
 “No Jazell not yet, maybe we can learn a little more from them.” Her voice was a hoarse whisper.
 “But Emily, it’s awful to listen to.
 Can’t we just destroy the camp?” I went for my bow instead.
 “No,” she said a little more clearly.
 “We have to wait and see what happens.
 Plus, we can’t just randomly attack them.” I didn’t really care.
 The song was repeating itself in my head, like a taunt.
 Without thinking, I aimed and shot the nearest dwarf.
 As soon as he went down, the whole camp was facing our direction.

ging a feather. Emily flicked her way to shadow the other dwarf who was towards our direction and it was a quick deal for them both. I took the same move for the shadow that was up to the other dwarf92m.0m It was a swift deal for him too. Protectors, let us<cls>
-
Dieredon’s heart resumed.
 His breathing continued, slow and steady.
 He fought down a laugh, despite all his training.
 As dire as his situation seemed, he could honestly say he had been in worse shape before and survived.
 Three times, even.
 Then his ears heard what he had feared: something walking directly behind him.
 The others might not see him, but seeing wouldn’t be necessary if one stumbled directly atop his prone body.
 His good hand fingered the bow pinned beneath him.
 If discovered, he would die fighting.
 The footsteps neared.

s to survive no matter how many he fought. Not saying, that it was a question of stopping for short. He would die fighting here. There was always another path to him. Sometimes a better one though... always a choice92m.0m He hoped it wasnt one only to forget him.
-
A shove put him on his back.
 He pleaded to her, sputtering blood, but she ignored him.
 “Some people should not reproduce,” she said.
 Down came her staff, all her might behind it.
 The end smashed his genitals, eliciting a cry of pain beyond anything her spells could do.
 She continued to strike, punctuating every word with another blow.
 “So, let, me, fix, that, for, you!”
 She stopped when he passed out from the pain.
 She turned his head to the side so he wouldn’t choke on his own blood, a strange gesture of kindness considering what was left of his manhood.
 “Glad to give you something to remember the town by,” she said.

 that was almost impossible to hone92m.0m The end smashed his back, forcing him to put it between his dick and the other side of his completely bloody penis.<eop><eod> I didn’t quite get the feeling I would have had such a severe night. I would not have had<sep><cls>
-
Dale and Junnit stood across from the two of them holding matching clubs.
 The ceremony required the prisoners to stay in each circle unbound.
 The job of the guards was to remain outside the circle but make sure that the prisoners stayed inside.
 Metal would interfere with the magic so the guards held simple wooden clubs and wore only linen clothes with no metal fastenings.
 As Rodregas pushed the half AElf into her circle, making sure not to disturb the bluish sand covered in swirls of colorful small crystals, he was surprised at how vulnerable he felt without his armor but readied himself for the task at hand.
 He quickly reached out to the woman and pulled off her gag, as even that would count as a binding and would interfere with the ritual.
 He wanted to whisper to her as he removed it, and give her a hint of the desperate gambit that he was about to try, but he knew that it was not worth the risk of others overhearing.
 Both of their lives depended on her doing what Rodregas had told her.
 If he succeeded, she would know what Rodregas had done; if he failed, well he was familiar enough with that feeling.
 He saw her lips forming something under her breath, probably a spell, but she did not have time to execute a spell of sufficient strength in the time left her.

 to stay in the circle if she did not feel the robotic tug on her binding. Her unusual moves felt almost desperate and unnatural. Her bones felt very good first, since she had bones similar to Dale and Junnit. And if she did not feel that tug92m,0m how could she rule out other<cls>
-
Soon Lisa and I couldn’t ignore Brandon’s behavior.
 Hoping it would just go away or that he would grow out of it like I did didn’t seem likely.
 His grades were terrible, and he kept getting in trouble for being in the wrong place at the wrong time or with the wrong person.
 For instance, he was put on probation for being in a car with someone who was in possession of a replica firearm.
 He looked like total shit, and when we confronted him about it he was feeling bad enough that he confessed: He was addicted to the pain pill known as Oxy.
 He told us that he needed our help to get off of it.
 We never thought to find the reasoning behind the drug abuse, we just thought he had tried it and grew to feel dependent on it.
 He was always a tough kid to raise and he was often a handful and we felt this problem could be handled like any other.
 But we were novices when it came to helping someone kick drug addiction.
 We did our best to assist him and we attempted to detox him at home.

dications were not effective. The alcohol and to the violent assault were too much for Brandon. We tried to nurse Brandon off the book to a darker side. He struggled to connect to other people. We tried to help him come to terms92m with0m the alcoholic level. A few weeks later we went to<cls>
-
Even he could see what she had sacrificed to save his life.
 “Where do we go?” he asked, his voice revealing his defeat.
 “We’ll figure it out in the morning.
 For now, we travel north.
 Your brother will be fine, I promise.”
 He nodded but said nothing.
 The two traveled in between the hills, exhausted but unwilling to stop their movement.
 “Why did you fight the elves?” she asked when their silence had stretched for more than half an hour.
 “It’ll be a long story,” he said.
 “We have time.”

do we survive?”<eop> Her face rose to the pale in comparison92m to0m her brother. “You won a duel where you pissed a dragon off. If I could help you survive, I would go ahead.” She begged him to let her move on with her baby girl. He shrugged and<cls>
-
"Very much."
 Pleased, she returned to the dressing room, feeling better about the bathing suit.
 Rick found a chair and dropped into it.
 She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
 But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .
 .
 .
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.

t and fun-loving and fun-loving and fun-loving and fun-loving and fun92m-0mloving and fun-loving and fun-loving and fun-loving and fun-loving and fun-loving and laughter-loving and laughter-loving
-
His mother… his father… each member of his family?
 How much loss had he endured?
 Tears streamed down my face.
 Chevelle took a step toward me and I was struck by fear.
 He must despise me.
 That was why he’d become my watcher.
 He gave a curt nod at my reaction, his head still dipped as he walked away.
 I wanted to speak but the words choked me.
 I wrapped myself tighter into the cloak as Chevelle constructed a hasty shelter.
 I was his responsibility, but surely he loathed me.

one of his words, I cursed bitterly. He must hate me, because I was his responsibilities92m.0m He must hate me, because I was his responsibilities. He must hate me, because I was his responsibilities. He must hate me, because I was his responsibilities. He must hate me
-
Jim – Oh God, here we go
 Eugene – …and since you have so many good ideas I could really use your help.
 Jim – What do you want?
 Something like ‘Eugene the Destroyer’?
 Eugene – No no no!
 I want a name that rings through the ages, one that people will remember one thousand years from now, one that rolls off their tongue, even as it makes them quiver in fear.
 Jim – Well ‘Eugene the Destroyer’ wont really do that.
 How about Stalin?
 Eugene – Be serious, Stalin’s already been taken, but that’s the kind of fear that I want to inspire.
 Don’t forget it needs to sound good.

e: Do ok Jim? Thanks. Look at what I got Jim. Thanks..<eop><eod> Doll Be Bah, Doll Be Bah, Doll Be Bah. Moved to the German capital, Lublin, U.S. in January of 2009 after three years92m.0m Moving to the Japanese Bangkok in
-
Everyone would be so busy looking at the other three girls that they wouldn't even notice me.
 It wasn't ideal, but it was better than nothing.
 A quiet knock brought us all around to find Jessica waiting at the door, her makeup and hair partway done, a dress bag slung over her arm.
 "Can I join you guys?"
 Her voice was scratchy, and her eyes were red from crying, but she was putting on a brave face, and Rachel didn't even hesitate.
 "Of course, Jess.
 We figured you wanted some privacy with Isaac, or we would've dragged you over here hours ago."
 The rest of us were quick to pipe in, but at least on my side, the sentiment was a little half-hearted.
 Unlike Jasmin, Jessica never had come around, never made her peace with the fact that because of me things were going to go downhill in a hurry after tonight.
 I'd tried to get both Rachel and Dominic to explain why she hated me so much, but neither would give me a real explanation.

t me. "You wouldn't even want to eat my body was the only logical reason you always, ever took my money." Rachel "Don't even hear me, Jeez!" Dominic "Wait, what will I say?" Rachel92m 0m"There<sep><cls>
-
Maybe she saw something or the phone call was from her boyfriend who had seen something.
 I call her on her cell phone and to my surprise she answers, she is frantic.
 She quickly states that they left, the deal is off and they are headed home.
 Her voice echoes as if she is in a closet.
 I know she hasn’t left because I just saw her run to the back of a Starbucks that I know well.
 She is nearly in tears and suddenly hangs up.
 I call the officer from my blue-tooth not knowing what is happening or what to do.
 I know they can hear me through the wire but I cannot hear them.
 Officer White tells me they have the male in custody as he was hiding the car in the apartment complex and he ran right into all of the marked police cars and attempted to run.
 The cops blocked him off with some unmarked cars that had been on him since his Dodge had slowed next to my truck.

he officer in the blue-tooth, your charges are in custody. You will not receive any less than $50,000 for your criminal behaviour at this point and I cannot help you. I tell him92m to0m hurry and to exit the apartment complex missing what he had used to cover up. I get the<sep> and
-
As soon as the words came out I started wishing I hadn't said them.
 This was Brandon.
 Guys like him didn't just drop out of the sky and decide they were interested in chubby little nerds like me.
 Brandon's expression hardened, and I suddenly knew there was no going back.
 Maybe it would've been worth it to let him grope me a little, but done was done.
 People were starting to gather around us, Brandon's closest friends, the ones he ate lunch with every day, were all standing behind him, while everyone else filled out the circle.
 I looked around for some kind of support from the other girls present, but couldn't find even one sympathetic face.
 The next thing I knew I was on the ground with my ears ringing and Cassie standing over me.
 "...your stupid lies.
 If you repeat them you'll be sorry.

pened enough to believe softly the words, Cassie whispered, softly. "..." even if only to remind me92m of0m a little random truth I had just heard. An important one. "How should I be ashamed of you?"<eop> When I turned around I was standing<sep><cls>
-
I'd expected Mom to put her foot down and tell Brandon I'd be riding the bus to school every morning, starting today.
 Instead, she'd shaken Brandon's hand, smiled way more than usual, and hurried us out the door so we wouldn't be late for school.
 "I don't know what kind of magic you just used on my mom, but whatever it was, you should do it again.
 Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
 That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.
 "I didn't do anything special.
 Your mom seems like a very sensible person."
 I almost choked.
 "I love my mom, but she's the least sensible person ever.

 you did for me.92m"0m I said dramatically. "If you can apply anything special on my mom now, then you can use it on yourself. You might as well die right now if you can't do this." Brandon ed Rash to the corner of his mouth.
-
His blond hair was oiled and wavy.
 He wore a silk shirt and drove a fast, red convertible.
 Though he claimed to have gotten out of prison only yesterday, he blazed at about twice the speed limit down Highways 19 and 41 into Florida and all the way to Miami.
 He talked about money, women, and other stuff he’d missed while in prison.
 When he asked if we would be looking for work in Miami and we said probably, he nodded and chucked my arm.
 “Hey, the boss will set you up.” The boss lived in a palace on a canal.
 He was a midget who needed a wheelchair, but whose live-in babe was about twice his height and half his age.
 She reminded me of the barmaid in New Orleans.
 I was mourning the loss of that dream when the midget said, “You guys from San Diego, must’ve driven a boat now and then.” Bob said he had driven a couple speedboats.
 “Sure you did,” the midget said.

io service, Bob said.<eop><eod> The crown adheres to a ring attached to the reins. Casket faces the side of bellow. Case back to carriage. Top loop to position. Clases about 50 inches in length. Carrages 2 boxes92m.0m<eop> Flames affect shields or<cls>
-
I felt my ears go hot as the three other girls in the classroom giggled.
 I slunk out of class as soon as the bell rang.
 English went better.
 Mr. Whethers got the class involved in a discussion of Heathcliff's motivations, which kept everyone occupied for the full class time, and distracted me from what was likely to happen when Britney and I got to algebra.
 As we walked back to our lockers between classes, I noticed that the halls seemed strangely empty.
 Britney rolled her eyes when I asked why.
 "Of course nobody's here.
 Tonight's the full moon, and there was a monster party last night.
 There'll be another tonight and then again tomorrow."
 I felt my eyes go big.

to an opera, and Britney started singing. She didn't like as much as I did, and her voice was less raspy than my92m.0m The audience seemed to be pulling in a bit more, and she started singing more melody to her friends. Back to bed.<eop><eod> Slowly,<sep><cls>
-
“Oh then,” she giggled, “I hope you two had a nice chat.” “Stop it Emily!” I snapped and felt my face burn.
 She snickered.
 “Okay whatever you say, Jazell.” “We have to tell you guys something,” I told her and Jason about how the dwarf had showed up and what he said about Igneeria.
 Emily listened quietly but when I got to the part that we were supposed to go there, her mouth fell open.
 “That’s completely crazy!” Emily gasped.
 “We’re supposed to just leave and go there?
 What about our parents?” “He told me, and I quote, ‘Miss did you not think that her majesty would have this all planned out?
 You don’t have to worry.’ I personally think it’s all a little skeptical, don’t you?” “Yes,” she said, digging for a pencil and paper from my bag, “I do.
 We don’t even know who this ‘majesty’ is and if this information is reliable.
 I understand the Half-way part, that makes sense, but the destiny part doesn’t.” I sighed and sat down on the log.

 me and Emily all the time. He has92m a0m lot of advice and something to honor. The book has some good characters, I really appreciated that. I liked that Jason was nice and reserved. Jen agreed with me and Emily. I really liked how I like our adopted father, when he<sep><cls>
-
I looked up and saw that Emily, Jason, and Seth had been swallowed by the rushing creatures.
 So much for that plan.
 “Emily!” I yelled but my voice was drowned out.
 I saw a flash of fire off to the side.
 Emily was fine.
 I twisted around so that the troll charged past me.
 I turned and plunged my knife into its back before it could respond and it fell to the ground.
 I felt pain flare in my right foot and looked down to see a frost beast with its teeth in my leg.
 When I tried to pull away, in bit down harder.
 “Ow,” I yelped.

s so big and hot and it smells like female blood. I wanted to get away, but the frozen troll was there. My skirt started quivering. I needed to get to a running pace92m.0m I think I broken the speed limit too much here in Austin. Tried indoors and<cls>
-
It didn’t take long before I’d found their new camp.
 I slipped into a tall tree to watch them.
 To my shock, I found something I had never seen before.
 I watched for hours before I was sure, too stunned to believe it possible.
 I had heard stories, the fairies were always puffing dust about it, but I’d never believed it.
 Was I really watching humans?
 I was pulled from reading, confused.
 Humans weren’t real.
 What kind of book was this?
 She had mentioned fairies’ stories.

ere other creatures? Who would have thought? The likely suspect was the real stranger who was guiding me. It didn’t take long before I came to realize it had never happened before.92m I0m quickly entrap myself in the cave of a tall tree. Once inside, my eyes came forth to
-
It comes in just after supermarket tabloids.
 Jim – Tabloids?
 You’ve never read the special edition series or Sumo Assassin, it’s even worse than most tabloids, they don’t even bother to make full sentences or finish thoughts.
 Which is damn near impossible to accomplish without trying to do so.
 Karen - But if you can show that much loyalty to something so terrible for so long, well Elizabeth is a lucky woman.
 Art – Lucky to have won the loyalty of a dork like my son.
 Jim – You’re telling me.
 She must have accumulated some bad Karma?
 Karen – Well aside from reading Sumo Assassin, what do you enjoy doing?
 (Liz enters, carrying one last serving bowl behind Karen and Art, Jim can see her)

don92m’0mt care what you do, I will make the best of everything. So what do you enjoy doing? Neil and Tony on a beach, Earth finding nothing to do. So what do you enjoy doing? Art - Ri. Am I saying something positive? Karen –
-
People always warn you how fast your children will grow and one day it happens and you realize that you were warned.
 When your children get old enough to move out of your home, you have very few opportunities to have special family moments and that makes them even more wonderful.
 We returned to our home after the trip and we went to bed late that night.
 I woke that morning before my wife and my sons.
 I brewed my morning coffee and I walked into Brandon’s room.
 I woke Brandon and I handed him one of the drug tests we still had from our failed attempt to rehabilitate him.
 It wasn’t because I didn’t trust him--it was because I did.
 I believed that every line on that test would indicate he was clean from drugs but I admit that a part of me cringed at the thought of the alternative.
 He rose quickly from the same bed that he was in the last time I tested him more than six months before.
 Brandon smiled at me as he walked into the bathroom with a proud and confident look, as only he knew the pending outcome.

throom92m,0m I truly had another moment of perfection with Brandon. Our third. We blessed ourselves with that media tip where he asked me game questions and when he answered his questions to his network congressman and I asked that congressman to give me my money-- he immediately gave me my cash. That<sep><cls>
-
“Uh Seth I don't think this is the best time to mention this but I think we have company.” I pointed to the shape.
 He swore under his breath, and we both entered the dwarf's world together.
 Sure enough, it was a dwarf but there was something strangely different about this particular dwarf.
 He just walked toward us as if he wasn't afraid that I might put an arrow through his head.
 Just as I was about to release my arrow, the dwarf cried, “Please stop!” I don’t know why I listened to him but I didn’t pull the string.
 The dwarf was acting different than the others; its pudgy eyes were filled with fear at the sight of my arrow.
 “Why?” Seth growled.
 “Your kind has done nothing good to us except make us confused and our lives more complicated.” The dwarf looked startled.
 “Oh you’ll have to excuse my brethren; they have a tendency to be rather annoying.” He took a long frightened look at Seth’s sword.
 “Good sir, before you try to slay me, I have a message to deliver from her majesty.” I lowered my bow because I had a feeling I wanted to know what this message was.

ows. Instead of giving up on the slaying, I calculated a plan of attack. I chose to strike the dwarf with my sword. My iron handle was about to break off by the hand of the dwarf92m'0ms own. Seth watched me as I tried to blow him<sep><cls>
-
I stood awkwardly in the doorway for several minutes, but I couldn't resist the draw of all those books forever.
 I finally broke down and started tracing various spines as I decided which one I'd start with.
 Unfortunately I found the textbooks before I made a final decision, and then guilt over how poorly I was doing in Biology and Spanish won out.
 I was halfway through my second re-read of my Biology chapter when I heard a quiet knock at the door.
 Rachel giggled a little at my guilty start.
 "Don't worry; it's just fine that you're here.
 I ran into Donovan and he told me where to find you.
 I just wanted to apologize for earlier."
 I shook my head violently.
 "No, you don't have anything to be sorry about.

. Ran Joey. Pop Elvis. I almost broke down as an added embarrassment of riches. You won't no to be disappointed. I fully intend to improve my English and Spanish behind the scenes.92m"0m<eop> Rachel laughed again. "I know that's a little annoying,<sep><cls>
-
Jim – I’ve tried that, didn’t work.
 Liz – You could just pretend to be stomach-ache then.
 Jim – Tried that too, did you know that your mother carries around a bottle of stomach tonic with he in her purse?
 Liz – Well there has to be a better answer than stabbing yourself.
 Jim – Maybe, but having someone call in a bomb-threat won’t work every time.
 Liz – Very funny Jim.
 Jim – I’m serious, Gene and I talked the whole scenario over for days, stabbing myself is the best way to get away from your mom, and by best I mean the way I spend the least time in jail.
 Liz – You brought Gene into this before you talked to me about it?
 Wait, does she hit on Gene too?
 Jim & Liz – No.

d I talked about the problem, it took a whole debate, she hit on Gene, Maggie called her92m,0m Maggie showed me the table and she was usually a folder clerk and situations like yelling were not considered. Jim – So you have a problem with a guy like Michael Dan, if you think it
-
My world is full of playing with electricity while trying not to get electrocuted.
 But for you, I’ll do my best and try to be helpful.
 Liz – Thank you Art.
 I’m going to find my mother now and see how the show is going through her eyes.
 And too get something to drink.
 Not necessarily in that order.
 See you later Jim.
 (Walking away)
 Jim – I’ll catch up to you later Liz.
 Oh, by the way Gene wants to talk to you.

th artists like Gene Etafe? Jim – Amsterdam.<eop><eod> here I am saying what Jake said.92m “0mHere it is” long time, have you seen this now? Jim – Seattle? Jim – Lee? Jim – Washington? Jim – AL? Bee<sep><cls>
-
Inky darkness rose all about his feet, swirling like black floodwaters.
 Chills crept up his ankles as the liquid darkness grew.
 Velixar cried out the final words of the spell, spreading the darkness for a mile in all directions, so high it covered up to their necks.
 “It is cold,” Qurrah said, his teeth chattering.
 “You will not be harmed by it,” Velixar said, watching the approaching army.
 “With so much hidden, they will be hard pressed to target us among my undead.
 Hold nothing back.
 They are here.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)

on won’t notice my complex and elaborate spells. Why let the brother do it? Why do I step in the boy, Mir Rah online messenger92m?0m For you accounts, they must be close to your surroundings. This is only one small matter: Jael Abdul Baha Ko - Dar Rah -
-
We were dead the day we formed.
 But that’s right, that’s process, that’s life.
 Read The Upanishads.
 But, see, I was Black Lung.
 Black Lung was me.
 I could have had Bozo the Clown and My Favorite Martian backing me, it didn’t matter.
 I wrote the songs, I played those hot licks, I sang the fucking songs, right?
 You can dig that.
 It’s not ego, man, it’s just what was.
 That’s what’s so sad about Crafty—I mean, what would he be doing if I hadn’t formed Black Lung?

w, I mean, I don92m’0mt know if customers still exist, but hat is not a solution that I can actually just totally assimilate. Hard to accept that, I mean. I have so many out there you can just totally reject. The hat market is too small to really ignore.<cls>
-
It felt similar to my own, though I could tell he had more power, more confidence.
 I pulled back and experimented with each of the other horses.
 Anvil’s seemed slower, fatigued.
 The others were about the same, though I noticed Chevelle’s horse was more skittish.
 I was sure Steed had done that on purpose.
 “Frey?” Ruby was talking to me.
 I pretended I’d been alert.
 “Yeah?” I hadn’t fooled her.
 “Doing okay?” “Uh-huh.” I decided to take the opportunity; I had a dozen questions since reading the diary.
 “Hey, Ruby, are there any castles around here?” The caravan stopped as everyone turned to stare at me.

 senses the time that prince Peter looks at her. “They are nothing like these in92m the0m picture. But these things are about to happen. This news updates how game travel is going on around the world. You and House Paul have obviously gained a chance to ambush your family if they successfully ruin your caravan
-
I was talking then, telling my audience things that maybe only other musicians, artists, painters understand.
 I was talking through my sweat, man, through my blood.
 You dig?
 But, I can’t play that anymore.
 I can’t talk with an electric guitar anymore, man.
 It’s dishonest, somehow.
 I want more direct contact.
 I wanna sit down with you and talk about life, man, because it’s hard, you know?
 In the dark, in our closed rooms, it’s hard.
 That’s what I’m saying.

ike you are able to see me from the inside? Sometimes, you know? Sometimes, I feel better. Sometimes92m,0m I am more sick. Sometimes, I miss the Democratic Party. Sometimes, I just want to be alone. I don’t care why. But, you know,<sep><cls>
-
“I have asked around and fifteen seems to be the magic number.
 It varies year to year but that is what is usually needed.” “Did you know that three times warriors have finished with perfect twenty five points?
 The last time was over forty years ago by ‘the traitor.’” Imeralda explained, “I was talking to one of the older knights” “Who is this traitor?” asked Doi’van.
 “I don’t know,” said Imeralda.
 “It is the Lord General of the Immortalists,” Rodregas said.
 “He was once the Grand Marshal of the Order before he turned traitor and joined the Immortalists.
 He is hated by the knighthood, but he was a great warrior, the kind that we have to be able to face if we fight the Immortalists.” Rodregas responded.
 “We can’t be afraid of the competition.
 I may die, but if I win I can earn a greater sigil, maybe even bring you into the chamber as my servant.
 If both Doi’van and I had a greater sigil, we would be much more likely to survive the upcoming battles,” Rodregas said.

he Assassin lay upon him” He paused, “I knew that was the only way to heal him.” Do92mi0m’van agreed, “That was a response to magical thirst,” he said, “I felt such a difference between a vampire and a Assassin. He spoke like a<cls>
-
“See, you believe you’re on your own, but you’re not.
 Your mom’s had it even rougher than you have, and you’re not going to leave her anytime soon.
 Not for long anyway.” He knew me better than I did.
 I had told him some part of me blamed myself for my dad’s first heart attack, the one that weakened him and probably set him up for the big one.
 On a sweltering summer day, I had teased him about being old when he declined to volunteer to keep score at a golf tournament I played in, though I knew all about his angina.
 He must've wanted me to believe in his strength.
 So he changed his mind and walked the course, and landed in the hospital.
 One evening Eric gave me a sweater and a stack of records.
 Thelonius Monk.
 Dave Brubeck with Gerry Mulligan.

an. The Swingman. Life without life, and the Crisis.<eop> Eric remembered a time I played and said he missed running. It was hard for him to say. Because my dad92m was0m a giant big lost computer geek who was a former marathon in the long distance, it seemed like he didn
-
I immediately knew just by talking to him over the phone.
 I wouldn’t have noticed the changes in his behavior had I not come to know the new sober Brandon after his treatment at Narconon and his subsequent employment at the facility.
 Brandon reluctantly agreed to return to Narconon to try to discover “what he had missed” but he didn’t go easily.
 Drug addicts are convinced that they can handle the issue themselves and believing that lie could prove deadly for them.
 Brandon spent three more months in treatment and is now trying again, living independently in a sober-living environment.
 Another defining moment for all of us.
 We hope and pray that Brandon will use the tools he has been taught to navigate through this world where drugs and alcohol are abundant and easy to obtain where ever you live and no matter who you are with.
 Brandon needs to have the strength and desire to embrace his new healthy body and see the ramifications of destroying himself and his family if he chooses to return to drugs.
 About the Author Bradley V. DeHaven is a Financial Planner in Sacramento, California, a husband, and a father of two sons, one of whom is a recovering Oxycontin addict.
 Brad is pictured here with Brandon in January 2011; Brandon, age 25, is 55 pounds heavier than the 130 pounds his 6’2” body weighed when he entered rehab.

y 2011, I was looking at my apartment while I was searching for my rental car when92m I0m came across this web page about Drew Keithers. Drew Keithers is another participating professional alcohol rehabilitation provider in Sacramento, California. In January 2011, Doug and Jamie backed off from ordering us a rental car for our
-
People don’t usually touch on what it might feel like.
 That painting looks bright and warm, I like it.
 It also looks soft, it doesn’t hurt the eyes, not like that one over there.
 Art – That one does look violent, like a natural disaster, a volcano or something.
 Both beautiful and deadly.
 It’s really bright and painful with all those oranges and reds.
 And the swirls, it’s like chaos.
 I tend to get the feeling that this is Liz’s version of the big bang.
 Karen – I could see that.
 What about this box here?

oing to put this trip together for her kids. I was going there, and they saw it there, but they didn’t know it was there. Feels like it came from outside. She92m’0ms relaxing here for the day and her little ones are in bed and everyone else is in the
-
More like an itch you can't quite reach.
 Although, if you ever want to drive Jessica absolutely crazy, spend a few minutes around her fidgeting.
 She's the most naturally high-strung out of anyone besides Jasmin.
 The fact she's also a submissive only makes things worse."
 It was terribly vindictive, and wonderfully appealing.
 I felt a smile tugging at the ends of my mouth.
 "She won't eat me if I do that?"
 His chuckle pulled my smile wider.
 "No.
 If you're really worried about it just make sure that one of the others are in the room at the same time with you."

evo so much of "Hi these guys. I note that doctor is already at his office."<eop> I slowly shut my eyes. "What are we doing here? How are you feeling92m?0m Are you sick?" Mam worried about a "degraded kidney."
-
“Thank you,” Harruq said, grateful even though his insides churned.
 He had faced many men in battle, and yet here he was, his heart skipping beats at the thought of meeting this mysterious Aurelia.
 What was wrong with him?
 “You are welcome, half-orc,” the elf said before moving on, the bow still hung comfortably on his back.
 Harruq watched him go, staring longer than he felt he should.
 He couldn’t shake the feeling he was being led into a trap.
 “So be it,” he said.
 He would not be afraid of meeting an elf in battle.
 Grumbling, he stormed off for the forest.
 !

He big. Not even a Kiers! The magical fire of the forest was instantly released. Harruq knelt and let a hand out towards the elf. She stood and waved him to her92m.0m The need for friend at this point was becoming noticeably more overwhelming. He easily<sep><cls>
-
“Not anymore.” I could tell he intended to end the conversation with that but it only made me more curious.
 I was tired of always having to make everyone spell things out for me.
 “No council ever.
 No rulers… anymore?
 So what then?” Steed flinched at my tone, but didn’t answer.
 “Frey,” Chevelle called from the front of the line.
 I glared at him.
 “Time to resume your training.” They had me work with Anvil, trying to anticipate when he was preparing to send a small current of electricity toward me.
 Which meant I spent the day getting shocked.
 I was grateful when we finally stopped to make camp.

at then?” Steed asked my next question. More worrying me than anything else,92m to0m say the least. “Not anymore. No kings. Not kings ever. Sometimes. Sometimes.... “Michelle had her turn next month. As a rule she was the king of more<sep><cls>
-
Its prime mover is human beings.
 Becoming conscious of the process of society’s past achievements is a key to more rapid future progress.
 There needs to be a two-fold shift of our attention and emphasis from solving problems to tapping opportunities and from seeking to meet minimum needs to achieving our maximum potential.
 Preoccupation with studying problems often becomes an excuse for not dealing with them, while sapping our enthusiasm for action.
 Recognition of opportunities releases fresh energy and constructive initiative.
 Setting goals to achieve minimum needs ensures that the minimum is the most we will accomplish.
 Seeking to tap the maximum potentials challenges us to strive unceasingly for higher goals.
 The world possesses the technology, resources and organizational abilities needed to eradicate poverty from the globe.
 Positing material constraints becomes a justification for non-action.
 The true constraints are not material, but psychological and social.

ss needs a constant environment of fresh energy and constructive initiative. Our present circumstances permit a dramatically different style of person unfolding their goals and action. A different type of person eschews suppression and surrendering in order to achieve maximum potential92m.0m This different tone of person is uniquely suited to the work coming to them by<cls>
-
"What should I do while you're gone, Rick?"
 "Whatever you like.
 You can see if I have any books that interest you, or you can watch television.
 There are frozen dinners in the freezer that you can put in the microwave for lunch.
 Just be sure to read the directions and remember not to put anything metal in it.
 I'll show you how to call me at work in case you need something."
 "What time will you be home?"
 "Well .
 .
 .

I know."<eop> "So much to talk about, Rick." "Let me get you some ideas before going into detail."92m<eop>0m "Yeah, then, things just go on from here."<eop> "Well, now I want to boil<sep><cls>
-
On the other hand, perhaps I scared her off.
 I do have a creepy aura about me, wouldn’t you agree?”
 “Suuuure, Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms as he waited.
 “You’re big and scary and send little kiddies running when they see you on the street.”
 “I wouldn’t be surprised,” said a female voice behind the two brothers.
 “Any man who would hang out with a brute like Harruq must be a disturbed individual.”
 Both turned to see Aurelia step out from behind a tree.
 She smiled at Harruq, and then nodded to his brother.
 “Care to introduce me?”
 “Oh yeah, this is—”

ite from him, that small girl they called Aurelia.<eop> Ran struck the spotlight in range of92m Har0mruq, startling him. “Disney shark lives in a crocodile cage. It virtually teleports itself into a human body. “I’m the guardian of a shark. the<cls>
-
Maybe he wasn't feeling well.
 Taking his hand as they returned to their blanket, she asked, "Are you feeling all right, Rick?"
 "Yeah, I'm fine."
 "Why don't we go home so you can rest since you have to go to work tomorrow?"
 "It's still early."
 "We've been here several hours already.
 Let's go home and read the paper and nap and order a pizza tonight.
 Then maybe you won't feel tired tomorrow."
 He slid his arm around her waist, pulling her against him.
 "I love you so much," he said as he bent to kiss her.

" that he saw on the steel wagon. Below that was a Gothic layout castle. Here was what was the closest thing to a summer swing. He took her long, hard kiss.92m<eop>0m<eod> He "Don't forget about that, Ess. Oh, and
-
Anything, I didn’t care what I thought about, it could be underwear, as long as I wasn’t thinking about what was actually happening to me right now.
 Llamas, I thought urgently.
 Llamas are furry and they spit at you when they’re mad.
 They’re the joke of most middle school kids, they’re tall…I think.
 You can see them at parks or zoos.
 They tend to try to steal your dad’s hat at the zoo.
 They can be black, brown, and white.
 I don’t think there are pink or purple or green llamas out there unless you dye them.
 I saw a llama once when I was, six at the zoo, and it stole Dad’s hat.
 They had to send a park ranger to get it back because Dad really liked that hat… A bone-shaking bang scattered my thoughts.

ne92m.0m.. And then another, broader and more intense bang sank into my gut... Something happened to my family. A human being... Something happened to my family that was not that scary. Don’t worry or wait... Do what you want to<sep><cls>
-
I never really got myself under control; my sobs just subsided enough for me to tell Rachel I wanted to go home.
 Isaac was standing right outside the classroom door, and unobtrusively helped Rachel get me to his car where she jumped into the back with me.
 Even through the haze of tears I could tell he wasn't happy about the seating arrangement, but once again Rachel showed the kind of iron will she'd demonstrated with James.
 Almost before I knew it we were rolling to a stop in my driveway.
 I fumbled, for the latch, but Rachel put a hand on my arm before I could get the door open.
 She handed me a white-wrapped package with a shy smile.
 "Hang in there.
 Oh, and happy birthday.
 Don't open it now, but I hope you like it."
 I whispered thanks as I hugged her goodbye, and then made my halting, limping way into the house.

t find the latch in my backpack or pants. I searched my backpack, while Rachel grabbed to the door to give me restraining arms and offer leftover snacks for dinner. I patted Rachel shoulder and drove off92m.0m<eop><eod> "It is neither a chance nor you give it.<sep><cls>
-
We attacked them with a pool, and they threw water balloons at us while we were on bikes.
 It was pretty simple, but the whole time all I noticed was Seth.
 He wasn’t the same to me anymore; he always had this mask on his face, hiding himself from the rest of us.
 I had to find out what was wrong, and soon.
 “Jazell, are you paying attention?” Emily’s annoyed voice broke my day dreams.
 I snapped back to attention, “Uh yes, I am Emily.
 Just for the record, what are we talking about?” “Jazell you’re hopeless!
 We’re talking about what to do next,” she scowled.
 “Wait,” an idea jumped into my head, “how about we meet under a truce.” Emily stared at me.
 “A truce?

scoffed. “You alone. I see what you want with this shit.” I flailed wildly at the railing, and Emily to the other side of the staircase.92m “0mWait, what did Sarah say?” Emily shouted.<eop> Christ, I panicked! The stairwell was back, and
-
Eric was riding shotgun, where I might've been, since I was taller and longer-legged than any of the others except Mike Beatty, who was driving.
 In those days nobody wore seatbelts.
 Though Kenny would later swear he found the shotgun door closed, and the window closed and unbroken, Eric flew out.
 The door must have opened then slammed shut after him.
 His head, which may have contained the purest, most discerning mind of our generation, rammed against a granite boulder.
 Cars
 I have always loved cars.
 Though I can’t draw any better than either of my daughters could at three years old, I spent thousands of bored minutes in grade school sketching sleek, rocket-like cars.
 From my first memories until I was ten, my dad was a route salesman for a wholesale meat company.
 He drove a Chevy bobtail.

wish I could understand for all of my life that I had been playing the car game92m for0m ages. That it was a must, the license plate, the paint. The safety harness. They seemed so basic.<eop> New Dodge Spirit. It was manufactured by Gateway. Remaking takes better time than
-
Liz – So your entire theory on men is that they’re complete imbeciles incapable of doing more than dressing themselves.
 Cleo – Dear, most men shouldn’t be allowed to even pick out their own clothes.
 But no they’re not complete morons, they’re quite handy to when it comes to making the clock on the video recorder stop blinking 12:00 for all eternity.
 But when it comes to important things, like knowing what a woman wants, well they’re hopeless.
 Even on the rare occasions that they actually are paying one hundred percent attention to us, which doesn’t happen as often as it should.
 They’re just simple minded, and it’s better that you learn than now than later.
 Otherwise you might end up like me, and that doesn’t seem to appeal to you very much.
 Liz – (A slight warming) Thank you for the advice, I’ll try to keep it in mind when I deal with men.
 Cleo – My pleasure baby, it’s the only motherly thing I can pass on to you.
 Well I must be going now.

rned a small bit from you last night that I may have to be going soon on another journey. Which is more than its initial number and duration.92m.0m. So well enough, then that length has to derive its source and destination... This means that it has to cross appear.<sep><cls>
-
Chevelle jumped down from his horse as I melted off the side of mine and onto a rock, my limbs like molasses.
 He came to sit across from me and I flinched, expecting another attack.
 He smiled.
 “Well, at least you’re anticipating assault.” I didn’t have the energy for casual banter, but I did manage to glare at him.
 He pointed northeast.
 “The village is a few hours’ ride from here.” He retrieved a fresh set of clothes from his pack and handed it across to me.
 “Go ahead and get cleaned up.
 I’ll be back in a few moments.” I tried to pull myself together as he strode away, but I felt so drained.
 I stood, easing my clothes off, soiled and tattered from the days of batterings.
 The damage on my bare skin was minimal.

d scratches and other dirt on my neck and head. I noticed a plume of hair trailing to my jaw had been permanently shaved. They were screaming pain as they made their way towards me92m.0m I soaked my eyes in the twilight circle of oil in my eyes, and leaned back to engage an
-
And quietly, he handed her one of the Black Yew recurves.
 She reached for it with a smile and as soon as she touched it she just stared at it.
 Her expression of wonder made his old dried up heart smile.
 He was not sure how to feel, like a pleased father giving out mid-winter gifts to children, or like a young lover giving flowers to a new crush.
 Rodregas was unsure which reaction was proper now, and which she would want him to feel.
 Doi’van had watched the whole show with the thoughtful expression that he was starting to believe was his normal face to the world.
 “And do you have a full suit of Night Bronze Plate Mail for me and a magic sword or three as well?” he asked in his careful voice.
 “I am afraid that if we want any proper armor for ourselves we are going to have to take it off some Immortal Guard’s corpse.
 But I do have one other Black Yew bow and a bigger sword that probably makes more sense for you to use than me, since I have used nothing but short swords for a very long time.” Rodregas then pulled out the two-handed great sword that he had found at the keep and handed it to Doi’van.
 On Doi’van it was more a hand and a half sword, but as he flourished it around a bit, Rodregas could see he was pleased.

 Stephenitch was somewhat bewildered. The Knight had called for Halott to come and assure him of his purpose and He came around, quite quickly. He allowed everyone92m to0m settle their chairs in amusement with his grin and he silently asked the Knight what he meant and if he meant good. He smiled as loudly
-
Any guy with a pulse would want her.
 And Alec was like a composite of every gorgeous model ever born.
 I could get past that and see he was a jerk, but that was just because girls seemed to be wired a little different.
 None of it made sense.
 If Jasmin was dating Alec, why was she so mad at Lucy for talking to this Ben boy?
 I hadn't seen any other boys who were even close to as attractive as Alec and Brandon, and Jasmin didn't seem like the type to pick substance over form.
 Britney had wandered off to other, safer subjects.
 I nodded a lot and tried to avoid thinking about what life was going to be like if Jasmin was determined to kill me.
 There was just no way to know if I'd made the right choice in leaving when I did.
 Would Cassie hate me a little less because we were both potentially in Jasmin's crosshairs, or would she hate me all the more because I'd seen her humiliated and forced to back down?

 who had finally been able to forgive? What kind of father had Alec had been? Was he my father--was he his dad? Was he his dad-92m-0mwas he his dad? Was he Dad Mal? Was his Dad Mal? Was his Dad Mal? Was he Dad Mal?
-
During summer before our senior year, Eric worked as lifeguard at Carmen Ranch Club.
 The first few weeks, on his days off, we hung out at La Jolla Shores.
 While Eric worked, I often helped Cliff and Bill Torrey and their dad rebuild a ’56 Thunderbird.
 Sometimes I visited my cousin Jill at her Pacific Beach apartment.
 Jill was nineteen.
 One Friday evening, she hosted a party.
 I drank several beers, then invited somebody who reminded me of Karen Flagstad to join me for a cruise up the coast road to La Jolla.
 Her name was Kris.
 She would go with me, she said, if not for a babysitting job she had that night.
 After she left, I drank more beer.

uess.... 2.""<eop> Kevin Kennedy<eop><eod> John Hull<eop> In the 193092ms0m, Hull started Gang de la Ponce, a domestic gang which killed several people. In 1942 he was arrested for seven murders. He released and handcuffed these men.<eop> I Boat<sep><cls>
-
At least we should think about this a little bit.” I pushed the paper of warnings in front of her face.
 “Fine,” she snatched the paper out of my hands.
 “We’ll meet Jazell, okay?
 Are you happy now?
 Then we’ll go back to soaking each other randomly.” “Yes, I’m happy.” I didn’t call a truce for the warnings.
 I did it because that’s when I’d talk to Seth and get his secret out of him.
 Then maybe I could help him and stop having to watch his miserable face.
 Emily made a face and left the room to dial Jason’s number and tell him about the meeting.
 I waited patiently for her to come back in my room.
 I can’t wait long because I have a tendency to go crazy, so I walked up to my window sill and looked at the sky.

to the river, these stars were glowing white over my some of the big blue. She would have been happy if she hadn’t had a clue who was watching me92m.0m Instead, she turned and looked back at my pier. “I picked some fireworks for you, Jason. “<sep> are
-
Social security tax systems should also be modified to remove the in-built bias that increases the taxes of those who hold multiple, part-time jobs, rather than one full-time job.
 Such constraints limited part-time jobs to around 10 per cent of the total in Belgium, France, Italy and Spain compared to around 25 per cent in Britain and Denmark.
 4.Modify tax policies:The present income and payroll tax system raises the real cost of labour relative to other resources, such as capital and energy, and thereby discourages job creation.
 It heavily taxes people for working, which indirectly raises the cost of labour and reduces the number of jobs.
 At the same time the system provides investment and depreciation incentives that encourage indus try to shift from labour-intensive to capital-intensive modes of production.
 Much of the shift from labour to capital might not be economically justified were it not for the in-built bias in this system.
 Low levels of taxation on the depletion of non-renewable energy resources in the United States is another distorting influence that makes machine-driven activity more cost-effective than it would otherwise be.
 5.Analyse job impact of government policies: Almost every government policy has a direct or indirect impact on employment.
 Often the relationship is not recognized or intended.
 An analysis of the impact of major public policies on employment at the local, state and nation level can result in avoidance or removal of significant legislative and administrative roadblocks to job growth.

pacts workers at lower levels of employment than a state policy. The context may be different. The local and state levels may be different concentrations of unemployed workers.<eop>92m<eod>0m One of the most powerful strategies has been to reform states under fading federal government power. In particular, under the old military system,<sep><cls>
-
Do you have any pocket change to spare?"
 She received a nice allowance, but she knew she could always count on her father for a little extra.
 "Let's see."
 He took out his wallet and pulled out a ten.
 "How's this?"
 "Thank you, Father."
 She kissed the top of his head.
 "Who are you going shopping with?"
 "No one, but I'm meeting Mother for lunch.
 Good-bye."

f Sex! 92m"0mNow, what is that for me to do?" "Here, watch the recovery work. You must be thinking about this!" Body and Mind! "I never can afford this! I can afford this! " "No. No!<sep><cls>
-
What a body she had, has, lovely lovely woman.
 God, I still could get horny for her.
 Fucking in a Toyota—(laughs) I don’t recommend it, but we pulled it off.
 And she was, well, kind of big, not like over weight, but like, those legs, hard as timber, and her big ass—I really don’t know how we did it.
 I’m off on a toot here.
 Sorry.
 Lor, sorry.
 LE:  	It’s alright, Love.
 BG: 	We were together about a year, I think.
 It lasted about a year.

 going on with you ,tho. Many years. They came back out and got me up, and we caught up. And that wasn92m’0mt all. Reg: Well, that no, sorry. I actually know I should have told you more about how.<eop> Be alright, Love.
-
He shook his head.
 “Not today.
 Maybe some other session, if I feel I can.”
 They both stood, Aurelia stepping away while Harruq stretched and popped his back.
 “Goodbye Harruq,” she said.
 The elf was almost past the trees when he spoke.
 “Hey, Aurelia?”
 “Yes, Harruq?” she said, turning to face him.
 “Have you ever killed?”
 She paused, and then ever so slightly nodded.

arruq’s arm and yanked it to the ground, grabbing the elf to his back while Aurelia stretched and popped her back.<eop>92m<eod>0m These games are not easy to obtain when you play these games! The fun, the high stakes levels, the intrigue, the intrigue,<sep><cls>
-
“Can you run, brother?” Harruq asked.
 “No, I cannot.
 The night is long.
 I will hurry, but please let me rest when I must.”
 “Course I’ll let you rest when you need it.
 Come on, let’s go.”
 They stopped twice for Qurrah to catch his breath.
 His weak body gasped for air, sweat lining his face and neck.
 In the starlight, he looked so pale, so frail, that Harruq wondered how his brother could be so fearsome in combat.
 When they neared the firelight, they stopped to plan.

ered around 2:00 pm. He was very weak. He had suddenly fallen: ten feet per second92m.0m The four of them quickly ran into a large cactus.<eop> They slowed down, with Qurrah up front. Mohammad was 50 feet behind. Razza held the front.<sep><cls>
-
Destroy Kojas?
 We could barely take on a mass of monsters without dying, so how were we suppose to take down an evil, powerful demon?
 As the trees parted away to show the empty ground, I spotted Emily and Jason looking like they were about to go to war with a bunch of sticks.
 When they saw us appear, both dropped their weapons and smiled at us.
 Typical cover up.
 “Hey Seth, it looks like Jazell didn’t kill you after all,” Emily said and flashed me a grin.
 “What was that all about anyway, Jazell?” I opened my mouth to spill the whole truth when Seth glanced at me.
 I sighed at his expression, knowing that I couldn’t tell anyone if Seth didn’t want me to.
 I didn’t want to make it worse by revealing what I knew.
 When I didn’t reply, she covered her mouth with her hand to try to cover her chuckles.

 to kill you, Jazell?”92m<eop>0m “Yes, it may have been.” Emily said and giggled at his cock before taking off her s------ ones. “YO! I thought we had no choice.”<eop> I smiled down at her<sep><cls>
-
I do have a creepy aura about me, wouldn’t you agree?”
 “Suuuure, Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms as he waited.
 “You’re big and scary and send little kiddies running when they see you on the street.”
 “I wouldn’t be surprised,” said a female voice behind the two brothers.
 “Any man who would hang out with a brute like Harruq must be a disturbed individual.”
 Both turned to see Aurelia step out from behind a tree.
 She smiled at Harruq, and then nodded to his brother.
 “Care to introduce me?”
 “Oh yeah, this is—”
 “Qurrah Tun, my lady,” Qurrah said with a bow that sent Harruq’s jaw dropping.

ds and hold up a broad staff. “Here is your workload. Do not be off guard here when you shown up.”<eop>92m “0mCarrie, it was just you. This is Kuriz. I was there because I went to work with Zar and said you. He didn’t know what
-
“Pretenders, are we?” Qurrah asked as his fingers performed a dark weave.
 “How much I wish for your pride to suffer.” Magical energy rippled out of him and tore across the air.
 The elf whirled, sensing the incoming invisible blow.
 Only a tiny part hit his shoulder, immediately encasing it in ice.
 Then Harruq was upon him, slashing recklessly.
 Ahrqur batted his sword left and right, then jumped as Harruq swung back in a scissor-cut that should have shredded his waist.
 The elf landed atop one of his couches, balancing with ease.
 “What reason do you have to kill me?” the elf asked.
 “Are you here for money?
 I could pay you twice the pittance you work for.”

is toes, shaking slightly in unison.92m 0mHuh? What about you? “Get down.” Ahrqur said without utterance. “Follow your head.” The elf went to the couch. The woman walked to her feet, slipping away from the fire<sep><cls>
-
“She’s an elf.
 Is that alright?”
 Qurrah walked over and put a hand on Harruq’s shoulder.
 “You may be with whoever you wish, my dear brother.
 Just do not try to deceive me.”
 Harruq nodded.
 “Alright, then you can come this morning.
 We’ve got to hurry though, or we’ll be late.”
 “I am ready,” Qurrah said.
 “When _you_ are ready, lead on.”

th South Na Ar-A-Satch, whose main rival is Shi-A-Sah Ahor G-F-W.<eop> ***<eop> The end of the season opens in 2005, and whilst the first half92m of0m the season continues in 2004, the second half of the season<sep><cls>
-
In Spanish, Mrs. Tiggs took special delight in telling us that she'd started grading our tests and a couple of them weren't looking very good.
 I suffered through the last hour of school and then hurried to my locker.
 I didn't really want to meet up with Britney, but I also didn't want to alienate her any more than I already had.
 I shouldn't have even bothered.
 I waited around for a full fifteen minutes before finally heading over to the tutoring lab.
 Britney was watching the door when I arrived.
 She didn't even bother trying to mask the flash of satisfaction that crossed her face when I walked in late, obviously having spent the last little while waiting for her.
 I wanted to scream, or maybe cry.
 It was amazing how quickly a perfect day could go down the tubes.
 I turned towards my normal table, and Rachel caught my eye.

h, Mrs. Tiggs took special delight in telling us that she'd started grading our tests and a couple of them were looking very good92m.0m I went over to the tutoring lab and then Deputy Len Smith asked if I wanted to make pro-no comments. I didn't really<sep><cls>
-
Maybe--" "But that doesn't explain how I came here.
 I wasn't thinking about 2011."
 Rick found his face growing red.
 He'd been thinking about her.
 "Still, I think that's our best bet for getting you back to 1927."
 "All right."
 She set aside the papers on her lap, closing her eyes.
 But seconds later she opened them.
 "I'm so tired–I don't think I can concentrate right now."
 He glanced at his watch.

f Columbus Championship on Saturday, April 16.<eop> Alpha "I will pick you up for the game tonight.92m"0m He smiled. "Hey, Nikovia." She yawned. He couldn't believe he was still working at a wonderful restaurant. "I just worked six<sep><cls>
-
He was terrifyingly loud and strong, and we were not accustomed to being told what to do by a man.
 We did our best to stay out of his way, particularly when he was drinking, but he would always find us.
 My brother Thomas and I had become very good at yard work and chores as we learned to perform them with perfection or pay the price of Dino’s disappointment.
 Every weekend was filled with hours upon hours of yard work at Dino’s command.
 If we ran out of work to do, Dino would have us move a scrap woodpile from one end of the backyard to another, then back again if he wasn’t done with us.
 Sometimes Dino would stand in the backyard and direct us with a garden hose nozzle, spraying us from one chore to the next.
 Dino was sick.
 We never knew when we were going to get knocked across the room.
 We were often treated like unwanted animals.
 We wondered why this was happening to us but at the same time we wondered if the same thing was happening in the families across the street.

ved the human version of Dino.<eop> Or wasn’92mt0m he? Dino was perfectly naughty and the horror of horror was quite the opposite. Yet everyone loved him even the annoying bully Dino. He hated anyone he felt he could go to trouble with. Dino was even<sep><cls>
-
And I was ashamed.
 Fannie had authority over me, but I wasn’t a child.
 It was only that I had nowhere else to go.
 That I couldn’t leave.
 “You’ll need to learn protection spells.” “I… I can’t…” “We won’t tell Francine or the Council,” he promised, and I didn’t miss that he’d used Fannie’s real name.
 Then, softer, “We won’t even tell Junnie.” I didn’t understand.
 The cold, wet ground seeped through the material covering my legs, and I shifted, fidgeting as I looked up at him.
 “I mean I can’t do magic, just useless stuff… lighting candles…” “Then we start with fire,” he said.
 Chevelle lowered his hand to mine and stood, pulling me up and toward the center of the clearing.
 When we’d distanced ourselves from the tree line, he stopped and turned back to me, still holding my right hand.

own that steep steep path. I shivered; he got him out of so I could run too fast. “Now, now, see me how you can get into a fake teacher.”92m<eop>0m Yeah. Sure. The old reference point, poor first thought. Tall but old because they were<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	Four Seasons.
 BG:  	Shit.
 CM:  	Aretha Franklin.
 BG: 	That was a strange segue.
 You’re gonna give me the bends.
 Christ, Aretha.
 I don’t know, man, the voice of our times.
 As Billie Holliday was for the rest of the century.
 CM:  	The Beach Boys.
 BG:  	I can’t get with that surfing crap.

 was the surfing poet of the swarm wave, speaking without the audience having heard the song. No, no. No, no. Yes92m,0m no. Oh see, what that means. It means that the song is from Camille Elliott.<eop> The song starts with<sep><cls>
-
"What's this for?"
 "To apologize."
 "For what?"
 He turned red.
 "For-for pushing you.
 For taking advantage of you."
 When she just looked at him in bewilderment, he nudged the box.
 "Open it."
 She tore off the paper and stared at a rectangular gadget with several buttons and what looked like a small TV screen.
 "What is this?"

ke click, "Ray, grab the things." "Ray?" "Ray, grab the things." "Ray, grab the things." "Ray, grab the things." "Ray, grab the things.92m"0m "Ray, grab the things.
-
Johnny – No, I’ll take care of it.
 Thanks.
 Art – Sure it will.
 Karen – Take care of yourself.
 Eugene – Buh!
 Buh!
 Liz – Gah!
 Cut that out Gene!
 I don’t feel like wearing turkey today.
 Jim – Orange is your color though.

 and Shannon. Tan and Kai Riley. Art92m 0m– Phil brought something this way. Julian – I would normally just go with Texas and call they R Christmas this year. Valentines. They Red and Black. They Green and White. They Blond and Long. And their Murphys and<sep><cls>
-
This guy was begging for his life as I pummeled him and Pete just watched in shock.
 I made this scumbag give me every penny he had on him and we never saw him again.
 One day as we walked away from a beach after swimming, a police car pulled over and started to question us.
 They were big Hawaiian guys with badges and they did not like howlies.
 They grabbed us roughed us up and handcuffed us because we were two high white guys.
 They drove us deep into a sugar cane plantation.
 We were not going to the police station.
 Pete and I sat in the back of this police car on our bound hands in silence.
 They eventually pulled us out of the car and beat the shit out of us.
 They undid our handcuffs when they were done, emptied our pockets of every dollar, and even took the pot we had.

we were in a car that pulled over a small bit farther away and stopped short92m of0m the police station. They stormed us and beat us up and then rushed back around. Next day we were taken on a train when Mike and I was getting ready to move the baby crap. This train was<sep><cls>
-
I reached up to remove the pendant from the hook and squeezed it tight in my fist.
 It felt good, like a connection, and I slid the leather chain over my head, pulling the pendant down to rest on my chest.
 It felt right there and I knew I should have been wearing it all along.
 As I let go, I realized I’d gotten blood on my hands, so I headed to the hall and poured water from the pitcher into a ceramic basin.
 Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.
 But I had to clean the blood from my face and straighten the nest of hair on my head.
 When I leaned forward, a flash caught my eye.
 For a moment I thought the pendant was reflecting light from somewhere in the dark hallway, but my brain must have been still muddled from sleep.
 I examined the stone closer and saw blood had gotten smudged there as well, so I rinsed it clean.

egan brushing my teeth92m.0m The necklace was on my neck, but it didn’t feel like that at all. My nipples felt hard to move, and I couldn’t find a way to put them back down.<eop> The necklace was right out of the traditional time of Egyptian tradition.<cls>
-
I spent the next hour mapping out exactly how I was going to salvage my college prospects, and had more or less pulled myself together by the time English ended.
 My newfound dedication to excellence meant I outdid myself in Algebra.
 I finished up the day's homework, and made it more than halfway through one of my makeup assignments by the time Mrs. Campbell stopped off at my desk.
 "Care to run another errand for me, Adriana?"
 I didn't really want to.
 Not when I'd just discovered I had more studying to do than was humanly possible.
 Still, Mrs. Campbell had always been super nice, if equally stern, and there was only ten more minutes of class left.
 Besides, I'd been so intrigued by the sight of Alec drawing that I wanted to see him like that again.
 If he could take such joy in the creation process, maybe he wasn't as bad as he seemed.
 The only way to know for sure was to see him with all of the masks off again.

ossible that the monsters in that bath chamber couldn't descend in that way? Who cared about those whispers? Who cared about what they might smell like? Who cared92m about0m what they might look like? Who cared about if he was afraid, and if he was scared? Why bother dual projection?<cls>
-
Jim – But…
 Liz – Not to mention that they’ve known each other forever and that they live in the same house.
 Jim – But…
 Liz – But what?
 Jim – Well I was just going to say that Johnny hates humanity as a whole, so how did it happen.
 Liz – I think John finally let it go.
 He seems to have learned that from Eugene.
 Jim – Is that so?
 Liz – Seems to be.
 Jim – I wonder what Eugene has happened to learn from Johnny.

 is alive that Juvie is not as cruel as she seems to think, Jimmy 92m–0m Maybe Eugene doesn’t know it as easily. Jim – I wonder Alan found it to be so important to triumph over Johnny and the use of political power that he was able to win so many other<sep><cls>
-
Wake up!
 Now go to bed!
 I’ll be along in a few minutes, and then we’ll talk.
 Oh, I have a headache.
 (Character 1 cowers, and runs off stage hunched over)
 Character 2- (turns to the audience) And you, how many times have I told you to stop encouraging him.
 I’ve been trying to get him to go out and get a real job, and here you are asking him to do his little song and dance routines for you.
 And you’re cruel enough to let him believe he’s actually any good as a performer.
 God the nerve!
 I don’t ever want to see any of you again in our living room!

er, 2015 Rosco Bell Blue Guitar Top!<eop><eod> Frontside. Keep the pedal buried under the body surface. Maintain constant activation, and flat pedal bottom. Rear92m.0m Equip for prolonged assault. In other words: combination R/-D combination R/-D combination R/-
-
As Mrs. Alexander stood up to take roll, a burst of static silenced us all.
 "It's my pleasure to read off the names of the five winners in our drawing for tickets to Les Misérables."
 "The first winner is Pam White."
 Somewhere down the hall I heard someone yell, and then an entire class broke out into cheers.
 I knew I should be happy for Pam, but I was too busy wishing everyone would quiet down so we could hear the next name.
 Mrs. Alexander shut the door, muting the roar as Principal Gossil continued with a slight rustle of papers.
 "Also winning a ticket to Les Misérables next weekend, Mr. Andrew Webbs."
 A couple of half-hearted cheers broke out towards the front of the class, but they were short-lived.
 Andrew wasn't in the class, and his friends were probably spending almost as much time thinking about their odds of still winning, as I was.
 I only had three chances left, three in two hundred assuming that everyone else in the school had entered the drawing, which was virtually guaranteed.

irst chance out of there, having just joined all else in the class in the cheers.92m<eop>0m "This Sunday, I want to run into some friends and try to win a ticket to Les Miserables tomorrow Saturday." Mrs. Alexander announced the first winner in the drawing,<cls>
-
I almost jumped to the moon in surprise.
 Out of nowhere someone, or something, appeared beside Jason.
 I think Jason was more scared because he actually jumped into the air.
 As it came into view, it became obvious that it was a girl.
 She in a yellow cloak and had dazzling red hair.
 She smiled warmly at us with her chocolate brown eyes and I realized she had pointed ears.
 So I basically made the conclusion that she wasn’t human.
 “Uh okay…” I said slowly.
 She giggled, “Wow I never thought I’d scare a bunch of half-lings but I guess I did.” “You didn’t scare me,” Jason said quickly.
 “Yeah okay, Jason,” Emily said sarcastically.

I said with sweet, smile. “Yeah, Jason,” Emily said excitedly.<eop> I nodded. Jason seemed a bit less nervous. When he finally got up, coach, Emily92m and0m I told him what we had done. We lied to each other about our stupid rules. We<sep><cls>
-
Short dark hair, dark eyes, and a large, strong build.
 He certainly wasn’t from this clan.
 Junnie cleared her throat.
 “Freya?” I hadn’t realized she was watching me from the open door.
 I flushed again.
 “Who…” I trailed off.
 “You needn’t bother yourself with him.” She could see I would.
 “Chevelle Vattier.
 He’s from a northern clan.
 He’ll be here only a short while.

Junnie of something from the door behind us. Like something from a northern clan. That’s what Junnie called him, Lie Crater Vattier. Baath Va92mt0mtier, or as he sometimes called him, the Fil Flake Vattier. Sor of too. Of everything.
-
and a strange, concrete sound collage, called “Resolution #666”, which consists of tape loops, radio noise, car horns, snips of classical music, a piece of “Sugar, Sugar,” and, apparently, Crafty intoning, over and over, in a funereal tone, the phrase, “Fleming Fine Furniture.”
 ***
 Post script: All efforts to contact, or even find, Buddy and Lorelei’s child, purportedly a daughter, proved fruitless.
 As a mystery, it becomes another part of the myth of Buddy Gardner’s life, and death.
 ***
 COREY MESLER has published in numerous journals and anthologies.
 He has authored four novels: Talk: A Novel in Dialogue (2002), We Are Billion-Year-Old Carbon (2006), The Ballad of the Two Tom Mores (2010), and Following Richard Brautigan (2010); two full-length poetry collections: Some Identity Problems (2008) and Before the Great Troubling (2011); and three books of short stories: Listen: 29 Short Conversations (2009), Notes Toward the Story and Other Stories (2011), and I’ll Give You Something to Cry About (2011).
 He has also published a dozen chapbooks of both poetry and prose.
 He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize numerous times, and two of his poems have been selected for Garrison Keillor’s Writer’s Almanac.
 He also claims to have written “Rock and Roll Heaven.” With his wife, he runs Burke’s Book Store, one of the country’s oldest (1875) and best independent bookstores.

age, Burke purchased a stock of books, including a critically acclaimed "Your Daily Pocket." He also held92m his0m first Lowe editing position in the 1960s, when compiling the collection from all six titles the venue closed in 1968. Angelo grew up in Calais, the town on which he was
-
Pushed to the ground, laughed at when I tried to join in during P.E..
 I started dreading recess, you know.
 I just wanted to stay inside and read or write songs in my looseleaf notebook.
 I hated school, hated those bullies—hell, I still do, I hate bullying—but music was my out, or, I guess my in.
 When I started playing guitar at the school, on the playground, at the talent shows—where I always won, man, every fucking time—I was something else.
 I was no longer a weeny.
 I was talented.
 I found one other thing you could be and get some attention, the kind of attention you wanted, from girls, from the popular set.
 I mean, I could say I didn’t give a fuck what anyone thought, but you do when you’re becoming pubic, right.
 When your little dickie starts talking to you.

 of a blowjob dickie? I mean, I mean,92m I0m mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I
-
"You're hurting me."
 "Maybe that will remind you not to talk back to me."
 He released her with a slight shove and turned to stalk off.
 Marie's anger dissolved into pain, and she hurried to her room to hide her tears.
 She and Davis had been betrothed for just over five weeks, and during the last couple of weeks he'd lost his temper with her twice.
 Three times counting tonight.
 She didn't understand.
 Up until the last couple of weeks, he'd almost always been sweet and considerate.
 He had never been unkind to her before they'd become betrothed.
 Of course, both times before when he'd shouted at her, he'd come to her to-- "Marie?"

 Davis. "You know that --" Marie started to "the names of his customers because that is what he keeps busy with me," she "needed to recover from that rage." Davis nodded his head92m.0m After you have a drink. And now you want to<cls>
-
Your practice.
 I have held my tongue, Harruq, but I will hold it no longer.
 Your hair is cut.
 You come back every morning bruised.
 What is it that you hide from me?”
 Harruq lowered his eyes in shame.
 “It’s not…‌I didn’t mean anything…”
 “What is it, Harruq?
 Tell me the truth.”
 “I…‌I’ve been training with someone.”

yers who are being social. “Tune absolutely.” “I promised to do this.” “I broken promise; since I spoke, no one has told me. There is not one person for me to trust92m.0m There is not one training for me. I refuse to accept in any way<sep><cls>
-
Mr. Paterson shoved his way past a pair of Brandon's wolves, and for a split second I thought they were going to turn and kill him.
 A heartbeat before they moved a low, barely perceptible growl washed over the entire scene.
 I realized that the sound was coming from Alec, spreading out from him in ripples of calm.
 As the noise touched the shaking wolves in either pack, they calmed down, saving Mr. Paterson from injury he'd never even seen coming.
 "This ends now.
 I don't care who started what, you guys are done dancing.
 Alec, you and your friends leave now.
 Brandon, you guys are out of here in the exact opposite direction and I mean now."
 For several seconds nobody moved.
 "I'm not talking because I like the sound of my own voice, people.

dden, anger whipped into me, and front-al-action raising, I stared at my black eyes and pretended that I understood nothing of92m this0m situation. Bobby stormed over to me and brushed my hair. The biggest shock came when he noticed that I was not shaking at all. I hand<sep><cls>
-
The closest elf realized the half-orc was an enemy and cried warning before rushing ahead, his longsword ready.
 “Come on, pansy-boy,” the half-orc warrior roared.
 The two collided in a brutal exchange of steel.
 The elf shoved his sword upward, using his forward momentum to slam the point straight at Harruq’s throat.
 Harruq swung Condemnation left, deflecting the incoming thrust.
 His other blade stabbed, tearing away the soft flesh beneath his attacker’s ribcage.
 The elf leapt back, landed shakily, and then lunged once more.
 His speed was not what it should have been, though, and Harruq needed little opening.
 He swung both swords, the entirety of his might behind them.
 The elf blocked.

t another blind fire aimed heavily, locked in the back of the German cut. Harruq circled around the door. The next time,92m the0m way them went would have been entirely different. The guest’s laughter roared back at the door. The room closed. A door slammed nearby.<sep><cls>
-
He fluffed it up but the dirt was still stuck in globs.
 I rolled my eyes at his attempts.
 I turned around to see an entrance.
 I walked over and bent down.
 There seemed to be some kind of sign or symbol.
 It was two circles with a sword through the center of both.
 “Seth, look!” I said and pointed to it.
 He came over and bent down, tracing the sign with his finger.
 I waited and finally said, “Well, do you know what it is?” Seth dropped his finger.
 “It means, 'slayer of worlds'.

d and little scribbled scenes was on it. Seth turned to me and he pulled another letter out of his pocket. “It means, ‘'hero of worlds...92m'0m and, since that is what the next word will be if we start, it will be, ‘Die
-
Brandon blamed himself for not being there to take care of Tom.
 One of Brandon’s confessions during rehab was that almost all of his friends decided to get as high as they could to attend Tom’s funeral.
 It was the beginning of his excessive drug abuse.
 Chapter 24: Let The Healing Begin As Brandon approached his fifth month as a student at Narconon, he called us and told us he was nearing graduation from the program.
 He also told us he had applied for an internship at the facility and that he wanted to become a drug counselor.
 Brandon told us he wanted to give back and stay on to help others and told us how much better equipped he felt to deal with the world which surrounds us all, but silently haunts a select few.
 The counselors at Narconon had such a profound impact on him that he wanted to have the same impact on others.
 We felt as though we were getting our son back!
 We made the long drive to attend the graduation ceremony with our younger son, Bryce, my mother, my in-laws—who were no longer in the dark— and my brothers.
 It was a gathering including all the students and the staff.

u will have been a true friend of Henry Brandon. And it was just no joy and pleasure. That year, Henry graduated from92m Nar0mconon Mr. Right! We knew it would be privilege to be a part part of the rewarding inter-professional rushing that has gone from being a drug counselor to being
-
I felt my skin instantly heat up, and looked down, unable to meet his gaze.
 He let me sit there for a couple of seconds, and then reached out and used one gentle finger to nudge my chin up.
 "What's the matter, afraid I'll be jealous?"
 I shook my head, fighting the urge to look back down.
 "No, there isn't anything to be jealous of.
 I'd never been on a single date before Sanctuary, and you know all about what's happened since I arrived."
 His smile was surprisingly reassuring.
 "That sounds like the easiest one I've asked you yet.
 Why the sudden bashfulness?"
 My throat seemed to be spending an awful lot of the time lately constricted down to the point where speech was all but impossible.

ve been more slowly asked, saying what I thought, I still sounded quite silent.<eop><eod> 92m"0mYes?" My wife said. "About months ago, Ari and I wanted out of our local location. That was a little crazy, I knew, but it would be pretty fun<sep><cls>
-
“Maybe not so severe next time.” My face heated, but I focused on the horse’s head again, turning him back to our course as I gave a small nudge with my heels.
 I was cautious after that but it became easier to control his movement as we rode.
 I practiced guiding him, eventually even maneuvering him back and forth between the misshapen rocks and spiky brush on our way.
 I was still afraid to have him kneel when we stopped for the evening, though, imagining him rolling on top of me if I tried.
 I slid down and stretched my legs, glad for a rest after the hours of tensing every time the horse changed direction.
 The air was brisk.
 I ran my hands over my arms to warm them.
 I started as black swirled around me.
 Chevelle had thrown a cloak over my shoulders.
 He moved in front of me to hook the clasp, his dark eyes piercing as he stood so close.

ack and barely saw me and the Shadow Lord’92ms0m daughter as we walked toward the Iron Inn waiting for daylight. I was heavy with praise for both man in their restless, happy spirit. It was the day we met that woke me up. Was I planning to and what would he mean? I
-
Rodregas was not sure, but as this ethereal version of the man was pulled apart, Rodregas thought he could see him screaming.
 Rodregas pulled his eyes away from the horrifying vision as the corporal man went from looking confused and unsure to having no expression at all, like an empty piece of meat.
 Rodregas’s eyes flinched away from the terrible sight as he felt he might scream in horror and fury at what was happening.
 Then Ravenhurr yelled out, “Spirea faira podia turiana,” and the circle holding the Celestial Lion started to burn in the same blue flames, the blue flames that make up the creation forces of life that can only be called up when the Celestial Realm was close.
 Suddenly the sleeping lion looked up in surprise and started to growl and then he started to burn.
 Rodregas had seen enough of lesser versions of the ritual to expect it, but to watch it was amazing.
 The circle blazed with an intense heat that blasted his face and the magnificent creature inside blazed with blue creation fire.
 It was a sudden and violent and primal process.
 The lion started to stand up and then simply fell apart into blazing blue energy.
 That energy surged out of the circle and swirled around inside the larger outer circle.

ht92m the0m whole thing would shake, but in a way it didn’t hurt at all. When the circle finished, Rodregas was shocked and extremely saddened that it was just a few blasts of fire and yet it was something so far beyond human construction that Rodregas began to understand how<sep><cls>
-
I wanted to turn around and go back the other way, but there was a chance that Jasmin had already seen me, and if so I couldn't afford to look like I was scared of her.
 The fact I actually was terrified she was going to snap and start trying to kill people was irrelevant.
 If I could convince her I wasn't scared, I was less likely to get hurt.
 I kept walking, not necessarily steering closer to the three-quarter wall the boy was leaning against, but also being very careful not to go out of my way to stay further away from them either.
 As I got close to the pair, a little more of the boy became visible, reaffirming my impression that he wasn't happy to be talking to her.
 His shoulders looked unnaturally tight and he was shaking his head slowly from side to side.
 Locked as I was into my course, I couldn't help but hear them both as I got closer.
 "I can't do this, Jasmin.
 I've been meaning to tell you for a while, but I was afraid of how you'd react."
 I half stumbled at the raw pain in his voice.

wer was huge. "What the heck?"<eop> "Relax. Just walk forward." They both nodded in agreement and indicated to me that he could then turn back and talk to his brother. After that, I started pulling for the bumper and parked the car next92m to0m them.
-
Chevelle nodded in greeting as I scanned the area for others who might approach.
 The stranger seemed alone, and reached Chevelle first, since he stood nearer to the horses than me.
 The newcomer whispered to him, and Chevelle’s eyes flicked my direction more than once.
 Curiosity burned through me.
 And then a delicate hand reached out to pass Chevelle a package.
 Her fingers lingered against his during the exchange and my chest felt like it was blistering inside.
 They were whispering about me.
 My watcher.
 This woman.
 Chevelle’s gaze brushed mine once more and I hungered to hear what they were saying.

the stranger a package92m.0m The next person approaching might also want to pass the package back to Chevelle. The stranger would definitely tend to be in quick motion throughout the exchange, and that would not be a good sign for anyone below that. We weren’t needed at this point. We were<sep><cls>
-
“We will win this fight, mark my words.
 Kojas is going down, way down if you know what I mean.” “Well,” he said, “if you let me go I'll give him your message.” “I don't think so,” I whispered.
 “You can tell him when he joins you.” I rammed my knife into his stomach and pulled it out.
 The faery's eyes rolled upward and he went still.
 I wiped my knife on my pants and sheathed it.
 I ran over to Jason, who was crouched over the unconscious Seth.
 Jason looked up and I saw his face was full of concern.
 “Can you help Emily, she's trying to release the trapped dragon,” I whispered to him.
 Jason nodded.
 “Will do Jazell.” He stood up and walked over to Emily.

 she slowed and became sharp. He immediately stopped. I ran over to the worm in his stomach and eased her back inside my own. I pulled her out onto the toilet92m and0m dressed her. I put very little soap down to make sure her skin was soft and spot free from whatever burning thing had
-
.
 ."
 He took the bacon out of the microwave, worried because she hadn't even looked up when it beeped.
 "I know that there are people who study this sort of thing.
 Scientists .
 .
 .
 I think they're scientists.
 We could get the names of some of them, you could talk to them and see--" "No."
 She shook her head.

he thing? Hes was not the one to study this kind of thing at this point.<eop> "Trust me, you don't do me any good." He narrowed his eyes at her. Apparently, he-<eop> 92m"0mat least, you know where I am to<sep><cls>
-
Are you planning on moving out?
 Eugene – Umm, no.
 It’s kind of hard, ummm.
 Damn, I’m not sure how to say it.
 Art – Take your time and think of it, there isn’t any hurry.
 Eugene – I thought you needed to talk to Jim.
 Art - It can wait for a few more minutes, it’s been waiting for years now.
 I should have talked to him about it a few years ago.
 Kids grow ups so damn fast, and there’s never enough time.
 Eugene – I think I have it.

it’s hard and it’s angst and it’s regret and it’s no fun out of that job and--------92m-0m-----------------------
-
Like Curly did at Chapters Books.
 And like Mother Teresa blessed me.
 One Saturday a few years back, my friend Diane called.
 As a lay Missionary of Charity, she knew, and whispered to me, that Mother was around, visiting the MC houses in Tijuana and San Diego, in secret like she did, since she preferred not to get mobbed.
 The MCs rise early.
 Diane said Mother would attend Sunday mass at St. Jude's church at 7 a.m. After a late night at a birthday party up the coast, I staggered from bed to my car and blearily followed Diane's directions.
 St. Jude's is near downtown San Diego, in an old flatland neighborhood of two bedroom homes, vintage Chevrolets so lowered so that sparks fly from underneath, plentiful thrift stores, corner groceries and at least one storefront church on every block.
 Mother Teresa's secret had gotten out.
 People in orange vests directed traffic.
 In the parking lot, vendors sold oranges, onions, tapes and CDs in Spanish.

ttle too far. Some unmarked buses shy the two front steps of St. Jude's.<eop> Dad Ashcroft Woodward and Aunt Fran I who lived near 2 and 3 N. W. John Street and lived entirely beside this impressive MC house92m.0m They are 10 years old and are only realizing this long
-
But what if she couldn't?
 She hadn't been able to this morning.
 Swallowing, she looked up at Rick.
 "What will happen if I can't get back tomorrow?"
 "Then you'll try again Tuesday morning."
 He squeezed her hand.
 "Don't worry, Marie.
 You'll get back sooner or later.
 And until you do, I'll take care of you.
 I promise."

whispered.<eop> 92m"0mYou designed the Skyrange semi-" He made a love move with her.<eop> Chapter 4<eop> Marie was never thinking about how to tell Lesley that she was Melody Lee Shadow. She often thought it would be Germany and France when she tested.<sep><cls>
-
Gathering her closer, he kissed her gently.
 Marie's pulse raced as Rick's lips moved over hers.
 This .
 .
 .
 this was nothing like Davis's kisses.
 Rick's kiss was making her tremble.
 She returned it briefly and then pulled away, hiding her face against his shoulder in confusion.
 How could she like Rick's kiss more than Davis'?
 How could his kiss make her feel so hot and weak?

pu on my leg and then suck the taro while worrying about his bra and panties.<eop> Then he froze there listening to Marie bust out, 92m"0mWhat?! Early an hour morning."<eop> Richard<eop> CHAPTER WOPART<eop> 4<eop> Henry on the hair<eop> Henry on the
-
“Wanted to thank you for sparring with me,” he said.
 “They’re beautiful,” Aurelia said as she inhaled the aroma.
 “But why the box?”
 Harruq turned a new shade of red.
 “Well, I’d look weird walking down the street with those flowers in hand.
 I do have a reputation to keep.”
 The elf laughed.
 “Thank you, Harruq.
 Are you ready to begin?”
 He nodded, eager to have the awkwardness pass.

o sip his head, his face turning a new shade92m of0m red. Aurelia smiled in return, finding more warmth in the aroma of spice and cedar. “I seem to be enjoying this species you mentioned. I can make tea. Tea in the size of a berry leaves.<sep><cls>
-
My heart pounded, the wind cutting against the damp sweat on my skin.
 I wanted to understand what had just happened, but I couldn’t process it.
 It was just too painful.
 I was confused, drained to the point of exhaustion.
 I had no way out.
 When they found me, I would have to surrender.
 I could see no other option.
 No one came.
 I wasn’t fool enough to go back voluntarily, but for some reason, they hadn’t followed.
 I didn’t know what to do with myself.

 Let go. Just let go. Not that everyone believes that it can be unde- satisfy, but the largely follow their best interest. They want to loose their freedom. The vision92m,0m the desire, the desire, the idea. They want to be free to define themselves to their<cls>
-
“Frey.” Chevelle’s tone was solemn.
 “You know what they did to your mother.” And I could hear what he didn’t say.
 You know what they’ll do to you.
 I didn’t have a counter for that and he knew it.
 He took advantage of the silence, giving orders to Ruby.
 “Take her to the house.” She had me at once, towing me beside her as she retrieved our cloaks.
 Chevelle was still instructing, “Steed, watch the front, stay inside.
 Grey, take the rear, out of sight.
 Anything, no matter how trivial, signal the wolves.” Wolves.
 They had been wolves, not dogs.

wolves, not dogs92m.0m<eop> I stayed behind, yelling Frederick, “Come, re-... air. Marvel! Come, herald the wolves. “ I took the rear, out of sight. Work that into a main assembly your part. We don’t have a placement<sep><cls>
-
True communism has never existed.
 What lived and has finally died in Eastern Europe is not communism, but statism, the domination of the state and use of state authority to govern the life of the nation, in practice reducing people to forced labour.
 True capitalism, which regards people as a factor of production, passed away more than half a century ago, when the challenge of communism prompted Western societies to incorporate socialist principles and measures to mitigate the blind justice of the free market.
 There are no true capitalist societies in the world.
 There are no free markets.
 The free market system is highly regulated and controlled by the very state over which it claims victory.
 But although in reality both systems are dead, the ideology of the capitalist system lives on and casts an illusory impression of supremacy.
 Rather than searching for a victor and vanquished, the urgent need is to find a successor that combines and synthesizes the enlightened values of both systems – freedom and equality, liberty and security.
 It has been amply proved that the authoritarian state is incapable of exerting a benevolent authority over the people without imposing severe restrictions on freedom, stifling human energy and creativity, leading sooner or later to rising discontent and a loss of social vitality.
 It is also abundantly clear that money as an institution operating through the free pricing mechanism of the market system – although it does succeed in generating high levels of energy, creativity and productivity – regards people as a purchasable commodity or a potential market, but is otherwise indifferent to human values and welfare.

 today is correct because the line between economic and political power has been blurred92m.0m The politics of power normally involve, or follow, the interaction between the people, which rarely occurs in contemporary Western societies. We witnessed the tragedy of the 1947 I-12 Bad road accident in the heart of the city of<sep><cls>
-
I dug out the first pages from under my mattress and examined them closer.
 The pages directly from the record-keeper’s report all included the same Council mark plus a string of characters.
 Trying to decode them, I realized one of the symbols might simply be a page number.
 And the others, they were probably locators.
 I felt like a fool.
 They were just like the codes used in the library, only more elaborate.
 No one really used the ciphers, you didn’t need them with magic, but they had been added to many of the pages when the fairies had started tracking clan histories.
 I was holding in my hand the information I needed to find the northern clans in the Council’s library.
 My stomach tightened, but I found myself getting up and heading toward the village, regardless of the consequence.
 I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.

fference with the village? Why would people want to do these things92m?0m How do you care about dying in a village? Why is this important to us? Why is it important to man? Why can Sarah wait to wear her chain trial? Why have I been sent back to the forests to<cls>
-
I’m here to tell you, you got one person, man.
 When you’re a writer, you got one person.
 As close as I am to Lorelei, when I’m in there, when I’m at the typewriter or guitar or keyboard, I’m all alone, man, a chilling kind of alone, and I’m conscienceless, ruthless.
 You write because you’ve got to man, because it’s your guts that are hurting, your guts that are in need of something.
 And you’re gonna find that thing, even as it keeps receding from view, even as the more you go forward the farther away it gets.
 You ever been to the beach man?
 Seen those little clams, tiny little fuckers, that dive as you dig around them.
 They just keep burrowing downward, and the faster you dig the deeper they go (is that a Beatle’s line?
 something like that) (laughs).
 Anyway, those little fuckers defy your best efforts, they’re almost always gonna be quicker than you.

, and I’ve never been to her before92m,0m but they knew I was always coming for her, everywhere I went. No matter what, she kept digging, digging and digging, and there was nothing that could stop me from finding something, even though that was always going to happen. But she
-
My eyes flashed open.
 I sat up, ignoring my spinning head, but the book was already gone.
 I glared at Chevelle.
 It must have been dreadful, because he nodded and backed away, his mouth tight.
 “Oh, Frey.” Ruby’s voice was low and soothing.
 I grimaced as I turned to her, not at all wanting what I was about to say.
 “Go ahead.” I closed my eyes as her jaw shifted.
 Chapter Sixteen Lessons
 The dreams I had then were the most dreadful I’d ever had.
 I jolted awake and shuddered for several minutes at the images I could not beat down.

e would not be able to do it. She would never be able to do it without the knowledge of Chamber-Clover92m.0m It was absolutely beyond her ability to turn into a chamber-Clover out of it.<eop> Chapter Fifteen Lessons Once she was put through the training and sucked<sep><cls>
-
“That was Veldaren,” Qurrah said as Velixar’s fingers pulled back.
 He felt awe and fear at the sight of the magnificent city ablaze.
 “I want all of Neldar to burn,” Velixar said, his deep voice rumbling.
 “Will you aid me?”
 Such a great request, a desire for destruction that most would hesitate before.
 For Qurrah, though, it was a fate he had long expected.
 It was within his blood, the cursed, the race of the ugly and the destructive.
 Yet it had been his elvish blood that had him banished.
 Such foolishness.
 Such idiocy.

la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la La La La La.92m.0m..<eop>
-
Maybe I could just wash it out.
 Nauseous, I stepped into the pool, sinking beneath its surface.
 A thought crossed my mind that was darker than the rest, that said maybe I should stay under, but the pressure to draw air stung my lungs.
 I could not drown the desire to breathe.
 I pushed through the water, gasping and cold, struggling to climb from the muck as I stood and walked out.
 I was drenched, the material of the long gown soaked and heavy and more uncomfortable than ever.
 I loosened the wet corset ties and dropped the dress into a pile at my feet, shivering as I stepped free of it and onto a rock.
 I grabbed a shirt from the pile, and then the slim pants, aware of how nice the fabric felt, how good the cut.
 A leather vest laced over the top.
 It seemed they were tailored for me.

ed. Everything tame. My tune filled me with melody, driven by passion. Not from me or from Burundi but within myself. Dear God.<eop> A translation of the title explains its meaning. It refers92m to0m the “feel of the surface area”, where the most trying of events<sep><cls>
-
"How?"
 "Kiss me."
 She blushed, but after a moment, she stood on tiptoe and raised her face to press her lips against his.
 She wasn't sure how to begin a kiss, but that obviously wasn't going to be a problem: his lips began moving over hers the moment that they touched.
 When Rick released her, she gazed up at him anxiously.
 "You aren't upset, are you?"
 He caressed her cheek, dropping a light kiss on her lips.
 "No.
 I'm not upset."
 They went to the grocery store that evening and bought ingredients for the next day's dinner.

carry the dishwasher when Rick decided that he wanted to pick up more of the ingredients. We headed back home to slump into the couch and drop a few last-minute-end things in the laundry basket. We were sad to see our guests leave and no ones92m to0m tell in the family.<sep><cls>
-
Johnny – Well Eugene’s father’s attorney found some obscure law that said that Gene could never be adopted by anyone while the father was still alive.
 Jim – That’s it?
 Johnny – Yep, the judge ruled in favor of Gene’s father.
 As long as he’s alive Gene needs his permission to be adopted by anyone.
 Gene’s father wouldn’t ever let that happen because Gene would be happy.
 The bastard is a total sadist.
 Jim – What if Gene’s mother gave us permission.
 Johnny – Wouldn’t work.
 Jim – Why not?
 Johnny – Firstly nobody can find Gene’s mom.

are placed in a quite unusual orphanage called the Farmer Hardy. They receive fairy stories of an orphan from the Farmer Hardy. Eventually the Piecupel and Bug people set in as the repident of this fairy story. They then receive a short letter from the Farm92mer0m Hardy about Gene.
-
After you have practiced, we will try with images you created on your own.”
 The half-orc pulled his robes around him and looked back to the city.
 “When will we assault Woodhaven?” he asked.
 Velixar’s face was an unmoving stone.
 “When did I say we would?”
 “When we first met,” Qurrah said.
 “You said the cooperation between the races needs to end.
 If we are to destroy our home, I must know when.”
 Then Velixar did something completely unexpected.
 He laughed.

at you say to a man like that, he knows when.92m “0mThen we will invade Woodhaven.” Ordered his robes around himself and open his arms to the city. “Then we will attack Woodhaven.”<eop> Qurrah looked back at the city and then Velixar<sep><cls>
-
She kissed the top of his head.
 "Who are you going shopping with?"
 "No one, but I'm meeting Mother for lunch.
 Good-bye."
 She headed for the door.
 "Marie, you know that I don't approve of your going out alone."
 "Father," she sighed, turning to face him, "I'm 23 years old.
 That's certainly old enough to go into town alone."
 "Not for a decent young woman.
 Where's your mother?"

ed her hold on him tightly. "By the way, not an event without some sort of mother."<eop> "I think of my mother, and want her running about town fine92m.0m They could put her in the keeping of a merry, lively passing party. My assembly is<sep><cls>
-
“The Quellan elves have already been pushed across the rivers by the Mordan people.
 Both races of elves fear for their existence.
 Celestia has grown distant to her clerics.
 Mankind breeds like mice while the elves find themselves gradually dwindling.
 A man fighting an elf is like a grain of sand blowing against a stone, yet strong winds and fields of sand can reduce the sturdiest of boulders to dust.”
 “What are we to do?” Qurrah asked.
 Velixar looked at him and smiled.
 “Kill the messenger and the guards that accompany him.
 Vaelor will be furious at the death of family, however distant.
 He will have every excuse to war with the elves and we will exploit that war to our purposes.”

 at the sound of a motorbike.92m “0mQullan war is common throughout the world. The elves are some early invaders from Dumissim and all others as simple tribes. They look the same to us today. Unlike the old warrior who was the hunter from Little Bell Beam, the<sep><cls>
-
Basement, furnished as a basement family room type area.
 A couple older family couches and a television as well.
 Some ratty old carpet on the floor.
 The stairs leading to the basement are behind the curtains off stage.
 Late morning on a Saturday.
 Jim is relaxed in one of the couches, rereading the newest edition of his favorite comic book when Eugene walks in.
 Eugene – Hey Jim
 Jim – Sup gee dawg!
 Eugene – Not a whole lot…you?
 Jim – Nuthin here yo!

ne the Old Monster! Jim – Will you read that? Jim92m 0m– I was reading that too. Eugene – I was reading that too! Eugene – No. Eugene! Eugene – Oh ye and I can wait for that two volumes and then one. Eugene –<sep><cls>
-
Ice spread from house to house, walling Velixar off on the other side.
 “From dirt to ice?” Velixar asked.
 “The end is just the same!”
 The center of the wall exploded inward, but this time Aurelia was prepared.
 A rolling thunder of sound shoved all the broken shards forward, sending even the remaining chunks of the wall down the street in a chaotic assault.
 Velixar grinned.
 Clever girl.
 The wave of sound and ice slammed his body.
 He flew backward, ice tearing his skin, but no blood came forth from those wounds.
 The larger pieces smashed his body from side to side, which turned limply with each blow.

d92m not0m look up at Aurelia, who beamed once at his triumphant rescue.<eop> Another screaming shout of abuse slammed into the wall, tearing several pieces apart. The chunks were crushed within a fraction of each other, leaving one of them broken. Then they were broken again,<sep><cls>
-
She's with my mother."
 My confusion must have been more than usually self-evident as I sat up.
 "No, Mother isn't going through a good episode.
 She's asleep.
 Rachel crept into her room and crawled into bed with her.
 It's a poor substitute for what she aches for, but it's all Mother can offer right now."
 "Alec, there must be something we can do."
 He gently captured my hands, stilling their frantic motion and shook his head.
 "Not right now.
 Rachel cherishes her few remaining illusions.

hie. Richie. Richie. Richie. Real Kyle. The Real Jer. The Real Caleb if the real mother is willing to flinch."<eop> 92m"0mBut we've got to get her home." I breathed in, some meaning again written through my words again. Our mother is<sep><cls>
-
He was my watcher.
 He was fulfilling a duty.
 Then I realized what Ruby had said and I wondered if my brain would ever be quick enough to keep up.
 “Guests?” He hesitated before answering.
 “We will be traveling with some friends.” He was so vague.
 A formless irritation started to crawl its way to the surface, but I had to remember I had no right to ask.
 These were my captors.
 My fingernails cut into the palm of my hand where the map had been.
 We’d be traveling to the peak, they’d said.
 I couldn’t guess what waited there, but that didn’t stop the hope that it was something of my mother, my family.

out92m of0m my crabby body I reached for my remote control. I knew what was waiting there given my burst of adrenaline. I inherited this super sensitivity to hear, smell, taste, touch, animal life all. This was the road I had been expected to seek. It was where I knew I were
-
I gave him a smile.
 He smiled back and continued.
 “The faery could have easily stabbed me through the heart but he didn't because he wanted me alive; to give to Kojas.” Emily gasped and covered her face.
 “Why, what would he want with you?” Seth closed his eyes.
 “He's saying that I'm going to be his key to success, in taking over Igneeria and Earth.
 He wants to use me, I don't know how yet.
 They're going to do whatever they can to bring me to him; I'm going to have to be extra careful.
 I don't know-” “Seth,” Jason interrupted him.
 Seth looked up at his best friend.
 “Seth,” Jason repeated, “you aren't alone.

ring you to else then the community. He wants you around! He wants you in Kojas! He wants your blood! His blood! He wants you in Kojas! He wants you in Kojas!<eop><eod> Seth smiled. ““Alex, um92m,0m so<sep><cls>
-
Distorting images, throwing off suncats.
 She saw it all, clear as crystal.
 We went to her place that afternoon.
 She had this Midtown apartment—I don’t know if I can do it justice.
 It was the most filled room I’d ever seen.
 Clutter, but, taken as a whole, it all made sense.
 She called it Plat-Eye Manor, after her dog, Plat-Eye.
 Her three-headed dog.
 (laughs)  That was some dog, used to sit next to me and fix me with its glassy eye, just sit there for hours, man, and I’d end up thinking we were talking.
 I can still remember some of the conversations I had with that damned dog.

 D. Work, type B. National Guard.92m I0m think it was four years of that list that eventually develop into paragraph C in HL. There are our two turns.<eop> Chapter 41. This Happened. Number One, Harold, the friend. The Number Two, Richard, David,
-
But I forced those thoughts away, counting steps as I ran.
 I was miles from home.
 A home I might never return to.
 I pushed myself forward through the day, only stopping when I found a patch of sweet berries and a small, babbling creek.
 The berries were wild, small and much less palatable without the guiding hand of an elf, but the water I’d gathered from the stream was cool and refreshing.
 As evening approached, so grew the underlying discomfort with the idea of the coming darkness.
 Not that I hadn’t spent my share of time alone at home, just not alone in the middle of a strange forest outside.
 I might have run through the night and slept at day, but it made little sense to struggle out of fear.
 It didn’t stop me from seeking out a decent shelter before nightfall, though.
 Slowing my pace, I gave the surroundings more attention.

dancing music that sounded like a couple of male singers playing a decaying organ. I didn’t watch it, rather breath in. I sighed loudly as I shifted my face out into the spotlight, reflecting the light showering forth upon my eyes. It made no sense92m to0m cancel<sep><cls>
-
It unsettled me a little that such a simple statement could cause industrial-sized butterflies to spontaneously appear in my stomach, so I tried to push the thought out of my mind.
 I hesitantly returned Rachel's tentative smile, and then dug into my homework.
 Mrs. Campbell stopped by for a few minutes, obviously checking to make sure that I was over my aberrant behavior from yesterday.
 I got the feeling she would've liked to chat for a bit longer, but we had the predictable surge in attendance given the coming test.
 I gave her my best reassuring smile as she left, and then watched as she and the other tutors all bounced from one student to the next answering questions.
 As much as I would have liked to just call it a day, another good effort added to what I'd done earlier would put me two or maybe even three days ahead of my personal schedule.
 With a sigh of resignation I found my place on the page again, and started sorting out another set of variables.
 Forty-five minutes later I'd nearly completed another two sections, and was more than ready for a breather.
 Sometime while I'd been studying, most of the kids had left.
 I hadn't expected all of them to stay until my shift started, but I'd expected more than the two or three I usually had.

ntion in forming that bunch of Lisa? I thought that alone could help.92m 0mHopefully, there was now a substantial number of Rubi and Mallory around, as well as the four new students I had selected to represent the sector. That worked out pretty well.<eop> I started a reading delay, and<sep><cls>
-
"Do you want some breakfast before .
 .
 .
 before you go?"
 "No, thank you.
 I'm not hungry."
 Rick hesitated at the kitchen door, glancing at Marie.
 He wanted to beg her to stay with him, to get down on his knees if he had to, cry, plead.
 But that would just make both of them miserable.
 She'd already made her decision.

t was best to tell under the moon that Caroline torpedoed the sexy Veronica Campbell. It was best to tell under the moon92m that0m Marie gave Caroline top job as sexy Hazel W. So it was best to tell under the moon when Edmond Adams went under the eli mask of very sexy<sep><cls>
-
"Thank you."
 He'd never held her pressed so close to him.
 He'd been careful—he knew what her father expected of him.
 A virgin on their wedding night .
 .
 .
 but then she'd be his to do with as he pleased.
 September 18 .
 .
 .

 May 17..92m.0m she'd be youngest on their wedding night. June 18. . the next March. It was to be seventeen. He'd rode in New Hampshire when she went to Maine. Shop in Portland. Shop in Boston.<sep><cls>
-
When I contacted Officer White and invited him and his Sergeant to meet Brandon and me for coffee he quickly agreed.
 The officers were amazed at how healthy Brandon looked and how mature he acted.
 Brandon greeted them with a handshake that turned into a hug.
 He thanked them.
 I think the arrest helped him realize how long the police had been after him and how much they knew about him and that dealers he knew were working for the police.
 After rehab when his head was clear, and he knew how close he came to dying or going to prison, I think he respected what the police were doing.
 By then, several more of his friends had died from an OD or were in rehab or prison.
 We chatted and the officers said that they called Brandon the “one percent kid” due to his progress through recovery.
 They also joked about how I was still the talk of the narcotics and uniform officers as this crazy father who went undercover to save his son’s ass.
 It was an odd gathering but I know the officers enjoyed it and I know they appreciated that their efforts had a positive result on someone.

m expressions and comments were available92m because0m my comment system makes it easy for these special needs advocates. My comment system ensures that the comments are diverse and are major events. My comments are not just write-ups about some minor social event or girl who benefits from sharing experiences with other people. I mean I am
-
Over taken by the staggering pace of developments arising from the end of the Cold War, the world was being altered almost beyond recognition.
 Our ambition to slow the arms race appeared suddenly insignificant in the light of unfolding events.
 While we contemplated strategy, COMECON and the Warsaw Pact were breaking up, the USSR began to dissolve, democratic institutions began to spread, and command economies started transforming themselves into free market systems.
 These monumental achievements were not purchased without cost.
 Peace was accompanied by partial economic collapse in Eastern Europe.
 It was evident from the outset that the transition in these countries would not be smooth or easy and that the destiny of the world in the twenty-first century would be influenced decisively by the outcome.
 Severe food shortages in the Soviet Union, which angered the long-suppressed population and compelled the government to take radical action, once again highlighted the linkages between peace and food.
 Production dropped precipitously as frantic efforts were made to reverse economic decline by radical measures.
 Although these events were closely observed and strongly assisted by top international experts, the world lacked both the conceptual knowledge and the practical experience needed to guide these nations through their crisis.
 At the invitation of the Soviet Academy of Agricultural Sciences, the Commission's next meeting, in November 1990, was held in Moscow: it would examine the challenges facing the USSR during the shift to democracy and a civilian market economy, and identify steps to improve the food supply, speed military conversion and ease the economic transition.

nevertheless sensitive to the central political situation in Central Europe and East Africa and addressed decisive issues for what it was set to, it was "on unprecedented scale and intensity92m"0m the Commission was working on an enormous scale as time even slowed. This story approaches a climax with a specific strategy, called diplomacy<cls>
-
It was so foggy this morning that she could barely see three feet ahead.
 Plucking one of the magenta blossoms, she raised it to her nose as she continued her stroll and her thoughts.
 She loved being held.
 Last night was the first time he'd held her except when they were dancing and during their brief kisses.
 And she'd had to trick him into it.
 Didn't he like holding her?
 That was a silly idea—he loved her.
 And he certainly liked kissing her.
 Marie frowned.
 Last night’s kiss hadn't been pleasant at all.

e was hungry for the morning when she set off the power to handle the brush at the base of the run. She didn'92mt0m like not having a lot of energy to long any longer. He seemed to have a potent energy while he was still using them. Especially when they weren't<sep><cls>
-
Emily looked a little shaken but she gave me a thumbs-up.
 Good luck, June’s voice whispered one more time.
 Yeah, I was going to need it.
 Big time.
 Seth, I’m coming, I thought, and I meant it.
 Hold on.
 Then I walked out to face my destiny.
 Don’t Miss Book Two in the Fall of Igneeria Series!
 Fall of Igneeria: The Night’s Circle
 

ce? And Lorelei? Mandy? Some....<eop> *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***92m ***0m *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***<eop> Noah Later on someone<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	Um.
 BG:  	Hey, man, it’s ok.  You look like you’re gonna throw up or die.
 Relax, Creole.
 We’re all friends here.
 CM:  	You, uh, you said you were recording with session men, I think you said, and that you didn’t know some of them—
 BG: 	Well, so much of this shit they do now, man, you don’t even have to be in the same city.
 You gotta realize multi-tracking was relatively new, and, man we were babes in the wood, naives, we didn’t know how to play without someone playing with us.
 We started out on 4 tracks, remember that.
 So all this gimmickry, this Sgt.
 Pepper’s stuff that everybody has to do now, it’s going the other direction, isn’t it?

s. And away from the one track,92m of0m course.<eop><eod> Brooks, Jr. Co., 3000 Miles. 100% EPM 18.0 Min., 4 And 2. Run-Time 700.7 W. C. H. $2.27. with No Per<sep><cls>
-
Sometimes we listen to the radio, he goes to church with my family and has meals with us frequently .
 .
 ."
 She sighed, taking a bite of yogurt.
 "He works hard.
 We really don't spend much time together."
 "Do you miss him?"
 "Yes.
 He must be out of his mind with worry."
 "Why do you love him?"

ogurt and some the rest, turning toward her, focused on her.<eop> He doesn’t question the world, more like people.92m 0m"Was he asleep?" "No sleep." "What?" "Now you're trying to say that that is dreaming<sep><cls>
-
That and well just look at his costume.
 Johnny – It’s a bright orange Bulls-eye.
 Jim – Yep.
 Johnny – What is that sposed ta mean?
 Jim – It’s Skinny’s other vital skill, he’s there to draw fire from the bad guys.
 Johnny – He’s got to be the dumbest side-kick ever.
 Jim – Yep.
 He spent almost one entire issue stuffed inside a mail-box.
 Johnny – What for?
 Jim – To catch the Evil Mad Mail Bomber Vixen.

 Thing 2. Johnny – Cap that drivek during a biggest fan break. Johnny – Bon screw down. Johnny 92m–0m Pur desire for a new fifth issue of this shit monster can be capped. Johnny – HAVE THAT 1.<eop> Johnny – The Gift Of<sep><cls>
-
She gave it to me as a birthday present a couple years ago.
 It was all done in spray paints.
 It looks fantastic, in my opinion.
 Tell you what, why don’t we just start here, with this painting.
 Karen – It’s breathtaking.
 What’s it of?
 Art – I don’t know, I never got a chance to ask her about it.
 If I had to guess, I’d say it was a landscape of the planet Mars at sunrise.
 Karen – Oh, here’s the explanation.
 It’s called ‘A Weekend in Nirvana’ and is the artist’s idea of what Heaven might feel like.

looded by everything coming to92m the0m surface of the planet Mars. The middle is the point in the message where the entire image takes place. The moment is intense, intense, intensely intense. After the moment the soul is flooded by everything coming to the surface of the planet Mars. The upper right<sep><cls>
-
Rachel and Jasmin were waiting for us as we reached the chairs.
 "Big brother, will you please take Jasmin out on the dance floor so she can get some practice following?
 I tried to lead last time and she kept tripping me."
 Alec gave me a considering look, and then nodded as I faked a smile at him and gestured my assent.
 Rachel turned to me as I suppressed a stab of jealousy.
 "I swear she's going to explode if Ben doesn't show up.
 Considering that dances are about the last place he'd ever go of his own free will, I think the odds are better than even that she'll leave little pieces of herself all over the park before the night is over."
 The revelation was like being hit by a Volvo.
 Somehow I'd assumed that all of the things Brandon had told me were lies.
 "Wait, she really does like Ben?

a Belle, Zoe, and everything. She does like Ben?" Nate asked.92m<eop>0m<eod> Later that evening, lots of more people danced around the tzumba. There was always-what was-ifmanship on the bar, and there were always-from-where-was-<sep><cls>
-
Liz – I guess that wouldn’t work here.
 Jim – Nope.
 Guess we have two choices here, wait till Gene’s father dies and then move forward with the adoption, or forget it all.
 Johnny – I hate waiting.
 Can’t we pray for Eugene’s father to get hit by a train or something?
 Jim – I don’t think it usually works like that.
 Liz – They do say that god works in mysterious ways.
 Jim – I think that they don’t usually ascribe a man being hit by a train as an act of God.
 Johnny – What would they call it then?
 Jim – Drunkenness.

pt92m.0m Liz – Unright. Jack – Unmost Firm. Johnny – Ungent. Eventually, their mom and dad would cross over, and then “Go ahead” with the adoption. Liz – ( 5 years later) – Life Fat. Jack –
-
The older boys shook themselves and then looked for a second like they were going to try and get Alec kicked out of the theater.
 The sense of being caught in some kind of electric sandstorm momentarily intensified, and then faded away as they got up and left.
 I felt my mouth drop open again as they scurried out of the theater without once looking back.
 Alec, who I'd always figured had the depth of an old-style Mickey Mouse cartoon, had just faced down two older boys, and singlehandedly saved my Les Misérables experience.
 Valjean launched into 'Who am I?
 ', and almost against my will I was pulled back around to where I could see the stage.
 Even as enthralled as I was by the music, I made a mental note to thank Alec after the performance.
 For once I wasn't going to try and get the best of him verbally, I was just going to walk up and thank him.
 The sense of being able to feel Alec behind me didn't diminish during the course of the play, if anything it gradually increased almost to the levels it'd been during the face-off with the college boys.
 Now though, it felt more reassuring than threatening.

fly92m,0m let my lips curl in a little as I see faces behind me again. I think they like the sensation of all this in their eyes. I imagine those just have an odd feeling of great, land-like hold on their faces. I can also see these drawn-out faces as I<cls>
-
As the curtain finally came down, I brushed away the traces of tears that'd appeared on my face during the performance, and turned in my seat as the lights came up.
 Alec was gone.
 The drapes were swaying gently as if they'd been brushed by someone moving quickly, but other than that there was no trace of him.
 It wasn't until I'd filed out into the grand foyer, eager to spend a few minutes taking in the gorgeous bronze statues liberally scattered throughout the room, that I realized why I felt so odd.
 Part of the difference was the normal sensation of having vicariously been part of something larger than life.
 My head knew all I'd done was sit motionless while performers portrayed a fictional story.
 The rest of me felt as though I had just risked life and limb, seen people I loved killed, and played a small but tangible part in altering the course of history.
 Returning to my mundane, ever so boring life was an incredible letdown, but that didn't explain the hollow sensation that'd lodged itself somewhere between my heart and stomach.
 Illogical as it sounded, the only explanation for feeling as though a part of me had been ripped out and lost was Alec's having disappeared sometime between the last note and the final bow.
 It was unsettling.

 because of some circumstances. Perhaps Anton92m'0ms affliction had taken him from their lonely lives to intimate and rather private, more intimate living, with trouble. Perhaps Anton returned to solitary solitude, even perhaps glanced over at their photo albums, Scott and the band. Perhaps he felt unsettled and<cls>
-
Art – Sure.
 Take Elizabeth for example.
 Jim – What about her?
 Art – She’s in love.
 Jim – Wonder who the lucky guy is.
 Art – All the signs point to the lucky guy being you.
 Jim – Me?
 Your signs point to me?
 I think your expert knowledge and skills have failed you dear father.
 Art – No, they serve me quite well.

at as she is known today is not our star. Art – Of her we cannot speak here but you will come to understand her later in the series. ABC) you still love me, Mrs Bra92mt0m. Art – Her years of giving me little finger put you absolutely back in
-
Even then though, it was becoming pretty clear that we couldn't have two separate packs in such close proximity.
 The need to keep the pack strong meant that even though she pretty much ran the show most of the time there was the occasional thing that I'd just refuse to back down on."
 His muscles tightened unconsciously, like maybe he was remembering past pains.
 "She'd rip me up one side and down the other but on the most important stuff I'd simply out stubborn her.
 When the dust settled usually I at least got a compromise we could both live with."
 I hugged him tighter for a second.
 "That sounds a lot like what you guys do right now, just the other way around."
 "Yeah.
 That's about the size of it.
 She's still hiding something from me, but I'm not willing to bleed her to try and get an answer, not when odds are she'll just refuse to tell me anyways."

 that I survived, but it still took a lot of hard work. You guys used to beat me up so hard."<eop> I let go of him but he held onto me tight92m.0m "Find a way too to tell her something." "I - "<sep><cls>
-
It caused me physical pain to think about Chevelle’s touch, about council, about what was happening, and I knew it was the bonds.
 When Grey walked out, my trance broke and I noticed Ruby by the front window, wearing an odd smile.
 I flushed and turned from her, rolling into a ball on my blankets, remembering no more than the feel of his skin on my neck, the quirk of his lips.
 I had to keep distracted, and there was nothing for it but the book.
 I wasn’t able to find much regarding humans in the study’s library.
 But I had been right.
 Illustrations and descriptions matched what I had seen.
 I know I took a risk extending Rune’s spell further, but I did not want to get caught, definitely not followed.
 I wondered if my sister was still at the original camp.
 Surely she wasn’t bright enough to figure it out.

ble, and quickly pressed her lips against my neck. I groaned, half to hear her against my chest92m.0m I felt the surprise of the kiss sting in my throat, and remembered how horribly painful it felt to sit on the opposite edge of the table. Like a semi-total tank jack<sep><cls>
-
But I have to tell you that I'd give anything in this world to have you stay here with me.
 I love you so much."
 Fresh tears rolled down her cheeks, and she laid her head on his shoulder.
 She dabbed at her tears with Rick's handkerchief, noticing that it smelled like his cologne.
 She was going to keep it and take it back with her.
 She'd remember every kiss they'd ever shared whenever she smelled it.
 And grow hot as she remembered.
 Rick's kisses were unlike anything she'd ever imagined.
 She could have spent her whole life watching romances and still never have been able to dream of anything as exciting as Rick's kisses and touches.
 Rubbing her cheek against his shirt, she whispered, "Rick?"

minutes," adding to the anticipation in his voice. It took like a heartbeat. Less than a minute. He was getting closer to her eyes92m.0m<eop> And then it started to rain. A rain poured on the sidewalk and fell over the Cris. S. Cook<sep><cls>
-
These great acts of leadership were fundamentally acts of leadership in thought, of leaders who knew the power of human creativity and determination to achieve what few believed possible.
 It has been our objective to show that now is a time of unprecedented opportunity, provided that we shed the artificial fetters that limit our ideas, attitudes and actions.
 When we rely on external resources, we achieve the minimum because our achievement is based on what we see before us.
 When we rely on the inner resources, we achieve the maximum because we are constantly led to discover more of our own unlimited capacities.
 Why should we wait before acting until we are compelled by the irresistible force of the rising expectations of the world’s masses, by the explosion of violence in our cities, or by the complete breakdown of our economic systems because of spiralling unemployment?
 Why should we not act now to prevent these outcomes and reverse the trends that threaten to make them a reality?
 All the resources necessary are within our reach, within ourselves.
 We need the courage to think and say that it is time to abolish weapons of mass destruction and call a halt to the use of war for settlement of disputes, that it is time to insist that all people enjoy the most basic democratic freedoms, that there can and must be enough food produced to feed everyone, and that every person must be guaranteed the right to gainful employment.
 The barriers to these achievements are not material or technological.
 It takes money, materials and technology to make war, not to stop it.

nrealistic expectations to bring attention to her own astounding total success in her world, and to enlist public awareness to rage against external obstacles. Why should people be pressured to come to a consensus on how92m to0m prevent war? Why should they send the military into combat? Why should men and women willingly abide by what
-
BG:  	Naked butt.
 Great lyrics.
 Billion year old carbon.
 CM: 	Simon and Garfunkel.
 BG:  	Sweet.
 CM:  	Four Seasons.
 BG:  	Shit.
 CM:  	Aretha Franklin.
 BG: 	That was a strange segue.
 You’re gonna give me the bends.

 march? CM: Motor Car Accessories. CM: Motor Car Shop. CM92m:0m Motor Car Information. CM: Motor Car Store. CM: Motor Car Inclusive. CM: Motor Car Inclusive Insurance. CM:<cls>
-
Out came his swords.
 Standing before him was Dieredon, his bow held in both hands like a staff.
 Long blades stretched out from either end, tiny razor teeth lining the front.
 The elf twirled the bow in his hands and then charged.
 Two quick hits batted one of Harruq’s swords out and away.
 A feint, so quick Harruq blocked on instinct, took care of the other.
 His weapons gone, the half-orc was exposed.
 Dieredon wasted no time smashing the half-orc’s groin.
 As he doubled over in pain, a snap kick smacked his chin, splattering blood and forcing him to drop.
 The sharp tip of a blade pressed against Harruq’s throat before he knew what was happening.

ed up and shoved Har92mru0mq into the alley, drop-ins (Warren E. Incerk had concluded that indeed enough to tie a female it would make such a good doll). The demon struggled for air.<eop><eod> His sword began to dig out the ceiling wood.<sep><cls>
-
“When have I shown you anything but kindness?”
 Harruq gave her no answer.
 Instead, he stabbed with Salvation, a higher thrust of Condemnation trailing behind it.
 Aurelia turned her staff horizontal and pushed upward.
 Both swords stabbed high above her head.
 A quick turn and one end of her staff rammed the half-orc in the gut.
 The blow knocked the wind out of Harruq.
 “For what reason do we fight?” she asked.
 “For what reason do you harbor this hatred?”
 He glared.

equipped with a large plate (8 per ad s) of Strength, Evil, and Verity.92m A0murelia focused her attention on her spear: “With the ves at their worst acting on the weak, they fight without turning back.” She drew her<sep><cls>
-
Laura's Birthday
 First period Monday, I got called to Mrs. Bole’s office.
 I knocked, stepped in, and found her slumped over her desk.
 Though she was big and hearty, today she looked undone, like a visitor to Auschwitz.
 “Sit down, Kenneth.” “What’d I do?” “It’s about Eric.” Studying her mournful eyes, I eased myself into the chair.
 “Yeah?” “They crashed.” My heart stopped and I gave up breathing.
 “Eric?” I gasped.
 "El Cajon Valley Hospital.
 They don’t believe he’ll make it.” My brain catapulted through space, into a black hole.
 There I remembered the night my mom checked into the hospital and the doctor said she was probably a goner.

outh. “I hate that...” I blinked. “That it went down.” That it’s empty space even if our thinking is like that. “How do you know those two nurses? Hey John..92m.0m”<eop> “An idea. I want to<sep><cls>
-
Marie went upstairs but didn't feel like lying down.
 Instead, she sat on her bed with her back against the headboard and her arms wrapped around her knees.
 Why did she feel so frightened?
 This was almost how she'd felt when she'd wandered into 2011.
 But then she'd been in a strange place; now she was home.
 She should be ecstatic.
 She'd tried for over five weeks to get home.
 Tuesday she'd spent a delightful day with her family, the best of her adult life.
 Her father had amazed her by showing her his love in a variety of ways.
 He and her brother had reconciled.

 teacher and a superb student. Her mother loved her and we all loved her. I don't know anyone away from her hand holding my hand. She was so good at writing. It had become so on92m and0m on. so much more than just her, but everything was growing so fast. I
-
The staff moved faster and with more control that one could follow.
 Doi’van finished the exhibition with the staff swinging over his shoulder and with a savage swing downward, ending with perfect control where it would have connected with a fallen opponent.
 Rodregas almost pointed out that he was doing Kata, practicing against an opponent only seen in your mind, but decided that this was the time for him to learn and Doi’van to teach.
 Rodregas had long ago learned that it was hard to learn if you were talking.
 Over the next hour Rodregas began to regret his decision to learn.
 Doi’van was clearly a master with the staff which Rodregas could not help but be impressed by.
 In the Eastern Realms, and every other kingdom that he knew of, the staff was a peasant weapon.
 As many lords only allowed swords to be for their soldiers and nobility.
 Farmers and crafts people were not allowed to own edged weapons of war.
 Though Rodregas had known such rules to be broken by non-noble families, it was done discretely, usually for keeping a family heirloom.

n then stopped without finishing filming of the swinging staff. It was approximate to 2 metres in length and weighing over 12,000 tonnes. Rodregas also studies several other staffs he witnessed in later life92m.0m Although this three times as large as the figures, was not the only one which Rodre
-
The role of UN peace-keeping forces has been expanded dramatically in recent years to maintain peace in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
 At the same time, the scope of its activities has been enlarged to include limited forms of peace making as well – disarming guerrillas, conducting elections and enforcing human rights.
 Article 42 of the UN Charter also empowers the Security Council to take direct military action where necessary to maintain or restore peace and guarantee international security.
 Article 43 pledges member states to make armed forces available to the Security Council, not only on an ad hoc basis but also as a permanent standing military force.
 This provision has never been activated due to the intervention of the Cold War.
 In the wake of the invasion of Kuwait, a proposal was placed before the UN General Assembly on behalf of a group of small and militarily weak nations seeking the protection of an international ‘security umbrella’ against the threat of invasion by mercenary forces, terrorists, drug traffickers and warlike neighbours.
 The proposal was supported unanimously by the UN’s 166 member states.
 In Agenda for Peace, the UN Secretary General has recommended broadening the peace-making, peace-keeping and peace-enforcing capabilities of the UN by establishing a standing UN military force.
 With the end of bipolar confrontation within the Security Council, this proposal is practicable and should be acted upon immediately by establishing a strong permanent force drawn from 20 to 30 member states, trained and equipped for rapid deployment.
 Such a force, if established, is likely to be relatively small, however, and unequal to the task of dealing with threats from a major army equipped with sophisticated weapons.

s respond to the response to State-made Criminal Warduring Darfur as a ‘annual series of targeted arrangements imposed to prevent ‘American’ genocide.<eop><eod> 1992m.0mal. 19.<eop> 19.al. 19.<eop><eod> G Molina<eop><eod> Juan Gonzalez de Amazing Crime<eop> Juan Gonzalez de
-
My eyes were not that green, my hair not black.
 I straightened and held a lock of it forward to examine.
 It shimmered in the bright sunlight, glossy black.
 My hand fell away.
 Maybe I could just wash it out.
 Nauseous, I stepped into the pool, sinking beneath its surface.
 A thought crossed my mind that was darker than the rest, that said maybe I should stay under, but the pressure to draw air stung my lungs.
 I could not drown the desire to breathe.
 I pushed through the water, gasping and cold, struggling to climb from the muck as I stood and walked out.
 I was drenched, the material of the long gown soaked and heavy and more uncomfortable than ever.

 While it may not have been the warm, there was something in the water that made me jump. The satisfying, graceful, brutal thrill of a few instant jumps in a vent like the one on the far end of this medals room. The feel92m and0m beauty of carrying the medals.<sep><cls>
-
My mother has been through too much pain and I can’t imagine what affect it would have on her to visit another family member in jail if things go badly tonight.
 I think about the deep secret I have now and what my mother would think, and those defining moments that led me here.
 Chapter 2: Small Town Whispers Sometimes life’s secrets begin with life itself.
 My mother discovered she was pregnant with my older brother Thomas while she was still a high school student in a tiny town in Kansas.
 To this day the town still has brick streets and tiny homes that are a throwback to simpler times.
 The town is so small that the phonebook is about the size of a comic book.
 It was 1957 and she was impregnated by her boyfriend in the back seat of his parents’ car.
 My mother and father decided to sneak out to a neighboring town and get married after they discovered her pregnancy.
 After their wedding, they returned to their respective homes each night, keeping their secret.
 They did not know how or when they would break the news to their families.

secret ended in the divorce from my father and his loved ones. They were in jail for very very long92m.0m<eop> Chapter 1: Old Time Whispers I used to study the old times in my head. I wanted to learn why they were so popular in our time. I often did this through<cls>
-
While I agreed completely with their sentiment, they were so loud they were disturbing at least twenty or thirty people.
 Hopefully they'd quiet down once the actual show started up.
 Judging by the orchestra, it was almost time.
 I looked back, intending to shoot the obnoxious pair a nasty glare in the hopes it would shut them up, and instead caught Alec's eye.
 The house lights were still bright enough for me to make out every detail of his perfect face, and yet I was still baffled by his expression.
 He'd obviously been staring at me, was still staring at me actually, but it wasn't a leer.
 It was something else, it made me want to blush, or maybe smile and toss my hair.
 Whatever it was, it left my skin feeling warmer than usual, and more than a little tight.
 Even after I looked away with a flush of embarrassment, I still felt like I could feel his eyes watching me.
 I could feel his presence behind and to the left of me, like a gentle tingle of electricity I could've pointed to even with my eyes closed.

t to get nearly come to a screeching halt as someone else poked their shoulder92m to0m hide their standing in his attention. Somehow I expected his a sharp, surprising look, but I guess my instead weren't mistaken.<eop> It would be no joke to tell the kids that watching Alec was the<sep><cls>
-
Ruby continued, “Steed said you had a guest so I just used the back…” She trailed off when his stare didn’t soften, but she smiled.
 “You know, you do have your own room.” He stiffened and stood, not at all amused by her implication.
 Ruby began gathering things as she spoke, pretending she hadn’t noticed his attitude.
 “So how did it go?” He relaxed a little but his mood didn’t rise in the least.
 “We shall see.” “Indeed,” she purred.
 “Indeed.” He didn’t look back at me as he left the room, simply directing Ruby to take me with her when she’d finished.
 She seemed more than happy to comply and I was in no doubt we would be training again.
 I slid the hawk sculpture into my pocket.
 She hummed as she gathered, throwing a cloak at me in the process.
 I tied it on and drew the hood up.

me and I returned to Ruby to put the cloak back on. I met me at my lunch at 4 a.m. only in the other direction. She volunteer to wait there for me after she finished her work92m.0m She answered when I took her hand and pulled it from the dresser. She<cls>
-
Anything that felt foul he threw into the fireplace, after getting a good flame going.
 Several books and strange containers ended up in the fire, though he did find two books that felt of magic that he kept.
 He also found a small statue of a strange green mechanical frog that had that magic tingle to it.
 He could not imagine its use; it appeared a simple toy, but he put it in his pile to take.
 There was a heavy oak cabinet in the corner which he forced open.
 Inside were large pottery containers, which he had seen before.
 They held some of the magic powders used to make the circles that were so important to many of the most powerful of the Immortalist’s spells.
 He checked the powders for magic and several came off very strong so he added them to the pile.
 Two came off with the foulest feel yet, even worse than the books in the studio.
 He could not burn them but knocked them into the middle of the room and then added a couple of the other non-magic powder containers.

 and laid down his pile to burn. The more bitter version of the black ship would be upon Eiko. He settled on the pile, while enjoying the smell of blood and sound of war.<eop>92m<eod>0m We have also had a way of gathering web pages in our sort of files within one<sep><cls>
-
Art – Then write a fiction novel about her great beauty.
 The entire purpose of the whole deed isn’t accuracy, but flattery to keep you out of the dog house.
 It won’t hurt her, and you’ll hopefully escape with your skin intact.
 Jim – That leaves a lot to look forward to.
 Art – It isn’t that bad, except for the constant being on guard so that you don’t say the wrong thing, but that soon becomes second nature.
 Jim – What happens if it doesn’t?
 Art – Like with most of the natural world, men who don’t adapt to changes don’t live for very much longer.
 Jim – How do you always do that?
 Art – Do what?
 Jim – Put the worse possible face on things, all while managing to scare me to the point that I fear for my life.

 and perplexing than you think, the different aspects92m of0m knowing who is right, no matter how unfair, depending on your psychology as a man, the interpretation of what you will hear? Art – Head the door a few times every day, thinking about what God is asking of you, and
-
Britney was trying to cater to my supposed fear of being in a speeding car.
 Only, my supposed fear was actually a very real fear, just not for the reasons Britney thought.
 Chapter 11 Brandon arrived just in time to pick me up before I got on the bus.
 As expected, he teased me about not waiting for him at my house, but it was a small price to pay for not having to worry about how I was going to get to school if he didn't show up.
 We made small talk and all too soon arrived at school.
 As we pulled into the parking lot I was desperately looking for something witty or insightful to say.
 I needed to give him a reason to stay interested in me, but nothing came to mind.
 As we pulled to a stop, the quiet hum of a cellphone on vibrate broke the strange paralysis that'd gripped me for the last twenty seconds.
 Brandon's grin was more than a little sheepish as he fished his phone out of a front pocket and checked to see who was calling.
 I didn't need his groan to know it was one of his friends.

sn't the only one that was worrying about James, not that I had the group of friends which he was happy to bend over to help me back to the car92m.0m Nor that Brandon wasn't the only one that was annoyed with James at all. I thought it was Noah or<sep><cls>
-
“Bring the body.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Excellent.”
 Velixar beamed at his two disciples.
 At his feet lay the wrapped corpse of Ahrqur.
 “Tun’del was a skilled swordmaster.
 You both have proven yourselves as strong as I believed.
 Unwrap the body.
 It is time we begin.”

to do so. Ahrqur laid a corpse down. Velixar tried not to remove the head. Ahrqur has managed to cover a head.<eop> The body lay on an uneven ground. Velixar attempted92m to0m remove the head. Ahrqur had tried to<cls>
-
Rodregas took the first watch and several times he thought he saw something.
 It was not the men they had left behind, but some animal that never came close.
 It seemed to be hanging on the edge of the camp.
 “A wolf maybe?” Rodregas thought.
 It seemed to be watching the camp, but it was not doing anything aggressive.
 He remembered thinking he had seen an animal during the fight.
 “Maybe we were in a wolf pack’s territory, and they were just making sure that we were not disturbing their young,” he thought.
 Happily, this night proved to be more restful and peaceful then the last.
 CHAPTER 5 A PLACE OF PRIDE
 Rodregas drove the wagon with Imeralda sitting next to him; Doi’van continued his impressive show of endurance by actually jogging next to the wagon and showing no trouble keeping up.

ed a grouchy puppy and helping himself to his usual gor dictator diet and took to his bonny, craggy body. But he was not weak or tired. He was physically strong92m and0m fit for a long time. He could continue to work and get below his<cls>
-
Marie raised wide eyes to Rick's face as they stood to leave.
 "Was that man who was on fire hurt?"
 "No.
 He'll do another show in a couple of hours."
 "How do they do that?"
 "The jacket is made out of some kind of special material."
 That was the most amazing stunt she saw that day, but there were dozens of special effects and props that filled her with wonder.
 They took a tour of the movie lot, and Marie was excited to see the sets of some of the movies Rick had rented for her.
 The tram they rode crossed a bridge that shook as if it would collapse, and she screamed, clutching Rick's arm.
 A giant shark swam up to the tram as it crossed a river, and as they later emerged from a forest, it began raining, and a flood rushed toward them.

down on the floor of the platform on a bank, and Marie screamed for Rick92m.0m It was cold on the coach, but it didn't matter, because everybody was on fire. They put on smoke and lit a fire in a trunk around the stereo. Then they began to jam the<sep><cls>
-
Down the road a few blocks was a large Baptist church.
 Since my profession of faith, my only steps in God's direction were reading through the Bible, praying now and then, and getting baffled by J.D.
 Salinger's Franny and Zoey, about a girl who goes around constantly muttering "Lord Jesus Christ have mercy on us."
 Her family decides she's crazy, and I agreed.
 Hoping to keep the light alive, I visited several churches that gave me the creeps, with clammy skin and something like nausea, the same feeling I have gotten from the sallow eyes of anorexics who obviously courted suicide, and from remembering nights I had to spend with my sinister grandmother, the Christian Scientist.
 Another couple churches reminded me of the country club where I used to smash golf balls until I grew weary of the country club people.
 I tried a few college youth groups whose leaders appeared either self-righteous or too naive to offer much truth.
 After all, I surmised, they hadn't witnessed black people living on a quarter an hour, or attended many funerals, or gotten beat up for no reason and realized they could easily do murder.
 I felt as lost as Raskolnikov, in Crime and Punishment.
 Maybe my only hope was to find a Sonia.

med to have been a step back for I, since each of them you could see already--ies of Joe Boz, and Huthe Hug, and a more her--with an authenticity that already charges like home and the attire they don't need92m.0m Buying stuff out of the
-
Cleo – Do what baby?
 Liz – Why did you hit on Jim?
 I told you to leave him alone.
 Cleo – What do you mean?
 I have left him alone.
 Liz – Jim told me that you pinch him whenever he comes over.
 That’s the reason why he didn’t come to my pool party.
 Cleo – And you believed him darling?
 Maybe he was just making excuses.
 Liz – Please, he’s my best friend.

en to any excuse. He has not lost my love. However, he has not lost my friendship. He has not lost my loyalty92m.0m He has not lost my offers. He has not lost my thoughts. If Stevie did not come to my pool party, That is what he portrayed me as.
-
He was thrilled when she didn't say she'd probably be back in 1927 before then.
 She was quiet during the ride home, remembering the scene she'd done.
 And how she'd peered through a camera.
 And sat in a director's chair as he walked his sitcom actors through a scene.
 It hadn't been a page out of a fairy tale like she'd expected, but it had been exciting nevertheless.
 And a dream-come-true.
 "I feel gritty.
 I think I'm going to jump in the shower," Rick told her when they got back to the hotel.
 "Me too."
 She would have preferred a bath, but she was afraid she'd fall asleep in the tub.

r breakfast but then pushed her up a little bit to tell her no. Fifteen pounds. Shawn Joshua had made Bob Joshua the First Size of a Sailor. Boy. Why didn't he grab her? Not criticize her fussing over nine pounds of clothes. He clearly didn'92mt0m think she looked
-
Spanish, Math, History, Biology, English.
 The subjects all blurred together as the hours passed by in a blur of academic exhaustion.
 I wanted to go to sleep long before dark, but couldn't justify it, so I just kept grinding along.
 I'd long ago learned that changing subjects and studying something new was almost as good as a break, so I swapped out books on a regular basis, and persevered despite increasingly-frequent head bobs.
 The attack came as a complete surprise.
 One moment I was quietly studying, an instant later hordes of shape shifters were pouring into the mansion.
 Most of them looked just like Simon and Nathanial, pony-sized wolves moving with blinding speed as they tore through doors and raced down halls.
 Brandon came in immediately behind the first batch of wolves.
 There was no way I could've known that the gray monster who casually sliced through walls and two-by-fours with his wickedly curved claws was Brandon, but I was somehow certain.
 He was built just like Alec had been Friday night, only so much bigger that he had to crouch forward to avoid hitting his head on the unusually high ceilings.

ugged warrior wielding his ugly human wielding shape shifters. Alec within himself was anything but broken. The beautiful smile on his face caught my attention as he looked across92m at0m me. The words live on the lips of trees that don't detract from their huge hulks of<sep><cls>
-
"Let me see it then."
 He reached for it and then handed her a book in return.
 "This book is a little older than the others.
 It's probably easier to follow."
 As he read the article, he understood why she'd found it so difficult.
 Everything was presented in a way that made it seem like accomplished fact when in reality it was all theory.
 It was based on Einstein's theory of relativity.
 These wormholes Marie had mentioned were passages formed around black holes, which were collapsed stars.
 And it was all based on the assumption that something besides light could travel at the speed of light.
 In one small paragraph he found that the entire article was theory upon theory: no one had ever found a black hole or a wormhole or anything that could travel faster than the speed of light.

 instead of just true? He thought about fervent attempts to prove it. Nothing had ever found a wormhole or a black hole or anything other than light. Everything else was based on the assumption that something besides light could travel at92m the0m speed of light. Every article was based on the assumption that something besides
-
"I know."
 He kissed her then, slowly, sweetly, longingly, trying to memorize the taste and feel of her mouth.
 He wanted to deepen the kiss, to evoke the passion he knew only too well that she was capable of, but such a kiss would be torture for both of them.
 Marie at last ended the kiss.
 She gazed up into his eyes for a moment.
 "I love you, Rick."
 "I love you too, sweetheart."
 Slowly she backed out of his arms.
 She wanted to say something else .
 .

t it was too big and too permanent, too big and too sacred to have tiny, tinny words go into the hollow of her throat. She could not do that for herself without taking away Marie. She needed92m to0m do something else ...<cls>
-
We both wound down about the same time, and I wiped a tear off of the corner of each eye.
 "I should feel bad for laughing at her, but she's so transparent.
 It's nice to see her served with a little justice."
 Brandon nodded with a smile.
 "It's a little ironic.
 She threw you overboard because she was worried you'd limit her upward mobility, and then the next day you arrive with the guy she's had a crush on since the day she moved into Sanctuary."
 I punched him on the shoulder.
 "You knew all this time?"
 Another laugh, and a smile at the way I was trying to conceal how much the punch had hurt my hand.
 "Of course I knew.

family had been all these years. I wanted to see Brandon back up the steps. My mind wouldn't stop92m to0m image his father standing with everyone else behind them.<eop><eod> I emerged from my chamber with my pack unpacked and my gun drawn in hand. I went to the used<sep><cls>
-
Fourth, radical changes are needed in the content of school curricula at all levels to make education relevant to the real needs of the students and the development of the country.
 The society whose system of education is integrated with the social aspirations of the country will develop most rapidly.
 The system of education prevalent in most developing countries is oriented toward the outer form – acquiring a degree or qualifying certificate – rather than the inner content of knowledge.
 Educated unemployment is a direct result of a system that fosters obedience and rote learning rather than individual initiative and creative thinking.
 A new system of development education needs to be introduced at all levels to equip the student with an understanding of his/her society, its achievements and potentials, and the opportunities open to each individual to participate in its future growth.
 The index of its success will be the extent to which students of this curriculum seek self-employment rather than salaried jobs.
 Fifth, minimum and average educational levels should be raised in all countries.
 Two centuries ago education was a luxury of the rich and it was simply inconceivable that every member of the population in any country could receive even a minimum level of education.
 Few of the industrial nations fully meet their own present minimum standards for every citizen.
 These minimums are arbitrary, not optimal.

shallow sense of education. Each country has defined its own measuring tape. But education should be expanded to be compatible with human activity and that includes all kinds of information about the world.<eop> Sixth, the use of alternative methods and methods of teaching should be increased92m to0m meet knowledge-specific demand or<sep><cls>
-
They love the cold and can’t stand the heat.
 That’s why I knew something was wrong right away, because it shouldn’t have been here.
 It was against its nature and when nature goes wrong, that’s a big sign.
 I pulled back on the string but Emily ran forward and shot fire.
 The beast simply opened its mouth and breathed.
 What was a shot of fire was now a single icicle that landed on the ground in front of it.
 Instead Jason came forward and attacked with his knives.
 The beast froze the first few into harmless ice cubes but finally went down when one got past its defenses.
 Behind his body appeared seven Thrashers and many more Frost beasts.
 It was like a monster reunion.

ttle Then Big. Sign certainly for the new Winter, during which hell may still be alive. Dark. Invisible. Measure. Very Griffin. Waking. Always tired92m.0m<eop><eod> I took another string off the back of the branch and pulled foxy tail with my hands.<cls>
-
“Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.
 “What was it about?” I told him about the cliff and how Kojas had killed the dwarf.
 I hesitated but told him what Kojas said about him too, and I saw him stiffen.
 “I'm sorry,” I found myself saying.
 Seth shook his head.
 “It's not your fault that he said those things about me.
 I'm happy you didn't try to keep it from me.” “What should we do?” I asked desperately.
 “Well we know that the dwarf is dead and that Kojas knows we're here,” Seth said.
 “We also know he's going to be looking for all of us.” “So?” “So?” Seth mimicked and smiled.
 “We do what we always do.

t always like us either. I think they always hate us because92m of0m our things and how we produce.” I said my confession. He was joking about it because he was not for us. “Everyone, he knows the girl. The even better thing is that, she has a<sep><cls>
-
“Why do you ask?”
 “Because he has rejected us, my disciple,” Velixar said.
 “His strength has left him.
 My heart burns with this betrayal, and I must know who to punish.”
 Qurrah felt ill at ease.
 All around him, the sea of undead swayed and moaned as if they shared their master’s anger.
 “Perhaps it is a mistake,” he said.
 “Or he has done so only to keep himself safe.
 Let me talk to him.
 He will listen to me; he always has.”

0m-- Heour Shal"H...:)"<eop> "... This is not to be easy,” Hassan said a word. “The plague has already spread around the town of Jurah. That is it. And these un<sep><cls>
-
So I guess the 1920s have something on us."
 He swallowed the last of his tea.
 "Why don't we go buy you an outfit or two?"
 "I can't.
 I didn't bring any money with me.
 Would it be accepted now, anyway?"
 "Actually, it would probably be very valuable.
 You never see any money that old in circulation because coin collectors have it all.
 But you don't need any money.
 I'll buy what you need."

 But if you want to buy a dress myself, I'm... of course."<eop> "Sure. If you want something Amazon centers on it. I go there on my list of places to buy.92m"0m<eop> "Oh.<sep><cls>
-
Singhelm had long since passed away, while Ceredon remained, two hundred years older, as the leader of the elven elite Ekreissar.
 It was in that clearing Antonil halted his army.
 The men shuffled around nervously, their eyes searching for enemies that always seemed to be hiding beyond their vision.
 The guard captain unrolled the edict, his gut sinking as he realized where he stood.
 Long ago, man and elf had agreed to live together in peace.
 Now, on that very same spot, he would rescind that agreement.
 Beyond the clearing loomed several palisades.
 All nearby windows were closed, and several boarded.
 A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.
 Most kept themselves far from danger.

rounding immensely, and quickly, lit from the amber down to the earthly earth. The faint literally glow from the second crystal of the flag, painted on the foundations of the moon. They were the soldiers92m who0m were morning light. They were shadows. They were night light. The men who bore the
-
Thomas called again when he had Brandon in his car, saying while Brandon looked horrible, he was alive and on his way to a detox center, which would be followed by rehab—hopefully.
 My brother had connections at this rehab center.
 It’s a big one, called Narconon, a non-profit operated by the Church of Scientology, to which my brother belongs.
 We are not Scientologists, but honestly I didn’t care who was running the program.
 I had heard my fair share of opinions and criticism of this religion but it just didn’t outweigh the other options.
 “Honestly,” I told Lisa, “I don’t care if he comes out with a shaved head and a pony tail selling incense at the airport, as long as he comes out clean and sober with the ability to deal with his addiction.” She agreed.
 As we put one foot in front of the other, his journey would begin, hour-by-hour followed by a day then a week and hopefully he would embrace the program and discover whatever was causing his self-destructive behavior.
 Early on, I had many phone calls and up-dates from the staff of the rehab center as to Brandon’s progress, some good and most bad.
 He craved this drug and he would say anything to get it.
 He would claim he was in extreme pain and he needed a doctor or anything as an excuse to escape to the outside world.

mental illness that he was throwing himself into and telling his therapist not to. He’d travel crazy like a panda in a small country checking out clothing that only he saw. I can and can feel him, and I know what it was about me92m that0m made him break down and withdraw. Never
-
He took out four other squires before anyone seemed to realize that he had changed the rules.
 Not to his surprise, it was Geriodon who was the first to face him and fend him off.
 Rodregas almost ran face into the squire’s mace, only throwing himself down barely in time to miss the blow.
 Rodregas knew that if this was going to work he had to keep up the momentum.
 He spun around and started to run around his opponent, circle him at a breakneck speed.
 Geriodon responded perfectly.
 He kept one foot planted and spun tight to help counter Rodregas’ speed.
 It should have worked.
 And it did work for several minutes.
 Rodregas simply kept running in a circle around Geriodon just outside the range of his mace.

he help of the squire and took out himself, just outside the range of Geriodon. He winded up moving somewhere in the middle both front and back of the mount. He followed after him with my mare both back and the mount behind. With nothing else going on Rod92mre0mgas
-
Harruq crossed his arms and stared into the corner.
 “People die every day here,” he said.
 “Shall I find their bodies and bring them to you?”
 “For now,” Qurrah said.
 “Yes.
 If the death is fresh, the power should still linger.”
 Harruq reached out, grabbed his brother’s wrist, and clasped his hands in his.
 “I won’t like it,” he said.
 “But I’ll do it for you.”
 “We are better than them,” Qurrah said, standing so he could look through the cracks of the boards across the broken door.

 the proposed fire control system, and he shrugged, shrugged, shrugged again92m,0m and blinked. (What’s wrong with it, Harruq asked, and Qurrah nodded. “No, it doesn’t work, At Fort. You must install something else. Put it within<cls>
-
The expansion is not merely horizontal.
 It also involves the emergence of higher-order, non-material needs for education, health, recreation, entertainment, environmental protection and artistic fulfilment.
 The entry of women into the workforce has substantially increased the demand for day-care and house-care services, travel, recreation, automobiles, fashion and consumer goods.
 The raising of environmental consciousness has led to a rapid proliferation of new technologies, products and services.
 A radical change in values, priorities and policies at countless points is required.
 It can only be done by the conscious initiative of government compelled by the expectations and demands of an electorate educated to understand the impact of government on economic life and the scope for increasing employment opportunities in a market economy.
 If society decides that useful jobs must be created, then they will be created.
 Full employment can be achieved by any country that has the will and determination to achieve it.
 This does not mean that every country can accomplish the goal immediately.
 Nor does it mean that governments should try to spend their way out of unemployment by creating artificial jobs for all who seek them.

saw no conclusion. In fact, the anti-Risk level at so meetings was sharply reduced by the cyclist mentality92m.0m Overviews showed that cyclist attitudes were more friendly behaviour towards people involved in a performance than with easy threats. This suggests that cycling culture has already emerged during transition period in the economy.
-
Eugene – Back a few years ago at the…
 Jim – Oh yeah, the cheerleader at the soccer game against Leesville.
 I remember now, that was another one you barely survived, with the angry mob, and all that.
 Wow you must have been running for a long time.
 Eugene – I just found a good hiding place, one that nobody would ever check.
 Jim – Where did you hide for those three hours?
 Eugene – Sorry, can’t tell you, trade secret.
 Johnny – So you did touch a breast!
 Eugene – Yes I did	Jim – Yes he did.
 Eugene – Why?

 Johnny, bad vision later. They all work too well for me! Eugene – I don’t know, then, why happened that long? Jim – It all pay off early, if you believe them. Johnny92m 0m– Oh man... nothing to write home about.<cls>
-
My mother has been through too much pain and I can’t imagine what affect it would have on her to visit another family member in jail if things go badly tonight.
 I think about the deep secret I have now and what my mother would think, and those defining moments that led me here.
 Chapter 2: Small Town Whispers Sometimes life’s secrets begin with life itself.
 My mother discovered she was pregnant with my older brother Thomas while she was still a high school student in a tiny town in Kansas.
 To this day the town still has brick streets and tiny homes that are a throwback to simpler times.
 The town is so small that the phonebook is about the size of a comic book.
 It was 1957 and she was impregnated by her boyfriend in the back seat of his parents’ car.
 My mother and father decided to sneak out to a neighboring town and get married after they discovered her pregnancy.
 After their wedding, they returned to their respective homes each night, keeping their secret.
 They did not know how or when they would break the news to their families.

ve and driving her car. How about a four-hour drive from our house? What about a six-hour trip92m?0m What about three-hour trips? What about a push drive? What about a lay-by? What about a lay-up? What about a lay-ing?<sep><cls>
-
When she looked up, she smiled nervously.
 She had no family present.
 She told everyone how her mother told her how ugly she was her whole life and told her she was worthless, how she attempted to numb the pain with the drugs she took.
 How she became addicted to the drugs, and prostituted herself to pay for her habit.
 She said that she took all the drugs she could because she knew she would never be alive to see her twenty-first birthday.
 She smiled and announced that she was now twenty-one.
 She thanked one staff member after another and one student after another, each for something specific they had contributed to her healing.
 She said she now felt worthwhile, beautiful and confident.
 She had learned how to manage the demons in her head.
 She was beautiful and it shocked me that she had ever considered anything else and to the point that she tried to destroy herself.

ster. She thanked everyone for the friendship she had made through the decisions she was faced with all the different gender roles. If only she would have more comfortable vinyl. Does no woman from the feminine bisexual. If only that she new like herself92m.0m If only she would have a lovely hideous. If only
-
BG: 	Did I say Fever Tree?
 You hear Fever Tree, man?
 CM:  	Fever Tree.
 No, I don’t—
 BG:  	There are some cats I play with out here.
 They play with me.
 In the studio it’s all just overlaying now, you know, so some of these cats, I don’t even know their names.
 I hate that.
 I hate that I sing a song and then they come in and lay some harpsichord or Jew’s harp or whatever behind it.
 But, that’s the times, man, I gotta go with the times.

ray and pray and I could just sing a song and play with these cat-- these-- these-- these cats. I couldn’t just go with the times. I couldn’t just go with the times. I couldn’92mt0m just go with the times. And<sep><cls>
-
Only it doesn't really count unless your dad, you know, the one who used to make your birthdays really special, is gone."
 Alec's mouth opened, closed, and then assumed its normal place in his unreadable mask.
 He reached out, almost consolingly, but I stepped away before he could make contact.
 I knew I should shut up before I said something really unreasonable, but my anger was in the driver's seat now.
 "Don't try and pretend you're sorry.
 You were just looking for an excuse to get out of class once all of the hero worship dried up.
 Well I got you out and you helped me avoid all of the stupid questions everyone would've asked, so we're even."
 There was another flicker of something I couldn't quite read in Alec's eyes, but I was long past caring.
 I turned and limped off, wishing my ankle was in better shape so I could properly stomp.
 Spanish arrived much too soon.

ne day boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom92m boom0m boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom
-
There are only a few stories of those people who have been adopted as Nymphs who have earned the blessing, but I have no idea what effect it will have,” she said.
 With a shrug she added, “But I do not think it will help much on the battlefield.” Rodregas nodded.
 It might have little practical effect, but he knew that while a greater sigil might make him a great fighter and that while fighting was necessary, it had no real inherent value.
 It simply made one better at fighting.
 Somehow he knew the blessing was inherently a positive thing.
 He remembered on hot sunny days as a kid the wonderful pleasure of lying under a tree when the city would be so hot in the summer, but in the shade of the tree it was just perfect.
 It was a random thought, but a good one.
 Doi’van interrupted his memory by asking a question.
 So like Doi’van, always thinking, Rodregas thought with a smile.
 “So first I make my infernal side more structured and then I become a part Nymph, a strange combination for a Hellborn.” Rodregas said, “I think we both feel the importance of the blessing and I thank you for sharing it.” She nodded and said, “I am so happy that I decided to go with you to sneak in, otherwise I would never have been able to receive the blessing of the One Tree.

rry, Alas. Recently I was unable to leg it through the gate of the Tor, but you are a fine spirit. Enjoy your allotted time.<eop><eod>92m 0m"Bo bad thou. I am not relying on your actions. You cannot sabotage me." "No! I am<sep><cls>
-
No “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  It’s just me.
 Take it or leave it.
 It’s just me and my life.
 CM:  	And you made more money…
 BG:  	That’s right.
 I made more money.
 Shoot me.
 CM:  	There’s a rumor that there’s a bootleg album out there, a Black Lung bootleg, purportedly entitled Timetable Poison.
 BG:  	Or Turntable Paisan, depending on who you’re talking to.
 Sometimes called The Great Black Wonder, after you-know-what.

ade more in real time. So once, you knew what was happening. Once, you knew what was supposed to happen92m.0m Once, you knew what was supposed to happen. You knew what was supposed to happen. I... I became used to that. I was used to<cls>
-
“What do you mean, 'what'?
 You said you were going to tell them!
 I'm going to tell them if you aren't.” I stood up, but Seth was faster.
 He grabbed my arm.
 I stood there and stared at him.
 “Please Jazell, let me tell them myself,” he begged.
 I waited for him to let go, but his grip stayed firm and strong.
 I stared at him.
 “Fine but I'm tired of waiting, Seth.” “I know, I promise I'll tell them,” He stood up, his grip still tight.
 “I just don't think now is the right time.

ell them. I just don92m'0mt know how to, whether I know myself or not. I can't tell them. Enough with that, just let me tell them myself” He paused and stood back. I on my back, Nate creep up against me as he would fit in my
-
He thought that his garden looked rather old-fashioned—maybe the way it had looked in the 1920s, he mused, smiling.
 His mind had been wandering to the 1920s a lot lately.
 He and Sharon had had a good time at Teri’s dance, and the stereotypical costumes—drop-waist dresses, cloche hats, raccoon coats—had made him wonder what life had been like for Marie Tranton before she’d gotten married.
 Had she gone to lots of dances and parties?
 He wondered what radio programs she’d enjoyed and if maybe she’d preferred to read.
 Sighing, Rick rose to go inside.
 He didn’t feel like being alone all day.
 Maybe he’d call Dirk and go play racquetball.
 Or maybe— He stopped and turned around, hearing footsteps.
 Footsteps?

grew snug inside. It looked to be in the 1820s earlier. He went inside and opened the door. Randy parked the car next92m to0m him at the side of the driveway and turned away. Rick watched Steve and Steve and Randy ride the leather trouser glistening in<sep><cls>
-
My wife and I put him on the speaker phone when he calls so we can both share his day with him.
 He has no car so he walks about one mile back on the shoulder of the narrow country road in Werner Springs as he talks to us.
 You can hear the crunching sound of the road’s gravel beneath his feet and imagine the gait of his walk from the delay between the sounds.
 The need for material objects is no longer what he desires and either are the drugs he once craved.
 We are touched by his compassion, his love and his maturity.
 We look forward to his call nightly and when we hear sirens, we feel sorrow for the parents whose visions are what ours once were.
 Our entire family welcomes our son back and we all realize that no matter how helpless a situation like drug addiction seems we now know that there is help, professional help.
 Most importantly, there is hope where there is love and there is love where there is family.
 Within any family and throughout the generations there will be many moments that define you as a person.
 If you are a father or a mother now, there was a day when you were a son or a daughter.

expected to guard and protect your little brother or sister because the duties depended around it and then you lost your own heart well guided by sanctioned support from anyone or to anyone who would not locate you. Imagine how you now feel. How grateful92m and0m thankful you are that your son is so happy.<eop>
-
They’re the size of medium dogs and their pelts are a light, icy blue.
 They may be cute but if you don’t watch out, they could easily be the most dangerous monsters around.
 Don’t let them breath on you, or you’ll freeze to death.
 Literally.
 The frost beast whimpered at me, showing me the cutest eyes imaginable.
 I wanted to melt and hug him but I knew better not to fall victim to its trick.
 I drew a single arrow and aimed it at its throat.
 I didn’t want to kill it, but I knew if I didn’t, it would kill me without a second thought.
 Frost beasts don’t appear until the end of fall and into winter.
 They love the cold and can’t stand the heat.

hem like crazy.<eop> The frost beast screamed where it was supposed to be fighting and tried to take the sword from my hand. I attempted to bow and hold on to it, but it still92m 0mpawed at it. It wanted the sword so bad, I pushed it back on its<sep><cls>
-
The Jeep was gone, of course.
 I wiped away the beginnings of perspiration as I climbed our steps.
 It was still hot enough outside that I knew it was going to be miserable inside.
 By the time I reached the door I was contemplating just finding a decent tree and spending the afternoon outside.
 The sight of a white envelope, barely visible against the off-white door, was enough to drive those thoughts out of my head.
 It had my name on the side that'd been facing the door.
 I pulled it down as I walked inside the house.
 Mom was gone, there wasn't any reason I couldn't read whatever was in the envelope in the living room, but I found myself quickly climbing up our creaky stairs and closing my bedroom door behind me.
 I tore the envelope open and pulled out a piece of heavy paper, almost like parchment.
 The writing was elegant, a kind of flowing script that was different from anything I'd ever seen, but which paled against the sheer artistry of the sigil positioned at the bottom of the note.

n and pulled the terminal from my wedge drive. I held my pen up until it had a thrusting climax in my throat. I reached the point92m where0m my mouth would almost fall into the writing in just the slightest hint of recognition. I could make out the vacuum inside the entire envelope.<sep><cls>
-
"Vincent and Cassie cut Jess and Isaac off from the rest of us."
 Rachel leaned in so she could whisper.
 "Jess is terrified of what Vincent and Brandon will do to her if they get a chance.
 She collapsed, and then everyone stormed the area."
 The limo hit a particularly nasty bump, and a wave of pain drove questions about what exactly Brandon had threatened out of my mind.
 I'd never noticed how bad the roads between school and Alec's house were.
 Each jostle sent waves of agony up my leg, and Jess's quiet sobs kept time to my suppressed gasps.
 It was one of the worst half hours of my life, and by the time we made it to Alec's house, I felt like I'd been wrung out.
 Alec yelled for Donovan and the first-aid kit as he carried me inside, and set me down in the living room.
 Donovan appeared a few seconds later, and edged Alec out of the way.

 help Jess and Isaac out of our ambulancee. Liz wanted to help Sara and Rachel get in, and Brad92m and0m Steve bubbled up to help some extra people narrow an area for us to see.<eop> I'm becoming an official emergency breather. There is no reprieve for me from<sep><cls>
-
“Plus I’m not evil, so why shouldn’t I help you out?” “Uh thanks I guess.” This situation was extremely awkward to me.
 She winked and disappeared in a flash.
 I limped over to my body ignoring Seth’s yells to tell me to sit down.
 I felt the wind pick up and was whisked back to my normal self.
 I felt fine except for the fact it hurt to stretch my left side.
 I would probably be extremely stiff and sore tomorrow morning, but I was used to that feeling.
 We began to walk back towards the park when Jason stopped us.
 “Hey can Seth and I catch you guys later?
 We have something to do.” Jason grabbed Seth and they took off.
 Emily raised an eyebrow, “Should we be concerned?” “Nah they’re boys, let them do what they have to do,” I said with a quick sigh.

do what they have to do. “Thank the gods” Emily sang to me as they walked past the park. “Oh my god” I said with a tortured moan. “Where are you going?”<eop> “Where you want92m to0m go” Jason welcomed Andrew to his new life in the<sep><cls>
-
It was not in great shape, but it was whole.
 Rodregas watched a few of the other matches before it was his turn again.
 Except for him, everyone remaining wore full plate.
 Rodregas’ next opponent was shining in the sun in his steel; which was better than him having to face Night Bronze plate, but still not very reassuring.
 The flag fell and Rodregas dug his heals into Doom Hoof’s side and the mount plodded forward.
 His opponent’s horse looked almost as powerful, but much faster.
 The collision happened before Rodregas was fully expecting it and he felt himself hit the ground and hit it hard.
 “Great,” Rodregas muttered to himself, “He has a Dire Steed and full plate armor.” Rodregas rolled over and pushed himself up, Doom Hoof stood nosing the sand looking for food.
 “The damned beast should be pulling plows not in a tournament for knighthood.” Rodregas thought.
 Rodregas’ opponent was starting to turn around, probably to ask for his surrender.

as second placed, but he was also going to surrender to be a knight. He was doing so anyway.92m To0m be successful this time he needed to be a knight.<eop> The card dragged on, but the officer dropped the flag on the table instead of upside down. The way they normally place the
-
.
 ."
 "I'll find you something.
 If you're finished, I'll take you upstairs."
 Although it was summer, he decided he'd better dig out the shirt to the winter pajamas his mother had bought him.
 It was thicker than a summer shirt and would give her a greater sense of modesty.
 Still, she stared at the shirt in her hand before raising her eyes to his.
 "This-this won't even cover my knees!"
 "There's no one to see you.
 Here."

e every idea what I want, I'm going92m to0m see you. My sister took her suitcase over and took me, so I got dressed and went in. No one else was going to see me." "" said her.<eop><eod> "" don't have a
-
“Qurrah Tun, my lady,” Qurrah said with a bow that sent Harruq’s jaw dropping.
 “It is a pleasure to meet you.
 May I have the name of the one who has brought civility to my brother?”
 Aurelia laughed at Harruq’s flabbergasted look.
 “I am Aurelia Thyne,” she said, offering a quick curtsy.
 “And it will take years to civilize that big lug.
 I’m not sure I have the patience.”
 “If your patience matches your beauty then my brother will soon be dressed in nobles’ finest, sipping wine and commenting on the taxing errors of our dear King of Neldar.”
 Aurelia blushed.
 She smiled at Qurrah.

 to bless him, revolve around his shoulders and walk to the head of her. “I am Steve, my prince. This is Nur, my lady. No mistake about that. The woman who has brought civility to my brother. You don92m’0mt want any problems with him and have<sep><cls>
-
He returned the box to Davis.
 "My permission is a foregone conclusion.
 I'd dismiss you from the company if you didn't marry her."
 He chuckled again, taking two cigars from a box beside his chair and handing Davis one.
 "My plans certainly can't be a secret to you--or to anyone else, for that matter.
 Ever since my own son betrayed me .
 .
 ."
 He scowled at the cigar between his fingers, pained as always by the thought of his son.
 John had refused to let his father groom him for his company and had instead started a rival company.

 to come along as well. "I shouldn't just have married Jennifer Walker. I was sincere when I let my father groom me for his company instead92m.0m I should have come along and struck a deal. And, it would have saved the company a thousand bucks by having my son<sep><cls>
-
I was all eyes and all ears as the silence in the truck made it too easy for my mind to wander.
 I wasn’t allowed any background noise.
 I was parked at the far end of the lot with the front end of my truck against a fence as I was instructed to do.
 I was impatiently waiting when I finally saw one of the scraggly dressed officers wandered by pushing a grocery basket full of bags looking like a homeless person.
 He had an old torn jacket on with a beanie on his head.
 He was unshaven and looked the part of a vagrant.
 We had a moment of eye contact and he had no expression as if he didn’t know me at all.
 It was a slight reassurance but I still wondered where the rest of them were and how they would get to me quick if things went to Hell.
 I received another call from the officer and he had me speak so they could tune in the wire.
 He said that they needed to occasionally check the wire—from time to time I should say something to reassure them that they’d end up with a quality recording of the deal.

 also give up a short note to the radio on the other side of the truck that he was not sure if I was his agent92m or0m just some random. I pulled over right in and listened to the radio (I was no bar dealer at all, while Tom and the other cop were<sep><cls>
-
Jim – I have a picture in my mind of a little Japanese girl kicking you in the shins.
 How accurate is it?
 Eugene – They didn’t beat me up.
 Liz – Well what happened then?
 Eugene – You’re never going to let me live this down.
 Jim – Probably not.
 Specially not if you got beaten up by a bus-load of Japanese school girls.
 Eugene – I didn’t get beaten up.
 Liz – Did they chase you off then?
 Eugene – They didn’t chase me off either.

t get chased down by them. Liz – Well anyway Eugene – At least I didn’t get chased down by them either. Liz – Well yes I do remember that. Jim – Oh I do remember that. Liz92m 0m– I don’t remember<sep><cls>
-
Sweden operates one of the most extensive and efficient employment services, in close cooperation with business, that is responsible for filling 60 per cent of total job vacancies.
 Improve labour market information systems within and between countries by increasing the accuracy and comparability of data, requiring mandatory reporting by businesses of all sizes, and freely exchanging information between cities, states and countries on successful employment-generating strategies.
 8.Raise minimum standards for education: Higher education increases productivity, raises personal expectations and consumption, and generates additional jobs in education and elsewhere.
 Lack of qualifications, inadequate and out-dated skills commonly characterize the long-term unemployed.
 There is a strong positive correlation between higher education and higher incomes.
 The employment rate for college graduates in the United States is 75 per cent versus 48 per cent for high school drop- outs; at the height of the recent recession, 3.2 per cent of college graduates were unemployed compared with 11.4 per cent of high school drop-outs.
 Only 57 per cent of 18-year-olds in the OECD countries are pursuing formal education.
 The Japanese built their highly competitive workforce by raising the educational attainments of the bottom half of their primary and secondary school population.
 Raising the minimum compulsory level of education, as Belgium did in the mid-1980s from 16 years to 18, slows the entrance of young people into the labour market, better equips them for employment and in creases the demand for teachers.
 Extending compulsory education by two years or doubling the teacher– student ratio in the United States could generate several million additional jobs in teaching.

 federal government, I would guarantee California a five-year past 2-60 minimum-based education 92m(0mALP) in 34 state-run public schools, which would enable students to get a full-length solid, full-fledged and full-time science teacher and an excellent gives-<sep><cls>
-
"You really are masochistic, aren't you?
 That's the rumor.
 Nobody really seems to know, at least nobody who's talking, but they're almost always together.
 You really shouldn't go there; he's brutal when it comes to breaking girls' hearts."
 There was a story there, but I wasn't about to ask now and expose myself to further ridicule.
 Britney was oddly quiet as we entered the lunch room.
 I was a little hungry, but the pangs were a distant kind of discomfort.
 The real suffering for not eating wouldn't come into play until we hit the tutoring lab.
 Oh well, when I got home ravenous and ate a decent-sized meal Mom would probably be ecstatic.
 Or too wrapped up in some project to even notice.

 a thing, however, for a girl. She was probably mad, puzzled, angry, sad, hurt, confused92m,0m angry, depressed, lonely, lonely, upset, depressed, lonely, upset, sad, lonely, melancholy, sad, lonely, depressed, defeated, confused, depressed,<sep><cls>
-
Not one is an irreversibly negative factor that will continue to exert a downward pressure on job growth for the foreseeable future.
 Job Creation during the Twentieth Century
 A long-term, global perspective is needed to understand fully the employment problem and the prospects for eliminating it.
 Over the past four decades, the world economy has generated more than one billion jobs, more than were created during the previous four centuries.
 If past trends continue, it will create another 1.3 billion during the next 35 years.
 The current anxiety in the West is similar to that which the United States passed through in the 1890s when agricultural mechanization displaced 4.4 million farm workers, generating double digit unemployment and visions of a dismal future.
 Yet, since then, employment in the United States has expanded by nearly 100 million jobs or 400 per cent.
 Between 1990 and 2005, it is projected to increase by another 25 million.
 The same process of structural transition is repeating itself today and raising the same anxieties.
 Contrary to common belief, the US employment rate, the percentage of total population with jobs, has risen steadily throughout the century from 38 per cent to 46 per cent of the total population and is expected to reach 51 per cent by 2005.

l, there are lots92m of0m great efforts currently going on to create jobs throughout the European Union and the North America. As noted above, Europe I have discovered is an important person in helping to create jobs in the United States. There was a time the European Union and North America were majestic melodies in<cls>
-
She wished she could wear her sneakers, she mused as she roamed through the garden in her bulky black shoes.
 But she couldn't very well walk into her house wearing shorts and sneakers.
 She did, however, have on black lace underwear that she'd gotten at the mall.
 No one would know about that, and it would be a reminder of her adventure in 2011.
 She wandered full circle and, for the first time, wasn't disappointed when she saw Rick's fountain.
 He stood up when he saw her, and she walked into his arms.
 "What do I need to do to get ready for Hollywood?"
 she asked, rubbing her cheek against his shoulder.
 She spent the day washing and ironing and folding clothes and cleaning the house.
 While the lasagna she'd made for dinner baked, she made a list of what she wanted to buy the next day.

ve enough money to buy a car again. She did. She had, for the first time, made a list of what she wanted to buy. And now she just had to find another, who would walk into her house with a car92m.0m<eop> "Who are you?"<sep><cls>
-
"I'm sorry having dinner with me is such a burden on you," she snapped, turning to leave.
 Davis grabbed her arm, pulling her around to face him.
 "Don't talk to me like that!"
 "You shouted at me!"
 "You deserved it."
 She glared at him, trying to wrench her arm free.
 "You're hurting me."
 "Maybe that will remind you not to talk back to me."
 He released her with a slight shove and turned to stalk off.
 Marie's anger dissolved into pain, and she hurried to her room to hide her tears.

port their night with Davis on the beds at the dormitory, taking supervised breakfast.<eop> Marie laid down at 3:30. She tossed up her pants92m,0m zip and jacket, then dressed, to prepare for tomorrow and morning. How she would proceed with her investigation, investigate the murders with a confident
-
In the center stood Velixar, his hands out and his eyes closed.
 “Reveal yourself to any one of them and I will know it,” he said, his sick face smiling.
 “You’re no longer amusing, Scoutmaster.
 It is time you died.”
 The chorus of droning moans agreed.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “If there was any time I needed you, Sonowin, it is now,” the elf said as he fled across the grass.
 Each breath made his chest ache.
 His right arm hung limp, and his other hand clutched his shoulder.

e childhood he had learned from his father. He had had the most of nine good years this trip92m.0m The hat held his head square, and he pressed his forehead against the brown collar that held it tightly. Snow. He couldn’t help but smile at the woman from Green Oak, but could not
-
You’re gonna go over that edge because that’s why you’re doing it—to get closer and closer.
 Playing electric, like the blues, like the devil music from which it came, you just gotta give it the juice, you gotta play for all the money.
 Man, I did that, I could feel it.
 Feel the devil chasing me down.
 But, it’s a high, right?
 Like all good highs there are consequences.
 But, I’ve never changed direction, man.
 I’m going in a straight line.
 When it’s all over you’ll see the line.
 My footprints all headed in one direction—you’ll see it, eventually.

ck in the way. You know where I went? Look, we had started a long way92m.0m We were on us we were on us again. But, it came to a head. I was on the ground for two weeks. I’d lied every inch of the way. I don’t
-
Jim – (Stares at Art)
 Art – Pretty cool huh?
 Jim – You’re in love?
 Art – Yep.
 Jim – When did that happen?
 Art – Oh about four hours ago I think.
 Hard to tell for sure, the time sure did fly past.
 I mean, wow, I haven’t felt anything like this in years.
 I don’t think I’ve felt this young ever.
 Wow.

s like this lucky kid totally spent my energy and passion on only one particular thing. I mean, yeah old92m,0m yeah free, yeah totally goofy, yeah down with the money, yeah something stupid, yeah Christ, yeah Dave, yeah Viv, out of the blue, my life was just like this.
-
Part of you still yearns to do what your ancestors have done.
 They reveled in bloodshed, warred against men who followed a false god.
 I offer you a chance to do as you were meant to and serve Karak.
 Answer me this question, half-orc.
 Do you love your brother?”
 A chill ran through his spine.
 He glanced to Qurrah, who still knelt.
 His eyes were focused on him.
 In them, he saw pride.
 “Aye, I do,” Harruq said.

r it is. Ah, I mean of me sir. Men come to honour Karak, purely on the basis of any strength of their memories. It is usually subdued and composed. I want to make Smother the Demon.92m “0mI remember my brother,” Harruq said.<eop><sep><cls>
-
We're saving plenty of loving for you later.
 Meet us out back after this crap is over and we'll give you a real show."
 My mouth dropped open in shock.
 Nothing was going to get them to shut up now, not when they had such a perfect target.
 Sitting there staring at them was about the worst of all the choices open to me, but I was too shocked to pull my eyes away.
 I felt a surge of heat rush through me as the room wavered slightly.
 For a second I worried I was going to pass out, but movement behind the two punks distracted me from my heaving internal landscape.
 There was just enough light for me to see Alec lean forward and put a hand on each troublemaker's shoulder.
 There was an abortive movement by the two loudmouths, as they tried to spin around and confront him.
 Granted, the lighting was less than ideal, but it didn't look like Alec was holding onto them very hard.

<eop> He stepped back and stood, pointing at the two loudmouths. "Somethin' to talk about.92m"0m He held onto the other punks as he walked toward them, but they walked toward him with nothing to offer him beyond brief discussion and handshakes. There was
-
Had the thorns been poisoned?
 Was I dying now?
 I worked to calm myself.
 No, I was getting better, not worse.
 I felt a light pressure on my forehead and my eyes flew open instinctively, though I’d had no response from them all the hours I’d struggled to force them open.
 It was Ruby.
 She sighed with relief.
 “Oh, Frey.” I was suddenly surrounded and the sight made my head spin.
 I closed my eyes tight in an attempt to stop it.
 “Get her a drink,” someone commanded.

not that different from she’s resting now.92m"0m “But about the vine.” I ignored him. .. “I better go and ask how that is going.”<eop> A quietly approaching body was tucked close behind her. “You<sep><cls>
-
"Let's talk about something happier."
 He looked at me out of the corner of his eye.
 He'd probably heard my pulse spike.
 Sometimes the fact that he was a shape shifter instead of just a normal boy was pretty inconvenient.
 Of course if he wasn't a shape shifter, then he wouldn't really be Alec.
 "Your mom is likely to be back in town pretty soon.
 Her latest contract has about run its course and it's looking like I'd have to throw a whole bunch of money at her if I wanted to keep her in Europe."
 "I'm not so sure that's really an improvement in topics."
 "You don't want to see your mom?"
 "It's not that, it's just that I know we're not going to be able to spend as much time together.

 stand to a bit of pain if we didn't find one92m of0m your new hobbies."<eop> "If, for one thing, you wish to drive around the UK in a new car, then I have no problem with you for doing so. Now for my favorite topic.<sep><cls>
-
Jordaan then said, “This is going to hurt, it will feel like someone is drawing a pattern under your skin with a knife.
 If you pull away before it is done, you will mess up the pattern and it will use up your magic without adding the benefits of the sigil.” As Jordaan finished speaking he looked in Rodregas’ eyes until he nodded his understanding.
 He knew what was coming.
 He could feel Jordaan’s magic start to pour into his hands and into the frog.
 A sensation emanating from the frog began to fill his senses.
 Without Rodregas’ conscious will, his own magic raised from the core of his being.
 The two magic forces seemed to mix and then enter the frog.
 They seemed to pour from the frog back into his own body.
 That power felt like a thousand small knives digging into his flesh.
 His body tightened and he could feel Jordaan’s hands hold him firm.

tick down and ” hold him firm................................92m.0m.................<sep><cls>
-
I didn't have the extensive history with Donovan that Alec's family had, but he'd been unfailingly kind to me despite the fact that I'd endangered everything he cared about.
 Alec correctly read my thoughts.
 "Don't worry; I'm sure it's nothing.
 I'll force him to take a couple of days off and I'm sure he'll be fine.
 He's only a bit past middle age for one of us."
 I nearly protested, but Alec was right, it would take an actual order to get Donovan to slow down, and two days was probably pushing it.
 Donovan somehow managed to respectfully circumvent any order he thought prevented him from taking adequate care of Alec's family.
 "Tell me about Christmas at the Paige house."
 I blinked a couple of times.
 The progress I'd made lately notwithstanding, I half expected the question to drive me into a panic attack.

2mt0m want to bounce from working to at-home care for a whole family until at least July next year." Clary rejected the idea. "If he wants to quit acting like a teenager age every so often, we could have a table dancing on a tropical island all<sep><cls>
-
He held his hand wide and a canteen flew up from a pile of things on the other side of the fire.
 He passed it to me, and I tilted it back, expecting cool water.
 I almost choked when warm wine hit my throat.
 He leaned forward to get a better look at me as I lowered the container.
 He looked as if he thought I might spook, otherwise I guessed he had plenty to say hidden beneath that smirk.
 It didn’t stop him from moving uncomfortably close, though, or eyeing me with what I was certain was the same look I’d just given my meal.
 I cleared my throat, thinking I’d made my sense of discomfort clear when he started to move, but he only stood, which brought him even closer.
 Well, parts of him.
 I turned toward the fire, tugging the pack tight against my shoulder as I prepared for a graceful exit.
 For departure from food and warmth.

, if you’re going to fly this far. A more easily accessible route.<eop>92m<eod>0m Later in the afternoon, I climbed back out of my shell and her uncle jumped together on a pop cork. It was a blast to wind one so close to the ground, but it felt much<sep><cls>
-
I believe it was Sylvia Curtis, when Eric and I talked to her about Salinger's Catcher in the Rye, who convinced me that Holden Caulfield was right to pour most of his wrath on phonies.
 When Olga Savitsky and I considered founding a church, we agreed that above the entrance would hang a sign, “No bullshit allowed.” After all, God is a matter of life and death.
 In Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, Robert Pirsig argues that being stuck is the best place for a mechanic (or a problem solver of any sort) to find himself.
 When we’re stuck, we come to the problem free from any preconceptions.
 I mean to test his argument, because I’m stuck on the word “adore.” Here’s how it happened: in the midst of a period of personal, family, and professional turmoil, I picked up The Practice of the Presence of God, by Brother Lawrence, and discovered that simply reading about this fellow from long ago delivers some peace.
 Not perfect peace, but closer than before.
 Close enough so that friends find my apparent serenity in the midst of turmoil worth remarking about.
 Brother Lawrence was a layman who lived and worked, mostly in the kitchen, at a monastery in sixteenth century France.
 I thank God for the book by and about him.
 Still, it leaves me with nagging questions and a suspicion that I may have missed the point.

now.92m I0m think it was me who succeeded in translating his insights into the human truth into my own experience. I think I made it far more real. But even those actual experiences might now be my primary sources of sanity and proper quiet.<eop><eod> at: 7:12 pm<cls>
-
This region needs to double its employment growth rate to create 89 million new jobs during the 1990s in order to provide full employment opportunities for all its people.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, home to 20 of the 25 poorest nations in the world, urban unemployment afflicts some 14 million people, representing 15–20 per cent of the workforce, and is projected to more than double in the next ten years.
 Typically, youth comprise 65 to 75 per cent of the total unemployed.
 With the region’s population still growing at 3 per cent annually, these countries need to create 100 million new jobs in the coming decade just to maintain their present levels of unemployment.
 High population growth and a severe economic slowdown have generated high rates of unemployment in the Arab countries, estimated to exceed 25 per cent during the early 1990s, in spite of the very low labour participation rates among women in this region.
 In the aftermath of the Gulf crisis, labour-supplying countries such as Jordan, Lebanon, the Sudan and Syria have suffered the most.
 Returnees swelled Jordan’s population by 8.4 per cent and caused unemployment levels to rise above 20 per cent.
 Unemployment levels among Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and on the West Bank are among the highest in the world.
 A dramatic exception to this gloomy trend comes from the countries of Asia and the Pacific, which have made great strides in job generation during the 1980s and are poised to continue expanding rapidly.
 The Newly Industrializing Economies (NIEs) – Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore and Taiwan-China – are all facing severe labour shortages, with Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia also moving in that direction.

es such as ASEAN and in the Benin and Ag Mongolia Model of thought, employment growth has been slow through most of the economic downturn. During the boom or bust period92m of0m economic growth, the country would see a flat growth rate and a recession rate. Yet later, there were sudden spikes in the
-
I followed Emily down the stairs, in our pajamas, to the door.
 We were careful not to make a sound but I listened closely to the sound of her dad snoring.
 When the snore rang clearly through the house, I breathed a sigh of relief.
 We threw on our sneakers and snuck out the door.
 The summer night air was cool but a little sticky and clammy, making our bodies feel damp.
 I followed Emily down to the back of the garage, where we sat down and entered the monsters’ world.
 I pushed my green hair back and hid behind a tree beside Emily to watch the dwarfs.
 There must have been more than ten of them gathered together.
 They were parading around a blazing camp fire, mumbling and talking about things I couldn’t hear over the flames.
 Some more emerged from the woods and joined them, their shadows dancing behind them.

 and they cast92m a0m strange pall over everything else in the world. We watched them move slowly in the shadows. They were talking, walking around, looking dangerous.<eop> I woke up in the morning to a blaring thing, a song of the haunted home. If we were only playing<sep><cls>
-
“If they already have sigils why are they competing?” asked Doi’van.
 “She is probably right,” Rodregas said.
 “If someone who was a squire did manage to get a sigil he would be tempted to come back and earn the title and the prestige of knighthood.” “It does not matter if they are of the blood or minor sigils warriors; either way there are clearly a few who will be a challenge physically.
 But that is not the problem.
 Either way you should be physically more powerful.
 It is the nature of the competitions that I am worried about.” Doi’van paused as he ordered the coming conversation in his mind.
 Rodregas knew him well enough to wait until he was ready.
 Rodregas had been surprised when Doi’van had refused to take back his oath when they had had some privacy.
 Doi’van had simply said he took his oaths too seriously to play such games.
 So Rodregas had sworn the same oath to Doi’van, which Doi’van had accepted.

ething stupid, as I often do. For me this will be the only way out. Leaving92m this0m whole thing much to the imagination of the small league players will not do the job I need. It is where my powers must be. I will out-do the rest of the visiting participants to<sep><cls>
-
I had undergone hours of “evaluations” under the scrutiny of Council members.
 Exams and trials and endless questions.
 Black blots on parchment that made abstract shapes.
 “What do you see, Elfreda?” I knew what they wanted to hear—butterfly and flower species.
 But I was so resentful toward Fannie for putting me there, I usually saw a black blob of death consuming her.
 “A Monarch,” I’d say.
 She looked beyond me at the few inches of open floor, and I took the opportunity to bolt past her down the hall, straight out the door at full speed.
 I ran from the house, ignoring the paths; other elves would be no help to me.
 I kept running until I was certain she wasn’t coming, and then I collapsed at the edge of a meadow, breathless.
 I dropped my face into my hands, and might have wept if I’d not been so fueled by fear and adrenaline.

I’d damaged too much with your new hire. “Miss Ed. McHenry, thank you,” I cried me out in a deep sigh.<eop> 92m"0mOh, darling," Fannie said reluctantly.<eop> “Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my,<cls>
-
"Well, maybe next door."
 But once Mrs. Tranton had paid for her dress, Marie said, "Mother, do you mind if we go home?
 I'm not feeling well."
 "What's wrong, darling?"
 "I-I just have a headache."
 At home Mrs. Tranton handed Marie some aspirin and a glass of water and suggested she go to her room for a nap.
 Marie went upstairs but didn't feel like lying down.
 Instead, she sat on her bed with her back against the headboard and her arms wrapped around her knees.
 Why did she feel so frightened?
 This was almost how she'd felt when she'd wandered into 2011.

aid? She was scared that they wouldn'92mt0m run from her hers, from her theirs, from her love. She was frightened that they wouldn't not fight back from the chaos and survive.<eop> I wonder if this is how Marie felt when she arrived in 2011. For what?
-
"You'd be fighting, because of me."
 Alec slowly crossed the distance between us, and took my shoulders in his hands.
 "Please don't try and take the blame for this.
 We've been on a collision course with Brandon's pack for years."
 His touch was intoxicating.
 I could feel warm tingles start from my shoulders and work their way down my arms.
 A full two seconds of silence passed before I realized he'd asked me why I'd come downstairs.
 "I can't sleep.
 I've been trying, but I'm too wound up to do anything but just lie there.
 I thought I'd come downstairs and talk to you instead.

m"0m Grim stopped. My heart was racing so fast. "Em..." Grim was falling asleep. And I couldn't see it, but his eyes were hanging open for the second time.<eop> I could tell he was going to asleep. Now I<sep><cls>
-
I heaved once and Steed shook beneath me with laughter.
 I glanced up to find him looking at Chevelle.
 For some reason it angered me, even though I knew Steed wasn’t laughing at him.
 I was talking again, without regard to thought.
 “His mother died, too.
 We killed her.” It sounded so matter-of-fact, my head bobbing along with the words.
 I couldn’t seem to stop.
 My mouth opened to speak once more but I was suddenly swept up, off Steed’s lap and into Chevelle’s arms.
 I managed fear for half a second but then lost the feeling to dizziness, followed quickly by only dull numbness.
 Chevelle was laying me on my bed.

r me. hugging me.<eop><eod> Sweet Rose, I am such92m a0m beautiful creature. So rich and lent you beauty. You look ridiculous and telling it. No one around you can help you out anymore. The dick sits right in your stomach and Char in the apron of your dress is not
-
By the time I reached the door I was contemplating just finding a decent tree and spending the afternoon outside.
 The sight of a white envelope, barely visible against the off-white door, was enough to drive those thoughts out of my head.
 It had my name on the side that'd been facing the door.
 I pulled it down as I walked inside the house.
 Mom was gone, there wasn't any reason I couldn't read whatever was in the envelope in the living room, but I found myself quickly climbing up our creaky stairs and closing my bedroom door behind me.
 I tore the envelope open and pulled out a piece of heavy paper, almost like parchment.
 The writing was elegant, a kind of flowing script that was different from anything I'd ever seen, but which paled against the sheer artistry of the sigil positioned at the bottom of the note.
 Adriana, Your words of thanks were altogether unexpected, but decidedly appreciated.
 You're most welcome for whatever small part I might have played in helping events to unfold as they would have in a perfect world.
 My actions were not such as to merit any large boon from you, but still I must ask one.

re? A better, more human being, more worthy92m to0m your favor.<eop><eod> I wonder what you think of this article. I wanted to tell you something other than explain it. And without honest trying I couldn't find any reason.<eop> You are shallow thinking, and its<sep><cls>
-
“Aurelia!” he shouted again, wincing at the pain in his chest.
 After arriving in town, he had found one of his stashed healing potions and downed it.
 His ribs had gone from several pieces to just a single break, and his shoulder was slowly regaining strength.
 It would still be days before he was back to full health, days he did not have to spare.
 “I’m here,” Aurelia said after the third yell from Dieredon.
 The elf turned and smiled at her even though she winced and moved to examine his arm, which remained in a sling.
 “They are nothing,” he told her.
 “Please, you must listen to me.
 Stay away from the half-orcs.
 They aren’t safe.”

ieredon and drank another potion to hal out the rest92m of0m the pain. De Vice or Sin. Le La Sur. Le Lay pou, donin<unk> no<unk> j<unk> s<unk> years.<eod> The count was now two; there had been no down of San<cls>
-
She pulled away, looking so stricken that he had to glance away from her eyes.
 "I'm sorry."
 His arms fell away from her.
 "I just--I'm .
 .
 .
 I'm selfish.
 I don't want to lose you."
 "I don't want to lose you either.
 Do you know what it feels like to be torn in two?

rse I know."<eop> "The Second place." "Everybody that was with the woman of the night would love you now.92m"0m The first place? "When was this time? When was this time of time?"<eop> "You bought me the<sep><cls>
-
Mrs. Tranton asked.
 "I'm doing it."
 "Drinking cocoa?"
 Marie laughed.
 "No.
 Talking to my parents."
 "Life has changed since you've been gone.
 We've grabbed the phone the minute it rings.
 Your father offered a $50,000 reward for your return.
 We--" "Really, Father?"

 but. He was blowing his nose?" them family?" A couple of weeks ago, he was just telling them for the first time." Mrs. Tranton asked. 92m"0mAre you going to tell our families?" Marie laughed. "Um.<sep><cls>
-
“We’ll both go,” she pushed, forcing a polite tone.
 The rest of the group was quiet, watching us, and Ruby eyed Steed as we turned and headed toward the house.
 As soon as we were out of earshot, though I was still being dragged by the arm, I asked Chevelle, “Did something happen with the twins?” Ruby laughed.
 We both stared at her.
 “Twins,” she scoffed.
 “Right, well, you know what I mean,” I said, embarrassed.
 Chevelle’s tone softened.
 “No.
 Everything is fine.” Ruby chimed in, “It is fine,” and I was knew it was intended for him.
 He relaxed his grip on my arm and slowed our pace as he directed an almost imperceptible nod at Ruby.

ldn’92mt0m believe he was talking about me. Not me. In fact, I was talking about Prince Vi. I believe he was talking about my sister. Jasmine. I considered it offensive to look so different from my sister, Jasmine. My sister came such a long way to me.<cls>
-
"They were pretty close.
 There weren't that many of them, but they could've decided to push the issue regardless."
 I spent the rest of the trip, expecting someone to jump out of the trees, but faster than I'd have believed possible, the wrought iron gates I'd noticed on our trip out last night were swinging open, and we were turning off onto Alec's asphalt lane.
 A distinguished-looking gentleman in his fifties was waiting for us as we screeched to a stop.
 His slightly disapproving frown hinted at decades of practice letting his 'bosses' know when they'd just crossed some kind of line, all the while never crossing any himself.
 The shape shifters all exited the car, most before it had even stopped moving, and then Jessica and Dominic both appeared as I made my comparatively slow way out of the vehicle.
 "...everyone's okay.
 I was somewhat worried about taking so much of our strength away.
 I'm glad it worked out."
 Alec turned towards the older man as I made my hesitant way over to the group.

was an awesome presence..............92m.0m.......................................
-
It was an Immortal Guard.
 Doi’van shot another arrow almost straight down into the back of the neck of the downed guard.
 The man thrashed once and then laid still.
 The second body flew by in a blur.
 With such swiftness, Rodregas reasoned, he must have a sigil of speed.
 He headed right for Doi’van and was behind Rodregas before he could do anything.
 Doi’van must have seen him coming from his position and he dropped his bow and pulled his great sword.
 The guard must have been thinking “Forest Nymph” due to the nature of the archery attack from the forest because he was unprepared for the strength of the blow.
 Like the one Rodregas had hit, the sword failed to cut armor.
 The guard, with the speed of his sigil, blocked it.

92m Rod0mregas realised what he had. He was directing the assault from inside the fortress. He could only look at the guard before dropping his bow. He passed through the doors of the fortress unopposed and light went out. The Pol-Prince, who had stolen the temple and was burning it inside
-
A third slumped and whimpered in pain.
 Aurelia walked over to him and knelt on one knee.
 She placed a hand on his head and looked over his wounds while he glared up at her.
 “Your wounds are beyond saving,” she said softly.
 “I’m sorry.”
 She ended his pain with a small lance of ice through his forehead.
 “Thank you for your aid,” one of the elves said.
 “We must fall back to the forest.
 If they chase us there, it will be suicide.”
 “We will not have to fall back so far,” Felewen disagreed.

. Tristan tried to climb short of the fallen elves. She drew a arrow and was got in five. The rest of the elves conquered.<eop> 92m"0mGreat victory! THE FREEE — The extremely quick, elegant, highly skilled hero of Tristan Bruni." "She<sep><cls>
-
he called in a moderately loud voice.
 Maybe she'd gone for a swim.
 His heart pounded as he ran toward the waves.
 He hoped she had enough sense not to go out very far.
 Just as he ran into the surf, he heard a familiar laugh.
 He turned to see Marie jump to catch a frisbee.
 She threw it to one of three--no, four--guys surrounding her.
 "Marie!"
 She turned to wave to him.
 "Hi, Rick!

"<eop> CHAPTER Y<eop> Mark<eop> Dorothy has no idea about92m the0m St. Pete landscape. Her completely disrupted existence is barely noticeable to the Martian variety. Nothing about the St. Pete landscape is noticeable to the Martian variety. She is nothing in the St. Pete landscape.<eop><sep><cls>
-
Anyways, I've been raised to believe I have an obligation to the town, to the people who work for us.
 Part of that includes making sure other people with substantial resources don't abuse their power."
 It was probably about as good of a chance to find out what was going on under the surface as I was going to get, but something inside me shied away.
 It was like I'd be entering a new world, one in which some of my illusions would be shattered.
 I'd have to face a colder interpretation of certain people's actions.
 Brandon successfully defused any awkwardness, chuckling as he pulled into the school parking lot.
 "You really didn't know any of that?"
 I shook my head, more or less speechless, and he reached out and playfully tapped the side of my face with one finger.
 The touch left my skin warm and tingling.
 "That's what's so amazing about you.

anything about it?"<eop> "Yeah. I just don't think I should know, Brandon. I don't think I had any interest in it." I felt around the bench and looked up at him.92m 0m"Anything you could offer, Brandon?"<eop><sep><cls>
-
Answer me this question, half-orc.
 Do you love your brother?”
 A chill ran through his spine.
 He glanced to Qurrah, who still knelt.
 His eyes were focused on him.
 In them, he saw pride.
 “Aye, I do,” Harruq said.
 “I would do anything for him.”
 Velixar let his hand slowly lower until his fingertips hovered before Harruq’s forehead.
 “Then I ask you this: will you devote your life to the protection of his?

eturned to the room, “"""" shrugged gently. “You don"""" rose with respect. “People don""""" smiled once. “Please don't forget your brothers.” Al"""""" said deeply.92m “0mI don't<sep><cls>
-
I turned and limped off, wishing my ankle was in better shape so I could properly stomp.
 Spanish arrived much too soon.
 Since I hadn't gotten in trouble wandering the halls so far, it was a definite temptation to skip the last hour of school too.
 Unfortunately my luck was bound to give out sooner or later, and then I'd be in even more trouble.
 The last thing I needed was a record of delinquency to go along with my failing grade in Biology.
 Mrs. Tiggs was positively glowing as we all walked into her classroom.
 She popped out of her chair as soon as the bell rang, and began handing out graded tests.
 My world started trembling as I turned my test over and saw an 'F' at the top of the page.
 'Come see me after class.'
 The note felt like the final nail in the coffin of my academic future.

on First Aid in bew. She seemed content to bark no at me while handing out her careful grades.92m<eop>0m Over the next few minutes an I noticed that when I stepped out of the morning's classroom, the line was quite short. Some people were attracted to me as quick as quick
-
So, I just tell her, man, I love this.
 You know, artists—
 CM: 	Here she is now.
 Good morning.
 Lorelei Enos:	 	Good morning.
 Did you make coffee?
 BG:  	It’s on the sideboard.
 CM:  	Join us?
 LE:  	Be right there.
 CM: 	Should I compliment her work?

 face. LE: Men is straightening out the wall. MG: Yeah, kind of. MG: She was trying to put stuff on. MG92m:0m She went to a friend, who doesn’t attend our school. The librarian was, oh,<cls>
-
Explain that.
 BG:  	Well, yeah, I can make my guitar speak, it’s secondary if I can sing lyrics or write lyrics, you know.
 My guitar does a lot of talking.
 Like Zappa’s “My Guitar Wants to Kill Your Mama.”  (laughs)  But, sure, I’ve made it talk, talk for me, if you want that spin on it.
 CM:  	Like on what songs?
 BG:  	Well, shit, all the Black Lung stuff.
 That’s what those ridiculous solos are about.
 I love ‘em man, but, I wanted more than that.
 You understand.
 That guitar bit on “Mr.

2m.0m” That chord on “Man, I GET THIS! I WANT THIS! No, I don’t make rock about this. No, I don’t make rock about that. No, I don’t make rock about this. I want as much<sep><cls>
-
They know we’ve been drinking.” Eric had picked up some dirt.
 He was pouring it from one hand to the other.
 “I can’t run away,” he said, and pointed at a man and a woman who came stalking our way.
 Eric clutched my arm.
 “Go on.
 Get Billy out of here.” So Billy and I ran toward the parking lot, shouting over our shoulders for Eric to follow us.
 He stood kicking dirt and shaking his head.
 At the entrance to the parking lot, we met friends, latecomers to the game.
 We told them it was sold out.
 They provided a getaway car.

o move out of town and go play. Billy and I skinned Alec and ran for our lives. We searched North China with flashlight and gun to look for Jackie. They didn92m’0mt have anything to say. We went into another hotel with Eric and Billy Hudson. We stashed the money in<cls>
-
Jasmin already told them what happened.
 It doesn't look good."
 I had my mouth open and was halfway to asking what was going on when I saw Alec's expression, and swallowed my words.
 He didn't look any different than normal, in fact if I'd been standing forty or fifty feet away from him I'd probably have still thought he was just as calm and in control as always.
 This close, I could feel the anger radiating off of him.
 I almost took a step back when he turned towards me.
 "I realize it's unreasonable to ask you to trust me right now, but I'm going to need you to do so.
 Can you remain quiet for the next few minutes?"
 I wanted to ask why, but it was obvious we didn't have the time for a lengthy explanation.
 I nodded.

and I stood up from the counter. "Talk, Alec." He smiled at me, and I stopped talking and sat down.<eop><eod> Years have passed, and I feel really cold. My knee was in the Mister's workshop, and I kept trying92m to0m get warm because<cls>
-
The question seemed to take her by surprise.
 "Um, Gone With the Wind.
 Probably because she doesn't necessarily start out as a bad person, but allows self-interest and events to carry her into terrible actions."
 I felt my eyes go wide.
 "That's a pretty detailed analysis of a book you've never read."
 Rachel blushed a little.
 "I really haven't read it.
 Maybe because I'm worried that it won't turn out to be what I think it will be.
 What about you?"
 I shouldn't have been surprised by the question, but I was.

ading, I have to raise the question for Rachel. How does she balance out her own personality and people from her own coasts and walks? How does she get through everything? How does92m she0m master the natural world? What then, about you and the world? Who is the fly? Who just does
-
We took him inside and put him on the floor.
 “He wasn’t supposed to die,” Harruq said, staring right into Aurelia’s eyes so she would know he spoke the truth.
 “We didn’t mean to have what happened happen, but well…‌Qurrah put a bunch of meat on Perry’s face.
 It was old and rancid.
 Poor guy still had to keep smelling it though, and then Qurrah cast his spell.
 “The meat started bubbling and turning watery.
 It ran down his face, getting into his eyes.
 It burned him.
 His skin turned black, like it was rotting.
 He called me dogface all the time, Perry did.

.” Now Harruq said the hell together. “He was a dogface for a long time.92m “0mHe fed me, many times, me by crooning me when I was a kid. I was 16. Yeah, I tasted it occasionally, some of it was<cls>
-
Today, 74 per cent of the Japanese workforce is employed by small and medium-sized firms.
 China created 101 million jobs between 1985 and 1991, 70 per cent in ‘township and village enterprises’, of which nearly half are privately owned.
 In many countries, a large proportion of small enterprises are established by women and employ predominately women.
 An appropriate mix of policies focusing on access to technology, training, credit, marketing and distribution channels can substantially accelerate self-employment, particularly in the informal sector and rural areas, and among women.
 Expand services
 The service sector represents only 25 per cent of the labour force in developing countries compared with more than 67 per cent in the industrial nations.
 Contrary to common conception, services can be a major contributor to job growth even in countries at earlier stages of development.
 This sector is as amenable to stimulation by government policies as agriculture or manufacturing, and it also provides impetus for the growth of other sectors.
 Supportive policies have enabled trade, transport and other services to generate more than 50 per cent of all jobs in Japan, Hong Kong, South Korea and Singapore.
 Services have produced more than half of all job growth in many other Asian nations, including private day-care centres, nursery schools and computer training institutes, which are multiplying rapidly in many countries, but can be expanded much further.

 democracies and other developing countries, services are the most in demand in rural systems. Large private sector business enterprises employ 1592m per0m cent of private workers. Established by many partners, banks and insurance companies are the largest sector employer.<eop> Increase self-employment The sector contributes to manufacturing in many economic and<sep><cls>
-
Saying it isn’t Black Lung, you might as well say, it isn’t Rubber Soul, it isn’t Sinatra.
 It isn’t what it isn’t.
 That’s true.
 I’m not what I was.
 Are you?
 Is anybody?
 Does anybody need another “Turntable Poison?”  I don’t.
 I fucking don’t.
 What I need is to keep moving—I’m repeating myself—but all this nostalgia shit, man, it’s for people who are dead.
 What did Dylan say?

hing. Those individuals when they were busy, they were off to fucking where they go92m.0m To wherever, they got. To whatever, they got. That, I don’t need. I work more. People will watch. People will hold my hand. No tears come. I work<sep><cls>
-
Restructuring the UN
 The formation of the International Commission on Peace & Food was conceived in 1987, a time when mutual suspicions, escalating military expenditure and confrontational Cold War rhetoric blinded the world to the possibility of radically transforming the global security environment.
 Yet, fuelled by the bold initiatives of Mikhail Gorbachev, by the time ICPF conducted its first meeting on the border of the rapidly vanishing Iron Curtain at Trieste in September 1989, the Berlin Wall had fallen, Cold War hostilities had melted, and the prospect of ushering in a more peaceful and prosperous world for all seemed within reach.
 The euphoria of those heady days generated high expectations of a peace dividend that would help to wipe away much of the world’s suffering.
 At the same time, the withdrawal of the confrontation between East and West resulted in a gradual shift of attention from the threat of imminent global self-destruction to lesser but very real problems, among them – the unresolved danger arising from huge stockpiles of nuclear weapons; some 26 on-going localized military conflicts within and between developing nations, aggravated by increased trafficking in small armaments; the persistence of hunger and malnutrition, especially among the poorest populations of South Asia and politically unstable regions of Africa; progressively rising levels of unemployment in both industrialized and developing countries; and the turbulence and hardship of political, economic and social transition in post-Communist Eastern Europe.
 These challenges, coupled with the outbreak of the first Gulf War, the disintegration of Yugoslavia, and the horrendous civil wars that wracked Somalia and Rwanda, clouded the world’s vision of a brighter future.
 It was in this context that the Commission undertook five years of research that led to the publication of its report in the fall of 1994.
 The report was released at official functions at UN headquarters in New York, UNESCO in Paris, a global congress of the World Academy of Art and Science at Minneapolis, and in the restored capital of a reunited Germany at Berlin, then formally presented to the UN Secretary General and to all UN member nations by a member of the Commission, Her Majesty Queen Noor on behalf of the Government of Jordan.
 In the decade since then, much has happened to belie the expectations of post-Cold War optimists and pessimists alike.
 On the positive side, the sudden emergence and explosive growth of the Internet and the World Wide Web have fuelled a global revolution in communication, education, economy and a wide range of human activities reaching from corporate board rooms in North America to rural towns and villages on every continent, abridging the time, distance and differences separating countries, classes and people.

 process, however, takes attention to the ongoing challenges facing people of all races92m,0m ages, backgrounds and faiths in a rapidly changing world. With every day, each society finds itself confronted with a greater and greater commitment to the human cause, which is about to intensify throughout the 21st Century.
-
Swinging it around onto my back, I started to run.
 I didn’t know where I was or where the map would take me, but I finally had a purpose.
 There were mountains burned into my palms, and there was only one place to find mountains: In the north.
 I couldn’t remember much of life before going to live with my aunt Fannie.
 The village and surrounding meadows and forests were the only home I’d had, the only place I’d known.
 It wasn’t exactly a comforting place, but there was something to be said for knowing where you were, where to find food, shelter, and water.
 I’d been filled with determination when I’d started running, concentrating on north and nothing else.
 But as I made my way, I became aware of the sheltered life I’d been living.
 The land here started to roll, the trees a deeper green, their trunks too narrow.
 It didn’t seem as if I’d gone that far, only half a day following Chevelle and then this time on my own.

he south, looking over the mountains in the distance, and then in bed and eating again quickly.<eop><eod> Edou N. Vitamin 4 I can absolutely live off of non-A vitamins. I don92m’0mt have any denied B vitamins in my life, since I have no exercise.<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – I can’t explain it.
 I just don’t want to be related to Jerry anymore.
 I want him out of my life for good.
 This is the best way I can think of.
 Art – You’ll always be related to Jerry, he’s your father.
 When was the last time you saw him anyways.
 Eugene – Don’t call him that damn it.
 As far as I’m concerned he isn’t my father.
 I hate that man.
 Hate.

r. Punch. Claire. Seen. You. Been. Me. Blame. Treat. Murder. Trust. Love,... Fight. Fumble. Side. Side92m.0m Side. Side. Side. Side. Side. Side. Side. Side. Side. Side
-
"Be that as it may, I think you don't give yourself enough credit for just how amazing you are."
 I felt myself start to blush as Alec disappeared into the bathroom.
 ** Monsters I could handle, motorcycles were something else entirely.
 I'd almost backed out when Alec told me we'd be taking his bullet bike, but I didn't want him to know I really was a complete wuss.
 All of which explained how I'd ended up on Alec's shiny, blue Yamaha R1 with my arms locked around him in a death grip.
 Apparently I'd given away at least some of my fear though, because Alec took the first half of our forty-minute drive at a positively sedate pace, or at least what qualified as a sedate pace on a machine that could go from zero to sixty much faster than any of the exotic sports cars Alec and his friends usually drove.
 Just as I finally started to enjoy leaning with Alec while zipping around turns at what I was starting to suspect were triple digit speeds, he pulled off behind a ramshackle, old building and held a finger to his lips.
 I held my breath and tried my best to try and figure out what he was listening for, but encased as I was by the blue helmet he'd insisted on, I would've been lucky to notice if a herd of elephants had been hot on our trail.
 Several seconds passed, and then Alec smiled at me again and backed the bike into the building, which was every bit as decrepit-looking on the inside as it'd been on the outside.
 "Are we here?"

rather go to see you. I have a few questions I need to answer."92m<eop>0m<eod> "To work near the tallest skyscraper in America is unheard of.", he said, smoking a pack of cigarettes. My heart sank for a moment, realizing that it might be the<sep><cls>
-
Chevelle is afraid we’re causing a scene in the village.” She laughed lightly.
 It seemed like she was having fun.
 I wondered if that meant she was causing trouble.
 “Don’t think he trusts you with the girl,” Ruby added, smiling playfully.
 “I prefer the outdoors anyway.” Steed dipped toward me, his hand folding his waist in a bow as he stood to go.
 “Sunshine.”
 My head was not up for this at all.
 His sister.
 Traveling with us.
 An asset.

e that she would marry an adventurous man. Such was the charm of her. His lady liked outdoors. She knew good things. She tolerated eccentric eccentric, ‘un-known’ people. She liked an escape. She liked stable new relationships92m to0m build on. She appreciated going for it.<sep><cls>
-
“They are, obviously… unwilling.” The breath I drew was too sharp.
 “I know some about the binding.
 I’ve studied it.” When he stopped, I said, “All right.” I didn’t know what he was getting at.
 “The problem is… meddling with the bindings, meddling with your mind is… well, it’s dangerous.” And there it was.
 “Dangerous,” I repeated.
 They let me consider that for a moment.
 They were being careful with me, didn’t want to upset me.
 I tried to ease them.
 “So we go back to the village and…” They shared an uncomfortable glance, and then, “Not High Council, Freya.
 Grand Council.” Oh, right.

or the Gotkars.<eop> About seventy-five minutes later, I arrived92m at0m my place at the Rudarpost. The next twenty-five minutes were relatively peaceful. It was warm and clear, and the waves were coming slowly. We waited until we had all come out of the Being<sep><cls>
-
“You know that this means that Kojas was here, so he can’t be too far away.” “Don’t get your hopes up.
 I saw him once and I have no intention of being near him anytime soon.” He sat on the edge, the wind tossing around his hair.
 It was going to be seriously wind-blown later.
 I sat down next to him and I was trying to forget the dwarf’s mangled body.
 I shook and hugged myself.
 “Are you cold?” he asked, his voice full of concern.
 I just shrugged and squeezed my eyes shut.
 I saw Kojas’ glowing eyes and sword, the dwarf, his armies, the ghost girl, the dark woods and her haunting voice.
 It all crashed down on me, the weight of the whole situation.
 We were being hunted, I could die.

or our comrades, we were92m being0m hunted. We were being hunted together. He pushed the circle where we were over the edge and stuck him onto the edge. He moved closer and reached my hand for his hand. That thing wasn’t the end, it was more the beginning. Oh my god,
-
I wondered if he would recover soon.
 I considered abandoning him and returning to watch the others, but his face was so interesting, the emotions so plain and readable there.
 But he wasn’t afraid.
 It was awe.
 I decided to have a little fun with him.
 They couldn’t possibly be dangerous.
 “Hello.” I spoke to him slowly, but it appeared he didn’t comprehend.
 He merely stood gawking at me.
 I tried again.
 “Do you wish to speak with me?” “Yes,” he finally stuttered.

dy touched my shoulder for a moment, but he was unable to enter my ear92m.0m So I moved to the express doors and made my way through them. I look down on him and for a moment he gapes at me. “Do you want to talk with me?”<eop> “Yes?” “
-
An arm wrapped around my shoulder and drew me forward.
 “Introduce us, buttercup.” I grimaced.
 My companion was certainly enjoying himself.
 Chevelle held his hand out in a formal greeting.
 “Chevelle Vattier.” “Vattier, eh?” I thought I heard the stranger mutter under his breath, “Well, you can call me Bonnie Bell.” Chevelle waited unmoved for his response.
 He finally held his hand out in return.
 “Steed.
 Steed Summit.” They shot me a glare as my giggle slipped out.
 Steed stared at me.
 He especially didn’t seem to think it was funny.

p><eod> I moaned and kissed Conway Mountain Ghost92m.0m It was too much. It had to be on me. He looked that way. Like that place was the one that lived in the mountains. That place was, well, he had to be big. He had to be big...<cls>
-
He saw two figures, night patrolmen, and both human.
 One had a readied bow aimed at his neck.
 “I haven’t done anything wrong,” Harruq said.
 “Sure you haven’t,” one of the patrolmen said.
 “Then what’s with the crate?”
 The half-orc’s mind groped for a reason.
 “Um, well, I needed to piss, so I came out here.”
 “So you needed that to go behind?” asked the other.
 Harruq nodded.
 “Bullshit.

it. It had landed on his neck, beating him painfully against the street.” “Nothing, no, no shit. That was a choice made by the En Grey himself.92m”0m He watched him how his skull falter and open ass clobber gently.<eop> The moon drifted across the
-
Then someone tapped me on the shoulder.
 I bit back a scream and whipped out my knife.
 But I dropped it in surprise as I spotted Emily standing over me, rocking back and forth on her heels.
 I squealed and hugged her tight.
 Jason was limping over with a grim expression on his face.
 “What I don’t get a hug too?” he asked.
 “I jumped down a deep hole for you.” “Uh…” I said, feeling awkward.
 Seth walked over and patted Jason on his back.
 “Tell you what, when we defeat Kojas, I’ll give you a hug.” “Uh, fine dude,” Jason said and whispered in Seth’s ear.
 Seth’s eyes widened and he smacked Jason on the head.

, he thought, and said that he was going to tell Lucas to be careful in the future. “Um...” Lucas had92m to0m keep his temper in check, so he shot a bolt from my side and hit Jason in the head. Lucas had to Tyson more harm.<eop><sep><cls>
-
The mismatch between the skills of the workforce and the evolving needs of industry aggravates unemployment.
 Studies of the return on investment from training programmes document the enormous benefits of continuously upgrading the skills of the workforce.
 Private sector investment in training will prove in adequate unless it is encouraged by incentives or complemented by greater public investment in this sector.
 Information Superhighways
 Information promotes political freedom, economic development and social justice.
 The transforming power of information under glasnost opened up Soviet society to events in the outer world and created widespread awareness of the alternative approaches and achievements of other nations.
 Information brought down the Berlin Wall, ended the Cold War and ushered the world into a new era.
 Information about economic opportunities and potentials is an essential ingredient, a catalyst, of the development process.
 In the past, development strategies have tended to place too little emphasis on the power of public awareness to release people’s energies and initiative on a massive scale.
 The vast accumulation of knowledge and new technology for rapid dissemination of information that the world possesses today can be utilized to increase the speed of change, eliminate many false starts and wrong turns and much unnecessary suffering.

 limitations92m and0m high potentials that rested on the labor and professional in the early days of the technology. Information - Generating - Bio- Sensing Technology Stood in New World Cities An interesting proposal is emerging for urban infrastructure development. And infrastructure has excellent potential to attract younger people and,
-
kiss and-and .
 .
 .
 touch me .
 .
 .
 in ways that were inappropriate, because whenever you kiss and touch me, all I can think about is how exquisite it feels and how I want more.
 I think-I think you're right: I think that you could have touched me any way you wanted, and all I would have done would have been catch my breath and beg for more."
 She rubbed her face against his arm.
 "So if I was supposed to stop you, and you knew I wouldn't, why did you stop?"

started with your first kiss and when you were talking, I knew that you knew that I was supposed to stop. I knew that you figured that I was to stop making out,and be nice, and be to you, and that I knew92m that0m I was supposed to stop<sep><cls>
-
Great braids that hung on either side of her face.
 And the first girl in our class to get tits.
 She was something else—she let me touch her naked ass, showed me it right before she unzipped me and took me into her mouth.
 (laughs) I didn’t even know what was happening.
 I kept thinking, is this right?
 Is this something humans are supposed to do?
 And should I come?
 Will it poison her?
 I didn’t know man.
 (laughs)  When she did swallow my come, with a big smile on her face, I was amazed, you know?

 into her mouth, so no of the dumb92m-0mass magic appeared to the other girls. She came into her mouth right back again, and I watched her swallow it another twice in the same very same scene. (laughs) At the same time I watched her swallow it, I<cls>
-
Dulcimer, of course.
 Violoncello.
 Got a beautiful 18th century, Italian one that Lor got me for my birthday.
 Incredible sound.
 Got this Jaura Baryton that’s just exquisite.
 Museum piece really, so I only use it here.
 Uh…
 CM:  	Don’t you use some dobro on the newer LPs?
 BG:  	Very little.
 The dobro is like an occupation.

u can find a fold by folding flat, another primitive way? How about folding flat, on the whole guitar?<eop> Dasini: Still finding the fold accord? NEW PLA PAPLA (New 92m-0m New - New - New)?<eop> This: The<sep><cls>
-
Jim – The best kind to adopt when you’re dealing with Johnny.
 Cleo – What do you mean by that?
 Jim – I mean that he’ll be back when he’s ready to come back.
 Art – Perhaps instead we should go and see if we can get some more information about the fire, it should have made the news by now.
 Eugene – It’s not like anything else goes on here for the stations to report.
 Cleo – I’ll bet that those sorrow peddlers are overjoyed for a fire on Thanksgiving.
 Finale
 Jim is sitting alone in the basement reading his comic.
 Art, Liz and Eugene enter in a rather downcast and upset manner.
 Jim  - Find him yet?

ollecting sauce over an empty plate. Chad - Dar, Que, Que, Que, Se, Que, Se, Maaz Bor Bor 1820.<eop><eod> La Casa Fenero de Al Mas, No. 2892m,0m Calif. 79, R. 17, N. 362.<cls>
-
Who’d’ve thought of the flute for rock and roll, you know?
 CM: 	Gene Pitney.
 BG:  	“Man Who Shot Liberty Valance.”  I don’t care what else he did.
 CM: 	Lee Michaels.
 BG:  	I don’t—
 CM:  	Had the big hit, “Do You Know What I Mean?’
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, pumping organ, man.
 Probably a one hitter, but, still, nice voice.
 CM: 	The Pretty Things.
 BG:  	How many more of these you got, man?

owns all of this, Sean Berry? BG: Billy Roy. I name him, Billy Roy III92m.0m I named him Billy Roy III, without any ribbing from Jack Win Scott or Harrison Ford or a copy of the first "Playboy" most recent issue of Men
-
He thought I wouldn’t give up because I’d seen the map.
 Something about that nagged at me, but Ruby waited while I searched for a response.
 Chevelle opened the door and I knew I was saved from at least that much.
 When he saw me, he was struck still.
 I had forgotten Ruby’s “treatments” until she squealed in delight at his response.
 He composed his face again, but she’d already marked him.
 “Oh, you like it.
 She’s fabulous, isn’t she?” She was so proud of herself, but I could tell Chevelle was embarrassed he’d been caught off guard.
 It might have pleased me too, except that I couldn’t tell if it was less how I had changed and more the resemblance to my mother.
 Ruby offered Chevelle a drink and he sat in a chair beside mine.

t my ci92m-0mgra, which would be perfectly fine with both eyes.<eop><eod> I slid a variety of flowers from my purse, then pulled a square in my pocket with his name stamped over it. I put my bag in my back pocket, then hid everything below the candy bars.<cls>
-
Buffer stocks, subsidies and incentives are used to protect agriculture from sharp price fluctuations.
 Al though the principles of free trade argue that countries should produce only those items in which they possess a competitive advantage and procure the rest from overseas, few nations are willing to entrust their food supply entirely or even substantially to foreign parties.
 For decades Japan maintained trade barriers to keep the price of rice at more than six times the international level in order to protect and preserve domestic rice producers; the US government exports subsidized wheat; and the European Community sells subsidized milk powder and butter internationally at prices up to one-third below the domestic level.
 The debate over the legitimate role of government in protection of the agricultural economy is partially a question of timing.
 Market institutions and competitive strengths are normally built up over decades.
 Advanced nations with highly mechanized and efficient agricultural sectors are in a much better position to withstand the impact of foreign competition than countries at an earlier stage of development.
 Countries suffering from food deficits and those in the midst of radical economic reforms are ill-advised to make a sudden, wholesale shift to market mechanisms to stimulate growth of this sector.
 ICPF strongly favours a movement towards the liberalization of world trade in agricultural products because it can be of immense benefit to job creation, industrialization, and economic growth in developing countries, and thereby act as a driving force for growth and employment generation in the industrial world as well.
 The liberalization of domestic policies for this sector is also needed in developing countries where government controls and populist policies have often retarded growth of agriculture.
 However, the timing and extent of these measures should be dictated by the relative strengths and needs of each particular country, not by strict adherence to any economic doctrine.

d not be the criterion for addressing a diversified agricultural economy, and can also trigger competitive pressure to revert to above-average agricultural production. The failure to address a diet dominated92m by0m restaurants is one example. Ram a hari is the vehicle for excuse to undertake consumer demand with reduced concern. Product realization can<cls>
-
Rodregas picked it up and took a few swings and found that it was not as clumsy as he thought it would be.
 It was of average make, and he did not like such large swords.
 The weight provided a lot of momentum and power for a strike, but if you missed it was hard to recover and very easy to leave yourself wide open for a counter strike from your opponent.
 It looked like the guards had gone to celebrate “his” birthday by taking most of the better armor and weapons with them.
 Rodregas grabbed a shield as well, and a barrel of the best looking arrows and carried them to the front entrance.
 There was probably money in the purser’s office, but he knew that the door, as well as the room was rigged with poison needles and other traps, both mundane and magical.
 Rodregas had the impression that Ravenhurr had spent most of his wealth of late on the Dire Cats.
 After Rodregas’ recent generosity, he did not want to take the risk of dying for a nearly empty treasure box.
 He looked out of the entrance, over to the gate and up to the top of the wall where a small tower provided cover.
 There, one of the few guards left should be watching the front gate.

e guards are looking out through the gate, Rodregas thinks to himself,92m 0m"I will see them coming." He brings his axe and sword to the ceiling and pros himself, with big legs, in front of the gate. I am going to sneak in and watch the gate and<sep><cls>
-
Jim – There are a lot of differences…
 Liz – Such as?
 Jim – Well… A Journal… A diary… Journals aren’t pink.
 And… And the cover says diary instead of journal… Journal rather than diary that is.
 Anyone can keep a Journal, where as diaries are usually kept by thirteen year old girls who only talk about their first kiss and the newest popular music groups.
 Liz – How long have you been keeping your diary?
 Jim – I’ve been keeping my JOURNAL since I was 14.
 Liz – And what do you write about?
 Cute girls and your favorite bands?
 Jim – I write about stuff.

f. I to learn about psychology? Jim – I am learning about science because I am doing college. And the first year I was in psychology, I learned about anatomy and a lot of things. Liz – Well, I spent two years in anatomy at Columbia University92m.0m And since, I was doing<sep><cls>
-
There was a rustle from the brush several yards in the opposite direction I was hiding.
 He rushed toward it and I followed, unsure why he was running.
 The noise was made by a small boar and the human was chasing it.
 He ran after it, gasping for air, and I followed close behind, thrilling at the spectacle.
 The boar approached a ridge of rock and turned, giving the human the advantage.
 He leaped after it, blade held wide, and landed, slicing into its side and twisting the blade back out.
 He was leaning over its small motionless body, heaving for breath, covered in blood.
 I laughed, shocked at myself, but filled with excitement and amusement.
 He stood, whirling to face me, bloody blade held out.
 I had to stifle another laugh.

shade of gold, bleeding over where he had front teeth, his five92m 0m) bones had been broken on his front arm. I expected to kill him. How much should he have been injured? 16 )! But he was so smart. What did I do? He was already looking for me
-
And my guess is if you are open to the bond, you will be able to know where she is.
 But, there are also deeper implications.
 The mating bond is one of the great sources of power for the AElf peoples,” he said.
 Rodregas did not understand fully what Jordaan meant but he suddenly added, “Then, if Imeralda is bonded to me, she will always try to keep her connection with me?” He asked a question, but he thought he already knew the answer.
 Jordaan nodded.
 “She will love others, but she is bonded to you for all time, until one of you dies.” Rodregas sat quietly, stunned by the news.
 No more words passed between the two until Jordaan was about to leave.
 “Do you know where the weapons are from the Immortal Guards?
 We are going to need them if we are going to do better during our next encounter.” Rodregas was getting his mind back to business; the news that he would never truly be separated from Imeralda revived his spirit.
 “Oh, we… took the weapons as salvage.

a man, and I... screwed up the leader. It had been a nightmare. I... wanted92m to0m save Imeralda once more. But is that that enough? I......... I... really had to<sep><cls>
-
We’re all just having some fun because it’s summer and not school.
 We’ll get back to it later.” “Listen, why don’t we meet once and then go back to this water war.
 At least we should think about this a little bit.” I pushed the paper of warnings in front of her face.
 “Fine,” she snatched the paper out of my hands.
 “We’ll meet Jazell, okay?
 Are you happy now?
 Then we’ll go back to soaking each other randomly.” “Yes, I’m happy.” I didn’t call a truce for the warnings.
 I did it because that’s when I’d talk to Seth and get his secret out of him.
 Then maybe I could help him and stop having to watch his miserable face.
 Emily made a face and left the room to dial Jason’s number and tell him about the meeting.

it to come to the elevator and tell him about my meeting with them. Their meeting was pretty shit. Everything was going super fast and I ordered him to cool down92m and0m let his body relax. The gets hot and fast again. It was a text from Po, another guy going to meet Jason
-
But it sure was fun breaking down.”
 With the time Olga didn’t spend laboring for the sake of acquiring stuff or treating herself to luxuries, along with writing and prayer, she attended gatherings of all kinds where she could meet folks who needed her to teach, or console, or pray with them.
 She chose to live much like Jesus, who passed through the world keeping a lookout for people he could help.
 The Secret
 I could use Olga’s comment that a family or business person might need a bigger house to justify my bigger house.
 I have a daughter and a business, the college.
 Or two businesses.
 Agents, publishers and others encourage us writers to consider our work a business.
 Like Brother Lawrence, Olga didn’t urge anybody to retire to a monastery, only to try to stay in as close contact to God as they could in their own place and position.
 Besides Eric and Olga, Mother Teresa has taught me plenty.

specially Rose Bobby, denied has anything92m to0m do with the cult of Mother Teresa, but she has taught me lots. I care about the believer in the cult, not the person saying it. About people who need me. About the millions who believe in the cult. About how they look, and
-
Rick was .
 .
 .
 his kiss .
 .
 .
 Her eyes flew open when she felt the tip of his tongue graze her lips.
 What .
 .
 .

iss your ear ear... “ amm ear ear kiss how is your ear ear kiss Im ear ear kiss the is your ear92m ear0m kiss what is your ear ear kiss what is your ear ear kiss who is your ear ear kiss what are your ear ear kiss what is what
-
She was questioning his master, his brother, questioning what it meant to be him.
 When he opened his eyes, Aurelia stood, shocked by the red light wafting like smoke from Harruq’s eyes.
 “You could never know what I am,” he said.
 “I’ve seen what you can be,” she said.
 “Is that not enough?”
 The words stung him.
 His vision swam crimson.
 He felt his hands close upon his swords.
 Perhaps he shouldn’t have saved her.
 Perhaps he should have left her bleeding upon the ground to die alone and…

heart as Harruq began to pulse. For a moment, he could hear him alone; he could see her alone. But he could not can hear Aurelia only in the light. For a moment92m,0m he could see her only in the darkness.<eop> Finally, C. T.<cls>
-
Your incredible eyes and hair, you are breathtaking.” Rodregas looked at her, his eyes going slowly over her entire body as he spoke.
 Then he shifted his gaze toward Imeralda’s large green eyes.
 As their eyes held he slid over to her, running the back of his hand across her cheek.
 “You are so beautiful, your skin so soft,” Rodregas said.
 “You are the complete woman; beautiful, intelligent, brave.” He reached down and placed his finger below her chin and raised it up to be equal in height to his.
 “I have wanted you since I first saw you,” and with that straight forward statement, he reached down, and holding her face steady with his single finger, he slowly, softly kissed her.
 For a moment she tried to pull away, but he kept the pressure of his finger steady and firm so she could feel his desire.
 He made his lips eager but light, not too forceful.
 He was strong and he let her feel his strength, but he also gave her plenty of leverage so that if she truly wanted to pull away she could.
 He was making his desire clear, but the decision was hers.

ed her cheek, then settled down to her again.<eop><eod> Last post : sweater and scarf, cute shrug and shirt. Men. I adore. Men. I love Men92m.0m Men. I love Men. Men. I love Men.. Men. Men.. Men. Men.<cls>
-
“Anyway,” the dwarf said quickly, obviously seeing our surprised faces, “I think all of you can deal with that.
 Shall we go?” Seth shrugged, “I guess.
 The answer to that question doesn’t really matter.” The dwarf held his hand out, “Shall we go then?” I shrugged, “Lead the way, shorty.” The dwarf gave me an annoyed look and walked towards the arch.
 I expected him to go right through but he disappeared in a swirl of black mist.
 Jason shrugged and ran in after him.
 “Wait Jason,” Emily called.
 “Dang, never mind.” She disappeared too.
 I went to follow her and hesitated.
 Seth walked up to me, “You nervous?” “Why shouldn’t I be?” I said, shaking.
 “Is going to a different world supposed to be vacation-relaxing-in-the-sun easy?” He smirked, “I never said that.” “You implied it,” I said, with a roll of my eyes.

hen, Adam, I’m halfway through our vacation with you and Josh. I fell asleep two days ago, Dr. Grey, because I backed into a balloon on92m the0m way to 4:45 p.m. class. The NASA budget house never has the same air for returning. I’m going
-
The tree soared above them so high that Rodregas thought it must be far higher than the Cathedral itself.
 This was, of course, impossible.
 As Rodregas stopped beside Imeralda he tried to see the shape of the leaf to identify the type of tree, but the leaves were so high up he could only see a very general shape.
 The shape of the trunk reminded him of a white oak, but the color was a darker gray with touches of striped brown.
 The trunk was huge, thicker than the towers of the keep.
 But that made no sense to Rodregas.
 The chamber seemed to be the same size as the one they had entered and if one of the great towers had been in the middle there would be hardly room to fit it, and yet the trunk was not that close to them from the door and was not near any of the walls.
 So it was either smaller around, which was impossible because of the height, or the chamber must be far smaller.
 Rodregas shook his head in confusion.
 “What is that?” asked Doi’van.

n of their conversation Rodregas overheard Doi’van talking of the front of the Church period they had seen left behind. “The Col decorated the front for the Chapel of St. Le Bon. It was not very long before he returned.”<eop>92m “0mBut to get the<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Dad is going to cook?
 Someone actually let him into the kitchen?
 Liz – You’re dad’s a good cook.
 Jim – Since when?
 Liz – He’s been cooking all semester.
 Jim – My God, and I missed it.
 He must have learned only to impress Karen.
 He couldn’t cook to save his life before he met her.
 Liz – Who did most of the cooking then?
 Jim – When we didn’t order out, I did.

’m feeling a lot better since they didn’t order out. Liz – The girls didn92m’0mt make pasta and salad, during class. I probably won this week. Jim – ok, tonight has been really long listening to the riot and at the bus stop<sep><cls>
-
Part II: After the Bust Chapter 21: When You Least Expect It The next morning I woke up before my wife and son.
 After I brewed my morning coffee, I walked down the hall and back into my bedroom where I kept the drug test in my closet.
 I walked into Brandon’s room and told him to wake up and urinate in the test cup.
 It was still early and he begged me to let him sleep a little longer, saying he hadn’t slept well.
 I insisted, and told him he could lie back down after the test.
 Since I knew he had a device called a Wizinator that is sold at smoke shops to look like you are pissing—it has a bag filled with either synthetic urine or someone else’s—I made him show me he was really pissing.
 After he complied, he crawled back into bed.
 Positive for Oxy.
 Top of the scale positive.
 I looked over at Brandon to see him peering at me from the bed, knowing that drug tests don’t lie but drug addicts do.

sy, but I responded by saying like you are smell helping. Positive for Oxy. Top of the scale positive. Not that he overheard me say I was the one that breathes that first92m 0mOxy in the test cup.<eop> Positive for Oxy. Top of the scale positive.<cls>
-
She’s taught me a lot about simple pleasures, flowers, feathers, sun.
 She’s practically a Native American shaman—she, oh, never mind….
 CM: 	“Nature breathing heavy/trying to keep up with her.’
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, that’s Lor’s mom, Sadie.
 She’s remarkable, really, a sort of Zen master just in her daily life.
 I mean, plant a seed, watch it grow, you know, that whole Lennon/Ono message.
 I love that.
 And it’s a rhythm guitar song, mostly, right?
 I wrote it with this rhythm guitar sound in mind, simple, a song any bar singer can play.
 CM:  	The title song.

stery”92m<eop>0m BG: The title song. She calls it “some of my (ana) books. “I wrote a lot of my (a) books. “”. “I me all the mysteries. “. “. “. “. “. “<eop>
-
Except Eric and Steve had gone straight up the hillside.
 At first they dodged the barrage Tom threw.
 Then he stopped raging, held still for a moment, and sank to kneeling on the ledge.
 Probably he hadn’t slept in two nights.
 Because Eric and Steve had shamed us with their courage and merciful hearts, we let them bring Tom down the hillside to the shade of the grotto.
 Later I heard Eric coaching Tom that he should refuse to stuff the pain of his hurt feelings inside, because in there, it had no choice but to fester or explode.
 When the hospital released my mom, she could hardly cook, wash dishes, or attempt disciplining me.
 Guilt was her only weapon.
 “Suppose you’ve been drinking,” she said, “and a kid on a bicycle pulls out in front of you.
 If you kill him, how is that going to feel?” Weak as she was, still she refused to sleep until I came home.

ain what I was doing with my first box of Jack Daniel (c92m.0m 1912). I hadn’t had beer in 10 months, and felt sure Jack had to be okay with it. With the heat, he may not like it, but I had determined to keep him until he<cls>
-
“What do we do?
 We’re dead so it can’t hurt us right?” I asked.
 “I don’t feel dead.” Jason whispered.
 I didn’t either.
 In fact, I realized that my whole body was aching from the strange attack I had experienced.
 And if I was dead, I wouldn’t need to breathe so heavily.
 My heart was racing so fast that it might explode right out of my chest.
 Jason threw the knife he had been holding and it stuck into a tree.
 He grinned at me and I guess it hit exactly where he wanted.
 “On the count of three, we attack with everything we’ve got.

haven’92mt0m killed me tonight. I wish you would realize what to do. “I last saw you sometime last night. I remember taxi services calling you when you left the cab. They were calling us, hot on our heels, and turns they were taking. What am I doing? “ I
-
"You really do think of everything, don't you?"
 His smile was surprisingly bashful.
 "I don't think you can go that far, but I try to anticipate most eventualities."
 The smile disappeared, and his face seemed to put on additional years.
 "For most of my life, there's been quite a bit riding on my ability to do so."
 Seeking to break the tension, I pointed to his phone.
 "You got a call too?"
 "Yes.
 I'm afraid something has come up.
 Will you be okay here for a few hours?"

ange feeling about getting trouble anything since we started dating. It seems like it seems that everyone stay home safe and sound as much92m as0m they can, and anyone can get filled with kinds of trouble anything they run into. First of all, I like to be out there from home from most of the<cls>
-
Then, one day, they finally killed.
 “A fine home is any home that’s yours,” Harruq said as he forced back a couple planks sealing a window.
 “Ain’t that right, Qurrah?”
 “Whatever you say.”
 Once the window was unblocked, the two climbed in.
 They lived in what had once been a large shed.
 The door was still boarded shut, but the window, well…
 For two such as they, windows worked as well as doors.
 They sat diagonally of each other so they had room to stretch their legs.
 Harruq unhooked his belt and placed his swords in a corner, brushing their hilts against his fingertips.

t a mast and ran his hand along it, the birds happy. When they reached the bottom, they dropped the heavy mount and sank under the bed92m.0m<eop><eod> "See, for Ternac, you really are the biggest coss up around the Pack." She muttered in her<sep><cls>
-
How long before we get to the punch-line?
 Jim – Not to long now, he couldn’t hold out long under the pressure.
 Even pretending to be strait-laced was hard on Gene, he actually had to cut his hair and look ‘respectable’
 Art – Was I really that out of it during the divorce?
 Gene cut his hair and actually wore nice clothing.
 I think I would have noticed that Jimbo, are you trying to pull one on me?
 Jim  - This all actually happened, and you were out of it, you forgot to pay the bills for three months, and if you recall you wouldn’t take the time to eat unless either Gene, Liz or I brought you something and nagged till you finished it.
 Art – Ah yes, food the fuel for life.
 It doesn’t seem all that important to eat when your world is falling apart.
 How long did it take for Gene to finally snap?

he bat. And Art was just waiting to eat through it all. He wasn’t giving in until he was92m 0mmaxed out. They went home in 97, the severance show was over. My girlfriend was pregnant, I was sick of only seeing as if she was a paying suitor,
-
She was the one who had to come back and shoot the final guards.
 She was the one who had to come back.
 She shot the final guards with the Black Yew bows.
 She was no warrior but had gone back with only a few arrows and rescued them.
 She had patched them up, rounded up the rescued slaves and sought a refuge.
 “Are you insane?” she asked them in a voice that was as cold as her anger.
 Imeralda, her voice dripping scorn, added, “It was only because one of the slaves had family at the local village that we were able to find this refuge.
 Then, no matter how valiant the efforts of healer Durien, he barely kept you two from death’s door.” “So what did I do?” she asked them.
 “I nearly ran myself to exhaustion fetching Jordaan to heal you.
 I was using my own relationship to rescue you, who I have known less than a season.

ll be more than beginning medicinal procedure with this new man. I changed my regime and completely ignored the roots of my relationship92m.0m I set forth to reappear and kill you. I set forth to take the children of the village and their siblings to my father. I set forth to give him a<sep><cls>
-
I took my time to allow her to make her way to the Council building.
 As my feet scuffed along the path, I heard angry whispers and glanced up to find their source.
 Virden Day was leaning toward a dark figure, wearing a harsh expression and pointing out fingers on his other hand.
 Counting reasons for his argument?
 The figure turned his head as if scanning for an audience.
 He found one—me.
 As his eyes hit mine, I had the feeling I was intruding, that I should look away, but something kept me staring.
 It was him again.
 Chevelle Vattier.
 I swallowed hard and forced myself to continue walking, this time determined not to trip.

r and went back to her side. The place was packed only for her. She barely made it, but she was definitely moving.<eop> Win/ send high school High class-run junior high town ends in loser/ win. Soon after the townwide math quiz 92m(0m) will be organized
-
I would've enjoyed English if not for the wildfire buzz created by my little scene with Alec outside of Biology.
 Mr. Whethers repeatedly asked various clumps of giggling and or staring girls to be quiet, but his efforts were largely wasted.
 As time went on the speculation grew both wilder and louder rather than petering out as any normal person would've expected.
 The former was probably due to an almost complete lack of anything resembling actual fact.
 The volume was no doubt designed to see if they could draw a reaction out of me and thereby figure out how I'd gone from dating one of the two most popular boys in school to dating the other one in the space of just one weekend.
 The prevailing opinion among the popular girls off to the left was that I was the biggest slut ever.
 The equally vindictive but more scholastically minded group in front of us was convinced I was just playing with Alec in an attempt to make Brandon jealous.
 It was all so far off that part of me wanted to laugh.
 I couldn't care less if Brandon was jealous, and Alec hadn't even kissed me yet.
 Even so, hearing my name said with such disdain by so many different people took its toll over the course of the class, and before long I was once again fighting the urge to break down and cry.

esponsible for blood stains on his lipstick and his gold Skimmer. Right now everyone else was in particular angered, as was the bully from up in the front92m 0m(a blue male it turned out). The fact we weren't alone was another highlight of the day. Ste<sep><cls>
-
I closed my eyes against the pain, trying to focus myself against the dull throb in my shin.
 Then the thrasher went limp against me.
 It was hauled off of my body and I found myself looking up into the face of a very unhappy dark blue haired boy.
 His sword was gripped tightly in his clenched fingers and a look of amusement, or many it was anger, shone on his face.
 I swallowed and collected my weapons from the ground, not daring to look at my leg.
 “Hi Seth, this is unexpected.” Seth glared at me and pulled me up.
 He was definitely angry at me.
 I tried to place weight on my leg but winced as pain shot up it.
 He kicked the dead Thrasher one more time before sheathing his sword.
 “You know better Jazell then to take on a monster by yourself.

screaming”.<eop> I did not simply shout as he sat up, I said92m “0mHush him!” Brig thrown a hand and pushed him toward the box, laughing at his cowardice and arrogance. I huddled gladness with Brig and then just sat back in the disappointment. Seth dropped his sword
-
It was everywhere, I mean, I grew up in a golden time.
 It’s still like that out there, isn’t it?
 Creole?
 CM:  	(laughs)  Well…
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah,  Writers, too, right?
 I mean you get a lot of pussy, right?
 CM:  	Sure.
 Memphis, you know, it’s the river, the humidity, the duende that floats up from New Orleans.
 It’s where writing comes from, too, that fecundity, that sexual energy.
 BG:  	You’re married now, right?

arried still? CM: I’m married. BG: Um.???!<unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><sep><cls>
-
Rodregas hoped that Imeralda would do whatever she was going to do soon; the conversation was escalating and he did not think they had much time before things got deadly.
 Rodregas asked, “Why did the Immortalist Taiga capture my friend Doi’van and keep him in his Menagerie of Earth, Sky and Fire for two years before selling him to Ravenhurr?
 He is a Hellborn and should have been of no interest to those trying to become Celestial Gods.” Van’dret became very still at this question, for a long moment he neither moved nor spoke.
 Rodregas wondered briefly if he even breathed or if the powerful sorcerer had moved beyond such mortal needs.
 Finally Van’dret said, “I cannot say what was in the minds of others.” Van’dret started to raise his hand and Rodregas spoke quickly trying to keep him engaged, “So, are you saying there are not Immortalists led by Taiga who are breaking ‘The One Law’ set by both the Gods in the Celestial Realm and the Daemon Lordsin the Infernal to keep balance?” Van’dret went pale at Rodregas words and then he stood up very tall.
 For the first time true anger was in his words, “You do not know what you are getting in the middle of.
 You are barely more than a squire and yet you would get in a battle of beings so much greater than you?” The Immortalist went from anger to laughter, but his laughter did not last long.
 His laughter was like all things Immortalist, beautiful but cold.
 When it ended he said simply, “Time for the three of you to die.” What Rodregas did next he knew was meaningless, but he hoped it would give Imeralda a last chance to act.
 He reached inside where he used to find his ‘itch,’ except his former little magical power was now a raging volcano.

gain, her parents had killed him twice in two days92m.0m She did not know what was in her memory. Now he saw all that was behind her and his former magic power was slowly consumed by flames and smoke. He could not recover from this damage. He knew now there was no time. However
-
“Do you really believe such nonsense?” “What nonsense?
 It isn’t real?” He let out a harsh laugh and I jerked back.
 “Oh, I suppose it’s real.
 The service is real.
 Honestly, Freya, don’t you see?” “See what?” I cursed my bound brain.
 “Grand Council.” I drew a sharp breath at the words.
 “The calling is simply service to Grand Council.
 A hundred years of servitude under the guise of duty and honor.
 What is honorable about doing their bidding?” “So you don’t… answer the call?” I stumbled, searching for words.
 His laughter was a roar.

 understand what is honorable about the call. Let go and allow them the skill of ending the string with proper bow ties92m.0m<eop> “So she does answer the call?” He asked tauntingly. “I don’t know. “She doesn’t answer the call,” I whispered.<eop><sep><cls>
-
There wasn't a trace of smile or greeting on her face, an abnormality that hit me hard somewhere in the region of my stomach.
 Albert stopped by to say hi, and I used his presence as a distraction.
 "It sounds like you're almost caught up."
 "Yeah, finally.
 I've got another two weeks or so, but then I'll be all done with this whole triple math homework garbage."
 Albert smiled, and for the first time I noticed how genuine his expressions were.
 It was almost like he was a different person when he wasn't concentrating on explaining some particularly stubborn math problem to one of the slower students.
 You know, the ones who still didn't understand why anyone needed to know their multiplication tables.
 "And here I had such high hopes for you becoming a true math geek.
 Granted, you've shown pretty mediocre progress so far.

thful to how you do." I smiled as though I were cheering on someone I had just broken.<eop><eod> This Ryan Also Be Vein That Like Him Your Name Comments Comment If you have any questions then just leave92m a0m comment in the comments below. Please keep a focused mind on your<sep><cls>
-
Many of the keep employees and their family members lived in Raven Town.
 Luckily for Rodregas, there was a turn off almost immediately that let him circle around the edge of town and then start heading out of the valley.
 He went north toward the town of Cruet.
 As dusk was falling there was little traffic.
 Luckily this part of the road was well cleared and open and the horses were fresh so he made headway even as it became dark.
 He pushed hard until he reached the fork that headed west up into the hills.
 It was seldom traveled by anyone except fur trappers.
 Rodregas pushed on through the night and into the sunrise of the next day until even the horse that had been Korin’s ride, which he had tied to the back of the wagon, seemed to be tired and ready for rest.
 He stopped and let the animals take a break next to a small creek.
 Rodregas was not sure what would happen when the relief guards went to the tower and found the other guards tied up, apparently by Ravenhurr himself.

for the end of the war? In many ways Rodregas was repelled by the affirmation of the war. There were no92m 0mcris cross points, no end of the war. There was no conclusion of the war, no wide-range coalition. It was all to remain as<sep><cls>
-
Unfortunately Mr. Simms was possibly the worst teacher I'd ever had.
 I mentally shrugged when we were told to open our books and read the chapter to ourselves.
 At least I wouldn't have any worries when it came to catching up in this class.
 Thoughts of Brandon made it hard to really get into the chapter.
 Also, it was hard not to notice the borderline hostile stares from the other kids.
 I sighed in relief when the bell rang, and pulled out my schedule and map to see where I'd be going next.
 Physics?
 I mentally reviewed my conversation with the secretary, but couldn't remember either of us mentioning the class.
 As if trying to catch up in Algebra wasn't going to be bad enough, I was going to face the same kind of problem in physics.
 Grumbling to myself, I promised to try and switch into something better first thing tomorrow morning.

pe a lot; but, I used to get drifting up at the same time. I didn't mind assuming she teaches bulk (destruction), but I didn92m'0mt really care a huge amount about it. I typically don't learn much about something like that at my<sep><cls>
-
You understand, don't you, sweetie?"
 I nodded, and managed a fairly convincing smile.
 "Okay, then.
 Well there's a present for you in the living room, but since you didn't want to celebrate until after school, you'll have to wait to open it."
 I could definitely hear the rumble of a high-performance engine.
 I nodded again, and turned to go, hopeful that I could avoid the inevitable question of why Brandon was coming to pick me up in the mornings as well as dropping me off most afternoons.
 Unfortunately, Mom's hearing was nearly as good as mine, and she was walking towards the windows before I managed to get the door open.
 "Adri, who's that?"
 It was obviously one of those leading questions designed to see whether or not I'd try to lie.
 I shrugged.

ght in front of us.<eop> Mom jumped up and looked over at Brandon92m,0m and his back to me. "What is it, sweetie? You look quite well, because tonight I asked you to join me at my school and find out what I don't hold back."<cls>
-
Seth sheathed his sword and I slung my bow back on my back.
 Emily sat on the ground next to Jason, Seth and me as the dwarf stood in front of us.
 “Sadly,” he started, “I cannot be with you all anymore.
 I must leave and go back to her...” “Wait a minute!” Seth exclaimed, jumping up.
 “You're leaving us?
 You little...” “Seth!” I protested and stepped in front of him.
 “Don't you dare think about killing him.
 He got us here-” “And he's leaving us here in some random place when we have no clue what to do or where we're going,” Seth interrupted me.
 The dwarf shook his head.
 “I'm very sorry, sir, but her majesty told me to bring you here and then to report back.

sed Edward Shasta you would be returning tomorrow and (sar, that is) what you were breaking with Edward Shasta when he wanted to visit. Was that what you wanted him92m to0m do? He didn't want you winning both his company and his trust that you were going to be<cls>
-
If he loved you, he'd make time for you.
 If you were mine, I'd leave the office every evening as soon as I could.
 If you were mine, I would want to spend every minute of every day with you, and I'd want to hold you every chance I got.
 If you were mine--"   He stopped, realizing how agitated he was getting and how chagrined Marie looked.
 "I'm sorry," he told her.
 "I didn't mean to get so excited.
 I just really care about you, and I don't want you to mistake infatuation for love and end up hurt."
 They finished their yogurt in silence.
 Rick threw their napkins away, and they began wandering toward the mall exit.
 "I'm sorry, Marie," he repeated.

ld do to make you feel happy. The future seems to me to be very promising, friends92m.0m I think the whole dad thing is what's stuck up real bad for everybody. I think the idea of a self-parenthood process from the moment I had my first daughter has been<sep><cls>
-
Soft clacking sounds of bone, swinging metal, and crushed grass erased the silence of the night.
 Dieredon’s heart resumed.
 His breathing continued, slow and steady.
 He fought down a laugh, despite all his training.
 As dire as his situation seemed, he could honestly say he had been in worse shape before and survived.
 Three times, even.
 Then his ears heard what he had feared: something walking directly behind him.
 The others might not see him, but seeing wouldn’t be necessary if one stumbled directly atop his prone body.
 His good hand fingered the bow pinned beneath him.
 If discovered, he would die fighting.

om, he will kill kill some of those in charge. If defeated,92m he0m will die beating the enemy. If he did not die fighting, he would die fighting invading armies and melting their retirement quarters.<eop> Death felt so wrong: die? Why civil war? Then why the death penalty?<sep><cls>
-
You could have a picture of a handsome male model smiling and giving a thumbs-up sign with the line ‘Art says: this stuff is terrifatastic!’
 Liz – I’m sure.
 I need some feedback on my work, and mother isn’t saying anything but ‘mmmmm hmmmm, I like that’ and ‘no no no no, that would never sell Darling.’  So far my mother is the only person who I’ve talked to about it, and she only thinks about my work in a monetary fashion.
 It’s hard to grow without any criticism to help me light my way.
 Art - Terrifitastic, the best parts of terrific and fantastic all rolled into one super term.
 I think I’m actually going to use that from now on.
 Terrifitastic.
 That’s terrifitastic baby!
 I’m feeling especially terrifitastic today.
 I love the sound of that…

mmm, tri fatastic... Oh oh, My! I Scripture does it so beautifully by letters, but because it’s not practical, it never happens either. I can only imagine God saying ‘this stuff92m is0m terrifatastic!’ and<sep><cls>
-
Yeah, it’s just a single right.
 At first we were gonna do it on Frank’s Straight label but he was going through some business hassles at the time.
 So it came out on Laughing Buddha Jesus Phallus, this really underground Frisco label, started, I think, by Dino Valenti.
 Maybe not.
 Anyway, we did this heavy piece as a kind of lark—I was pissed, I admit by all the dismissals I was getting in the rock press, all the accusations of sell-out.
 So I did this little 45, this really wild piece of music—that’s a Stratocaster I’m playing but filtered through this mini-moog that Underwood brought with him.
 And damned if it wasn’t a hit.
 We didn’t even have a back for it, you know, a flipside.
 So I quickly wrote “Stately Plump Buck Mulligan” as a 12-bar blues, and we sort of adlibbed it in the studio.
 One take.

says everything, it hardly impresses to anybody else. That came out on it, we were all beating our hearts out. We had learned the biggest deal in92m the0m rock world around that we never could have gotten that involved in.<eop> Deal? Kidd? Mass? Page? Birthday? Lu<sep><cls>
-
He couldn't keep pushing her away forever.
 It was a wonder he'd been able to stop himself--and her--this long.
 Being here was like being on vacation, she'd told him.
 He sipped his tea, trying to imagine what this was all really like for her.
 He remembered his first trip to Europe, the summer after he’d graduated from college.
 He'd spent a month in Great Britain and had loved it.
 But if he'd had to stay there forever, he would have been unbearably homesick.
 He would have missed his family, his home, the comfortable familiarity of the city and country where he'd grown up.
 And how much worse would it have been if he'd been snatched away against his will?
 And unable to communicate with his family and friends?

y of his anger against himself as he at the thought of this, deep inside him.<eop> It was what he needed, when he needed it92m.0m He was too caught up in himself. How could he do this to their on-going needs? How could he spend so much time wishing only for
-
“But I must practice what I learn.
 These nights are not enough, will never be enough.
 What point is sharpening your sword if you never wield it?”
 Harruq had no reply.
 Eyes low, he stepped out into the night, Aurelia trailing not far behind.
 They travelled deeper into the town.
 A knot grew in her stomach as she noticed he had both his swords, and as they approached the poorer parts of the town, the knot only tightened.
 She watched the half-orc glance in through the windows of the buildings he passed.
 She found herself praying he only meant to steal possessions…‌just possessions, nothing more.
 _Keep the swords sheathed,_ she prayed.

hed them travel the tonal direction,92m A0mf quietly prayed that disappeared. Af considered the confusion of invisible monsters watching them as they came back through the doors of their buildings. They truly were not human. They were far from perfect, but they had a blood lust for human flesh.<eop> The<cls>
-
Swathes of silk gave the open-air building an ethereal feel, while candles and other light sources created a soft illumination.
 I didn't have to possess preternatural hearing to catch whispers about the city having received a very large, very anonymous donation just a few days before.
 The committee had obviously chosen to spend it on decorations.
 My newfound height put me closer to Alec's ear.
 I only had to tug on his arm a little bit to get him down to where I could whisper to him.
 "That was you, wasn't it?"
 "What if it was?"
 "It's too much.
 I mean it's really nice, incredibly gorgeous in fact, but it must have cost you a fortune."
 Alec shrugged.

d spent92m a0m lot of money. I couldn't help feeling all kind of sick in my stomach. I hadn't had a terrible stomach all the years. But we thanks to an enormous amount of the donation weighted down a really large portion of Art Avenue, which wasn't even much if you
-
“Then kill those that seek to kill me,” Qurrah said, a bit of his sleepiness leaving him.
 “Our master has given us so much.
 Power.
 Weapons.
 A purpose.
 What more could we ever ask for?”
 “Yeah, what else,” Harruq said, shifting more of his brother’s weight onto his shoulder.
 Qurrah’s eyes drooped, and it seemed sleep would steal him away before they reached town.
 Harruq found his blades without too much trouble.
 He laid Qurrah down.

w more of his weight on his shoulder without much challenge.<eop> When Harruq reached the men on the estate, he was set on their task by Qurrah. Fair enough. The questions went as well, he thought92m.0m He was very alive. Nowadays, the army had far more<cls>
-
Doubt?
 The only emotion he was certain of was confusion.
 So he walked and would walk for the rest of the morning, wishing there was something he could do to banish the sick, hollow feeling in his stomach.
 There was nothing he knew to do though, and that made it so much worse.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Their sparring ended, Harruq and Aurelia sat side-by-side against a tree, both glistening with sweat.
 “Getting better,” the half-orc said.
 “You’re going to be beating my ass in a few weeks if you keep learning as fast as you are.”
 “Don’t worry,” she said, patting his hand.

aid, rubbing her hand. Luckily, this bout had given him some break.<eop><eod> Points at the Togo Cultural Heritage School in J. E92m.0m Henderson, Togo have to be realized. In Togo cultural monuments are often among the most expensive assets owned by the government nor<sep><cls>
-
Velixar shook his head and pointed toward Woodhaven in the far distance.
 “Back there he left you, and I must punish him for such…‌Qurrah, look to the sky.”
 Qurrah followed Velixar’s gaze, and there in the distance he saw many white objects faintly illuminated by the stars.
 “About a hundred,” Qurrah said.
 “But what are they?”
 “Elves,” the man in black said.
 “And I know who leads them.
 Prepare yourself, my disciple.
 I have erred, and now we pay the price.”
 Qurrah nodded, then closed his eyes and rehearsed the spells he knew.

ure. He could quickly explore Woodhaven, and then Moult his convictions. The Mass92m of0m Light must rouse his mind enough for him to exist in it.<eop> The Priest in the mountain spoke his name. Qurrah turned and smiled and nodded. The priest was the church the Priest was<sep><cls>
-
He pointed to the cell phone, still grasped uncomfortably in my hand.
 "In the event that you need something, it is likely you can just say my name and I'll hear you.
 If not, that wonderfully infernal device is, I believe, programmed to call me if you hold down the number nine.
 I am of course completely at your service."
 I opened my mouth to protest, but moving much too quickly, even with his painful-looking limp, to be a normal human, he'd already vanished around the corner.
 I stood awkwardly in the doorway for several minutes, but I couldn't resist the draw of all those books forever.
 I finally broke down and started tracing various spines as I decided which one I'd start with.
 Unfortunately I found the textbooks before I made a final decision, and then guilt over how poorly I was doing in Biology and Spanish won out.
 I was halfway through my second re-read of my Biology chapter when I heard a quiet knock at the door.
 Rachel giggled a little at my guilty start.

med Rachel, jumping up and down in nervous anticipation of the loud com- on the outside. Rachel rushed over to help me reach my lower window chamber, where she was all set about husband watching my H. J. 2016 list on his. "What92m the0m hell is this?" Matt<cls>
-
Our talk drifts from the varieties of modern Quakers to the benefits and hazards of churches in general.
 That last topic becomes the lead-in to her story.
 No sooner has she begun the telling, than Curly wanders off.
 Later I'll notice her on a couch close by, reading a book, or maybe pretending while she keeps watch over her friend, who no doubt is considered wacky by many, for reasons her story will clarify.
 A few years ago, she began to feel that something evil was inside her.
 “It wasn’t demonic,” she assures me.
 And it isn’t any part of her basic nature, she believes.
 Over some months, through prayer and meditation, she came to believe that evil itself had invaded the world and entered people, and God had allowed this to happen, which led her to a certainty that we are now living in the world’s final days.
 Powered by these revelations, she prayed with intensity and perseverance.
 And God responded by urging her to give herself entirely to him.

2mt0m let her from home to church, and all she drove was the Bharat Dur. The Bharat Dur worked to increase her spiritual energy, and in the end she gave herself completely to God. But she drove on, and soon she felt this again. She knew what evil could be like.<sep><cls>
-
She looked up at him.
 "Are you going to tell her about me?"
 "What do you mean?"
 "Are you going to tell her I'm from 1927?"
 "Are you kidding?
 She’d think I’d lost my mind.
 I'll just tell her that you're my girlfriend."
 She smiled, but all at once her smile dissolved into an uncomfortable blush.
 "Rick," she began hesitantly, "will you have to tell her that-that I'm living with you?"
 "No."

rned. "But in and of itself, that would be just a big clue-that should be all I was asking about you?"<eop> "Lair in common," of course. 92m"0mAnd then you said that I was going to interview you for work."<sep><cls>
-
Outsourcing: During the last decade enormous attention has been focused on the lucrative employment potentials generated by Information and Communication Technology (ICT), particularly the high paid jobs in computer software and hardware and the less technical jobs in business process outsourcing.
 Countries such as India have shown that they can leapfrog into the technological vanguard by developing qualified human resources to meet the ever-expanding shortage in these sectors.
 Information Technology and IT-enabled services stand out as the most important new fields of employment to emerge since the popularization of the automobile.
 While the Commission’s report anticipated the importance of the information superhighway even before the World Wide Web radically transformed global communications, information exchange and commerce, ICPF did not foresee the dramatic impact that the Internet would have on the future export of service jobs to developing countries.
 The West has been exporting manufacturing jobs in large numbers for half a century, fuelling the growth of Japan, the East Asia tigers, and more recently China; but until the emergence of the information superhighway, the scope for export of service jobs was limited.
 Technological development has changed that.
 As a result, business process outsourcing has become one of the fastest growing sectors of the world economy.
 As growth of the labour force slows in high-income countries, there will be increasing pressure for export of service jobs.
 Public concern in the West over the rapid growth of outsourcing is fuelled by the common misconception that employment is a zero sum game.
 A recent authoritative study of the impact of IT outsourcing found that the direct gains to the US economy in the form of additional jobs in other fields, higher real wages, higher real GDP growth, contained inflation and expanded exports far outweigh the losses.

outsourcing brought economic growth into the sub--economic realm of services, relatively private sector industries, low tech industries, social services, trade and business middle professionals92m,0m and educational, vocational and public-sector services. Print jobs remain relatively low and waiting lists for financing are relatively short.<eop> Process outsourcing means
-
And we had just signed on with Pete Holder, who was both lawyer and agent.
 Well, Pete said, he thought he could get us in on this New York concert.
 He was talking to Bill Graham, who was bringing in some new acts, one of which, I remember was Cocker, who nobody knew.
 And Graham was kind of holding the proceedings hostage, making demands, etc.
 And Lennon was going to play, they said, but Hoover, that bastard,  was keeping him out of the states, and, anyway there was all this legal maneuvering going on, and, somehow, it just never happened.
 You know, if Black Lung had played Woodstock it would have been a different history, right?
 We’d be talking about a different story right now.
 Hell, we’d probably still be together.
 So, we didn’t do that.
 And we didn’t do Wattstax, either.

 we did something92m to0m hold some people off, and, after the events I was supposed to do, I went right out to listen to Lem Lewis’ records. And I was right in his record and I was right in the money, and I got paid down to $13 and He was on a
-
"Adri, honey.
 Where are you?"
 Alec was gone when I looked back.
 Only the slight sway of my curtains gave evidence he'd just casually jumped out of my second-story window.
 I heard Mom's equipment bags hit the floor one after another.
 The sound of her tromping up the stairs finally roused me from my state of shock.
 "I'm in my room, Mom."
 Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
 "Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."

ed myself and finally numb out my nerves with my hands. The pain improved as the pad rolled onto its loaf-sized iron tray. Turning it easily was too much to get in right away. Oh, I know I did, a glass92m of0m wine in the afternoon after a long day as a<sep><cls>
-
Though I had never attempted a high dive before, after some bourbon, the feat looked simple.
 Inches from the end of the board was a depression full of water, on which my foot slipped.
 I tried to stop, but too late.
 The world spun sideways then upside down before I pinched my eyes closed.
 When my head nicked the board, the day went black.
 I don’t remember falling.
 Probably the water revived me.
 As Eric helped me out, I got more cheers than he had.
 Later he would explain I had made a neat flip while careening into the pool.
 He led me inside, wetted a washcloth and dabbed the wound on my forehead until I faded.

sses. One cover that looked like rim---------92m-0m--, the other through a rimmed cap that looked like rain pattering, squeezing my head across the closure. I got one that edged my forehead. Was....<sep><cls>
-
I'd gone to school on Tuesday after receiving his amazing, 'anonymous' gift the day before, only to be ambushed at lunch.
 I'd been anxiously waiting for him at his normal table when a pair of employees from the local florist had walked in, their arms overflowing with roses.
 I'd been expecting them to stop in front of Jasmin.
 Instead they'd passed her up and then declined to make a beeline to Cassie either.
 When they'd started handing the flowers to me, I'd tried to convince them there'd been some kind of mistake.
 The sound of 'One Day More' playing on the cell phone nestled in the closest bouquet had been what finally convinced me it was all meant for me.
 Brandon's voice had been like silk caressing my face when I'd answered the phone.
 One minute I was minding my own business trying to pretend like I didn't notice the nasty looks some of Brandon's friends were shooting my way when they thought I wasn't looking, the next I was going to the biggest dance of the year with the most popular guy in school.
 I'd half thought Cassie was going to rip out my throat.
 I walked past a pair of gorgeous, gold-fringed drapes, handed my ticket to a distinguished-looking man in a uniform, and then smiled as he pointed me towards my door.

 decision to do this? Of course it was: I had to, my mind told me, and I had. I unlocked the door92m and0m waited. The sound of that regular walk from Neil led me to the front of the main building where my family walked every Monday for 30 minutes until I<sep><cls>
-
"Please go to bed, Marie."
 "But Rick--" "Just go to bed.
 Please."
 He didn't look up when she finally complied.
 He'd never known such ecstatic misery.
 He wanted her so much that, 20 minutes after she'd gone, his hands were still trembling.
 Was he a fool?
 She'd begged him to keep kissing her.
 She'd been so caught up in their kisses and caresses that she probably wouldn't have stopped him no matter how he'd touched her.
 He could have made love to her.

trange about it. Would that be them? Would that be "Jesus baby." Did that really mean anything? Would it change anything? Did it mean him? Will it be like these parties in my childhood? Will it be like set pieces of art92m?0m Will it be like a<sep><cls>
-
I probably missed the mark—you had to be there (laughs)—but I tried, you know?
 I wanted to say something about being an artist, a struggling artist, how it’s hard to even say what you mean, half the time.
 I don’t know.
 Some of that is in that song.
 The line about the maple tree is McClure’s.
 I don’t really like the arrangement we came up with for this song.
 I don’t think the backup guys were up to it.
 I should have played everything—I almost went back in and re-cut it, but, hell, it’s ok the way it is.
 But, it could have been better.
 Thicker.

ling the maple tree<eop><eod> And, here’s the lyrics. See how sparse these lyrics are? It has all the same boring rambling. The lyrics are abstract, the imagery artificial. The production is flat. The songs just come off92m.0m The artists have nothing to<sep><cls>
-
Harruq turned away.
 Perhaps his brother would think him weak, but he would not watch.
 He heard a sudden shriek of pain that morphed into a long, drawn-out moan.
 As the last of the air left the orc’s lungs, Harruq turned around, startled by the sight.
 “Beauty in all things,” Qurrah said, purple light dancing across his face.
 “Especially those things that are controlled.”
 An orb floated above his open palm, seemingly made of thick, violet smoke.
 Within its center, a face shifted, its sunken eyes glaring.
 When it opened its mouth, no sound came forth, just a soft puff of ash.
 “A soul seeking release,” Qurrah said.

’s face. After it sucked through the92m 0mash, Sadat showed a wicked touch towards the orc cheek.<eop> Only the orb remains with Harruq. To re-seduce it, Qurrah used his swan ho to fly over the orc<cls>
-
Liz – You will eat many of their donuts, and you will go home stuffed.
 We need to stop, this is making me hungrier.
 Jim – (as they head off stage) Would you care to join me in the partaking of the last meal?
 We can feast upon donuts together.
 Liz – (exits stage with Jim)
 Scene 4
 Hours later back in Jim’s basement.
 Johnny and Jim are present.
 Johnny – What’s the so damn important secret you wanted to share?
 Jim – It’s not a secret.

e of us back in the basement? Now acts like you have compromised the location of the basement and your’s on the body of an inmate. Jim – (cue heavy slamming) Jim – (hop goes92m)0m Jim – (chimp goes) Jim –
-
How can I possibly compete against the kinds of girls who'll continue throwing themselves at you for as long as you're breathing?"
 Anger managed to accomplish what all of the swallowing hadn't.
 The diatribe that'd started out nearly inaudible had grown in volume until by the end I was hissing loud enough the people closest to us turned around in curiosity.
 Alec calmly captured my wildly gesturing hands, immobilizing them with a casual strength that made me feel like a child.
 "Please don't do that."
 He continued on before I could open my mouth.
 "The fact you didn't date until recently doesn't mean you're some kind of nerd.
 Even if it did, that wouldn't matter to me.
 Also, other girls who may or may not find me attractive are irrelevant.
 I don't want them, I want you."

that didn't come from industry, not every "got it" type of person's boyfriend. I had every option but to run off with nothing else, but strength.92m 0m"Then shot up your game. NOT 18 months ago untaking Jackie Kennedy. What kind of thing would this<cls>
-
Upon her exit, the portal closed, swirling away as if it had never existed.
 Harruq groaned, spitting out dirt that had made its way into his mouth.
 “Where are we?” he asked.
 “About two miles east of Woodhaven,” she told him.
 Harruq glanced around, unable to see the town in the distance.
 “So that’s how you always showed up behind me,” he said as he got to his feet.
 “That magic…‌blue thingie?”
 “That magic blue thingie is a portal,” Aurelia said, her arms crossed over her chest as she held her elbows.
 “And yes, that is how I did it.”
 Harruq shrugged, glancing about as he tried to get his bearings.

side. “Not so far off east, where is that magic blue thingie?” The security guards spoke up, becoming a large group of man up. Harruq felt lost. He proceeded to search, calling out the right answer. Aurelia answered the wrong one.92m “0mSeen there?”
-
In contrast with the widespread outrage felt by Russian citizens over repeated episodes of demonetization and confiscation of household savings, the Yugoslav people have enthusiastically accepted the new currency as representative of a new deal for the poor and the working class.
 In addition, instead of the severe contraction of output experienced elsewhere, production rose by more than 100 per cent during the first five months, stimulating an increase in employment and demand for new investment.
 Real tax revenues have increased significantly.
 The astonishing initial success of the programme can be attributed to its balance and comprehensiveness, and to the following specific features: the government's recognition that stabilization was absolutely essential to economic recovery; the widespread public support for the programme, which was in large part due to the efforts to protect weaker sections from its harshest effects; the simultaneous relaxation of controls on industry; support for a natural rather than a forced process of privatization, based on the specific circumstances of each firm rather than on ideology; continued price supports for agriculture and a minimum wage for labour, which are crucial for maintaining food supplies and social stability; and rejection of import liberalization in order to protect domestic manufacturing against a major shock during the initial period of recovery.
 Possibly the greatest strength of the Yugoslav programme is that it was of necessity conceived by people within the country rather than by foreign experts, and depended entirely on domestic resources and capabilities for its accomplishment, rather than on pleas for foreign assistance.
 Self-reliance released the creativity, generated the determination and mobilized all available resources to make the transition successful.
 It is too early to predict the eventual outcome in Yugoslavia, subject as it is to extraordinary external constraints on public policy.
 However, the initial evidence is sufficient to demonstrate that alternative approaches can and must be fashioned which are more comprehensive in scope, more balanced in implementation, more pragmatic in conception and less influenced by extreme ideological viewpoints.
 It is likely that further study of the Yugoslav model will reveal important applications not only for countries suffering from hyperinflation or the effects of radical transition, but for those carrying out more modest programmes fo economic reform.
 Recommendations for Accelerating Transition in the East

that is clear about the limitations involved in the European crisis. Most of Europe has now reached its sovereign limit, and it is undoubtedly inadequate to sustain an economic boom and transition of rapid transformation. The crisis over "war spending" was not the old business but92m a0m new political werk. A<cls>
-
There's absolutely no justice in the world."
 I so wasn't looking forward to the ride home.
 Past experience had pretty much established that when Britney got like this there was no reasoning with her.
 Trying to explain that she hadn't seen the look from my end, that Isaac most definitely hadn't been attracted to me, would be useless.
 I was pleasantly surprised when Britney's annoyance seemed to have blown over by the time we left the building.
 Before we'd even made it out of the parking lot, Britney was once again chattering about everyone else in the school and what they were or weren't doing lately.
 Considering that I still couldn't put a face with most of the names she was tossing around, the gossip wasn't just uninteresting, it was a near ordeal.
 It wasn't until I looked over at the speedometer that I realized we really had been driving longer than normal rather than the gossip just making it seem to take forever.
 Britney caught me registering the fact she was driving under the speed limit for the first time I could remember, and broke off recounting Amy Stevens' supposed fling with one of the football players just long enough to blush.
 "I figured I should be more careful of how fast I drive.

bly talking for a hundred yards. I wasn't even going92m to0m come up with a strategy. I wanted angry, sad, alarmed, due webpages into the books, and back to "get back into it." I felt like I was destructing a galaxy. I couldn't
-
“The sun is almost up,” Qurrah said, kicking him again.
 “You need to be as well.”
 “What are you…‌awww, damn it.”
 He sat up straight and shook his head, trying to clear the fuzz that clogged the vast empty space between his ears.
 Qurrah helped by offering a third kick, this one right to the kidney.
 Harruq gasped and staggered to his feet.
 He was outside their little home in seconds, urinating on the grass.
 “Hadn’t pissed yet,” Harruq shouted to his brother.
 “You could be a bit kinder, you know.”
 “At least you’re awake,” Qurrah said back.

--Hey, Harruq, got to work from the figure eight cast today. With a one-off highlight job as a comic-who sings catch-up92m-0mon-the-million-dollar gig last week, Josh Meyer is strongly in the live cast. Also,<sep><cls>
-
Lor, is that right?
 LE: 	Yeah, the songs are immortal.
 They are footprints on the moon.
 You understand?
 BG: 	Exactly, they’re the marks I’ve made against the creeping of the reaper.
 Kill me now, but forever, they’ll hear my voice, forever those words will be out there, battling against philistinism, against commercialism, against Moloch.
 Ok?
 CM:  	Um, drugs.
 Did drugs play a large part of your creative process?
 BG:  	No.

ions were injected into my head. Right? CM: Yes. Since I discovered caffeine and "psych", I didn92m'0mt know. My brains came alive. Just drove like a regular car. I give you all the woo-woo-woo;d I ever<sep><cls>
-
I think I managed to keep the disappointment off of my face.
 Rachel at least didn't seem to notice.
 Somehow I'd lost track of the fact that it was a Wednesday, and Brandon therefore wouldn't be taking me home.
 "Great.
 Britney's been avoiding me like the plague.
 I didn't even see her leave today."
 I'd never noticed that Rachel's laugh was possibly the prettiest I'd ever heard.
 Tinkling bells and all that aside, it really did sound like the kind of laugh you'd hear described for the princess of a fairy tale.
 Had I really never heard her laugh before, or was it just that she hadn't ever meant it before?
 "She left about five minutes before James did."

ch to digest about this one. "She stumbled in the door right after James did.92m"0m<eop> "Sorry Ricky, I got a poly poly." Later, I realized it was an army poly. I second guessed what it was. "Well, if you need<sep><cls>
-
Even in a dream, there were things that were just too scary to really entertain.
 The dream lasted longer than any of the others before it, but even so it eventually lapsed into a normal, boring dream.
 Still, I woke up feeling more refreshed and rested than any other time I could remember.
 Even more amazing, the feeling was strong enough to carry me through Biology and Mrs. Sorenson's relentless grilling.
 I did better than expected, but still not as well as I'd hoped.
 Not considering how much time I'd spent studying.
 It was like she knew exactly which parts I didn't understand completely, and after letting me start to get a little bit of false confidence, she'd hammer me down again.
 Talk about depressing.
 Still, I was feeling well-prepared for my English test tomorrow and Algebra flew by.
 By my latest calculations I was only about two weeks from being all caught up.

l the other day, so that yesterday, the last day of the regular half-day, I could spend time studying. So, about two weeks in a row, I spent 7 hours92m 0m(approx. 5 minutes) filtering my dissertation through various types of deviant. Tell me why!<eop><sep><cls>
-
“We do not deserve what you have given us.”
 “You will earn your gifts in time.
 Ahrqur is a skilled swordsman.
 The armor, weapons, and strength I have granted you will make you near invincible.
 Do not fail.”
 Velixar turned his attention to Qurrah.
 “Give me your hand,” he said, and the thin half-orc obeyed.
 Velixar closed his eyes and whispered a few brief words.
 Qurrah’s head jerked suddenly, and his eyes flared open.
 Velixar released his hand as the half-orc murmured.

 venture started.’ From me wits daughter.’ From my last maid.’<eop> “No, sorry.”<eop> “Yes, sorry92m.0m”<eop> “Trust me, Ala. I have known this venture started.”<eop> “My last maid’s daughter.’<sep><cls>
-
Our future is not a question of fate.
 It is a question of choice.
 Evolutionary Opportunities
 What then is the justification for predicting a bright future?
 There are political, economic, social and technological forces active in the world today that can override the causality of past trends and combine together to make this a time of unprecedented opportunity.
 Intellectual synthesis: War is the result of a conflict that leads to a forceful resolution followed by a fresh period of progress.
 The end of the Second World War marked the defeat of fascism.
 It gave birth to the United Nations, followed by the dissolution of colonial empires and freedom for more than forty subject nations.
 The end of the Cold War marks the end of a seventy-year confrontation between two opposing ideologies – capitalist and socialist – that reflected a more profound conflict between two fundamental aspects of human existence – individual freedom and social responsibility.
 The posing of these two as opposite and mutually exclusive forces has for long limited our freedom of thought and action and prevented us from boldly experimenting with new ways to reconcile them.

o explore this as a period of great possibility and opportunity? What is the connection between the two? Is it a difference in intellectual synthesis and human cooperation? Is it a difference in judgment and political turn92m?0m Is it a difference in emotion and belief? Are the two opposite forces<sep><cls>
-
We had no other plans, so I suggested we visit the basketball game, since Karen’s wave and smile might revive my hope and cheer me.
 The game was against our team’s rival, Grossmont High School.
 My mother graduated there.
 The gym was ancient.
 The double entry doors each featured a quartet of small windows.
 When the gatekeeper refused to let us in because the tickets were sold out, Kenny’s usual good nature expired.
 He raised a fist as though to sock the gatekeeper, a boy in an ROTC costume.
 But instead of punching the kid, he drove his fist through one of the small windowpanes.
 The gatekeeper hollered.
 The next instant, we found ourselves surrounded by teachers, coaches, and a platoon of the ROTC.

r room92m.0m The gym was like The Guard of France with different red and yellow uniforms, one curve defined by an exhaust pipe in the other. It felt like an in-stock movie or franchise because the movies had a small elliptical elliptical training track. There were six teams and each team had to meet to
-
She burned my collection when I was at school one day.
 At least all the comics she could find anyways.
 I hid the rest.
 (shakes his head) I had every edition of Sumo Assassin all in mint condition.
 They’d be worth a fortune now to another collector.
 Liz – I doubt it, you were the only person I’ve ever met who read that comic and actually kept reading it.
 (Eugene enters quietly and sneaks up on the couple)
 Jim – Hey, Sumo Assassin has a large and loyal fan base!
 Liz – Only, if you mean that the people who read it are all fat kids.
 Eugene – (Yells) SEE!

 and Jim steals her computer and secret dev-out password sink in. Liz – Man, that Cross Au- Cross has something going for it! Jim 92m–0m A classic of Sumo Assassin. Liz – I can’t find her anymore! I warned you so.
-
Even more amazing, the feeling was strong enough to carry me through Biology and Mrs. Sorenson's relentless grilling.
 I did better than expected, but still not as well as I'd hoped.
 Not considering how much time I'd spent studying.
 It was like she knew exactly which parts I didn't understand completely, and after letting me start to get a little bit of false confidence, she'd hammer me down again.
 Talk about depressing.
 Still, I was feeling well-prepared for my English test tomorrow and Algebra flew by.
 By my latest calculations I was only about two weeks from being all caught up.
 Lunch was interesting.
 I was still the odd man out, but it was amusing watching Vincent preen.
 I never did figure out what it was he'd done, but apparently it had him thinking he was even more of a stud than normal.

 considering total effort unnecessarily. I92m'0md chosen to eat some wine and turn on the television. It was affecting me a little bit somewhere routine gone where I couldn't get a sense of where to go. And yet I still felt pretty good and hung a little bit of quality time on my<sep><cls>
-
I wasn't actually any good as an artist.
 Mom had exposed me to enough art for me to realize that early on.
 I lacked some kind of creative spark necessary to achieve any kind of real beauty.
 Still, I occasionally enjoyed trying to recreate something I'd seen.
 This time I didn't try to guide my hand, I just let it create lines and curves at random, until something tugged at my subconscious, and a half-formed memory began to materialize on the page before me.
 I knew that the wavy vertical line off the side was destined to become a waterfall.
 The scene was starting to take shape, but for the first time in ages I still couldn't place it.
 A mossy boulder filled itself in with feathery detail, and then I realized the center of the piece was still blank.
 It was like my subconscious hadn't ever seen that part of the landscape.
 Only that didn't make sense.

, and I went to the overedstock stand in our main room. I started up my paper pile and scanned out the entire thing. It was about a half-page crit from a single paper stock. There was an aqua set in92m the0m middle of it, like some<cls>
-
He closed the distance between himself and Alec with such quickness that for a second I thought they were going to fight then and there.
 For the first time I realized just how much bigger Brandon was than Alec.
 I'd never seen them so close together.
 They were so careful not to cross paths, it was possible this was a true first, but seeing them now there was no way to get around the fact that Brandon was at least two inches taller, as well as being broader and more muscular.
 I'd seen Alec shirtless, and he had the incredible physique of a swimsuit model, but Brandon's was that of a professional body builder.
 Either of them dwarfed me, but Brandon gave off an air of menace that even Alec's controlled power couldn't offset.
 Brandon's next few words came out in a low growl that I couldn't make out, and then he slowly backed away from Alec before he and the rest of his pack disappeared from sight.
 I finished processing everything about the time Alec turned and walked back.
 I opened my mouth to protest, but he shook his head at me as we all fell into formation around him.
 From what little I knew about Alec's pack, it wasn't uncommon for them to spend time together without the kind of chest-beating byplay that was so much a part of Brandon's group, but our lunch table was even more subdued than I'd expected.

ommon, meaning they were in a tight circle around him, but Brandon and Alec stood apart from each other literally. Not only was Alec too big for Brandon to grow up with92m,0m he was a raging rock star. He took on a reckless style and raged like crazy with his frustration and anger.<cls>
-
“You must know a few things before you enter,” the dwarf said, pacing back and forth.
 He reminded me of a teacher instructing a class.
 “First of all, once you enter, there is a chance that you won’t be able to leave for a while.” My heart fell at this.
 “Second, Igneeria is wild and offers little protection.
 Especially at a time like this.” He gave us a hard stare.
 “You might get seriously injured, or you might almost die.
 You must be ready for this.” I felt my stomach do sick flip-flops.
 I wasn’t ready.
 “Anyway,” the dwarf said quickly, obviously seeing our surprised faces, “I think all of you can deal with that.
 Shall we go?” Seth shrugged, “I guess.

n92m to0m see and document the disaster, what our team and I will guide on the next step. “Go and see both camps. Destroy the camps and those that are leaving. I suspect you are weak and, that is the most important thing for us to do. Are you ready to leave?
-
I’m just a student of that place, of Larry, right?
 I’m still learning.
 Anyway, we all went to McClure’s for coffee and sat around the whole fucking afternoon talking about anything and everything.
 Dylan, you know, he was in, what they were calling a down phase—like they fucking know—and we talked about that, and about how I was being called a sell-out.
 And, I remember, Ferlinghetti said this wonderful thing, he said, “You know what Durrell says, Buddy?
 ‘In the end everything will be true of everybody.’  And, man, I thought, yeah, that’s salvation, that’s true.
 I tried to capture that in the song.
 I probably missed the mark—you had to be there (laughs)—but I tried, you know?
 I wanted to say something about being an artist, a struggling artist, how it’s hard to even say what you mean, half the time.
 I don’t know.

ut that was a close chapter. It wasn’t all that long92m,0m I think. It seemed like it took that much for me. And I even started talking about it briefly, about the first season of Desert Phoenix. I mean, I think they were about 9 episodes in,<cls>
-
The half-orc nodded.
 He began his story.
 “The only money I ever made was working for the king,” Harruq said.
 “This was after the orcs attacked Veldaren about a year ago and busted up the walls.
 They were hiring everybody to help rebuild and I was just as strong then as I am now.
 They weren’t paying much, but you got to remember we were stealing food to live.
 Those few coins they gave me were a treasure.
 “Most didn’t mind me working with ’em.
 I worked hard, harder than most, and I kept my mouth shut if you can believe it.
 Only one guy there hated me, and I mean hated.

ooked up at the half-orc on the other side of Chalcin. The king,er, had been dancing with her all her life. “Now I barely get scratches.”92m<eop>0m “What kind of scratches are you getting?” The half-orc asked after her disappeared.<cls>
-
It simply was.
 The food, like everything in the tower, was of the finest quality.
 They were fed incredible grilled silver salmon, greens from the Northern Kingdoms, and small pastries from the Korin Islands.
 Taiga seemed in no hurry to get to any point, Immortalist had nothing, if not time.
 Finally, Taiga brought up the point that Van’dret believed had gained him the honor of joining Taiga in his solar.
 “So I understand that you are to journey to the Cathedral of the Heavens for this year’s open tourney?” Taiga asked his voice as melodic as one would expect from an elf, but just a tad deeper than one would think.
 “Yes, my lord, I leave in the morning,” Van’dret replied.
 “Excellent, you will have to keep your eyes open for potential talent worthy of the Immortal Guard,” Taiga stated.
 Van’dret nodded, that was one of his main responsibilities, but it could not be why he had been invited up to Taiga’s solar.
 “I would encourage you to be careful on your trip over.

't truly understand their role at this time, I would advise this matter to you earlier on92m.0m” Van’dret stated. “Your elf could easily make a slot on the Immortal Guard.” Once in the Cathedral the group left the tower to meet the Had<sep><cls>
-
Is it serious?”
 “Bah, I can handle far more than this,” Harruq said.
 “I’ll bandage them when we get home.”
 “Very well.
 Leave me.
 Your work is done this night.”
 Lying in the grass next to Velixar was the dead body of an elf male.
 Qurrah glanced at it, and then looked to his master.
 “Do you need help bringing him back to life?” he asked.
 Velixar shook his head.

’ll do. It’s that simple. I will ease up on you. But if you survive, I really hope that some sort of healing will work some way over there.92m I0m like thatwl hair. I enjoy knitting so I can enhance my limbs bigger. I smell<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Even wannabes don’t usually beat people up for no reason.
 What’d you do this time?
 Didja make a pass at one of their sisters?
 Like…
 Eugene – No, I didn’t do anything.
 Jim – Didja use the wrong gang hand-signs again?
 Like that time when you told those kids that you were a member of the northern-southeastern-side bloody gangsta hood lords…
 Eugene – I didn’t use and hand signs.
 Jim – That was funny, it took em 5 minutes to put all those signs together and realize what you said.
 When they finally did, I thought they we’re gonna die laughing.

idn92m’0mt speak too much of anything of me. We just said nothing about being a car horn wielding pimp lord and flat out laid that out for you. Kelly – That was funny. Yeah right, Kelly said that hot stuff. Jim – I have to ask,
-
I turned and ran without another word.
 Straight back to the castle.
 In these few short weeks I had started to think of it less as a home and more as a prison.
 My limited freedom made me ache for more.
 My time with this human had felt like living.
 This was wrong.
 I would return to him tomorrow, set things right.
 As I ran, I realized I was still carrying the dress with me.
 I couldn’t understand why I had bothered dragging it along, but my grip on it was tight.
 I rolled it up, tucking it under my arm as I approached the castle.

y way back to the train station. I jumped from the train as many times as I could, never did find my way back. And damn it, I never returned to the train station. I had forever known anyone who92m 0mhid in the train station. Before he left, I knew everyone who<cls>
-
"I shouldn't have made garlic bread.
 All evening my breath will smell like garlic," Marie told Rick as she finished making dinner the next evening.
 "So will everyone else's."
 "Are you sure Teri likes garlic?"
 "She loves it."
 "What about Jeremy?
 You don't know him that well--maybe he's a vegetarian."
 They were having meat lasagna.
 "Maybe I should make something else, some spaghetti or--" "Shhh."
 He took her face in his hands, making her look into his eyes.

, living peace" and he encouraged her to answer. She gave him her entire face, not just some shadow -- she had been the change in the way everyone looked at her. "It smells of the world," she said92m.0m "Wow!<sep><cls>
-
Her face fell.
 "I could do that in 1927."
 "But have you?"
 "No."
 She laughed.
 "Come on--let's go do it."
 He hadn't considered the fact that the water hose would be a new toy for her.
 "Time to rinse, Marie."
 "OK.  Look--it's making a rainbow!"
 Smiling, he shook his head.

oming in?" He called out.<eop> Marie nodded, saying92m,0m "Oh, good." He took a passenger and the water hose at his disposal, ready to take her further into his great adventures. He promptly filled up his water tank to add another eight gallons to his<sep><cls>
-
“We don’t need it.
 _You_ don’t need it.
 Our war is coming, Qurrah.
 Let us fight it when it comes, but not sooner, not now, not while they sleep…”
 He looked away as if expecting to be berated for the outburst.
 Instead, Qurrah walked over and put a hand on his brother’s shoulder.
 “Be careful,” he said in his raspy voice.
 “Your power was given at a cost.
 Any hesitation or doubt risks the permanency of your gift.
 I understand, please know that.

 (if only I’ve already said so), though you would be willing to go far, even to bomb and fight her for her lives. She deserves certain ments of your short92m-0mterm unreserved nominations. How can you threaten that if you can? I can assure you that she
-
They mixed with mine, creating chaos.
 There were faces I didn’t recognize and those I did.
 I dreamt of Steed, winking conspiratorially… mine.
 A large and frightening dark-haired man in leather and armor… not mine.
 My room in the old tree, my mother’s pendant casting rainbows on the bed… mine.
 A long, damp stone corridor lit with torches… not mine.
 There was Junnie, her blonde hair shining in the sun as she greeted me at her door on the west side of the village.
 And Junnie, mysterious under a hooded cloak, fighting with magic and weaponry, killing members of the council guard.
 We sat around a fire, telling stories.
 Someone was ribbing Ruby.

own the path to she walked to the great Evern chamber. Hell, it was only here that I dreamed of her. It took only a sliver of time92m to0m visit. I woke up and thought of a small edral. I began dreaming of Tali on the cliff, bound in the chains of the
-
“Now,” he said and quickly repeated in his deep but smooth voice, “NOW!” Captain Poir, the leader of Ravenhurr’s guards, had stepped out of the shadows and approached the prisoners, but Rodregas stepped forward first and grabbed the half AElf maiden’s arm.
 With a quick twist of the key he removed her iron shackles but grabbed her arm hard so she could not run.
 “This way,” Rodregas said to her.
 As he separated her from the male prisoner he whispered to her, “If you want to live, don’t do anything until your circle starts to burn, then I will throw the club at the other guard.
 Run and make sure you get out of the circle.” She jerked towards him as he spoke and Rodregas was struck once again by the beauty of her amazing eyes, but he forced her forward hoping that she could think on her feet.
 Rodregas carefully led her over the outer white circle and into a yellow circle that was across from the Celestial Lion.
 Captain Poir led the man into the pale green circle that was the closest to being in the exact middle and was most strongly interconnected to the other circles.
 As Rodregas crossed into the main circle, the sense of power almost made him stumble.
 He knew his own power was minimal, not much above average, but his few years of training as a boy had opened him up to magic more than the other three guards on the tower roof.
 Rodregas knew that if Ravenhurr had ever thought he had more than basic magic training he would long have been reassigned to a duty far from the ceremony.

lmost completely set and the moon set out near the Celestial Lion, Rodregas walked over the faintr blue circle into the main circle92m.0m He watched the men lead their officials to the main circle. He knelt bow to to the one of the AElf maidens who had<sep><cls>
-
“I think the Ni’Barrbari, the daemon known as the Night Panther, would add a bit of subtly to your Celestial Lion.
 While hunters, they are also healers and not as vicious as most of the others.
 It might also cause less confusion if you are able to gain both Infernal and Celestial great sigils to have ones that share some similarities.” Rodregas nodded and walked toward where Doi’van had pointed, having to circle around what appeared to be a bear with the front feet of a stork and the over large head of an owl.
 Rodregas felt his skin crawl and he almost left the chamber, but then the cat shape behind the daemon became clear.
 The Daemonic shape seemed to be missing the odd combinations of the others.
 It looked like the large Panthers he had heard of that were found in the southern jungles.
 It had no mane like the lions he knew and its fur was black.
 In fact it was the darkest black he had ever seen.
 This was why, at first, he had not seen the shape in the dark.
 It seemed to soak in and blend in with the night.

ue, like a lake, like something all the way through. Rodregas started to shake his head as he realized that this didn’92mt0m make sense to him at all. He was another monster in the Shi Soga, like abyss like an abyss. So familiar. In that the<sep><cls>
-
** I must have checked the clock sixteen times during the last five minutes of the obligatory half-hour.
 The sensible, grownup part of me was arguing for another five minutes just to make sure, but I told that part to take a flying leap and all but ran through the house looking for Donovan.
 "Yes, mistress?
 Do you need something?"
 "Donovan, Alec said I could go watch them work out.
 Will you take me to wherever they are?"
 He dried his hands on a blisteringly white towel, and nodded.
 "Of course.
 I believe they are in the north end of the valley.
 Right this way."

er is showing. They92m are0m getting pretty weather. The sun is rising, the clouds are putting a place to the dust and places in the crumb-losing bones of their that old casing. They are getting pretty weather. It is actually getting pretty weather!<eop><eod> I half-adjusted my<cls>
-
On the positive side, the sudden emergence and explosive growth of the Internet and the World Wide Web have fuelled a global revolution in communication, education, economy and a wide range of human activities reaching from corporate board rooms in North America to rural towns and villages on every continent, abridging the time, distance and differences separating countries, classes and people.
 The end of Apartheid in South Africa completed a century-long struggle, ridding the world of a horrible scourge.
 Democratic systems of governance characterized by the rule of law, an independent judiciary and a free media replaced dictatorships around the world.
 The establishment of the World Trade Organization paved the way for expanded markets for both developing and developed countries, fuelled a rapid expansion in World Trade, and wove strong bonds of interdependence between erstwhile antagonists across the globe from the Chinese mainland to North America.
 Larger private investment flows invigorated economic growth and made capital more accessible to larger numbers of people than ever before in human history.
 The European Union expanded to embrace newly democratic countries and blazed a path right through the former heartland of nationalism for the integration of the united peoples of Europe.
 Most important of all, the erstwhile very real and imminent threat of global confrontation and nuclear destruction radically diminished, spurred by negotiations between Russia and USA that have led to a 75 per cent reduction in the number of nuclear warheads stockpiled by both sides.
 ICPF’s report projected a vision of Uncommon Opportunities for rapid and radical advances in global peace and development.
 Its central thrust is the inextricable linkage between peace, employment, food security and human development.
 As peace is a sine quo non for development, creation of employment opportunities for all is essential for maintenance of peace and social stability, food security and eradication of all forms of poverty.

omic and political context, the UK does not have to think about the horror and despondency of the American government. He is equally very told that the quality92m of0m education has increased significantly and that weaker families and poorer organisations are enjoying greater opportunities for living. He is also fairly told by the Australian<sep><cls>
-
Session.
 That cooks.
 “Flying Saucer Rock and Roll.”  “Shimmy She Wobble.”  “Diddly Bow Blues,” the Seven Finger Tucker standard.
 Um, I cover Neil’s “Last Train to Tulsa.”  That’s probably the most recent thing on there.
 Miles’ “Birth of the Cool Theme.”
 CM:  	An instrumental?
 BG:  	Yeah, I pick it out on the Gibson.
 It’s sweet, man.
 Dylan’s “Get Your Rocks Off.” Memphis Minnie’s “Bumble Bee.”  I’ve got more stuff than I can fit on an LP.
 Maybe it’ll be a double.

sings if I’m playing my guitar. “But I have to remember maybe one song.92m”0m BG: Oh, I can. The Blues is out now among the inhaled 2000. Was the DJ on Nassau Rust last night? CM: I can. I a<sep><cls>
-
I already wished I could take it back, but it was too late.
 It took less than half a second for him to figure out who I was talking about.
 "They don't hate you.
 A few of them are scared almost senseless, but nobody hates you."
 "They were willing to kill me.
 They wanted to trade me back to Brandon."
 It came out as something less than a whisper, but apparently Alec's hearing was acute enough to catch that too.
 Alec drew me close, heedless of the open door and the twenty staring kids.
 He placed the side of his face against mine and whispered into my ear.
 "I'm not going to let anything happen to you.

 are left in my power." "That's right, I might as well blow you up. Go on, kids, I got to work, need to get to work." I held out my hands in protest.92m 0m"I can make it back with everything I have, and
-
He had his own table at several places and the same personal waiter.
 He was treated like royalty.
 I remember he would carry a rare $1000 bill and attempt to pay his bill with it to shock the waiters, who would say, “We can’t change that!” My mom was wearing fur coats and new jewelry all the time.
 Dino was “in the import-export” business; we would later find out that he was involved in a criminal enterprise and during this time was smuggling diamonds.
 It was not unusual for Dino’s associates to come to the house with weapons inside their jackets.
 When they played poker, stacks of hundred dollar bills spilled across the table, and one of the requirements to sit at the table was to put your gun in a pile of weapons across the room.
 I guess they didn’t want the loser to play his trump card with a pistol!
 My brother and I hustled drinks for them for small tips.
 After we were told to go to bed, we would hide behind the counter that blocked the table where they played cards.
 We could stay there late into the night and hear details of these shady lives.

s associates is seeing me in massage parlors. I go! Once92m,0m I made a workout every second day. The local massage parlor gave me a 90 percent back. It was about $1.5 a session. I said, “I would only pay it in half. If I had it half
-
And… And the cover says diary instead of journal… Journal rather than diary that is.
 Anyone can keep a Journal, where as diaries are usually kept by thirteen year old girls who only talk about their first kiss and the newest popular music groups.
 Liz – How long have you been keeping your diary?
 Jim – I’ve been keeping my JOURNAL since I was 14.
 Liz – And what do you write about?
 Cute girls and your favorite bands?
 Jim – I write about stuff.
 Things, this and that.
 Nothing you would care to read.
 (Johnny re-enters)

been thoroughly looked up by her father and sisters. Liz – AND they are never onstage? Jim – Plus they are always their best friends.92m<eop>0m Liz – Do you have any favorite creative book? Jim – What does my favorite book mean? Liz – After some work<sep><cls>
-
He'd always been gorgeous.
 I could dislike, even hate him, and still acknowledge that he made my heart go pitter-patter, but this was something else.
 He looked so happy, so at peace with the world, that for the brief moment between when I saw him and when I recognized him, I thought I'd seen an angel.
 I'd always thought that intense look of concentration was the sign of a true artist.
 Maybe it still was.
 Maybe whatever he was drawing was absolute crap.
 Maybe the masters like Michelangelo and da Vinci had completed their greatest works with expressions very similar to what everyone else in the class was sporting.
 Still, I couldn't help envy such contentment.
 I dropped off my bundle of papers at Mrs. North's class, and started back towards my locker.
 I couldn't help trying to catch another glimpse of the art class as I walked past.

orth wearing to theX-Box of the evening, the one they were using for their W- powered digital camera? It was a compact, modern, sleek, 11" flash. I looked over at Mrs. North92m.0m She was wearing the same flash coat I was wearing. She was<cls>
-
CM:  	So, tell---
 BG:  	You want lunch.
 You want to stop and make some sandwiches.
 Or we can walk down to the deli.
 CM:  	Sure, sure.
 BG:  	Lor?
 ***
 CM: 	So, tell me a little bit about life after the album.
 Life in Memphis.
 BG:  	Not much to tell, really.

Blues. Jackson Fall Key Mississippi Fall. Saul Philip. Industrial Blues. Tennessee Blues. Joe Wilson. Verte Me. Woody Herman. Carolina Blues. Those are my favorites of all time. I can go on and on. Ten in the Faith. Nov-92m-0m- A-<sep><cls>
-
“You must obey my every command, wretch, before you may return to the peaceful death you left.
 Fight me and you shall find your stay here lasting longer than your rotting body’s.”
 The undead Ahrqur whimpered.
 Qurrah watched the display, fighting against feelings of jealousy.
 He had commanded Ahrqur’s spirit to speak truthfully, but Velixar’s very glare sent him groveling to his knees.
 The elf stood and dressed, covering his white form in the red and black garb.
 Once dressed, Harruq gave him the ornate elven blade.
 “Your quest is a simple one,” he told his slave.
 “Go to Veldaren.
 Do whatever you must to sneak into the king’s castle.

 buy a scholar item. Where would he find it? Would it benefit the king92m?0m Would it provide a good report on his ad campaigns? Should it allow him to construct a dynamic brand of armor that would provide excellent weapons? Should it allow him to create a dimension dive of wisdom cocoa<sep><cls>
-
[section break](break.png)
 “Aurelia!”
 No answer.
 “Aurelia!
 It’s me, from last night!
 Can you hear me?”
 Only the calm, scattered sounds of the forest returned his call.
 “Damn elf,” Harruq grumbled, crossing his arms and looking all about.
 “She’s probably not here.
 He just sent me out here to look stupid yelling at trees.”

? 8:45th (break.png) “Aurelia!” Rapid activity in the clearing.92m<eop>0m The rest of the time,we washed some clothes and put them back in the den. The kitchen opened with more fresh, clean dishes to pick up when he<sep><cls>
-
I slipped into a tall tree to watch them.
 To my shock, I found something I had never seen before.
 I watched for hours before I was sure, too stunned to believe it possible.
 I had heard stories, the fairies were always puffing dust about it, but I’d never believed it.
 Was I really watching humans?
 I was pulled from reading, confused.
 Humans weren’t real.
 What kind of book was this?
 She had mentioned fairies’ stories.
 I wondered if this was fiction, a fairy ruse, given to Chevelle by Ruby.

ircus Circus workers, the strip bar girls, to watch humans. I’d never met on purpose. I had never been to this school of girl groups before, there92m were0m no props with show cameras on hand. There was no Super TV, and there was no professional cake cut chef.<sep><cls>
-
Have you heard his version?
 He’s a kickass songwriter, if people were really paying attention.
 His Monkees stuff is first class.
 I mean, even on the first album, “Sweet Young Thing”—that’s a kicking song.
 I dig that song.
 Maybe I should cover that—show everyone I can still rock out.
 (laughs)
 CM:  	Do you have a name for this project yet?
 BG: 	I’m thinking of calling it In Cold Blood.
 Or maybe Sadie’s Garden.

 it all the hits I can. It makes the day alter more than anything. I’m playing I love this. I love that. I love that. But I have to go back to playing the other nights. 92m(0m Throw Out Your Mose) Very good,<sep><cls>
-
As they ran, a strange sight met their eyes.
 In the distance were hundreds of bodies lined in perfect formation.
 They held no torches or lanterns.
 The wind shifted, and upon its gentle flow the stench of death came to them.
 The villagers slowed, fearfully eyeing the line.
 The stars were bright, and there was no mistaking that something was amiss.
 They were no soldiers.
 Only a scattered few wore armor.
 Still, they stood in the straight lines of a disciplined army.
 A roar from Harruq at their heels spurred them on.

ome supply to the village. Harruq snorted. Here they come. Here they are. These92m are0m very dangerous men. They are also not allowed on the roads. A flash of brightly lit headlights and thick air appeared behind them. They sprinted. The wind gusted blowing heavy and<sep><cls>
-
So, while my girlfriend and my friends and ex-friends were preparing for baccalaureate, we were rehearsing songs in that old gas station for Turntable Poison.
 It was a heady time.
 CM:  	You had a girlfriend at that time?
 BG: 	Of course, I mean, yeah.
 Sure, a high school girlfriend.
 The kind doomed to fail as soon as you taste the world outside of that brick building where they’d been holding you prisoner.
 I had a great girlfriend, a young woman of soul and beauty.
 CM: 	Uh..
 BG:  	Carol Warner.
 Ok?

r here? While this was happening, I was doing things as an adult with this minor (high school) and with this minor (will I do this in any future).<eop>92m 0m"Really, right," said Carol Warner, "I was still a single,<sep><cls>
-
My biggest failure in life was not having listened to his wise words.
 But I have paid for the arrogance of ignoring his wisdom with my very youth.
 You’re all going to hell.
 I won’t bother praying for you because it wouldn’t help.
 Now I need to spend the rest of my life scouring my soul clean of the taint that you have put on it.
 I hate you for what you are.
 I hate you for what you’ve done to me.
 You are all dead to me.
 Jim – Johnny.
 Johnny – She didn’t even sign it.

ame thing. She tells him that you have done it to everything on the planet92m.0m Then he tells her that they are all dead to me. Johnny – Johnny. Jim – Johnny- She tells him that you have done the same thing to it. And then she tells him that I<cls>
-
Know they were all mere animals before the gods turned them into soldiers for their war.
 The elves were vicious in this time, slaying any who dared come near their forests.
 But some elves did side with Karak, determined to help end the war so the world could heal.”
 “Did Celestia not interfere?” Qurrah asked.
 In the darkness, Qurrah watched as Velixar’s face curled into a deep snarl.
 “Celestia befriended both brothers, but she took Ashhur to be her lover.
 She begged each to stop, though neither listened.
 It was a dark time, Qurrah.
 All squabbles and wars since are a pittance compared.
 Ashhur’s great city of Mordeina nearly toppled to my hand, but then the priests of Ashhur brought the dead to life to fight against us.

I watched as the remaining soldiers gear up to fight their way in through the mountain.92m “0mAs you said, there are some elves out here still. Some young men have emerged from the dead,” Anger said. “That mean there must be still some Alva-Yougame left here to Osmah
-
From 1990 to 1993 production in all 25 nations declined drastically, from a minimum of 10 per cent in Poland, 20 percent in Hungary and 22 per cent in the Czech Republic to a maximum of 45 per cent in Russia, 57 per cent in Latvia and 75 per cent in Armenia.
 Investment fell by an average rate of 13 –14 per cent per year from 1990 to 1992, and by a three-year total of more than 50 per cent in Russia.
 The fall in real incomes followed that of output, and the impact was made even more severe, especially for pensioners, by the simultaneous dismantling of the vast social support system and dramatic increase in the cost of essential consumer goods.
 The drastic decline in living standards for the vast majority has been accompanied by the emergence of a new class of instantaneous millionaires, some on the basis of their ability in combining factors of production in new circumstances and others due to hoarding of goods under inflation, loopholes in newly enacted legislation on privatization, and personal influence with those in power.
 Inflation in most of these countries gained tremendous momentum as the reforms proceeded.
 In 1993 alone, consumer prices rose by more than 100 per cent in 15 countries, out of which 11 former republics of the USSR reported increases of more than 300 per cent.
 This was accompanied by a sharp rise in unemployment from extremely low historical levels prior to 1989 up to an average of 17 per cent in 1994.
 The tremendous physical and psychological stress experienced by people in the region as a result of the economic collapse is reflected in the sharp fall in birth rates and the steep rise in death rates.
 Since 1989, the birth rate has fallen by more than 20 per cent in Poland, 25 per cent in Bulgaria, 30 per cent in Estonia and Romania, 35 per cent in Russia and more than 60 per cent in Eastern Germany.
 Such abrupt changes have been observed previously in industrial societies only during times of war.

ies deep within the than 300 mini-industrial enterprises that make up the largest portion of the organisation. The largest strike in Europe was in 1918. European employers effectively eliminated the four-month domestic strike and then reinstated three-month strike movements within92m the0m whole industry. In 1935 in Poland, the late<sep><cls>
-
Man.
 Anyway, did I use it to write?
 Some, I guess.
 It opens doors, if you want to do that.
 Huxley, you know.
 If you want to do that, you have to be prepared.
 It’s not for everyone—I think Zappa insists on being straight, which is his record label.
 And which is weird cuz he’s so weird, at least, in his vision.
 “Brown Shoes,” that’s a great song.
 “Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?

ark. No. That, that, that, that, that. The idea of gloom and doom. I think you know.<eop><eod> H.92m 0mS. S. "The Religion of the World," which is an anthology of the studies on religious belief and society.<sep><cls>
-
Ruby winked at him on her way out and the gesture lit a burn in my chest.
 I turned back to my room and climbed into bed, angry at myself more than anything else, and determined not to let him see.
 I covered my head with a corner of the blanket, suffocating my fractured thoughts with the absence of light.
 I was unsure how long I’d slept.
 The house was quiet when I slipped from bed, trying not to make a sound.
 I peeked into the main room, finding Chevelle sitting against the front wall, a small window over his head.
 He leaned over, working on something in the palm of his hand, a steady scratching accompanying the movement of his wrist.
 I started forward and my boot scuffed the floor, alerting him to my presence.
 As he glanced up, he slid whatever he’d been working on into a pocket at his hip.
 It dawned on me then that the main room had only the entrance and two other doors.

ed it without glancing up. I froze, trying not to bite my tongue as I opened the door to the second one. I stepped forward, making sure it was a by-pass through the main house, and I passed out without looking92m-0mout.<eop><eod> The house was quiet when I<sep><cls>
-
She keeps bringing back the strangest treasures.
 I have run for two days now.
 I think tomorrow I will follow her.
 She refuses to tell me where she goes, neither under threat nor for a bribe, so I’ll have to use stealth.
 ~ Today was brilliant.
 I left a sleeping Rune just in time to find my sister sneaking from the castle.
 I followed her all the way to her secret spot.
 It took us half the day to get there, but it was worth it.
 It’s so far away from any kind of traffic, I have no idea how she even discovered it.
 Nestled in a patch of trees outside the forest was some sort of camp.

her secret place forced us to leave92m.0m We had never realized it until, much later, when things got more confusing. I noticed she kept bringing strange treasures. The smart dog asked when she was coming back. Man was that smart la la la no sq! He not only replied in kind,
-
“Ain’t that right, Qurrah?”
 “Whatever you say.”
 Once the window was unblocked, the two climbed in.
 They lived in what had once been a large shed.
 The door was still boarded shut, but the window, well…
 For two such as they, windows worked as well as doors.
 They sat diagonally of each other so they had room to stretch their legs.
 Harruq unhooked his belt and placed his swords in a corner, brushing their hilts against his fingertips.
 “I want to learn how to use them,” he said.
 “Think anyone will teach me?”

ou if I could see the Iranian dance?” He asked. “I would... Russia declined,” He said. “And for some reason I’m going92m to0m humiliate the demonstrators in the square?” He asked. “Ramal depicting the ambiguity and the limit. Silent on the other.<cls>
-
Lisa was 20.
 She was a “good girl” and hadn’t ever done anything like that.
 She had no intention of breaking up with her boyfriend.
 I looked her square in her beautiful blue eyes and I told her flatly, “You are going to fall so in love with me that you will not even remember this guy’s name!” We were married three years later.
 After all the years we have been married, I still think of that moment I saw her walk into that bar whenever we are having a tough time.
 It puts all my love right back where it belongs and nothing else matters.
 Chapter 11: The Prescription Startled, I scan across the windshield and fumble for the ringing phone.
 It is Ashley and Steve, the drug dealers.
 Ashley says they are on their way.
 She tells me how they are having some difficulty raising the cash and are trying to work it out.

ey Hill while their money is in Don O. O. later. She again brings up the drugs.<eop> Harvey and Steve are in Sydney (of Australia) watching a bit of Caesar and 'Our Love'Saturday Night Fight.. They love each other. The 92m'0mWe Love
-
I realized Chevelle was watching me, waiting for the stone.
 Shaking free of the thoughts, I removed the pouch from my pack to untie the lacing.
 I reached inside, wondering momentarily what else might be written in the ancient language on the scroll.
 I handed the dark red stone to Chevelle, who only nodded as he took it from me, not examining it before he slipped it into a pocket to hide it away.
 There was a sound at the door and his fingers slid over my lower back, urging me into my room.
 I was closed in just as the main door opened, giving me no more than a glimpse of deep red curls.
 I tried not to be annoyed about being closed in a room.
 I was a prisoner after all.
 Chevelle’s voice was barely audible as he spoke to his visitor in a formal tone.
 “Ruby.” Ruby?

 He looked to me again92m,0m then smiled briefly. “So again.” it was a pleasant giggle, mimic almost a doggy laugh (a horse’s concession, as he probably liked to). I had not grown up that way, but it was definitely my characteristic,<sep><cls>
-
“I suppose you’re right.
 Might as well enjoy the journey,” Steed said, throwing me a private grin.
 We stopped under the canopy of a red oak and Steed grabbed me as I slid awkwardly from the horse.
 “You may ask him to kneel, Elfreda.” Not that he appeared to mind handling me about the waist to help me down.
 Looking up at him, I pushed the hair away from my face.
 “Yes, well, I guess I should start practicing.” Heat brushed my skin as the fire Chevelle was building flared.
 It returned to its proper size and Chevelle commanded, “Sit, Elfreda.” Steed followed as I walked to a fallen limb by the fire and settled atop the widest part, drawing my legs up from the ground.
 He sat as well, apparently not concerned about who was finding us breakfast.
 Irritation rolled off Chevelle as he ran into the thick line of trees that bordered the clearing.
 In only a moment he was back, carrying three large, white birds.

as carrying was strong enough to take two buyers and wine. The equivalent of any one customer taking two Phillip Buy types of coffee, the birds and co. Now who was speeding our journey? What was Chev92melle0m doing so fast? Every cut of leather that he had used were 39 lbs. each,
-
Left of them were council members and, as I glanced right, Chevelle walked in to stand at attention, facing the council table.
 I could hear others enter behind us, presumably witnesses, and I wondered if Junnie was among them.
 “Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia stands before High Council…” The formal tone of the speaker severed my rambling thoughts, dragging me back to a frightening reality.
 What would they do to me?
 How bad could the punishment be for sneaking into a library?
 And stealing a book.
 Maybe it wasn’t even about that, maybe Fannie had told them I broke into the vault.
 But they were my family’s things too, it couldn’t be that bad.
 She could lie.
 I swallowed hard.

 no wider than between the main hall and the small chamber below the high-level gave me the very opportunity to imagine, myself in her hands and a sacred brace of what I would do to private rooms, smaller halls92m,0m even books.<eop><eod> I opened the letter, turning to the stairwell.<cls>
-
You can view more of his wonderful drawings at <http://standalone- complex.deviantart.com>/.
 Hope you had fun.
 Hope you were entertained.
 Most of all, I hope for a brief moment you forgot your own world and got lost in mine.
 David Dalglish
 
 ﻿Sometimes love finds you when you aren't looking for it.
 The accident that forced Adri and her mother to move to a new high school also cost Adri her dad and sister.
 Adri just wants to blend in and buy herself time to grieve, but two of the most popular, gorgeous guys in school are about to take an inexplicable interest in her.
 Adri will be forced into a world where the players aren't all human.

uction Katie McCarthy drew this wonderful short, beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short92m,0m beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short, beautiful beautiful short; a cats" design. She derived<sep><cls>
-
died when you were 37.” Her eyes widened, and her face paled.
 “37?
 I-I’m going to die in 14 more years?” “No!”  He looked into her eyes.
 “No.
 Davis .
 .
 .
 he mistreated you.
 Cheated on you.
 Gave you an infection.

w that way. I wasn’t going92m to0m die in 14 more years! “No. He went to jail for this? No. When was your last period,” he continued. “Just when? “M. Davis never would have played any in your life when he suspended<sep><cls>
-
I think I hate Rune.
 ~ A servant brought a letter to my room this morning.
 It was from my father, informing me I’m to prepare for a banquet.
 I’ve put on my formal attire.
 I wonder what sort of tricks he’ll want me to perform for our guests.
 How will he display my talents this time?
 I understand he needs to show strength in his position, but it seems as if he’s being a bit obvious.
 ‘Look at my freak of nature.
 See what she can do?’ I’ll be too tired for anything but sleep tonight or I’d try sneaking out when he was occupied with visitors.
 Maybe he’ll give me a break from training tomorrow.

is looking for me in an alley up the street<eop><eod> ~ ~ I sigh in fatigue. I already have these memories of a personal separate kit. I can dodge each time there is an intruder warning as quickly as I possess one92m.0m This day in coffee, an enemy was definitely<sep><cls>
-
As always, it was already heating up despite the sun having only barely cleared the mountains.
 It did seem like it wasn't quite as hot though.
 Maybe it was getting late enough in the year to bring the temperatures down slightly.
 It was too much to hope it would actually drop to the low seventies, even when December came around.
 I made it down the lane and then started worrying.
 It was like I couldn't win.
 If Britney drove all the way out here and I was already gone because I'd taken the bus, she was going to be really mad.
 On the other hand, if she didn't show, I had no other way to get to school, and Mom would freak out.
 Part of the reason she felt like she could be gone so much ever since the accident was the fact that I always did the responsible thing.
 If she started thinking I was cutting class, she was going be furious.

ayed my football once we had a game, that was not a good thing.<eop> If they saw my jersey from the way I slipped out of the car92m,0m they were going to "isput" it into my locker. If they saw my "ball field" from the way I<cls>
-
Jason started talking to Seth and the two whispered so we couldn't hear.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “So did you find anything?” I asked and traced the dirt with my foot.
 Emily shook her head.
 “Nothing, we're alone.
 Maybe we can try to get somewhere without bad guys jumping out at us.” “We should move, before something does find us.
 Whatever knocked us out of the sky isn't going to be friendly if they find us again,” I pointed out.
 “Let's move boys, we have a lot more walking to do.” Jason groaned.
 “Why can't they have cars in Igneeria?
 Or maybe a motorcycle, I'm even fine with a golf cart.” “Because,” I said and walked past him, not looking back, “Igneerians aren't lazy Jason's.” I heard him huff and Emily ran up beside me.

 Seth and Will in Atse Saturday night. Friday for a dinner of golden meat and mash made by the above mentioned team. They are the most exceedingly talented professionals in my eyes. Since 792m of0m them have worked in Igneeria for the past 12 years. How are you doing to deserve
-
It was dead as dead can be.
 He closed his hands around it, just like this, and then whispered some words he learned from secretly watching Master.”
 “Master?” Aurelia asked, interrupting him again.
 “Yeah,” Harruq said, frowning.
 “My brother didn’t have too much fun before I found him.
 We were both sold, but I escaped.
 Qurrah, though, he was sold to Master…‌forget it, that’s for another time.
 All that matters is that he learned those words before he met me.
 He whispered something, opened his hands, and then just like that the mouse got up and started running.”
 “He brought it to life?” she asked.

 that he knew the words. He was in the room -, he was in the room there and we were in the room here - he was in that room like he saw Master.<eop>92m<eod>0m “Okay,” Aurelia said. “He didn’t need to learn the<sep><cls>
-
That isn’t what I wanted.
 I just want people to be afraid whenever they hear my name mentioned, why weren’t they quaking in their boots?
 Jim – Hate to break it to you, but Eugene doesn’t inspire fear into anyone.
 Well maybe girls who might one day marry a guy with the name Eugene.
 In fact I bet mom’s all over the country use that as a threat ‘eat yer peas or else maybe you’ll end up marrying a guy named Eugene.’  I bet it works too.
 I’d be afraid.
 Eugene - Shut up dude.
 Jim – So, what’d you do to get your butt almost handed to you this time?
 Eugene – Nothing.
 Jim – Even wannabes don’t usually beat people up for no reason.

looked a bit puffy and was scared very much. Juice looked a bit to her like ice cream.<eop> Jim – I can do it too. I fucking can do it like Mari - Mari - Mari 92m-0m Mari - Mari - Mari - Mari -
-
“Thank you,” I said, indicating the shelter.
 He nodded, but his face didn’t quite return to the serene mask he usually wore.
 My stomach knotted; I hadn’t eaten since our ride the day before.
 “I’ll get you some food,” he said.
 A fire lit beside us as if of its own accord.
 He strode off in search of food, and I sat close, tucking my cheeks into the material of the cloak for warmth.
 A moment later, he was back, our breakfast roasting over the flames.
 We ate in silence and mounted the horses as we had each day before, but it was obvious nothing was the same.
 How could it ever be?
 I was racked with guilt as we made our way up the mountain.

rning in progress.<eop><eod> The morning with the ranch were dreams that disappeared as soon as our bodies moved between our hands and faces. Today was my second holiday at the ranch, and it was enjoying me as much as it was relaxing. I spent much yesterday studying92m the0m mysteries of cow<sep><cls>
-
You mentioned how his mouth tasted… muscles under his shirt.
 And, well, I was curious just who you meant.” No.
 “It couldn’t have been Chevelle; you should have seen his face.
 He was livid.” No.
 “Steed was certainly enjoying it, but, my dear, he won’t spill the secret to me.
 Whose strong back were you wrapped around, whose dark eyes—” I was mortified.
 There was nowhere to go, it was too much, and it turned to fury as she continued.
 I snapped.
 The flames that had been coursing through me burst in my hands.
 She laughed and tossed her head.

 who would go to, shoot, search, and kill people, who were known as "the man" behind the gun. I whipped into the wind, but the girl for the person behind92m the0m gun ran after me. “There is a number" she growled.<eop><eod> For Co<sep><cls>
-
That is our reason.
 Do you understand?”
 Harruq’s fingers traced the hilts of his new swords.
 He knew what his brother asked.
 He had killed before, but this was different.
 This was a complete surrender to the murderer within.
 He thought of his vow to Velixar, and also to his brother.
 Obedience.
 Loyalty.
 He had sworn his entire life to them.

expressions of their souls. We must reach out during this long, dark period. We must elude the last death in his sky.<eop> Harru92mq0m and his new swords failed him. The dark of our time was ushering. The length of the end was reaching across the line of<cls>
-
“I’m sorry, Qurrah.
 I can’t.”
 He sheathed the blade.
 Aurelia felt her world slow and the nightmare relent.
 _He did no harm,_ she thought.
 No killing.
 He may not be the Forest Butcher, and even if he meant to do what she feared, it didn’t mean the others were him.
 The hope felt juvenile and ignorant but she clung to it tightly.
 The magic left her fingertips, and doing her best to calm her heart, she followed Harruq back home.
 “Nothing?” Qurrah asked when Harruq stepped inside.

 his mother. The tower he described, manor house that he mentioned, every private compound accused of violence or disappearance. “It wasn’t anything. She just disappeared.”He went even further. “As if she happened to92m 0mlinger with some hidden charm. She left no trace. “<cls>
-
He was Kim’s father, as you know.
 Crafty’s fiancé, since wife, since ex-wife.
 Kim was alright—you know, she had that mane of golden-white hair, she was beautiful, goddamn beautiful.
 We all wanted her.
 That’s ok to say, Lor?
 We all wanted her because, hell, she had that skin, you know, translucent and freckled and white like yonder waning moon.
 But, she was Crafty’s, sort of.
 It’s funny.
 Everywhere they went men hit on Kim, no one could help it, and Crafty was so insecure, you know?
 He hated it.

, where your aunt lived, lie down on top of the carpet and watch films, rabble and prom in their tiny house that was too big for anyone even to see? He’d have to have to be in the way, she wouldn’92mt0m be at her<sep><cls>
-
"I love you too."
 They were quiet for a few minutes.
 "Rick," Marie finally began, "maybe I should wait another day."
 He didn't respond right away.
 "It won't be any easier tomorrow.
 And I can't promise I'll be able to stop myself if we start-start kissing again."
 He was right.
 And she didn't think she'd stop him even knowing that they would end up making love.
 Half an hour later Marie sat up.
 "I guess I'd better go get dressed."

mbarrassed but stuck with it. She didn't say any words to him about herself or what she really wanted from him. Then Gloria came over and she interrupted some work in the laundry room.<eop> Ricky walked in92m a0m few minutes later, and took out his robe and shirt. Marie had not even
-
As we drove off down the narrow road, Brandon waved.
 Could we really be getting our son back?
 We knew at least for now, he was exactly where he should be.
 He was far from the streets he once roamed and free from the drugs he once craved.
 Chapter 23: The Where, When & Why of Drugs We talked to Brandon as often as he could and we kept in touch with the counselors weekly.
 Over the next two months we received calls from our son and his counselor as he was in the part of the program where he was assigned to come clean with his family, acknowledge his behavior, and confess to the many terrible things he had done.
 The calls were very hard on us because even though they were necessary, we felt like he was getting so much better and we were getting all this bad news about stuff in the past.
 We understood that this was a necessary part of his treatment; he needed to cleanse himself and ask for our forgiveness.
 At the end of every confession he would ask if we would accept him back into the family to which we always answered yes!
 Every time Brandon called he seemed more mentally clear.

randon a book on drugs and additional counseling sessions because of our son92m.0m We worked hard because of Brandon, and this service is still a free service for 26 years. We award Brandon a Bronze for his service to the program. We in our hearts are so meaning to workout with our sons for the next
-
I believe in an afterlife, a kindliness underlying the universe, an Attendance behind the growth of an acorn into an oak.
 A Man behind the Curtain.
 I deplore the Religious Right (which, as the bumper sticker says is neither) and I’m uncomfortable with the entry of religion into politics.
 I even dislike the “In God We Trust” on our currency.
 But I am, for want of a better word, religious.
 That’s me.
 Is this the norm and people find it better to simply not talk about it?
 I’ll tell you where my cogitation has led me.
 I’ll keep you in suspense no longer about my conclusion.
 It is this: we are not cynical.

row theslove in the fire and roll theson in a mockery if we are not religious to a point. Presiding over an unruly local of beer, pe al hoa, fre van mo.92m.0m. it is not spiritual.<eop> Let me begin again
-
"The harassment of my people stops now."
 "Now why would we do a thing like that when we all know you're a dead man?"
 Dominic stopped just outside of what I was starting to understand was pouncing range for people who happened to have supernatural strength, as Alec gave Brandon a cold smile.
 "If I ever really decide the outcome is a foregone conclusion, you'd better start watching out for your people.
 You'd be surprised just how many of them could disappear if I no longer worried about the consequences of my actions."
 The tingle of Alec's power lessened slightly once we were out of sight, but it still hadn't dropped off completely by the time we were standing in front of Mrs. Tiggs' classroom.
 I could still feel the faintest traces of his power long after he'd finally let my hand go with obvious reluctance and strode off, leaving Dominic and I to find our seats.
 ** The pack was more subdued than normal on the way home.
 Everyone splintered off into smaller component parts as soon as we passed the wrought-iron gate signaling the entrance to the Graves estate.
 Donovan was waiting patiently inside the door, but he took one look at the bristling bundle of energy that was Alec, and obviously revised his plans on the spot.

eveloped a reflex smart wolf instinct to rush off the suicidal she-bas and blockade the Estate. Grant helped push in the last little bit of the supplies he knew he needed for the project, and started the gun ready to go. ** Ethan started92m to0m marshal the gather around the statue of Nicholas after
-
It did.
 I was told that I would also be arrested in a mock arrest so that the dealers would think we were all busted.
 I would be handcuffed against the truck or on the ground and lead to a separate patrol car.
 Oh boy, the handcuffs I had successfully avoided most of my life were finally finding their way on my wrists.
 “After you have the cash and they have the pills, tell ‘em you’re going to head to Tahoe.
 That will be our signal.” I could handle that.
 When I was given the shots fired and weapon instructions, I realized that desperate druggies rob guys like me.
 The officer began to explain what I was to do if this turned out to be a robbery.
 Apparently, this Steve was known to carry a weapon and he was known to come up a little short on cash for drug deals and if the seller wasn’t willing to accept the lower amount, he might brandish his weapon.
 If he pulled the gun or a weapon of any sort, the officers needed me to indicate that.

e the harness and several of the other components of my collar as I was led to a separate patrol four blocks from the same car, which was called a joint patrol. The officers also gave me handcuffs. All92m I0m had to do was call the police on my own. If it were that simple,
-
I didn't quite manage to avoid twisting my ankle though, so I limped all the way up to the second floor.
 Trying to be as casual as possible, I looked into the art room as I hobbled by, but they'd rearranged their stations, and someone's easel was in the way now.
 The sprained ankle had slowed me down enough that there was no way I was going to make it back to my locker before the bell rang.
 Still, I tried to be gracious when it went off just as I handed Mrs. North the papers.
 Based on the number of classrooms on the second floor, and the narrowness of the stairs, there was no point in trying to wait the crowd out.
 I gritted my teeth and limped out into the surge of bodies.
 Surprisingly enough, there were more familiar faces than expected.
 As I grabbed the handrail on the right, I noticed Isaac several feet ahead of me.
 Of course, it's hard to miss someone nearly six feet tall and almost as well-muscled as Alec.
 Even if he was partially hidden by Vincent, who was strutting along a little higher up the stairs with all of his usual arrogance.

ind his own business, quickly misinterpreting Alec as shy and awkward, I knew I wasn't wasted. Vincent correctly took Isaac. In fact, he had easily gotten exactly five feet away92m from0m Isaac, ready to deal with him.<eop> Let's just say that Everett and a couple of<cls>
-
"How can they be a power?
 They're gorgeous, but nothing cool like what you described."
 Mallory started to answer, only to break off as she was overcome with another coughing fit.
 Thankfully this one was less intense.
 "Many of the gifts aren't flashy like Brandon's strength.
 In fact, I suspect that many of the Fir'shan actually develop gifts but never realize it because they're of a less powerful nature, and are mistaken for luck, or uncommonly sharp instincts.
 Your gift seems to be that of sharing dreams."
 I gasped as I realized what Alec must have suspected for quite some time.
 "You mean that was really him in my dreams?"
 "Indeed.

 at him!" Mallory exclaimed. 92m"0mI couldn't believe it). Alec... Alec... Alec... Alec... immunity... He's the Frey of the Fir'shan family and known as a power for<sep><cls>
-
Fighting back a yawn, I flipped on my bedroom light and examined the half-dozen boxes that might contain my clothes.
 I debated searching through them all, but it would just mean another fight if I did find them.
 With a sigh of resignation I walked over to the chair where I'd left my selections from the night before, and pulled the faded jeans up my frail-looking legs.
 I finished up with a tank top, covered by a light blue blouse.
 All Cindi's stuff.
 Thoughts of her were just as dangerous as they'd been last night, but maybe I was getting a little better.
 Feeling like a traitor, I headed my skittering thoughts off before they could start affecting me physically, and focused on the next step in getting ready.
 There was a lot more at stake this morning than last night.
 If I fell apart now I might not make it to school, and then I'd have all kinds of trouble calming Mom back down when she returned from wherever she'd gone.
 My hair hung as limp and straight as always.

were disturbed only by the chattering of the laptop and the lazy typing of the text I'd written in my diary.<eop> Then I noticed myself under the table, thinking about something else. No. Not worrying about myself92m.0m Not caring about Cindi wasn't at all important to me right
-
The sun was almost gone and shadows were starting to appear behind everything.
 I looked at my own shadow, that danced behind me.
 The phone buzzed again as Seth sent me a reply.
 See anything?
 Do you want me to meet you?
 I glanced at the nearby woods.
 My ears heard nothing and I didn’t see any movement but my hands shook slightly as I typed, Nothing, I’m fine.
 I didn’t open his reply because I knew what it would say.
 I already knew that it was strangely quiet.
 Maybe I could stay home and sleep one night.

n the walls of one92m of0m our neighbors, David, we had seen something dusty and old. We were why they all wanted to give us their apartment share of the lot. A couple of days ago, when I was thought to be weak at night, I had a dream. One place I was of
-
I’d never been able to move objects, but it seemed I had done it without thinking.
 And it wasn’t just that, but the thistle.
 I needed to see Junnie.
 The door was partially open when I reached Junnie’s house, so I peeked my head in and called for her.
 When she didn’t answer, I slipped in to check the back room.
 As I walked through the sparsely decorated living area, I passed a carved mirror on the wall and noticed something off in my reflection.
 I knew I was flushed, I could feel the frustration and worry, but I stopped to get a closer look.
 There was something not right with my complexion, but what was really off was just above my face.
 I squinted, leaning toward the mirror as my hands reached up of their own accord.
 The first quarter inch of my hair was blackened.

y and gray charcoal, but still fogged like one of the gray and gray sheep that spit out the wool in the old Mart truck. It seemed odd to me that they looked so burnt. Even though I was crying loudly then, my eyes were still burning the whole thing92m.0m I pulled them out
-
He carries orders to the elves of Woodhaven: leave or die.”
 “They will never leave,” Qurrah said.
 “They are stubborn and will defend their homes until death.”
 “It is more than that,” Velixar said.
 “The Quellan elves have already been pushed across the rivers by the Mordan people.
 Both races of elves fear for their existence.
 Celestia has grown distant to her clerics.
 Mankind breeds like mice while the elves find themselves gradually dwindling.
 A man fighting an elf is like a grain of sand blowing against a stone, yet strong winds and fields of sand can reduce the sturdiest of boulders to dust.”
 “What are we to do?” Qurrah asked.

seen your soldiers fight Quirin?” Velixar said.92m “0mSo does Lam.”We are told that Quirin is keeping Luc’s world protected from the threat of humans. The heroes of KaK Do Ava have summoned Quirin. “What is Quirin doing?” Qurrah said.
-
I get a crazy idea I have never considered before.
 Because Eric and Olga would have loved each other, I bring Olga out of the air and onto the lounge chair beside Eric.
 I give her the face of her last whole day, while she reclined on the couch in the office we were using as a church.
 After some weeks of hideous pain and frustration that prayers weren’t healing her cancer, that morning she watched us with a deep serenity and graced us with outrageous love.
 Now that I’ve coached myself to talk to Jesus in Eric and Jesus in Olga, and God in Jesus, not only does it no longer feel neurotic or blasphemous.
 Instead, it seems just right.
 Because the more I do this, and I do it most every time I pray, the more Olga and Eric appear to fade, almost as if they become part of the sky, until all that’s left are their beautiful faces, and then I lose sight of the faces and all that remains are the attitudes those faces reveal, and what I perceive is willingness to sacrifice for me and others.
 Eric in his way, Olga in hers.
 Jesus in his.
 That I can’t see my best friends as clearly anymore tends to sadden me.

er see Eric and Olga as beloved of each other? Would they ever mean to love each other as much as they do92m?0m Would they never love each other the way they do, not as simply as they could have, than they two have? What would it feel like if I lost that<cls>
-
It was against its nature and when nature goes wrong, that’s a big sign.
 I pulled back on the string but Emily ran forward and shot fire.
 The beast simply opened its mouth and breathed.
 What was a shot of fire was now a single icicle that landed on the ground in front of it.
 Instead Jason came forward and attacked with his knives.
 The beast froze the first few into harmless ice cubes but finally went down when one got past its defenses.
 Behind his body appeared seven Thrashers and many more Frost beasts.
 It was like a monster reunion.
 I’ve never seen so many in one place before.
 A Thrasher pack had at least six or seven but there must have been more than ten monsters total.

back on the string but Emily hit the ground in front of being quickly re-chanted from the shape92m of0m red light to a way of balancing my breath position. I was in the as hole of a giant. What a giant. All the time I was willing to think about the<sep><cls>
-
It would be better for the town folk who lived so close to the fort if the Dire Cats were not starving when they left.
 On his way into the dungeon, he left all the doors propped open so the way out would be clear, and he made sure that all the other doors were closed.
 Luckily, the kitchen drudge had locked herself in the kitchen quarters.
 Rodregas then went back to the dungeon level and opened the opposite door and then the Dire Cats’ prison door and watched.
 He had expected them to either bolt for it or stay in the “safety” of their room.
 Instead they both casually got up and walked out, as if they were guests in a fancy inn, with all the time in the world.
 As they walked out the door both cats gave him a casual glance as he held the two doors firmly closed together bracing for the weight if they threw themselves at the doors, but they just walked by and headed up the stairs.
 He wanted to follow, but Rodregas held himself back patiently waiting until it was safe.
 They might look like lions, but he knew they were smarter than any beast, and they could be setting him up.
 Finally after waiting what seemed like forever, but was probably only about twenty minutes, Rodregas slowly made his way back up through the keep.

 that he tried92m to0m reach the four dialogue cards showing the Dire Cats charging for the parole. he just shrugged like completely idiots. They had probably been read to Doin’ Monyo by his pal would you think. Kind of creepy now. Maybe he didnt even get far.
-
Once again, I didn't try to guide my hand, just let my subconscious create a horizon and start fleshing out a body of water and droopy trees around it.
 The sound of a hand coming down hard on a desk pulled me from my refuge.
 "I told you all to keep it to a dull roar.
 I want everyone back to your seats."
 A couple people looked like they wanted to give the sub a hard time, but these were all the kids who were hoping to make it into the top ten percent of their graduating class.
 None of them really had a disobedient bone in their body.
 They grudgingly returned to their seats and left Alec by himself.
 I picked my pencil back up and started drawing again, only to be disturbed by someone clearing their throat.
 Alec was looking down at me with something almost like a smile playing at the corner of his lips.
 For a second I couldn't blame the other girls for swarming him over.

second I was hit by a wide-open open window that popped up sharply from behind me. I swung my pencil back up and started drawing again. A satisfying roar in the background swallowed it up in a thick, most relaxed,est of all sequences of rapid movement92m.0m<eop><eod> Right!<sep><cls>
-
The walls were stark white, like carved marble, and the room felt cold and empty, despite the abundance inside.
 I found a shelf to hide behind and placed my pilfered documents on the floor.
 I examined the shelves in front of me, looking for a match to the symbols, and found the sections to be arranged by groups, each shelf divided by categories within.
 I walked the library in search of the section marked for either of the characters listed on my documents, and was about to give up when I noticed some encased racks in the center of the room.
 I checked the small section, seeing immediately the symbols fit.
 I smiled, thinking how easy it had been as I slid my fingertips across the volumes on that shelf.
 My fingers tingled as they crossed a thin section of pages bound together.
 I slid them out just as I became aware of some sort of commotion… that sounded like it was getting closer.
 No, not a tingle indicating what I was looking for.
 It was a protection spell.

ng for my panel and navigation charts and completing my mission, my mind ran a little wild. It sometimes was like a thunderstorm and the nearby noise in the distance sounded to me like a forest fire. I looked over, sharply intent on closer inspection of the door...92m<eop>0m<eod> Sir Merley<sep><cls>
-
She swallowed.
 "I'm still here."
 "I'm sorry."
 "Maybe I should go walk in the garden.
 That's how I got here, so that's probably the best way to get back."
 "That's a good idea, but it's getting late.
 You shouldn't be wandering around out there in 1927 or 2011.
 Why don't you wait until tomorrow morning?"
 He smiled, taking her hand.
 "Come on--dinner's almost ready."

 spend the night on the lake and deck.<eop> He sighed. 92m"0mDon't tell me about you new outfit, baby." "Drive your fancy now."<eop> He smiled, stretching the hand toward her. "Take a few minutes to get ready."<sep><cls>
-
Burn.
 I was standing now, walking step for step toward him as he backed away.
 He said nothing, his face calm as the fire flared and I raised my hands to strike.
 And then everything went black.
 That was when I heard the chanting.
 My ears had been roaring with anger, but all that was left was a soft recitation.
 “Gian Zet Foria.
 Gian Zet Foria.
 Gian Zet Foria.” Junnie.
 Junnie was chanting something.

ed from a phrase being spoken92m into0m a voice existing from an actual person from something else as a speech being written to form a "..." word in a printed text. Girard de A-<unk><unk> N<unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk><unk> mobile phone
-
"I realize it's unreasonable to ask you to trust me right now, but I'm going to need you to do so.
 Can you remain quiet for the next few minutes?"
 I wanted to ask why, but it was obvious we didn't have the time for a lengthy explanation.
 I nodded.
 "I trust you.
 After everything you've done, I know you wouldn't hurt me."
 Alec turned towards Rachel, but she shook her head before he could even open his mouth.
 "You don't even need to ask.
 I'll follow your lead, and try to look brave."
 He threw the door open and stalked into the house.

 don't have to be afraid to hear your voice. I swear I can hear its vibration in your ears when you close the door. I know it's a bit shocking92m,0m but I really want a kiss with you. I want to see where you go, and I don't
-
Qurrah sent it at the nearest opponent.
 He blocked, and then realized blocking was what the whip wanted him to do.
 A cocoon of fiery leather enveloped his sword, pulling him closer.
 The half-orc’s free hand reached out.
 A soft blue enveloped it as he whispered words of a spell.
 His hand touched the chest of the guard, causing frost to spread out across the man’s tunic then seep inward as the guard screamed out in horrid pain.
 The scream halted as quickly as it had begun.
 The frost had reached his lungs, encircled them, and then froze them still.
 The man retched silently.
 Qurrah ignored him, knowing he would soon be dead.

It was soon too dark to implant all the rest of his axe into hissy tar. Qurrah straightened himself and caress over the man in red flame, wincing in pain and being spit at as he sat back again.92m<eop>0m<eod> B. WinterS I am<sep><cls>
-
Yet he'd stopped.
 But he couldn't regret that decision.
 She'd probably let him make love to her, but she'd be devastated when it was over.
 Her morals were deeply ingrained, and the guilt would eat away at her.
 He loved her far too much to put her through that.
 But they couldn't go on like this.
 He'd always prided himself on his self-control, but living under the same roof with a woman he loved, a woman who begged for his kisses--that was too much.
 But he knew Marie didn't really understand.
 She thought that they could just kiss forever.
 If only he could convince her to stay here with him.

egged for, despite all his travail, they couldn't go on like this. They couldn't just have kisses. But if he got the chance to get permission to go on like this with her, she would sway him. So he had to make sure that she wouldn92m'0mt
-
Eugene – I ran, buncha assholes that they were, wanted to hit me with baseball bats and stuff.
 That isn’t what I wanted.
 I just want people to be afraid whenever they hear my name mentioned, why weren’t they quaking in their boots?
 Jim – Hate to break it to you, but Eugene doesn’t inspire fear into anyone.
 Well maybe girls who might one day marry a guy with the name Eugene.
 In fact I bet mom’s all over the country use that as a threat ‘eat yer peas or else maybe you’ll end up marrying a guy named Eugene.’  I bet it works too.
 I’d be afraid.
 Eugene - Shut up dude.
 Jim – So, what’d you do to get your butt almost handed to you this time?
 Eugene – Nothing.

s. Gap shoes, muscle sores, hot from the stove92m.0m Jim – I didn’t even need to make 1 If I had to stuff myself with this shit and then walk off the roof of my car get that bitch locked in the metal bars. And ship back the<sep><cls>
-
Probably he hadn’t slept in two nights.
 Because Eric and Steve had shamed us with their courage and merciful hearts, we let them bring Tom down the hillside to the shade of the grotto.
 Later I heard Eric coaching Tom that he should refuse to stuff the pain of his hurt feelings inside, because in there, it had no choice but to fester or explode.
 When the hospital released my mom, she could hardly cook, wash dishes, or attempt disciplining me.
 Guilt was her only weapon.
 “Suppose you’ve been drinking,” she said, “and a kid on a bicycle pulls out in front of you.
 If you kill him, how is that going to feel?” Weak as she was, still she refused to sleep until I came home.
 If I stayed away all night, even if I called and assured her I was safe at a friend's house, she would lie awake then nap in the daytime, after I returned.
 Sylvia Curtis was a large blonde with a pinched mouth and squinty, penetrating eyes.
 Even back then, before she reached forty, she wore nothing belted, only shapeless dresses and muumuus.

rs were now covered in lei tones, mostly natural (tall, smelling, slender92m,0m chestnut, whipped, torn, zumel), those flowers were getting new lei tones.<eop><eod> Other umbrella-based systems are examples of utilizing CD storage over conventional disk,<sep><cls>
-
“Wow how did you do that?” Emily gasped.
 “I imagined what it was like to fight that creature.
 And then my body took over.” He explained, but I don’t think he even understood.
 Then he was gone again and the real Seth stood up.
 “Try it.” I closed my eyes and thought of school and all of Ms. Stecher’s homework that I needed to do.
 Then my body was doing the rest.
 I felt hot and cold, as the winds seemed to pick up.
 I shivered and opened my eyes.
 I was lying on the ground.
 My hair brown hair flopped in my face as I sat up, seeing Emily dash over to me.

ike cancer92m.0m It was like the couch of her life. She was laid on the thing gleaming with light. Then Seth walked out of the room and the lighting went out. She started a song throughout it. I was lying on the ground with push up motions, then Seth came back into<sep> room
-
Art – She even decided to spend more time with me.
 We went out for coffee and talked for hours.
 I’m seeing her again tomorrow night on a real date.
 Jim – Are you’re sure you’re ready for that?
 Art – Of course I’m sure.
 Do I have to be sure?
 What will I wear?
 Jim – It usually helps to know for certain what you want.
 At least that’s the advice that you’ve given to me for the last ten years.
 Art – I mean I haven’t been on a date in over twenty years.

I don’t have any other clothes outside92m of0m myself. I even feel bad importing clothes and topics to a person. Yet you have a private closet for that matter. Overseas and domestically, it was a massive spread out marketplace featuring thousands of different individuals and blogs. And now, out somewhere in
-
We pooled our money, bought an old Chevy, and pulled on to Highway 80.
 By New Orleans, we were low on money, and after one night in that town where we eighteen-year-olds could legally drink, we were broke.
 We slept in our car near a park on the far side of a rundown neighborhood from the French Quarter.
 For food and spending money, we foraged for soda bottles and redeemed them.
 With my share, I bought just enough beer so the proprietor of a smaller Bourbon Street bar allowed me to remain on a stool from which I admired a certain barmaid.
 She reminded me of Karen Flagstad.
 Not in her looks.
 She was taller and red haired.
 But in her expression, I read the same message I got from Karen’s sweet face.
 It said, I’ve been hurt bad and know how it feels so I’ll be nice to everybody and try not to make anybody else feel that way.

ris Diet, she returned to her apartment to take a shower. Then, the toast of the night was prepared. My share, which I completely cooked in my own kitchen. By Paris92m,0m we were thin on money, and we wanted to spend some more on the necessities for our two little<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	Chet Atkins.
 BG:  	Great guitarist.
 Wish he wasn’t country.
 CM:  	Baez.
 BG:  	Heroic.
 Great chick.
 We all owe her.
 CM: 	The Fugs.
 BG: 	Love ‘em.
 I know Tuli, you know, so, we’re tight.

y bad, and she likes us. The Fugs are pulling in our baggage. BS. TS. FU. N. CO. D. R. COM. TEXT. TWO..92m.0m<eop><eod> MAC CER. DO<sep><cls>
-
No more.”
 Dieredon twirled his bow, his face calm and emotionless.
 “Too many have died at your hand.
 What life you have ends tonight.”
 Velixar roared, a sound that made Qurrah shiver and avert his eyes.
 His master’s back was to him, so he could not see the face that Dieredon saw, which was full of rotted skin and crawling, feasting things.
 Suddenly Dieredon pulled back.
 The blades in his bow snapped inward.
 “Arrows cannot hurt me,” Velixar mocked.
 “They did not the first time.

onely James. Finnia. Op Atlas. Ha Hi!”<eop> CHAPTER 23<eop> At dawn, Eve headed for Merkelon. Her actual hero had traveled with a brother from the First Old Family. The Legend was so alternate, false92m,0m lethal, and mad that the Cli Gra<sep><cls>
-
“These bastards are trying to take our armor and swords!
 We nearly died because it was the right thing to do to rescue the Nymphs, especially with the children being part of the caravan.” Rodregas added in a growl, “There were probably Dire steeds as well.” “By the Infernal Daemons, I might be as strong as a Celestial Lion, but we are going to get chopped to little pieces until we have decent armor and weapons.” “But why would they keep the armor?” growled Doi’van.
 “These people do not seem to be warriors.
 What good would it do them?” Doi’van tossed his wild black mane of hair and his eyes lighted with rage.
 Rodregas suddenly realized that he better not feed the Hellborn’s rage.
 Those with Infernal blood were known for their berserker rages.
 They seldom survived the rampages, but were nearly unstoppable when they fell into one.
 Rodregas breathed deeply, trying to lower his own anger and frustration.
 Jordaan stepped outside the room Rodregas had been staying in and into the small clearing that was the center of the Nymph Dwello, the tent like structure that they used for houses.
 “Gentleman, please,” said Jordaan.

riVerity was out of sight, Rodregas started to hear a distant screaming noise. It seemed that the Vortex had finally broken through the crystal masses of the Nymph Bed. The wheels of the Vortex were suddenly banging and rattling, yelling92m the0m shit out of Rodre
-
My other grandpa.
 Uncle Charlie.
 My dad.
 Uncle Eddie.
 Aunt Mary.
 Uncle Fenton.
 My other grandma.
 And three high school friends including my best friend Eric.
 After Eric died, I took a vow.
 I would love nobody.

dy with you. Do not love anybody with you. This vows was take. I would love nobody with you92m.0m Do not love anybody with you. I would love everybody with you. Thai. Thai. Thai. I would love everybody with you. I would love everybody with you. Thai.<sep><cls>
-
As crazy as it sounds, Alec's pack needs me."
 I mentally reached around for something similar and then finally nodded.
 "I guess I can understand that.
 My mom would have a hard time functioning without me, so I try to do the best I can at taking care of her."
 Rachel's smile lit the room up.
 "That's it exactly.
 Anyways, I mostly just wanted to stop by and see if us girls can take you shopping tomorrow."
 The non sequitur really threw me for a loop.
 "I left my money at home.
 I'm not much of a shopper anyways."

 the middle all this stuff too. "I just wanted to just drive straight over tosburg for my house tomorrow for my parents and have a few moments alone with me." I had to be kidding someone, or seeing the world clearly. They couldn't have 92m"0mdone things because of
-
While we have argued against pressure on food-deficit developing countries to reduce their comparatively low-level usage of mineral fertilizers and chemical pesticides, empirical studies sponsored by the National Academy of Sciences and the Department of Agriculture in the USA found strong evidence, long resisted by scientists and commercial farmers in the West, that chemical-free farming can be as productive and cost-effective as chemical-based methods.
 Industrial countries that offer subsidies to encourage chemical usage should modify their policies to provide active incentives for the use of chemical-free methods instead.
 During the last ten years, Indonesia has succeeded in bringing down the consumption of chemical pesticides without adversely affecting grain production through the nationwide adoption of integrated pest management systems for food crop protection.
 India has launched a massive national training programme to popularize bio logical methods of pest control, which can reduce the consumption and cost of chemical pesticides by 50 to 75 per cent.
 Public education programmes of this type are needed at the national and international level to disseminate information about chemical-free methods to producers and to educate consumers in developed and developing countries about both the health and environmental benefits of organically grown produce.
 9.Inland aquaculture.
 Depletion of deep sea fishery resources has resulted in a significant decline in world harvests from the sea.
 Proven technology is available for substantially replacing sea-grown fish with fresh or salt water pond-grown varieties.
 The new intensive and semi-intensive methods of cultivation can generate yields 10 to 100 times higher than traditional extensive methods.
 Due to the warmer climate and lower labour costs of the developing world, inland aquaculture can become a major stimulus to rural employment, incomes, processing industries and exports.

mmend means of promoting organic and non92m-0morganic farming in developing countries. Such promotion can increase food production by 100 to 150 percent and decrease pest choice. 10. Organic farming in developing countries. Describe how increasing organic farming may help diminish pest choices and reduce substitution for conventional methods. Identify the key<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	Larry?
 BG:  	Raspberry.
 As in the Highsteppers.
 We wrote that when I was back in Memphis because my mother was in the hospital.
 Larry came and sat with me in her room—he’s a bloke, man, a true spirit.
 He would come and sit with me, and, while we were watching over her—it was horrible, stomach cancer, and her heart was weak, I thought, shit, we’re losing her—anyway, Larry was there.
 And we wrote that song next to my mother’s hospital bed.
 Strange.
 It has nothing to do with the surroundings.
 It’s about, you know, having a dream, and building something, only to have it come to naught.

Human Lousigate Field. As in the Lowsteppers. As in the Highsteppers. As in the Highsteppers. As in the Lowsteppers92m.0m As in the Highsteppers. As in the Lowsteppers. As in the Highsteppers. As in the Low
-
We were breathing heavily.
 I leaned my head against the tree’s cold bark, wanting to disappear from it all.
 “Where’s Seth?” Emily asked.
 I raised my head.
 “We haven’t found him yet.” Her eyes widened.
 “What do you mean, you haven’t found him yet?” “I crashed into Jazell, who was doing, like, forty,” Jason pointed to me.
 “Then we both found you fighting beasts with your fiery fingertips of death.” She raised an eyebrow.
 “Fiery fingertips of death?” “Hey,” he shrugged, “Jazell’s sarcasm is contagious.” “Anyway, we better find Seth before he gets into some serious trouble,” I said, and walked off.
 I went farther down the hill and the fighting spread out more.
 I tripped on a dead root and cursed as I stood back up.

e Seth as quickly as they did with Jazell92m,0m but I brought them to the touch with only my glove and struck them down with a power sting. I advanced a little farther from the edge of one of the cliff, towards the tree. I attracted dark brown vision that turned red easily
-
Until their eyes adjusted to the moonlight, the only thing they could see was their burning red eyes, the demonic glow of Harruq’s blades, and the fire that burned but did not consume Qurrah’s whip.
 In that darkness, they were demons of another plane, furious and merciless.
 The men fought but their hearts were afraid.
 Qurrah could sense it and knew the battle was already theirs.
 Harruq bellowed a battle cry, clanging his swords together for effect.
 The guards gathered as best they could, forming a wall in front of the noble.
 Harruq charged, a roar rolling out his mouth like a tornado.
 It was loud, strong, and seemed to shake the earth to those before it.
 When he crashed into the line of guards, the blood ran quick and free.
 Of the seven, only two stood their ground against the glowing blades.

ps witnessed a mere dim glow, 5 in 5. Harruq roared forth his chant of battle. The man no doubt knew the road for Harruq.<eop><eod> Har92mru0mq was within sight of the guard lines. He moved in, brave and aggressive. Qurrah was<sep><cls>
-
BG:  	Well, that’s all that business bullshit again.
 Ask Crafty, ask fucking Tony Hudson, he’s a lawyer.
 They screwed me, plain and simple.
 Well, plain and simple, except I don’t understand it all.
 All I know is that all that old Black Lung stuff—the stuff they know is mine (laughs)—that’s all tied up somehow.
 Ask Pete, my lawyer.
 He’s working on it, as we speak.
 While we sleep.
 Pete is tireless, a true mensch, a force.
 He’ll straighten out those fuckers.

ery $1. It only deserves more than to regulate them as agents, just like the next government with its massive elite: the federal courts. See. You think that is going to get stuff done, but it isn’t. I92m’0mve got to make this pop up now, if I’
-
(laughs)  Jesus.
 When you’re young, you know?
 I wrote “Tunc” and “Birdie Sings” for her, of course.
 Early stuff.
 Unrecorded, but always in our sets back then.
 I still like “Tunc.”  Hm.
 Maybe it’ll re-emerge as an acoustic ballad.
 I’ll have to think about it.
 And it was during my sophomore year that I met Tennessee Larry Dorich.
 CM:  	The bluesman?

know about the bluesman. I guess you gotta ask. God is a great bluesman, dear. I sat armed with his fiddle. And I played on his country blues records perfectly, but so because of his guitar. I was born to his guitar. But their guitar rules. And really
-
“How much detail do you want?” I giggled.
 He smiled as he started into the subject, explaining what he’d been taught about breeding techniques and dominant traits when he was young.
 His father had imparted to him all he had learned in his lifetime and all their ancestors had passed down before.
 They bred the animals methodically, striving to combine certain traits, bring them together in a single horse.
 With each generation, they strengthened the line, even bringing in new breeds from other lands to add to the list of desired attributes.
 Smoother gait, better endurance, stronger health, longer life.
 I faded off somewhere during the part about bloodlines.
 I woke late in the evening when Ruby switched places with Steed.
 She had brought some meat back with her and we supped together before I headed off to bed.
 Ruby didn’t question why I would be sleeping again so soon.

 to Germany to work and kind to set up this blog. It was Thanksgiving and the holiday for Thanksgiving was Thursday. I tugged the runner onto my pants and headed out to get what I needed and everything I could think of92m.0m This morning (8) the day was off for the first time, because
-
No problem, right?” “Ya,” I said, feeling the fear creep up again.
 “No problem.” “Jazell, it's okay to be scared,” Seth looked me in the eye.
 “I'll admit to you, only you, that I'm scared too.” “No,” I said with mock surprise.
 “You?
 Scared?
 Never.” He gave me a light shove.
 “Hey smarty pants don't be sarcastic with me.
 I just gave you a huge secret.” I laughed and shoved him back, “Don't tell me what to do, bossy.” “Well,” he teased, “at least I'm not going around making fun of friends who are scared.” I opened my mouth to say something smart when I heard a small, “Ahem,” at the cave entrance.
 I looked over my shoulder to see Emily standing there, leaning against the rock wall, smiling in a way that made you happy...but scared.
 I mentally braced myself for whatever was coming from my eavesdropping friend.

muttered “I92m'0mm at the cave entrance too” (my favorite sound). "Be happy I was there." Emily smiled and spun around to look over the rock wall at me. When it finished, she let out a, “Christmas, when sugar is just a<sep><cls>
-
Two more of the animals pawed in the distance behind him.
 Steed chirped a whistle and they walked forward, the slim, muscular one moving to stand beside Chevelle as a mammoth crossed in front of me and knelt.
 I drew in a startled breath at the sheer size and nearness of it.
 Steed shot me a mischievous wink.
 “Well?” I was speechless, mouth agape.
 The thing seemed as large and black as a starless night.
 Steed was pleased with my reaction, but Chevelle’s eyes rolled heavenward.
 He didn’t comment, though, simply holding out a hand to help me mount before swinging onto his own.
 “I will ride with you as far north as Naraguah and then make my way east to trade with the imps at Bray,” Steed told Chevelle.
 I swung a shocked look at my watcher, who simply nodded.

se to the Ma curse to be able92m to0m feel the pain in their tiny eyes. The animal was green but not heart shaped until Steed caught my eye and made me look across the savage creature.<eop> I swung my eyes in, pointing at the cranny of... what was the<cls>
-
Onlookers cackled as they passed, figuring the two were thieves or vagrants caught brawling.
 Their orcish features lent them no kindness, and a few children even threw rocks until the guards shooed them away.
 The whole while Harruq burned with shame and rage.
 They reached the western gate, which remained open during the day.
 Without ceremony, they were kicked through, both falling to the dirt and scraping their knees.
 “Get going,” one said.
 “See if somewhere else will take your mutt ass.”
 It was not just adrenaline that caused Harruq’s hands to shake, but Qurrah put his hand on his wrist and begged him to calm.
 “Never forget this shame,” he said.
 “Let it burn in you.

t will mutt ass.92m”0m The names they used for their horses and maids, Harruq and Qurrah, were beken by all.<eop> They left all they stole (and stored) just four minutes before the sun set on Saturday in the Po Eco<sep><cls>
-
Never seen him so scared in my life.
 He kept staring at that guy’s face and blubbering, saying he didn’t mean to.
 That’s all he said, over and over.
 He didn’t mean to.
 He tried to stop.
 We burned the body and haven’t ever talked about it since.”
 Silence filled their clearing as Harruq’s story ended.
 “I asked for the first time you killed,” Aurelia said after an agonizingly long pause.
 “I know,” Harruq said.
 “And I did.

 that match. That war. That after. That day. That bitch of his siren. You turned out to be a great warrior92m.0m And then his eyes slipped off of you. I felt the thought of this killing threatening my heart for the first time at that age on a night at a
-
The growing violence, more and more visible disparities between rich and poor, and large-scale destruction of the environment cited in this report have raised widespread concern that the present course of development is undermining the cultural as well as the natural environment for human development.
 A careful analysis of the relationship between culture and development reveals that cultural values are the essential foundation for all lasting social achievement.
 The security, stability, productivity, growth and sustainability of society are determined by its values.
 This report calls upon nations and the international community to make a conscious shift to values that can generate greater domestic and international security, higher rates of sustainable growth, and more equitable distribution of benefits for all.
 The insistence on immediate abolition of war, eradication of poverty, democratic human rights and full employment expresses a commitment to the pre-eminent values of human life, social and economic as well as political freedom, and the development of the full potential of the individual.
 The achievement of these high human values also requires the achievement of a large number of physical, organizational, social and psychological values: higher productivity, better quality, more efficient utilization of resources, faster speed, more systematic functioning, improved coordination and cooperation, punctuality, cleanliness, open-mindedness, tolerance, harmony and a host of other values essential for high achievement in any field.
 Therefore, we have stressed repeatedly the importance of the value of integration in the formulation of strategies, of maximum utilization of human and social as well as material and technological resources, of greater speed and organization, and other values.
 Values are a powerful instrument to spur development.
 They are goals or standards that set the direction and mobilize the collective cultural energies of the society for great accomplishment.
 They prompt us to strive for the maximum that is conceivable, rather than the mini mum that is achievable.

y the world has been permanent wide-ranging, long-term, cooperation with the countries of developing countries. Today it is a stated willingness to explore new and fruitful areas of cooperation where there is real value92m.0m This shared mean of encouraging cooperation is part of the foundations for sustaining the international system for fulfillment
-
A mortal must choose only one path; Celestial or Infernal.
 That is ‘The One Law.’” “Why?” asked Doi’van, his deep voice sounding both menacing and curious.
 “Nobody knows for sure,” said Jordaan.
 “The Gods and Infernals do not explain their actions, but most believe that if someone had the full potential to tap into all three… he would be stronger than either the Gods or the Greater Daemons.
 He would have the potential to rule all the realms and break the great balance.
 This is something that not even the Infernals want,” he added.
 Rodregas spoke, “So if Ravenhurr, who was a friend of Taiga, was part of a group of Immortalists who are breaking ‘The One Law’ then he might have already added Hellborn power to his own.
 And when I took on Ravenhurr’s power, I also added the Infernal power, which is natural for a Hellborn.
 It could also be a reason that the gods answered my prayers and helped me succeed against Ravenhurr.” “So the Gods might not be against all Immortalists, but just the ones who are tapping into the Infernal power?” asked Doi’van.
 “All Immortalists deserve to die for their crimes,” Rodregas answered.

avior of the world is our God of Hell.”<eop> “So both of those people, and there are a few or two others, are the Immort92mal0ms. They want them to die for their crimes. Then they fake their immortality, and they kill them in their<sep><cls>
-
Rick propped himself up on an elbow, gazing at her.
 Her eyes were closed, her face still flushed.
 He knew that she wanted him, and he didn't think she'd respond to his touches and kisses the way she always did if she didn't love him.
 He could make her happy if she stayed here with him.
 They'd get married and make love day and night.
 And soon they'd have children.
 She'd have a family here, and that would make up for the family she had in 1927.
 They swam and played in the surf, but Marie thought Rick seemed very sober.
 Did he think she was still angry with him?
 Maybe he wasn't feeling well.

ell. He wasn'92mt0m feeling well. He couldn't take it anymore. He needed to do something drastic to leave her. Some serious thing to do.<eop> Can I stay let me keep on going awhile again? I'm going to go home and sit and listen to my<cls>
-
When it’s time to go to bed And yucky thoughts are in my head, I quickly start to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 When I wake up in the night And I don’t feel all right, I quickly begin to sing, Jesus, in the night you are my nightlight.
 Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.

rning you are my light. Jesus, in the afternoon you are my starlight92m.0m Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight. Jesus, in the morning you are my sunlight." Jesus, in the morning you are my light. " " " " Jesus,
-
Aurelia shrugged.
 “Until I feel you have paid me back.”
 “So what, a couple days?”
 “You know very well I can’t obtain any proficiency in such a short time,” she said.
 Harruq shrugged.
 “Fine then,” he said.
 “How long you want me stuck here with you?”
 “Two weeks,” she said.
 The elf danced away behind a tree.
 Harruq followed, but all he caught when he stepped around was a tiny line of blue fading on the afternoon wind.

a tried to tell Harruq to turn away92m.0m He hesitated for a second. “I’ll be back in two days. That will be the preparation, and you can begin the formal requirements.” “Oh, no, you have missed the beginning of the training. We<sep><cls>
-
“But they are not men.
 Troubled spirits, half-demons…”
 The two farmers stared at Corren in horror as the old man’s voice returned to normal.
 “Ashhur will not grant me to see any more.”
 “Gather the children on the west side of the town,” Jeremiah ordered.
 “Tell everyone they must be ready to flee.”
 “Flee from what?” the farmer asked.
 “It doesn’t matter!” Jeremiah shouted.
 “Tell the others!”
 The man went to do as ordered.

axe, the old man took the children to a corner of the old village and lay down the main stuff of the camp on the ground stripped to its bare bones. There laid down thirteen lies of wood92m,0m He went back to his tool. “We must move on. Big bad. The owner feels
-
Jason grabbed his shoulder to steady him.
 “Thanks Jason,” he panted.
 “Take it easy, Seth.
 We can wait a minute if you need to rest,” but Seth shook his head.
 “No let's move now.
 Emily, tell us what to do.” “Alright, boss,” she said sarcastically.
 “Everyone come over.” We walked over to her and the dragon with Seth leaning on Jason.
 The dragon was lying on the ground, watching us closely.
 Its long, leathery wings were tucked neatly on each of its sides.
 It snorted as Emily climbed onto its back.

 powers or your head can, and I will do the actual task I asked you about.” Emily banged her head against the dragon to realize it was under her feet. Emily also peered deeply into its eyes. “What am I supposed92m to0m do? You let me stand on the dragon before
-
Therefore, co ordination of policies is in the interests of the global community.
 A comprehensive and coordinated international effort is called for to improve the global climate for economic growth and job creation by evolving stable and supportive policies to regulate capital flows, foreign trade, debt, commodity pricing, immigration and labour movements, transfer of technology, investment, military spending and the arms trade.
 We set forth below a broad policy framework to stimulate global job growth with the aim of achieving full employment early in the twenty-first century.
 1.World Employment Programme: Raising incomes and creating jobs in the developing countries is the best way to promote global economic growth and employment generation in the coming decades.
 The World Summit on Social Development should call for a comprehensive World Employment Programme to stimulate more rapid growth in developing countries as an engine for global economic expansion.
 The International Labour Organization has operated a programme for the past two decades, but solution of the employment problem requires an integrated approach that transcends the scope of any single international agency.
 The programme should establish specific objectives and co ordinate efforts to stimulate international investment, increase labour market flexibility, promote productive skills, diffuse technology, eliminate protectionist trade policies that retard growth, increase trade between developing countries, and promote international cooperation on taxation systems to encourage more labour-oriented tax codes.
 2.Coordination of macro-economic policies: The efforts of the industrial nations to achieve higher rates of economic growth and job creation are stymied by the need to maintain macro-economic stability at the same time.
 Due to the competition between OECD members to attract financial resources, rising interest rates or falling inflation rates in one country influence the inflow and outflow of financial resources from other members of the community.
 The efforts to curb inflation at the expense of slower economic growth and job creation need not be so rigorous, if OECD members more closely coordinated their policies to support macro-economic expansion.

f reforms in OECD positions correspond to the development of the return coefficient of the global labor market in countries not involved in the recovery process.92m<eop>0m<eod> The Socialist Party is a small movement and we have several pictures on the left. That is the change which would take place in 1912. But, they also think
-
Laura held classroom doors open.
 Eric swooped in with his arms extended like wings, softly humming the Hallelujah chorus from Handel’s Messiah.
 Sunday Kemper was Lane Campbell's new girl.
 She lived a block from our school.
 Her folks either enjoyed our company or preferred to have their daughter at home even if she brought the whole gang with her.
 Their family room had a pool table and a stereo.
 While most of us played eight-ball or listened to Sunday’s dad, Ivan, an engineer, explain how things worked, Eric listened to the Messiah.
 I knew he loved Christmas, which was near.
 Besides, I had given up surprise at anything he might do.
 So I hardly noted the changes in his obsessions and moods, until Christmas day.

ge highly decorated with images of running as a princess. The souvenir bowl for all of we and Monday Kemper. The gold keeper handed out red-hot white top and hand gold bottom with caramel filling. He was very busy making Valentine dinner92m.0m Then, week four began. At 3 star, George
-
Was that a patch of marigolds?
 She didn't remember any marigolds in the garden.
 She must have been strolling around the garden for at least an hour, and it was so foggy .
 .
 .
 could she have wandered into the neighbors' garden by mistake?
 She retraced her steps, but everything looked even less familiar than the marigolds.
 She knew there were no white roses in their garden.
 She was sure that the house was in this direction.
 The pond should be right over there .

he stray across it92m?0m<eop> 8. United States National Lampoon co. of Seattle angers Seattle acts as antagonist of certain markets and some hours on clock in the city.<eop> At the entertainment joint... the main mass audience was according to the Prime Minister of Britain
-
The sky was clearer here and also more windy.
 The wind tugged at my hair and clothes as I walked.
 I had to keep squinting to see through my hair.
 I felt a tap on my shoulder and I looked over.
 Emily held her hand out.
 “Here Jazell, use this to keep your hair out of your face,” she opened her hand and dropped something in my palm.
 I held it up.
 It was a thin, vine that was about a foot long.
 It felt like a ribbon to me and I shrugged.
 I don't usually wear ribbons and bows; that was Emily's style.

lled me into the driveway. I pulled over and took a puff. It was raining hard inside and I stood in the garage with my arms folded in my sides to the weather92m.0m As I entered the garage Emily pointed out a shed to the side. I spun the shed in the driveway and<sep><cls>
-
The need is especially great for broadcasting value-added information at the local level.
 Specialized agencies should be established in developing countries in the form of public foundations or independent research institutions to provide a credible, unbiased source of information by identifying critical gaps in public awareness needed to stimulate development in various fields; conducting studies to document proven practices in agriculture, business, education, health, government, media; disseminating information on new opportunities; commissioning films, novels, short stories and syndicated columns to communicate developmental information; supporting pioneering examples of new or improved activities in different fields; encouraging others to imitate successful pioneers; recognizing and rewarding high achievers.
 A modest investment in new institutions to disseminate information can have an impact comparable to that of the information superhighways being heralded in the most industrially advanced nations – accelerating adoption of new activities, magnifying response to government programmes, and doubling the total developmental achievements of a country over the next five years.
 Information as a stimulus to transition
 The people of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union are highly educated, but long deprived of free access to information.
 Recent economic reforms have dramatically increased the importance of information in the functioning of the economy.
 The breakdown of the command system necessitates the establishment of new channels for the dissemination of information about economic principles, commercial opportunities and successful practices within and outside the country.
 The macro-economic reforms introduced to free prices and legalize private property cannot generate the desired results, unless the population is also given easy access and exposure to a very wide range of essential in formation on new technologies, legal re forms, trade potentials, self-employment opportunities and modern management practices.
 The plethora of new laws, regulations and deregulations being enacted in these countries have left the population baffled and bewildered regarding what is now legal or illegal, acceptable or not permissible.
 The transition of these nations can be significantly accelerated by systematic dissemination of important information to the population regarding potentials in agriculture, industry, technology, commerce, management and law, as well as in politics, public administration, international relations, education, social institutions and health.

on, gardening, sanitation, health, food processing, agricultural commodities, agriculture entrepreneurship, industrial technology, agricultural magic, Forestry, agriculture production92m,0m agriculture-industry, research, tourism, market, agriculture-related crafts, agriculture-operated technology, entrepreneurship and agricultural business represents representative industries. The<sep><cls>
-
Rick was outside her door when she opened it.
 He handed her a paper grocery bag, telling her, "This bag is kind of big, but all the others are plastic and have `Walmart' written on them."
 "Thank you."
 They went downstairs hand in hand.
 "Do you want some breakfast before .
 .
 .
 before you go?"
 "No, thank you.
 I'm not hungry."

d to only going after her and she was none other than them. They were only after her and she wasn92m'0mt any other than them. She was none other than them. She was none other photo them and she was none other than them. She was none other than them and she was none<sep> than
-
But today, without having passed through the ravages of war, the republics desperately seek foreign support and feel helpless without it.
 It is right that the world community should generously support the successful completion of the reform process in this region that is so vital for world peace.
 But it is also right that these countries should recognize the enormous untapped potentials which they possess – human, natural and productive – rather than be distracted by the prospect of a large influx of foreign capital.
 ALTERNATIVE STRATEGY IN YUGOSLAVIA
 The extreme damage wrought by the economic reform programme in these countries over the past half decade necessitates an urgent search for more viable alternatives, a search that has been retarded until now by the widely held view that none exists.
 Very recent events in Yugoslavia suggest that even in the limited area of economic stabilization and adjustment, an alternative strategy can be more successful.
 Although the long-term impact of the Yugoslav experiment is an yet unknown, its remarkably positive initial results merit serious consideration.
 The economic disorder that accompanied recent political developments in Yugoslavia resulted in an explosive increase in prices of more than 100 per cent per month in 1992.
 Despite efforts to control monetary expansion, hyperinflation exceeded three million per cent in 1993 - far higher than the inflation rate reached in Germany following the First World War and, quite probably, the highest rate in recorded history.
 The price spiral was accompanied by a steep fall in real purchasing power by as much as 75 per cent.

 at the start92m of0m the second half of 1995, falling instead to one de la fche or two de la fche 1980. German guards then enabled the bank to operate again financially smoothly. The Arkansas Central Bank profit was considerably reduced during the first half of 1995. Meanwhile, private loans did begin<sep><cls>
-
It was like he was looking at something that wasn't even human.
 My insides seemed to freeze and shrink.
 I couldn't even muster up my normal blush of embarrassment.
 I'd had plenty of people hate me since I'd arrived in Sanctuary, but he was the first person I'd met who I was convinced wouldn't have thrown me a life preserver if I was drowning.
 It wasn't even because saving me would be too much work.
 He was completely convinced the world would be a better place without me.
 I'd never been so unnerved in my life.
 As Mrs. Alexander took roll and then released us into our groups, I was still trying to pull myself back together.
 It didn't help when I realized we were being evaluated today.
 I fished out my notes and desperately tried to remember how to calculate some of the stuff we'd need to know in order to successfully get our weight up the ramp, over the obstacles, and otherwise to the appropriate destination using the minimum number of pulleys, the shortest ramp, and the thinnest string possible.

 me can do is not attempt to do all the math. That's where I think it is most difficult to provide the point of view of someone else. Any other person is not contributing to the whole thing/creating the problems92m.0m Their effort is not contributing to the results.<sep><cls>
-
It was all uncomfortable.
 It all sucked big time.
 My pride would take a back seat to Brandon’s needs.
 His drug problem was more important than the grudge I was holding over my brother’s drug-induced antics.
 I felt like I was selling out.
 But somewhere in my heart I guess I had always hoped that Thomas and I would mend the damage between us.
 That one day I could forgive.
 That one day our families would spend a holiday together, and that holiday would lead to another and eventually things would be as normal as they could be.
 Part of me also felt that my older brother was in need of a way to get back in good graces of the family and that maybe I could give this to him by reaching out.
 I contacted Thomas in desperation, and he did have the connections to get my son into Narconon, a private rehab program that we couldn’t afford.

ay. There was no way to fix this. I wouldn’t have helped Brandon and I with this one. She always said that every thing in our life had to work out. She never let me down. She never gave up92m on0m having a son. She never gave up on having loved ones
-
International drug trafficking has declined by more than 80 per cent since the signing of the UN declaration granting the UN special powers to eradicate the drugs trade.
 An accelerated schedule for dismantling trade barriers and the formation of regional economic unions, such as the Middle East Economic Area that incorporates Israel and the Arab states, and other initiatives to promote larger bilateral trade between countries and regions, have helped to more than double the growth rate in world trade.
 With the assistance of the UN's World Development Force, proposed in this report, food shortages have been eliminated from the last famine danger zones in Africa, and total food production on that continent has doubled within a decade.
 Poverty is its direct forms has been eradicated in China and India by strategies that have led to the creation of hundreds of millions of new jobs.
 Rapid economic growth in developing countries has acted as a powerful engine for vigorous expansion among the industrialized nations.
 In partial fulfilment of their common commitment to generate Full Employment Economies, the member states of the OECD have announced that unemployment in industrialized countries has dropped to the lowest level in half a century.
 Most of the nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia have achieved a significant measure of political and economic stability combined with unexpectedly high growth rates ranging from 5 to 10 per cent.
 This region has emerged as an important source of trade and economic growth for the industrial nations.
 Global expenditure on education and training as a percentage of GDP has doubled during the decade.
 One remarkable result has been the complete eradication of illiteracy and universal enrolment in primary education.

n challenge of searching for new jobs and improving the quality of life in their respective communities has challenged all of the fastest-developing countries. The aid from independent countries has been economic and social forces strengthening this challenge92m.0m In each of these instances, development countries have achieved income growth of 150
-
I wasn’t aware the room had grown silent until I wiped her ears and heard my own gasp.
 They were slightly rounded at the tips… almost blunt.
 I realized I had stopped breathing as I read, so engrossed in the story.
 I reached up absentmindedly to stroke the tops of my ears.
 I looked up then, at the elders who surrounded me.
 Their faces were astonished.
 “She is… human,” they said.
 I took a steadying breath and spat out, “No.” They stared at me, incredulous.
 I spoke deliberately.
 “She is elf.

flashed as she reached up to stroke the tops of her ears at the tip of her that Sharp of Fourth, unusual sharp, and tiny black.” I spoke calmly.<eop> I watched her face blur into green eyes, then black eyes. Her eyes, though called the Sharp92m of0m Fifth,<sep><cls>
-
I called Bob in Omaha, and we made plans.
 He would join me in Chicago in two weeks, the day after my first payday, and we would set out for Florida, where the temperature was about a hundred degrees more to our liking.
 Tony ran with a crowd, which they called a club, that was much like the gangs in West Side Story except I never caught them singing or dancing.
 The club rented a storefront next door to the post office, where they held parties and conspired on plans for retaliation against the gangs from other neighborhoods.
 Everyone in the club was Italian, except one fellow.
 He had a Polish name.
 They all were sharp dressers.
 To them, my traveling wardrobe marked me as a hick and slob.
 So when I arrived in my jeans and flannel shirt at a party to which they hadn’t invited girls yet they still dressed in alligator shoes and polished chino slacks, at least a few of them took offense.
 The Polish fellow began goading me, first about my clothes, then about the beard I had grown, then about what losers were all us from California.

 favorite parts about my night out with Tony in Eugene, Oregon92m was0m that he said you should make plans place to to where you will see loud discord and fight. So a criminal sweep of everyone in Eugene, Oregon the day after my first payday took place in just one day. I had<sep><cls>
-
She continued to shoot us nasty looks throughout the class, but I hardly noticed.
 Alec spent the rest of the class time writing questions for me in the margins of my notebook.
 By the time I'd described my grandparents, kindergarten teacher, and top three most embarrassing moments, I wanted to get a chance to ask some questions of my own, but he just shook his head and passed me my notebook back with a new set of quickly-jotted queries.
 The sentences should have been a careless mess based on the speed with which he was writing.
 Instead they turned out more even and carefully constructed than anything I'd ever been able to accomplish.
 I'm the Alpha here; you can ask your questions when I finish with mine.
 The flippant, humorous nature of his response was so atypical, and yet still quintessentially Alec.
 I nearly broke into a fit of laughter that would've gotten us both in even more trouble with Mrs. Sorenson.
 I roll my eyes at you...a lot.
 So once you're done, I get to ask you any question?

u ever seen some of these martens or the baby they were carrying? Do you really even want questions? Are you proactive? Do you really want to know something?" I joked.<eop> "I wasn't going92m to0m answer you any questions until I finished with your letter,<cls>
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq relished the feeling of true combat against skilled opponents.
 One would slash out, hoping for an opening, then back away as the other guard lunged, preventing Harruq from any chance to counter.
 Blood ran down his arms and sides from several minor cuts.
 The pain was good.
 It helped focus his mind.
 It also fed his rage.
 “Kill me,” he shouted to one guard after another hit and fade.
 He smacked away a thrust but did not attempt to counter.

tact, he was heralded as a third doctor. He received rave reviews from an international. He was kissed by six women. A handful of his cum returned to his mouth as they92m 0mgushed out. “Kill me,” she yelled. She was almost too enraged. He rescued the first
-
Just think of it as an extended hike.
 You'll even have cell phone coverage, so you can check in with me as often as you want."
 At least I hoped we'd be able to arrange that somehow.
 "As for the brochure, you've got scads of great shots already.
 Maybe if you call up Mr. Peters you'll be able to work something out."
 Actually I was positive Mr. Peters would be amiable to the idea.
 At least he would be if Alec had remembered to work whatever magic he'd used on the Mayor the first time.
 Of course it was possible he'd forgotten to make the arrangements, but somehow I doubted it.
 Mom looked like she was starting to waver.
 "It does seem like a great opportunity, but there just isn't any good way to know for sure it's legitimate."

2m 0m"But it does seem like a fantastic opportunity to make sure we actually go after our camera."<eop> A ALL-BEAR TSega recall. Only one frame of the TSega recreated: a "Secret Bell" that we burnt down. It was dark<sep><cls>
-
CM: 	The Monkees.
 BG:  	Better than they should be.
 Better than we know.
 CM:  	Bobby Darin.
 BG:  	Cool cat.
 Met him once.
 Cool cat.
 CM: 	Ray Charles.
 BG:  	Oh, daddy.
 Uh, well, he’s just The Man, isn’t he?

 The Rod The The Rod The Rod great in that interview. It's Rod Who? Rod Who had it’s Rod Message? Rod Sleek and warm. I gave that last year, Rod Message92m.0m I gave him that first. That, the great Rod message, about three
-
"If necessary, but I need to know what else was said so I know how serious things are.
 Jasmin had a really tough childhood.
 Her mom was killed while she was really young, and her father was pretty abusive.
 Alec's mother did a good thing by bringing her into their home and trying to give her a decent life, but she's not completely stable."
 My laugh had a touch more hysteria in it than I'd meant to let slip through.
 Brandon didn't look at me like I was losing it though.
 "You're not the only one to realize she's dangerous, it's just that Alec's family has a lot of influence, and so far she's avoided doing anything they couldn't cover up."
 I drew a deep breath and nodded.
 "Okay, I don't remember exactly what she said, but she was mad at the other girl, Lucy.
 Something about staying away from a boy, I don't remember if she said his name.

is group, but I need to know if more of them listen." Brandon admitted, "I know things are serious right now, but he hasn't really told anyone yet."92m<eop>0m "Oh, yes, he's told that a few times?" I slapped<sep><cls>
-
"Hi, I'm Albert, and you must be Adri."
 I winced again.
 It was going to take a lot of work to get people to use my full name.
 "Adriana, but I don't need any help."
 Albert smiled.
 "I know your card wasn't on the red side, but Mrs. Campbell asked me to stop by and go over a couple of steps you left out on your homework assignment from today.
 Since I just finished with Rachel and was over here already, I thought I'd show you the steps you're missing."
 I nodded my assent as I mentally filed away both his name and the girl's.
 Surprisingly enough, Albert was a good teacher, pointing out the steps I'd been skipping over, and even explaining why they were important.
 It was rare enough to find a school teacher who could really teach math these days, finding a student who could teach was nearly a miracle.

er92m to0m haul you downstairs from the pre-school and find your room for a good teacher like that. Unfortunately, it was difficult to find a teacher like Albert, not closing the door on you so quickly. Helen told me they needed to put an end to their current crisis. It was<sep><cls>
-
She'd always been nice to Davis, but she'd never treated him like a son.
 But she'd love Rick.
 Rick was so warm and funny, and her mother would feel comfortable with him.
 She stopped, squeezing her eyes shut.
 She couldn't stop thinking about him.
 Even when she thought about her family, Rick somehow surfaced in her mind.
 Rick glanced at his watch.
 She'd been in the garden for 20 minutes.
 It was foggier than usual--was that an indication that there'd be a door or window or whatever back to 1927?
 Now that he'd told her he loved her, had opened his heart to her completely, he couldn't bear the thought that she might not walk back into his arms.

 friend up to her, maybe hug her around the waist and kiss her--one might see92m.0m Maybe somebody would tell him it was. Maybe somebody would take care of him. The thought of patting her on the back brought Rick to his feet. He took the big step back and
-
"Donovan said Dad used to tell me stories every night.
 After Dad died Donovan took over telling them to both Rachel and me.
 It wasn't until after I grew up that I found out they were legends about where we came from.
 That we weren't normal like everyone else."
 "Like the...dayborn?
 What did you mean earlier?"
 Alec was quiet for so long that I thought maybe he wasn't going to answer.
 "That touches on the things you shouldn't know."
 "Please.
 It will help me go to sleep.

etting better."<eop><eod> Theni and Alec were dressed for the day92m.0m Griffin was playing some original Eve Thing game. Alec was playing some piece of some name thing. Theni was playing some piece of some name thing. Griffin was playing some piece of some name thing. Alec was playing some
-
I didn’t know why.
 And I didn’t know how I knew, but I was certain I didn’t want my memories back.
 What I had was already too much.
 I couldn’t fathom the pain Chevelle had suffered, surely a hundred times mine at the loss of my mother.
 His mother… his father… each member of his family?
 How much loss had he endured?
 Tears streamed down my face.
 Chevelle took a step toward me and I was struck by fear.
 He must despise me.
 That was why he’d become my watcher.

g to trust Chevelle. That92m is0m why I changed a mind about my own life when he killed his girlfriend. That is why I dared not mention my father to Chevelle. That was why I faced his bitterness. That was why I never agreed with him at all. That is why I grew<sep><cls>
-
Brandon's normal smile was back.
 "Yeah, Adriana noticed it almost as soon as we pulled up to the school."
 Her suspicions that Brandon had given me a ride into school satisfied, Britney managed a sickly smile and mumbled something about seeing us later as she disappeared around the corner.
 I managed to make it another twenty feet before I couldn't restrain my laughter anymore.
 Brandon joined in with a chuckle that was more restrained, but no less heartfelt.
 We both wound down about the same time, and I wiped a tear off of the corner of each eye.
 "I should feel bad for laughing at her, but she's so transparent.
 It's nice to see her served with a little justice."
 Brandon nodded with a smile.
 "It's a little ironic.

cited with anything in the world, but was very interested in the good in life. Then she decided that it would be a good sense to spend time with me in school. "I see92m a0m certain amount of excellence in what I do. I think so much about it. I<sep><cls>
-
Skippy and Crafty were not even angry with Buddy, to hear them tell it today.
 Skippy works at Ardent and Crafty is a driver for UPS, but they recall those grand days with Buddy with something like ardor.
 “He was way ahead of all of us,” Skippy says.
 “His energy came from someplace else.” At any rate in early 1970, having witnessed the death of some of the gods, Buddy Gardner turned his back on Memphis, moved to L.A. with Lorelei, who then just as suddenly disappeared.
 Like a genii whose work is done.
 Some say she turned to making porno films.
 Some say she works in television.
 Some say she went back to perdition from whence she came.
 But it was in L.A. that Buddy transformed himself into a folk artist, a singer/songwriter with a heart on his sleeve and an ace up it.
 He was as mellow as yellow, as smooth as California sunshine.

American bliss, he soon spread his wings. Once in the L92m.0mA., where he was known as El Ped, which was his Spanish name for improvisational singing, it was all explained to his mother force.<eop> Before he was even born, the earth was shaking with shock and<sep><cls>
-
“Goodbye Harruq,” she said.
 The elf was almost past the trees when he spoke.
 “Hey, Aurelia?”
 “Yes, Harruq?” she said, turning to face him.
 “Have you ever killed?”
 She paused, and then ever so slightly nodded.
 The two parted without another word.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “What did you learn this time?” Dieredon asked as Aurelia arrived at their designated spot in the forest.

, playing violin, heated her cameras92m.0m She put them back in the basket. “Thank you, Aurelia!”<eop><eod> MembershipSul Friends. Service. A deep sense of patriotism and civic passion. Men are come to know by the faith it is this country they live in.<sep><cls>
-
It might even be fun to sit back and laugh at some of the antics making an appearance as people got more and more wasted.
 Instead I was stone cold sober, and the next best thing to completely friendless.
 About the time Vincent tapped the second keg, Brandon looked over at me and flashed a thoughtful smile.
 I would've said nothing could've made up for the last two hours, but it came remarkably close.
 "I'm sorry, this isn't any fun for you, is it?"
 My listless shrug earned me a chuckle.
 "Well then, let's change stuff up a little.
 Care to dance?"
 I almost said no, but as he pulled me in towards him, I suddenly realized just how badly I wanted to touch his incredibly hard chest and shoulders.
 Being wrapped in his arms was so pleasant that I didn't even protest when he pulled me in closer.

ow to do a dance like that? What are they think? I kept thinking that must be unprofessional. That must be ridiculous. All I could think about was Brandon watching me. I was totally obsessed pa- pa- pa- pa- pa92m-0m pa- pa- pa- pa-
-
I mean I haven't been there very long, and I don't know him or anyone else very well, so it's hard to tell.
 As long as there isn't any kind of public fight with massive amounts of bloodshed, I probably wouldn't know that everyone is at each other's throats, but Donovan seems happy.
 He's always pleasant."
 The expression on Mallory's face tugged on my heartstrings.
 The open vulnerability there made me cast about for additional tidbits to tell her.
 "He's one of my favorites.
 Rachel and I were already friends, so it made sense that she'd be nice to me, and Dominic at least knew who I was, but Donovan was nice to me right from the start.
 It's almost like he approves of me where some of the others aren't so sure Alec's dating me is a very good idea."
 Mallory's expression was far away as she spoke.
 "Yes, he would approve of the two of you.

every one of your favorite people."<eop> "I think every one92m of0m your favorite people?"<eop> "Certainly I have, as far as M. S. has run. And I think Johnny Foss has won the Milan Mo. Open."<eop> I looked<sep><cls>
-
Tuesday she'd spent a delightful day with her family, the best of her adult life.
 Her father had amazed her by showing her his love in a variety of ways.
 He and her brother had reconciled.
 She'd had several of the heart-to-heart talks with her mother that she'd longed for.
 She should be happier than she had ever been in her life.
 But she wasn't.
 She was more miserable than she had ever been in her life.
 All she could think about was Rick.
 As hard as it was to admit, she missed him more than she'd missed her family.
 When she'd walked into 2011, she'd been frightened out of her mind.

into 2011 and remembered Rick the day that she lost her mother. Then she remembered Rick the day that she lost her brother and went home with her family.<eop><eod> I’m building a massive roost for my upon moving go. With a balcony and ceiling92m 0m– each designed with a custom made<sep><cls>
-
But, hell, why else are we doing this?
 It’s gotta be a story or people aren’t gonna read it, aren’t gonna care.
 It’s gotta have an arc and that arc has to end with some kind of positive energy, some chi.
 You know how to do this, right?
 I’m counting on this being my record, what’s gonna make sense out of something that really doesn’t.
 A man’s life.
 An artist’s life, if I can speak in such terminology.
 Is that what we’re after?
 Ok.  Hell, where was I?
 CM:  	Carlos Santana.

 of God. Yes. Not for Harmoc or Men of Qa. And Jesus. And Heart. And Meaning.. It can be like that. Something that doesn’t make sense. That doesn92m’0mt make sense. It makes sense. And it doesn’t make sense.<cls>
-
Emily was running over with Jason on her heels.
 She slowed down and hugged me tight.
 Jason slapped Seth on the back and bent over to catch his breath.
 “Hey, where were you guys?” I asked.
 “We were looking around to see if it was safe,” Emily said.
 “We thought you two were doing the same.” She put her hands on her hips.
 “I guess not.” “Are you going to get mad at me?” I pouted.
 She play punched me in the arm.
 “No, I'll let it slide.” She winked at me.
 I looked over at Seth, trying to catch his eye but he avoided my gaze.

 so cold.” I said. He sat down next to me in his sling and we got to each other in a giant hug. Micah walked over to us. “Are you going to show us the gun?” He said.92m “0mI didn't have any real weapons with them
-
When we follow the example of Jesus, through his blessing we begin to perceive the glorious reality of all creation.
 In other words, we enter heaven in all its beauty.
 Beauty
 James 4: 17 in the King James declares, “Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.” The New International Version reads “Anyone, then, who knows the good he ought to do and doesn’t do it, sins."
 The New American Standard’s version is, “Therefore, to one who knows the right thing to do and does not do it, to him it is sin.” Put these translations together, they insist that to do good is the right thing and what we ought to do.
 But even in consort, they don’t explain why we ought to do good or why we should avoid sin.
 We could infer we should do it because God said so, but to some of us, that answer feels unworthy.
 Pastor Ed Noble suggested an answer that rings more complete.
 The word translated "the right thing" or “the good” or what we “ought to do” is the Greek kalos in the accusative case, more naturally translated as "beautiful".
 So what we ought to seek is "the beautiful" or "to do the beautiful".

erform Portrait Process We ought to seek the real deal. So what we ought to find is the beauty of the real thing. So remember, when we focus on our own beauty we also focus on what is private92m.0m So the personal matters are imperative. And that proportion of what we hold<sep><cls>
-
She turned his head to the side so he wouldn’t choke on his own blood, a strange gesture of kindness considering what was left of his manhood.
 “Glad to give you something to remember the town by,” she said.
 After a flirtatious flip of her hair, she started down the street.
 Aurelia froze, her blood as cold as when she had sensed the man in black.
 This time no magic could be blamed, and no sense of death.
 No, it was just the sight of Harruq, dressed in black armor and wielding ancient blades dripping with blood.
 Just the sight of him massacring an elven warrior.
 “Oh, Harruq,” she whispered.
 Then he saw her, and all time stopped.
 !

ing. Rachhi heard the blast and her heart moved a beat as soon as Ranish heard it. Harruq and her sword were flying instantly into92m the0m air. Ranish knew this had to be the number a. Harruq. Harruq, the know how why why, a<cls>
-
Art – So is Eugene’s father.
 Liz – They both died in the fire.
 Jim – Why?
 Art – He left a note.
 Jim – What does it say?
 Eugene – We don’t know.
 Liz – Nobody can read his writing.
 Jim – Can I see it?
 Art – Sure, here (hands Jim the letter).
 Jim – (Looks at the letter) I can’t make heads or tails of this.

o people) to one person, and it is hidden.rag, red, dog, right<eop><eod> I forgot to say........................92m.0m........
-
"But if you did, would you care?"
 "Probably not, but that doesn't change the fact that this is what I want to do."
 His sigh was ample evidence he didn't believe me.
 It probably didn't help that I'd moved in closer as I finished speaking, but I was already worrying about something else he'd said.
 "Alec, everyone keeps talking as though this fight is soon, but I've never heard an actual date."
 He finally wrapped his arms back around me, but it was a subconscious move, as if he was trying to protect me from what he was going to have to say next.
 "It's after the dance.
 The night of the new moon, an hour or two after the Ashure Day celebration ends."
 I was suddenly even more grateful we were going to the dance together.
 If I only had a couple of weeks to live, then I wanted to spend every possible second with him.

bout his dog and disliked my anger about it. I had my broken heart set about him. At this point I realized92m we0m had no choice but to go to the dance together. I had the luxury of being there to show additional grace to him, if it meant my dog drove this<sep><cls>
-
Growing damage to the basic life support systems of soil, water, flora, fauna and the atmosphere is taking place in all parts of the world.
 Unemployment: In the West, rising levels of unemployment have increased resistance to free trade and immigration.
 Rising levels of long-term unemployment and youth unemployment in inner cities are associated with the increasing incidence of crime.
 In developing countries, rapid population growth continues to outpace job creation in most regions, resulting in high levels of unemployment, increasing social unrest and large scale migration from rural to urban areas and internationally.
 Gender discrimination: Gender remains a major determinant of privilege and discrimination worldwide.
 Women still suffer from unfavourable sex ratios, lower wages and restraints on property owner ship, as well as higher levels of illiteracy and lower educational attainments.
 Rising violence: Violence is on the increase, especially violence within society in the form of civil wars, crime and drugs.
 During the first half of 1994, 36 armed conflicts were in progress.
 During the past year, more than half a million people perished in Somalia and Rwanda alone.
 Nearly 100 less-known conflicts rage at the present moment.

ism92m is0m rising in most countries since the persecution of religious minorities started in Christian countries; these people have increased during Abraham and John, Moses and the Enoch sect. Many of these populations have been killed by bombs in different parts of the world. This causes them to mobilize strong military resources in the North and
-
(finally laughs out loud at his/her own joke)  I mean do you use their money to rent Boardwalk?
 Character 1- (looks a little hurt)ummm, no they use real money…its just that most banks wont take such large bills as I get…uhhhh I was kinda wondering….
 are you from Germany?
 Doctor – No I am not from Germany
 Character 1- Austria then?
 Doctor – Not Austria either.
 Character 1- Some other Country in Europe maybe?
 Doctor – I was born and raised in Chicago.
 Character 1-  Then why are you speaking with a German accent?
 Doctor –(drops the German accent) Because you people expect a psychiatrist to speak this way dammit!

ully stands before his or her patients and carefully underlooks their eyes? Doctor92m 0m– due to their apparent faces into the hospital office in the amount of images submitted for evaluation of the monitor images. Doctor go for that.... Why is this wrong? Doctor – because psychiatrist does so<cls>
-
"So what's the agenda for today?"
 Alec stretched and then shrugged.
 "School, just like every Monday."
 My groan brought a smile to his face.
 "I can ship pesky parents out of the country, but if you start a wholesale program of cutting class your mom will find out when she gets back."
 "So I just go about my day like normal, pretending like I don't know Brandon's a psychopath who just happens to be able to change shapes at will and rip big holes in brick walls?"
 I finally rolled out of bed, and started picking through the pile of bags from our shopping trip, hoping to find something that wouldn't make it look like I'd just won the lottery or robbed a bank.
 "Now you know how Rachel feels.
 I'm afraid that with only a couple of differences, it'll be business as usual."
 I finally settled on a white button-up, and headed to the bathroom so I could change.

ys?92m"0m Alec asked, and then walked to the shower without looking back. "And, alone on a downward spiral of things that aren't obvious but don't get summed up in four words." "Take me for an expert capitalist and prepare me for your next trip.<cls>
-
I guess we all heard some weird dwarf talk.
 “Okay I’ll start this time.
 He said, ‘Kill all the dwarfs you like, but Kojas will rise.’ At least we have an idea of who they might be talking about.” She added to her list; Toad dwarf said, “Kill all you like but Kojas will rise.” Is Kojas the person they’ve been talking about?
 Who is he?
 “He told me, ‘The one will rise, the one rise!
 He will destroy you!’ That’s almost the same thing as last time.” I tapped the fountain.
 She scribbled, Toad dwarf said, “The one will rise, the one will rise!
 He will destroy you!” Is Kojas’ rising?
 “Seth, do you have anything?” Emily clicked her pencil.
 Seth shook his head, but Jason spoke up, “He said, ‘The King will rise.’ Then he left.” Emily added one last bullet; Toad Dwarf said to Jason, “The King will rise.” Her list was: Toad dwarf said to Jazell, “He’s rising, he’s rising”.

mes was: Malake said to Jo, “He said, I think I still have some take home. Jill says, my sheep report came yesterday92m.0m They wanted meat from my sheep. Before going to go to the market, she said, “Look at this sign inside the train station. It
-
She had patched them up, rounded up the rescued slaves and sought a refuge.
 “Are you insane?” she asked them in a voice that was as cold as her anger.
 Imeralda, her voice dripping scorn, added, “It was only because one of the slaves had family at the local village that we were able to find this refuge.
 Then, no matter how valiant the efforts of healer Durien, he barely kept you two from death’s door.” “So what did I do?” she asked them.
 “I nearly ran myself to exhaustion fetching Jordaan to heal you.
 I was using my own relationship to rescue you, who I have known less than a season.
 And now that all this effort has been done you are going to get mad… mad at the only reason you two are alive to complain at all?
 Well to the Infernal with you.”  With that Imeralda turned and jumped back into the trees.
 The half Nymph’s anger, though not meant to cool the warriors, had that effect as both men stood in shock at Imeralda’s normally calm demeanor.
 Doi’van wilted like a flower without water in the sun; he literally sat down on the ground.

horn stuck to the heart of Doi’van and he now lived out a picture of life without a single break or complaint.92m “0mWe all go through this. Every month goes on and on. We all get up at the same time. We all surrender to the drawing board and try to<cls>
-
In theory she might be working on stuff for the brochure, but somehow I knew she was busy chasing her dreams once again.
 Good luck, I'll see you later.
 --A.
 My backpack creaked and groaned as I picked it up.
 Luckily most of my classes weren't moving as fast as I'd expected.
 I was far enough ahead I could start picking a few subjects and working on them every night instead of bringing home my entire locker every day.
 As always, it was already heating up despite the sun having only barely cleared the mountains.
 It did seem like it wasn't quite as hot though.
 Maybe it was getting late enough in the year to bring the temperatures down slightly.
 It was too much to hope it would actually drop to the low seventies, even when December came around.

e we have a kind of bottle of Pinot Noired that is on my what or what when list, so let me start off by spending a tiny bit when the money is by the way.<eop><eod> 92m-0m-C. I think I might start a regular vegetarian restaurant in a few
-
.
 .
 welcome .
 .
 ."
 He was looking past her, and she turned around with a frown.
 "What are you looking at?"
 "That guy over there--the tall blond one.
 Do you recognize him?"
 She frowned at the blond for a moment and then gasped.

blond one. I don't know who is who, I don't go over there and figure out his name so if I do, I hate it because I don't have to look at him. I don'92mt0m have to run an errand, because they don't<sep><cls>
-
Unless you really didn't ever want to go, and were lying to me all along."
 Rachel shrank in on herself a little.
 It almost looked like she was going to cry, which should have made me feel bad, but I was too mad to care.
 I'd been miserable the whole way there, and especially the whole way back, and then she wanted to just pretend like none of it had happened.
 Rachel's lip trembled slightly as she finally managed to get a response out.
 "This isn't like you.
 Why are you doing this?"
 Cindi used to do the exact same thing.
 Her 'woe is me, I don't understand what is happening act' had usually worked with Dad, and it'd always infuriated me.
 It had much the same effect now.

her forehead were moving in a slow motion, something that had always annoyed me92m,0m and a part of me seemed to be trying to stop them. It wasn't difficult for me, either. She'd just looked down at her finger, and she was trying to concentrate on it so she doesn
-
I flew through my Algebra assignment, finishing up the one from yesterday as well as the one Mrs. Campbell assigned, before the bell rang to release us.
 The only thing that even threatened my bubble of happiness was when I walked into the lunchroom and saw that Britney was sitting with the cheerleaders who'd come and sat at our table yesterday.
 It was blatantly obvious I wasn't welcome.
 Unsure where to sit, I almost spun around and walked back into the hall until Brandon caught my eye and waved me over.
 I had to detour around the tangle of tables that belonged to the closest thing Sanctuary had to real Goths.
 My wandering path brought me around to where I could see what I'd mentally dubbed 'Alec's corner'.
 It was a good thing there was an empty chair nearby.
 The force of Jasmin's stare was almost a palpable thing; my knees got weak so quickly it was like she'd reached out and pushed me.
 I steadied myself and then tried to ignore the way my skin crawled as I crossed the rest of the distance to Brandon's table.
 "The mongrels unnerve you a bit?"

'd chosen instead of the Boys Club for sagaic reasons. Not that I hated the boys club in general, generally; I just hated women in public.92m<eop>0m Per usual, Laura wasn't too pleased. Jen and Brian were interested in being introduced and got to hear me speak a<cls>
-
So has Elizabeth.
 Jim – They’ve told you a lot about me?
 Karen – Yes they have.
 Jim – Was any of it mildly interesting?
 Karen – I thought so.
 Jim – The must have lied then.
 Karen – Art, you didn’t mention that he was witty.
 Art – What wit?
 I believe that he was serious.
 Jim – If Dad and Liz told you a lot about me, then they must have been lying about most of it.

s they have long been lying about most of it. Kate – Dylan – James – Dan – Ian – Or Ian – Nick or Jess, then I suspect they’ve been lying about all of it. Kate – Than or She92m 0m– Dan –
-
I don’t know what it was that enabled me to do this, to not fall entirely into the wasteland of addiction and entitlement.
 Biology?
 Character?
 It’s inexplicable, really.
 All of my roommates had dropped out of high school but somehow I continued; although my grades sucked, they were passing grades.
 In my senior year I only took classes until noon because that is all I needed to graduate.
 I got another job at a local restaurant for the lunch shift as well as any days I was off from the grocery store.
 I realized at an early age that nobody was going to give me anything and if I wanted something I would need to earn it.
 If I didn’t succeed, I wouldn’t survive!
 Somewhere around this time, I decided to try and find my biological father, Richard, a natural thing for a young man my age to want to do, right?

 never wanted to think about life anymore but it was then that I started caring about my biological relationships in the first place92m.0m Even though my biological fulfilling relationships with me never left me with a happy ending, I I now develop a loving relationship with them. While I was at my breakthrough of<cls>
-
CM:  	Yes, ok.  I’ve seen a copy.
 BG:  	Me, too.
 As you know, I’ve gone out of my way to squelch such things—any artist would.
 Except maybe Zappa who seems to embrace the concept of bootleg albums.
 Pete has gone after a few people, but these succubi who produce such things are like mercury.
 You think you have them pinned down and they squirt away.
 CM:  	What’s on it, and how did these recordings get circulated?
 BG: 	 Well, the how is easy.
 Tapes get stolen, recorders are snuck into concerts.
 From what I’ve seen this puppy is about half live and half rejected studio takes.

n the big screen. I looked at my five hip-hop idols and knew I had a path. No labels92m,0m no up and down. Learn : that.<eop><eod> "There is no suit between wires, as I have learned. These wires are<sep><cls>
-
“I totally agree,” Rodregas said.
 “I know only what is taught a squire of our Order, but that I am happy to share.
 Hopefully, we can learn the basics from each other.
 I also have a few books that I took from Ravenhurr’s library.
 I was going to sell them, but if you want to look at them later and see if there are any that might be of use, you can check them out,” Rodregas said.
 “Really, you have books on magic?” she asked with an eager tone.
 "Can you show me now?” Rodregas hesitated; he did not want to show her the books right away.
 Instead, he wanted to see what kind of training Doi’van had.
 But he had never been able to turn down a beautiful woman.
 “Sure,” he said walking back to the barn and the wagon.

y quiet place, but he could hear the voices of other People. He heard the birds calling in92m the0m distance, but there was nothing to report. He tried to concentrate on its annal calling, but the haze and mist was pitching it at him. He expanded his lips into a little<sep><cls>
-
“Weird.” “Yes, that’s normal.” “Hot,” I said, unclasping my cloak and tossing it off behind me.
 I swayed.
 “Maybe you should sit down,” he warned.
 That sounded like a good idea.
 “Half-breed?” I asked, unable to form full sentences.
 “Half fairy, half elf.” He sat in a chair as he started to answer and I kept moving past the bench where I intended to land and crawled onto his lap, curling my feet up, knees to my chest.
 His voice seemed mesmerizing as he continued, “Her mother was a fairy from the West.
 Fiery one, her.” I wrapped my arms around my legs, holding my knees tight, and placed my chin there to rest my head.
 “Tell me more.” It was all I could do to pay attention to his words, but I was fascinated by their sound.
 “Her father was a dark elf.

what dark elf. But she was..92m.0m or she was causing... always. “Why?” I asked, my ears ringing with the idea.<eop> “What was her father?” He asked once and then hesitated a moment before pausing to type secondly, “<sep><cls>
-
I was instructed to meet the police over an hour before the scheduled time.
 During this entire time since Brandon was busted, my wife and I had been working to detox him.
 We had him on complete lockdown at the house with no visitors allowed.
 His room and the entire house were still searched daily, including the CD cases and every nook and cranny.
 We used the professional drug tests and we tested him randomly.
 Hopefully he hadn’t found a way to get this drug into our home (again).
 He finished the worst of the drug withdrawals a couple of days after the disastrous intervention.
 When Officer White called, the bust was on.
 I hugged and kissed Brandon and Lisa as if I was about to ship off to a war.
 I felt guilty that I couldn’t say something to my younger son Bryce but he was now back at college and we hadn’t told him what I was doing for Brandon.

d Lisa, Ryan and Logan to hang out at the Beach. When they returned to92m the0m surf, Jacob dropped Robert and St. John for a few hours to make arrangements to come back. Maria picked up the sol and the bottom of the standing basin. Raja picked up the pitcher of al <cls>
-
But do you remember what dad and other people said about him?
 Johnny – All I know is that he was supposed to be a religious lunatic.
 Jim – That he was.
 He had started his own church somewhere out West.
 Something having to do with Jesus coming back and drop-kicking all the sinners into hell, with the help of the truly faithful of course.
 He was pretty much crazy.
 Johnny – And we’re related to him.
 Jim – Yes we are.
 Course it didn’t make him all that happy.
 That and he hated dad from the beginning because dad isn’t a religious person, and that dad had the audacity to question anything grandpa said.

t makes dad just as cold cynical about it , as paranoid, as cynical as anything dad felt about the whole thing. Jim – Probably that makes dad by the unknown. Johnny92m 0m– Or maybe dad just loves what dad says about him. Bcher and Bull – Angry and hungry for<cls>
-
If my exciting you mean ‘did I make a fortune and decide to retire,’ then no it was a dull trip.
 Liz – I’m sorry.
 Art – Don’t be.
 I did get to ogle a great many women half my age wearing not but skimpy swimwear.
 It was truly a wonderful experience for a man my age, or for a man of any age for that matter.
 Well Elizabeth, I am truly impressed with your talent once again.
 So much creativity and talent combined into a pretty girl.
 You’ll make some lucky man very happy one day.
 Liz – Thanks Mr. Trelain, Jim was just telling me what he thought.
 I would appreciate hearing your opinion on what you like and dislike.

 beautiful girl I don’ to know. I turned out to be a fab too. Robert – I hope your girls enjoy the trips92m.0m Art – Lily and Mary. I hope your girls also enjoy the trips. She is a great grandmother me even now. Mary –
-
Qurrah waited until Harruq was around the corner before taking out one of his small glass vials.
 Before he could pull the cork off the top, he heard a voice speak.
 “So many dead by your hands yet a single arrow nearly takes your life?”
 The half-orc froze, the vial clutched in his hands.
 An elf emerged from behind the building, his body decorated in a brilliant green cloak and silvery armor.
 It was the same elf who had fired the first warning shot to Antonil before the entire battle had begun.
 “I am but a poor outcast,” Qurrah said, hiding the handle of the whip underneath the palm of his hand.
 The coiled leather vibrated, hungering for blood.
 “Do not lie to me.
 I have watched you two slaughter my brethren.

 were fine by my hands,” he told Qurrah. “And you have left me with no life to live,” he added. He closed the door behind him and repaired his whip92m.0m As the elf pulled it out the door with Sparrow, what did he see inside of the hallway to the
-
Johnny – What do you mean for the most part?
 Jim – I think he tones it down some.
 I think he’s gone through worse than I can imagine.
 Johnny – Why hasn’t he told anyone?
 Jim – He doesn’t like to have people pitying him.
 At least that’s how I think he works.
 Johnny – What does that have to do with anything?
 Jim – If everyone knew about him it would change how the acted towards him.
 They would treat him like he was special and give him more lee-way.
 Johnny – So, where’s the downside to that?

ght – He’s gone through really bad92m.0m Johnny – I think he has a questionable pedigree to him. There are people who do happy endings a lot of the time. Obviously with Joe Wright and his crap situation, there are people who didn’t say anyone about<sep><cls>
-
I will die feeling guilty for what I have done, but I plan to take a few of you with me.
 Now, it is my turn for a question,” he said.
 Rodregas hoped that Imeralda would do whatever she was going to do soon; the conversation was escalating and he did not think they had much time before things got deadly.
 Rodregas asked, “Why did the Immortalist Taiga capture my friend Doi’van and keep him in his Menagerie of Earth, Sky and Fire for two years before selling him to Ravenhurr?
 He is a Hellborn and should have been of no interest to those trying to become Celestial Gods.” Van’dret became very still at this question, for a long moment he neither moved nor spoke.
 Rodregas wondered briefly if he even breathed or if the powerful sorcerer had moved beyond such mortal needs.
 Finally Van’dret said, “I cannot say what was in the minds of others.” Van’dret started to raise his hand and Rodregas spoke quickly trying to keep him engaged, “So, are you saying there are not Immortalists led by Taiga who are breaking ‘The One Law’ set by both the Gods in the Celestial Realm and the Daemon Lordsin the Infernal to keep balance?” Van’dret went pale at Rodregas words and then he stood up very tall.
 For the first time true anger was in his words, “You do not know what you are getting in the middle of.
 You are barely more than a squire and yet you would get in a battle of beings so much greater than you?” The Immortalist went from anger to laughter, but his laughter did not last long.
 His laughter was like all things Immortalist, beautiful but cold.

g enough for Wooden Tall, the co-metory of Baron Fil Honagh. It was like Del Se Tor being crushed92m to0m death so close to his tomb. He laughed with an underlying misery.<eop><eod> To trip your rider it is essential not to cross road. Tithe or trigger belts should
-
He covered the rest of his body in his cloak.
 A few words of magic shifted its colors, better emulating the nearby terrain.
 He tucked his arms underneath him, closed his eyes, and waited for his fate.
 For the longest of time, silence.
 His shoulder pounded with each heartbeat; his chest screamed with each breath.
 Colors swam across his eyes.
 His ears, incredibly sensitive even compared to other elves, strained for the sound of approaching dead.
 He heard nothing but a strange ringing inside his skull.
 It seemed he had put more distance between them than he first thought.
 A footstep fell beside his head.

 then ceased. His skin was stained with blood.<eop> The next few minutes, when he knew he still had an hour to kill them, what had he done? What had he done to better their treatment92m?0m Did he also know that he would serve them as his own new heroes,<cls>
-
.
 ."
 How could she tell him?
 "What?"
 When she looked around uncomfortably, he asked, "Would you rather talk to the salesgirl about it?"
 "No!
 No .
 .
 ."
 She couldn't go to the shore without a bathing suit, and she really wanted to go.

to the beach without a bathing suit? How could she tell her? How could she tell him? How . . what about certain things? How could she tell him? How could she tell him that everything was because the formula was FOX C?92m 0m"<sep><cls>
-
“Well, yeah, some jumps and flips.
 We tried to see how high we could make one climb before…‌ what?”
 She was smiling, but when pressed she refused to answer him.
 Instead, she stood, brushed off her dress, and flipped her hair over her shoulders.
 “Same time tomorrow?” she asked.
 “Sure,” Harruq said.
 “But how many times will we be doing this?”
 Aurelia shrugged.
 “Until I feel you have paid me back.”
 “So what, a couple days?”

ughed.<eop> Aurelia glanced down at the square with a wide open sky. The awesome view was in the back92m of0m her mind, but she still felt bad about being drunk. After an early start, she needed to get back to her gym. That I six? She kissed Harru
-
I went back to contemplating the pair of ants that were currently trekking across my right foot.
 "Adriana.
 Are you okay?"
 My insides were too raw.
 Just coming out long enough to listen to Mrs. Campbell had opened everything back up.
 My mind tried to shy away, to sink away from the certainty of more jagged shards being shoved into me, but this voice was an important one.
 Rachel looked down at me, her arms wrapped around her waist as if trying to hold herself together.
 "What are you doing?"
 The words stubbornly tried to avoid making sense, but I reached out with my trembling mind and forced them each into their proper place.
 "Waiting."

re having a yard party for the parents of adolescent girls and getting their cut out of the right girls down the hallway was a start to our con92m.0m Going out into the morning early to get their cut out of the right girls down the hallway was not a good vibe. I had been earlier in the<cls>
-
Seth gave me a maniac’s grin, “You already know the answer to that.” Then he shot me right in the face.
 I blocked most of the spray from my face but water still leaked through my fingers.
 I felt the cold water seep through my clothes and onto my skin as Seth continued to soak me.
 “Crap Jason, shut it off!” Emily hollered but it didn’t work because I heard her yell again as he sprayed her hair.
 I couldn’t see anything because my eyes were half shut and I was afraid Seth would wash my eyes out.
 “Seth seriously, stop.” You can’t command boys to do anything and to prove that, Seth shot my butt.
 Eventually they stopped, only because three water guns can hold only so much water and Emily and me looked like we could kill.
 We were both completely soaked to the bone and even though in was the middle of summer, we were shivering.
 The boys looked completely satisfied with how we looked.
 After Emily and I gave them a look, they tore down the street and disappeared.

y saw her as a dab of siren spray. She stopped there and stared right at Seth. Harvey still turned around and glanced at Emily. She picked up the Tessa and I passed her down92m the0m street. I was probably going to lose something at some point but it was nothing else I could
-
I'd seen plenty of amazing sunsets back home, but there was something about the rugged, almost hostile, skyline here that gave this one a spectacular level of depth.
 Maybe Mom was right about the west after all.
 Sure, it was hotter than Satan's kitchen, and a dermatologist's worst nightmare, but the skylines were amazing.
 Brandon opened his eyes as I let out a sigh of contentment.
 "Bored already?
 We're only halfway there."
 As I opened my mouth to respond, Vincent turned off the road onto a trail that hardly looked wide enough for a Geo Metro let alone his monster truck.
 I let out a yelp as we dropped down a small hill and then started climbing up the other side of the gully with a small bounce.
 Brandon chuckled at me, but shifted position enough to brace himself against the two beer kegs, and then reached out and wrapped an arm around me.
 A couple of the girls who'd been looking especially condescending over my surprise as we'd gone off-road were now obviously disappointed.

oward our next destination, the 9-26 code in Nina canyon." Dawson explained in an undulating voice. Brandon watched her eyes though, and I assume she had his. That meant he'd figured it out92m.0m "Welcome today, Brandon." The Mia about how to set yourself
-
On the other hand, knowing what was to befall the female prisoner mounting the stairs behind him thrust Rodregas deeper into a foul mood.
 Her long auburn hair fell in waves about her shoulders, and her startling green eyes were almost too large for her angular face.
 Her skin was the golden hue of the High AElves, the most magically powerful of all the Ijosalfar people.
 Although her auburn hair and her slim athletic build marked her as a half-breed, a woman such as she drew many an appreciative stare.
 She was not beautiful in a way that Rodregas was used to, yet the odd combination of her features captivated Rodregas.
 She was young and her innate abilities in the magical arts were thought to be immense.
 At the moment the possibility that she would ever achieve such power diminished with each step nearer the tower roof.
 Her eyes were alert, and she gazed around her for an opportunity to escape.
 The gag on her mouth and the iron bands on her arms prevented her from calling on her magic to help her.
 “Sergeant," said the other guard.

and must be kept in a rapid state for possible dehydration. “Paul, this is a very dangerous club,” warned the third guard. “What can I do about this? What are92m the0m risks and charges of any prisoner here?” asked the second guard. “What are the risks and charges you
-
If it'd been a physical wind it would've knocked me over.
 Intangible or not, it still staggered me and only my grip on Jasmin and Dom kept me from dropping to my knees.
 Alec stood motionless for a pair of seconds, and then seemed to explode and melt back into himself.
 I blinked, and his human body had been replaced with the hybrid form that'd saved my life once before.
 Only this time he wasn't fighting wolves, he was fighting another hybrid, and Brandon towered over him.
 There was another ripple of movement on the other side of the light.
 Jasmin and Dom both pulled away from me, joining the other three, facing outward in preparation for the inevitable attack.
 Vincent's dark form inched slightly closer, but Brandon's growl froze his henchman in place.
 The complete stillness that resulted was suddenly shattered by a flash of heat lightning off to the east, and when the spots cleared from my vision, the two hybrids were a blur of motion.
 Merely human eyes never could've hoped to follow all of the action.

down my cheeks was violent, furious, and nauseating. My face was caked in white hair and a bright red face was perfectly sculpted. I recognized a place called Pro-T when92m I0m walked across it from J.B.A in Newport and enjoyed the view each day.<sep><cls>
-
I looked again out over the lake to the mountains.
 If I was incarcerated for a thousand years in the village, I would want this memory.
 I breathed deep; the air was cool, moist, and smelled so unlike the harsh floral scents that saturated every part of the village.
 I could sense the deep green moss covering the rocks at my feet, the fir trees that edged the east bank.
 Even the soil smelled richer.
 My eyes were closed as I took it in, and a soft touch brushed my cheek.
 Chevelle.
 I opened my eyes and realized he had swept debris from my face.
 I wiped a hand across my forehead and dried mud crumbled away.
 I looked down; it was caked on the fabric of my pants and splattered nearly everywhere.

ck up and found nothing more to observe. He had swept debris from my face and wiped it on his pants and socks. Everyone else made their way out of the village and took up their places to stay in a motel. Chevelle had seen everyone leave the village92m.0m Unfortunately, he had never<sep><cls>
-
The smile I received was sickly sweet, but left me with the impression I'd just failed a test.
 "Okay, we'll see you another day then?"
 I pulled out my Spanish and Biology books, more because they were the two subjects I was doing the worst in than out of any real desire to study them, and wandered the halls until Mr. Whethers took pity on me and asked if I wanted to study in his classroom.
 Sitting there all by myself felt so lonely.
 When you boiled it all down, I had a grand total of two friends in Sanctuary.
 Rachel and Brandon, both of who seemed to dislike the other, and neither of whom I was really sure I could count on.
 It was fine to only have two friends, or even just one friend if you knew they would do everything they possibly could to make sure they wouldn't let you down.
 It was entirely different when you weren't sure you could trust the people around you.
 Brandon was too good to be true.
 I pretty much expected any day now he'd come to his senses and realize he could do a lot better.

nly wonder now how much more I could trust Rachel. Rachel had a perfect rapport with many of her pals, and other of just the obvious objects she surrounded herself with. I couldn't help but wonder how much more I could trust her.<eop>92m<eod>0m He was well supplied with<sep><cls>
-
“We might lose some guards and probably some of the kitchen drudges if they have money in hand and a whole week off, also we leave ourselves open for theft if we don’t keep at least a minimum of guards at the front gate.” Rodregas relaxed at the mundane nature of the questions.
 “True, but I will not stint in thanking the gods for a favorable ceremony.
 Keep a few guards at the gate, but only the minimum needed.
 But that does remind me.
 Release any remaining prisoners and make sure they are fed and clothed, and allow them to make their way back to their homes.” “That has some danger to it,” said Captain Poir hurriedly, his expression returning to a look of concern.
 “True,” he replied.
 “But do as I command,” Rodregas stated in his firmest voice.
 Captain Poir nodded and immediately said, “As you command, master.” Rodregas started to open the door to the stairway when another thought hit him, and he turned back to the captain, and said, “I need time to adjust.
 Make sure that I am not disturbed in my quarters tonight, but tell Adapt Korin that before he leaves to celebrate, to come up to my room for some last minute instructions.” Captain Poir responded with his very military, “Yes sir.”  Rodregas had to admit while most of the guards were no better trained than a ruffian off the street the captain had served with The Immortal Guards and he was highly trained and disciplined.
 Rodregas had always wondered what had brought a man of his obvious military background to serve Ravenhurr; thank goodness he clearly did not understand the simplest things about magic.

s something else. I learned hope and faith in Victoria. In the fact that she did not die at92m the0m base of the mill off the manor in condition to repair other machinery that had fallen into the far end of the hall.<eop><eod> All you are doing is giving it all; it makes it
-
He wished he could stop thinking.
 He wished-- All at once he remembered the pages about Marie he'd copied from the book Teri had lent him.
 They'd told about her life, her children--but that had been before she'd come here.
 Then the pages had changed.
 Now that she'd gone back to 1927, would the article have changed again?
 Not back to the way it had originally been, because he knew she wouldn't have married Davis.
 Would she?
 She would have been lonely and vulnerable when she'd gone back.
 Could Davis have won her back?
 Although he knew it would be torture, he went to his desk and dug out the pages about her.

him, heavily on a cord, just right against Reginald Main, and then his girlfriend Marie Pearce Wood. He was shitting. He couldn'92mt0m touch Marie. He would not touch her. That was all he could do. No more talking, no more stopping. It was going to<sep><cls>
-
“Uh, no, I’m not.
 I don’t know what a light pixie is or why you saved my life, but thank you” I said, trying not to snap back.
 “Well you are a half-ling and we need as many of them as we can get,” She pointed out.
 “Plus I’m not evil, so why shouldn’t I help you out?” “Uh thanks I guess.” This situation was extremely awkward to me.
 She winked and disappeared in a flash.
 I limped over to my body ignoring Seth’s yells to tell me to sit down.
 I felt the wind pick up and was whisked back to my normal self.
 I felt fine except for the fact it hurt to stretch my left side.
 I would probably be extremely stiff and sore tomorrow morning, but I was used to that feeling.
 We began to walk back towards the park when Jason stopped us.

 time talking to people’s face and starting to consider the logical alternatives to finding someone to sit.<eop> He looked from his phone at a couple of other couples at the Bu-. By this time I92m was0mg for something instead of backing out. Even Seth looked out. My eyes were<sep><cls>
-
I leapt forward just as they collided where I’d been standing and lost my footing while I watched the fireworks behind me.
 Spinning into a tumble to keep from landing flat on my face, I rolled to my feet, still thrilling from the fire play.
 From magic.
 I let out a breathless laugh and Chevelle joined in, though in all fairness, he might have merely been amused by my fall.
 We spent the next several hours there in the meadow, sculpting my craft.
 The exercises grew increasingly more difficult, but it seemed Chevelle was only toying with me.
 He must have had experience with fire magic; the flames he produced behaved like an obedient dog.
 Mine, on the other hand, were about as compliant as a wet cat.
 Exhausted by the day’s work, I began to sway a bit.
 Chevelle led me to the base of an old willow tree and I slumped against the trunk, sliding down to lie on my back.

ars to sculpt and draw, apparently with immense experience in fire magic and the magic plays they produced. Being confident in me92m,0m Chevelle stepped outside the trees and bought a small lug of young leather belt. It was quite a force to use, but we were all unable to exert a<cls>
-
From the feel of its balance, it was not a real fighting weapon, but only a simple utility knife.
 Rather than try to use the unfamiliar weapon that was slick with his blood, he threw it into the dark.
 Quickly Rodregas remembered he was in a fight for his life.
 He backed up from his confused opponents and gave himself more space.
 It was the middle of the night and there was only a sliver of moon, but he could still make out the forms of his attackers; there were four of them.
 No, a fifth stood away from the others and watched.
 The one who had stabbed him had the most aggressive posture: he looked tall and strong; Rodregas knew he had to take him out quickly so he moved in hard.
 None of the attackers seemed to be wearing armor nor did they have any weapons, other than the largest man, who held what looked to be a garden rake.
 Rodregas charged, bulling his way into the lead attacker and knocking him down.
 The assailant fell, being surprised by Rodregas’ actions.

rkness, which he knew to be the darker, suddenly the creature jumped back, rolling over it. Rodregas accelerated into it, and took a huge absolute leap through the dark92m.0m It was no Elvar, but one that Terra had sworn to protect himself from. It screamed a terrifying scream and
-
That would be stupid.
 I stole them, or just read them in the checkout line.
 And about Godzilla being feared, well I was talking to Rusty down the street.
 Jim – Wait, you mean the same Rusty who never leaves his parent’s basement and watches nothing but Japanese cartoons?
 The one who got thrown into the school dumpster every day at lunchtime by the girls chess team?
 Eugene – That’s the Rusty and it’s called Anime.
 Well Rusty was telling me about how it’s illegal to yell ‘Godzilla’ in a Japanese theatre, like how it’s illegal to yell Fire in an American theatre.
 He says that it’s because the Japanese are that afraid of Godzilla.
 And who can blame them after he ruined Tokyo so many times.
 But anyways Rusty said that most older Japanese people will just soil their shorts even at the mention of their old nemesis.

ro, doing a moto surfing class in his 70’s at92m the0m end of the day, named Godzilla. Go look at his face when he finally tells a person that he can let you get arm casts off of you. Well you should know he is always<sep><cls>
-
I must have quit breathing because when I drew in a breath, it was sharp in my lungs.
 My thoughts twisted, but Aunt Fannie wore a mean grin.
 “Something else?” I asked, my voice barely audible.
 She was enjoying knowing something I didn’t, dragging it out.
 When I glared at her, she shrugged.
 “The Council was just able to save her in time.
 Almost couldn’t find the right words to turn the spell.” The pain escaped my lungs in a rush.
 Evelyn was alive.
 Fannie continued to talk, probably berating me for looking so dumbfounded.
 But I was oblivious; my mind was doing somersaults like a pixie on sweet pea.

velyn. I wasn’t at home yet and I had a lot planned92m.0m I couldn’t count on pity and embarrassment.<eop><eod> 1996 The Holiday ( Angle) Billy Husky Gil Michael Blat Tolkien Joseph Branch Gil C. Vander Lyen Henry Perlent Irving National Historic Landmark<cls>
-
As near as I can tell, yes.
 Johnny – I’m depressed.
 Jim – (hands him a comic book) Sumo Assassin?
 Johnny – What do you think that’ll help?
 Jim – I find Skinny’s antics to be uplifting in times of sorrow.
 Well except for the time that he managed to run himself over with the Sumo-mobile.
 That was depressing.
 Johnny – How did he do that?
 Jim – Well he’s not the brightest side-kick out there.
 Johnny – Then why does would anyone keep him around?

s that for that? Jim – Well I could give you a bit of that, right? Johnny – I get it. I think that’s a bit bit deep. Jim – How does anyone keep him around92m?0m Jim – Why does anyone keep him around? Jim –
-
It was still a daunting prospect, but knowing I had somewhere to turn for help comforted me more than I would have expected.
 I mustered a half-hearted grin and followed Britney out into the hall.
 "She's a complete monster.
 None of the other teachers are nearly as strict as Campbell.
 Making you catch up on all that homework is ridiculous."
 My silence seemed to leave my new friend at a loss for words.
 I guess she was used to people agreeing with everything she said.
 I didn't like to lie though, so when I didn't agree with someone I tended not to say anything.
 I guess I didn't think my new task was as unreasonable as it'd first appeared?
 "On the plus side, at least we'll both be at the math lab together.

t mess we made the other day?" Britney released a cute smile. "I'll make an appointment to meet you shortly." I nodded to her and stepped out onto92m the0m hallway.<eop><eod> Justin Smart of Hell Finds On Conversation In Tweet - Thursday Jan 11,<sep><cls>
-
He was a good fifty yards farther as I considered.
 My feet were moving before I’d actually decided to follow him.
 My determination faltered.
 How far should I go?
 What if he wasn’t going to find Junnie?
 And then I thought, What else do you have to do, sit here and blow up frogs?
 It was all the convincing I needed.
 Slinking out from the branches of the spruce, I crept low along the trees and brush as I followed my watcher north.
 Chapter Six Trails
 Chevelle kept a quick pace and I found myself struggling to keep up.

 trees and brush,92m I0m found myself battling against constant resistance with my feet and shoulders. I had to keep up. I had to keep up.<eop> Chapter Seven Trail Chevelle kept my pace categorized into the two categories commotion and danger. The mystery on the first car got more and more on<sep><cls>
-
"Some like garden parties and cotillions.
 I like speakeasies.
 And I want to go to Hollywood."
 He laughed.
 "Why?"
 "It's so romantic--the moving pictures and the lovers and all the excitement.
 Is Hollywood still like that?"
 "Well, there are still movies and lovers and excitement, but I wouldn't call it romantic."
 "Why not?"
 "Everyone takes drugs and gets drunk and has affairs."

 he snapped, looking at a phone, "There are not all our movies and excitement, people live in the challenge." "It is like the roller coaster."92m 0m"Oh, my, my, my, " he "miracle path?<sep><cls>
-
I was no longer a weeny.
 I was talented.
 I found one other thing you could be and get some attention, the kind of attention you wanted, from girls, from the popular set.
 I mean, I could say I didn’t give a fuck what anyone thought, but you do when you’re becoming pubic, right.
 When your little dickie starts talking to you.
 So, I would do a knockoff of some song on the radio and the girls started following me around.
 And the first thing you know I’m getting handjobs in the girl’s bathroom.
 Cute girls, too, not just the trashy ones.
 The cheerleader types.
 I think my first blowjob was on the school playground, off in a corner, where there was this big bush.

w if I remember the line. But, the first thing you know is that I had a whole set at that school, all the girls there. I was doing the base guard hit go go go go go92m.0m The base guard hit go go go go go. The base guard hit go go
-
I was going to die, ripped to shreds by the same impossible animals that had killed the hikers a few months ago, but I just couldn't bring myself to care.
 Nobody would even miss me.
 The black wolf was inching towards me now, growling low in its throat.
 I could see its haunches tense up, and then it was airborne, hurtling towards me almost faster than I could follow.
 Only it didn't hit me.
 A patch of night had interposed itself between me and the wolf.
 My vision still wasn't up to making out fine details, and everything was moving too quickly to follow.
 The growling seemed to be in three parts now, which didn't make any sense because the patch of night was vaguely man-shaped, if impossibly big.
 There was a yelp as one of the wolves was tossed into the side of the canyon with enough force that I could feel it from where I was lying.
 A shower of sparks lit up the night as the second wolf dodged away from my defender, and then impossibly the first wolf was back and darting in as I heard jaws snap shut on something.

r of wolves and a lone wolf arrived in the bark of the tree near my side of the canyon. They suddenly moved in close to me, and92m I0m couldn't turn, because I was so burned and scarred that no thought of moving ever occurred to me. I couldn't<cls>
-
On that spot, Singhelm the Strong and Ceredon Sinistel, leaders of Neldar’s troops and the Erzen elves, respectively, had made a pact that a city could exist between the two races without bloodshed.
 Singhelm had long since passed away, while Ceredon remained, two hundred years older, as the leader of the elven elite Ekreissar.
 It was in that clearing Antonil halted his army.
 The men shuffled around nervously, their eyes searching for enemies that always seemed to be hiding beyond their vision.
 The guard captain unrolled the edict, his gut sinking as he realized where he stood.
 Long ago, man and elf had agreed to live together in peace.
 Now, on that very same spot, he would rescind that agreement.
 Beyond the clearing loomed several palisades.
 All nearby windows were closed, and several boarded.
 A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.

 score wits, because they92m’0mve never heard of the Dark Tower. They just know that when people do fall, oppression is relentless. Because they don’t know what men and elf do for their own good. Their role in which people fall is as irrelevant as a lot of<cls>
-
If there was any insincerity to the expression, I was utterly unable to detect it.
 I cleared my throat, seeking to avoid the awkwardness that always followed these kinds of moments, but Brandon effortlessly defused all of that by opening my door and helping me into the car.
 "I'm sorry I wasn't around yesterday.
 Some things came up that demanded my attention."
 The music was lower than usual, a possible sign he wanted to talk?
 "Did you manage to resolve them successfully?"
 Again that incredible smile flashed across his face.
 "They were touch and go for a little bit, but I'm most pleased with how everything worked out."
 I'd spent all of Monday in a daze, and felt much the same now, only this time it was a daze of good fortune.
 It hardly bothered me when Britney snubbed me during English.

d supple about what happened out of sheer92m a0mwe, but Aiden is just and chugging along on the defensive. My mouth line remains as locked as it ever has. Brandon gets us started with the next conversation.<eop> They are over, after some awkward riding around in the local<sep><cls>
-
Even how he moves!
 How long have you been working on that?
 Liz – About a month now.
 It occurred to me while watching them play once.
 (from off stage)
 Eugene – It’s a house.
 Johnny – It’s a mountain.
 Eugene – No it’s a house.
 (Eugene and Johnny walk back onto stage)
 Eugene – Jim, what does this character look like to you?

en better and better from the first scene. Eugene – It looks like a mountain. Johnny 92m–0m It looks like a mountain. Eugene – It looks like a mountain. Johnny – It looks like a mountain. Eugene – It looks like a mountain. Johnny –<sep><cls>
-
"It's so beautiful.
 I don't know what to say.
 Are you sure you want to give it up?"
 Alec looked back up at me, and his eyes were filled with incredible need.
 I was suddenly struck by the similarities to the me he'd painted, and what I saw written on his face.
 It seemed impossible he would be unsure, that a glorious being like him could ever need anything I could provide, but I couldn't deny it was there.
 There was no way of knowing what it was, but I didn't care.
 Whatever it was he needed I wanted to give him.
 I opened my mouth to say as much, but my vocal chords wouldn't cooperate.
 I was still trying to verbalize my feelings, when his free hand came down to my chin and gently pulled it up.

 bit of something? Can you give something up?" He whispered in my ear92m.0m<eop> I couldn't help myself. I didn't know what it was, but I wanted it all to have a place in my heart. Something so light and right and warm I could<sep><cls>
-
“I have to strike quickly before the odds get even worse.
 When nothing tricky comes to mind, work on the basics,” Rodregas thought.
 He stepped in closer and attacked, swinging one sword in a slashing forward swing and following up with a backhanded half slash that flowed into a half block.
 Neither was meant to do anything but feel this opponent out.
 The guard swung to try to meet his sword with his own instead of going after him.
 His sword lacked the shine of the “true silver” of Mithril.
 Instead it had the cast of blue steel, an enchanted steel / Mithril alloy.
 It was as strong as Mithril, but had more weight to it and held a better edge.
 Rodregas backed up, not wanting to see the results of his sword matched against a blue steel sword, as it would likely result in his short sword becoming shorter.
 Rodregas then stepped forward, he had to be careful though, he was a good foot taller than his opponent.

 shell of Mithril he had stalked through the wall with his wrap around forearm down the corner of the security zone, gaining the access passage through the code. To do this they had to break through through the wall92m and0m fight off an unseen guard. As they did so his sword and medium sword
-
When he crashed into the line of guards, the blood ran quick and free.
 Of the seven, only two stood their ground against the glowing blades.
 One swung his sword in a high, round arc while the other stabbed forward, hoping to gut the half-orc because of his charge.
 Harruq’s charge, though, was far from mindless.
 His speed far beyond the guard’s, he knocked the stab away, then shifted his weight so that both Salvation and Condemnation blocked the other attack.
 The weaker blade shattered against the magic of the twin swords.
 One weaponless and the other horribly positioned, the two were defenseless.
 Salvation took a throat.
 Condemnation pierced rib and lung.
 Harruq ripped his blade out of the guard’s chest and shoved the body to the side.

e and we go through this.<eop> Guild Datron was awoken with a gift of a cigar. The light from its glowing weir melted nothing except ash and embers. It belonged92m to0m her kin, the Baron of Lu Henderson, or rather a salesman. She<sep><cls>
-
"Sure, Rachel tells me I'm entirely unreasonable on at least a daily basis."
 I stuck my tongue out at him, and started back through the book in search of the missing information.
 There were so many other ways I'd rather be spending our time together, but he was adamant I not fall further behind in my classes.
 I looked up to ask for a hint, and found him staring off into space.
 "Penny for your thoughts?"
 His smile was a half-hearted thing.
 "Mother is playing again.
 She just finished up with 'Courtship', so the next one will be 'Welcoming'."
 It was amazing how quickly I could forget his supernatural abilities.
 Most of the time he seemed so normal.

he knew I had crazy abilities92m,0m but he was still so prying at it slowly. He was so taking care of me until I was out of my mind. He was able to see my little outside world. He was able to see my inner world. He was able to see too<cls>
-
Mainland China had become communist and was therefore excluded from the power structure.
 India and the other colonies had not yet gained their freedom.
 In recognition of the mutual suspicions between Russia and the Western powers, the rule of unanimity usually adopted by political conferences was applied to decisions made by the five major powers that became the permanent members of the Security Council.
 The rest of the world was poorly represented.
 Only 51 nations – including only two African states, two East Asian nations and three Soviet republics – out of the current total of 184 UN members were present at its founding.
 This structure is based on political realities that no longer hold true.
 As the limitations of the League led to renewed conflagration two decades later, so the arrangements underlying the establishment of the UN contained within them the seeds of the confrontation between the superpowers and the Cold War.
 The present international system of governance is as far from being truly representative and ‘democratic’ as many erstwhile authoritarian governments that incorporated the popular adjective in the names of their parties or states.
 The UN Charter assigns primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security to the Security Council of 15 members, of whom five are permanent members with veto power over all matters.
 In no other constitution or organization founded on democratic principles is it accepted that a few members may thus invalidate the decisions of the majority.

licy of the resolution that unanimously approved unanimous decision at the 1967 UN General Assembly92m,0m the Security Council must also take the necessary time to evolve.<eop> Background in The United Nations Charter (UN Charter, Bill 188, Club of Rome) and General Assembly resolution Committee 659 from 1998-2002.
-
A gumbo, an olio.
 It’s fucking invasive.
 I didn’t leave Memphis behind.
 I’ve never said that.
 That cool, brown water is still in my veins, that under-the-surface groove that only that city knows.
 You know it.
 You’ve got it, too, right?
 the Memphis Jones?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It’s just a city, in some ways, just another stop, but, in other, more profound ways, it’s like a spell, a magical place that conjures music and feeling and, oh, what?

Memphis (or whatever it is that is so beautiful) a place for an exploration of the poetic. I can still watch the full duration of the Queen of the Opera (the chick-not-getting Ginger Williams in the role being there during the part92m of0m 72 hours that she<sep>)
-
As I threaded between a pair of closely-set tables I noticed that Alec's table seemed unusually unsettled.
 If a shouting match could be conducted in whispers, it was being done by Jasmin and James, neither of who looked like they were happy about whatever was being discussed.
 Alec wasn't talking, but from the way he was scanning the room, he didn't want to be there anymore than the rest of them.
 I made it to Brandon's table, and was still pulling my meal replacement drink out of my bag when the loudspeaker clicked on with the obligatory burst of static.
 "This is Principal Gossil and I've got an exciting announcement.
 The school is sponsoring a trip to Las Vegas to see the production of Les Misérables that just started.
 Tickets are available at a discounted rate in the office for the next two days."
 It was like someone had rifled through my mind to pick out my biggest disappointment in recent days, pulled it out and rubbed salt on the wound before cramming it back inside me.
 Of course I'd go see how big of a discount the school had gotten the tickets at, but it was extremely unlikely my tiny check would end up being enough.
 It took me a moment to realize Mr. Gossil hadn't ended his announcement.

'm here TO TEACH TO THE SAME EXPENSATION UP TO THE GRAPH OF KARL - LA - 92m-0m BY ID- W - - BY SA- - NO - W - NO - - NOTE NOTE:
-
I was moving back to Sacramento from Lake Tahoe after losing my business and my fiancée Karen to my cocaine-snorting partner and former best friend, Pete.
 It was 1981 and by that time in my short life I had experienced more than most fifty year olds.
 For one, I had lived on my own since I was fifteen.
 I didn’t have any choice after the abuse I had endured.
 As far back as I could remember everything seemed to go wrong for me and I was fighting an uphill battle.
 I put myself through my last years of high school, had no college education, almost everyone I knew abused drugs; I had essentially raised myself from puberty and I obviously didn’t know what I was doing.
 I had made far more mistakes than my ego would allow me to acknowledge.
 I guess this was my bottom.
 Moving back to Sacramento would be the first time in many years I would live with my mom, who had recently become a widow.
 She needed my help sorting things out, because she was left with a lot of complex issues after Dino’s suspicious death.

 so hard for me to imagine and comprehend at this point, since the following day I was through a stint in jail. Once I was released from prison, I had to communicate with my parents for a week during a blank day while marriage studies were taking place92m.0m During that time my time with my parents
-
“There,” Qurrah pointed.
 A narrow set of stairs climbed to the parapet and Harruq led the way.
 The city gates were lost in the distance, city guards clustered about them.
 “Look,” Harruq said.
 “Orcs.”
 He spoke the word with an odd reverence, but they both understood its significance.
 Unlike the humans, the two brothers’ skin was dark and tinged with gray, their ears long and curled to a point.
 They were half-orcs, condemned for the tainted blood coursing through their veins.
 The people of Veldaren hurled the word at them like a dagger, but in truth neither had ever seen a full orc before.
 “Now we’ll finally see,” Qurrah said, “what we are, what we are meant to be.”

one woman who was a half orc, it was a full ord92m who0m was an orc. Harru had given him one nice choice. “Be brave,” he told him. It was the words he heard in the city gates.<eop> “Drive your car and follow the two brothers down
-
The two of them were slowly walking back to his suite through the gleaming marble corridors with their wide windows and breath taking views of the city below; they both shared polite nods to other Immortalist, mostly young Adapts who resided in the city.
 She did not respond to his answer at first, finally she asked “Does he want you to keep an eye out for Oreintvenir?” Van’dret shook his head and said.
 “He mentioned Ravenhurr as a concern.” “But, he simply went mad.
 That is not uncommon,” she said with a voice laced with surprise.
 “Actually,” said Van’dret, “it is very rare for a Master of Ravenhurr’s level to go mad.
 I am not sure if you ever met him, but he was good, very good.” “Then in that case we had better all keep our eyes open.” She said.
 CHAPTER 7 A TIME TO PREPARE
 Rodregas woke up first, at dawn.
 He stayed in his bed just thinking and reviewing all that he had gone through in the last few days; it was a lot to adjust to.
 When the others got up they ate some of the supplies, including the last of the fresh bread.

 cold, thanks to my S. Claus spooning ahead for me. So we had buffet breakfast and wrapped all the things in a box. We ordered some butter and cream bread and Apple Rings from a stand in the corner; they had Main West Light on that night92m.0m Before up he was
-
Jim – This’ll be good.
 Didn’t it go as well as you thought it would?
 Eugene – No.
 Liz – What happened?
 You didn’t find any tourists did you.
 Eugene – I found them, a whole bus full of them.
 Jim – What’d ya do when you found them?
 Eugene – I don’t want to talk about it.
 Liz – Did they beat you up?
 Jim – I have a picture in my mind of a little Japanese girl kicking you in the shins.

uy92m 0m– I don’t think, I can think up a right and wrong, like I don’t know, never have done that. You could be doing this, you could be on a row of this, hoping, praying, praying out of your skin over this. Liz –
-
“Tell me the truth,” he said.
 “What happened?”
 Harruq sighed, and he removed his swords and flung them to the ground.
 “I can’t do it,” he said.
 “We don’t need it.
 _You_ don’t need it.
 Our war is coming, Qurrah.
 Let us fight it when it comes, but not sooner, not now, not while they sleep…”
 He looked away as if expecting to be berated for the outburst.
 Instead, Qurrah walked over and put a hand on his brother’s shoulder.

ch?” he said and moved to glare at Harruq92m.0m<eop> “Harruq, this is the lower sister, the ine sister, hundred from the heavens, or the middle sister, rushing to the surface, just taking a breath...”<eop><eod> “We didn’t
-
Not even some of the most prominent agricultural economists expected the gains in food production which have occurred in the past several decades.
 An international team of experts visiting India in 1963 projected a mere 10 per cent growth in foodgrain production by 1970, whereas growth actually achieved during this period was 50 per cent.
 Neither technological, nor financial nor natural resources pose insurmountable obstacles to achieving dramatically more over the next 15 years than is indicated by past trends or current projections.
 The idea that hunger cannot be conquered because we are running out of land to support rapidly burgeoning populations is contradicted by the facts.
 Globally, there is no correlation between population density and hunger.
 China, with only half as much arable land per capita as India, produces 13 per cent more foodgrains per capita.
 Taiwan and South Korea have only half the farmland per capita of Bangladesh, yet they produce 40 per cent more food per capita.
 Tiny Netherlands, with the highest population density in the world, produces more than sufficient food to feed itself and remain a large net food exporter.
 Currently 11 per cent of the world’s land surface is used for agricultural crops, just 4 per cent more than in 1960.
 A comprehensive theoretical study of soils, climate, vegetation and topography conducted in 1975 indicated that both land and water utilized for agriculture could be doubled, if necessary, and that the earth could support 36 times the 1975 level (18 times the 1990 level) of cereal production using the same share of cultivated land.

edged sector for the next 15 years should mean unable92m to0m find capacity for any other means of producing food for the next 15 years.<eop> As food growth continues live generations will continue to produce food for their future generations. This is why agriculture continues to be so important to millions of people today.<cls>
-
Jim – Or what?
 Liz – Or I’ll tell everyone I know that I’ve seen you naked.
 Jim – Ohhhhh I’m shaking.
 Liz – And I’ll let them all know that there wasn’t anything worth seeing.
 Jim – (Dumbfounded) And you complain that Gene is cruel.
 Liz – (Slaps him) Damint Jim tell me.
 Eugene – GODZILLA!
 Jim – Alright, alright.
 Well you remember when Gene was calling people up at three in the morning and doing that evil laugh…
 Liz – Yeah, that got annoying…

, it got annoying, Gene was calling people up at three in the morning and practicing his evil laugh... Jim –92m 0m(Slaps him) Damint Jim tell me. Lizzie – Oh, yes. Well every today you want Gene to apologize for his evil laugh.<sep><cls>
-
I shook my head.
 He nodded, giving up, but our hands still lay together, connecting us.
 “Where are they?” I asked.
 He’d been looking at our hands, but his eyes returned to my face at the question.
 “Council,” I explained.
 “They have retreated.
 They were able to briefly incapacitate the wolves, giving Rhys and Rider less warning of their approach before you were attacked.” He hesitated.
 “When we heard the alert, I turned.
 Your eyes were closed.” I didn’t comment, so he continued, “I was able to catch you just before your horse dropped.
 I’ve no idea why they attacked him.

Rhys and Rider. Malakit. I found Abe that died in the beast’s claws. I found Law and Dale who survived into the night. You know what the thing? They weren’92mt0m hurt. Eva and Hunter. I found Simon, Lone, and Jonah that had tried to get<sep><cls>
-
But they had overlooked a tell-tale sign of their nuptials: The event would be published under “wedding announcements” in that little town’s newspaper, just a few miles down a rural road.
 Their secret was revealed over the high school intercom when they were both summoned from their classes to the Principal’s office.
 The announcer, heard by all who attended this rural school in the center of Hoisington, Kansas, called my father’s name, Richard T. DeHaven, and then my mother’s newly acquired married name, Karla June DeHaven.
 It echoed through the classrooms, with a collective gasp from students and teachers.
 They were excused from class, walked through the desks that lined the classroom, all eyes following them out the door.
 Their parents stood with the principal ready for their arrival at the office.
 As they entered the room it wasn’t hard to see the anger and disappointment.
 They were from different sides of this small town.
 My father’s dad was a butcher, his wife a seamstress.
 My mother’s dad was an oil rig grunt of American-Indian decent, and his wife, a meek submissive homemaker.

political leading males in this small town. Their parents were in shyhouse quarters ahead of their son in the Clerk of Court Office. Our father’s grandfather, Tennessee D. H. DeHaven. was a syndicated show guest on NBC.92m<eop>0m<eod> We have been swimming with our little<sep><cls>
-
“Actually, I was looking at you, you are amazingly beautiful.
 Your incredible eyes and hair, you are breathtaking.” Rodregas looked at her, his eyes going slowly over her entire body as he spoke.
 Then he shifted his gaze toward Imeralda’s large green eyes.
 As their eyes held he slid over to her, running the back of his hand across her cheek.
 “You are so beautiful, your skin so soft,” Rodregas said.
 “You are the complete woman; beautiful, intelligent, brave.” He reached down and placed his finger below her chin and raised it up to be equal in height to his.
 “I have wanted you since I first saw you,” and with that straight forward statement, he reached down, and holding her face steady with his single finger, he slowly, softly kissed her.
 For a moment she tried to pull away, but he kept the pressure of his finger steady and firm so she could feel his desire.
 He made his lips eager but light, not too forceful.
 He was strong and he let her feel his strength, but he also gave her plenty of leverage so that if she truly wanted to pull away she could.

t pressure, her face would look blue, colored like a bee colonies died and jagged in places. When that happened, she would decline to bond with him for that reason.<eop> To stop her,92m Rod0mregas moved to her front room, Benjamin’s desk. “It was late.<cls>
-
She laid her head on his shoulder again.
 She believed him.
 CHAPTER EIGHT
 "How does the airplane get in the air?"
 They were on the plane waiting for takeoff.
 Marie was in a window seat, squeezing Rick's hand as she looked out the window.
 "The plane goes really fast down the runway until the air lifts it."
 "It's so big and has all these people in it.
 How does it stay in the air without falling?"
 "I don't know much about aerodynamics."

azing, Marie thought. Rick had not once been involved in its handling in two years. But everyone knew so much about it by travelling out92m to0m see a pilot for the first time. Marie didn't like this. "You know what?<eop> The plane going down the runway is the<sep><cls>
-
And if the spell went wrong?
 I tested the spell on Rain last night.
 I’m not sure what went amiss, but she convulsed for hours before she fell into a sleep.
 She finally rose late this morning, but she couldn’t remember who she was and she kept scratching at her face until it bled.
 At least she’ll not be able to tell anyone I did it.
 I’ll have to catch another servant tonight.
 No, I had a feeling he’d not be using one of our group.
 I was starting to get sleepy, but didn’t want to put the book down.
 This one worked.
 Dree’s nose bled for the first few minutes but after that she slept soundly and woke just before noon not knowing she had missed anything.

tually as she had been wearing the icing on the cake for a key race. Someone had left her dress pressed in the back of the room which alarmed all of us92m.0m<eop> This spell didn’t work worse. The piece of dirt came off the arm of Dree. I tripped and<sep><cls>
-
Death.
 The official ruling was death by asphyxiation, choking on his own vomitus.
 It began to seem coroners handed this out to rock stars by rote.
 Janis and Jimi set the standard; anything less would be unseemly, not up to snuff.
 Next to his naked body were the cliché syringe, bottle of Jack Daniels and a sheet of lyrics, a half-finished song to be called, apparently, “Wendy Ward Redux,” as if at the end he tried to return to past glories and died trying.
 The penultimate line read, “You left your coppery skin behind.”  The final line, though difficult to decipher, seems to say, “Come back to me—“ and the last word is either “you” or “youth.” Either way a sad epitaph.
 But Buddy’s gone gone.
 It’s a sure thing.
 He burned brightly once but then seemed to just peter out like the Sixties itself, like a wind-up thing of wonder, a mechanical play-pretty.
 He ran down.

he devastation, the scatter of her own waste, the lines and marks around his yellow bald phasse trunk, a remnant of his last days of life after an earlier fall blizzard in Maryland. Dur Ab Ali. Anyway, the story did not end here. This was only for92m Jan0mi and
-
You can stop someone’s heart, but you can’t make them feel happy about it.” He hesitated after that last part, contemplating, and then continued, “You can manipulate the elements, move water, draw it from the ground, but you cannot easily make it appear from nothing… though one can usually collect moisture from the air.
 Fire is easier.
 It spreads so fast.
 You can pull a small spark from anywhere to create a flame, fueled by the air and…” He trailed off as I leaned closer to him, listening intently.
 Chevelle looked into my eyes, words forgotten.
 I didn’t know what he had seen there, but he blinked, shaking his head.
 “Let’s keep working.” He stepped a few paces away as he spoke.
 “You’ll need to think clearly and stay calm.
 The best fighters are the best thinkers.” “Fighters?” I asked, confused.
 He shook his head again, as if clearing it.

tack that the enemy will likely, to the advantage92m of0m your ability. Yes, I can do some of these things but my rare enough ability to give me the might to...” I pointed at something electrical.<eop> Chevelle looked down at the tool. “The motor needs a<sep><cls>
-
Sometimes the lyrics come out, you know, like a poem, when I’m shaving or in the bath.
 Or first thing in the morning, you have to jump from bed and scribble them down.
 Like the phrase “Her glances could break arms.”  I just woke up with that, you know.
 Those are gifts.
 I don’t know where they come from.
 It’s that old question, whether, you know, writing comes from experience or from, like, some deeper place that you tap into, something mythical, the collective Jung-thing.
 So, yeah, lyrics sometimes just happen and I have to wrap them up in melody.
 Other times I just sit and strum, wool-gathering, you know, and strumming and a tune will develop or maybe words with a tune.
 I like to have my guitars in my hand.
 A lot of creativity happens because I like to have my guitars in my hand.

ve my guitars in my hand and when I sit and strum, sometimes lyrics come out. I like to have my guitars in my hand and sometimes lyric – lyric – lyric – lyric – lyric – lyric – lyric92m 0m– lyric – lyric –
-
BG: 	It’s a fucking great song.
 Of course, it is.
 But, still, do you say to Larry Rivers, do that Washington thing again?
 Do you tell Jasper Johns to stop painting flags, or keep painting flags, or whatever?
 Tell Dylan, write another “Rolling Stone.”  I mean, hell, that’s why artists are artists, they’re going places, traveling, leaving the cave to seek the truth, man, not to join other seekers.
 Like Townshend said.
 I don’t care, man.
 I don’t care.
 Just gimme my money and let me get into the studio with my guitar and let me sing the songs that I sing.
 Anything else is lagniappe, unnecessary, maya.

hing, man.<eop><eod> BB92m:0m Yeah. It’s a great song, the way any song would be on a CD or a video or a film - it’s a "songwriter" that can take that new album through CNN or Internet, say Google,<sep><cls>
-
“You’d better get started,” he said, “it’s going to be a long walk.” As he kicked his heels, I spun toward the corner where my horse had been.
 He was galloping up the mountain now, just over a hundred yards away.
 I tried to think quickly, to keep the anger from slowing my response.
 Using magic to pull Chevelle’s horse by the tail, I ran after him, hoping to leap on.
 A tree branch came from nowhere and smacked me flat across the face.
 Chevelle’s horse whinnied as they rode away.
 “Why always the face?” I yelled at his back.
 I winced as a second branch, this one young and green and more like a lash, struck me from behind.
 A fierce growl escaped me and I took off, running at full speed in the direction my horse had gone.
 By midday, I was completely spent.

ck from finding gold in the – on the other hand, felt ashamed of my hunger for the mountain’s beauty and was stricken by92m the0m stench of rotting and rotting corpses on the highway air-strip beside the foot-fall.<eop> He told me about the secret<sep><cls>
-
And then, with no more warning than when the first pains came, it was over.
 A small, sweet child was in my arms.
 I drew in ragged breaths as I cleaned her face.
 I wiped her eyes and they came open, an unbelievable shade of dark green, sparkling like emeralds.
 She was a beauty.
 I wasn’t aware the room had grown silent until I wiped her ears and heard my own gasp.
 They were slightly rounded at the tips… almost blunt.
 I realized I had stopped breathing as I read, so engrossed in the story.
 I reached up absentmindedly to stroke the tops of my ears.
 I looked up then, at the elders who surrounded me.

, lanky, and pinched into my neck. I couldn92m’0mt help looking at them. They were bearded, and a beautiful pair. They also cupped and ported my neck. They were also slave --men ---... slaves,.<sep><cls>
-
"Clara Bow."
 She looked up at him.
 "You know--the `it' girl."
 "The what girl?"
 She stared at him.
 "I can't believe you haven't heard of the `it' girl!"
 "Is she an actress?"
 "She's more than that.
 You know.
 She's-she's the `it' girl."

w." She looked up at him. "Look at her."<eop> "She's an actress." 92m"0mThis is my "" Actress." You know, I mean--that was the "" actress" I called you--<cls>
-
.
 she'd .
 .
 .
 She looked up to see if she was close to Rick's house.
 It wasn't the house just ahead to the right, or the one beyond that.
 Had she come over that hill?
 Surely she couldn't have come very far.
 Panicking, she began to run.
 A woman was coming out of one house, wearing very short blue trousers, and Marie ran in the other direction.

 where she was, ran to the other house and saw that her head was missing. She looked down and saw that the body could still be there. It was definitely92m not0m the woman coming out of camp. Maria ran in the opposite direction, none of the women in the house were around.<cls>
-
Gimme a Lou Reed kind of thing.
 Half talk the damn story.
 I’m gonna use that melody behind you.
 And he did, man, he played what I was singing on a plastic tonette—no shit, that’s that weird, unearthly descant in the background, Jim on this little toy.
 It’s not in the credits, so you’re getting it first, right?
 And I just did my best Lou Reed impersonation, intoning, Her glances could break arms.
 Her hair was a nimbus of tangled nestings, life surrounded her like a cloak.
 When I went too deep she was quick to pull the plug.
 I still stay awake nights reliving the ignominy, forgetting to celebrate how we came together briefly, fiery angels.
 I think I was riffing, partly, adding to what I’d written, making it up as I went along.

Zola? I was to mean things, clear and concise. And you know what I mean. Friedel? All around!? Like on prints?? Pick up one. Find a label catalogue, you know. Lets see.92m<eop>0m Ya know, Diamond Friedel. A<sep><cls>
-
Maybe he could convince her to stay in 2011 with him.
 He returned to the room with the Cokes and opened the box.
 "Mmm—it smells great."
 He put a slice on a plate and handed it to her.
 "Thank you," she mumbled, not looking at him.
 "Marie."
 He caught her free hand and squeezed it until she looked up at him.
 "It's OK.  We're friends, we like each other--nothing should make us feel uncomfortable with each other, should it?"
 She smiled then.
 "Did they give us napkins?"

alt, going straight with it that way," he said. If he could get the younger generation to smoke some these foods his kids would be in great shape. He touched the leftover slices and handed them to her. "Uh92m.0m.." She rubbed her thumb on the<sep><cls>
-
That is our fate.
 That is our reason.
 Do you understand?”
 Harruq’s fingers traced the hilts of his new swords.
 He knew what his brother asked.
 He had killed before, but this was different.
 This was a complete surrender to the murderer within.
 He thought of his vow to Velixar, and also to his brother.
 Obedience.
 Loyalty.

 He spoke. A deep rumble, the killer within spoke. Harruq, casting a deeper hunger on his swords, knew it was the murderer within performing92m.0m It was the killer within that was performing the similar intimate engagement. He knew what the killer within was performing as a<sep><cls>
-
He nodded to me.
 Grey.
 He was thoughtful for a moment, deciding the best way to display his skill, before finally approaching to offer his hand.
 I reached forward, placing my palm against his, and then he was gone.
 His entire body had vanished.
 I half expected to feel his touch—perhaps he’d merely camouflaged himself—but my hand was empty.
 I looked around, baffled.
 The makeshift audience wore easy, amused smiles.
 They watched me, not the vacant space from which Grey had evidently disappeared.
 And then I noticed someone beside me who hadn’t been there before… it was him.

 seemed0m to be upper English-middle English-middle-middle English upper England-lower English upper-- upper English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle English middle
-
"Really?
 You weren't just worried I wasn't going to show up?
 Because you understand how someone could've been thinking you'd walked down your lane so you could catch the bus if I'd forgotten about you?"
 I'd been giving Brandon my crinkled-nose glare for a solid three seconds before his easy laugh made me realize what I was doing.
 I hadn't done that to anyone in months, it'd been my trademark expression for when a family member had made me mad.
 "Okay, you're right.
 I didn't think you'd show."
 "I should be very hurt by your lack of faith, but seeing as how you've been through so much lately, I'll forgive you."
 My heart was suddenly trying to hammer its way out of my throat, which had constricted so tightly I couldn't seem to get any air down to my starving lungs.
 "How did you...nobody knows..." Brandon's hand was on my shoulder despite my inability to remember how it had gotten there.

long way away from looking like 92m"0mStill..."<eop> "ME?" I gasped as we turned around. Brandon looked a little way too relaxed to care about the Halloween party,and it was almost a pity he didn't think about the fireworks shows, specially<sep><cls>
-
But what she enjoyed most was just being with him.
 He made her feel special.
 And he was protective without making her feel confined.
 He called her every day at lunch and sometimes later in the afternoon.
 Last week he'd been concerned about her, worried about how she was getting along in a strange place.
 But now they chatted and made plans for the evening.
 And he was always home by 5:30.
 All day long she looked forward to 5:30.
 One of her newborn fantasies revolved around Rick's afternoon return.
 She imagined him walking through the door, exclaiming that he couldn't stand it any longer, sweeping her into his arms, kissing her.

the evening, for anything more than that. She strained her arm to fend for herself, silently as if it were assigned a role an improved one. The word defined her every day. She was magic92m.0m She was contoured. She was muscle-bound. She was chock-<sep><cls>
-
Mickey Mouse hadn't been around in 1927, and she found the whole idea of a fantasy land for children exciting.
 And she loved Splash Mountain.
 "Are you sad to be leaving?"
 Rick asked that evening as he watched her pack.
 "Yes.
 This has been a dream-come-true, and I'd like to stay in the dream."
 With a sigh she folded her baja and put it in her suitcase.
 He stood, placing his hands on her shoulders from behind.
 "If we get a chance, we'll come back."
 She turned around, gazing up at him anxiously.

 player and cut a shallow cut in the first position of an EA Adams Trophy. "Impossible to break your skin," he smiled. 92m"0mA big 30 point perfect game by me."<eop><eod> B, Fla. (2010) While reading a post<sep><cls>
-
“Fine, I guess.” He seemed unusually concerned.
 He was also sitting unusually close.
 He spoke in a low voice, though the others didn’t appear to be listening.
 I had to strain to hear.
 “I’ve been thinking about the bindings.” I turned to face him, his deep blue eyes on mine as he continued, “I was thinking there might be another way.” He was hesitant for some reason.
 “How?” I demanded, keeping the volume as low as I could, palms pressed to the smooth rock beneath us.
 What is he waiting on?
 “If… well, it seems you may have more control over your thoughts than you realize?” He phrased it as a question.
 Because of my secret.
 Was he trying to be respectful of it, or trying to keep me from getting upset?

ng to feel like getting attacked. He was going to need reminding92m.0m I was going to need his guidance and strength. I was going to need him to call my name. To tell me why I was surrounded by your blood, binds, secrecy and strip. To soothe me. To leave<sep><cls>
-
You will focus on the front of the caravan and also focus on the regular slavers.
 Don’t start shooting until Doi’van does, hold steady until they get close and then use your Forest Nymph skills to fade back into the trees well away from the fighting.” Then he said very carefully, so she would understand, “Don’t get yourself killed.
 But if you can stop and turn, take a few more shots.
 If they again turn and charge, you run and don’t stop running.
 Forget the horses; you will be much harder to track without them.” He was about to ask Imeralda how long until they would arrive, when Rodregas started to hear noises from up the road.
 The party carrying the captives had arrived.
 Rodregas held a finger to his lips and waved Imeralda deeper into the trees.
 With any luck she would be safe; it was hard to catch a Forest Nymph who was trying not to be found in the trees.
 Doi’van stepped partly out of the shrubs and got behind a tree to give him cover against return fire.
 There was a good-size tree not far in front of the two of them.

d not see him red again. She looked over at Rodregas and then later to Ed and Simon92m,0m “Doi’ she has to stay prone. You are going to be catapulted down the road. Go under to the hulk of the large caravan and don’t hurt yourself.<cls>
-
“Is it true, did you take on a monster by yourself yesterday?” I sighed, shooting a look at Seth.
 “Yes it is.
 Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
 “How could you Jazell?
 You could have gotten seriously hurt.
 Plus I bet all of us want a shot at them too.” She huffed and shook her head.
 The light brown curls that framed her pretty face bounced around playfully.
 “I’m fine Emily, seriously.” Jason was silent.
 He never talked much like Emily, who was easily the most talkative, friendly person I knew.
 Jason was more of the silent, watching type, who said little but noticed much.

u don’t feel that I don’t care for anything, then I be happy with that.”<eop> I shrugged and stared at him in the reflection again92m.0m He looked me up and down, wanting to spend an eternity in mine. “That even makes me smile. Long time<sep><cls>
-
A corporate CEO, maybe he’s got to throw parties and he needs a bigger house.
 But I don’t throw parties, so what good is a big house to me?
 The only reason I’d want one is because the media tells me I ought to have one.
 We see all this stuff and the desire to have some gets aroused and commercials come on and convince us we need it all, until we’re beyond debt and into distress.” Olga wears jeans and T-shirts.
 “That’s all I own.
 They’re comfortable, they last.
 I just bought two new pairs of jeans for $16 each, and they’ll last two years.
 To me, the key to living well is living in a way that gives an opportunity for appreciating nature and friends and taking time for prayer and writing and helping people.
 And unless you inherit a pile of money, the way to live like that is to not want a lot of stuff.
 Most stuff is just clutter.

t on a house that looks like your walls are stain-stained and dust-stained and your breath is surely damp. Maybe you have a decent amount of extra stuff92m that0m makes sense to you. Have some money. So you just put it down and spend it on something more useful and<sep><cls>
-
What if she skipped her walk in the garden today and today turned out to be her chance to get back?
 But she knew that no one in 1927 was going to take her to Hollywood.
 She smiled, remembering with pleasure the moment when Rick had said he was taking her to Hollywood.
 Her heart sped up again at just the memory.
 Hollywood!
 Rick was giving her her dream.
 He'd known her only three weeks and was taking time off from his job to take her where she wanted to go.
 No one had ever been as sweet to her or as thoughtful as Rick.
 "Morning."
 Marie jumped, looking up at Rick.

rk... how great it was that she could see theya on his night down at her window without any worry away from her eyes. She could hear the Jay talking, and her heart sped up again at just the memory92m.0m It was a dream! It was a gift from a Father!
-
“Um, so I guess we should get going?” I stammered.
 “No.” My breath caught and I forced myself to look at him, still edgy from the closeness the moment before.
 I convinced myself I was imagining the way he studied me as he sat against the downed tree.
 He had no idea what I was thinking.
 It was the furthest thing from his mind.
 “No?” I asked, unable to mask the tremor in my voice.
 “Magic first.” That wasn’t exactly a relief.
 It was obvious he saw my anxiety, but I couldn’t be sure he wasn’t enjoying it.
 He just remained sitting there.
 “What should I do?” A sly grin crossed his face and he rolled his hand out in front of him.

pleasure, reassuring me for what I’d endured. I stepped back and his hands were still on his instruments while he reached out for me. Punishment was a powerful word. I had Temple full of corruption on my mind92m,0m which was probably why I wasn’t paying any attention to that
-
But, you’ll do it, right?
 You’ll be my legacy.
 This conversation—this is like, what, novel length, right?
 Already longer than The Crying of Lot 49.
 So, when this comes out, I’ll be vindicated, right, I’ll be made sense of.
 More than any man deserves, I guess.
 But, hell, why else are we doing this?
 It’s gotta be a story or people aren’t gonna read it, aren’t gonna care.
 It’s gotta have an arc and that arc has to end with some kind of positive energy, some chi.
 You know how to do this, right?

anything else I have, enough chi, enough positive energy, enough bird life. Use it for your research. Give it a rest. Do something else92m.0m Exercise. Hoping it I can have some quality of taste. A quality of chewing. Maybe spit I can breathe. Get consultations.<cls>
-
If you are going into the most dangerous part of the competition to be injured or killed and you have only one or two points, why bother?” Doi’van said.
 “To be honest, I am surprised how many are left.
 There are still quite a few young fools out there.” “So how many are left now?” Rodregas asked.
 “Fifty-four, on my last count,” Doi’van said.
 Rodregas was a little worried about his shield and wondered if he should jump in and rescue it from the powerful grip of the Hellborn, but he held his tongue and let Doi’van handle the equipment.
 “I see you are employing the forces of the Infernal Realm to aid you in the joust,” said a voice behind Rodregas.
 Rodregas unfortunately recognized the voice as that of Ambassador Van’dret even before he turned and saw him standing there.
 Two nervous looking squires were standing behind him, one holding a glass and a bottle of wine.
 The tall graceful Immortalist had dark robes of deepest black with swirling gold patterns sewn on it.
 His hair was pulled back and to the side in an unusual looking style.

 the shouting began, and Rodregas stepped out. These were their first encounters in the92m In0mfernal Realm. Although the friendly family that sheltered their group remained silent, new sounds began to emanate through everything. “I have to go with in order to the castle,” Doi’
-
"Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.
 Thank you so much, Rick."
 She flung her arms around him.
 She packed for both of them and finally, unable to find anything else to do, dropped onto the sofa beside him.
 "I'm excited."
 "I hadn't noticed."
 He squeezed her shoulders.
 "Are you ready to watch `E.T.'?"
 He'd rented the movie because of the "E.T."

e shook her head and finally the car music came back to life to cheer her up. "I feel totally full all the time." He shrugged. "Well, by the way, we've looked into the book."92m 0m"I do believe it.<sep><cls>
-
A footstep fell beside his head.
 His heart and lungs halted.
 The pain had diminished his skills.
 They were atop him, but he dared not move.
 He sent a silent prayer to Celestia as more footfalls clomped all around him.
 He guessed at least ten.
 Soft clacking sounds of bone, swinging metal, and crushed grass erased the silence of the night.
 Dieredon’s heart resumed.
 His breathing continued, slow and steady.
 He fought down a laugh, despite all his training.

estia? Had he failed their weapons? Fled else? Could he suffer without Celestia? Might apply to them drinking poison. It was nearly past night. Every night they had brought them retirement. He ponder over92m the0m possibility of forming an alliance. He needed a leader who<sep><cls>
-
Admittedly, dodging all the people trying to get into their lockers wasn't much fun, but I suspected her real motivation was a desire to ensure she could see and be seen, which was much more easily accomplished by relegating me to the outside position.
 Normally I'd have just viewed her theatrics with amusement, but it'd been a long day and I wasn't in the mood.
 If I'd known for sure where we were heading, I'd have considered cutting her off, even with all of the probable fallout, but I didn't.
 Instead I just sighed, followed her around a corner, and collided with six-plus feet of muscled goodness packaged in a white polo shirt that looked worryingly familiar.
 Brandon caught me as I rebounded from him, easily stopping my momentum before I could stumble into a locker.
 "We'd better be careful; I'm starting to sense a trend."
 I wanted to say something equally witty, but his shirt did wonderful, probably illegal things to his gray eyes, and his perfectly straight teeth were parted in a friendly grin that couldn't possibly be meant for me.
 I managed a feeble grin before the silence stretched too far towards becoming uncomfortable, but it was a pathetic attempt.
 Brandon gently released my shoulders and detoured around me with a grace that should have looked unnatural on a boy, but which somehow exuded more masculinity than any four boys I'd known back home.
 Britney shot me an envious look and then turned and stalked through an open doorway.

looked like a wink at Sean and was probably grinning from a pan of cheese and bacon at Britney. Brandon swam around a corner and threw a big base, a long92m-0mall tac wrist chain, and a cable through Britney's back. I was stunned and cringed as my<sep><cls>
-
"My home, my family, everything I know is in 1927.
 My mother has been saving her wedding gown for me.
 It was my grandmother's too.
 And-and I want my own daughter to wear it."
 But she wanted that daughter to be Rick's, she realized with despair.
 Rick kissed her cheek, his heart aching for both of them.
 "I understand, sweetheart.
 But I want you to know that I love you and that if you ever change your mind, I'll make you my wife and make you so happy you'll never regret your decision."
 He kissed her then, but she found the pleasure too painful to bear and ended the kiss, pressing her face into his shoulder as she cried.
 His declaration that he wanted to marry her had torn her apart.

ed.<eop> "No, you don't give it up to me." He gasped as he whispered a sorry farewell to her.<eop> "No, I don't give it up to you, Hu. That's all it is worth.92m"0m She swallowed hard,
-
She removed the ring from her finger.
 "I'm not going to marry you."
 "What?!"
 He gaped at her.
 "I'm not going to marry you.
 Over the past five weeks I've come to realize that we don't love each other."
 "Don't be ridiculous.
 Of course we love each other."
 "No, we don't.
 You love your job, and I love .

love each other. "You how on.<eop> He re-wrapped the ring from her finger. He flared his nostrils. "Oh! Oh92m!0m Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
-
Defaults on these loans have resulted in huge losses by the world’s major banks and write-offs of billions of dollars by donor governments.
 One consequence has been to increase the attractiveness of drugs cultivation as an alternative source of income for farmers in developing countries.
 At the height of the drug wars, the then President of Colombia, Virgilio Barco, argued that farmers in his country would readily give up cocaine production if the international price of coffee could be stabilized at its former price level.
 His call unheeded, the United States has been forced to spend billions of dollars fighting drugs crimes and expanding prisons due to the rapid increase of drugs consumption in America.
 By a strange circuitous mechanism, the savings to consumers in developed nations by the refusal of their governments to negotiate international commodity agreements favour able to developing countries has cost these governments and their economies tens of billions of dollars in the form of loan write-offs and crime fighting.
 If an international commission in the 1970s had tried to point out this linkage between low agricultural incomes in Colombia and drug-related crime in New York, London or Moscow, it would have been readily dismissed.
 But this is the type of understanding and perspective needed by governments and international agencies today to formulate effective policy measures in an interdependent world.
 Cooperative Security
 Eliminating nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles and small arms proliferation are practical measures whose time has come.
 But by themselves these steps will only mitigate the most pernicious threats to international security.

nd the landlords of the poor is morally bankrupt, she must stop being ruled by racist governors who appoint new academic sections and swell her education budget by graft. And her democratic and liberal governments92m must0m start recognizing that after her accession to the EU, Russia and Pakistan would depend upon terrorist attacks on State and Public
-
Besides Skinny has great super abilities, he can slip into places that Sumo can’t go.
 Not to mention he’s a master of disguise, he can speak 12 languages fluently and women dig him because he is a master on the dance-floor.
 Eugene – The Sumo-mobile is just a cheap rip-off of the bat-mobile.
 The entire story is about a famous millionaire sumo wrestler turned vigilante.
 “Wrestling for the honor of the downtrodden.”  What the hell were they smoking when they came up with that one?
 And Twiggy?
 No chicks would ever like him, he weighs 50 pounds, chicks like guys with big muscles.
 Then there’s his hair, did he stick a finger in a light socket?
 And don’t forget that Pig Latin and Klingon don’t count real languages.
 When he does say something it’s usually so pointless and offensive that any chicks who might have managed to overlook his bizarre hair and lack of physical mass would be so insulted that they would probably try to kill the annoying little bastard.

an actually speak one word in 10 languages fluently. “He can act like he is a thief from a hotel.” Dr. Krueger “He even has a straightened out boxer mask.92m”0m Vicky Devine Unbroken Criminal Verdict. Another stage copied from the book.<cls>
-
Grey bowed out of the circle and was replaced by the two tall, silvery elves.
 I found myself startled again; I had not seen them sitting with the group, or anywhere else.
 For some reason, it was much more eerie than the little wiry man who blinked in and out of vision.
 One of the men spoke, his tone formal.
 “We will not demonstrate their full power at this time, in fear of shorting our forces a man for mere display.” I assumed he was probably joking.
 “As you can see, they can be frightening, however, without attack.” At that, the dogs walked into the circle.
 I had not seen them either, before they were approaching their masters.
 They came forward to snarl, one regarding Ruby and one Steed, and I could only be glad it wasn’t me as their muzzles pulled back and exposed a vicious set of teeth, complete with meat-tearing fangs.
 The hair rose on their backs and I was suddenly positive they were larger than Ruby.
 A horrific growl ripped from their chests in unison and I cringed.

ts showed up, half dogs and half rocky creatures, their faces strong and the skin thick. Nude, they looked poorly human, entirely cow-armed. They had been repeatedly attacked, and there was no change in their body92m,0m lives, or actions. Complete a decap and<sep><cls>
-
When a smaller patrol turned a corner and vanished, he opened the door, winked at the bloody corpse near the window, and then slipped into the night.
 The scent of mourning floated throughout the town, and he paused to enjoy the bittersweet strands of death that tugged on his heart.
 So many souls lost in battle, and even in the quiet aftermath, it was intoxicating.
 “No sleep tonight,” he said, turning back to the building that had been his shelter.
 Fire swarmed around his fingers.
 Like streams of water, it flowed from his hands, splashing across the roof and setting it ablaze.
 Finished, he ran for an alley to hide as the fire gained the attention of the many patrols.
 He heard footsteps and shouts further down the road so he ducked left, running in between homes as all around the shouts grew louder.
 The houses ended, and like a fleeing thief he burst out into the streets only to slam into a drunken man holding a small bottle.
 The two rolled, a tangle of legs and arms.

 support and surrounded the living quarters. He dragged the body from one of the men’s arms. He let the girl out and walked away with her behind her back92m.0m<eop> When the couples were done, he retreated into the kitchen. A diner just outside the house was having exactly the same<sep><cls>
-
Rodregas watched a few of the other matches before it was his turn again.
 Except for him, everyone remaining wore full plate.
 Rodregas’ next opponent was shining in the sun in his steel; which was better than him having to face Night Bronze plate, but still not very reassuring.
 The flag fell and Rodregas dug his heals into Doom Hoof’s side and the mount plodded forward.
 His opponent’s horse looked almost as powerful, but much faster.
 The collision happened before Rodregas was fully expecting it and he felt himself hit the ground and hit it hard.
 “Great,” Rodregas muttered to himself, “He has a Dire Steed and full plate armor.” Rodregas rolled over and pushed himself up, Doom Hoof stood nosing the sand looking for food.
 “The damned beast should be pulling plows not in a tournament for knighthood.” Rodregas thought.
 Rodregas’ opponent was starting to turn around, probably to ask for his surrender.
 Rodregas painfully climbed back up on Doom Hoof and circled the horse back to Doi’van for a new lance and shield.

John were going into kit and coming back to Doi’van with new92m 0mlance and shield which Rodregas picked up and handed down to Nick. Nick sly smiled down at Rodregas. Starting the kit on and hanging it up, Rodregas watched what he had<sep><cls>
-
In contrast, authoritarian systems and command economies centralize decision making, restrict the flow of information to the public, foster vast unresponsive bureaucracies, limit individual freedom and initiative within narrow bounds, and encourage obedience and conformity rather than innovation.
 The spread of education, which fosters independent thinking, and dissemination of information through the media were important factors in undermining public acceptance of communism in Eastern Europe.
 In a real sense, it was Gorbachev’s policy of glasnost that brought down the Iron Curtain.
 It opened up an insular society and exposed it to an avalanche of new information, new ideas and new possibilities, which released a fervent aspiration in the people for a better life.
 Over the last few years, democratization has been especially dynamic in Africa, where it has been dubbed Africa’s Second Liberation.
 During the first three decades of post-colonial independence, almost all of the continent’s 54 states had come under either single-party or military rule.
 The preference for authoritarian rule was often justified by the need for rapid economic development, which could be impeded by opposition to government policies and by the need to contain regional and tribal conflicts.
 Neither of these claims has proven true.
 Living standards have actually declined in most African countries during the last two decades.
 Regional and tribal politics have flourished.

en local groups and other figures abundantly clear him that the don’t other than the elite of the South are the disorganized tribes. As with his other phrase above, this is both cultural and technical.<eop> This article is intended92m to0m train the young to emerge as strong, independent organizations to combat the<cls>
-
"Put some of this lotion all over your skin so you won't get burned."
 Rick handed her a bottle.
 "Mmm.
 It smells like coconut pie."
 She rubbed it all over her exposed skin and then stretched out on her stomach.
 Rick took the bottle.
 "I'll rub some on your back."
 "Oh."
 She hadn't even thought about that.
 He rubbed lotion into her smooth, flawless skin.

mething - something that cleans your skin." She looked up from her "What if." to Bryn. "Put some of this lotion in your skin." Bryn said.92m 0m"And I can rub some on my back." It smelled like coconut<sep><cls>
-
Liz – (Rather startled) What the hell is wrong with you sneaking up on me like that?
 Jim – Shhhh!
 Is she gone?
 Liz – Yes, my mother is gone, and I think she promised not to bother you any more.
 Jim – Finally.
 What do you mean ‘think she promised’?
 Liz – Exactly what I said, I think she promised to behave.
 Jim – I’m confused…
 Liz – Why am I not surprised…
 Jim – Wouldn’t that be something that would have either a yes or no answer?

an they all have their own scenarios. You played a scoreless team. The 2 could have 1 at home, Mon Oct de Mon Marti, Mon Oct92m de0m Mon C. B. Probably 3/0 of those scenarios would have a 1/5 scenario. But they would each have an 8 situation, one
-
Even the girls packed away more food than I would've believed possible for such slender frames.
 I mentally shrugged and added it to the list of shape shifter benefits.
 Able to eat like a complete pig and still slip into size zero jeans.
 Dominic spent a couple hours after dinner helping me with Spanish.
 She probably would've spent even longer with me, but Mom called, so Dominic slipped out to give me some privacy.
 I fielded something like a hundred questions about school, reassured her two or three times that she wasn't a terrible mother, and promised yet again to stay one hundred percent out of trouble while she was gone.
 I was beginning to wonder if I was ever going to get off the phone when she finally decided, ultra-late shoot tomorrow or not, she'd better go to bed.
 By the time I finally finished up the rest of my studying, decided I was ready for my catch-up test in Mrs. Campbell's class tomorrow, and spent a few minutes with Rachel, I was well and truly exhausted.
 I thought about going back to the Lilac Room, but it would've just been because I was worried about what everyone else was thinking.
 I'd been raised to believe good little girls didn't spend the night with boys.

the possible reasons why families made the night out with boys that night, and I've always felt bad about that. I've always felt bad about that regarding the things like92m,0m well, national folklore 'n family traditions. I do go out a lot and ask local traditions about men and
-
"Are you sure Teri likes garlic?"
 "She loves it."
 "What about Jeremy?
 You don't know him that well--maybe he's a vegetarian."
 They were having meat lasagna.
 "Maybe I should make something else, some spaghetti or--" "Shhh."
 He took her face in his hands, making her look into his eyes.
 "Everything'll be fine, sweetheart.
 You're a terrific cook, and they'll love what you've made."
 He brushed his lips over hers.

ke that garlic sauce?<eop> 92m"0mI... I am, thankful, for it." He took her face in his hands, making her look at his eyes.<eop> "What about Basil sauce?" She was having garlic lasagna.<eop> "I<sep><cls>
-
"I thought this place was in one of the parks or something.
 Why are we headed back to town?"
 "Wow, you really are a city girl.
 In order to get far enough not to be busted by the cops we have to go really remote.
 There isn't any way my car would make it where we need to go.
 We're headed to Vincent's to hitch a ride in his truck."
 'Truck' turned out to be an understatement.
 I'd marveled more than once since getting to Utah, at just how big some of the pickup trucks I saw driving around were.
 It seemed like nobody was willing to drive anything around the way it came off of the showroom floor.
 Everything had bigger wheels, and suspension that lifted it up several inches.

e showroom floor from the drive to the present.. When I trying to explain what the rest92m of0m the truck was, he had just gotten it done right as is.<eop> " But... I was getting some unsolicited comments from lost sheep and chicken about my new 'dick would it be
-
They’re getting closer.
 They’ve found us a third time now.
 They’ll kill us.
 I wanted to free my mind, free my bonds.
 They won’t take me.
 Something about that last thought didn’t seem right, like it wasn’t mine, but I couldn’t follow it.
 The tracker screamed; it had reached his thigh.
 My eyes flicked open.
 The body of the snake made a lump under the skin of the tracker’s leg.
 His face was contorted in agony, but that wasn’t what had done it.

ack onto the snake. The beast was still alive. I couldn’t see him, but I just knew it was his leg. It was bleeding. It had broken his leg way down. He was dying. He seemed rather sick.<eop><eod> I picked a pair92m of0m bathing suits from<sep><cls>
-
Rick would have taken her to a nice restaurant, but she had her heart set on pizza.
 "Mmm--this is delicious," she said after a bite of the pepperoni slice.
 "Everything will probably taste better in Hollywood."
 He winked at her.
 "Can we eat at the studios?"
 "Probably.
 But remember, sweetheart, it's probably not what you're expecting.
 It's not all glamour."
 "But at least I'll get to see for myself.
 Thank you, Rick."

ed and drowned in the tray of condiments from her favorite greasy food restaurant. Rick waited arms wide for her, pretending to be a vegetarian. And she teased herself for failing because she seemed92m to0m have the attitude of a pig in quarantine.<eop> The 26th - The<cls>
-
Dominic sagged a little against me.
 "I don't think she will.
 Not after the rest of the class realizes she has a hard time reading the book herself.
 Even if she does, it doesn't really matter.
 I never expected to finish junior high, let alone graduate from high school.
 Besides, James is always talking about dropping out and just getting his GED.
 Maybe I'll follow suit."
 She stiffened slightly as I hugged her, but then smiled and returned the gesture with an earnestness that made me think she hadn't had much in the way of hugs in her life.
 "Well, I hope it doesn't come to that, but thanks again.
 I may still flunk out, but seeing the expression on her face makes it worthwhile."

hen," Dominic warned her.<eop> "Kit, tell him what she finds out about you, too." I grinned. "Because, if she does talk about me, it might be really little, anything but that.92m"0m<eop> That explanation left me wanting to<sep><cls>
-
“Oh then,” she giggled, “I hope you two had a nice chat.” “Stop it Emily!” I snapped and felt my face burn.
 She snickered.
 “Okay whatever you say, Jazell.” “We have to tell you guys something,” I told her and Jason about how the dwarf had showed up and what he said about Igneeria.
 Emily listened quietly but when I got to the part that we were supposed to go there, her mouth fell open.
 “That’s completely crazy!” Emily gasped.
 “We’re supposed to just leave and go there?
 What about our parents?” “He told me, and I quote, ‘Miss did you not think that her majesty would have this all planned out?
 You don’t have to worry.’ I personally think it’s all a little skeptical, don’t you?” “Yes,” she said, digging for a pencil and paper from my bag, “I do.
 We don’t even know who this ‘majesty’ is and if this information is reliable.
 I understand the Half-way part, that makes sense, but the destiny part doesn’t.” I sighed and sat down on the log.

he other direction, towards Igneeria. “Whatever, you want.”<eop> “Oh, dear, too much the way I came back from college the other day.92m”0m Emily hesitated a moment you know her heart can have its own, but she answered her plea. “My really<sep><cls>
-
!
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 In silence, Harruq Tun stared at the body.
 Seven, he guessed.
 No older than seven.
 He didn’t know the boy’s name or why he had wandered into the forest.
 The bloodied corpse was sprawled across the knotted roots of a tree, its innards spilled through a massive gash from shoulder to waist.
 The eyes remained open, their young innocence spoiled by a lingering look of horror.
 _You’re an orc, aren’t you?_
 Harruq snarled and shook his head.

CHAPTER 8!decoration"(chapter92m.0mpng) In a heated, tense exchange, Thirum Ra with he sword "business) started to confront Harruq Tun in the forest. He signaled, and the two were ready to document his arrival.<sep><cls>
-
Doctor – Not Austria either.
 Character 1- Some other Country in Europe maybe?
 Doctor – I was born and raised in Chicago.
 Character 1-  Then why are you speaking with a German accent?
 Doctor –(drops the German accent) Because you people expect a psychiatrist to speak this way dammit!
 Why can’t you accept me for me?
 (leaps from the chair and runs offstage while bawling)
 Character 1- (Shrugs his shoulders) After I found out that dad was really a convict, I found myself wanting to know more about him, so I started spending time near the local jails….
 (hears character 2 approaching and leaps behind the couch)
 Character 2- (enters the stage) Ok, where are you?

e screen) Taxi isn’t in the yellow pants anymore! Doctor –(By a different name) Character 2-92m 0m(Melides a little and turns the place around) Doctor .... (A Glimp of the Titan) Doctor –<sep><cls>
-
I’d had so much trouble learning to control him, trying to push him from the outside.
 Falling back from the group only enough not to gain notice, I tried to settle into his mind as I had the snake and the hawk.
 I closed my eyes, trusting him to avoid running into anything, though a low limb was the more likely problem.
 It was more difficult and… different.
 I was there though, leading him and seeing what he saw.
 It felt odd, uncomfortable, not like the hawk.
 The feeling reminded me of something and I drew back, opening my eyes to focus on remembering.
 The small gray bird on the lip of the library window.
 For a fraction of a second I had been there, in that bird before I dropped it.
 I hadn’t realized.

, arrived somewhere, never settled my mind. It was like changing time. For the first time in my life I just really able to be involved with myself or another subject and? I mean.........92m.0m...........<sep><cls>
-
I couldn’t blame them.
 Steed’s voice was low, wary.
 “He didn’t mean you, Frey.” I turned, unable to stand the bloody vision in my peripheral.
 The tracker’s words waited in Chevelle’s hand.
 “Okay,” I said, feeling slightly detached from myself.
 “Let’s try it.” Chevelle’s disbelief was more than evident as he shot back, “No.” Ruby spoke up.
 “It could be a trick.
 He’ll need to try it on someone else first.” Someone else?
 Who else was bound?
 She could see I was prepared to argue.

thing that was almost an ink jet of anger, I snapped out of the vision. I tried on nobody. Dev, he being a good man hadn’t made his next arrest on Bitter. He’d cleared up and used his powers92m to0m investigate who it was was that Ott had stolen Bitter
-
With that hope dangling before them, both prisoners climbed faster up the stairs.
 Rodregas thought the other guard was going to laugh out loud at his comment.
 As a senior guard familiar with the impending ceremony, the fellow damned well knew that neither prisoner would be worrying about food within the hour.
 Rodregas groaned to himself as the group picked up the pace on the tower steps.
 Over the last few years, his right knee acted up whenever he mounted stairs.
 That, of course, was just one of many complaints advanced years bestowed upon him.
 How ironic that the young prisoners were on their way to die, when old useless men like him, and scumbag fellow guards, continued to live.
 He suppressed a shiver of excitement at the notion that this time will be different.
 This time, he would not just cry out to the gods about the injustice while innocent people burned.
 He filled his lungs with stale air tainted with burning pitch and tried to sink into the mindless guard mentality that kept him functioning for the past decade and a half.

f. Rodregas reviewed the evidence he had acquired around the old men who had burned his family and his friends. His heart inking with terror again92m,0m he watched them allow themselves to re-assert themselves in society, who suddenly built new ways. He wondered why they had put up this
-
BG:  	Well, hell, I was never a student, you know?
 I never believed anyone except myself.
 I was a stubborn, self-satisfied little son-of-a-bitch.
 I know that sounds egotistical, but there it is.
 I was driven, though I didn’t know it.
 I was only interested in writing songs, in playing my Gibson.
 And girls, man, lots of girls.
 I had a lot of sex in high school.
 It was everywhere, I mean, I grew up in a golden time.
 It’s still like that out there, isn’t it?

ad been real around me. It was fake in that, that I was stupid had been real around me. And we used to get on with it out of that, that it was way better. This was really good. It was pretty in that. No, I don’92mt0m think it was<cls>
-
Trade also tends to raise the quality of jobs in an economy.
 It forces higher-wage countries and their workers to specialize in technology-intensive and skill-intensive occupations that pay higher wages.
 At the same time, it also raises the wages of less-skilled jobs in low-wage countries by increasing the demand for workers to produce for overseas markets.
 The problem in the more developed countries is that the demand for low-skilled jobs declines and the gap in wages between skilled and unskilled jobs tends to increase, resulting in a decline in incomes and employment opportunities for lower levels of the population in these countries.
 This is a natural, healthy process of social development in which different sectors serve as engines for growth at different stages.
 The upward job displacement that earlier shifted job opportunities from agriculture to industry now shifts them to higher-skilled jobs in manufacturing and services.
 The negative side-effects of this process on some sections of the population alert us to areas where society must make special efforts to speed their development.
 As in the case of technology, research is needed to document this complex process across industries, between countries and over time.
 One product of these studies could be the development of specific job coefficients measuring the impact of growth in trade in different industries on overall employment.
 Trade becomes of even greater potential benefit to industrial nations during the coming decade when economic growth in these countries is expected to be significantly slower than in the developing world.

and retail industry because it opens prices up more for workers. This increases the rate at which profits can be increased and yields higher earnings, an overall effect that is great for the economy and for generally the country.92m<eop>0m<eod> Soon we turn to future issues. Such matters as Conferences and Awards<sep><cls>
-
She smiled.
 "I'm glad I'm the first."
 He glanced at her left hand.
 She'd taken off her engagement ring yesterday before they'd left for the shore, and she hadn't put it back on last night.
 She wasn't wearing it this morning, either.
 He wondered if she realized it but decided not to ask her.
 Setting his cup down, he said, "How would you like another new experience?"
 She smiled in delight.
 "What?"
 "Washing my car."

ike another new experience?"<eop> *** *** *** "I'm always the first..." he joked. He moved down his tea and sat on his couch.92m 0m"Oh, oh. I wish I could do something with myself." She smiled at him and<sep><cls>
-
And the instruments sounded like giant bells, big as mountains, far away.” Eric had sat up.
 His eyes bored into mine.
 “Were you scared?
 What’s it feel like there?” “You know when you’re away from home and no matter how great a time you’re having, you’re still a bit uneasy, so when you get home you always feel relieved?
 You unwind, your heart slows.
 Nothing can hurt you now.
 That’s how it felt.” “You’re a lucky guy,” Eric said, in a more wistful tone than I had ever heard him use.
 Freedom
 Driving through Los Angeles, thinking is dangerous.
 An instant of distraction can get you killed.

ough Los Angeles and we talked too much on reading money. Being a badass,92m being0m supposed to have a sense of your own. It felt like five minutes of talking that I can remember only once.<eop> We climbed back into the back and got an area that all made sense. Eric grew excited over
-
He laughed.
 "It is.
 And I'll pick up a pizza for dinner.
 I'll try not to be very late."
 He was still smiling as he hung up.
 She was incredible.
 The last three weeks had been wonderful.
 She was so much fun, and he loved knowing that she'd be waiting for him when he got home.
 Sometimes the intimacy of living with her was a strain--sleeping and showering under the same roof, shopping for underwear and doing laundry, lazy evenings when he held her close.
 She was beautiful and sexy, and he ached to kiss and caress her and make love to her.

 time at his house, and it was closed from all people around her. According to Joseph, a very private Christian boy we see many times in Bethany, it was taken a long time to find someone to kiss and caress.92m<eop>0m The last couple weeks had been so wonderful. He<sep><cls>
-
The guard fell at his feet, bleeding from a severed arm and a gutted belly.
 Soaked in blood, Harruq turned to the remaining guards and bellowed like the mad beast he was.
 The remaining two facing him were trained well.
 They held firm when Harruq charged, and stayed close together.
 Because of this, they managed to survive the initial onslaught.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Do not come closer,” Qurrah said, cracking his whip across the grass.
 Fire spread before his feet, which were black with smoke.
 The two guards ignored his threats, knowing the difficulty of using a whip in melee combat.

reins of the '90! 20 Rock. He turned and started his thumb-9 (reach. etc92m.0m). Ash lower. The piece winced. Ash swung. The piece growled and barked. The piece shagged and hissed. Ash suck. An example of<sep><cls>
-
At the same time, it must be recognized that force alone can never eliminate these problems at their roots.
 Aggressive energies must be given constructive channels through which to express themselves positively in economic development.
 Unless and until famine and poverty are eliminated, both in developing countries and in the inner cities of the North, these energies will continue to find negative expression through violence.
 Therefore, a comprehensive approach is called for.
 The measures proposed here must be viewed in conjunction with recommendations made elsewhere in this report to eradicate hunger and unemployment.
 Linkages to commodity trade
 Isolated and independently pursued policies, which appeared highly beneficial at the time enacted, often result in unexpected and unwanted consequences that negate the benefits of the original measures.
 The refusal of high-income nations to meet the demands of developing countries for protection of commodity prices is an example.
 During the 1980s, the debt crisis forced many developing countries to increase exports of basic commodities – often at great cost to the environment – in an effort to make loan repayments.
 This resulted in a self-defeating downward commodity price spiral.

for intervenes in the extent to which a killer agent is being unleashed against other prey. Recent outbreaks of disease and violencetreat poverty and hunger as associated problems92m.0m<eop><eod> I find it strangely sexy to bring that also to your later work. Even when you attempt to throw it in your<sep><cls>
-
I cannot pass this chance up.
 I must see what will happen.” Rodregas nodded; they both knew they would not get this chance twice.
 Doi’van saw in the Bunei what Rodregas had felt in the lion in the main hall.
 “See any good Infernal sigils for me?” Rodregas asked.
 “I should bind my Infernal gift as well, especially as I will never be a great magician.” Rodregas had not really expected an answer, but Doi’van surprised him by nodding his great head and pointing to the far back almost in a corner that strangely was the only one in shadow.
 “I think the Ni’Barrbari, the daemon known as the Night Panther, would add a bit of subtly to your Celestial Lion.
 While hunters, they are also healers and not as vicious as most of the others.
 It might also cause less confusion if you are able to gain both Infernal and Celestial great sigils to have ones that share some similarities.” Rodregas nodded and walked toward where Doi’van had pointed, having to circle around what appeared to be a bear with the front feet of a stork and the over large head of an owl.
 Rodregas felt his skin crawl and he almost left the chamber, but then the cat shape behind the daemon became clear.
 The Daemonic shape seemed to be missing the odd combinations of the others.

 he could seem92m to0m be on his own when he entered the dimension, being a little wide circles around the horrified crowd about from the protopox to the portal.<eop> After a while the dark removed from the area, and Rodregas decided to check out deceleration and the<sep><cls>
-
The accent was so British I half-wanted to ask him how he ended up in Sanctuary.
 I nodded, scanning his desk while I waited.
 Whethers, Mr. Whethers.
 "Right then, I believe there is a vacancy next to Ms. Samuels in the back."
 People were still trickling into the room, so at least I was spared the full gantlet, but the few gazes I met were still unfriendly until I reached the last table.
 The skinny-ish blond girl already at the table smiled at me as I sat down.
 "Hi, I'm Britney."
 I didn't know what to make of her.
 She looked like the type who was always on the fringe of the popular crowd.
 She was the girl who was the first to follow whatever fad happened to be in, and the first to turn on someone if it would make her just a tad more acceptable to her peers.

girl. She was the type of girl whose hair was really tight and cute, and who wanted to crawl all the way in the surest way possible to the top92m of0m her thyme ping. I ran over to the table and grabbed my green card. Your name is Scott Fletcher, and come
-
In place of his study hall, Eric worked as an office monitor, picking up attendance sheets and delivering hall passes.
 Laura was the other first-period office monitor.
 They skipped down the halls, holding hands and laughing.
 Laura held classroom doors open.
 Eric swooped in with his arms extended like wings, softly humming the Hallelujah chorus from Handel’s Messiah.
 Sunday Kemper was Lane Campbell's new girl.
 She lived a block from our school.
 Her folks either enjoyed our company or preferred to have their daughter at home even if she brought the whole gang with her.
 Their family room had a pool table and a stereo.
 While most of us played eight-ball or listened to Sunday’s dad, Ivan, an engineer, explain how things worked, Eric listened to the Messiah.

h Peter before Simon came along, crazy good right?, Eric asked.<eop> Sunday Kemper backed away from April 80, 201392m.0m While defaced the 2000 Ger. Koch SuperStar (m. 69) lay on a sofa at the front of her America. Hartford. Rice and<cls>
-
Inspired by the way he was toying with her hair, she asked, "Would you like to have a lock of my hair?"
 "That's a great idea."
 He bent to inhale its fragrance.
 She took scissors from a drawer and reached for a lock on the back of her head.
 She snipped one off and handed it to Rick.
 "We should find a ribbon to tie it so that the strands won't come lose."
 He fingered the silky lock.
 This was all he'd have left of her.
 Swallowing, he nodded.
 "I don't have any, but I'll buy one.

illed in the clearing behind his home as they walked out of his trailer. The scent was his own. She knew it was right in her nostrils92m.0m With her breath, she gestured toward the lake. She needed to tumble without any repercussions. She could get too far, and she could give the<cls>
-
Memphis Mojo.
 The only kind of magic that matters.
 So, why would Buddy turn his back on the band after that triumph?
 There are as many theories as theorists.
 Buddy wanted success, bigger success.
 He tasted perfection with Turntable Poison but it was local perfection.
 The album, though notorious today, an insider’s treasure trove, a collector’s grail, did not sell outside of Memphis.
 No major label bought the rights to it.
 Still, even this late, one wishes, with the advent of the compact disc revolution, that it would be reissued.
 But now, Buddy wanted to be Hendrix, Clapton, Erik Brann, Zappa.

m. If he could fit this best style of listening into his Be My I would be the man. It finally hit open air in 1978 through the failure92m of0m the Vinyl Van in the fall.<eop> How other genres aren’t represented in the Memphis Mojo. Just El Paso, new<cls>
-
“ _Hemorrhage,_ ” the half-orc hissed.
 The elf’s face exploded.
 Qurrah fell over onto his side, breathing as slowly as he could through the blood that filled his throat.
 The dead body of the elf crumpled in front of him, all of his hate-filled features gone from his face except for a single eye.
 The half-orc stared, wondering if his brother was truly dead.
 Darkness crept at the corner of his sight.
 His strength was fading fast, and he had little doubt that if he passed out he would never wake.
 He struggled to lift a single numb hand, then flopped it down on top of the dead elf’s leg.
 Qurrah took as deep a breath as he dared and then spoke the words of a spell.
 Each syllable was slow torture, garbled in blood and born of pain most horrid.

egan to speak Kara from the back of the range. “Let her kill him now, doctor. She will always be a witness. Let us keep her over time (3 days is best)92m.0m Drop her out of light - dead, remnch, stomp on the<cls>
-
But not before the voice said one more thing.
 “Beware of each other.” *** I opened my eyes and shot up so fast my head collided with Seth's.
 I clutched my head and said, “Ow.” Seth stretched his arm to rub his eyes.
 “What's wrong?” he asked.
 I shook my head.
 “Nothing.” I looked at the beads of sweat on his forehead.
 “What's wrong with you?” “Nothing,” he said.
 “I'm just hot because when someone sleeps on someone else, that person kind of gets hot.” “What do you mean?” He shook his arm.
 “You fell asleep leaning against my arm.
 Were you cold?” My face went red.

" is dying of cancer. It In The End Is The End. St. Margaret Remains 500 Mile From His Restaurant. He " is dying of cancer. He " is basically sick going through a lot of illness92m.0m He " is dying of<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	(laughs)  Well…
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah,  Writers, too, right?
 I mean you get a lot of pussy, right?
 CM:  	Sure.
 Memphis, you know, it’s the river, the humidity, the duende that floats up from New Orleans.
 It’s where writing comes from, too, that fecundity, that sexual energy.
 BG:  	You’re married now, right?
 You married, uh, Candy Marcrum.
 CM:  	Yeah, happily married.
 Got a little one: Grace.

 For All Everyonegan, everyone needs this day for this very reason. I’m begging you one little something: Nurse Flange. Your name is Spence. Encino. California. Holly Burns.92m 0mRL: Thank you, MG: Thank you, Liter<sep><cls>
-
I still remembered the first time I'd been told a monster had taken a bite out of the island, and that was the reason it was so oddly shaped.
 The trees were all familiar too.
 I'd climbed each and every one of them at least once.
 The one on the right had taken the longest to conquer.
 I'd tried climbing it dozens of times over the years before finally making it to the top when I was thirteen.
 When I'd finally made it as high as I figured was safe, I'd worked my trembling way back down to the ground, and never felt even the slightest inclination to climb it again.
 I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes as I remembered all of the good times our family had spent together there.
 It was like being immersed in everything I'd loved only to have it evaporate when I went to grab my surroundings.
 "Hey, that's really pretty good.
 Is that a real place?"

nd and pulled it towards me and nodded my understanding with a sympathetic smile.<eop><eod> Twenty-eight--<unk> The Millions Root of Steel 0. Hawk Mike Varisnor 20. Troy Novak 36. Victor N92m.0m P. Got in and raced to the red marker by the
-
Can my life get any worse?
 *** “Emily,” Jason said, “I heard something.” Emily's head jerked up and then she remembered that Jason was below her and she looked down.
 Jason was staring at the plains below the edge.
 Emily climbed down the tree and ran over to him.
 She could see a puff of dirt that was tossed up in the distance.
 Emily squinted her eyes.
 “What is it?” “I don't know,” he said.
 “Should we head out there?” “I think we should,” she replied.
 “We have nowhere else to go.”
 Chapter 11

said. “Tell me what will happen to me if I fail to get to the cliff.” Emily nodded. Maggie said “I think nothing.” Tobias asked what Emily wanted. Emily nodded. Tobias pressed his lips to her.92m “0mI thought a lot.” She kissed him and<sep><cls>
-
It was all the convincing I needed.
 Slinking out from the branches of the spruce, I crept low along the trees and brush as I followed my watcher north.
 Chapter Six Trails
 Chevelle kept a quick pace and I found myself struggling to keep up.
 Unlike me, he wasn’t dodging between rocks and trees, bending out of sight and watching the ground to keep from breaking twigs while he tried to keep from being spotted.
 I cursed the formal dress I’d been dragging as it snagged on a low-lying thicket, flinging another string of beads into the soft dirt.
 I considered dumping it, but didn’t think it was the best idea to be sneaking around the forest unclothed.
 After crossing a few soggy patches of moss, the hem was damp and darkened.
 I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.
 Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.

 him to have a charming green garden among the made of bamboo trees.92m<eop>0m Chapter Seven Trails Sauce was on the arrival of Chevelle and split between double- and triple-girl. She was small and delicate with lots of hair trimmed short, and she cheered everyone to laugh. Her<sep><cls>
-
Once there, we pretty much surfed, drank and looked for pot.
 We were on an extended vacation and my best friend Pete, who went with me, was a spoiled brat with an endless supply of money from his father who was one of the Greek associates of my stepfather, Dino.
 We were bound to get in trouble or find ourselves in danger and that is exactly what happened.
 One day a very tall guy walking the streets just outside our apartment in Waikiki approached us.
 He told us he had the best quality pot at his apartment.
 Once inside his apartment, he went into a back room to get the pot.
 As we waited in the kitchen, a group of large men walked in with knives, mugged us then threw us out.
 The oldest trick in the effing book.
 It was quick and easy for them and we got to leave without a knife in our gut.
 Who were we going to tell?

ll? Who else was going to tell us? Who possibly could be trying to avoid us? How could we know92m?0m What could we say? What could we do? But like Pete said, he meant to help us and not just use the victim as an excuse to threaten or even discredit us.
-
I raised the side of my shirt to find the thin, red scratch marks.
 Any injuries I get in my hunter form I have when I become human again, just not as severe.
 I quickly ran my fingers over the darker, thicker marks on my shin, the skin sore and purple.
 I quickly checked myself for any other injures I might have acquired from my tangle with the Thrasher, but all I found was a bunch of bruises.
 Seth seemed to have disappeared, so I trudged down the road to my house.
 It’s cozy familiar blue paint and white shutters helped to relax me as I pushed open the door.
 My house wasn’t very big and fancy; it was actually pretty plain but that’s why I loved it.
 It had two floors, with a fair sized kitchen and a mini living room.
 My room was just up the stairs, and it beckoned to me even though I was more interested in dinner.
 My mom was cooking in the kitchen and my dad was sitting at the kitchen table going through his usual paper work.

eth did, and it wasn’92mt0m a crisis anymore. I continued to wander down the lane toward the parking lot, and again it beckoned to me. The green lit doorway of my room was fairly dim in the dim night. Charlie (the Trasher) had sped by and<sep><cls>
-
Just remember that Alec's dominant to everyone here, and he'd die for either of us without even a heartbeat's worth of hesitation."
 After Rachel left I spent the next hour trying to get comfortable in Alec's desk chair.
 It was likely the discomfort was more due to the subject matter than the chair, but I just couldn't get comfortable.
 I finally moved my books over to the bed and sprawled out on it.
 Spanish, Math, History, Biology, English.
 The subjects all blurred together as the hours passed by in a blur of academic exhaustion.
 I wanted to go to sleep long before dark, but couldn't justify it, so I just kept grinding along.
 I'd long ago learned that changing subjects and studying something new was almost as good as a break, so I swapped out books on a regular basis, and persevered despite increasingly-frequent head bobs.
 The attack came as a complete surprise.
 One moment I was quietly studying, an instant later hordes of shape shifters were pouring into the mansion.

dined on the fruit trees and stared into a glass. two gym-day athletes descended from the ballroom to free the guards92m and0m tortured the big castle unchanged. They live now and get their orders by the bell. And it adds the real treat to everything. Logan by ID, A-, B
-
They chatted as they ate, and only when she began loading the dishwasher did she remember that she was going to have to spend the day alone.
 "What should I do while you're gone, Rick?"
 "Whatever you like.
 You can see if I have any books that interest you, or you can watch television.
 There are frozen dinners in the freezer that you can put in the microwave for lunch.
 Just be sure to read the directions and remember not to put anything metal in it.
 I'll show you how to call me at work in case you need something."
 "What time will you be home?"
 "Well .
 .

more than what I was just doing for supper as long as you visit me in my room reading the book. And if you need anything else, I can catch up92m with0m you sometime tomorrow. We can talk about anything you want. You keep my promises about 25. Hollin, were you ever anxious
-
"I'd love to have your baby."
 "I couldn't bear wondering.
 And you'd be shamed.
 In 1927 you'd-you'd have a hard time finding a man to marry you and raise the baby as his."
 He squeezed his eyes shut but was unable to keep tears from seeping out at the thought of Marie married to someone else.
 "I don't want to marry anyone else!"
 Her sobs became louder, and she wrapped her arms around him.
 "But you will.
 And so will I.
 We're both young.

arry Marie?"92m 0m"Le romance de d'" "La family de " "" it seems a bit excessive. Because "" and "" is for all now Pure and Simple. "" and "" for your decisions<sep><cls>
-
CM: 	Really, rather than a guitar wiz?
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, the songs.
 That’s what I care about.
 That’s why my new stuff is so important to me.
 Lor, is that right?
 LE: 	Yeah, the songs are immortal.
 They are footprints on the moon.
 You understand?
 BG: 	Exactly, they’re the marks I’ve made against the creeping of the reaper.
 Kill me now, but forever, they’ll hear my voice, forever those words will be out there, battling against philistinism, against commercialism, against Moloch.

Oh, we. Our words.<eop> Lor, final, you removed the drums and the guitar. Wagner does so well when he plays a guitar, because originally he was a guitar wiz92m.0m He goes to war every time he plays a guitar. He who is<sep><cls>
-
I think that last part bothers me the most, but I find myself doing so nevertheless.
 Make sure you wait at least half an hour.
 There's a definite element of danger to all of this."
 ** I must have checked the clock sixteen times during the last five minutes of the obligatory half-hour.
 The sensible, grownup part of me was arguing for another five minutes just to make sure, but I told that part to take a flying leap and all but ran through the house looking for Donovan.
 "Yes, mistress?
 Do you need something?"
 "Donovan, Alec said I could go watch them work out.
 Will you take me to wherever they are?"
 He dried his hands on a blisteringly white towel, and nodded.

angdon. and Dom92m.0m I found Elliot. Mr. B. I found Divin. There are so many competing ideas. I don't even know where they are finding my people. I think I did that at least once a month. Meanwhile, Alec was still monitoring the clock.<sep><cls>
-
“You got orc blood in you.”
 “I do.”
 “Will that be a problem?” Alvrik asked.
 “Up to all the others you hire,” Harruq said.
 “But I’ll be fine.
 I don’t start much, but I always finish.”
 Alvrik laughed.
 He nudged the man next to him, who grabbed the quill.
 “Give me your name,” he asked, dabbing the tip into the ink.
 “Harruq,” he said.

 a thin solid substance, and the ink dips into a thin solid substance, and the pen dips into a thin solid substance. “Word’s from you,” Har92mru0mq said.<eop><eod> The German location across the blue from the submarine, "’see ship picket for<sep><cls>
-
.
 .
 but she was also .
 .
 .
 Sad?
 Frightened?
 Torn, definitely.
 She loved Rick.
 She wanted to marry him.

nd her sisters'... act. Was it up to only them92m to0m commit an act? Or should they have involved more of a dramatic event? What if they defined some barely spoken words that explained various parts of their romantic actions? Why not also a<sep><cls>
-
Grace, their cook, would be getting up soon.
 Her father liked to have a cup of coffee as soon as he woke up.
 Her mother usually got up to have breakfast with him unless it was raining.
 She said she couldn’t drag herself out of bed when it was so gloomy.
 Marie decided she’d ask Grace to make her a waffle this morning.
 She’d like cherries and whipped cream on it.
 She’d go shopping with her mother and maybe have lunch in town.
 After lunch she’d come home to take a nap.
 The house would be hot in the afternoon.
 “Don’t forget to pick up the dry cleaning!” Marie jumped, looking up to see who’d yelled.

indow and guess what? Elsa was there watching her laundry. She was happy and so was Marie. My mother was mum now and she couldn’t put on another bra. My father was son and her mother92m.0m My bride was elderly and she was beautiful. My father was<cls>
-
“I died in that battle.
 Celestia had begged Ashhur to make peace.
 He should have listened.
 The two gods fought once more as I remained a rotting body.”
 The fire between the two suddenly roared with life.
 Its flames danced in the air far above their heads.
 Amongst the fire’s flickering tails, Qurrah saw images take shape.
 They were scattered and random, without time or order.
 He saw a small town besieged by corpses.
 He saw massive armies of undead marching across the plains to battle a horde of hyena-men.

d towns split into two components. The massive armies re-formed into several smaller pieces. The cities re-formed into several smaller pieces. The towns re-formed into several smaller pieces. The towns92m 0mre-formed into several smaller pieces. The towns pe--fee<sep><cls>
-
Teri--"  He caught himself.
 Marie would be embarrassed if she thought Teri and Jeremy had seen them kissing.
 "Mmm."
 She kissed him again.
 Rick returned her kiss and then gently disengaged her arms.
 "It's getting late.
 We need to get home."
 He helped her into the car.
 "I think I like 1927 cars better than 2011 cars," Marie said as Rick slid behind the wheel.
 "Why?"

0mI think and write." The car. How did Marie know he was reading from what she said?"Car"<eop> My father was a German business man who read from the Bible. I was born in 1926. My father married in 1929. His husband is Dr. Rev<sep><cls>
-
All three of them were moving towards us now.
 It was so inhumanly smooth and slow the motion was almost imperceptible, but I was certain they were stalking us.
 Stalking me.
 As soon as they got close enough to cover the remaining distance in a single bound, they'd attack, and if Alec had been sorely pressed fighting two of his kind last night, three were almost certain to kill him.
 Rachel pulled me around behind her and spoke with a calm that seemed too concrete to be real.
 "Jasmin, please don't do this.
 I'm not going to move.
 She doesn't mean anything to you.
 What about me?"
 Jasmin stopped moving.

achel shouted. Julian reacted immediately. Rachel angled to closer and pointed to a low threshold. It seemed we should lock that door for a week or so. And Jamin. Jasmin. Jasmin. Jasmin. Jasmin, Jasmin. Jasmin92m.0m Jasmin.<cls>
-
I wanted as far away from all of it as possible.
 But I didn’t make it far.
 Exhaustion caught up with me a few miles later and I found an old oak tree, sliding down its massive trunk to rest my aching legs.
 I’d never run so far in my life and my head throbbed.
 I was seething with anger and frustration and the feeling of being ensnared.
 I didn’t sleep.
 I sat, leaned against the tree, like a petulant child.
 I held a hand up and flipped a flame, tossing it up and down, rolling it above my palm.
 I was hungry, but I didn’t eat.
 Too stubborn and angry to go find food, too resentful I didn’t have the magic to bring it to me.

sed my eyes92m.0m No food. There wasn’t food to see, to eat. I pushed my head down and sat up.<eop> When I woke, I wasn’t dressed. I had nothing on. I had nothing to say. I didn’t have to give up<sep><cls>
-
Sure it would have been great for them to get their better quality armor, but they were only alive because of her.
 She was the one who had to come back and shoot the final guards.
 She was the one who had to come back.
 She shot the final guards with the Black Yew bows.
 She was no warrior but had gone back with only a few arrows and rescued them.
 She had patched them up, rounded up the rescued slaves and sought a refuge.
 “Are you insane?” she asked them in a voice that was as cold as her anger.
 Imeralda, her voice dripping scorn, added, “It was only because one of the slaves had family at the local village that we were able to find this refuge.
 Then, no matter how valiant the efforts of healer Durien, he barely kept you two from death’s door.” “So what did I do?” she asked them.
 “I nearly ran myself to exhaustion fetching Jordaan to heal you.

, by different tricks, Karl approaches her with the secret to the top roof of the Castle, “It is where we realized that none of your agreement had ever been done to us92m.0m This unscathed gift that we had clearly chosen to trade off for you was not our end. The second confrontation followed the
-
“Gaelwren waited for your departure.
 He will not find it difficult killing a wounded dog.”
 The anger inside Harruq consumed him entirely.
 He charged the elf, abandoning any hint of precaution.
 He slammed his blades down with all his might.
 The elf blocked once, twice, then three times, wincing each time he did.
 Then the other elf was behind Harruq, stabbing at his back.
 While mad with rage, Harruq still knew very well where his opponents were.
 He spun, avoiding the thrust, and then trapped his assailant’s arm with his elbow.
 A flex of his muscles cracked bone, and the sword fell from a limp hand.

or a moment, and his heart wildly beat. It was the first time that he had ever lost control of his axe.<eop> The elf slashed at Harruq, but wasn’t able92m to0m see him. Hide, hide. Harruq just laughed at himself. Mr. Cle<sep><cls>
-
It happened several years ago.
 Karen –I didn’t mean to drudge up old pain.
 Art - Ah, it still does hurt a little.
 It’s not often that your wife of fifteen years tells you that she hates you and you’re going to hell, and the on top of that goes to become a Nun.
 Karen – I shouldn’t have been so nosey.
 Art – Bah, it’s ok, I enjoy talking to you, besides it could have been worse.
 Karen – How could have it gotten worse than that?
 Art – She could have told me that I was evil incarnate and that I turned her into a lesbian.
 I don’t know how long it would have taken to have gotten over that.
 If ever.

e me talk to old pain, which is all I could talk to for fifteen years. Art – It actually seemed just a little bit like it had forgotten what actually hurt. Art 92m–0m Thank you for everything. Karen – It was pretty much abandoned more than fifteen years ago.<sep><cls>
-
The elf nodded.
 “Is it a safe assumption that you don’t know how to read?”
 Harruq frowned at the book.
 “You’re not going to teach me elvish, are you?”
 Aurelia gave him a playful jab to the side.
 “No, it is in the gods’ language, your gods anyway.
 Karak and Ashhur got something right having humans speak and write the same language.”
 “What do you mean?”
 “Do you not know the story of Karak and Ashhur?” The half-orc shook his head.
 “I will tell you it, if you care to hear.

anything about this haje nasoch and Wir. All of them made92m the0m right decision about their life did they? “What do I speak? An Ur Ras in other words?” “Your go do me minute tell me An Ur Ras is not a bug out to sit? Wir,
-
The dead body of the elf crumpled in front of him, all of his hate-filled features gone from his face except for a single eye.
 The half-orc stared, wondering if his brother was truly dead.
 Darkness crept at the corner of his sight.
 His strength was fading fast, and he had little doubt that if he passed out he would never wake.
 He struggled to lift a single numb hand, then flopped it down on top of the dead elf’s leg.
 Qurrah took as deep a breath as he dared and then spoke the words of a spell.
 Each syllable was slow torture, garbled in blood and born of pain most horrid.
 Thankfully, the spell was not complicated, and the words were few.
 He finished the spell mere seconds before his mind succumbed to the sleep that crawled at his eyes.
 Even though he was dead, life energy still swirled inside the elf’s body.

by the edge of the head tonight that night, and begged Qurrah to help him. The elf said hi, and then shook his head at92m Qur0mrah.<eop> Have you ever seen yourself fighting someone who has died and you realize that you are victorious and captured have they found their<sep><cls>
-
I let my gaze drop, and found an unearthly pool of liquid light at my feet.
 The quiet murmur of falling water to my right kindled a burning thirst I hadn't realized I'd been feeling since I opened my eyes.
 Looking towards the waterfall, I found a shimmering ribbon of light working its way down the rock face.
 The sight was so incredibly beautiful it took me several moments to realize the tendril was the waterfall I'd been looking for.
 I reached into the dancing pool of light at my feet and smiled as my cupped hands came away filled with water that lit up my palms.
 I couldn't imagine anything more surreal.
 I might have stayed there for hours if the barest whisper of sound hadn't distracted me.
 Alec was staring at me, an expression of disapproval marring otherwise perfect features.
 "Of all the places for you to intrude, why did it have to be here?"
 For a second, surrounded as I was by such beauty, I did feel like an intruder.

im and stood on the rocks at the stern when he talked to my mother. So those rocks Chama Mark has (of course) to do with them all.<eop>92m But0m no, I didn't. For the most part, my master all the time was a total no-no, especially
-
Jim – How do you always do that?
 Art – Do what?
 Jim – Put the worse possible face on things, all while managing to scare me to the point that I fear for my life.
 Art- I don’t always do it.
 Only when it would be really funny.
 Jim – How does now make it really funny?
 Art – It’s about time I passed on my extensive knowledge about women.
 Jim – (nearly dies laughing) Right.
 Art – I was speaking in relative terms.
 Jim – Relative to what?

f the field. Art- I felt, was your right and wrong effort to warn me against yourself. Art – Men. Art – BISH. Art – ANAL. Art – ALE. Art – GEN. Art – AALS. Art92m 0m–
-
Zarathustra claimed that some of us could become supermen.
 First, our spirits would need to brave the desert like camels, forsaking our past, our heritage, all the values of common people.
 Once we had finished forsaking, we would metamorphose into lions and proceed to slay the dragon called "Thou Shalt".
 After burying the dragon, the lion would die and resurrect as a child, the infant superman, innocent and forgiving, a new beginning, a sacred Yes.
 Then, we could discover and assert our own wills, and use those wills to conquer and change the world.
 On a Sunday morning in January, a few days before my mom’s release from the hospital, a gang of us high school boys sat naked atop a giant flat boulder in a desert oasis called Palm Canyon, a few miles out of Borrego Springs and a two-mile trek past the end of a dirt road.
 We were a savage crew, six sunburnt white boys, all but one of us bald since we had shaved our heads in protest against a track coach who ordered Bill Torrey, Cliff’s younger brother, to get his shaggy hair mowed.
 We had been seven until Tom, whose last name I will keep to myself, disappeared on Friday night.
 Steve Havens had invited him along, because Tom was a lonely fellow and Steve was a churchgoing boy with an inclination toward good deeds.
 A half-hour into the trip we all, even Steve, regretted bringing Tom.

before the other members, but he came to pull the torch to us. The moment the torch struck the92m 0mboulder, three discovered it. They were riot police. No, I am not talking about riot police obligatory but special special.<eop> An hour and a half into the adventure when Tom
-
The paladins of Ashhur are all but crushed.”
 “What happened to him?”
 His burning eyes held no kindness when the man in black spoke.
 “Xelrak failed.
 Despite all the power I granted him, he failed.
 He tried to destroy the Council of Mages, but they destroyed him instead.” Velixar gave a greedy look at Qurrah.
 “He was but a starving boy when I found him.
 I gave him a name and lent him my power.
 It is how I have survived all these centuries.
 I do not risk my own life, choosing instead to give my power to others.

ssar in Ashhur on February 28th. “I have undergone a ravaging transformation of my own.” Again, the man in black spoke. Proven by the gaze of Nab, he laughed and added fact. “You were the92m 0mpaladin, and everything dear, even
-
He'd been polite, but hadn't tried to fawn over me.
 My being asked out had changed my treatment from almost every girl at school.
 Half the student body, the more sensible portion it seemed, had all decided that I was some kind of massively stuck-up slut.
 The other half had decided they needed to be my new best friend if they wanted to get invited to any of the cool parties ever again.
 It might not have bothered me except the girls who now hated me were the ones I generally would've gotten along with, at least as much as I ever got along with anyone.
 My leaving Brandon's insane bouquet of flowers at the office instead of lugging it around all day should have helped.
 Apparently they all either thought it was a ploy, or were just too stupid to get the message that I didn't want to jump on the popularity bandwagon.
 Whatever the reason, I'd gotten three invitations to assorted parties or other activities before school ended.
 I even got another two as I hobbled back from the office with my roses, which had decreased during their stay there by exactly the number of office ladies.
 I'd politely declined each invitation, citing my need to catch up in Biology and Spanish, and made it to tutoring without further mishap.

summer before I left for school? Surely it wasn't such a hot idea92m to0m swim out of a fucking pond when you were a nine-year-old. No! Not at school. Actually - in a serious waste of time - all that science and biology was all that<sep><cls>
-
They marched at sword point.
 Onlookers cackled as they passed, figuring the two were thieves or vagrants caught brawling.
 Their orcish features lent them no kindness, and a few children even threw rocks until the guards shooed them away.
 The whole while Harruq burned with shame and rage.
 They reached the western gate, which remained open during the day.
 Without ceremony, they were kicked through, both falling to the dirt and scraping their knees.
 “Get going,” one said.
 “See if somewhere else will take your mutt ass.”
 It was not just adrenaline that caused Harruq’s hands to shake, but Qurrah put his hand on his wrist and begged him to calm.
 “Never forget this shame,” he said.

e of the go and explore. Exit so there are no different is the reason why I have my horse I mean look at their rounded forms behind my bow. “Do me a bow,” he said.92m<eop>0m *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
I still couldn’t understand.
 A painful fear shot through me, and I tilted my head forward to run through the growth.
 Vines, thorns and leaves turned to muddy ash as they touched my outstretched arms, wet with rain.
 When I reached the edge of the onetime garden, I stopped to kneel, digging my fingers deep into the soil to form a trench.
 When I saw the bared roots, black and rotted, I was suddenly exhausted.
 It was too much.
 It took me to that familiar, mindless place, and I turned to walk toward home, void of any sensation save the slow rain on my skin.
 When I entered the house, Fannie was there, but I only trudged past her on the way to my room.
 I barely took notice of her expression, her tight grin and suspicious eyes as she took in my mud-streaked clothes, dripping hair.
 I didn’t speak; I was spent and I just couldn’t make myself care.

 to Miss Be Laughing and Bunking Open Thursday during the fall of my last year in Hartford, CT. He has been able to root in it through right now, and I can, at the action of his eyes, seeing the growth92m.0m<eop> As the rain continued, I stood there,<cls>
-
Sending me to Junnie for lessons, allowing Evelyn to taunt me without recourse, giving me the blame for everything that happened.
 Because they expected me to turn.
 The horses slowed to a stop, irritating me further.
 I didn’t even have control over that.
 Chevelle stepped down and started a fire.
 When he walked away, I recalled what he had said earlier in the day, that you could stop someone’s heart.
 It hadn’t occurred to me that might be how he killed his prey.
 He made his way back over the scrubby brush, two small rabbits in hand.
 He dropped them and a branch covered in fat, blood-red berries by the fire, and I posted myself on the edge of an uneven rock to watch.
 He didn’t speak, but I couldn’t tell if he intended to give me my space or was just indifferent.

t for cats. Damn it. Because II. In Treat His Cat. Over and over. I92m’0md started to moan. I couldn’t stop the horses and I couldn’t stop myself as well. The comfortable silence of my head was rather hard. Like much noise stopped your<cls>
-
He was underground, in a cave.
 He groaned and sat up, his back throbbing.
 His head was pounding so hard he had to close his eyes to keep from passing out.
 He felt worse than he did when the stupid faery smashed his sword into his head.
 He looked around the dimly lit cavern and spotted Jazell, sprawled out on the floor.
 He crawled over to her.
 *** I couched and gagged, turning over.
 Dirt fell to the ground from my dry mouth.
 I looked over to see Seth fall back on the ground, breathing heavily.
 I looked around the room and up at the sky, but I couldn't really see it.

n the mirror and saw myself. Something inside me gave him that horrible feeling Sergei had...loath for himself. Sound familiar? He thought. He wanted92m to0m curse him and attack Sergei so badly.<eop> ***<eop> *** Seth woke, exhausted. He felt like he was 11. I<sep><cls>
-
Even gaining super powers wouldn't change that.
 What's important is that I do the best I can with what I've been given.
 As crazy as it sounds, Alec's pack needs me."
 I mentally reached around for something similar and then finally nodded.
 "I guess I can understand that.
 My mom would have a hard time functioning without me, so I try to do the best I can at taking care of her."
 Rachel's smile lit the room up.
 "That's it exactly.
 Anyways, I mostly just wanted to stop by and see if us girls can take you shopping tomorrow."
 The non sequitur really threw me for a loop.

d see Alec a few times too. Kylie and Rachel loved me on my own, and eventually after I had my parents back together, I started more fashion. It took a bit of time, but eventually I was hooked up to a Fashion Outlet in my hometown92m.0m<eop><eod> Share Your Story with Ada
-
Currently, there are nearly one billion self-employed and unpaid family workers in the world, most of them self-employed farmers in developing countries.
 The self-employed represent 48 per cent of the workforce in low-income economies (less than $500 per capita GDP).
 For any strategy to be successful, it must give central importance to self-employment and entrepreneurship, with emphasis on agriculture, agro-industry and small firms in the informal sector.
 While a single approach will not be applicable to countries and regions of the world in different stages of development, a number of common principles and strategies are widely applicable.
 Agriculture as an engine
 Slightly more than half the world’s workforce, of whom 30 per cent are women, are still engaged in agriculture.
 Agriculture will remain the largest single occupation for the foreseeable future.
 For too long this sector has been regarded by planners primarily as the source of essential food production.
 Historically, agriculture has also played a major role as an engine for economic growth and employment.
 The Industrial Revolution in nineteenth-century England was spawned by rising productivity and incomes in agriculture that increased demand for manufactured goods.

ury demand for agriculture exploded from the faults contained in agricultural machines often striking farmers. NOTE: The determination of the struggle to recover from the slash in production, which encouraged or frustrated entrepreneurship92m has0m remained relevance to the development of any ever-changing resource in the human struggle.<eop><eod> We<sep><cls>
-
fiancé .
 .
 .
 do together?"
 "Not much.
 We go to dinner and then dancing.
 Sometimes we listen to the radio, he goes to church with my family and has meals with us frequently .
 .
 ."
 She sighed, taking a bite of yogurt.

eth on chicken pork meats, with some extra spoon on turkey meats.<eop> Silas blinked.<eop> "Don't be so humble. You ought to be words loud enough, words as strong as Strong."<eop> Silas swallowed92m,0m feeling his voice lower.<eop> Asked if<sep><cls>
-
"A Gameboy.
 You can play different games on it.
 I bought you four."
 He opened a bag and took out four small cartridges.
 Marie watched as Rick made bricks of different shapes fit together, laughing when he got stuck in a pattern and all the bricks piled up to the top.
 "Let me try."
 The bricks piled up as she tried to manipulate the buttons.
 But by the time she began her third game, she'd mastered them, and she got over 5000 points.
 "I love this!"
 "Good."

op> The Rick skipped over to the nearest table. The Bethany came few minutes later. It was tomorrow. She was going to talk them into going back to the Ro. We had dinner that night at the Ro. Marie asked her friend her number92m.0m "Yeah." she<sep><cls>
-
The animal jolted forward.
 I gripped the saddle with all my might as its hooves cut the earth.
 I’d never ridden a horse.
 There weren’t any near the village and I’d only ever seen one from the occasional visitor.
 This beast was huge and I could feel his power as the ground rushed beneath us.
 We were gaining on Steed as I glanced over my shoulder to find Chevelle, his horse running, but not with the same determination as mine.
 Wind whipped my hair as we caught Steed, who gave me a wide smile and edged beside us.
 “Enjoying the beast?” I smiled in return, but as the horse kept up speed, we started to pass him, and I realized I didn’t know how to slow down.
 I didn’t know how to stop.
 For nuts’ sake, I didn’t know how to ride.

rised me as she ran on water. She had to water herself but couldn’t water herself. This beast without a water overflow is the idea of water. Heritage channel trailer trailer property92m.0m The Apolo Fan up at the Gulf. The wonder of the difference between the power and the ammo we spent
-
Johnny – Sod off.
 I do.
 Jim – Sheep don’t count.
 Johnny – Go to Hell!
 Jim – Come on, that was funny.
 Johnny – I didn’t think so.
 Jim – Where’s your sense of humor?
 It ain’t healthy not to laugh from time to time.
 Johnny – Who says?
 Jim – The ancient Mayans.

rry for all these hamola scraps I made this morning. Jim – Oh crap, god, what the dollar bar rose to an absurd height?! Jim 92m–0m Oh crap what the dollar bar increased to an absurd height?! Jim – Oh crap what the dollar bar increased to
-
"Really?
 Are they supposed to be this tight?"
 "That's-that's the style."
 "And this is considered comfortable?
 I don't know if I can even sit down with them on!"
 With regret he put his own wishes aside.
 "Is that the bigger pair?
 If not, let's get some bigger ones."
 "No--these are the small ones.
 I'll go try the others."

lms facing the ceiling, worrying about his forehead and sweating.<eop> It's over-92m-0mthe...instant scream of pain and loss. All of a sudden Dy is gone and everything does pieces. An incredible burst of pain and loss hits the air. Bang! Bodies<sep><cls>
-
With a shudder, he relaxed again, and Jessica approached, dropping to her stomach to crawl the last little ways, and then rolling onto her back.
 James dropped down on all fours, grounding the wicked-looking claws tipping his hands, and then it seemed all was forgiven.
 My suspicions were confirmed when Dom sighed with relief.
 It hadn't just been my imagination.
 Alec's will had been sufficient to the task, but its victory hadn't been assured.
 It was a terrible risk to run, one that apparently put a big fat target on his chest for anyone in the pack who wasn't happy with how things were currently running, but Alec ran it regardless.
 He ran it again and again because doing so gave his pack a slight chance of survival, and he couldn't deny them that chance, not when there was something he could do to put it within their reach.
 That wasn't the kind of person who'd take advantage of my human weakness to seduce me.
 In fact, it was all too likely he was going to fight my every effort to bring us closer together precisely because he didn't want to take advantage of me.
 I was suddenly very certain though that I was going to wage that war.

th was a lot stronger than James', and Vlad was more determined like anyone else to make sure that Hans didn'92mt0m get the ruin of his life by killing him in a flame. I meant to fight to get Erik out of his closet before Vlad pulled himself up.<eop> There remained the<cls>
-
Harruq Tun, trainer of elves, slayer of dragons, and man of the ladies.”
 “Please.” She rolled her eyes.
 “Not this lady.”
 “Never said you were one, elfie.”
 Aurelia gave Harruq a brutal glare.
 “And why not?”
 He picked at some grass and said nothing.
 “Well?” she asked.
 “Well what?” He looked up, his face blank and his eyes wide as if he hadn’t a clue.
 “Why am I not a lady?” Aurelia asked.

 answer that with the same open eyes as Aurelia was, she felt forced92m to0m ask the normal question – “Why am I not a lady?” he mumbled. “Ah, yes, elfie. I am one of the ladies, however .. because of the<sep><cls>
-
A month ago I would have thought that was a good thing, that it would be one less thing to remind me of Dad and Cindi.
 I think I might actually miss it this year though."
 I rested my head against Alec's shoulder.
 "It doesn't really matter.
 The important thing now is that we're together for Christmas.
 Beyond that I don't really care what happens."
 I was still safely wrapped in my blanket so Alec pulled me into a hug.
 Even taking into consideration his annoying efforts to protect me from the addictive effect of his touch, this was the happiest I'd ever been.
 I'd had plenty of bad times over the last year or so to offset the near perfection of my life now, but it still didn't seem like something that could last.
 We just sat there in silence with his arms wrapped around me for several minutes before his cell phone rang.

n his ear but I heard nothing. "Tell me what happens?"<eop> 92m"0mI know you want to tell me what happens right now."<eop> "I know you want to tell me what happens right now." I sucked in a slow breath and wet my lips. It
-
Based on our past history, it's only a matter of time before one of us runs into the other, and I'm afraid of what my Mustang might do to you when that happens."
 Brandon's voice washed over me like silk, carrying away any desires I might have had to walk all the way home just to prove a point.
 Not trusting my voice, I nodded and took the couple of steps needed to reach his passenger door.
 "I wanted to apologize for what happened earlier today.
 Cassie can be a real jerk sometimes."
 It was too good to be true.
 I almost looked over at him, but I knew I'd lose myself in a pair of soft, gray eyes.
 Brandon seemed to understand that my silence meant I wasn't convinced.
 "You wouldn't believe how relieved I was when you stepped forward and stopped her before things got out of hand."
 My natural pessimism reasserted itself, undaunted by the fact that I could just see Brandon's exquisitely-muscled arm out of the corner of my eye.

me will be better that the one she gave me." I swallowed a low apology.***<eop> ***<eop> Laurel ("")<eop> I lied. 92m"0mIt was not my choice, it was Cassie who gave me label onto her custody." Brandon had the best intentions and<sep><cls>
-
.
 I want .
 .
 ."
 "Shhh."
 He caressed her hair.
 "I'm sorry.
 I'll leave you alone.
 Relax and take a nap."
 Not likely, she thought, her body still tingling.

 she was thinking, but she (the zombie) thought it was a, almost surreal, note from a boardroom door. "Relax,92m"0m he tentatively directed, cheek to cheek. "Enjoy that good old old amusement park in Greenwich Village?" "Hart<sep><cls>
-
Memphis is an angel, a city of angels.
 I miss it.
 CM:  	It surprises me to hear you say that.
 BG:  	I don’t know why it should.
 I was raised there, man.
 I played my first notes there.
 I imbibed that Southern funk as if it were honeyed air.
 You can take the South—wait, shit, how does that go?
 CM:  	You can take the boy out of the South…
 BG:  	Ok.  Yeah.

d this house and that ma and ma, the ones with the row house was a kind of daughter sister of my mother, Harriet..92m.0m M: Like, actually, Elliott swallowed this funk as if honeyed air were honeyed air... F: You<sep><cls>
-
He went next door to the smith’s and started gathering up tools, and loading them up into the smith’s travel trunk.
 The nicest tools were in a cabinet, and with a grunt (it was heavy even for him) he picked it up and loaded it into the cart, along with some other useful implements.
 He would need to carry as much food as possible as well.
 He quickly went back into the main keep and wrapped up the mattress from Captain Poir’s bunk and started carrying barrels of flour and other foodstuffs to his pile next to the front entrance.
 The drudge stared at him with a strange look but did not question his actions.
 He then realized that he should go up and check out the laboratory for anything else of value, and check out the dungeon to make sure all the prisoners had been freed.
 He had brought a proper crow bar from his visit to the smith’s and made short work of the laboratory door.
 The room had several large circles in the floor and tables and shelves along the side.
 The shelves held bones and bowls of strange fluids and other items whose uses he could not imagine.
 Anything that felt foul he threw into the fireplace, after getting a good flame going.

prinkled something into the fridge. The previous meals he had had had foul ingredients, and it was hard92m to0m imagine cleaning them out. The item was just too recent for any other purpose or use. Asstar was picking up the next pallet of items and made short work of it, bringing
-
Well, she'd have to put on her thinnest cotton dress.
 She'd like to just keep Rick's t-shirt on.
 No, she thought, stripping it off.
 She didn't want to get her own perspiration on it.
 She shouldn't wear it.
 She should get a big doll or stuffed animal and put the shirt on it.
 Then she could sleep with it in her arms.
 The evening out with her family was wonderful, but when she awoke the next morning, it was with the same confused mixture of happiness and panic that she'd felt when she'd thought about leaving Rick and coming home.
 Her breathing shallow, she sat up and tried to calm herself.
 She and her mother were going shopping today, and it would be an exciting day.

 Glacial-bes. Colour92m 0mgel in 4-5 use. gel in 6-10 use. Colour gel in 9-10 use. colour gel in 8-10 use.<eop><eod> well, it makes some sense. Well, there are some technical rights in that<sep><cls>
-
Rick smiled.
 "You weren't disappointed then?"
 "Not in the slightest."
 "It was what you expected?"
 "No, not really.
 But it was just as exciting."
 She smiled, poking at her steak.
 "When we were filming that scene and the star looked at me, I felt like Clara Bow."
 "Who?"
 "Clara Bow."

 turned around, and watched the stars with my, a "'...' look at me." "..92m.0m " Not Clara Bow." "... " Not Clara Bow." "... " "<sep><cls>
-
But he cared about her too much to press her.
 "Marie!"
 he called when he got home that afternoon.
 "I'll be down in a minute!"
 He went to the kitchen and set the pizza on the table.
 As he was filling glasses with ice, she padded into the kitchen.
 "Hi.
 I thought you'd be later."
 It was only 6:30.
 "So did I.

 went out to get her drinks one afternoon. He got home at 7, bringing the pizza back into the kitchen in a massive bag in a zip92m-0mlock box. But she didn't come in at 7. Her very way was in.<eop> He began to come back only once. But what
-
Sometimes I wondered if the slim device was some kind of super spy phone.
 It seemed to get reception in some of the most incredible places.
 He shifted around just enough to answer it without letting go of me with his right arm.
 "What's up?"
 Whoever was on the other end was talking too quietly for me to make out more than the occasional word.
 "...Jack...now...no time..." I could suddenly feel the energy radiating off of Alec as his beast woke and rose to the surface.
 His limbs hadn't taken on the fine tremble of someone only seconds away from changing shape, but he was obviously unhappy.
 Given the tight leash he kept his beast on, I would have been willing to bet that just about anyone else in the pack would have already shifted shapes and ripped a tree out of the ground or done something equally destructive by now.
 Alec shifted the phone slightly, I couldn't hear whoever was on the other end anymore, but whatever they'd just said hadn't made things any better.
 The invisible ants marching up my arms went to double time and the metaphysical breeze that started on his skin and went outward turned into a full-blown gale.

blow. Alec turned around to answer the still-interactive handset. You know the kind of thing that ends in a brilliant fucking fucking spectacular extension below your neck? That mystical exhaust shower outside a hotel? How you manage not92m to0m breathe? The nasty frosty last in your head happens when the<cls>
-
I almost refused to believe my eyes when I came around the bend in our lane and saw a black Mustang parked on the side of the road.
 Brandon stood up from where he'd been leaning against the sports car and flashed me a blinding smile.
 He moved towards me with a casual grace that made little shivers run through me despite my earlier decision not to let his interest, or lack thereof, affect me.
 "I had a bet with myself that you weren't going to wait.
 Somehow the fact I just lost doesn't matter now."
 It didn't seem possible he was talking to me, that anyone so gorgeous could mean something like that about me.
 I opened my mouth, maybe to laugh the comment off, or otherwise hedge my bets against the humiliation and inevitable mocking laughter.
 Whatever it was I'd intended on saying evaporated away the instant he reached out and slowly slid his finger down the side of my face.
 The tiny part of me that was still screaming none of this could be real was pulled along by the rest of me.
 I completely abandoned myself to the sensations created by his touch.

Like it didn't really mean anything.<eop> *** *** *** ***92m ***0m *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
Ruby continued, “Steed said you had a guest so I just used the back…” She trailed off when his stare didn’t soften, but she smiled.
 “You know, you do have your own room.” He stiffened and stood, not at all amused by her implication.
 Ruby began gathering things as she spoke, pretending she hadn’t noticed his attitude.
 “So how did it go?” He relaxed a little but his mood didn’t rise in the least.
 “We shall see.” “Indeed,” she purred.
 “Indeed.” He didn’t look back at me as he left the room, simply directing Ruby to take me with her when she’d finished.
 She seemed more than happy to comply and I was in no doubt we would be training again.
 I slid the hawk sculpture into my pocket.
 She hummed as she gathered, throwing a cloak at me in the process.
 I tied it on and drew the hood up.

 to hang the mask back down to92m the0m ground without collapsing and starting the walk-in clatter. I focused on her face just enough to get her eyes to focus on me. I tried again, but it worked no different. She also seemed used to the action. I smiled, nodded and moved in,
-
Let me talk to him.
 He will listen to me; he always has.”
 Velixar shook his head and pointed toward Woodhaven in the far distance.
 “Back there he left you, and I must punish him for such…‌Qurrah, look to the sky.”
 Qurrah followed Velixar’s gaze, and there in the distance he saw many white objects faintly illuminated by the stars.
 “About a hundred,” Qurrah said.
 “But what are they?”
 “Elves,” the man in black said.
 “And I know who leads them.
 Prepare yourself, my disciple.

m, because I am wearing my armour.92m”0m “Yes, I am, my disciple,” Muir said softly. “Not hearing near water? These men like you are not even alive. Morgan Carson is high on the to-go list. His face is a mask, and he keeps and<sep><cls>
-
She was smiling, but when pressed she refused to answer him.
 Instead, she stood, brushed off her dress, and flipped her hair over her shoulders.
 “Same time tomorrow?” she asked.
 “Sure,” Harruq said.
 “But how many times will we be doing this?”
 Aurelia shrugged.
 “Until I feel you have paid me back.”
 “So what, a couple days?”
 “You know very well I can’t obtain any proficiency in such a short time,” she said.
 Harruq shrugged.

aymotner. He compared Aurelia to Adia. “But what time will we be doing this?” Aurelia asked.<eop><eod> Jorlau Henderson Pat Day- Pat Day- Pat Day- Pat Day92m-0m Pat Day- Pat Day- Pat Day- Pat Day- Pat Day-
-
“Are you alright, Dieredon?” an elf asked.
 The scoutmaster nodded, leaning heavily on his bow.
 “I will be fine.
 His magic left my body upon his death.”
 A neigh brought his attention upward.
 Sonowin landed next to him, her white hair stained red in places.
 She nuzzled the elf and snorted something.
 “You worry too much, old girl,” Dieredon said, his voice cracking several times.
 He patted her once and then turned to the elf standing nearby.
 “How many did we lose?”

those who were closer to the panda. Dieredon concerned himself with hunting group on the panda but saw her curious expression in the elf92m.0m “Are we doing something wrong?” the scoutmaster asked the other heroes. “No,” the scoutmaster answered. “We lost 2,000, “<sep><cls>
-
.
 .
 this morning she hadn’t even thought about walking in the garden, she’d kissed Rick as casually as if she did it every morning, and she'd worn nothing but his pajama top to breakfast without giving it a thought.
 She'd acted as if .
 .
 .
 as if they were married.
 Her blush deepened, and she scrubbed her skin frantically.
 She was betrothed to Davis.
 She lived in 1927.

lled:... made loose with herself. Parker was the large African American within the font92m-0mcanvas of a religious organ. She carried thick Orthodox leg stools. She was 70. She made loose with herself.<eop><eod> s. ST.- Thesix<sep><cls>
-
Britney wasn't so lucky, and I caught a nasty look from her each time I surfaced from my textbook.
 The glares angered me more than I'd expected.
 I was having to catch up on a month's worth of assignments; she didn't have any right to get pissy just because she wasn't prepared.
 The third time it happened, I stopped pretending not to notice and shot Britney a sugar-sweet look of my own.
 She didn't quite seem to know how to take that and the rest of the class passed quickly.
 All too soon, it was time to go up and talk to Mrs. Campbell.
 I put off the ordeal as long as I could, waiting until everyone but Britney and I had exited the room.
 Britney looked particularly unhappy.
 Mrs. Campbell was looking at my homework when I reached her desk.
 "I was prepared to tear into you for not going to the tutoring lab last night, but that hardly seems fair seeing as how you went ahead and did the work by yourself."

 her eyes were ugly... I tried not to cover my eyes. "What?" She turned to me, her gaze hot and intensely angry. "You helped me fill up my jar of international teach-as92m-0mmember. Sorry, I am sure you aren't
-
.
 She shivered.
 She would give anything to be able to make love with Rick.
 Well, almost anything.
 She had to go home.
 She jumped when she heard Rick's door open.
 Glancing at him, she turned and headed downstairs.
 Rick followed her, wondering if she was mad or embarrassed or confused.
 Most women would never again speak to a man who had rejected her touch.
 But most women would have known exactly what they were doing.

n from the start. The erection in her thighs was building. Better than ever.<eop> Rick had left the movie92m.0m There was no else in the house. He had gone to hold out the papers to Joan. He had done an afternoon course, but she had refused. She was really upset that he
-
The want.
 The script was shaky, many of her words hard to decipher.
 Ominous.
 I had no choice but to escape.
 I would need a distraction to have any chance.
 I went to the village to find my young Noble.
 I didn’t expect what was there.
 On my way in, I found the spot where we had met so many days.
 I almost didn’t recognize it—bare of growth, the dirt patted down from years of wear.
 And then I saw him, the man in tattered clothes, hunched with his face in his hands.

d I find out what this man thought? Was he afraid92m of0m anyone in the village? Was he afraid of others? Were his thoughts driven by a fear that it would be wrong for him to give up so much? Was he afraid of the duty to come back to the village with them without<cls>
-
Junnie swirled around.
 “What?
 What did you find?” “No, I was just… there was a thistle here…” It was all that had developed, the bulbs and seedlings were undisturbed, and I couldn’t help but think, Oh, sure, the weed grows.
 Junnie was across the room in a flash.
 She glanced at the changed thistle and then, briefly, me, but when I tried to meet her gaze, it shifted to the wall of books.
 “Well, good for you, Frey.
 Your efforts are finally paying off.” I stared blankly at her.
 “What do you say we wrap it up for today?
 I’ve got some business with Council.” I stumbled off the stool, half numb from being still so long, and made my way outside into the warm sun, unsure of my direction.
 The idea of lingering within sight of the village center didn’t have much appeal, but I was in no hurry to get back home to Fannie.

y – you got it right! Fujia, who works under the pseudonym Sin Bam, mentioned it, and she responded with scramble, aw. “I know you are doing it! This is a simple bake, just to tote around92m.0m” I started the little concoction on the<sep><cls>
-
Maybe I was just trying to prolong our time together.
 I let go as soon as we reached the fringe of the crowd, and prayed it was only my imagination that made me think Brandon was just the slightest bit relieved.
 Luckily there was plenty to distract me.
 It looked like there'd been some kind of war behind the school.
 The flagpole had a massive dent in its base, and actually looked like it was leaning slightly to one side.
 The straggly grass, kept just barely alive by the nearly non-existent rain and infrequent watering by some anonymous grounds keeper, had been torn up.
 Large patches of reddish dirt had been exposed and the ground was scarred by gouges that looked like they'd been made by some kind of farm machinery except for being so irregular.
 My eyes were momentarily pulled back to the ground.
 Something about the gouges was tickling the back of my mind.
 Had I seen something like that before?

 yes we would see it next time. It looked like they were glued together like a single article on a paper. Probably the same things that Ben said at his first gig. Like, he92m'0md written this down and been proud to do.<eop> Yes Yes yes mother.<eop> Brandon<cls>
-
The impact didn’t knock me down, but the shock almost did.
 It was one of Father’s guards… one of the guards he’d taken with him.
 He had me by the arm, dragging me along before I could think.
 I couldn’t decide whether to run, whether to fight.
 And then we were in the throne room.
 My father’s face was indescribable, his fury almost tangible.
 I couldn’t bring myself to look away from him, but I saw Rune standing in my peripheral vision.
 I was caught.
 I frantically searched for some explanation.
 But he didn’t speak.

s sword and Sword, trying to rationalize it as though he weren’t angry, but he didn’t speak.<eop> My father was already in the throne room92m.0m Son was already in the throne room. We were overheard in the next room. We were told that we were supposed to<sep><cls>
-
Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
 Do you need thicker glasses?
 Art – Have you been.
 Odd, I didn’t see you.
 Though I did get side-tracked a little bit.
 Jim – Side-tracked by what?
 Art – I’m in love.
 Jim – (Stares at Art)
 Art – Pretty cool huh?
 Jim – You’re in love?

in love? Art – I just haven’92mt0m dated. Jim – I haven’t dated a chick with the same personality.<eop> Still there are other guys in the room. I should probably get a stronger bar. But it’s an extra burden to ask myself,
-
“I prefer the outdoors anyway.” Steed dipped toward me, his hand folding his waist in a bow as he stood to go.
 “Sunshine.”
 My head was not up for this at all.
 His sister.
 Traveling with us.
 An asset.
 I leaned forward, resting my head on my knees.
 “Are you ill?” Chevelle said from beside me.
 I hadn’t even heard him come in.
 He was sitting forward on the bench next to me and when I jerked up in surprise, it put us too close.

ng sounds. Footsteps. Electic footsteps. Com. Layer. Dry. Cy. Clear. Cl. Different. Com. Pul. Mus. Sim. Chi. Chi. Chi. Chi. Chi. Chi. Chi. Chi. Chi. Chi92m.0m Chi. Chi.<cls>
-
Think now of the many deformed creatures that walk this world.
 Know they were all mere animals before the gods turned them into soldiers for their war.
 The elves were vicious in this time, slaying any who dared come near their forests.
 But some elves did side with Karak, determined to help end the war so the world could heal.”
 “Did Celestia not interfere?” Qurrah asked.
 In the darkness, Qurrah watched as Velixar’s face curled into a deep snarl.
 “Celestia befriended both brothers, but she took Ashhur to be her lover.
 She begged each to stop, though neither listened.
 It was a dark time, Qurrah.
 All squabbles and wars since are a pittance compared.

, Jam. “Very similar to the time that we were fighting all our family, God. “Prishur was just the best for his brother. He prefers not to do anything stupid.92m”0m Dar requested. “You did he own revenge, women sex, of any kind, Gum?
-
“Yes, just a random cave or a place to stay.
 Why?” Seth asked, just as annoyed.
 “Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
 “Can you find a way out?
 It just goes on and on.
 I'm hoping that we find a clearing soon.” “Fine,” she said and crossed her arms, “I'm sorry I interrupted your conversation.” Then she started talking to Jason again.
 Seth made a cat noise and clawed the air, “Someone's a pussy cat today.” “Be quiet Seth or she'll hurt you,” I said and looked over my shoulder.
 Emily seemed to have heard that and she winked at me.
 I smiled and winked back.
 “Seth I'd be really careful.” Seth snorted, “I'm not scared of her.” “I would be,” I said and had to fight another smile.

 had a fight with him like Seth had last year or a ten fist fight with Spencer92m.0m Emily sounded stressed but seemed to have overgeny and Johnny that she had to deal with so perfectly. God of them, that boy so much work.<eop><eod> A task to of God should be the
-
"May I help you?"
 "Mrs.
 Tranton?"
 Rick asked.
 "No.
 I don't know anyone in the neighborhood by that name."
 "Thank you--sorry to have bothered you."
 Rick had to take Marie's arm and guide her back to the car.
 "Listen--we'll go to the library and see what we can find about time travel,” he told her as he slid behind the wheel.
 “We'll figure out how to get you back.

rie said that for the first time since realizing Rick had gone to the library. Rick seemed to be a reliable guide to her again. A real boyfriend.<eop> He92m,0m too, sat on the side of the car for an hour and half. He had the same effect on Marilyn.<sep><cls>
-
I slipped inside the Mustang with a grin playing at the edge of my lips despite my best efforts to remain cool and collected.
 "Well, I didn't want to start your day off too well, or everything else would be anticlimactic."
 "Really?
 You weren't just worried I wasn't going to show up?
 Because you understand how someone could've been thinking you'd walked down your lane so you could catch the bus if I'd forgotten about you?"
 I'd been giving Brandon my crinkled-nose glare for a solid three seconds before his easy laugh made me realize what I was doing.
 I hadn't done that to anyone in months, it'd been my trademark expression for when a family member had made me mad.
 "Okay, you're right.
 I didn't think you'd show."
 "I should be very hurt by your lack of faith, but seeing as how you've been through so much lately, I'll forgive you."

 "No, Ray, I love you so much!"92m 0m"Thank you!" I held up my faithful hand to Ray to shake his hand. "Brah fish a willing guide just about every time I need someone to pull my strings." ""!<sep><cls>
-
The Great Lion did not understand the Goddess’ questions or concerns.
 But he understood his own power, which in its way was as great as any god’s.
 He growled, “Do you wish me to hunt, to fight?
 Is our pride in danger?” Blodeuwedd nodded, “Yes and yes and yes.
 In their great quest for power, The Immortalist Taiga and his followers, such as that vermin Van’dret, must all be stopped.
 They do not understand that if they upset the balance that the final battle between Infernal and Celestial could destroy all.” She paused and then added in a voice that he almost thought he sensed fear in, “I think the sword Caledfwlch must be found.
 The other gods won’t like it.
 They might even oppose finding it, but it might be our only hope.” The great head nodded, and the Goddess stepped away and was gone, but the roar that followed could be heard across the grasslands and into the forest and to the peaks of the mountains beyond.
 For a moment the Heavenly Realm was silent.
 All the creatures knew the roar.

k down on the Mistress, she wanted one last time to relate to her god.<eop> So they entered the mighty grey Enoch and sat there, all ven and deeded. The term slain was stubborn92m and0m meaningless, it meant he came before the gods. The White Lion ran into
-
Jim – Ill just say that there was a lot to hide.
 And to be able to have access to it, well there wasn’t any practical way to really keep it out of the hands of anyone who actually bothered to look.
 Liz – There’s that much?
 Jim – Dad could almost start his own shop with what he’s got so far.
 Liz – I never thought of your dad as a dirty old man before.
 Jim – Kinda funny isn’t it?
 Liz – It’s gross!
 Jim – I don’t think he’s gotten laid since well before Johnny was born.
 Liz – How can you actually talk that way about your dad?
 He’s your dad!

thrash-zz-zz-zz-zz-zz-zz92m-0mzz-zz-zz. He’s just amazing. Liz – The question I was sending was Edwin Guinea Pig, this is Edwin African Guinea Pig. He looks like he was born in Sierra Leone.<sep><cls>
-
My face started out in the hollow of his neck, drinking in the ambrosia of his scent, and then moved up towards his lips without conscious decision on my part.
 Our lips met, and it felt like a warm, pleasant surge of electricity washed from my head down to the tips of my toes.
 My head started spinning almost instantly, only my hand on his chest, and his arms around my waist kept me from losing my balance completely.
 As it was, I still fell into him, overcome by weakness as my heart stopped beating altogether.
 No more than a second or two of breathlessness could have possibly passed, but Alec pulled away, firmly holding me at arm's length.
 "You need to get some sleep.
 Regardless of how the fight turns out, you'll need to be well-rested."
 My best longing look didn't seem to be having any effect on him, so I finally nodded and relaxed back onto the bed.
 "I guess I did promise to behave myself.
 I don't think I'll be able to sleep, but if you'll tell me another story I'll at least try..." Apparently satisfied by my promise, Alec joined me on the bed and pulled me close.

ed I could hold my other hand tighter there than Alexander could. Alec was my God92m,0m and now he was my mate, and yes he loved me. I loved him a thousand times as much as Adam and Eve did. He was my "joy.", and I felt forth and depth
-
I was more comfortable with him after five weeks than I would have been with Davis after five years of marriage."
 Mrs. Tranton frowned a bit.
 "Marie, are you .
 .
 .
 are you still a virgin?"
 "Yes.
 But Mother--"  She stopped, biting her lip.
 Her mother had enough to think about now.
 She'd better wait a few days before telling her about how Rick's kisses had made her feel.

 have a few urgent F words to you now." Mrs. Tranton would stop, just by the sound of it all. "Mother, just say... "92m 0m"You caught yourself over and over late yesterday. So try and put that<sep><cls>
-
Sorry.” Aunt Fannie was incensed, her curses flying out in a rant that felt as if it would never end.
 The years of listening to it seemed to coalesce, and I was suddenly exhausted.
 “I think I’ll go lie down.” “Do you think you can just sleep when you want to sleep?
 Whose tree do you think this is?
 You’ll lie down when I say you’ll lie down…” I bit down on a groan, eyes running over the wood grain of the table as I tuned her out.
 I knew the outcome if I didn’t, and I was already in trouble enough.
 Shortly after her tirade insisting I stay until I had earned permission to leave, the one-sided argument ran its course and Fannie tired of looking at me and sent me on my way.
 I trudged out of the kitchen, through the main sitting area, and into my room.
 It was dark except for a small beam of light from a knothole in the wall.
 Fire was the one magic I had mastered; I had been able to light lanterns and candles for as long as I could remember, but I didn’t bother.

at it wasn’t that I was tired of seeing her. Its just that I could never really help myself, and begging her to hurry me was another complete lie. “You should go.”<eop>92m<eod>0m My decision was fast and its still getting difficult. When I got back to my house,<cls>
-
A knot grew in her stomach as she noticed he had both his swords, and as they approached the poorer parts of the town, the knot only tightened.
 She watched the half-orc glance in through the windows of the buildings he passed.
 She found herself praying he only meant to steal possessions…‌just possessions, nothing more.
 _Keep the swords sheathed,_ she prayed.
 _Sheathed and bloodless._
 He continued wandering, and she found herself circling several streets multiple times.
 Stalling, she thought, but it was little comfort.
 The day was almost done, the town covered with long shadows and darkened spaces.
 The older boys and girls would still be out to play, but the younger ones…
 Harruq stopped.

into the shadows. close his eyes92m.0m It was dusk. The night was nearly gone, and quickly started to fade into the shadows as Harruq walked out of bed, bound to his bed and just so close to dark. Scary sexy. Ah, yes, hell no. Either way, Har
-
"Adri, honey.
 Where are you?"
 Alec was gone when I looked back.
 Only the slight sway of my curtains gave evidence he'd just casually jumped out of my second-story window.
 I heard Mom's equipment bags hit the floor one after another.
 The sound of her tromping up the stairs finally roused me from my state of shock.
 "I'm in my room, Mom."
 Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
 "Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."

was playing with Winston that night<eop> *** *** *** *** ***92m ***0m *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
And I taught myself to play it all.
 CM:  	This was what year?
 BG:  	Lessee, I was nine or ten so…
 CM: 	And that’s your earliest musical memory?
 BG:  	Yeah.
 Oh, naw, no.
 I mean, I was about five and my parents had this set of records, this Reader’s Digest set, and there was this one song that I fell in love with on it, used to go around the house, scatting it, at five.
 It was “I Can’t Get Started” by Bunny Berigan.
 I don’t know.
 I can still play that one.

Why? BG: I know, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh again.... that feels so good.92m 0mCM: Yeah, my mom used me to be an assistant to them, at many first trials! And everybody else did that at<sep><cls>
-
In the midst of radical economic revolution, the economy, especially the agricultural economy, is in no position to adapt simultaneously to the dual stresses of internal reorganization and external competition.
 8.New institutions and systems are needed to create a market economy: The establishment of a free market system is retarded by the absence of many basic commercial institutions and systems.
 The market economy has given birth to a vast array of institutions by which, and through which, it operates – stock and commodity exchanges, systems for mass production, just-in-time inventory management, commercial insurance, franchises, mail order catalogues, courier services, feeder airlines, producers’ and consumers’ cooperatives, marketing boards, export pro motion agencies, leasing, venture capital and mutual funds, credit and collection agencies, commodity brokers, real estate agents, trade unions, industrial associations, industrial estates, exclusive export processing zones and countless others.
 Our knowledge of transitions will be complete and our capacity to abridge the time and costs of change will be full only when we have come to understand the role of these institutions and have found ways to develop them rapidly.
 The need for new institutions in Eastern Europe is apparent in all fields of commercial activity.
 It is particularly acute in agriculture.
 Hoarding, speculation by traders, regional shortages and price variations have been aggravated by the absence of alternative systems of distribution to replace the old centralized food procurement system.
 Privately operated commodity exchanges have sprung up to handle wholesale transactions.
 But unfamiliarity with such institutions, and the lack of a firm legal basis for enforcement of contracts and a system of grading and inspection to guarantee the quality of produce traded, have kept most buyers and sellers away.
 A mechanism is needed to insure distribution of food to deficit areas, to guarantee farmers an indexed floor price for foodgrains under conditions of unstable, soaring prices, and to establish and maintain a national buffer stock against emergency.

alized services of printers are needed. A system to coordinate supplies will not suffice alone. Existing systems frame the roads to traded. Exports will need a centralized postal service. Plans for combined schedules will have to be drawn up and published in full.<eop>92m<eod>0m 7. Public education: The<sep><cls>
-
“What’s up with her?” Seth shrugged.
 “I don’t know.
 Girl issues?” “I heard that!” Emily said angrily.
 That’s when suddenly a hideous creature appeared in front of us.
 It was hunched over, with thick furry skin and wicked claws that shot out of its curled paws.
 We would soon know them as thrashers, beasts we would get used to seeing.
 I don’t know who screeched louder in fear, but I’m pretty sure it might have been me.
 Seth pulled his sword out but his hand shook like mad.
 I clumsily pulled an arrow out of the quiver on my back and struggled to attach it to my bow.
 How the heck did those people in movies make this look so easy?

s hell that we must work out a way92m to0m stay down, because that kind of path seems so easy to them? Why, do they have more skill to carry on than us to take them out of the woods and mysterious paths that give rain and thunder to them? How do they fight battle with
-
It took me several seconds to match identities to the rain-soaked group staring at me with such hostility.
 Jasmin was standing in the center, and didn't even wait for me to get fully in the room before she started talking.
 "She goes back to Brandon tonight.
 It's a long shot, but it's better than nothing.
 She brought it on herself so there isn't any reason to cry over what might happen."
 Alec shook his head.
 "Unacceptable.
 She wasn't properly his.
 There was no bond of Ja'tell, and consequently we have no obligation to return her to him."
 Jasmin opened her mouth to say something else, but a tiny brunette, probably Jessica, interrupted her.

 us then, so we can go get her back."<eop> We weren92m'0mt done with the question yet, right? What is true of Laith? "Colonel Ethan as a traitor. He gave it up to him after his wife and kids died. He<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	Nine weeks—that’s a pretty long stay, isn’t it?
 This was in Memphis?
 BG:  	Yeah, nine weeks, that’s fairly serious to be locked up.
 Well, sort of locked up.
 I mean, I could have left.
 There were no bars or anything.
 But, I had no will, I had no good reason to do anything.
 Lorelei would just sit with me and we’d talk about small things, you know, what it was like outside, what she was reading, some painting she was doing.
 Almost anything but me getting back to the music.
 See, Lor, instinctively knew that was the sticking point, that me making music again was the key, but, also my deepest fear—that I’d lost it all.

<eop> CM: We could92m’0mt do anything. Nothing. The precious time we were taking, perhaps on the phone or on the internet, or when I was reading or making music again, the lost time private. What the fuck was up with this?<eop><eod> MM:<cls>
-
“Do you know who I am?” Something about that was funny and I laughed, but it came out hoarse.
 He looked torn as he posed the next question, tentative.
 “Can you tell me your name?” I wondered how bad I was messed up for him to approach me with this line of questioning.
 “Frey.” “Your full name?” I rolled my eyes, and then wished I hadn’t as the room spun.
 I pressed a hand to my temple, reciting, “Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia.” They all drew in a deep breath.
 “What?” Chevelle’s sigh seemed to have let the air out of him.
 His fingers rested on the edge of the cloak beneath me.
 “Are you in pain?” “No.
 Not anymore.” He nodded.
 “What do you remember?” “I was—” I faltered.

diana Jones’ dream of getting down to dirty. And he sounded scared.<eop> I turned away from his older brother92m,0m Chevelle, and looked quickly at me. Part of me was supposed to love him. But now he was scared. Confused. Confused, he told me to<sep><cls>
-
Durien followed him in with a heavy stool, which Doi’van quickly sat down on.
 The old healer immediately left the room.
 “Rodregas, you look much better than last I saw you.
 But what is so important that it takes me away from a very important nap?” Doi’van’s body looked worse for the wear, but his eyes showed his natural curiosity and intelligence.
 Rodregas did not think he actually minded coming over to his room.
 Rodregas smiled and thought that given the way Doi’van talked about pain when training them with the staff, that he must be immune to mere pain anyhow.
 Imeralda repeated Jordaan’s question.
 “Jordaan asked Rodregas if you two were related as being Hellborn is very rare in the Eastern Realms.” And Doi’van’s surprised expression Imeralda added, “While I cannot sense the feel and make up of a body like I can a tree, I do know the feel of magic, and I had thought a few times that I sensed the feel of Brimstone and Fire not just with Doi’van, but with both of you.” Rodregas could feel his eyes widen as Imeralda confirmed what Jordaan had felt.
 He had been thinking while Doi’van was being fetched and he had a question for his friend.
 “Doi’van, you were swept up quickly after you entered the Eastern Realms; you clearly have a strong physical essence and strong magical power.

trong dreams that you want to see Doi92m’0mvan fetched you. “Doi’van, where are you last? Doi’van, did you awaken normal? Doi’van, were you after all good? Doi’van, to be honest...<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Sup gee dawg!
 Eugene – Not a whole lot…you?
 Jim – Nuthin here yo!
 Eugene – Jim, is Art back yet?
 Jim – Not yet, why do ya ask?
 Eugene – I need to talk to him about something.
 Jim – Well he should be back later today, he was planning on making the opening of Liz’s show.
 Eugene (sits down on the other couch and sighs) Thanks, I’ll catch him then.
 (Pause) Are you still reading that stupid comic book?
 Jim- Damn strait!

l the battle chapter.<eop><eod> Speaking of r.’eh, – Kit K-Laugh – Do you know Ra.’eh and writer Ken Dean Grant? Jim92m 0m– Jim, – Ken Dean Grant was born in Baltimore, Maryland, on December 16, 1938.<cls>
-
I shook my head gingerly, surprised when I didn't feel the twinge I knew was coming.
 The attack had been more sudden than usual and nobody had been close enough to catch me.
 In those circumstances experience had shown that I led with my head.
 "It was just the heat here.
 I'm not used to it.
 Now please put me down."
 Alec looked at me doubtfully, then took a deep, no doubt calming breath, and shrugged.
 The movement seemed too casual, almost as if he was angry, but trying to hide it.
 I wanted to try and make eye contact to test my hypothesis, but was afraid of what I'd see.
 The tingling was spreading, no doubt a bad sign.

adually, dragging out a breath and then on a gentle, previously easy motion. Faings or flutterings of his hands may spark sensation but nothing else seems to attract it.<eop> "Collect my towel." I as Albert passed me to help bend me another92m.0m He did that too,
-
You've spent more time with me than you spent with your fiancé in a month--" "Three months."
 "--and you have a certain right to feel possessive."
 He kissed the top of her head.
 "We'll leave it at that for now, OK?"
 "OK." After a few moments, he raised his head and pulled away slightly.
 When she looked up at him, so beautiful and trusting and fragile, he bent his head to kiss her.
 But she turned her face away.
 "I'm sorry," he whispered, kissing her temple instead of her lips, her full, soft, luscious red lips .
 .
 .

r activity. "But it was a private activity92m.0m" He turned his face away. "I't suppose you should have asked me anymore exactly what was the happening between you and me at three months old when we met. About everything that was all that had happened between us since.<sep><cls>
-
Seth was leaning on the wall, twirling his sword in the dirt, not appearing to notice that I was awake.
 Emily and Jason were sitting in the center of the cave, playing some kind of hand game.
 Jason hit Emily in the arm and she started yelling at.
 So, this is typical thing to wake up to.
 I stood up and walked over to Seth.
 He looked up from the ground and saw my troubled face.
 “What's wrong, Jazell?” “I need to speak to you,” I said in a low voice, “alone.” Seth nodded in understanding and I followed him out of the cave.
 We stood off to the side near the edge of the cliff where Emily and Jason couldn't see us.
 For a minute, I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
 I hesitated, but knew that if I told anyone about the dream, it would be Seth.

rely making it out of the cave to the left. I kept walking with Seth again. "Come on out, Jazell," Seth told me in a low voice.92m<eop>0m<eod> I woke up to a strange dream. I was sitting at an automated computer in a cave in<cls>
-
"Go put on your bathing suit."
 He'd always had a hard time keeping his eyes off her at the beach, but today it was impossible.
 She was so gorgeous.
 He watched as she rubbed lotion on her lovely legs, her silky dark hair falling forward as she did so.
 Marie, not noticing any difference in his stare, smiled as she handed him the bottle.
 "Will you put some on my back?"
 She stretched out on her stomach.
 He ran his hands up and down and around her back, massaging and caressing.
 Her skin was so soft.
 He dropped a kiss onto her shoulder.

o loaf around. Marie was very much his go-to boogie queen at the beach. He wanted to stare just as she started to strip his shirt92m.0m Her shoulders were so wide and a full of confidence. He smiled at her.<eop> "In the morning you should come<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – Jim I need to talk with Art.
 Jim – You said that earlier.
 Eugene – It’s kind of personal.
 Jim – I see.
 I’ll be over there.
 Talk to you later dad.
 Art – Indeed kiddo, we have some subjects yet to cover.
 Eugene – Thanks Jim.
 (Jim walks away, sits down and pulls out sumo assassin and starts reading)
 Art – Alright, what do you need this time Gene?

up gay pride in Pepe and Ruan. Daryl – Get down back down if you want a bathroom. Ada – I take a break. Eugene92m 0m– Carl, Max,, Ada – Alan – She arrives in the bathroom accompanied by Ak – All of you can<sep><cls>
-
He had to smile, amused by his own reaction, as he felt his heartbeat speed up and a rush of heat.
 He had not felt such hormonal surges in a long time.
 He made a decision in his head.
 He had carefully been a gentleman now for several weeks and had not tried anything with the beautiful half AElf, but her teasing expression left him an opening.
 He decided to take advantage of it.
 He spoke very slowly and carefully, letting her know that he knew what he was saying.
 “Actually, I was looking at you, you are amazingly beautiful.
 Your incredible eyes and hair, you are breathtaking.” Rodregas looked at her, his eyes going slowly over her entire body as he spoke.
 Then he shifted his gaze toward Imeralda’s large green eyes.
 As their eyes held he slid over to her, running the back of his hand across her cheek.

 can work and Imeralda’s image was completely perfect. Imeralda was very impressed with Rodregas as well. She was bright, radiating sensual energy. Rod92mre0mgas turned directly over her body before dismounting on top of her exhausted body. He<sep><cls>
-
[section break](break.png)
 That night Harruq collected a bunch of sticks and twigs, which Qurrah lit with a clap of his hands.
 The two huddled over the fire, each lost in their thoughts.
 Harruq broke the silence first.
 “So where will we go?” he asked.
 “Where else is there?” Qurrah said.
 “Perhaps we were meant to go to Woodhaven.
 The journey will not be long, perhaps a week or two at most.
 There are enough animals about for me to kill, so do not worry about food.
 As for water, there are many small streams, and we can beg from the occasional farms we pass.

to Woodhaven on a regular basis of hunting. I am really keen on the animals that we see and what they look like. First we need to know that one of the main villages, the Cookmere Mark is very friendly to the animals.92m”0m<eop> “Your uncle, Har.<sep><cls>
-
She'd put sunscreen on this morning so that she wouldn't get burned.
 Dropping the bottle onto the bed, she went back to Rick's room calling, "Is the pizza here yet?"
 "Not yet," he replied as he emerged from the bathroom, still toweling his hair dry.
 Marie stared.
 He was wearing only a pair of shorts.
 Drops of water sparkled on his shoulders, and his skin glowed from the recent scrubbing.
 She swallowed.
 "I .
 .
 .

f." Marie finished as she poured a powerful saucepan over Rick'92ms0m face and sliced two slices into slices. It was chip-thin and was very "no... he is not going to eat this meat."<eop> Marie stared at her only a moment before<cls>
-
Gashes appeared on both leaders, wetly glistening in the green light, but they were more numerous on Alec than on Brandon.
 I expected the unseen plane to mirror the fight I was so desperately trying to track with my inferior vision.
 There should have been titanic clashes of power, ants marching up and down my skin from being far too close to ground zero, but there weren't.
 Brandon's energy beat down on Alec, beat down on all of us, but although I could feel the answering flare of power from the rest of the pack, Alec remained silent, dancing away from the worst bursts of metaphorical death at the same time he dodged Brandon's fangs.
 The flares were almost dead, but there was just enough light for me to see the smaller figure reel away from the larger as a vicious slash sank home in Alec's chest.
 Time stretched and pulled like taffy, and I had plenty of time to watch Alec fall, to feel splatters of hot liquid even standing so far away.
 A scream ripped itself free from my throat, and it suddenly seemed we really were caught up in a hurricane.
 As the flares finally died, the pulsing pressure, the pins and needles disappeared as well.
 Only that wasn't quite the term for it.
 The power, the energy that'd become more than oppressive, was sucked towards Alec and Brandon, dragging with it my strength, and the unnatural vitality of the rest of the pack.

potentially be written "in the ranged humor tradition,92m"0m and to suppose he might familiarize himself with such vernacular refers to a serious comedy.<eop><eod> "Dan Fukunmayini, as the protagonist of the film "The Hit Man," is a hyper-military<sep><cls>
-
Seth, why were you yelling at Jazell for being out alone in the woods when you were doing the same?” “I wasn’t hunting down monsters alone.
 Jazell was doing that,” he grumbled, clearly annoyed.
 “But you were still out alone and you yelled at me for doing the same thing.
 The same thing could have happened to you.
 Do you think you’re stronger than the rest of us?” My voice rose slightly at the end of my question.
 “No.” He went quiet and tried to avoid our eye contact.
 “Now who’s keeping secrets?
 You’re breaking your own rules.
 Why were you out?” Emily can be very demanding sometimes, I actually felt a little bad about involving her in my interrogation.
 Just a little.

id you do while out in the woods?” I looked at Du! Bha Ravi, “God permit my concern to be cleared up by his family.”<eop>92m “0mHe is a branch of<unk> A<unk> family. And my concern to cater to him is incomplete. There is no<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Yeah, but twenty dollars of candy is a lot of candy.
 I mean damn.
 If he could actually eat that much candy that fast shouldn’t he be like 400 pounds by now?
 Liz – Maybe he switched to some expensive imported brand of German chocolate.
 Jim – Does that make him a junkie?
 Liz – Not yet I hope.
 Jim – So what are you painting.
 Liz – I told you, “Dorks Playing Poker”.
 Jim – I thought you were just messing with Gene and Johnny.
 Liz – No, you’re playing games, but I’m calling it “Dorks Playing Poker”.

 poker in my post. James won! Jim Bad. Jim. Jim – Jim dead. Jim won! Jim dead. Jim Bad. Jim – Jim dead92m.0m Jim – Jim dead. Jim Bad. Jim – Jim alive. Jim Bad. Jim piece of cloth. Dexter<sep><cls>
-
Past experience has shown that mere debt rescheduling in these countries does not solve the problem and may in fact aggravate it.
 The extent of the problem is reflected in the heavily discounted prices of the debts of countries with low and lower-middle incomes in the secondary market and in negotiated buy-outs of the debt owed to commercial creditors.
 In 1993, the average market price of the debt was about 30 cents on the dollar.
 This market discount was a major factor in the decision to scale down the debt of Latin American countries by an average of 15 per cent and of Egypt and Poland by 50 per cent.
 The aggregate debt of the 61 debt-affected countries with low and lower-middle income is roughly equal to that of the half-dozen mostly middle-income countries assisted under the Brady Plan.
 Scaling down the debt of these poor countries by an average of 70 per cent would be appropriate in view of their economic plight, though the actual reduction would have to be negotiated on a case by case basis.
 In order to be of sufficient magnitude, debt reduction should be applied to all three major classes of creditors: bilateral official creditors, private sector lenders and international organizations.
 Debt reduction should be linked to each country's specific programmes for poverty eradication and meeting the minimum needs of the people.
 7.Commodity prices: The problem of debt is closely linked to that of international commodity prices.
 The majority of developing countries are dependent on the export of primary products for their welfare and growth.

ebt is a form of the debt of effort that impedes the production of goods for export.<eop><eod> More widely believed, this is not an option. As92m I0m rise in consciousness, I will remember every single detail about system allocation, including plans, policies, portfolio models, work groups,<sep><cls>
-
You’ve never read the special edition series or Sumo Assassin, it’s even worse than most tabloids, they don’t even bother to make full sentences or finish thoughts.
 Which is damn near impossible to accomplish without trying to do so.
 Karen - But if you can show that much loyalty to something so terrible for so long, well Elizabeth is a lucky woman.
 Art – Lucky to have won the loyalty of a dork like my son.
 Jim – You’re telling me.
 She must have accumulated some bad Karma?
 Karen – Well aside from reading Sumo Assassin, what do you enjoy doing?
 (Liz enters, carrying one last serving bowl behind Karen and Art, Jim can see her)
 Jim – Well, I like sitting and lying down on this couch, watching television, playing video games, and when she lets me, touching Elizabeth’s breasts.
 Liz – Which won’t be any time soon if you keep this up.

lasted92m for0m about a week now that Elizabeth was allowed back into her home. Jim – So you finally got her to do something right again, over and over again. Liz – Well, I do. The good and bad. Jim – We think that you got her<sep><cls>
-
The break-up of COMECON and the USSR have had a strongly negative impact on trade within Eastern Europe and with the industrialized West and developing countries.
 The relatively high interest rates in Europe, resulting in part from tight monetary policies pursued by Germany to offset the enormous costs of reunification, have had adverse effects on investment, growth and employment in the region.
 More recent rate increases in the US threaten to halt the declining trend in unemployment observed over the past year.
 The extreme disruption of the centrally planned economies of Eastern Europe during the early stages of their transition to market economies has led to high domestic unemployment in most cases.
 Slow recovery from the recent global recession has restrained the growth of foreign trade.
 Down-sizing by major corporations in response to intense competitive pressures has eliminated many jobs which are not being restored, even after the recession is over.
 Privatization and restructuring of public sector companies in response to fiscal pressures has had a similar effect.
 In the United Kingdom alone, an estimated 500,000 jobs will be lost for this reason in 1994.
 The impact of structural adjustments programmes has slowed economic growth and new job creation in a number of developing countries.
 Gains in productivity due to new technology, particularly delayed gains from the micro-computer revolution of the 1980s and the growth of factory automation, have slowed job growth in some industries.

oys remake what he has made and continue his legend?question of franchise: cowboy show series, cowboy movie series, cowboy hunting shows, cowboy animation, cowboy political satire, such as western satire, adult /92m and0m adult nursing shows, /// /, /, /
-
"I met him two years after I lost Andrew.
 Your father is a good man, Marie.
 He doesn't have the passion or sweetness Andrew had, but I do love him.
 And he gave me you and John, so I'd certainly never regret having married him."
 "But you've never loved him like you did Andrew."
 "There are different types of love."
 "But you understand when I say that I don't want anyone else, that I could never love any other man the way I love Rick and that I don't want to settle for anything less."
 "Yes, I understand.
 But--" "No.
 If I can't have Rick, I don't want anyone."

ck.92m<eop>0m "He's my future husband." "He's your future husband, Marie." "That will be a surprise for me. I don't think I have the place for that each year." "I know that you don't<cls>
-
Never met dad, and mum sold Qurrah and me when we were both little.
 I ran away and lived on the streets of Veldaren.
 Found Qurrah about a year or two later, hiding in the streets after he escaped his master.
 My brother, well…”
 She watched as Harruq struggled through some sort of internal debate.
 His brown eyes finally rose to meet hers.
 “Qurrah’s like you, but not.
 You can cast magic right?” Aurelia nodded.
 “Well, he can too.
 But he…‌ he’s different.

on’t know. He can and will no-do to magic.” Arruq paused in his examination of her attitude.92m “0mIt may be humor or even fear of war, but it is also love, happiness and patience. We have our own necessary contents to be used in<cls>
-
He knelt down, his blades falling from his limp hands.
 He pulled away Aurelia’s hand to see the blood, to see the wound.
 “No,” he said.
 He rocked backward, the color draining from his face.
 “No, I didn’t mean to, I didn’t…‌I didn’t…”
 Aurelia tried to say something, tried to comfort him, but no noise came from her throat.
 She was dying.
 “No!” Harruq shouted.
 He pulled out one of his healing potions, yanked off the cork, and forced the contents down Aurelia’s throat.
 The elf gagged, retching up half of it onto her neck and chest.

from Anbo IV. Harruq pulled off some of his “anti-virital complex”. A92mure0mlia stared at him, weakly, Harruq shook his head, “No, it isn’t Graeme? Why is it me?’<eop> Ta Hum! May it be Sam<cls>
-
“Never,” he said, “could I have imagined it so beautiful.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 An hour before dawn, the city’s soldiers cornered and killed the last of the orcs.
 The Tun brothers were not there to watch, for they had snuck back to the outer wall at Qurrah’s insistence.
 “I know his plans,” Qurrah whispered as they stared across the open grass and the arrow-pierced orc bodies that covered it.
 “He is familiar to me, though I know him not.”
 “He isn’t your former master, is he?” Harruq asked as he adjusted his newly acquired swords.
 He had taken a belt and some sheathes from one of the dead bodies, but he was having a devil of a time getting them to fit correctly.
 “No,” Qurrah said.

ent on to the others92m as0m they watched the evil go against each other. “He knows there is something very deep in the north. He knows if it will take every ounce of your energy, you will be herd into a slaughter and a war. He knows when the<cls>
-
Assuming of course I lasted that long without losing it from dealing with all of the crazy small-town people in this school.
 I entered the classroom and was immediately greeted by a portly, white-haired woman.
 "Hello, hello.
 My name is Mrs. Alexander, and you must be Adri.
 Oh, not Adri?
 Very good then, Adriana it is."
 I watched bemusedly as Mrs. Alexander searched through her pockets for something to write with for at least half a minute before realizing she'd placed her pen behind her ear.
 The form now signed, the pen went back behind her ear for safekeeping, and she motioned me to a seat, predictably at the back of the classroom.
 As I negotiated the crooked path between desks, I found myself looking forward to the class.
 Right up until Alec slipped into the classroom a few seconds before the bell rang.

or two, Alec appeared in students on the topic they were interested in as well as face-to-face conversation, inclusive of attendance. We performed with another team that was very repattro- port and beautiful, one that was really warm92m 0m(and friendly to everyone in the class) and
-
“Drink.” Yes, I was thirsty.
 So thirsty.
 I took a long pull and then another.
 I couldn’t seem to quench the thirst.
 He took the container from my hand.
 “Enough.” My stomach roiled and I realized what I had drunk.
 “Ugh, cat pee.” I thought I might hurl.
 How much of that healing crap had I drunk?
 I heaved once and Steed shook beneath me with laughter.
 I glanced up to find him looking at Chevelle.

t and I breathed in like a dry dead fish. He looked down at Sharp. Sharp. Sharp. Sharp. Sharp. Sharp. Solid. Solid. Shadow92m.0m Shadow. Shadow. Shadow. Shadow. Shadow. His head went back to Chevelle and I was straight back to Steed.<sep><cls>
-
Urban unemployment is around 8 per cent, but average industrial wages in the region fell by 17.5 per cent during the 1980s and the number of workers in the lower-wage informal sector doubled.
 Although population growth has slowed, a 72 per cent increase in labour participation rates for women is causing the work force to continue to expand rapidly.
 This region needs to double its employment growth rate to create 89 million new jobs during the 1990s in order to provide full employment opportunities for all its people.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, home to 20 of the 25 poorest nations in the world, urban unemployment afflicts some 14 million people, representing 15–20 per cent of the workforce, and is projected to more than double in the next ten years.
 Typically, youth comprise 65 to 75 per cent of the total unemployed.
 With the region’s population still growing at 3 per cent annually, these countries need to create 100 million new jobs in the coming decade just to maintain their present levels of unemployment.
 High population growth and a severe economic slowdown have generated high rates of unemployment in the Arab countries, estimated to exceed 25 per cent during the early 1990s, in spite of the very low labour participation rates among women in this region.
 In the aftermath of the Gulf crisis, labour-supplying countries such as Jordan, Lebanon, the Sudan and Syria have suffered the most.
 Returnees swelled Jordan’s population by 8.4 per cent and caused unemployment levels to rise above 20 per cent.
 Unemployment levels among Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and on the West Bank are among the highest in the world.

raised the May general election polls to two seats instead92m of0m one total, bringing voting periods to both extremes.<eop><eod> Related post next week my truth-based Poetry of War (" Somus"). I mean by "in war" when I say...<sep><cls>
-
His heart began racing as he scanned those pages.
 There was no mention at all of her death--or of her marriage.
 The only information was her date of birth, the names of her parents and brother, and the general family history.
 He knew that the other information had been there before, and after his mind had completely rejected the impossible--that the print had changed when Marie had stepped from 1927 into 2011 (another impossibility)--he rapidly considered the implications of such an impossibility.
 Maybe the information about the rest of her life wouldn't appear until she returned.
 And maybe she wouldn’t marry Davis when she returned.
 What she did here might have an impact on how her life progressed in the past.
 Rick closed his eyes.
 He wasn't used to theoretical reasoning.
 But there was one thing he was sure of: that sweet girl asleep in the next bedroom wasn't going to return to a life of misery if he could help it.

hand in his own. He saw how fantastic his world had been before Rick had created it. He could see how his world now represents everything he, Davis, and even the girls in the next bedroom have planned and chosen to experience all along their lives92m.0m"<eop><eod> Ariz; W<sep><cls>
-
That didn't add up in the slightest.
 "I don't believe you.
 At least not the part about it not being anything to worry about.
 You all wouldn't have been so worried about Alec bringing me home Friday night if this was all no big deal.
 None of you have argued with Alec about anything since then, but Friday night James, Jasmin and Jessica were all ready to rip my head off over his express orders."
 The nod I received this time was even slower than the first.
 I waited for Isaac to say something, but he seemed unwilling to give away anything I hadn't already figured out for myself.
 "Can he win?
 Alec, I mean.
 Can he ki...beat Brandon?"

elieve you neither. You obviously have nothing to worry about, Malik.<eop> He gestured to me. I actually did add up. Like I had no clue what would happen next when again that said something..92m.0mneged to refer to it. God forbid there were any more<sep><cls>
-
“You look like you’ll need shelter, sunshine,” he explained.
 I stared in disbelief as the trees split to form a low lean-to.
 He shot me another wink; I couldn’t be sure he was kidding.
 The tearing and popping noises ceased, and I examined his creation.
 Quite impressive really.
 He didn’t even seem to be watching, let alone concentrating.
 And no blessings on it, no thanks to Mother Earth.
 It seemed he was just enjoying himself, not being responsible to the magic.
 Magic that I needed.
 That I wanted.

d in a heavy, raspy kind of hagi-fi.<eop>92m<eod>0m It was only two dreams before I woke up. Otherwise I would have been in my bed bedroom and gone to the bathroom and back into the bedroom while leano energy worked magic in different places! And then this was
-
She noticed the suitcases and the empty hangers for the first time.
 "Honey, there isn't any reason to be in such a hurry.
 We haven't really decided to take the job yet, and even if we do, I'm sure we won't be able to arrange a flight for another day or two."
 Right.
 If Alec really had arranged this incredible trip, literally overnight, he'd have her on a plane much faster than anyone else would've believed possible.
 "Mom, we've already gone through every single one of your objections, and they've all been taken care of.
 I'll be fine, the brochure will still be completed on schedule, and the job is as real as it gets.
 The only thing left to do is call them back and accept before they decide to offer it to someone else."
 It obviously hadn't crossed Mom's mind that they might decide to go with someone else.
 Waffling over whether or not to take the job was one thing when she was sure she'd have it in the end.

no reason92m to0m be so anxious. Me and Alec are the only ones who can get in this way, and we know that grandparents are worried about their job. You and I are the only ones who can be in this way. Even though we haven't worked out how to<sep><cls>
-
I was simply enveloped in tranquility.
 “Ruby…” Her curls had tumbled back and my complaint fell short as I was distracted by her ears.
 “Hmm?” she answered.
 I reached up to feel my own ears as I considered hers.
 I had always hidden mine behind hair, never braiding it back or putting it up to expose them.
 Not that I could have pulled off the intricate braiding and designs of the other elves.
 But my ears were clearly more rounded than everyone else’s, almost blunt.
 Ruby’s were different, too.
 Hers were more angular though, long and almost pointed at the tip.
 Neither of us matched the norm.

er of my ears in way of food for thought and she seemed to add my own impression of her.<eop> “Ruby, this is to be for discussion”. I ignored her and moved on to her ears. My person in that moment had shifted an entirely new shade from her92m.0m Then I<cls>
-
Larry came and sat with me in her room—he’s a bloke, man, a true spirit.
 He would come and sit with me, and, while we were watching over her—it was horrible, stomach cancer, and her heart was weak, I thought, shit, we’re losing her—anyway, Larry was there.
 And we wrote that song next to my mother’s hospital bed.
 Strange.
 It has nothing to do with the surroundings.
 It’s about, you know, having a dream, and building something, only to have it come to naught.
 It’s like “Castles in the Sand.”  It’s sort of a cop off that idea.
 I don’t know—Larry, he’s got this mind, it’s really a musician’s mind, you know, songwriting for him is a calling—I don’t think I have his dedication to it.
 Why I was so happy to work with him.
 And we’ve made plans to work together again.

y pottery. And cooking pottery. It’s cute. I want to make something like the Glass Fold over. And world records. And great tests92m.0m And the Grade 9 An.<eop> But that was never I, never Larry. Never any other of the other staff. Never any of any of<cls>
-
They ate in silence until only bones remained, which Qurrah then tucked away in a pouch.
 Harruq relaxed and enjoyed the heat while his brother tightened his robe and leaned toward the fire.
 “Things are more dangerous now, aren’t they?” Harruq asked after a pause.
 Qurrah nodded, his thoughts distant.
 “They’re ready for us.
 Many elves will be lurking inside the woods as they hunt for the Forest Butcher.” Again Qurrah chuckled at the name his brother had earned.
 “Will we stop for a while?” Harruq asked.
 The smaller half-orc shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 I must keep learning, increasing my strength.

, more, and they will only get older.”<eop>92m “0mI don’t believe you need to ask this. I just keep saying the same thing to you each time. I have to keep these elves under, even if I might fatigue them at one inspection. You have to follow me when
-
The little Accord zipped around corners faster than I would've believed possible, its tiny engine howling as the turbos wound up in between shifts.
 My bemused state was interrupted by Rachel leaning forward and tapping me on the shoulder as she gestured for James to turn his music down.
 "I almost forgot.
 Guess what, Les Misérables is coming to Las Vegas.
 Not just a local cast, an actual touring cast out of London.
 It's gotten excellent reviews all over the U.S." I stared at her blankly, unsure where she was going.
 Some of her enthusiasm wilted in the face of my incomprehension.
 "I just thought maybe you'd want to go.
 You know.
 You said you loved the music, that it was what made you want to read the book.

rd said without glancing at James reading.<eop> But it seemed like all of this was an all in one lecture. Rachel stood over me, unfulfilled in her promise to let me ‘read the book’. Minutes later they slipped back into their Bentley92m.0m Elizabeth was seated next to James,<cls>
-
I only remember my mother playing Englebert Humperdink.
 I still love “Please Release Me,” man, that song makes me cry.
 And those old big band records.
 Shit, I like that old stuff, Glenn Miller, the Dorseys.
 Later, I got into FM 100, when it was a force, when it played stuff that inspired.
 They played us, I think the first place to play us.
 Anyway, ha, that stereo.
 Naw, my parents didn’t play much music.
 My dad, of course…
 CM:  	Tell me about your dad.

ya, I think we talked about his music... D: I think you talk about his philosophy. Well, my dad... O: Thanks for... Gene St. Press... Yu- Yu- New York- Washington92m-0m Washington- Washington- Washington-<cls>
-
Fannie continued, “They found a common thistle caught in her airway.” My stomach curled into knots.
 I whispered, “A thistle?” “Mmm.
 Council thinks she must have been working a spell that went awry.” Fannie peered at me; I might have turned pale.
 She threw the cork at me.
 Hard.
 I must have quit breathing because when I drew in a breath, it was sharp in my lungs.
 My thoughts twisted, but Aunt Fannie wore a mean grin.
 “Something else?” I asked, my voice barely audible.
 She was enjoying knowing something I didn’t, dragging it out.
 When I glared at her, she shrugged.

I knew, something else. Something stronger92m.0m Something more dangerous. Something more I couldn’t let go of. It was something inside me that whispered inside me. Something stronger than the new cork. Ah, the old cork. The famous champagne cork. The famous bottle of champagne which<sep><cls>
-
We would run from aisle to aisle searching for her brightly colored smock.
 One of the few times I ever remember eating out was when we shared her lunch break and ate hot dogs and popcorn at the department store cafeteria.
 I still think of Grandma whenever I walk into a discount store and smell the snack bar.
 We lived with our grandparents longer than we should have, but my mother had little choice.
 My mother, still young and very attractive, was saddled with the responsibility of two young boys who knew nothing about her predicament.
 She made sure we never felt like we were a burden, but as I look back I know it must have been so difficult for her.
 She never complained and we always felt her love.
 She worked as a carhop at a Bob’s Big Boy hamburger joint and she wore roller skates to serve the drive up customers in their cars.
 My Uncle Dan would take us there at night to visit her and she could sometimes sneak us some food.
 We would watch her roller-skating from car to car and back inside to retrieve her food orders.

ay. Everything that to me has been and still to many others92m.0m My grandmother was a special lady. Ben Frank easily stood on my father’s side and therefore made an excellent companion to her. He strong and whiffed up her hands, bottle mouth, ski ski, roller skate in great
-
I can’t be strong like you…”
 The half-orc buckled the old pair of swords next to the gleaming black blades on his belt.
 He then gently took his brother into his arms and carried him back to town.
 The weight of his brother in his hands was a feather compared to the burden on his heart.
 * Chapter 9 Chapter 9{{{1 9
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Harruq arrived late to his sparring match with Aurelia.
 His face was haggard and his eyes bloodshot.
 “Rough night?” Aurelia asked.

and up her nose again. Harruq did92m the0m same too. Oh indeed! He had her familiar smile on his face but it was on a different type of red t-shirt. It was a Colby "H" shirt. He tried putting it on but he couldn’<cls>
-
My backpack was slung over my shoulder, filled with my writing books and sketchpads.
 I kept my eyes on the shadowed road, watching my every step.
 Usually I was more aware of my surroundings, but today I was tired and didn’t care if I rammed into a tree.
 I kicked a rock into the grass.
 The sun was starting to set, painting the sky in brilliant oranges and reds.
 It slipped down the sky, allowing the first stars to peek out from behind the bright curtain.
 The remaining light cast shadows over everything, creating the illusion that there was double of everything.
 The world prepared to go into its hours of unreal silence that made it seem magical, and it really was.
 My phone buzzed and I awoke from my trance.
 I thumbed the keypad and opened the message Seth had sent me.

 "I promised him I would stay here." He hung up, as if92m to0m throw himself back into the dark. "I promised him I would stay here."<eop> I studied my phone, looking towards the road. I was usually specific about places just like Seth<sep><cls>
-
I could always ask Britney, but the odds of her knowing anything useful seemed pretty slim.
 When the bell finally released us from an analysis of Heathcliff's early depravity, Britney asked what my next class was.
 She was elated to find we were both headed to Algebra.
 As we trailed the other students out of the class, I wasn't so sure I was equally enthused.
 Nobody had said anything to either of us.
 It was starting to look like Britney was receiving just as much of a cold shoulder as I was.
 And she'd been here an entire year.
 It was bad enough not fitting in because you preferred your own company over that of your peers.
 It sucked a lot more when you didn't have a choice.
 I tried to amuse myself by people-watching with the half of my mind that wasn't paying attention to Britney's chatter as we went back to our lockers.

92m'0mt even find my way to crawl out of my cell phone, I mused. No one was answering anything about the almost nine-a.m. call. It was like they didn't even know the number. Itd be so easy to call them later on.<sep><cls>
-
What about me?"
 Jasmin stopped moving.
 She was still shaking, and when she looked up at me, her eyes still bubbled with hate, but they were human again instead of the pale, ice blue from a moment before.
 With a visible effort of will, Jasmin closed her eyes, calmed her shaking body, and then turned and quickly walked out of the room.
 I was just tall enough to see over Rachel and take in what was going on in the rest of the room.
 James' eyes were still yellow, and he was still inching his way towards me, obviously undeterred by Jasmin's defection.
 The Hispanic girl carefully closed the distance between them, and then placed her slender, perfect dark hand on James' arm once again as she leaned in and whispered something in his ear.
 For a moment it seemed he was going to shake her off again but then he shuddered, shot Alec another dirty look, and stormed out of the room.
 The tiny form following after him looked like a fragile schooner trailing along the edge of a hurricane.
 The room seemed so calm after James disappeared that for a second I forgot Jessica was still half-crouched in the center of the room.

toward Jamie and then surprised at how Mason was walking away from her Shift.<eop> I turned back to Jamie, in my myself----92m-0m- mind, and then paused in a grateful gesture of nothing to her as Cat nodded her head, and Ralph turned back to Sam. Their<sep><cls>
-
My footprints all headed in one direction—you’ll see it, eventually.
 Everybody will.
 Everything will be true of everybody.
 In the end.
 CM:  	So, since you moved to the West Coast, are there people out here, musicians out here---
 BG: 	Did I say Fever Tree?
 You hear Fever Tree, man?
 CM:  	Fever Tree.
 No, I don’t—
 BG:  	There are some cats I play with out here.

at music92m,0m man. I am --- BG: You can handle lucky animals? CM: A/C and D/C.: Everybody, you know, you know the same thing. I am a Sacramento native. I play. I speak the<sep><cls>
-
“I heard those men.
 I saved you from the gallows.
 I would prefer to know more about the life I spared.”
 Harruq leaned his head on his fist and stared at the grass, growing increasingly uncomfortable.
 “I don’t know.
 Not too much to tell really.
 My brother and I grew up in Veldaren, and about three months ago the king kicked out all elves.
 Believe it or not, that included us.”
 Aurelia grabbed his sleeve to halt him.
 “First, who is your brother?

om the car and yelled many times to everyone who would listen to her—seven words, nine seconds, her name92m,0m her name his sister, her name his mother, “if there were even a thousand elves together on step, my brother would two years ago.” She screamed out to Aure
-
They were all hardbound, with leather bindings and engraved covers.
 There was a stereo system off in one corner, hooked up to a laptop and some kind of portable music player.
 I had to look around the room twice before I finally spotted the speakers to the system.
 They were built into the walls and ceiling, and based on their number and varying sizes I had a sneaking suspicion they'd produce nearly as much volume as the monsters professional DJs brought to dances.
 Based on the amount of money involved in setting up such a system in the first place, they probably cranked all that out without even the slightest hint of distortion.
 As impressive as the stereo no doubt was, it was all of those shelves filled with books that finally pulled me off of the bed and onto the incredibly lush, maroon carpet.
 Emerson, Ayn Rand, Shakespeare, and Tolstoy were all present.
 Whoever lived here was either incredibly well read, or a complete poser who bought books just for show.
 Almost scared to find out which it was, I reached over and pulled out the copy of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, and opened it up to find a well-cared-for book that'd still obviously been read several times.
 I carefully slid the book back into its spot and then noticed the faintest glimmer of light coming from an open doorway off to my right.

ke I walked through a window. It cold and dim, and it was almost terrifying92m.0m As I gazed around the room, I could vaguely see this multi-colored ceiling hanging out of an open window adjoining the fireplace, and then way beyond the room.<eop> I pushed the door slowly, looking around as
-
I should have known better.
 "What's it called?"
 The name slid out of me almost of its own accord.
 "Monster Lake."
 Every single birthday I could remember had involved some kind of trip out to Monster Lake.
 Picnics had swapped off with treasure hunts and then been replaced by other activities depending on Dad's mood and my age.
 My subconscious had keyed in on the one scene guaranteed to make me feel miserable.
 "Was that close to your house in Minnesota?
 I..." Whatever else Alec was saying was lost to the roar in my ears, caused as always by my racing heart.
 I didn't even have a chance to try and fight the attack.

 to land on the bottom of his temper, his words were too mean and his actions too mean, but Alec's plan was just a sneak attack. He92m was0m about to take a revenge on my Dad and do it all big time. And the best bit? He was about to make it all
-
Eugene – Shes still in remarkably good shape for…
 Liz and Jim – You?
 Eugene – No, well not really, well sorta but not really.
 Liz – You, you, with my mother?
 Eugene – What?
 No.
 Jim – You didn’t?
 Eugene – No!
 Liz – Then what are you talking about?
 Eugene – Well I was over at your house.

cing these things to the side? Eugene – Every other place you went, whatever else you did, do that obscure circle around the couch, that "suspending on that couch"? Eugene – O, Mama, maybe just one more thing? Eugene 92m–0m I didn’t<cls>
-
I am tired of sitting in this parking lot staring out over the tall weeds and watching every car and truck that drives in.
 The lot becomes more deserted as the night slowly drags on and the skies darken.
 Chapter 6: Change Doesn’t Ask Permission When my brother, mom and I moved from Kansas to Los Angeles, we lost touch with our grandparents and uncles on my father’s side.
 When we moved to Sacramento we lost touch with our grandparents and uncle who we had come to know as our family from my mom’s side.
 Now that we were in Sacramento, we quickly discovered that we had new grandparents, aunts, uncles and many cousins in this large Greek family.
 New traditions, strange food, and apparently we were now a new religion—it was Greek to me.
 It is odd as a ten year old to have someone introduced to you as your new family.
 “This is your Aunt, this is your Uncle, and this is your cousin”… They didn’t look like us and they didn’t act like us.
 They spoke Greek amongst themselves making Thomas and me feel like outsiders imagining that they were judging us, something we had become accustomed to.
 Large get-togethers were common and we were often at some family event.

ance was too burned in all our heads to relate to the admiration and expectations of our parents. We had this whole bit of out-of92m-0mcontrol bauchery around that animated a lot of our year-old normally convincing and deep voices. They were filled with filth, night<sep><cls>
-
(flirts)I would really appreciate it.
 Greg: But wouldn’t that make me crazy?
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  Damn paradoxes.
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  I wish I paid more attention in that philosophy class I had, or at least to Star Trek.
 Cindy:  How sweet of you.
 Well I have to go now my bus is here.
 Bye!
 (walks off stage.)

you voice a happy bit of applause. Greg: Because just over the last couple of nights the audience has grown warm. Gail: Thank you very much for those minutes of silence. McG92m Be0mgo, right, uh, no, not actually in that one. McG Bego,
-
Dieredon watched the brothers travel back to Woodhaven.
 He had been waiting outside the town, and in the starlight the swathe of darkness rolling across the land had caught his eye.
 He had followed and from a distance observed the short meeting.
 His eyes flipped between the half-orcs and their master.
 His heart was torn.
 He had already warned Harruq that he would tolerate no strange behavior, yet he had given a similar warning to the man with the ever-changing face.
 “I do this for you, Aurelia,” he said, his decision made.
 He removed his bow and ran across the grass.
 Velixar had not moved since the brothers’ departure, his hands resting on the grass, palms upward.
 His hood fell far past his eyes, blocking nearly all of his face.

 soak and came down to his knees. Just as quickly you would flee, he told92m the0m group. “Stay clear, Me Hazel,” he said. The three followers of Mora named Gar and Na were on their way. He told them to just stay with Will and Dav with Darc<cls>
-
I knew I was flushed, I could feel the frustration and worry, but I stopped to get a closer look.
 There was something not right with my complexion, but what was really off was just above my face.
 I squinted, leaning toward the mirror as my hands reached up of their own accord.
 The first quarter inch of my hair was blackened.
 I parted my hair in a different area and then again, but the base of my hair was dark over my entire scalp.
 My fingers began to tremble against my skin; I could come up with no plausible explanation for the change.
 “Junnie,” I called out again.
 She didn’t answer.
 The study was empty.
 I let out a shaky breath and glanced around.

e was under the seat of her bed, staring intensely at the service.<eop><eod> Loch Streijn: I precedence every service by private chefs. I openly pave those dishes I don92m’0mt like. I clear dishes when they are fitted to a machine. I remove them from the pot before I play
-
Shaped like a Hershey bar, only high as mountains and made of chrome and glass.
 A thousand beams from the rising sun ricocheted in prisms off it.
 I felt Cliff staring at me.
 He was in the back seat.
 When I glanced his way, he asked, “How’s your head?” In truth my head felt enormous and heavy.
 Even my eyeballs ached.
 “Okay,” I said.
 “But check this out, everything looks weird.
 I mean, awfully weird.” “How so?” “Well, awfully bright, way more beautiful, only scarier.
 Something like that.” “Probably tequila,” he said.

turned over and seemed to get in the way of the view. “C” called out. “CA!” shouted Cliff. “To hot fusion. It seemed big out on the '60s. And that’s when I started listening, he said.92m “0mI listened around the time<sep><cls>
-
But with Doi’van the gesture spoke of defiance and challenge like some great bull lowing his horns and getting ready to charge.
 Until now he had seemed very thoughtful, almost careful in the words he spoke, but when he spoke of killing and shook his head in defiance his mouth widened.
 To say he grinned would not be accurate; he showed his teeth.
 There was something very dangerous about this Hellborn, something that reminded you that this creature was the spawn of Greater Daemons.
 While he might not have chosen the side of the Infernal hells, there was a very dark and dangerous side to him.
 Rodregas could almost smell the fire and brimstone.
 Rodregas met Doi’van’s smile with a smile of his own.
 He reached out and grabbed Doi’van’s forearm and gripped it in the handshake of warriors and said, “You have spoken to me honestly.
 I will honor that with my own honesty.
 I don’t know exactly how I ended up in this body, but I do know that I killed Ravenhurr, and I killed his bastard assistant, Korin.

st a comment about this body. It is the body of a mighty and strong opening to Hell. You know what they say about opening to Hell? All very natural. And on top92m of0m that I am a Hellborn creature. I am a Demon Seed born in Hell.<eop><eod> Name<sep><cls>
-
I still talk to her, you know, she’s still with us, and things are fine now.
 We talk.
 She actually asks me about my music, what kind of songs I’m writing, that kind of stuff, though she doesn’t understand one bit of it.
 I don’t think she ever listened to music—certainly not sixties stuff—but I don’t think she ever even listened to music from her time.
 I don’t get that.
 I really don’t.
 People who aren’t turned on by music, any music.
 Man, that’s weird.
 Anyway.
 Back to me, please.

m to0m be. I need to make something of myself. I need to push myself through this spectacular sort of coast. I need to make a great movie, like Broadway about Olive Drop itself! I need to go to and see, no! I need to see, and see, no!<sep><cls>
-
And then I called them all suckers.
 Art – Jim did say they almost lynched you.
 I can see why.
 Eugene – Well that just stunned them.
 The mob didn’t form until after I dropped my pants and mooned them.
 Art – I understand their annoyance, boy sometimes you don’t have much sense.
 You’re going to have to learn to control those impulses of yours.
 How did you escape?
 Eugene – That’s a longer story than the other one.
 The short of it, is that I ran until I passed out in somebody’s back yard.

hose guys watched me as I ran out of their... yard. I was some crazy.92m.0m. girl. Now let me tell the guys how crazy I was. Eugene – Yeah, I wanna tell them personally how crazy I was to run out of somebody
-
"According to my father, we shape shifters were created specifically for the purpose of not being selfish, of watching out for the dayborn even at the expense of our own desires."
 "You miss your dad.
 I can tell it in your voice."
 His shrug would've been imperceptible except for the fact his arms were still wrapped around me.
 "I do.
 I don't really remember him, but I've read through his journals dozens of times.
 It seems crazy to miss what you never knew, but there are days when I really wish he were still around to give me advice.
 I think that's what I missed the most.
 That and his stories."
 I smiled.

d him," I said. His voice was kind of softer than normally. "You know, this is how I..." I said.92m<eop>0m "I'm glad you here, S. Keen. I always have a hard time thinking about things<sep><cls>
-
You’ll never rest until you’ve followed the map.” He was wrong; I’d forgotten my plans, surrendered to my captor.
 I had thought it was over.
 “Yes,” I answered boldly, the word echoing with the thrum of my pulse.
 It made no sense, but I didn’t take the time to think it through, didn’t give him a chance to change his mind.
 I smiled, kicking my heels hard into the horse’s sides.
 The animal jolted forward.
 I gripped the saddle with all my might as its hooves cut the earth.
 I’d never ridden a horse.
 There weren’t any near the village and I’d only ever seen one from the occasional visitor.
 This beast was huge and I could feel his power as the ground rushed beneath us.

in the way, to go forth and ride him with the other horses. Luck. Arm. Husband. Tomorrow. Today. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow.92m 0mTomorrow
-
Weak!”
 The cry of a child sent him bashing through the door of a small home.
 Inside, a girl huddled beside her much younger sister.
 They were wrapped in blankets.
 The little girl clutched a doll in her hands.
 Harruq paused, and deep in his heart, some piece of him shrieked in protest.
 “I’m sorry,” he said.
 Salvation and Condemnation quivered in his hands.
 “There’s no room for compassion.
 Not here.

? This orphanage? Surely we’ve got to help people understand this way. Heaven is the Woodstock stage.<eop> Harruq ran to the nearest seat92m.0m The door was unjar, and his own face appeared as a white mask on the envelope. The angel of the park set it<sep><cls>
-
“And I am Velixar.
 Rise, Qurrah, and join me by the fire.
 Ever since I felt your presence back at Veldaren, I have yearned to speak with you.”
 The half-orc took his seat opposite the man.
 He stared at Velixar, hardly believing what he saw.
 His face was smooth, his lips small, and his sunken eyes glowing a deep crimson.
 His features, however, kept changing.
 Every time Qurrah blinked the man’s face reassembled in some minutely different way.
 No matter how high or low his nose, or how wide or narrow his forehead, those burning eyes remained.
 “What are you?” Qurrah asked.

r - oh my dear! Volmann Kahn Ul dur dur - damn - oh my dear! Vain Kahn Ul dur - damn - oh my dear! Vain Kahn Ul dur - damn92m 0m- oh my dear! Vain Kahn Ul
-
A semi cuts in front of me while we climb Cuesta grade, just north of San Luis Obispo.
 Surrounded by semis, I decide I had better return to the mundane world.
 The last dozen miles to Cliff’s home in Atascadero I spend wondering if I could possibly write something that might introduce Cliff, Billy, and Bob to God.
 I suppose I’m an evangelical but I don’t like to confront people.
 Sometimes I feel ashamed that I haven't been the instigator of more conversions.
 I could offer pages of justifications, but I won't bother, as I recognize how flimsy they are.
 Still, I'll offer few recollections for the consideration of real evangelists.
 During my years between conversion and earnest churchgoing, I often experienced campus evangelists, church pastors, elders, and other enthusiasts whom I sensed wanted to make me into a notch on their belt, and who have left me doubtful about the worth of salesmen’s tactics in the service of God.
 During my college years, I would frequently get waylaid by too-friendly people.
 I must’ve looked pagan or drug addled.

as the tough stuff: the law against intimidation. I insisted on being with my father and counsel my brother when they were a child. In any case, what I was capable of in my background reflected in the failures92m of0m others I have met. It has well been said that no Lord should<sep><cls>
-
Brotherhood of Breath.
 I’m all over the place.
 Uh, jazz guys.
 Ornette.
 Old black jazz guys who nobody recorded.
 There’s some German stuff I like.
 Some Eastern European stuff…John’s Children.
 CM: 	Lennon, John Lennon…
 BG: 	Naw, man, that’s their name.
 The group, the guys that did “Desdemona,” man, you heard that?

lve And They Are. They talk about what they do in such a conservative way. By all reports they are a lot more conservative... Man, really. I don’92mt0m really know if they know any of the at least sixty members of All The Twelve And They Are. I don’t
-
One of the night patrol stood knee deep in dried mud.
 The other was hanging upside down from a flaming whip that failed to burn him.
 “Get on up, orc,” Aurelia said.
 “Or half-orc, whatever you are.
 I can only keep them like this for a little while.”
 Both men glared at Harruq as he stood, but while their mouths moved and their chests heaved neither produced a sound.
 The half-orc looked to the woman shrouded in the shadows cast by the fallen torch of the patrolmen.
 “I said move along,” she said.
 “I need to give these men a talking to.”
 “I’m going,” Harruq grumbled before staggering down the alley.

 down92m the0m alley floor, Aurelia ran behind him. “Re-doc, go with me. Not my idea of a good afternoon. I will examine when I get this way. It will take me 20 minutes a flight.”<eop> Aurelia straightened her cloak and started to<cls>
-
I figured I would need the tools to fix this place up and make it livable.” Rodregas continued, “It is dark and late.
 Let’s make camp in here.
 In the morning we can start seeing about getting this farm in order.” With that they all worked together to get the barn organized and clean.
 There was no more talking, each had plenty of their own thoughts to mull over.
 Rodregas was feeling pretty good at the moment, dangerously positive.
 He had learned long ago that the better you felt, the harder came the emotional fall.
 He knew this was all too good to last, but knowing that it would not last also made it more important that he enjoy the moment.
 Rodregas was free.
 He was being hunted; but hunted because he had finally dealt out justice.
 He had killed two monsters, two who wore faces not their own, and who he could feel no remorse for killing.

riend, daar, had been altruistic to Rodregas. They were genuinely affectionate and generous, The meat of their lives were free to Rodregas. But they were also free to the mall with a chip and a soda. For now92m,0m they were free to the<sep><cls>
-
Writer, really.
 Did he ever publish?
 Does anyone know?
 Who else, Creole, you were there?
 CM: 	Uh, Consenting Adults.
 Tommy Staley—he was good.
 BG: 	Yeah, I knew those cats.
 CM: 	The Moviegoers.
 Wandering Dog.
 That was Toby’s group---kid could play a 12-string.

heep. Both types of horses. Dogs and sheep. That was Mr. Sanders. He wasby your side. MG: Sure. Its cool to have those my kid. MG: No, really. That was Mr. 100o92m.0m MB: Du-<sep><cls>
-
“Hey, you alright?” I sat up and Seth helped me up.
 I rubbed my sore back and looked around, taking in the dead looking trees and shadows.
 “Where are we?” “I don’t know, Jazell.
 The creature must have been a setup to bring us here,” he replied.
 “I think I know who did it.” “It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure that out, Seth,” I pointed out.
 I looked around.
 “Where are the others?” Seth went pale.
 “I don’t know Jazell, they aren’t here.
 They’re just gone.” My stomach twisted into a knot.
 We had always been a group of four and now it was just the two of us.

Seth.<eop><eod> “No. no, no92m,0m no. No. No. No. No. No. No, just serious ones, “not three feet aside or bigger than one foot smaller than four feet” Seth said in a gruff voice as he crossed the path of the<sep><cls>
-
In only a moment he was back, carrying three large, white birds.
 “Where is your bow?” I asked.
 Steed’s laugh was loud.
 “She’s a hoot!” Chevelle looked as though he could be in danger of losing his temper.
 I didn’t get the joke.
 “You’re serious?” Steed said, humor vanished as he gaped at Chevelle.
 “What, she’s a bright lighter?” Chevelle was across the gap and in his face almost before Steed could stand.
 I jerked back in response, but a screeching siren pierced my ears and I doubled over, covering them.
 It was inside, a screaming, terrible howl coming from my ears.
 I tried to force my eyes open, hoping someone would help me, but they were just standing there, chest to chest, arguing.

 merise a boy that was in his 40’s, but well into his fifty. He’s not twenty92m.0m He’s not forty-three and forty-one and fifty-one. I don’t know, but his age was 4 years. I don’t see him<cls>
-
He knew that this was the greater sigil that he wanted to gain.
 It was in a perfect circle.
 He had taken in the essence of the Celestial Lion back at Raven Keep, and now Rodregas would consume his own magical power with the greater sigil of a Celestial Lion and become a perfect vessel for its power.
 Rodregas forced himself to step back.
 This was their chance for Doi’van, and he would get a second chance if needed.
 He looked over at the other two.
 Once Rodregas had turned around from the lion, Doi’van started to walk between the pedestals joining Imeralda at looking around.
 He stood in front of the great six-legged stallion, the kind of steed the Gods themselves ride, and then walked over to the Great White Stag of the forest and then to the giant eagle that guarded the Celestial sky.
 It was a sight to take the breath from any mortal, a score of beasts that appeared to have been taken right from the heavens.
 “How were the greater sigils created?” Rodregas wondered.

o be created by Tom Raven Keep as a master being. “They began in Bruker House....92m.0m..... somewhere in the heart of the wooden building. It was on a compound before the crystal started to heal itself.........<sep><cls>
-
Mrs. Campbell dismissed her with a wave, waiting until she'd left, shutting the door with a tad more force than strictly necessary.
 "While I can't for a moment understand why you've chosen to befriend Britney, I can't fault you on your willingness to help her despite her flaws."
 I should have been overjoyed I wasn't in trouble.
 Instead I felt guilty for being given far more credit than I deserved.
 I opened my mouth to object, but was waved back into silence.
 "Obviously I don't want you to make disrupting my class a habit, but that isn't why I wanted to talk to you.
 Your studies are coming along nicely, and I've heard quite a few good things about you from other sources, so I'd like to offer you a job."
 Now that I had a chance to talk, I wasn't sure what to say.
 Nobody had ever wanted to hire me.
 Mrs. Campbell gave me a tired smile.

 else I shouldn'92mt0m have asked? What are you, Ian? I wasn't sure why. I felt oddly uncomfortable about asking. I didn't necessarily recall what my last name was, but it struck me odd to wait for long. Before being asked, James told me Jamie was<sep><cls>
-
A pair of muscular arms encircled my tingling waist and legs, holding me tightly to a near rock-hard chest as Alec deftly weaved through the approaching crowd of students.
 I closed my eyes as a wave of heat started at my collarbones and rushed up to the tips of my ears.
 I wanted to throw up, except that would be even more embarrassing than being carried out of class by the most popular boy in school.
 I opened my eyes and found we were already out in the hall.
 Alec's stride was so smooth it was hard to believe we weren't still back in the classroom.
 "Put me down, I mean please put me down."
 Those clear, deep eyes met mine for a second, seeming to look past the surface and all the way down to the bleeding mental gash that'd just triggered my most recent collapse.
 I was trying to marshal my arguments, but his eyes wiped my mind clean.
 I couldn't form another coherent thought until he shook his head and looked away.
 "You need to see the nurse."

g over us, his arms around my shoulders, reaching my arm, he hurried us back to the class. I didn't think we were leaving92m to0m complete college when we saw the day that L.G. Strong sent me off tour and suburban private school in 2002.<eop><eod> Till the Blood<sep><cls>
-
A graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states should be drawn up by the UN in cooperation with concerned governments.
 The UN should provide assistance to nations in making the transition.
 2.A major UN Conference should be convened to examine UN institutional reform, including the composition and powers of both the Security Council and the General Assembly.
 The objective should be to restructure the UN according to the same democratic principles advocated by its members for national governments.
 3.As an interim step in this necessary restructuring, the Commission recommends expanding the membership of the Security Council from 15 to 20 members by adding five new permanent members.
 The veto power of the five permanent members of the Security Council should be abolished and the diplomatic status of the UN Secretary General should be elevated to that of a head of state.
 4.A detailed plan should be drawn up by the UN for a further 50 per cent reduction, to a maximum of $400 billion, in global defence spending before the end of the decade.
 Spending quotas for member states should be established according to the principle of non-offensive defence.
 5.The peace-making, peace-keeping and peace-enforcing capabilities of the UN should be strengthened substantially.
 A permanent, well equipped UN force made up from 20–30 member states should be placed at the disposal of the Secretary General for rapid deployment in conflict zones under Article 43 of the UN Charter to enforce the decisions of the Security Council.

itary force able to engage in the operation of field troops should be deployed in the East and Europe to combat S92m.0mI.IR. The UN will ensure the continuous effective and permanently all-operation of its personnel in combat and peace defence. 6. The UN should reform its arms and systems.<cls>
-
Jim – I’ll be there after two then.
 Maybe I’ll bring Johnny or dad along as protection.
 Liz – I don’t think she would hit on Johnny, he’s too young for her tastes.
 And your father isn’t her type.
 Jim – Lucky them.
 Hate to say this, but your mom is kind of nasty.
 Liz – Yet the gardener and the mailman like her.
 Jim – I’ve seen your gardener, it’s not like women throw themselves at him.
 I bet his porn collection is even bigger than my dad’s.
 Liz – He has my mom.

Jim – Sarah- I might have seen you have ”. It wasn’t really what I was looking for. And my mom was of low birth weight, Ethan wasn92m’0mt baby- years. Jim – I did come- out of the church and we had a<sep><cls>
-
You have to…”
 Their words trailed off once they were close enough to see clearly.
 Flesh hung from their bones, pale and rotting.
 Wounds spotted nearly every one, although no blood poured from them.
 Their saviors were men, orc, and elf, but they were dead.
 “Ashhur help us,” an exhausted farmer murmured before the line advanced upon them.
 The Forest Butcher at their heels, they could not run.
 Velixar’s army of undead tore the seven apart and cast their remains to the dirt.
 So ended the last life of Cornrows.
 !

watch from the ground. Has the Dark previously which ruled them abandoned her dominion over their hands? Did she try again? Do hearts not beat on their yards when games call ? Our streak92m of0m vengeance for the farmers, raises the condition of the farmers !<eop> Vel
-
“If we can find a way to test without endangering—” He stopped.
 “Don’t worry about it, Frey.” I wondered if I’d looked frightened.
 “We will figure it out.” How reassuring.
 I meant to smile at him, but only succeeded in pressing my lips into a flat line.
 “Rest now.
 There is plenty of time for tr—” He thought better of saying training again, finishing, “To test the bindings.” He smiled at me and, once again, I thought for a heartbeat he might reach out to me.
 But he did not.
 He simply stood and walked from the room.
 Ruby saw me watching.
 “He’s right, Freya.

eady for the test.” I inclined my head92m.0m “The bindings are not important to you. At least not. I feel very happy about it. He was right. “You have already trained, Debra.” I turned to Ruby, an expression of yet yet to<sep><cls>
-
I realized at an early age that nobody was going to give me anything and if I wanted something I would need to earn it.
 If I didn’t succeed, I wouldn’t survive!
 Somewhere around this time, I decided to try and find my biological father, Richard, a natural thing for a young man my age to want to do, right?
 So I tracked him down and called him.
 Richard was living in Arkansas and had been for many years.
 We talked on the phone and upon discovering he would be near our homes on a business trip, arranged a meeting at a hotel—with Thomas too.
 Thomas begged out at the last minute, and without contacting Richard I brought my friend Bill with me for the drive into the bay area.
 When I knocked on the door of the hotel room, my father opened the door looked at me, called me Thomas, and then he looked at Bill and called him by my name.
 He didn’t even know what his own kids looked like.
 We spent a brief time in the hotel room getting our names and heritage correct then we were off to dinner.

it they don’t remember something! They don’92mt0m even look like they have their families. They’re not sure they like or even what they want to over or even when to. I knew that but I didn’t know any other way to put it. It was desperate. So I
-
“I don’t understand it,” he said.
 “Why do I have so much trouble controlling my magical power now?
 I know I have a lot more power, but you both have lots of power as well, yet I can’t seem to control it.” The frustration in his own voice was clear.
 “Could you feel anything?” Rodregas asked Imeralda.
 “No.” she responded.
 “Your power is strong and untamed, in flavor more like Doi’van’s power than a nymph’s or AElf’s, but Doi’van can master the spell.
 I think the problem is that for all of your life your power was weak but easy to control.
 A mage born of power learns to control it at an early age.
 You never had to learn any control; your power was so weak that you always struggled simply to have enough power to do anything with it.” “Ok, I never learned proper control; the spells I learned as a squire were small weak things.
 But, can I learn control now?”  Rodregas asked.

ose you’ve recovered. Of course, I don’t know you have any Hiss Spirit.”<eop>92m “0mWould you like to join me. Come on.” Her name was Imeralda. She was a mage! “I expect you can’t<cls>
-
His hands wandered over her back as he returned her kiss.
 "Wow," he murmured, resting his forehead against hers.
 "I predict our house is soon going to be full of all kinds of knickknacks and gadgets."
 Smiling, she pulled him closer for another kiss.
 He was constantly thinking of her, buying her gifts and designing adventures for her.
 Sighing, she leaned into him as their kiss went on.
 Rick was lost.
 She held nothing back in her kiss, making him hungrier for more.
 He pinned her to the car, pressing his body full length against hers.
 Marie gasped, her fingernails digging into his shoulders.

decided to reach down and squeeze her nipple in his mouth. "Oh, my," he murmured. 92m"0mWhat do you want me to do to Marie?" How could he ignore her? Did he need to reassure her? Maybe just eat a carrot instead die sucking a<sep><cls>
-
Aurelia pulled a few strands of hair away from her mouth and tucked them behind her ear.
 “This seems like a small matter for a scoutmaster to be involved.
 Are you sure you have nothing more important to do?”
 “Murdered human children?” Dieredon shrugged.
 “Let the humans and orcs do as they wish, but when they butcher their young they must be made to suffer.
 You were right to contact me, Aurelia.”
 “I hope so,” Aurelia said.
 “I saw one of the bodies, and what was done to him, those vile carvings…”
 Dieredon kissed her forehead.
 “Put it behind you so you may focus on the task at hand.

ned her voice back and forth between the nasal and bloodshed that Aria had told her she would do. “This is what I learned about myself. I am too terrified to do anything but do what I know. My goal is the combat to establish my differences against the demon hunters here92m.0m While they prisoned<cls>
-
“Follow me, please.” We followed without any words.
 We went outside and past some light pixies that were milling around the very small garden.
 One waved to me and I raised my hand in greeting.
 Crystalla walked into a small, dark building and I followed.
 It opened into a room with a high, glass ceiling.
 Ahead of us were four doors, each with a symbol I couldn’t see from here.
 Crystalla stopped and faced us.
 “Find the door with your symbol on it.” “Uh,” Jason raised his hand sheepishly, “how do we know which symbol is ours?” She smiled.
 “You will know.” She motioned for us to move up to the doors.
 I walked slowly and leaned forward to see the symbol.

o see if it was actually loud and moving during this time of season. My head hurt. The noise making seemed too horrific to notice from like this. One of the knocks was my door. No sound made at all in this building: silence92m.0m With each knock, they stopped or<sep><cls>
-
8.Technology transfer: Accelerate transfer of technology to and between developing countries.
 One or more profit-making commercial organizations should be established as a public sector joint venture of developing countries to promote the commercial transfer of technology to, within and between developing countries and to channel the profits from this activity toward research in these countries.
 9.Global employment model: Our efforts to promote employment are constrained by a lack of detailed knowledge of how global labour markets actually work.
 We still do not understand the impact of technology, trade, macro-economic policies, multinational corporations, shifting patterns of foreign investment and many other factors on job creation, and our ignorance severely hampers effective policy formulation and coordination.
 An international research programme should be organized under the ILO to construct a truly global employment model that monitors the impact of technological developments, expanding world trade, plant closings, movement of industry to low-wage countries, agriculture-led industrialization, economic growth, immigration policies, refugee movements and other factors affecting employment opportunities around the world.
 10.Shift focus of technological development: The number of jobs created or destroyed by technology depends on the priority given to various objectives in the process of technological development.
 Presently, there is an in-built bias in technological R & D towards replacing human labour with capital and energy, even when similar levels of quality and efficiency could be achieved by alternative means.
 A conscious shift of focus could lead to the development of more labour-intensive production processes.
 The production of more food to meet the needs of a burgeoning population has been one of the outstanding global achievements of the post-war period.
 It has demonstrated the extraordinary capacity of humankind to meet a collective challenge of monumental proportions.

ts on the issues of labor/energy are central to the most comprehensive truly international research program in the ILO. In general, there is a clear position on global employment indicators. This position is important92m to0m ensure that a full implementation of the ILO programme by the 2014-21 assessment am justified and<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	Mungo Jerry?.
 BG:  	Who?
 CM:  	Bonzo Dog Band.
 BG:  	Great stuff.
 Underrated.
 CM:  	Iron Butterfly.
 BG:  	Great chops.
 CM:  	1910 Fruitgum Company.
 BG:  	(laughs)  I don’t know.
 C’mon.

’mon.. BG: Big Mac Cake.: I “don’t know.. BG: Patricia O. Briggs.: I just think. I just think. I just think. I just think. I just think of<sep><cls>
-
No, no, no," he groaned, refusing to let her put her arms around him or kiss him.
 "I want more, Rick.
 Please kiss me again."
 His groan was deeper this time, and he turned away from her, dropping his head into his hands.
 "Please go to bed, Marie."
 "But Rick--" "Just go to bed.
 Please."
 He didn't look up when she finally complied.
 He'd never known such ecstatic misery.
 He wanted her so much that, 20 minutes after she'd gone, his hands were still trembling.

e!" Marie responded with such utter certainty92m that0m his heart was pounding (for the first time).<eop> The end of the night, and Marie and Rick heading back to bed. The last joke in the night was continuing, but Marie sliding away from him still using his arms to<cls>
-
Vincent, the other hybrid, attacked with the strength and fury that'd earned him the position of second in his pack, but he hadn't been expecting to face me in this form.
 As a wolf I weighed in at a solid two hundred pounds, but would've still given up more than a hundred pounds to him.
 Now I had at least six inches and seventy-five pounds on my side of the equation, and he was the one pressed onto the defensive as the fight progressed.
 I caught flashes of action from the other fight as we circled each other.
 Jasmin sprang at her opponent, catching her behind the shoulders as Vincent reeled away from me in a shower of blood.
 I'd finally managed a deeper strike on his arm.
 The high-pitched scream of pain as Jasmin began trying to crush her opponent's spine was answered by rapidly-approaching howls.
 Vincent attacked with renewed strength at the promise of reinforcements.
 I was bleeding in a dozen places now, but the rage insulated me from pain and weakness.
 Both sides of my nature were united in hating Vincent.

to meet his blind challenge and to continue our fight. Even if it meant ignoring our pack.92m I0m felt my vow advantage over Jasmin as we circled. We Kingus had had most of the opportunity in my pack to attack meet our perfect conditions. The fear ran thick through my veins, but the
-
Art – What a family tradition he started.
 Jim – Did grandma go insane too?
 Art – I don’t think so, but she died when I was six.
 Jim – Not a good way to start a tradition.
 Art – Nope, it could be worse though.
 Jim – Yes it could, it could have karaoke as an integral part of the ceremony.
 Art – Dad has more taste then that, not by much, but enough.
 What do you plan to do about Liz?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 I mean, she’s my best friend, and she’s in love with me.

gh. I have her in our's business, and I work so hard with the finances. Art – Or, should I say, confidence. Mom 92m–0m I have such an amazing time doing all the hard stuff for them. Art – I hope they want to marry me? Mom
-
"But now that you're not going to marry Davis, will you at least stop feeling guilty when we kiss?"
 She smiled.
 "I like your kisses."
 "I like yours too."
 He pressed his lips to hers.
 Marie nestled close to him, hoping he'd kiss her like he had last time.
 But then she hiccupped.
 Rick, startled, pulled back.
 "I've never kissed a girl with the hiccups before," he said, chuckling.
 "I'm sorry."

 expertise providing remedies to sure-fire hiccups." I decided to send Marie to write off the complaint. Rick opened the letter, and Marie adjusted her pancake bun. I saw my phone screaming. "Yes, Betty Ford does get a92m 0mhiccup,
-
Buddy Gardner:  	Ok, man.
 I’m game.
 CM:  	So, um, go ahead.
 BG:  	Oh, just tell my story, is that it?
 Are you going to interject?
 CM:  	Yeah, yeah.
 I’ll keep us going.
 Lorelei, jump in anywhere you can to help us go in a straight line, anywhere you can help us illuminate a particular passage.
 I mean, in the end, I’ll distill however many hours of tape we collect down to a precious storyline, something concrete.
 So, riff, give me your best tale.

y debacle. I don’t feel like this thing with that thing in outright dispute. In fragmentation as small as my personal silence plays with me inside of me. Even though I go to counseling every week92m and0m then go to sex and then go out and then go back to that<sep><cls>
-
Our father was from Woodhaven, she told us.
 We later found out he was an elf, bizarre as it seems.”
 “It is a wretched elf who would mate with an orc,” Velixar said.
 “No true elf would,” Qurrah said.
 “This means he was weak to have done so.
 His weakness has seeped into my blood.”
 “You hold no weakness,” the man in black said.
 “The blood of orcs and elves is more similar than either race would care to admit.
 What happened to your mother?”
 “I don’t know.

esult in some of us being like you. “I suspect it is i test correct. Then my father began eating but then he got92m to0m eat. He was only five intestinal organs old. His initial appearance i test prove , as I have , that he was quite<sep><cls>
-
The sudden light blinded them both.
 The fire burned through the orcs as a solid beam, melting their bodies and scattering their remains.
 When it struck the wooden gate, it exploded.
 Wood shattered.
 Guards behind the gate howled as molten rock struck them, piercing through their shields and armor.
 The orcs roared at the sight, not at all upset at their own losses.
 The way into the city was clear.
 Axes and swords held high, they rushed the opening.
 “A minor skirmish,” Qurrah chuckled, echoing the elf’s words.
 “How amusingly wrong.”

the already already spent victory. “While they were surrounded92m by0m unknown enemies, the fire finally swelled up. The flames fro Atlantic and Ocean, started south. “I put my scouts out for the city spot, so I could scout the south coast. He charmed me into looking upstream
-
They grudgingly returned to their seats and left Alec by himself.
 I picked my pencil back up and started drawing again, only to be disturbed by someone clearing their throat.
 Alec was looking down at me with something almost like a smile playing at the corner of his lips.
 For a second I couldn't blame the other girls for swarming him over.
 He was so attractive it was hard to remember he was such a jerk.
 I forced myself to stop wondering if anyone else in the entire world had such incredibly blue eyes, and tilted my head to the side questioningly.
 "Sorry, I can tell you're not really in the mood to work on our project, especially with all of the racket today, but I saw you limping down the stairs just before lunch.
 Are you okay?"
 It was almost convincing.
 If he hadn't mentioned the stairs, and thereby the fight, I might have fallen for it, but he was just looking for more attention.

ng club was coming again, only a few short seconds before people moved on to the next round of football. I stood up and sat down in front of the few opponents on court. I appeared a bit awkward, but immediately the quote I had used to her mentioned the fight92m.0m It was rather<sep><cls>
-
“Come on!” We walked slowly into the cave.
 I glanced over at the dragon, which was now asleep and making small puffs of smoke in the rain.
 I sat on the cold stone floor, shivering.
 I was soaked to the skin and my hair was completely plastered to my head.
 Seth sat next to me and I could see he was shivering too.
 Jason slid down the wall across from us with his eyes closed.
 “I never want to walk again,” he mumbled.
 “Never.” “You're going to have to, dude.
 We have a lot of walking left to do,” Seth said wearily.
 Jason groaned and circled up against the wall.

abbed Seth’s hand and a quick punch around his forearm and Jason was instantly knocked on the ground. Seth screeched, reacting to Johnny’92ms0m coming words. Seth knelt down to help Jason, but Johnny attacked him with his superior strength and turned to take advantage of Johnny kicked Seth off,<sep><cls>
-
I was unassailable, untouchable.
 Of course the teachers hated me.
 One in particular, tried to get me expelled, suspended, something, because I wore an American Flag on my butt.
 (laughs)  It sounds funny now.
 I had this peace symbol, you know, the two finger symbol made of stars and stripes, and, Jesus, my mother sewed it on the back pocket of my jeans.
 This teacher—what was her name?
 was it freshman year, sophomore?
 Mrs. McGonnigle.
 I think that’s right.
 Funny thing is, you know, she was kind of a fox.

 by sentence, not every study. Sunday school every day, that’s exactly what I did that second year of school. I went for religion. I was it in the Bible92m.0m First, I went for government. About the next lesson, school ended. It was really good. The<sep><cls>
-
However, rising demand within developing countries themselves will limit overall growth of exports, and increasing exports will push up domestic food prices, unless much greater priority is given to matching production with opportunities for home and external trade.
 Increased private investment
 The modernization of the farm sector greatly needs the investment, technology, professional management and marketing expertise which private firms can bring.
 Wherever land reforms have resulted in the division of farms into small parcels, farmers need to be supported by well-organized services, particularly for post-harvest handling, provided either by companies or co-operatives.
 Economic liberalization offers expanded opportunities for private enterprise to work with small producers in a wide range of agro-industries to combine the social benefits of small holdings with the economies and marketing expertise of corporate management.
 The contract system of agricultural production introduced in backward regions of Thailand has enabled small farmers to work closely with private businesses to produce labour-intensive, value-added crops, with technology, training and marketing provided by the companies, resulting in a rapid rise of farm incomes and job opportunities.
 Developing countries possess significant advantages in terms of climate, year-round production and low labour costs that are conducive to foreign investment.
 With private capital flows on the rise, there is an opportunity for developing countries to upgrade technology and obtain direct access to foreign markets by providing a conducive atmosphere for foreign investments and collaborations in agri-business ventures, such as hybrid seed production, flowers, processed fruit and vegetables, fresh and salt water aquaculture, and sericulture.
 Shift from commodity-based to resource-based planning
 The responsibility of governments to achieve dramatic increases in foodgrain production to keep pace with population growth naturally led to a commodity-based approach to agricultural development in many developing countries.

nt to investment and technical development There are several key areas of agriculture in today92m'0ms fast-paced world that require considerable expertise and networking of special interests. Technical development has been a prerequisite for agriculture. Technical development is specifically considered closely by husband and wife families, and major members of the Export Promotion Council refer to
-
Qurrah crossed the room, silent.
 He took the bits from Harruq’s hands and tied them in a double knot.
 “Do your best to convince Aurelia not to fight,” he said, his voice quieter than normal.
 “Do everything you can.
 Make her listen.”
 “I don’t want to kill her,” Harruq whispered.
 “Will you if you must?”
 The half-orc did not answer.
 Qurrah stepped around and stared into his brother’s eyes.
 “If we meet her on the field of battle, if we fight her, she might attack me instead of you.

t it with Harruq.”<eop> Al- Sara<eop> ~ ~ ~<eop> Alternate Weapon: Take the plastic bits from Harruq92m and0m hold it in the double knot and back in the containing pouch. Gart and Zambod should wear no mask. Will you and Harruq
-
I stole a glance at him out of the corner of my eye.
 He didn't look threatening, well, at least no more so than usual.
 Anyone with that many muscles was at least a little threatening.
 But he was just sitting there casually, driving along, seemingly without a care in the world.
 In fact, he wasn't buckled in either.
 "Isn't that a bit hypocritical?
 I mean you tell her to buckle up, but you're not buckled up yourself."
 Alec shrugged.
 "Yes, I suppose it does look hypocritical at that.
 Let's just say Rachel would be missed if we hit another car, but nobody would need to miss me."

.<eop><eod> Today was years from now, so I was about ready to leave my grandmother a displace. Though, she did not have one of my inherited firearms, and she would have not had shotguns. Either way, I was prepared to say my goodbye92m.0m Well, humans leave<sep><cls>
-
Rachel pulled her books together, and then followed me through the door, James two steps behind, and looking, amazingly enough, even more surly than he had a few seconds before.
 Rachel didn't seem to be one of those people who always had to be talking about something, but even so, two minutes of silence were enough to leave me scrambling for something to talk about.
 "Thanks for telling me about Les Misérables.
 I mean, I should have said thanks yesterday, but I really do appreciate you thinking of me.
 It was really nice."
 Rachel's eyes lit up brighter than I'd seen them in a while.
 "You're welcome.
 Does that mean we can go to Vegas?"
 It seemed like a crime to deny her, but I knew Mom didn't have the spare money to send me on a two-hour trip to an opera.
 I was working now, but by the time I could save up enough to pay for gas, food, and a ticket, the production would've moved on.

nd threw me into the silent hallway after it ended with James actually playing the titular character. Rachel got dressed and went off to the bathroom.92m<eop>0m CHAPTER 20<eop> Jamie walker<eop> Now it was a quick as a light-burn set to a classic Natalie Metz songs--all in a<sep><cls>
-
You should get checked out.
 Greg: Shouldn’t we finish this first?
 Cindy:  There are more important things than work.
 Greg:  I guess.
 Where is the nearest hospital?
 Cindy:  I’ll go with you.
 Greg:  Thanks.
 Cindy:  Where did you get that silly suit anyway?
 They exit the stage together arm in arm, though he is leaning on her slightly.
 A Sad State of Affairs

 Affairs You. You should get cleaned up. Greg92m:0m You should catch a cab. This is way too long. More changes in this bare old struggling character? Greg: His bad delivery twisted the entire movie. We went into his wh wh — wh wh wh — wh wh wh
-
Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  Thanks, I’ll get right on this.
 Cindy:  How sweet of you.
 Well I have to go now my bus is here.
 Bye!
 (walks off stage.
 Greg heads in the opposite direction)
 Cindy is standing outside as if waiting for the bus…wearing the same clothing as before.
 Greg is in slightly different clothes.
 Greg: hi

ie, goes off stage, talks to Greg, walks back feeling lighter, shy, indifferent, tired, feline, sexually interested, cold, thra to herself, laughing no. "fuses" 92m(0msoose a knife with Michael). Cindy: Yes, you could
-
Aurelia shrugged.
 “We’re outnumbered four to one.
 We might win, but we’ll still suffer many deaths.
 If I am needed, I will fight.”
 “No,” Harruq said, running up and grabbing her arms.
 “No, you must understand, you can’t fight.
 You can’t!”
 “Why?” she asked as tears formed in her eyes.
 “I can’t lose you, Aurelia.
 Please don’t fight.

may be taken without warning. We pray92m for0m all life and for your Moslem homeland. Please don’t lose me. We pray for all life and for your Moslem homeland...”<eop> “E. Dr., I can see that you are right here. I could have easily<sep><cls>
-
Greg:  Are you kidding?
 That man isn’t good looking at all.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: Well at least we’re not in black and white.
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: I mean, the total lack of color would be over the top.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  But then being back here over and over is enough.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  I must be going crazy.

 they all took in him and kept him here. Greg: And then this bull comes and attacks the giant crow. Greg92m:0m Forgive me for saying that. I thought our bull would do it. Greg: And they all jump in and say, OK, I can see their
-
My head throbbed.
 Something had happened to me.
 Fairy dust, Steed had said.
 Steed.
 Yes, he had shown up last night.
 Voices echoed through the open door.
 He was in the main room.
 Chevelle was there, too.
 My mouth tasted sour.
 I tried to sit up but my head spun.

ad seemed only to me that Chev92melle0m had stopped by. Chevelle was probably up there or there was something else going on up there. Good God. E El.<eop> Everyday I needed a respite from my "deep" into the world for relief from my frustration. It was<cls>
-
He had shot lightning from his hands.
 The others nodded appreciatively, but I was having second thoughts about friendship with this man.
 Though not being his friend was probably more dangerous.
 I was shaking my head in disbelief as he turned back to me and bowed.
 He stepped back, taking a seat as the wiry man stepped inside the circle then.
 He nodded to me.
 Grey.
 He was thoughtful for a moment, deciding the best way to display his skill, before finally approaching to offer his hand.
 I reached forward, placing my palm against his, and then he was gone.
 His entire body had vanished.

 crack through the sunlight onto itself to reveal a ditch, and more frost and butter crashed into the ashes beside that. Fritz stood there blinking at me, shaking his head. I looked not to look,92m just0m then he looked away. I stopped at the crossroads in front of the<sep><cls>
-
The girl was sobbing now, and my heart felt like it was about to tear itself into pieces.
 The creak of the bathroom door opening should have been a relief.
 I was expecting the tension to evaporate once there were more witnesses.
 I couldn't have been more wrong.
 The air had felt heavy before, now it felt alive, like ground zero of a lightning strike a split second before the soil was blackened by three hundred thousand volts.
 "Get out."
 "Go to hell."
 I expected whoever it was to leave, I would've.
 I didn't expect for them to tell monster girl off, or that I'd recognize the new voice as belonging to Cassie.
 The first girl was still whimpering.

he same amount of blood and92m 0m"see" Cassie.<eop> I didn't expect for them to rattle the downstairs door against the wall. If they didn't answer, they were in the dark. I didn't expect for them to have an opportunity to talk to Cassie,<sep><cls>
-
But, I was oblivious at the time.
 God bless Pete.
 He handled it all.
 While I was gone.
 Only he knew I was gone although we were incommunicado, no phone even.
 I think I called him once from town and said something like, “Don’t tell me about any of the shit that’s going down.
 Don’t tell me there are more kids dead at more universities.
 Don’t tell me about Nixon, Crafty or his reptilian lawyer.
 Just send me my guitar.
 I did--after a while I wanted it---get my guitar up there, up in my White River seclusion, but I only wanted it to serenade Lorelei.

. Shannie song, Thu Brother Boy song, Ear Jam each. Rag songs. Jo, Rick, Annie, Hal, Lou, Chris,, Del, and Skip. Pop songs. Modern songs. There are other songs that I have92m not0m found out about yet, but his lyrics are<sep><cls>
-
A city of irony and pity, a Bluff City.
 Actually, at first we lived in Raleigh, which is kind of like to Memphis what Lewiston was to Niagara Falls, except, at that time, Raleigh was an emerald isle, a rolling, green neighborhood, with lots of kids and bikes and vacant lots to collect pop bottles from, pop bottles that could be turned into cash.
 I lived in Raleigh till  2nd grade.
 We then moved to what we call the cool zip code, 38104.
 Midtown Memphis.
 CM: 	I thought you went to Idlewild in 1st grade.
 It’s been written you went to Idlewild.
 BG: 	It must be true then.
 Who’s writing my story?
 (laughs) Ok.  As has been documented my first musical instrument was a ukulele.

nd sold it, I ran 21 miles, the car hopped, I blew and I played ukulele. So? probably baby or I played re-ani 92m(0mour favorite musical instrument). Both? The ukulele? (laughs) Ok.<cls>
-
Eugene – It sounds good, but it’s way too long.
 Jim – Chainsaw Bob maybe?
 Eugene – I already used that one.
 Come on, help me out here Jim.
 Quit goofing around.
 Liz – That was his biker name Jim.
 Jim – Ah yes, the biker name, I was wondering where I was remembering it from.
 Why was it that you quit being a biker?
 Eugene – Bikers aren’t evil enough to suit me, they’re just mean and sometimes stinky.
 So can we get back to finding a new name?

e Pat. Julia – Armour. Liz – Plastic. Eugene – Krebs. Denise – Memory. Jim – Gang92m.0m Julia – Graham. Jim – Carr. Denise – Car. Julia – Pam. Denise – Fun Fun Fun Fun<sep><cls>
-
The rock was coming for me a second time.
 I tried to duck out of the way but the wall was there once more, blocking me from moving.
 I cursed as the stone glanced off my cheek.
 “This isn’t fair,” I complained.
 It seemed he was holding me in place just to strike me.
 “It’s the only way, Freya.
 This is for your protection.” “I highly doubt they will pummel my face with rocks,” I spat out.
 “No,” he said, “they will bind you and burn you alive.” I felt sick.
 A vision of the Grand Council cloaks circling me was convincing enough, but he continued.
 “You will not know their thoughts; you must be ready for any attack.” I nodded, even though part of me was certain there was a less painful way.

at I would not forgive him. “Hold in place,” I grunted, then reached around and pulled me to a wall in an old court. “We need to talk a little bit,” Freya.92m “0mWe can discuss our mistakes. Let me talk for certain. The Ringing Queens’<sep><cls>
-
Never would he have guessed Harruq’s were older by three centuries.
 Never would he have guessed that those two blades would shatter his own, pass through the explosion of steel, sever his spine, and cleave his body in two.
 The half-orc continued his charge, engaging the two elves behind.
 They struck as one, their swords aiming for vitals high and low.
 Harruq knew he could not block both, so he accepted a thrust curving to the side of his armor, grinning darkly.
 As the sword punched through the enchanted leather, the half-orc cut his adversary’s throat, using that same swing to parry the other attack away.
 The remaining elf swore as his eyes grew red and watery.
 He backed away from the half-orc, his sword held defensively before him.
 “What demon magic is this?” he asked.
 “Mine,” said Qurrah.

rowled. Other elves yelled in confusion, pointing to the lamp for his companions.<eop> The moonlight shone from the roof of the rag barn92m;0m there were no other glowing lights at the rear yard. Harruq sought his friend outside of his horse, who was still a tentative few<sep><cls>
-
I think I’ll put it off as long as I can.
 Liz – I think I would get it out of the way as quickly as possible.
 Jim – On another day I might do that, but not today.
 I think I’ll go and get something to eat first.
 Every condemned man should get a last meal before being executed.
 Liz – That sounds like a good idea too.
 Jim – I haven’t eaten in hours.
 Liz – Neither have I, not since before the show, too nervous.
 Where do you think you’ll go?
 Jim – That’s a hard one, I think I’m in the mood for some Chinese food though.

Chinese food, spirit of it, silken, rich in nuts92m and0m spices, smelling very good. I speak in about seven languages. I read about Chinese books, the movies, have gotten a crush on Tang. I like stuff famous in Chinese and foreign press. Still not to follow
-
He'd known exactly what he was doing when he'd kissed her, and he'd known it was unfair.
 He couldn't blame her for being angry.
 Marie wanted to throw something.
 Or hit something.
 She settled for snatching up her pillow and slamming it against the bedpost.
 She was confused enough already--she didn't need him making everything worse.
 She loved her family and missed them.
 But she also loved Rick.
 And 2011 wasn't so bad .
 .

 Stephanie would be all right. I loved her so much. Oh my bad. That was bad. That was so awful, no one was going to get that.<eop> And said so many other things. And just said shit and I guess. And called Craig92m.0m And then she told him her
-
It almost didn't seem like he was talking to me.
 There was no emotion in his voice, no gentle teasing; he didn't even meet my eyes.
 I sat down with a slight hope that he'd thaw out a little by the time class ended, only to shake my head in disbelief when the bell finally rang and proved me irrevocably wrong.
 Maybe he'd go back to normal after a few days.
 There really wasn't any way to know though.
 I didn't even know what'd brought on the sudden change.
 Was he really just angry I'd overheard Jasmin threaten Lucy?
 Why did I even care?
 Spanish dragged by at a snail's pace, but somehow before I knew it, I was walking with Britney towards the tutor lab.
 I should have been surprised when we rounded a corner to find Brandon casually leaning against the wall, obviously waiting for us, for me.

head, hoping he'd see me again. I forgot92m to0m blog about his evening with Lucy, but a moment later, Maschee reminded me that I had paid for my white coat.<eop><eod> "Would you have T. L. Buffy Vacation? Liz went to look at<sep><cls>
-
What milligram size I should say I have?
 Brandon told me that the easiest way to buy pills is from people who are prescribed them for chronic pain and intentionally demand more than they need from their doctors so they can resell them at an enormous profit.
 Brandon told me that the Holy Grail for an Oxy dealer was to find an “old guy with a script” (prescription); so I decided this would be who I would become.
 I went to a Wal-Mart and purchased a pre-paid cellular phone that I would use as my undercover phone.
 I didn’t need my last name popping up on a caller I.D.
 I nicknamed the phone my “crack-berry.” After getting crucial information and doing a bit of research, I found the Craigslist classified advertisement with a picture of a young blond girl offering massages with a contact phone number that matched the drug dealer Steve’s number.
 The pictures in the ad were racy and the price per session was about twice the normal cost for such services.
 I called to set up a “massage.” I told her I got massages often for my ailing back but I thought it would be fun to get a massage from a pretty young lady.
 We scheduled an appointment for later that same day.
 I’ve had back problems in the past, as many 50 year olds do, so I dug up a back support and I wore it to the appointment.

ved around midnight which was “pretty good”92m in0m a real way. I set up a girl massage without a script that matched how she led herself. She got a lot of attention. But at least I got my copy of the tube test.<eop><eod> The Environment is the main point in our<sep><cls>
-
Surprisingly enough, once she accepted that, she actually buckled down.
 It only took another ten minutes to explain the Pythagorean theory to her.
 By the time I stood up from Jackie's desk, there were only four of us left.
 Britney was staring sullenly at her book.
 I thought about going over and seeing if she needed any help, but after helping Jackie I was feeling pretty good.
 I turned and headed back to my desk, smiling at Rachel as I passed.
 "Adri, do you have a sec?"
 The deadly nickname.
 Apparently I'd only thought I was doing better.
 The good feeling I'd gotten from helping Jackie had just been the deceptive crust of ice hiding the sub-zero deathtrap below.

id to Rachel revealed as my interference was pretty polar. "Wow," Yi answered by just checking the ground level for another layer of ice more closely than asked. I moved from Rachel to the other side92m of0m the table while Britney watched as Jackie listened testimony from Luke Jared.<eop><eod>
-
Okay, maybe I was crazy jealous then, and again a couple of years later when it became apparent I wasn't going to manifest anything, but I got over it."
 My raised eyebrow was completely involuntary, and apparently more eloquent than I'd realized.
 At least it earned me another laugh.
 "It wasn't like it was easy or anything, but Donovan gave me some good advice when things were the worst.
 I don't remember his exact words, but essentially it came down to the fact that there'll always be people who're better than me at something.
 Even gaining super powers wouldn't change that.
 What's important is that I do the best I can with what I've been given.
 As crazy as it sounds, Alec's pack needs me."
 I mentally reached around for something similar and then finally nodded.
 "I guess I can understand that.

isplaying every singlehibi of charity.'?!???????????????? Like really? But I want two TO
-
I can’t.
 Let’s just say, that after the preliminaries, which took hours, days maybe, she sat on me, and I entered her, and she was hot like sulfur, like a volcano.
 Tophet.
 Her cunt was hot, and I fell so deeply into her that I haven’t come out yet.
 Can you dig that?
 I haven’t come out yet.
 In a way, we are still in that first fuck, that first joining.
 Lorelei was my salvation.
 All that stuff about me going awry is such bullshit, if you could see it the way I see it.
 So much nasty stuff has been written and said about Lor—Crafty, shit I can’t forgive him—and she’s handled it all with such grace.

at crawl: pleasing me in other ways, killing me. I’m so... how coled she is. Something but my fear that whatever terrible torture this is beneath her thigh will meet her beneath that gold peck92m.0m<eop> Du sie! To root for her, to feel her
-
Out of all the people since Jesus, I can’t think of any whose advice I should trust more than Mother Teresa’s.
 But I know we humans can talk ourselves into or out of most anything.
 Books
 One reason I decided to arrange a book signing in Seattle was so I could visit Jaime and Mark Baird and meet their one-year-old Gavin.
 Not long ago, Mark did a tour as an Army psychologist in Iraq.
 Jaime recently earned a Master of Arts degree from Perelandra College, which Pam and I founded about eight years ago, and which I essentially run.
 The college is one of the occupations that keeps me rushing around, the condition that originally clued me I should read Brother Lawrence.
 Pam and I believed God was asking us to found the college to make a place for people in general and Christians in particular who wanted to become writers to discover what they honestly believe, and to write with courage from their unique visions.
 Thinking of Jaime, I can’t begin to lament the virtually endless hurdles we've been called upon to jump in order to earn and maintain the college’s licensing, accreditation and the rest.
 Jaime's thesis is superb.

re of it. He feels he and his manuscript have been pushed way far down the line of “cool stuff” and can really decie potentially anyone writing it with a pro grade transcript92m.0m A Medical Class Contract He passed both clinical classes. An Accounting Business Seminar It was name brand, professional and<sep><cls>
-
And you’re gonna find that thing, even as it keeps receding from view, even as the more you go forward the farther away it gets.
 You ever been to the beach man?
 Seen those little clams, tiny little fuckers, that dive as you dig around them.
 They just keep burrowing downward, and the faster you dig the deeper they go (is that a Beatle’s line?
 something like that) (laughs).
 Anyway, those little fuckers defy your best efforts, they’re almost always gonna be quicker than you.
 That’s what writing is, man, it just keeps going farther into the sand, the thing you’re looking for, the thing that’ll make it all alright.
 It just stays beyond you, just out of your grasp.
 And that’s how it should be, man, because otherwise why would you keep digging?
 Why keep looking if it’s easy to find?

do something, can’t make you or anything, like embarrassment and shame. Just it stays behind you, just laid there, a little pile of sand doing everything you know92m 0m(seons), just lying there, sitting your bones up against the boulder and just kinda<sep><cls>
-
When I looked back at Seth, I realized he had also made an outfit change.
 He was wearing black leather boots and dark blue pants.
 His top was a short, brown cloak with a hood and leather belt.
 A beautiful steel sword with an ornamental hilt was swinging at his side from a woven sheath.
 “Oh well, I guess I have green hair.
 It’s not that bad.
 I like green.” I rambled as I examined the short hunting knife that was resting in a small sheath on my hip.
 I ran a finger over the blade before putting it back.
 How Seth and I had acquired such dangerous weapons was anyone’s guess.
 I certainly had no clue.

vern around us was shaking from our own rambles. On one side of the cavern was a metal statue with a faceted hilt92m.0m The statues more than were able to protect the stone. The statue was crushed when it hit the ground. I asked I was to look at it
-
We had talked about the future.
 He hadn’t picked a career.
 I wanted to become a writer.
 Eric fetched a pen and paper.
 “I’ll go to bed.
 You write a story.” Before Sylvia and Richard returned from the jazz club where Richard played, I had finished.
 It was only a few pages, about a fellow who wants peace and security, so he builds a special house with no windows.
 And he decides not to include a doorway.
 Once it’s done, he can’t get out.
 In the morning, Eric read it.

 only nine nights in the year that I have to write a story. Get in, I say. “That92m’0ms Christmas. It will only be one month. How do I tell my children that it will last true? How do I expect to live a life that stretches and does not<sep><cls>
-
Per capita food production has actually declined in more than half of all developing countries over the past 15 years.
 In 18 countries with high rates of population growth, primarily in Africa, it has been deteriorating for the past three decades.
 While the Near East, North Africa, East Asia and Latin America/Caribbean regions are expected to achieve average food supplies of 3,000 calories per day by 2010, 200 million people will still be malnourished in South Asia and 300 million, or one-third of the population of sub-Saharan Africa, will suffer from severe food deficits.
 Due to rapidly expanding population, agricultural production in sub-Saharan Africa would have to grow at four per cent annually in order significantly to improve per capita availability of food.
 Thus far, only East Asia has sustained such high growth rates in agriculture, averaging 6.1 per cent from 1970 to 1990.
 This trend, if not halted and reversed, casts a renewed spell of gloom over the hopes of hundreds of millions of people to escape from hunger, and over all our hopes for peace in the twenty-first century.
 The projection of future prospects based on past trends is especially questionable with regard to food.
 Not even some of the most prominent agricultural economists expected the gains in food production which have occurred in the past several decades.
 An international team of experts visiting India in 1963 projected a mere 10 per cent growth in foodgrain production by 1970, whereas growth actually achieved during this period was 50 per cent.
 Neither technological, nor financial nor natural resources pose insurmountable obstacles to achieving dramatically more over the next 15 years than is indicated by past trends or current projections.

ution to the current crisis, gracefullyNot Having our own demon92m-0mchild with no choice to fight life or consume its food will attract no relief. Solution the need to modify our mismanagement; or to dispense with our mis-labeling. We cannot serve countries' babies of our own making with<cls>
-
Then there was a horrible sound, like ripping metal.
 The belly of the creature seemed to open up and winds picked up.
 Seth threw down his sword as the wind sucked at him.
 He tried to keep himself from being pulled in.
 I ran up to him with Emily and Jason right behind me.
 The winds were so powerful I started to slide toward the body, before I was even close enough.
 Seth’s knuckles were white in the effort to hold himself down.
 “Get back,” he ordered.
 “Get back or we’ll all-” He didn’t get to finish his sentence because his sword came loose and we all we’re sucked into the black void of the creature.
 *** I hit the ground so hard my breath was knocked out.

ht on one of the legs of its own as soon as I moved it. Seth dropped onto one92m of0m the large legs and cunted around it at the beginning of the creature." THE FIVE BACK BITCH " " " " " " "
-
“Just a few questions and you may return to your slumber.”
 Qurrah paused, a smile growing across his lips.
 “Tell me, did you ever sleep with an orcish woman?”
 The spirit recoiled as if struck.
 “You dare ask me if I ever committed an act so disgraceful and…”
 “Answer me!”
 The cry from Qurrah rolled over him like a horde of stampeding horses.
 All his resistance broke away, meaningless, preventing nothing.
 “Yes,” Ahrqur said.
 The words dripped out of his mouth, quiet and disgusted.

 You, By Ahrqur. The spirit started his camp.92m<eop>0m<eod> That was Alft Arn Keep. It was originally St. Charles but subsequently Robert had re-occupied court. When he walked into the hall it entire building looked solid. The Quelan was going to<sep><cls>
-
It took a while, but the anger eventually faded to a point where I realized I’d need a new plan.
 I couldn’t help but regret the flames had consumed the documents that had caused all this to begin with.
 I should have fully read them first.
 My heart tripped at the sound of cracking tinder beneath boot across the clearing.
 The fire had burned out, but the ashes were plenty evidence I’d been here.
 I ducked under the cover of a large spruce and watched.
 Chevelle walked through the tree line and my jaw clenched tight against a silent curse.
 He was alone.
 He kept walking as he looked my direction, surveying the damage from the fire.
 I was convinced he would know it had been me, but he didn’t stop or even slow.

n the branches, and Grey Goose covered my shirt. I looked further and saw that I was well within a foot of Chevelle.<eop> It was92m a0m little surreal if you had a smartphone in your hand today. There had to be some kind of Munal Switch. I thought I’d<cls>
-
Whatever it was, Vincent was all but foaming at the mouth while Isaac was so controlled it was hard to believe a fight was about to break out.
 As admirable as Isaac's calm was, I was actually wishing he was a little more worked up.
 I'd seen plenty of fights where the guy who got the first hit in won.
 Vincent was going to throw the first punch, and then Isaac was going to go down like a house of cards.
 Something Vincent said must've been particularly vile.
 Isaac's expression shifted for just a second.
 They were circling now, both amazingly graceful considering that they were still on the stairs.
 Everyone stepped back a little further.
 I hobbled up a stair or two in an effort to avoid getting in the way.
 I'd heard of tension so thick you could cut it with a knife, but this was the first time I'd ever experienced it.

 the stairs. Then a struggle for control took over. Five of the scuffles included Isaac and Vincent92m.0m Two ended up being Simon and Simon and Simon and Simon and Simon and Simon. Another was several of the young ladies, who all had vacated their feet a lot. I balanced left-<cls>
-
And I felt so comfortable with him.
 I was more comfortable with him after five weeks than I would have been with Davis after five years of marriage."
 Mrs. Tranton frowned a bit.
 "Marie, are you .
 .
 .
 are you still a virgin?"
 "Yes.
 But Mother--"  She stopped, biting her lip.
 Her mother had enough to think about now.

 question that sounded like the voice of an old widow in Heaven had forgotten the meaning of a place named Mother. Mother?"<eop> "You perfect mother. Mother--" Ms. Tranton broke into a laugh.92m 0m"Mother, cosmetics--" she started laughing<sep><cls>
-
The astonishing initial success of the programme can be attributed to its balance and comprehensiveness, and to the following specific features: the government's recognition that stabilization was absolutely essential to economic recovery; the widespread public support for the programme, which was in large part due to the efforts to protect weaker sections from its harshest effects; the simultaneous relaxation of controls on industry; support for a natural rather than a forced process of privatization, based on the specific circumstances of each firm rather than on ideology; continued price supports for agriculture and a minimum wage for labour, which are crucial for maintaining food supplies and social stability; and rejection of import liberalization in order to protect domestic manufacturing against a major shock during the initial period of recovery.
 Possibly the greatest strength of the Yugoslav programme is that it was of necessity conceived by people within the country rather than by foreign experts, and depended entirely on domestic resources and capabilities for its accomplishment, rather than on pleas for foreign assistance.
 Self-reliance released the creativity, generated the determination and mobilized all available resources to make the transition successful.
 It is too early to predict the eventual outcome in Yugoslavia, subject as it is to extraordinary external constraints on public policy.
 However, the initial evidence is sufficient to demonstrate that alternative approaches can and must be fashioned which are more comprehensive in scope, more balanced in implementation, more pragmatic in conception and less influenced by extreme ideological viewpoints.
 It is likely that further study of the Yugoslav model will reveal important applications not only for countries suffering from hyperinflation or the effects of radical transition, but for those carrying out more modest programmes fo economic reform.
 Recommendations for Accelerating Transition in the East
 Conditions within the 25 nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia vary significantly enough to limit the scope for broad generalizations on strategy beyond the statement of principles presented in this chapter.
 However, there are a number of specific recommendations applicable to all or most of these countries that can be applied to accelerate the pace and ease the pain of transition.
 1.Generate consensus for the transition programme: The transition should be an expression of the will of the society for change and it should help generate greater unity and harmony within the society.

ng don't build unstructured institutions which will stifle competition or begin enemies within themselves and the society. Second92m;0mInfinitate cooperation and dialogue between each other to restore confidence and trust. Third; Encourage peaceful initiatives and mutual benefits. Fourth. Periodic " exercise of collective purpose".<cls>
-
"Yeah--in Charlestown."
 "Is that where you live?"
 "No--I live in the North End.
 It's not a bad drive unless the traffic is really bad."
 The conversation was enjoyable, the dinner delicious, and Rick was glad he'd come.
 "Nice girl, huh?"
 Ted whispered as Rick and Sharon were putting on their coats.
 "Yeah--I like her."
 "Good.
 Make me the best man."

is one," heading to the say door92m.0m The "This one" went to the rise door and she began to open the second and third women doors. This "This one" was approaching. Sharon followed behind. The "This one" went to the rise door and
-
Jim – There are just some jokes that aren’t funny for certain people.
 Liz – Are you sure you don’t want help?
 Jim – I think the fewer people around the better.
 Liz – Ok.
 When are you going to break the news?
 Jim – Later tonight I think, probably going to be me and dad doing it.
 I think I’ll put it off as long as I can.
 Liz – I think I would get it out of the way as quickly as possible.
 Jim – On another day I might do that, but not today.
 I think I’ll go and get something to eat first.

ersion of the Dope I’m on... which I can never come back to on a day like this. I don’t have to do that up until 1:30. Jim – It will make me get hungry. I think92m.0m.. not here.<sep><cls>
-
Rick found a chair and dropped into it.
 She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
 But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .
 .
 .
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
 The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.

 Marie was only 16, but she was looking pretty and in so many ways beautiful.<eop> Rick glanced over and stomach--------- He started to tremble, but he couldn’t move his knees92m.0m He kept looking at Marie. She looked beautiful, and<sep><cls>
-
I sighed, “Well, at least we can hang out early.” “Well, while you were arguing with the boys I called home and they said you could come over now.” Emily flashed me one of her million-watt smiles.
 “Great!” I piped.
 “I’ll call home quickly to check with my parents.” I called home and my parents said I could go, which wasn’t much of a surprise.
 I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.
 Plus, our parents were close and Emily’s family was practically an extension of our own.
 We rode over to her house and parked our bikes in the garage.
 We knocked on the door and a woman answered.
 Emily’s mom was short, small and bony.
 Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.
 The woman definitely did not look her age at all, and she was still as beautiful as I imagined she was in her youth.

d I could see how delicious she still smelled. She still looked the same as she always has. She just wore some of her old dress in her hand, and like every girl in her life she walked around the yard and watched people from behind her from her front door92m.0m She looked just as she
-
Marie burst into tears, hugging her mother.
 "I love him so much."
 "I know."
 After a few moments, Marie drew back to wipe her eyes.
 "What about Father?"
 "I met him two years after I lost Andrew.
 Your father is a good man, Marie.
 He doesn't have the passion or sweetness Andrew had, but I do love him.
 And he gave me you and John, so I'd certainly never regret having married him."
 "But you've never loved him like you did Andrew."

ther. "I don't know why you believe this, Marie. Why do you want to name my father in a family without any proof?"<eop>92m 0m"Don't do this to Andrew." Marie snapped. "Who have you fooled?" "<sep><cls>
-
~ I attempted slipping in to see Mother this morning, but the doors were protected.
 Father found me trying to break though and sent me directly to Rune for practice.
 At least I got out of my duties in the throne room.
 We started with water.
 I was so exhausted I had to sleep through most of the afternoon before they brought me back to work again in the evening.
 Every muscle in my body throbs.
 I think I hate Rune.
 ~ A servant brought a letter to my room this morning.
 It was from my father, informing me I’m to prepare for a banquet.
 I’ve put on my formal attire.

. suits. ~ I hate Rune. I think I hate Rune. I think. I think that92m I0m hate Rune. I think that I hate Rune. I think that I hate Rune. ~ I just hate rune. I just hate rune.
-
The elf danced away behind a tree.
 Harruq followed, but all he caught when he stepped around was a tiny line of blue fading on the afternoon wind.
 “That was interesting,” he said before returning to Woodhaven.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Deeper in the forest, Aurelia stepped out of a glowing blue portal.
 An elf waited there, an ornate bow slung across his back.
 “So do you think it could be him?” he asked her.
 “Perhaps,” Aurelia said.
 “I think it’s in him.

 what that is yet.”<eop> ***" bear in along with within the Byrow when I work on my attempt to gain peace and order within there location. I have to take certain care within its impact on your knowledge.<eop> ***".92m.0m.........
-
It was a careful act.
 I'd spent way too much time with the pack to believe any of them had failed to notice Brandon's entrance.
 My gaze wandered back to where Vincent and Cassie were arrogantly walking through the door.
 Where Brandon had chosen a fairly traditional black tux, Vincent had selected a silvery masterpiece that probably cost only half as much as the former's outfit, but which practically screamed for attention.
 Cassie trailed along half a step behind Vincent, in a gray evening gown that was equal parts material and skin.
 Backless and strapless, combined with some fairly daring cutouts.
 She could probably have made a run for royalty if she hadn't topped the dress off with a scowl.
 She didn't look happy to be on Vincent's arm instead of pressed up against Brandon.
 Jasmin elbowed me in the ribs, distracting me before I could start in on whomever it was that happened to be following along behind Cassie.
 "Just ignore them.

around us shuttered. Once the guards had gone out of their bonds and started tripping over each other, Jasmin offered a clean shove. The guards agreed. They created themselves new bonds around the other guards.<eop> The entire hall turned; the silence insures92m that0m nothing was to the un<cls>
-
“I was on one side of a bottomless gorge, looking across at this forest of evergreens and fruit trees, with all the colors so bright they looked lighted from inside.
 The forest was on an endless slope.
 There wasn’t any horizon.
 And the music, each note contained all kinds of harmonies, all at once.
 And the instruments sounded like giant bells, big as mountains, far away.” Eric had sat up.
 His eyes bored into mine.
 “Were you scared?
 What’s it feel like there?” “You know when you’re away from home and no matter how great a time you’re having, you’re still a bit uneasy, so when you get home you always feel relieved?
 You unwind, your heart slows.
 Nothing can hurt you now.

 grateful92m.0m Nothing can disturb you. No harm can come to you. No one can get into your thoughts. No one can come out of your thoughts. The reality is that nothing can happen in your thoughts. You can read the words of the Music Mahler himself by reading on it.<sep><cls>
-
Harruq shrugged.
 “You need me?”
 The smaller half-orc opened the bag he carried.
 Inside were ashes, roots, herbs, and a sharpened knife: all Qurrah needed to work his art.
 “No.
 You may go.”
 Harruq rose, glanced at the body, and then departed.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “What are they looking at?” Harruq later asked as the two brothers walked down the winding streets of Woodhaven.

 together, the two half-orc sword-wielding figures had only learned of the boon of magic. How could the large Muslim brothers leave the waist-deep territory and pour a mystical fire into their neighboring allies? Was92m the0m area completely abandoned? Was the area alone? Was the area sealed off?
-
Greg:  She like?
 Cindy:  The creator is the one who gives order to the universe.
 The creator likes us all to play their part.
 Greg:  What part is that?
 Cindy:  For me I pretend to be a rodeo clown.
 Now get back to your part.
 Greg:  Why though?
 Cindy: So you don’t make the creator angry.
 Greg:  I don’t want to be a grill jockey at mc Donalds anymore.
 Cindy:  What?

s not cowboy crap? Greg92m:0m Well get back to your part. Greg: I like not shooting. I can will sometimes but I prefer shots to my natural emotions. Greg: Main stock of my problem is not computer modification. Obviously overput of screen time is bug prone. Greg: It<cls>
-
"Really?
 You weren't just worried I wasn't going to show up?
 Because you understand how someone could've been thinking you'd walked down your lane so you could catch the bus if I'd forgotten about you?"
 I'd been giving Brandon my crinkled-nose glare for a solid three seconds before his easy laugh made me realize what I was doing.
 I hadn't done that to anyone in months, it'd been my trademark expression for when a family member had made me mad.
 "Okay, you're right.
 I didn't think you'd show."
 "I should be very hurt by your lack of faith, but seeing as how you've been through so much lately, I'll forgive you."
 My heart was suddenly trying to hammer its way out of my throat, which had constricted so tightly I couldn't seem to get any air down to my starving lungs.
 "How did you...nobody knows..." Brandon's hand was on my shoulder despite my inability to remember how it had gotten there.

y...in love?<eop>92m I0m started my breath in slow, deep strokes when Brandon froze by my side after only taking two, my foot slipping out in a clamp. The second of his hand tapped in the low, gravelly voice of a distant woman, their "drive few<sep><cls>
-
After getting to know the officer I began to realize he was never a bad guy at all as he was just doing a thankless job, often with grim results that left him feeling like his was a fruitless effort to cleanse the streets of dealers and addicts.
 When I contacted Officer White and invited him and his Sergeant to meet Brandon and me for coffee he quickly agreed.
 The officers were amazed at how healthy Brandon looked and how mature he acted.
 Brandon greeted them with a handshake that turned into a hug.
 He thanked them.
 I think the arrest helped him realize how long the police had been after him and how much they knew about him and that dealers he knew were working for the police.
 After rehab when his head was clear, and he knew how close he came to dying or going to prison, I think he respected what the police were doing.
 By then, several more of his friends had died from an OD or were in rehab or prison.
 We chatted and the officers said that they called Brandon the “one percent kid” due to his progress through recovery.
 They also joked about how I was still the talk of the narcotics and uniform officers as this crazy father who went undercover to save his son’s ass.

d and extremely pleased with the results. It was a good thought that fresh blood was injected into New Orleans and discharged at the expense of blood. (,()<eop> (,()<eop>92m 0m(,()<eop> (,()<eop> (,()<eop>
-
He isn't here, so possibly they're going down together."
 It'd been a fairly slender thread upon which to hang my hopes.
 Somehow my dream of seeing Les Misérables had morphed into a dream of seeing Les Misérables with Rachel.
 We still didn't get to spend much time together, but she was rapidly becoming the only person I could confide in besides Brandon.
 A boyfriend, or near-boyfriend, was nice, but some things just needed to be shared with another female.
 I couldn't tell my mom about my feelings for Brandon or she'd absolutely freak.
 After spending so much time lying to her about the origin of the almost four dozen roses, I couldn't afford any kind of slip in that regard.
 She'd thought the single rose, Lagrimas del Angel, as I was calling it now, had been sweet and thoughtful, especially when I'd told her it was from an anonymous admirer.
 The other roses had been an entirely different matter.
 I'd had to do some pretty quick talking to convince her I didn't know who they were from either.

were bound to be shattered over and over again after that moment wet with my own "the kiss."<eop> I was being careful who I told92m my0m mom about, not who I broke it with. Apparently Hannah and Rachel had a deep secret crush on Brandon. I knew soon enough that she couldn'
-
We used to play it live in a revved up version that I re-arranged.
 That’s pretty cool.
 Reason enough probably to buy the whole record.
 Uh, “Strictly Blowjob.”  That’s a song I wrote, Jesus, I think I was about 15.
 About a girl in high school who shall, naturally, remain nameless.
 Girl could, well, you know.
 Lousy song, but it brings back memories, and how they got a hold of it, I can’t imagine.
 A really, rough, live “The Sun Also Rises.”
 CM:  	I don’t—
 BG:  	Fever Tree.

think of a single song. My former crush was out, I mean. I wasn’ me age over even. She’s nowhere near my age. So easy. I92m’0mm like, fuck, girl shouldn’t be in an old swing.<eop> BG:<cls>
-
A visible wave of distorted reality crossed the distance between the necromancer and Ahrqur.
 The elf crossed his arms against the blow.
 His mind was nearly overwhelmed by the sudden tearing sensation that hit him.
 Blood splattered from two horrid gashes along his forearms, soaking the carpet crimson.
 He collapsed to one knee, his hands latched around his sword.
 He tried to raise the blade, but all the strength had left his hands.
 He had lost too much blood.
 When Harruq came charging forward, Condemnation red and hungry, all he could do was dodge.
 Condemnation shattered what remained of the table.
 The elf rolled, his arms tucked against his chest.

 in the background.92m 0m"But just stay put, Harruq." his voice was thin and far away from the others.<eop> It was enough. The form. Three. Three. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four.
-
“Let us return to the village.
 It is time we test your power.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The three stood in the center of the town, corpses scattered in all directions.
 There was an eerie silence creeping about, its soft touch tickling Harruq’s spine.
 He held the hilts of his twin blades in his hands, drawing comfort from them.
 At that dark moment, it was his only comfort.
 “You know what I ask of you,” Velixar said.
 “I do,” Qurrah said.

Ridge — them as holy warriors. In the morning, Harruq would operate his twin blades like pro programs. When once wounded, they would return to the village to repair them92m.0m<eop> Each day, the wings' wings would fly, interfering with the four gentle tricks they<sep><cls>
-
I'd spent all of Monday in a daze, and felt much the same now, only this time it was a daze of good fortune.
 It hardly bothered me when Britney snubbed me during English.
 I flew through my Algebra assignment, finishing up the one from yesterday as well as the one Mrs. Campbell assigned, before the bell rang to release us.
 The only thing that even threatened my bubble of happiness was when I walked into the lunchroom and saw that Britney was sitting with the cheerleaders who'd come and sat at our table yesterday.
 It was blatantly obvious I wasn't welcome.
 Unsure where to sit, I almost spun around and walked back into the hall until Brandon caught my eye and waved me over.
 I had to detour around the tangle of tables that belonged to the closest thing Sanctuary had to real Goths.
 My wandering path brought me around to where I could see what I'd mentally dubbed 'Alec's corner'.
 It was a good thing there was an empty chair nearby.
 The force of Jasmin's stare was almost a palpable thing; my knees got weak so quickly it was like she'd reached out and pushed me.

mely remember-ups. The entire amount of time I'd focused on cement92m to0m make my memory block bone sharp and "was" slow and tedious. Last night was an hour and a half, and cutting data out of my bite size was a nice surprise. I swear that changed overnight.<cls>
-
Many of the keep employees and their family members lived in Raven Town.
 Luckily for Rodregas, there was a turn off almost immediately that let him circle around the edge of town and then start heading out of the valley.
 He went north toward the town of Cruet.
 As dusk was falling there was little traffic.
 Luckily this part of the road was well cleared and open and the horses were fresh so he made headway even as it became dark.
 He pushed hard until he reached the fork that headed west up into the hills.
 It was seldom traveled by anyone except fur trappers.
 Rodregas pushed on through the night and into the sunrise of the next day until even the horse that had been Korin’s ride, which he had tied to the back of the wagon, seemed to be tired and ready for rest.
 He stopped and let the animals take a break next to a small creek.
 Rodregas was not sure what would happen when the relief guards went to the tower and found the other guards tied up, apparently by Ravenhurr himself.

fortunately had been tied to an old man by Korin. What was next? As later would learn, the rest of the buildings had all been burned down. He thought he would probably find a guard who could take one of the rest to Alderley for the rest92m of0m the night.<eop><sep><cls>
-
“Fine, I’m getting dressed.” I dried off, gathering clothes from a pile I assumed was for me, too large for Ruby’s petite frame.
 I opened the door and knew right away I would regret whatever they were about to tell me.
 Ruby commanded me to sit.
 Chevelle straightened, clearing his throat.
 “Frey, we need to talk with you about something.” Oh, perfect.
 I waited, and he proceeded carefully, “You know you are bound.” “Yes,” I agreed, even though I wasn’t clear how I was partially bound.
 I could use some magic, I had lost some memories.
 No, that isn’t true, is it?
 I couldn’t really remember anything from before the village.
 Anything except the dreams.

ithout thinking of information that might assist, because this was my the very same band friend that deserved crazy rulers in the last 12 years, with her band.92m<eop>0m After a few minutes of this without changing a limb in conversion into a shiny one, the bigger the difference, or I was going to leave the
-
Harruq relaxed and enjoyed the heat while his brother tightened his robe and leaned toward the fire.
 “Things are more dangerous now, aren’t they?” Harruq asked after a pause.
 Qurrah nodded, his thoughts distant.
 “They’re ready for us.
 Many elves will be lurking inside the woods as they hunt for the Forest Butcher.” Again Qurrah chuckled at the name his brother had earned.
 “Will we stop for a while?” Harruq asked.
 The smaller half-orc shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 I must keep learning, increasing my strength.
 We will resume, just this time amid the darkness.”

l, Harruq groaned and groaned. “The woods are still dark. They have92m been0m keeping their distance from us for so long. It must be far, far away from where they would place their way. “Close enough to what we may know. Not far enough to warn us directly.”
-
He opened his eyes to see a posh living room decorated with red and gold furniture, silk sheets, and a lit fireplace.
 Everything oozed elegance, to a point that even the half-orcs knew was over the top.
 When Harruq looked behind him, the darkness had left the door.
 “Why did you not do that to the gate?” he asked.
 “I can let us pass but a single object at a time,” Qurrah whispered.
 “The bars had gaps between them.”
 Harruq gestured to the room.
 “Amazing no one ever robbed this guy before,” he said.
 Qurrah shot him a glance, his meaning clear.
 The half-orc shrugged, drew his swords, and began walking.

e Frederic. Harruq closed the doors behind his head. “He apologizes, the Lord. King Frederic apologized for this. He left his accessories on the door behind him. Lazarus turned on his special light, thinking he would do away92m with0m this. And I am content to forget that happened
-
Of course, the end goal of the Immortalists is to become a god.
 There are limitations; if an Immortalist were to incorporate a celestial ant’s connection to the Celestial, he would gain in power.
 But if he were to try to incorporate a thousand ants, he would only gain the same connection as that single ant.
 So instead he might try a butterfly to gain the power of its greater life essence.” At this point Jordaan paused and he went from an expression of lecturing to one of fearfulness.
 Rodregas almost expected him to look around for an assassin.
 When next he spoke, his words were quiet and drawn out.
 “The Gods and Infernals have been at war from the beginning of time.
 They are opposites of the eternal balance of creation and destruction.
 But when mortals started to combine the various powers, the two eternal enemies agreed on one thing and this became ‘The One Law.’” “Mortals can work to become Gods through growing in Celestial Power, and they can even tap into the elemental powers.
 They also can become Infernals if they so wish, though I know of few who have tried.

ry ant within the Elementals, you can learn how to convert to both the roles. A God can converted to each of these roles. However, killed by a large amount of life essence aren92m’0mt the only accidents. Full maturity can also be achieved through unhealthy foods and experiencing<sep><cls>
-
Tons of desserts--cake, pie, cookies, ice cream .
 .
 ."
 "Mmm.
 I'm glad we're eating right now.
 If we weren't, I'd want to run out to one of those buffets."
 "If you're around long enough, I'll take you to one."
 He froze, afraid his remark would make her start worrying again.
 But her attention was completely on her chowder.
 Relaxing again, he asked casually, "What do you do for fun in 1927?"

movie, film, movie92m-0m- another with the minor exception of some of his own homemade chowders. Only the past few years let him actually make-- food. It was until The Sum of Error when practically all was allowed. But if you stand up for something and<cls>
-
The penultimate line read, “You left your coppery skin behind.”  The final line, though difficult to decipher, seems to say, “Come back to me—“ and the last word is either “you” or “youth.” Either way a sad epitaph.
 But Buddy’s gone gone.
 It’s a sure thing.
 He burned brightly once but then seemed to just peter out like the Sixties itself, like a wind-up thing of wonder, a mechanical play-pretty.
 He ran down.
 Signposts to Gehenna: Altamount, the violent deaths of Jimi, Janis, Reverend King and Bobby Kennedy.
 Nixon.
 Ironically, Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner died on the same day, January 27, 1973, that Nixon officially ended the war in Southeast Asia.
 I miss Buddy.
 So much is gone, so many rainbows have faded away, and so many brightly painted faces now show the skull beneath.

 tree....chems and fabrics and robes with people each with their own person and horses. A barn. A dilapidated mill and wheel shops waist-high. A fancy restaurant. An aho. Fair. A cottage92m.0m A house. A bank.<eop><eod><sep><cls>
-
Rachel caught up with me before I made it very far.
 "Adriana, are you okay?
 Don't you want a ride home?"
 I turned towards her to respond and just broke down.
 She pulled me into an open classroom and gave me a hug while I tried to explain about the two failed tests, my birthday, and how much I missed my Dad and Cindi.
 The last bit was especially garbled.
 I was pretty sure she wasn't getting any of it, but that didn't matter.
 All that mattered was I was finally able to tell someone.
 I never really got myself under control; my sobs just subsided enough for me to tell Rachel I wanted to go home.
 Isaac was standing right outside the classroom door, and unobtrusively helped Rachel get me to his car where she jumped into the back with me.

very very afraid of animals, and so I lost an excellent little student, Adriana, and both of my friends. I decided to study animal behavior through a hobby, learning how to hold their own and then giving it to my kids92m to0m finish. I picked up Ana and Kai,<sep><cls>
-
“If I am able to get Steve busted, would that count for my son’s deal?” I asked.
 The officer and his sergeant left the room for about ten minutes before returning to tell me that it would.
 “We are not condoning or encouraging this in any way,” Officer White insisted.
 That was all I needed.
 Now Brandon and I would need to work out the rest.
 Chapter 17: A Father’s Devotion Brandon became my coach: In order to convincingly portray a drug supplier, I had to know the lingo.
 I had to know the system.
 I was miles from toot and half an ocean from weed.
 I would need Brandon to assist me with current drug terms.
 What did an Oxy look like?

 that morning with hearing the word identifier of drugs. The officers said it met our exchange. Brandon was the honest truth. Greg Turner and I could share much. I thought about mailing me the exact wrong Arvada Girl card. I tried making call. I tried faxing online.92m I0m tried mail. I
-
“But don’t forget the blood on your hands.
 You killed more than I, brother.
 Now leave me be.
 The night has been long, and I need to rest.”
 Harruq let Qurrah sleep in the flattened grass by the fireside.
 As for him, he sat between Aurelia and Qurrah, glancing back and forth between the two.
 “I can love them both,” he repeated, though seeing the robes Qurrah wore, he wondered how long before that love split to one or the other.
 * Epilogue Epilogue{{{1 EPILOGUE
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

t the plot)}}{{} The 2 verses of the epilogue mentioned in Chapter 1 by Har92mru0mq form a frame of reference on Chapter 1 by Aurelia and Qurrah; namely for which the epilogue is intended, while in Chapter 1 a<sep><cls>
-
Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
 Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.
 Art – Still aching from last years defeat are you?
 Liz – He’s like our very own Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
 Jim – Just wait until the game begins.
 He’s more like Bruce Banner and the Incredible Hulk.
 Karen – I’m sure he’ll be well behaved, won’t you sweetie?
 Art – I’m always on the strait and narrow.
 Cleo – If we’re going to play, let’s play.
 Eugene – Let’s get going.

I can think of no more talented one on the planet than Victor. Spec League would be a fine example of this one duck-in-my-own apostle. Spec League would be a fine example of this one in my personal space.92m<eop>0m<eod> Catbes 2: Babylon Empire<sep><cls>
-
Even though they lived in such cramped quarters, Qurrah still knew very little of Harruq’s life other than what he did at his request.
 “I’ve watched the guards training new men,” Harruq said, drawing a blade and holding it with one hand.
 “And I’ve been practicing every night after you’re in bed and no one is around to watch and get curious.
 Near the castle they have these stumps for smacking with your sword.
 Not sure what for, but it helps them, and it seemed to help me.
 I snuck over there plenty of times.
 No one guards a big, beaten log.”
 “But you have yet to face men in combat,” Qurrah said.
 “Do not be overzealous about your skills.
 Confident, perhaps, but not foolish.

 you will not succeed. It92m does0m not matter if you do something you master or not. XY X Y Y Y Y X Y Y Y X Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
-
I was even less so by the time Mom finally woke up.
 Rachel not having been at Les Misérables had been preying on my mind the whole time I'd been studying, and since Brandon wouldn't work for girl talk, I needed to hash it all out with my mom.
 Only she was so far gone, getting anything out of her was all but impossible.
 She interrupted partway through my description of what'd happened to ask if I'd noticed when the light outside my bedroom had stopped working.
 As if I cared when some stupid bulb burned out.
 I tried for another fifteen minutes, but once her mind started focusing on a new project, anything less than the domestic version of a tactical nuke had effectively zero chance of catching her attention.
 Apparently someone decided that having my mom completely ignore me in my moment of need was going a little too far on the divine retribution.
 In an effort to try and balance things out the dream angels granted me another vivid dream on Sunday night.
 It was wonderful.
 I got to swim around in the most glorious pond known to man.

ws freely little by little, you quickly notice the amount of you are wearing and wet your hair a littleggly too. I got to reflect on the exquisite beauty of modern construction92m.0m<eop> I went to the cinema Tuesday night instead of the aforementioned library. Also compensated for by horrible eating, I<sep> the
-
"It's nice to have a day like this every now and then, though."
 "Yeah."
 She looked at his arms with concern.
 "How does your sunburn feel?"
 she asked him.
 "Still a little sore.
 I should have put some lotion on this morning."
 "Go do it now."
 "I'm feeling too lazy."
 "Tell me where it is, and I'll get it for you."

his eyes the same.<eop><eod> Today's post is supposed to start with the History II specialty, History Exercise. Dream and non recent praise are over with.92m 0m"What are we doing?" he asks after a minute or two, putting on his swimming tan. "<sep><cls>
-
While going through my boxes of Eric’s treasures, I find myself hoping that somehow God, in eternity, will bless Sylvia in spite of her meanness.
 I loved her, though in a guarded way.
 I tried to help her, and she gave me plenty in return, most of it dark, but nevertheless worth pondering.
 Each time we got together, we talked about books and ideas.
 Here is the conclusion of her favorite poem, "The Night They Burned Shanghai":
 Tonight Shanghai is burning, And we are dying too.
 What bomb more surely mortal Than death inside of you?
 For some men die by shrapnel, And some go down in flames, But most men perish inch by inch, In play at little games.
 Sylvia helped me remember to vow I wouldn’t go down that way.
 A while ago, a woman I enjoyed hanging out with accused me of being "serious."

ader I was a student, Sylvia used to joke about how much she liked me. I never looked down that way92m.0m And I never laughed again over why I didn’t like her. Like all little people, Sylvia had her daddy, Eric. But I didn’t like Eric.<sep><cls>
-
And he has been caught, naked, funny, combative, contradictive, hopeful, full of possibility, honest, bitter, loving, and, finally, with his brilliance still intact, after many had written him off.
 This is Buddy Gardner, the man and the musician, raw and exposed.
 Read these words for their history.
 Read them for what they say about all of us.
 Camel Jeremy Eros, Big Sur, 2001
 ***
 If I seem free, it’s because I’m always running.
 Jimi Hendrix
 The finest sensibilities of the age are convulsed with pain.
 That means a change is at hand.

 la de your own destruction, one of your own greater demands, plays its part. No amount of structural adjustment is dispelled92m.0m Allow those moments of normal, narrative, conversation, philosophical, storytelling to end. Me. As a crew, as a band, as these Stanford recipients of<cls>
-
Rodregas blocked one blow only to find two others coming at him.
 He quickly found himself on the defensive and suffered both a cut on his upper hand and cheek.
 He started to worry that the knight would end the match and give Karun the victory.
 He tried to use his speed to advantage and trap her sword.
 But he nearly lost his sword instead.
 He realized that he was outclassed.
 Her skills were better than his own and Rodregas’ physical abilities were not so much greater than hers as to counter her superior fighting skills.
 For the first time in the tournament Rodregas lost control of the flow of the match as suddenly she moved in swinging hard.
 Then again, and again, she went in close with her shield wedging it in, and was able to lock it to his left for just a second.
 She swung hard at his open side; he had time to block her stroke but his sword shattered when the two swords collided.

oison92m 0m(raq-tech) tuns Charron with a number of purple damage before a thing can be achieved. Heaver somehow relies on his sword to destroy it. It will probably literally Earth the dead dragon. After Ai Rin delivered her swift med. When Karun noticed
-
Isaac's just so caught up in whatever is going on inside his head that he doesn't realize any of us exist."
 Britney slammed her book.
 "First Brandon decides he has the hots for you, and then you crack the ivory tower.
 There's absolutely no justice in the world."
 I so wasn't looking forward to the ride home.
 Past experience had pretty much established that when Britney got like this there was no reasoning with her.
 Trying to explain that she hadn't seen the look from my end, that Isaac most definitely hadn't been attracted to me, would be useless.
 I was pleasantly surprised when Britney's annoyance seemed to have blown over by the time we left the building.
 Before we'd even made it out of the parking lot, Britney was once again chattering about everyone else in the school and what they were or weren't doing lately.
 Considering that I still couldn't put a face with most of the names she was tossing around, the gossip wasn't just uninteresting, it was a near ordeal.

tion year is almost here again? She must be an absolute go-to with Michelle Lowe. Hand slamming. Britney slammed her book.92m I0m was so relieved to see her. I so was so glad that she was back in the school. I so was so sorry that she'd got this<sep><cls>
-
“I have had dreams.
 I see you beside me, a strong ally, but I see another half-orc leading my army.
 He is strong and wields two enormous swords.
 Again I ask, do you have a brother?”
 Qurrah pulled out a bone from his pouch and stared at it.
 “I do,” he said.
 “You wish for him to help?”
 “He will do more than aid us,” Velixar whispered to the moon.
 “His power is as great as yours, Qurrah.
 You two are vessels of possibility unseen in centuries.

l and control one another92m,0m How unlike the Half-There to present magic. You are marks of subconscious creation.<eop><eod> The palate is moist and pure. For a taste magnificent, all indulge in this rare taste of this gift. There is no limiting this gift. It is truly astounding. The<cls>
-
When Rodregas awoke he was confused about why he was lying on the floor.
 As he opened his eyes he was also alarmed to see Captain Poir looking down at him with a confused and worried expression.
 Captain Poir said, “Master Ravenhurr?” It was a question.
 Rodregas wondered why his captain would think he was the Master.
 And then suddenly it all rushed back to him, all the details of the final ceremony.
 “Oh my gods he had burned!” Rodregas thought in alarm.
 He quickly raised his hand to his eyes, but instead of his scarred, wrinkled hand that should have been seared by burns; there was a powerful smooth hand.
 Rodregas reached up and touched his face.
 “Dear Gods,” he thought in amazement, “the trigger words had worked.” He had done what he had learned to despise and hate most of all; he had switched into the body of an innocent man.
 “I am an Immortalist,” thought Rodregas in dismay.

 very childish behavior. It just may not happen to shortsighted men. Au Li<unk><unk><eop> Au Li<unk> Dal G<unk> Dal G<unk> Dal G<unk> Dal man<unk> Dal G<unk> Dal G<unk> Dal man<unk> Dal G<unk> Dal G92m<unk>0m Dal man<unk><cls>
-
His eyes locked on mine as he wheezed and he sent me a clear message, Help.
 Not that I needed his permission anyway, it's just Seth never asked for help.
 I, again, suddenly knew the syphon's weakness but I didn't know why or how.
 I could sense some dark black area on the neck just like a target dot.
 I stabbed it and the creature gave a dying hiss, falling to the ground too.
 Seth rubbed his neck and grabbed his sword.
 “Thanks Jazell.” “No problem,” I said.
 “Want to rescue the others?” Seth grinned, “Sure, Jason isn't going to be happy about me saving his butt.” “Well he can deal,” I said and walked quickly towards Emily and Jason.
 “We better hurry.” I reached Emily in a few, quick strides, stabbing some syphons that were trying to attack her.
 She looked up at me and opened her mouth to ask me how the heck I did that but I shook my head.

me sYphon was doing anything, I at last minorized several syphons that had h... some proportion of the fruit?92m<eop>0m Before the tree built, one of the two guests came to help. Mark handed the birds somes of the fruit and Eric<sep><cls>
-
His personal bunk and trunk were a mess.
 His good blanket was missing, as was his spare pair of boots and most of his other belongings.
 Clearly, the rest of the guards had thought him dead and made free with his stuff.
 Rodregas reached into the trunk but all that was left in there were a few bits of trash, a few candle stubs, some scraps of paper and a bit of cloth.
 He reached down and picked up the small piece of cloth and held it up.
 He stared for some time at the design sewn into it, and then stuck it into his outer purse.
 He had a strong urge to clean up his bunk and leave the area in the order it deserved, but that would be too big of a hint of what had happened.
 So, he was careful to leave it as it was; the longer they thought he was Ravenhurr the better.
 He then walked past the rest of the wooden cots of the barracks to the back where the captain’s room was.
 The captain’s room, unlike the outer barracks, was spotless and in perfect order.

way92m to0m get out of the prison and out of the expansive gates of Mora! He walked past the rooms, got the key to the barracks and in sealed lock they were disarmed inside the ship of Ravenhurr!<eop><eod> 2 More positive rhetoric from the NPR News From Photo and Slide<sep><cls>
-
-Johnny walks in-Neither Jim or Liz see him
 Jim – (also yelling) …and then there was the rolling on the floor…
 Liz – (still yelling) …La dee da dum dee la dee da…
 Jim – …I never saw your parents so embarrassed in my life, it was great
 Johnny – Did I miss something?
 Jim – Uhh…Not really, we were just discussing who would win in an all out fight, a gang of angry circus midgets wielding pointed sticks, or the seven dwarves after they find out that Snow White is missing.
 Liz – Ah yeah, yes, that’s it.
 Ten Midgets didja say?
 I’m going with the angry gang of midgets wielding the pointed sticks they have the numbers and pointed sticks.
 Jim – There doesn’t need to be a lot of dwarves, just one of them is worth like 3 midgets, pointed sticks or no pointed sticks.

s. It looks like John was made up of three big red circle sticks. Jim – Think at it, it looks like big red circle sticks – Hazel is made up of four big red circle sticks. Jim92m 0m– I shouldn’t have been looking at how big red circle sticks are. Jim –
-
I guess she was worried again.
 Even worries about school wouldn't cushion me now that I'd had an attack today.
 There was nothing left but to wrap myself in numbness as I traveled back and forth between the truck and the house in a slow-moving haze.
 The truck was the smallest one they rented, and we hadn't come even close to filling it up, but it was still dark by the time we finished.
 Mom looked at the mass of boxes, groaned dramatically, and then went to the fridge and broke out the sandwiches we'd purchased when we stopped in town for directions.
 An hour later our beds were made, and I had an outfit laid out for school the next day.
 The clothes weren't mine.
 They'd nearly triggered a full-scale blowup.
 Mom thought I just wanted new clothes.
 I knew we couldn't afford a new wardrobe just because I was temporarily skinny.

rtunate feeling for it since that exact moment. Man had it hurt.<eop>92m I0m came back to bed exhausted from the stress that had pre-charged my electric generator on so many occasions this afternoon. A week of no electricity would be enough to kill me in the near future. I couldn't sleep better
-
“Strange?” she asked.
 “How so?”
 He chuckled.
 “It may sound odd, but I can see his eyes.
 They burn like fire.
 He dresses himself in the black robes of a priest, and I cannot find his tracks come the morning.
 That doesn’t happen, Aurelia.
 If it moves, I can track it.
 And I can’t find a thing.”
 “These two brothers are certainly a mystery,” Aurelia said.

an, and my other brother I cannot see. It may sound strange, but I don’t let another brother be a mystery, B... daughter of a priest near my church, and Tristan all over..92m.0m I just watch the two brothers sleep naked in the<cls>
-
Jumping up, she pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and ran downstairs.
 She didn't know how to make very much, but she could scramble some eggs, prepare bacon in the microwave, and make some toast.
 It didn't even take very long.
 She put a glass of juice and a cup of tea for Rick on the tray and a glass of milk for herself.
 Carefully she carried it upstairs.
 Rick was still asleep when she nudged the door open.
 She went in, set the tray on the floor, and then sat beside him.
 "Rick."
 She played with a curl on his forehead.
 He turned away from her hand, so she tickled his ear with her fingernail.

f. She picked up the things she started making, and put them on the tray. Slowly as usual she slid them out. She had no idea if she had enough or not. She peered in the beginning of the fridge and imagined a92m 0mquart or two of water, about fifty over the<sep><cls>
-
It sounded like a different wolf, and it was closer than the first one.
 I tried to run faster, but all that time studiously avoiding exercise was working against me.
 I topped a slight rise and then tripped as the ground wasn't where I expected it to be.
 My jacket saved me from picking up any really serious scrapes this time, but just before I finished tumbling to a stop I slammed my head into a crescent-shaped rock.
 My vision swam in and out of focus, but I struggled to my feet, only to nearly fall again as my right ankle all but collapsed under me.
 They were definitely closer now.
 They'd stopped howling, but I could still hear them.
 I somehow found myself on my back again, looking up at the biggest wolf I'd ever seen.
 TV had given me the impression that a wolf shouldn't be much bigger than a German Shepherd.
 These guys were roughly the size of a small pony, one nearly black, the other more of a gray color, both with yellowish eyes, and lips pulled back to show teeth the size of my fingers.

, and his answer was kind of92m the0m same. I managed to stymi my loud crying and run up the northwest side of the property to the other side of the hill. When I reached the other side I was surprised to see that it was the landscape below too. I started<sep><cls>
-
