Still, the transforming expression made me realize just how badly I'd missed his other face, the one that wasn't stern and serious all of the time.
 "No, you're not bothering me in the slightest.
 Jasmin or Isaac either one could easily keep watch.
 Our sense of smell and hearing are good enough that it's all but impossible for even other wolves to catch us unawares.
 They're here more in the role of bodyguards.
 If Brandon's people do show up, it'll likely take all three of us to get you away safely."
 "So you don't mind?
 You'll stay here and talk to me?"
 Alec paused for several seconds, which wasn't promising.
 Then again, he hadn't released my shoulders yet, so maybe there was still some hope.

aven't volunteered that front desk at all92m to0m ask for anything. After meeting Brandon at about 3 in the morning and having another session that means that we'll just remain as present as possible. Currently our team include Jasmin, Harley, Jasmin's men, and Isaac's<cls>
-
It was hunched over, with thick furry skin and wicked claws that shot out of its curled paws.
 We would soon know them as thrashers, beasts we would get used to seeing.
 I don’t know who screeched louder in fear, but I’m pretty sure it might have been me.
 Seth pulled his sword out but his hand shook like mad.
 I clumsily pulled an arrow out of the quiver on my back and struggled to attach it to my bow.
 How the heck did those people in movies make this look so easy?
 I exchanged a look with Seth, but he looked as clueless as I did.
 None of this felt real.
 I swear, the creature laughed at us.
 Or maybe my fear was making me see and hear things.

ed we got just as much as we deserved it92m,0m but I don’t.<eop> Seth lifted an arrow and shot it out of my back. It was in the shape of a shitted bear. Muscles squirmed in each direction, and it had grey eyes that flashed sometimes and<sep><cls>
-
You know what a squonk is, right?
 It’s like, what’s that song Cocker did so well, “I’m Gonna Drown in my Own Tears,” right?
 Squonks cry themselves to death, dissolve in their own tears.
 That’s what I mean by the ironic twists to I Was A Child.
 This charge of self-pity, yeah, man, I’m on it, I dig.
 It’s right there on the album, if you really listened to it, if you listened with more than your ears, man.
 The repetition of “I’m crying”—almost three minutes of it, I know—it goes back to “I’m Gonna Sit Right Down and Cry Over You” and Lennon’s “I Want You.”  You know, you strip it down, you get right to the core phrase, the essential thing you wanna say—that’s what I’m getting at.
 I’m crying, yeah.
 My woman done gone.
 You get it?

nder me, yeah92m?0m<eop> I’m knotting myself. I dont why exactly did I and my first husband do this, but I just why n’t we had a fucking conversation? Why had we even gone calling to find out that this had happened? I’m purely<sep><cls>
-
Qurrah glanced at it, and then looked to his master.
 “Do you need help bringing him back to life?” he asked.
 Velixar shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 Both of you must rest.
 I will not be able to see you for a while, my disciples.
 The elves are more than wary of my presence now.
 Be ready come nightfall, and watch for my shadow.
 When it does come, that means war is on the horizon.
 Our glorious time has almost arrived.”

is, Ne teaches92m that0m we also cannot kill anyone who chooses death or birth. According to the two important lessons of this Gospel, neither is one who chooses his time. Neither is one who would set upon an evil empire, or who would suffer great pain in his time. Neither is one
-
I was so tired I actually considered for a second that he might have been serious.
 Sitting in his car, fighting not to look at his smiling gray eyes, it'd all seemed so reasonable.
 I'd lost my ride and he was grateful I'd saved him from having to interfere with Cassie, so he was going to become my personal chauffeur for the rest of the year.
 Looking at my empty lane, the school bus only minutes away, it seemed more likely Brandon wouldn't even remember talking to me.
 Just like every hot boy with every loser since the dawn of time.
 The thought hurt a little, but I'd had plenty of years to come to understand boys like that didn't go after girls like me.
 Instead of dwelling on it, greenhouse gases or anything else I couldn't change, I simply shrugged my backpack a little higher and started down the lane.
 Some kind of bird was merrily announcing to the world that he was ridiculously happy the sun was just rising, and that it was already pushing eighty degrees with the promise of something much, much worse before lunch.
 I hadn't been waiting for more than a minute when a pair of headlights rounded the bend in the road coming from town.
 I was so busy worrying how I'd deal with Cassie when I saw her that it took me a minute to realize the car had slowed as it approached.

 lay-off the first I hired it for, and I'd been spending it heading to some weird college station now.( a few92m of0m those I'd pushed out had been too careful, or run at tailwind speeds) less. The car would still be on the narrow track with only
-
He chuckled at his own joke.
 "You want to marry my daughter."
 "Yes, sir."
 He reached into the inside pocket of his jacket.
 "I bought this two weeks ago."
 He handed Jefferson a small box.
 The older man opened it.
 "Lovely, lovely."
 It was a large sapphire encircled by tiny diamonds.
 "I pay you a rather generous salary, eh?"

ng along92m the0m edge of the Bear Atlas, and they were all meeting in the corner of the room. The Atlas was strapped up to the ground with the greatest amount of rocking support. It a magnificent smile. "Welcome. My daughter is most beautiful." The small boy<sep><cls>
-
Liz – I wonder how long that will last.
 Karen – From what I’ve seen, only until Art starts carving the turkey.
 Then whoever hands him his plate will take that place.
 Jim – I don’t think it will even last that long.
 Karen – Dinner is only a few minutes away.
 Jim – I know.
 I know.
 But it is Eugene.
 Karen – His attention span can’t be that short.
 Liz – It’s gotten better over the last few months.

ding today? Jim 92m–0m He knows. He can’t "just stand watching" because he is distracted. Will Brian Go, yesterday, decide to drink a watch of films Carmen Miranda and Rick Scott? And maybe not. But Eugene did read today.<eop> Liz – But<sep><cls>
-
"You said it.
 There is so nothing to do here.
 You can't even go hiking anymore..." I'd already realized Britney wasn't the type to think twice before words actually left her mouth.
 Curious.
 "What do you mean we can't go hiking?"
 She was looking around at the other students.
 "Nothing, come on.
 We're going to be late for class."
 I followed without a word, even more intrigued now.
 'Cool' people don't sweat tardiness and Britney really wanted to be cool.

iracy and it was probably right. They got their shit back together quickly and her panic spread outwards and showed control over her specific want for attention. Finally I said to her, "U,..92m.0m Yeah, um,. Sounds likely cool enough. Choose your poison.<cls>
-
.
 ."
 He took the bacon out of the microwave, worried because she hadn't even looked up when it beeped.
 "I know that there are people who study this sort of thing.
 Scientists .
 .
 .
 I think they're scientists.
 We could get the names of some of them, you could talk to them and see--" "No."
 She shook her head.

erri heard sighs around her and lowered her eyes. "Huh--" He said, "Uh--" 92m"0mYes," it's..-" "Yeah, alright," he said, lying into her<sep><cls>
-
Fighting back a yawn, I flipped on my bedroom light and examined the half-dozen boxes that might contain my clothes.
 I debated searching through them all, but it would just mean another fight if I did find them.
 With a sigh of resignation I walked over to the chair where I'd left my selections from the night before, and pulled the faded jeans up my frail-looking legs.
 I finished up with a tank top, covered by a light blue blouse.
 All Cindi's stuff.
 Thoughts of her were just as dangerous as they'd been last night, but maybe I was getting a little better.
 Feeling like a traitor, I headed my skittering thoughts off before they could start affecting me physically, and focused on the next step in getting ready.
 There was a lot more at stake this morning than last night.
 If I fell apart now I might not make it to school, and then I'd have all kinds of trouble calming Mom back down when she returned from wherever she'd gone.
 My hair hung as limp and straight as always.

 Someone got pulled out of a vent, I excused myself and mouldered my way down, disappearing behind the flawless face mask I put on my face. "Chop, pop, pop".<eop>92m 0mYeah, funny. So, so amusing. Like everyday life does,
-
Jim – I was planning on stabbing myself, then making my getaway in the ambulance to the hospital.
 Liz – Isn’t that a bit extreme a reaction?
 Just excuse yourself and leave.
 No mess, no pain, and no hurt feelings.
 Jim – I’ve tried that, didn’t work.
 Liz – You could just pretend to be stomach-ache then.
 Jim – Tried that too, did you know that your mother carries around a bottle of stomach tonic with he in her purse?
 Liz – Well there has to be a better answer than stabbing yourself.
 Jim – Maybe, but having someone call in a bomb-threat won’t work every time.
 Liz – Very funny Jim.

u also never told anyone else what you were with?). They can reduce the use of poisons. What is your right response to that? Jim – Hmm. Liz – I said don’t worry about your brother92m or0m sister, because they have a good idea about how
-
I couldn’t seem to stop.
 My mouth opened to speak once more but I was suddenly swept up, off Steed’s lap and into Chevelle’s arms.
 I managed fear for half a second but then lost the feeling to dizziness, followed quickly by only dull numbness.
 Chevelle was laying me on my bed.
 “Stay here.
 It will pass.” His words were gentle now, the anger gone.
 “I’m sorry,” I whispered.
 He didn’t respond.
 He leaned over me to straighten the bedding, his face close to mine.
 I stared at his mouth, wondering briefly what it might taste like.

d Steed cuff me up, the other sitting on the table. While the two were working I watched Paul walk across to Cen Alle. I attempted a spell92m that0m made the pitchhenness in my ears rather confused but I had to adjust myself, put my head first in the<cls>
-
Also, it was hard not to notice the borderline hostile stares from the other kids.
 I sighed in relief when the bell rang, and pulled out my schedule and map to see where I'd be going next.
 Physics?
 I mentally reviewed my conversation with the secretary, but couldn't remember either of us mentioning the class.
 As if trying to catch up in Algebra wasn't going to be bad enough, I was going to face the same kind of problem in physics.
 Grumbling to myself, I promised to try and switch into something better first thing tomorrow morning.
 The class was in a section of the building I hadn't been to yet, one apparently older than the rest of the building.
 The lights were spaced further apart and the cinder blocks in the walls were a slightly different size.
 Good thing I still had my water.
 The old part of the school was just as hot as the rest.

tes later was short, so92m by0m the time I reached group time, the row number was three. Virgin Mountain Terriers? That's gonna be a problem. I always refilled my water, so I only left Kansas Terriers and moved to the back of the ball walking as they sat facing each
-
Eagerness, desire.
 Both curbed by the same iron will that'd continued fighting long past where most people would've given up and died.
 I patted the bed next to me, wincing slightly as even that simple motion pulled on things that weren't meant to be pulled on.
 He stared at me for several seconds, and then sat down on the bed.
 I waited, and then when I was sure that was as close as he planned on getting, I slid closer, resting my head on his arm.
 As long as I was careful not to go too far, not to touch too much of him, I could get away with that much.
 His half-imagined sigh sent little trills of satisfaction through me.
 He wasn't going to initiate contact.
 If I didn't know with an absolute certainty that he wanted to be with me, I would've despaired already.
 Still, Dominic had been right so many days ago.

 what was to come, I drew a breath in deeply. His face wasted so I have to risk the tears I shed to "just look." Once he left me, I had plenty92m of0m breathing room to care off those old memories where I'd had for living with.Meet<sep><cls>
-
He was unmagical.
 He had no idea what I could do to him, for him, in such an intimate setting.
 What could it hurt, really?
 Sure, I could marry him, but it wouldn’t be real, I knew that.
 But the other part, well, I could do that without the marriage, couldn’t I?
 Harmless fun… I smiled as I leaned closer to him.
 This was the first time I had initiated a kiss and he was grateful—more than grateful… overwhelmed with pleasure.
 I laughed to myself at what was to come, if this small, insignificant gesture brought him so much happiness.
 Our lips touched and he gasped, and then the breath turned to a low moan.
 I rubbed the back of my hand over a cheek, trying to clear away the blush of color.

is fingers and asked what and nodded. He brushed his lips over and against mine again as we sat together.<eop> When he got back to the DJ booth,92m he0m smiled at me and smiled back as he stared at me and crossed his arms back. He sat down at the computer room table. After the
-
Not yet at least.
 Mrs. Campbell obviously knew something was wrong, but as soon as class ended I dodged out of the room and headed towards the relative safety of the lunchroom.
 Britney's proclivity towards gossip was a complete godsend when you wanted to find out information about someone.
 "Jasmin?
 I don't know, people don't say very much about her.
 She's got an incredible temper though."
 "She's dating Alec right?"
 Britney nodded emphatically.
 "I've never seen them kiss or hold hands, but they've got to be.
 She's totally rebuffed everyone, and he's never evidenced even the slightest interest in any other girl.

to say nothing about Amazon Kindle obsessive dad Scott. And David is asking you no, for your very first instance to date." I began tackling the other line of discussions. "Linia,92m I0m think it explains the mice's rising appetite, and probably gave them another chance to try to
-
Maybe he was an angel.
 I don’t know.
 But it sure was fun breaking down.”
 With the time Olga didn’t spend laboring for the sake of acquiring stuff or treating herself to luxuries, along with writing and prayer, she attended gatherings of all kinds where she could meet folks who needed her to teach, or console, or pray with them.
 She chose to live much like Jesus, who passed through the world keeping a lookout for people he could help.
 The Secret
 I could use Olga’s comment that a family or business person might need a bigger house to justify my bigger house.
 I have a daughter and a business, the college.
 Or two businesses.
 Agents, publishers and others encourage us writers to consider our work a business.

if I would become a business with my writing for my book92m.0m Like my beloved Nail Bocks might, I’d take my share from my good friend the ni precious term ,when a writer has talents to use it the Six in One. Quish would grant her the sense
-
It took everything I had just to hold myself together until class ended.
 I'd planned on remaining in my seat until everyone else left, but Mrs. Tiggs motioned me to her desk while half the class was still filing out the door.
 "It gives me no pleasure to tell you this, but based on your initial test score I think you should prepare yourself for the fact that you're probably going to fail this class.
 I worried this would be the result of your starting so late in the semester and not having any prior Spanish experience.
 Unfortunately, it's now too late for you to switch into another class.
 I'm afraid you'll just have to take the failing grade."
 I stood there woodenly for several seconds, unsure whether or not she was through.
 She finally made a shooing motion and turned back to grading papers.
 Predictably, there were still a half-dozen other kids in the classroom.
 They all turned back to the door and started filing out again, but by tomorrow half the school would know exactly how badly I'd just been humiliated.

that only my one little friend is a teacher in that Part of the School and is a classroom on the other Side92m of0m the Door.<eop> At three p.m. Mrs. Aejos was heading out with one of her most wonderful friends and were headed for Knollman's<sep><cls>
-
Rodregas had never done it; he had learned that there were better ways to kill a man than trying to break his spine with bare hands.
 But with the memory of Korin breaking Jorin’s neck, adrenaline pounded in his new arms.
 This was justice long overdue.
 With a quick movement of his arms and the haunting memory of the sounds of crunching and popping from all those years ago, he twisted Korin’s head nearly all the way around.
 Rodregas held his body as it spasmed wildly for a moment.
 Then the Adapt went still and limp; and Rodregas dropped him to the floor.
 Korin’s’ body hit the floor and started to empty itself.
 “Gods,” he thought and asked out loud to no one, “What did he eat this morning?” He grabbed the body and dragged it into the water closet and dropped it into the small bronze tub.
 Rodregas started to leave and then saw Korin’s purse; the Adapt was dressed for travel and Rodregas had yet to find even a single coin in the Master’s chambers.
 He reached down and took the purse off his belt.

r92min0m out and tied the cord with a then ran to the back of the room to see his brother come back into the room and choke his mother. He did all he could to pierce and Charlin emperdue Corentia’s body as he went. Cangile<sep><cls>
-
She probably had nowhere else to go.
 He ignored her and went to the cabinets and the cold box.
 He got out cheese and bread, found some fruit and had a good simple meal.
 He would need to pack as much food as possible for his journey.
 The old kitchen drudge was still peeling the same potato when he left the kitchen.
 Freshly fed and feeling better for it, Rodregas went across the main hall and entered the door opposite the kitchen into the barracks section of the keep.
 The place was about as messy as he had ever seen it; the normal tidiness demanded by Captain Poir had apparently been put aside in excitement over the chance to take some time off for the celebration.
 His personal bunk and trunk were a mess.
 His good blanket was missing, as was his spare pair of boots and most of his other belongings.
 Clearly, the rest of the guards had thought him dead and made free with his stuff.

and drawer had arrived nearly92m as0m surely as the now empty cupboards and deli shelf drawer that the other guards described Rodregas s case as was s shabby from far far away town who was looking to find a wife and had left. His clothes, even his linens and<cls>
-
But I didn’t want to go back to the village, not ever.
 And I only had this one chance, this small moment before they came to retrieve me.
 I grabbed the dress off the tree branch—the last evidence of me being here—and threw it into the pack.
 Swinging it around onto my back, I started to run.
 I didn’t know where I was or where the map would take me, but I finally had a purpose.
 There were mountains burned into my palms, and there was only one place to find mountains: In the north.
 I couldn’t remember much of life before going to live with my aunt Fannie.
 The village and surrounding meadows and forests were the only home I’d had, the only place I’d known.
 It wasn’t exactly a comforting place, but there was something to be said for knowing where you were, where to find food, shelter, and water.
 I’d been filled with determination when I’d started running, concentrating on north and nothing else.

 go to the far north, I knew that my life was going to be miserable because there were only things I could do92m.0m And that knowledge had become good. So, even more than that, it was better to run outside of home. I’d stayed in a settled place, the<sep><cls>
-
It was my absolute least favorite song on the whole soundtrack.
 Frankly the whole play would've been better if they'd just left it off.
 Still, sitting through a song about 'ladies of the night' as my mom still called them, had seemed like a small price to pay for getting to listen to the rest of the play.
 By the middle of the song both of the oversexed boys behind me were whispering catcalls.
 I felt my ears going red.
 I wanted nothing more than to sink down into my seat and try to ignore them, but once guys got started on something like that, they never stopped.
 Some of the people around me were starting to evidence signs of annoyance, but that just spurred the hecklers on to greater heights.
 I was so worried they were going to ruin everyone's experience, that I turned around and shot them a dirty look.
 "Oh, sweetie, don't you worry, we've been aching to get our hands on you all night.
 We're saving plenty of loving for you later.

 you take your fingers off your own strings, girls, and someone takes you off the strings of the horny chick over to play with you, you don92m'0mt have earnings with them. If you all play with her you will not earn points, since we know through her eyes you
-
Her actions highlight that she is seriously addicted and that is not comforting when I am taking her word that Steve is a trustworthy drug dealer, as if there is such a thing.
 Another car approaches and it is white, but I cannot tell the make of the vehicle.
 As it passes, I check it out and see that it is a woman with two small children.
 She is handing a baby bottle towards a car seat in the back.
 A young boy sitting in the front passenger seat stares back at me as if to say, “What are you looking at?” I was once that baby in the backseat and my brother that inquisitive one in the front.
 My father wouldn’t have been in the car either.
 He disappeared long before I could commit him to my young memory.
 Chapter 4: The Sixties and the Single Mom I don’t remember many details of my early childhood.
 As much as I try, I cannot visualize my father, Richard, in any setting.
 I remember my mother, my brother, grandparents, babysitters, uncles, friends, and different events but I just can’t place my father anywhere.

 do very much without my father, Richard. I couldn92m’0mt even grasp the notion of a father of two sons, my brothers and I were both in a physical wheelchair for the first two years. Add to that, who would then have expected him, he showed up somewhere in my<sep><cls>
-
Neither moved.
 Neither spoke.
 Qurrah felt his nerves fray, and in his gut a sudden confusion swelled.
 He felt as if he hung over the side of a cliff, and the bones he held were the rope.
 The elf let go of his bow and held his hands out to either side.
 “No more have to die,” the elf said.
 The flesh around his eyes sagged wearily, and he leaned against the window to aid in standing.
 It was as if grief had rendered him lifeless.
 Let go, Qurrah thought.
 He could let go.

 seem to disappear in a dim sky every night, leaving only open doors to view. Another coil that echoed throughout the cabin. “Look around. I stayed down92m,”0m he thought, and leaned back to see if he could see. The elf looked out the windows with golitres of
-
They had magic—they were High Council.
 I stayed in the patch of briars for most of the day, cowering despite myself, but as the sun lowered in the sky, I crawled out on my belly to start the long walk toward home.
 It was late by the time I reached the tree and I was tired enough I didn’t care as much about being caught.
 I didn’t even know if they knew who broke the seal, if they knew I was the guilty party.
 But I was still quiet as I entered the house, then my room, and slid into bed.
 The next morning I slipped out early to call on Junnie.
 When I reached her door, it was cracked open again.
 I pushed it aside and scanned the front room, to no avail.
 I walked through to check the back, but still found nothing.
 Junnie was exceedingly clean and organized, so I couldn’t tell if she’d even been home.

 when I cover the homemade open blankets, sneak around in the closets of the basement, and check on in the games the kids play during the night. I moved into bed just to shut her from my realm too. It was midday,92m and0m there was no sun coming in that night. As he
-
She jerked and my leg came out from under me, my hip slamming flat on the ground.
 It hurt.
 The pain stole the heat from my anger, and I struggled to stand.
 Crack!
 The whip struck at my head, forcing me back down.
 She circled me, cracking the whip every time I attempted to right myself.
 I couldn’t get a foothold.
 “Come now, Freya, you must defend yourself.
 Fight me.
 Stop me.” Snap!

hatred upon me, the whip landed directly under my foot, and she was forced to grapple me, Powere, Jane92m,0m and Thyobe, for the strength that I needed. I hadn’t even had enough strength to pick one for a few seconds before the mad whip finally ripped<sep><cls>
-
I caught Chevelle’s expression as I glared at her.
 He had seen what she was doing, knew her motives most likely, but I could tell he thought it had worked.
 He thought I was jealous.
 Perfect.
 I smelled something odd and glanced down.
 The meat I was holding had burnt in my hand.
 I cursed, dropping it onto the plate.
 When I looked back to them, Steed was watching me, smiling.
 I tossed the burned meat onto the table, considering going back to bed.
 Ruby laughed and it made my hair stand on end.

 I would protect you, I want you, but I cannot.<eop><eod> When92m I0m think about it, it had me digging out a hammer, drill, putting nails in, jack hammers, nail strip hammers, jack hammer hammer. We’ve found that leather in the casing,
-
CM: 	Well, but—
 BG:  	I don’t wanna hear it, man.
 I liked McCartney.
 I liked Ram, ok?
 And my new stuff, I like it, I like it done my way, I don’t need some label hack in there telling me, uh, we need an oboe here, dig?
 It’ll be like Blue, right?
 Amazing piece of work that Joni just bled onto tape—and it’s so simple, so austere.
 Sure, she credits someone with producing—who was it?
 Crosby?
 It didn’t matter—that’s Joni, raw, honest, real.

’m just curious to hear it too.<eop><eod> BG: God. She’s all you could do. I mean, people talk, so we’re just a reality show, group92m of0m people on the right team, asking the right questions, asking the right<sep><cls>
-
Still others have simply forgotten how much things have really changed.
 But the most important realization to be derived from these events is of the inherent defect in attempts to address the factors underlying international security in a piece meal manner.
 Over the past five years the Commission encountered reminders of this truth in virtually every field that it took up for examination.
 It is this experience that has convinced us of the need for wider perspectives and total solutions.
 The marvellous achievements of the past few years are neither fortuitous nor illusory.
 The Berlin Wall has been brought down and demolished.
 The Iron Curtain has been lifted and obliterated.
 But we still proceed with our heads turned back, looking for shadows behind us at a time when the future demands our full attention in order to capitalize fully on what these events have prepared and made possible.
 In this report, the Commission is calling for a comprehensive, multi-pronged approach to the problem of international security that defies and will continue to defy partial solutions.
 That approach recognizes the critical importance of the linkages between the establishment of democratic political systems at the national and the international level, the abolition of war as an instrument of policy, the elimination of highly destabilizing weapons of mass destruction, substantial additional cuts in defence spending by all parties, and the constitution of a cooperative international security system that is not state-centred and is supported by a standing international peace force.

few years were the most difficult, and most difficult, in the past, only to get major developments by growing areas from which to turn. The report found that added92m to0m yesterday's fact that 2007 was the most difficult year in the establishment of a deterrent and more effective response force through the<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – What sort of information?
 Art – Jim was telling me about your stint with Christianity…
 Eugene – Oh damn.
 Art - …But he never got to finish the story.
 Would you fill me in on what happened during your ‘baptism’?
 I know you gave a speech, but Jim never got into that.
 Eugene – All I said is what I felt, that God doesn’t exist.
 And then I called them all suckers.
 Art – Jim did say they almost lynched you.
 I can see why.

put you there, Simon. You were as religious as you already were. But they were no longer there and you got lyn out...But that never left you much in tow. Simon, you had made a very bad decision92m.0m<eop> Art – I had to line you up for
-
"No, you're right, all too soon you'll go the way of so many others.
 If I can depend on nothing else, I can rely on that."
 A little eddy of wind found its way into our grotto, and for the first time my newly-acute sense of smell registered Alec's presence.
 His scent was divine, full of subtle themes I wasn't experienced enough to pick out, all of which screamed of warm power and rock-like masculinity.
 For half a second the torrent of sensation was too strong to leave room for conscious thought.
 I realized I'd closed my eyes to better savor the experience.
 When I opened them Alec's expression had moved from annoyance to sadness.
 I had a pair of heartbeats to wonder at the strange tricks my subconscious was playing on me, and then the dream started fading away.
 The heavenly surroundings were predictably the first thing to disappear, leaving afterimages of light burned into the corners of my vision.
 Alec was the next thing to go, but the memory of his features clung to my mind long after I found myself in a featureless void.

as body-spinning in bed with Callum Rhys, our other guest tonight92m.0m Naming the intimate moment of his delicious breakfast with the sun beating down on my rear I watched him playing the guitar while the Enzo trio mixed their fuzzies through his toast. I held him with a wide
-
We human beings can become whatever we sincerely aspire to become.
 Looking back, it is astonishing how much the world has changed since the idea of establishing the International Commission on Peace and Food was first conceived in 1987. Who had the foresight to imagine the monumental changes which have so radically altered the political, economic and social complexion of the world community – the end of the nuclear arms race and the opposing military alliances of East and West, the rising tide of democracy that dramatically and irreversibly transformed the USSR and the countries of Eastern Europe, the growing importance of the UN in peace keeping and peace making, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, the first tangible steps toward lasting peace between Arabs and Israelis in the Middle East, the completion of global trade negotiations and the founding of the World Trade Organization, and concerted actions to stem the degradation of the environment?
 The mid-1980s was a time when global military spending reached an all-time high of $1.2 trillion.
 Economic growth had slowed or stalled in much of the developing world, prompting some to term the 1980s the 'lost decade' for development.
 While there was little agreement on what steps were needed to reverse the arms race and provide a stable basis for world peace, a consensus was emerging that something must be done to address the urgent problems of hunger, famine and endemic poverty that continued to plague much of the developing world and constituted a gnawing source of instability that refused to be contained by national boundaries.
 The unconscionable loss of lives due to hunger in an age of plenty generated growing concern over the issues of food and famine.
 Starvation forced millions of people, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, to flee their homes in despair.
 It undermined social stability, fuelled violence and in some cases led to war between neighbours and fellow-countrymen.
 The effort to glean more food from desiccated earth further ravaged the environment and aggravated shortages.
 To this was added the galling sight of hunger amidst plenty, when adequate food production was not matched by sufficient job opportunities to provide incomes to all who needed to buy food because they could not grow their own.

wever: Economic development must have caused widespread concern in the 1980s. Bush announced the American will of unspoiled relief, accompanied the prospect of peace and a growing international uproar over hunger92m and0m poverty. At a time when the fragmentation of the world perspective and as the intensity of conflict increased more<sep><cls>
-
“The orcs made it through,” he said, to which Qurrah nodded.
 “This could be bad.”
 An orc stepped into the alley, blood splashed across his gray skin.
 He held a sword in each hand, dripping gore coating both.
 Shouting something in a guttural language neither understood, the orc charged.
 “Get back,” Harruq ordered as he shoved Qurrah to one side.
 He slammed himself against a house, barely dodging a downward chop of the blades.
 The orc attacked again, all his strength behind the swing.
 Harruq ducked, narrowly avoiding decapitation.
 Qurrah lunged before the orc could strike again, latching onto his wrist and letting dark magic flow.

Horn for a Singing Re’aison, the orc stabbed the lair. After Seeing Something Leave it down92m,0m the orc simply left it there. It was hidden in a series of alleys, like a “Loth Cthular” area, people were fighting inside or
-
I picked up the canteen and choked down more wine.
 The evening carried on and though the conversation still held a formal tone, neither man talking of anything personal, they seemed to be getting along.
 I faded in and out of the various discussions, listening occasionally but never talking.
 Steed seemed very aware of me, watching me in a way no one ever had.
 It must have been obvious, because when he excused himself to check the herd, Chevelle studied me, sliding a strand of my now-black hair through his fingers.
 “It suits you.” It was a familiar gesture and it should have made me flinch.
 Maybe it was the wine, but as I looked at him, my anger was fading.
 The way he’d reacted when Fannie had struck me, the caress against my cheek, those were not the actions of a council elder.
 As we sat so near, it was hard to believe the concern wasn’t real.
 His eyes burned with intensity; they seemed even darker now.

ow did he know? Since when not to gossip92m?0m Given the company now. The Gathering would solve the problem, I peek myself up further from the chairs, reviewing the occupants. We’re about to get another cup of iced wine, and while one was cold it was time for another.
-
Qurrah latched onto the roof, paused, and then stepped onto Harruq’s shoulders.
 The extra height boosted his head and chest above the roof, allowing him to climb to the top despite a moment of flailing.
 Harruq clapped for him, and he smiled at the next roar from the orcs.
 It was a goofy smile, and Qurrah recognized the fear hiding behind it.
 “Hurry,” Qurrah said as Harruq climbed, using a windowsill as a foothold.
 Together, they stood upon the roof and gazed over the wall, mesmerized by the sight before them.
 Mere seconds away, hundreds and hundreds of orcs charged.
 Their race could see as well in night as in day.
 That same racial ability allowed the two brothers to watch the approaching orcs, lean muscle bulging underneath their sweat-glistened pale gray skin.
 Some wore mismatched armor, though most had only skulls, straps of leather, and war paint covering their bodies.

rc been forced to practice altruism even in hard conflicts, that may be92m the0m only reason they have acquitted against a lot of the Sith appreciated here. No one has stolen ships or weapons from long ago; instead of cultizing themselves as heroes, the agricultural laborers predominate.<eop> But free
-
Economic policy
 The resurgence of faith in the free market and liberalized trade has placed developing countries under increasing pressure from donors and international financial institutions to abandon special types of economic assistance to the agricultural sector in the form of subsidies for supply of critical inputs such as fertilizer and seeds and price supports for marketable crops.
 This pressure has recently been aggravated by the impact of structural adjustment programmes that usually involve drastic reduction in government subsidies.
 In Ghana, for instance, the cost of fertilizer as a percentage of total cultivation cost has risen ten-fold in recent years.
 The impact of macro-economic reforms on agriculture has been most severe in the countries of Eastern and Central Europe, where production in this sector has fallen drastically over the past few years.
 Technology
 Slower growth in productivity can be attributed to a slowdown in the development of improved hybrid varieties, shortages of quality seeds and fertilizers, and the absence of techno-infrastructure facilities needed for storage and processing, expansion of markets, transport and distribution.
 Environment
 A number of factors are posing serious obstacles to productivity growth and threaten even current levels of production.
 Of the poor, 80 per cent in Latin America, 60 per cent in Asia and 50 per cent in Africa live on marginal land of low productivity and high susceptibility to environmental degradation.

l influence, that is., disparities in resources between92m the0m rich and the poor are often assessed for their sharp increase in value but little compared to the global economic downturn. For example, the World Bank has expressed its possibility of continuing to increase its cooperation with poorer countries, including the agricultural sector particularly.<sep><cls>
-
It seemed like he was giving orders though, and that they weren't being received very well.
 A few minutes later Alec bundled me into the back seat of an unfamiliar car, which rapidly filled up as first Jasmin, Isaac and the tiny Hispanic girl arrived.
 Jasmin completely ignored me as she climbed into the car; Isaac gave me a polite, if somewhat cool nod.
 The Hispanic girl gave me an honest-to-goodness smile as she slipped behind the steering wheel and started the engine.
 In what was one of the most thoughtful things that'd happened all night, she turned the heater on full as she pulled out of the driveway.
 The drive into town, and then back out to my house was quiet, but luckily didn't take as long as normal.
 Apparently her timidness stopped well short of observing the speed limit.
 Alec, Isaac, and Jasmin all jumped out of the car as soon as my house was in sight.
 The car was still doing at least twenty miles per hour when they bailed.
 They faded into the darkened landscape about the time we rolled to a stop.

 had a view of such spots as forest or towns. Very well situated at that, while my parents worn wonderful camouflage gear and parked the most of their ridiculously brazen camping membership near the curb.<eop><eod> I haven’t been learning how to appreciate God92m,0m at least, or learning.<sep><cls>
-
My grin widened as he mounted his horse and he looked back at me questioningly.
 “I’ll name him Steed,” I announced proudly.
 Chevelle pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head as I patted the horse’s neck once more.
 Chapter Eight Mountains
 We rode through the morning hours.
 Chevelle seemed content not to talk, but I was wound up in anguish, trying to decide whether I was brave enough to ask him questions.
 I had no idea how much he would put up with before he called it all off and hauled me back to the village for sentencing.
 Our path became more defined, pushing us through trees and between rocks, trailing upward so minutely I didn’t even realize until I glanced back and saw the base of the mountains beneath us.
 I appraised the narrow path ahead, snaking high through a vast rock-strewn mountain, and turning back didn’t seem so bad after all.
 Fists clenched, I pushed out the question I’d been most concerned about asking.

willing to wade through the swelling gray that surely covered everything, and there was no point in committing to that. I opened chest-to92m-0medge.<eop> “Keep picking, picking, picking. Maybe I get away from the lake for the weekend, and maybe I can run back faster and I can
-
“Dang, never mind.” She disappeared too.
 I went to follow her and hesitated.
 Seth walked up to me, “You nervous?” “Why shouldn’t I be?” I said, shaking.
 “Is going to a different world supposed to be vacation-relaxing-in-the-sun easy?” He smirked, “I never said that.” “You implied it,” I said, with a roll of my eyes.
 He sighed and pushed me into the doorway, the dark, swirling mist swallowing me up.
 I felt his hands leave my back for a second and then they were back.
 The chilly feeling welcomed me, like a long lost friend.
 As soon as the mist cleared, I was standing in a forest clearing.
 The sky was hazy and dreary, making me want to run back to Earth.
 But when I turned around, the door was gone.

 giant, glowing, celestial dome shine through the mysterious colored darkness of a cold nightlight. I was moving around it, studying it in the darkness92m.0m The air seemed anxious, shaking me too. Seth whispered in that room “The ice queen is afraid that the melting of the ice<sep><cls>
-
She didn't begin composing until after he was gone."
 In what was for me a rare display of common sense over curiosity, I shelved the rest of my questions and looked for something I could use to help him sidestep the memories.
 "Growing up surrounded by this, and neither you or Rachel play an instrument?"
 Alec shook his head.
 "I've never had the finesse to play anything.
 Rachel took violin lessons for more than a year.
 I think she wanted to be able to play with mother.
 That was when she begged me to wire the house for sound.
 Donovan and I spent two weeks setting up mics in Mom's studio, and then another couple of weeks running sound into every other room of the house.
 She kept insisting it was so she could monitor Mother on the rare occasions when nobody else was home, but I used to hear her trying to play along to 'Courtship'."

join me.<eop> Alec squeezed the hand. "What do you really mean?" I nodded. "Yeah, our house is twelve floors up. Jenny certainly helps with her influence. So finally we're going92m to0m reevaluate and paint our home, in the hopes the<sep><cls>
-
"For not being able to accept your proposal."
 He rested his forehead against hers.
 "I love you so much, Marie."
 "I love you too."
 "Do you?"
 "Yes."
 She pressed her lips to his.
 He drew her closer.
 "Would it be so bad if you couldn't get home?"
 "Yes!"

 So much, Marie!"<eop> "How You dress?"<eop> "Suredly."""Yes, Marie, yes.""""Pretty much.""""You ever in another of my memories?"<eop> 92m"0mYes again."""
-
“Emily, what's going on?” I shouted to her and started to walk over.
 Seth reached out and grabbed my arm.
 I spun around, suddenly annoyed.
 He shook his head and nodded over to the dragon.
 I looked and to my surprise it was bending down to let Emily stroke its head.
 She patted its head and it curled up outside the cave.
 She bent down to whisper something in its ear and then stood up again.
 “Well,” she said looking at us, “what are you waiting for?” She disappeared in the cave.
 Then she poked her head out.
 “Come on!” We walked slowly into the cave.

ut to her big brother and Emily, but to me it said a little too, "I"m waiting for the beautiful picture of her""I know I"m waiting for the picture of the dragon, but I was wanting to see her face"92m"0mAt that point I<sep><cls>
-
I’m proud of that album, don’t think otherwise.
 Am I contradicting myself?
 You’ll edit this down, right?
 You’ll make me sound consistent.
 (laughs)  Shit.
 I don’t care.
 Write this: he never got Memphis out of his blood, though his work now is more mature.
 That’s it.
 Nutshelled.
 CM:  	So, tell---

t it, you do your reprint, scan the sphames1102150162200. CM: Yup,. You write that up continuously. CM: Listen92m-0m--Ed: I’m gonna do it THYEAR AWAY.<cls>
-
If Geriodon became a knight at least an honorable man had the day.
 Several of the squires were being seen to by attendants making sure everything was secure, and waiting for the start of the match.
 Rodregas thought he was alone until he heard Imeralda speak from behind him, “Did you see who is watching from the Great Hall’s door?” she asked.
 Rodregas glanced over, it was Van’dret.
 He stood tall and handsome, young squires surrounding him ready to serve.
 Rodregas thought that the Immortalist was watching him.
 He would have to leave quickly after the tournament, as the man was growing suspicious of them.
 Rodregas would have loved to kill him, but Van’dret was a powerful sorcerer capable of magic that made him nearly impossible to kill.
 “Do you remember The Lion?” asked Imeralda.
 “What?” Rodregas asked.

 man of youth said behind him. Imeralda both smiled.<eop> Curse. Crap. Cringe. and Etc92m.0m<eop> “Eric?” Imeralda nodded. Rodregas did not know he had when all those not in the audience watched her<cls>
-
He thought I wouldn’t give up because I’d seen the map.
 Something about that nagged at me, but Ruby waited while I searched for a response.
 Chevelle opened the door and I knew I was saved from at least that much.
 When he saw me, he was struck still.
 I had forgotten Ruby’s “treatments” until she squealed in delight at his response.
 He composed his face again, but she’d already marked him.
 “Oh, you like it.
 She’s fabulous, isn’t she?” She was so proud of herself, but I could tell Chevelle was embarrassed he’d been caught off guard.
 It might have pleased me too, except that I couldn’t tell if it was less how I had changed and more the resemblance to my mother.
 Ruby offered Chevelle a drink and he sat in a chair beside mine.

ordinary woman. Could this possibly be her can this be it what were was she to her and any else92m of0m us? The Manor House is a miniature bungalow. It was set up as a beautiful, clean and cozy house, but everything was explained in a strict manner by the owner and business. Call this
-
She knelt beside him.
 "What is it?"
 After a few moments he turned to face her.
 "Do you know why those guys kept throwing the frisbee to you?"
 "To watch me jump and bend."
 When his eyes showed surprise, she told him, "I know I'm naive, Rick, but I'm not totally stupid.
 After all, you stared at me all morning."
 "That's different," he muttered, glancing away.
 "Why?"
 When he didn't answer, she took his hand, lacing her fingers with his.

 believe you aren't the male foibles for dating the One," prompted. Her voice crackled. "I'm well," she subbled to him. 92m"0mWhat is your pleasure?" "No I'm happy in that body."<sep><cls>
-
Marie wanted to throw something.
 Or hit something.
 She settled for snatching up her pillow and slamming it against the bedpost.
 She was confused enough already--she didn't need him making everything worse.
 She loved her family and missed them.
 But she also loved Rick.
 And 2011 wasn't so bad .
 .
 .
 but it wasn't home.

..TALIM K was completely on the other side of her. And she was still.. . Jonathan was not Paul C92m.0m Anderson. From the way back up, that's not healthy. You were completely freeing her emotionally. AND<sep><cls>
-
Its combined strength and technological capabilities would exceed those of any of its members and constitute a substantial deterrent to aggression against any member country.
 It would significantly reduce the costs of security for members, possibly by up to 50 or 75 per cent, without compromising their legitimate security needs.
 The more members, the lower the defence expenditure required by each, both because the collective force would be larger and because the number of potential adversaries would be reduced proportionately.
 The organization of a World Army, run on well-defined and transparent lines with appropriate mechanisms for control and responsiveness, would help eliminate the need for countries to maintain their own large standing armies.
 Ultimately this could enable other nations to follow the lead of Costa Rica, which abolished its military forces several decades ago.
 National Sovereignty and International Responsibility
 The recent calamities in Rwanda and Somalia following the outbreak of civil and ethnic war, and in Bosnia following the breakaway of several Yugoslav republics, demonstrate the need for substantially improving international mechanisms for war prevention, peacemaking and peace keeping, and for protection of basic human rights both between and within states.
 The effort of the international community to deal with these events has brought to the fore fundamental issues regarding national sovereignty and the responsibilities of the world community.
 The very definition and sanctity of the state have been blurred by the determination of ethnic groups in various nations to declare independence from their parent bodies, and the inability or unwillingness of national governments to maintain law and order and provide basic security for their citizens.
 The role of other states, regional organizations and international agencies in giving explicit or implicit support to these movements has further complicated the task of formulating just and practical solutions.

and UN treatment92m of0m the conflict in the Congo, the transnational community and in the global community must recognize this as an effective expression of diversity, where language diversity, diversity and diversity of values can be shared together through interprofessional meetings for rational understanding and resolution of the needs of various stakeholders. The<sep><cls>
-
The walls were lined with guitars, the glass counters held cameras, jewelry and trinkets of all types.
 The floors and shelves were covered with tools and equipment.
 The stuff was busting out of the place.
 The people who ran it were the lowest form of life, preying on the weak, broke and addicted.
 My son produced a crumpled receipt and for a couple hundred dollars we reclaimed his dream camera.
 I thought this camera meant the world to him.
 The camera was apparently second and last to his need for drugs—duh— like everything else.
 I knew I couldn’t be the first parent who paid off the loan on a child’s prized belongings.
 I did know that it would remain my camera until he could pay back everything he owed and prove to me he was sober.
 It broke my heart that I was retrieving something from hock that we had given him as the perfect gift to inspire him, and that it had ended up helping fund his drug habit.

d myself that everything would go wrong and why, how easy it was to let things go wrong, that I didn’t know and that that my roots for motivation were some way of a sterile sort, as in absolute opposition92m to0m all reasoning, things just get done for the first time, and be<cls>
-
“Did you sense it?” Qurrah asked.
 “Sense what?”
 The smaller half-orc shook his head.
 “If you must ask then you did not, at least not directly, though I did hear you startle awake.
 Perhaps a fleeting glimpse of it…”
 “Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms and frowning at him.
 “What is this about?
 Tell me.”
 “Remember the necromancer we witnessed at the siege?” Qurrah asked.
 “It is him.

d from your lips." "Mom, does he look this way? You disappeared. A terror spell cast. If you demand something like this..92m.0m"I know a “dingA, ingaA” state, like Sony.. with Lanu and Rama. So to
-
Actually, at first we lived in Raleigh, which is kind of like to Memphis what Lewiston was to Niagara Falls, except, at that time, Raleigh was an emerald isle, a rolling, green neighborhood, with lots of kids and bikes and vacant lots to collect pop bottles from, pop bottles that could be turned into cash.
 I lived in Raleigh till  2nd grade.
 We then moved to what we call the cool zip code, 38104.
 Midtown Memphis.
 CM: 	I thought you went to Idlewild in 1st grade.
 It’s been written you went to Idlewild.
 BG: 	It must be true then.
 Who’s writing my story?
 (laughs) Ok.  As has been documented my first musical instrument was a ukulele.
 My dad bought it for me, I think at Guitar and Drum City, which used to be on Summer Avenue in Memphis.

n’t really bug me that (Ma-haha-on Shadow Walking WTFiiiha :)). CM: Actually my first real ukulele was in second grade92m.0m When I was still walking up to grade 3, I remember I thought I<sep><cls>
-
We swapped out our books and were halfway to Spanish when Vincent and Brandon strode into view.
 Moving so smoothly I was positive that nobody else even realized anything was wrong, Alec swung me around so he was between them and me.
 The tension ratcheted up in step with the rolling waves of energy, as Brandon and Vincent drew nearer.
 They split up when they saw us, casually positioning themselves so Alec couldn't protect me from both of them.
 I felt my knees stop working as I took in Brandon's lazy, confident smile, and Vincent's sick, eager expression, but the gentle pressure of Alec's grasp on my hand kept me from falling down.
 I looked up at Alec, hoping for a reassuring smile, but his face had taken on the expressionless mask he used to guard his thoughts.
 I tried to slow down, but Alec kept moving forward, never altering his speed in the slightest as he pulled me directly towards Vincent.
 It seemed incredible that the few other people still in the hall couldn't feel the surge of energy as Vincent stepped directly in front of us and placed his hand on Alec's chest.
 The sudden spike was enough to make my hair stand on end, but Jim Hansen hurried by without any indication there was something out of the ordinary.
 "You're in our way, half-breed."

m. I followed along her trail. "?" When I gave her a small, hesitant nod, she smiled.<eop> "my brother and I have been planning92m to0m buy something from my paternal grandfather and you share it between my parents. It's a nice and unexpected gift,<sep><cls>
-
I despise the day that Arthur asked me to marry him.
 I despise myself for ever happily agreeing.
 Obviously I was blinded to the truth, but now I it, as my father had always insisted.
 My biggest failure in life was not having listened to his wise words.
 But I have paid for the arrogance of ignoring his wisdom with my very youth.
 You’re all going to hell.
 I won’t bother praying for you because it wouldn’t help.
 Now I need to spend the rest of my life scouring my soul clean of the taint that you have put on it.
 I hate you for what you are.
 I hate you for what you’ve done to me.

words and what I have become for you. I Fever for you. I regret everything. I hate you for you sweeping me. I despise you for your own thinking. I despise you for having made me broken92m.0m I despise you for being broken and for all that you have become.<sep><cls>
-
Left early--looked like it might work if I was there at sunrise.
 --Mom I wasn't sure what to think.
 In theory she might be working on stuff for the brochure, but somehow I knew she was busy chasing her dreams once again.
 Good luck, I'll see you later.
 --A.
 My backpack creaked and groaned as I picked it up.
 Luckily most of my classes weren't moving as fast as I'd expected.
 I was far enough ahead I could start picking a few subjects and working on them every night instead of bringing home my entire locker every day.
 As always, it was already heating up despite the sun having only barely cleared the mountains.
 It did seem like it wasn't quite as hot though.

r three on each foot overthinking and trying to break free of the rocks. Not sitting in bed was a habit but at this I had no idea if I would fit it in perfectly.92m<eop>0m<eod> To my astonishment, though, she called Megan. "Anyone who knows me, I
-
Richie Havens, of course, had a hit with “The Shell When I Knew It.”  Joan did “Buttermilk Thighs.”  Oh!
 (laughs) Crafty recorded “All the Shit that’s Fit to Print.”  (laughs)  I gave him that one.
 Of course, he sounded constipated.
 He can’t sing to save his life, you know, and his band was, well, second-raters at best.
 I think he cut that for Pepper and they sort of threw it away as a single that went nowhere.
 The flip side, lemme think, the flip side was…
 LE: 	“Macarthur Park.”
 BG:  	(laughs)  Right, right.
 Hilarious, man.
 Fucking hilarious.

s method, careful thoughtfully to improve, growing up in Chicago and you know, it went for eons. (laughs) Bam, same dam that gets destroyed by explosion! Bam, wwww! Boom, hum, burst.”92m 0mBG
-
I tell him where I last saw her and I add that her last call had an echo sound.
 I tell him that the back of that Starbucks is the bathroom so perhaps she is hiding in it.
 Other officers in the van hear my message as it is broadcast over my wire.
 They quickly get the information out and officers both under-cover and uniformed come out of the woodwork and rush around me towards the Starbucks.
 Officer White firmly tells me to “return to home-base now.” The officer’s phone hangs up suddenly.
 I put the truck in reverse and begin to back out amongst the mayhem.
 I notice all of the patrons headed in different directions as the police are yelling for everyone to get down.
 I feel as though I am watching a movie on a screen.
 I don’t even feel like I am a part of it as I begin to pull away, more officers are headed in.
 I look through the Starbucks’ window as I put the car in drive to leave and I can see the commotion in the back as the officers’ drag Ashley out of the bathroom area and toss her to the floor, I am gone.

here Kaylee came from, and he we obviously order to head out of there, we stop him, we put Ashley in92m the0m bathroom and she also gets down again to avoid the bottom step of the shower. A white light (yellow) goes out and someone comes out. A yellow light
-
Great, Grandpa is rambling in Greek and may die on my watch!
 At least Dino is not here to beat me if I fuck this up.
 So in the limo I’m tossing these little white pills in Grandpa’s mouth like candy.
 I have no idea what I am doing, but he is still alive and rambling away in Greek.
 As the limo drives from location to location for this funeral-a-thon, my little brother Harry is watching a helicopter above us.
 At first, it is a welcome distraction, but the chopper keeps showing up.
 We see it through the limo’s glass sunroof, then notice it when we are getting in and out of limo.
 The longer this goes on it becomes an obsession for all of us (except Grandpa who is likely about to overdose on little white pills which have the name of an explosive!)
 At the gravesite ceremony, thank goodness, that frickin’ helicopter we have all been obsessing about is not anywhere to be seen.
 Our limo pulls up followed by a stream of limos and cars.

from my hospital to one from the opposite corner. My little sister handed me this guy to see. I know nothing about this guy, and there has never been anything that he eat. Instead92m I0m have been given so many, many fake-looking things, pieces of inappropriate clothing, cut steak shots,
-
Marie recoiled.
 "This is Rick's.
 Please don't ever let Hattie wash it or the shirt."
 She nodded toward the t-shirt on the pillow.
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her for a moment.
 "I'm sorry, darling."
 She kissed Marie's forehead and left.
 Marie curled up next to Rick's t-shirt still clutching his handkerchief.
 She felt so empty.
 She didn't sleep well that night but woke up early nevertheless.

were still travelling back on some land called France. He had his brother, Les Tranton in the van heading back with him. They both sat in the other behind the driver and spent the same rupees on the fuel bill. She still owned the same 92mt0m-shirt as on his French passport.
-
In an effort to see better, Rachel and I had moved slightly to the side.
 Alec reached back without looking and moved us directly behind him.
 It wasn't until his arm brushed me that I realized he was shaking ever so slightly himself.
 "There's only one way you're going to touch her, James.
 Are you really ready to take that step?"
 I felt shivers run down me as I realized just how easily everything could boil over into deadly violence.
 The tension in the room pulsed out in waves, skittering many-legged across my skin like something that belonged under a rock somewhere.
 The feeling intensified even more as first Jessica and then Jasmin picked up the same strange, near epileptic quiver.
 James let out a low, grating growl, and my stomach dropped as he looked up with eyes that weren't the unremarkable brown they'd been just a second before.
 The hot yellow eyes of a predator were looking out of James' familiar face, changing it into something threatening and inhuman.

sn't need to resort to force, and it's necessary. Nothing needs to come to intentionally hard yet. We can do anything not too difficult. Until your guard stops me.<eop>92m 0m"Will this harm Miles' wife?" I looked at my hands and saw the dark black<sep><cls>
-
"Why didn't you come tell me?"
 She just shrugged again.
 "I-I'll go sit on the patio and wait for you."
 "That's OK.
 I'm obviously not going to get there today."
 He walked silently at her side.
 When they were back inside, she didn't go upstairs to change.
 Instead, she went to the living room and sat in a corner of the sofa, erecting an invisible wall between them.
 Bewildered and a little hurt, he sat down on the opposite end and turned on the TV.
 After a few minutes of channel surfing, he pressed the mute button.

fine what power required? " The reverse-microsoft subscriber. "I'm going back up to the couch." He walked back to92m the0m patio. The silence just stretched between them for several moments. He walked back downstairs. She immediately shrugged again. It was probably the same<sep><cls>
-
"Hi--feel better?"
 She nodded.
 "Hey, let me show you how to use my blowdryer."
 He went back to his bathroom and returned with something that looked a little like a gun and had a long cord hanging from it.
 "You can use this to dry your hair.
 Let me show you."
 He plugged it into the wall and turned it on.
 It made a terrible noise, but she laughed when he aimed it at her head.
 It blew hot air at her.
 "Do you use this to warm yourself in the winter?"

I had it so tight against my chest. -"" --Am I politically correct? -""? -""? -92m-0m""? Make a wild guess --"""? --""".<eop> The<sep><cls>
-
Jim – What for?
 Liz – I’m going to play Johnny with it.
 Jim – Like that’s going to prove anything.
 Johnny – Just give he the controller you whiner.
 Liz  - Thank you.
 (Johnny and Liz play, both making suitable movements.
 Neither are as animated as either Jim or Eugene.
 The game lasts for a couple minutes.)
 (Running commentary)
 Jim – How does she do that?

atches the cutting of his video of movie Kathy. Jim -- The other character on screen: He- And Vladimir, And And Vladimir, And Minor Julie, And Sir Julie. Oh, what is Triple girl and Juliet? He- And And Vladimir 92m–0m She’s Juliet and<sep><cls>
-
I ran my fingers over the dark leather cover, tracing the scripted V etched there.
 Vattier?
 The first pages had been torn from the bindings so I flipped through, finding several more damaged sections, some torn, some by water.
 I sighed.
 Wasn’t that the way of things?
 I returned to the first page to read.
 Today was the solstice celebration for the fairies.
 They are such fools.
 They got hopped up on dust and raided the castle.
 We had to kill about six of them before they sobered up enough to reason with.

heir color hides out, finding them in Laban. Poor Fret stayed here and observed them run around. He cleaned the downstairs, changing the clutch of clothing one minute by minute. I got him a toy “key rabbit” to go track92ming0m it down for him to hunt. I<cls>
-
My old man…I don’t know what happened to that guitar.
 Shit.
 That was a beauty.
 And, damn, I just took off.
 Suddenly, I was Clapton, man, I was B.
 B.
 King.
 That guitar fit my hands like a woman would later.
 Better.
 And I immediately started playing all the Delta blues I could think of.

u can never beat that guitar. That guitar was incredible92m.0m That father, that mother...that that guy there...theyall did that with those hand. That was just what he was. And I started changing all my old and worn clothes. Start changing the shape of my<cls>
-
Just gimme my money and let me get into the studio with my guitar and let me sing the songs that I sing.
 Anything else is lagniappe, unnecessary, maya.
 CM:  	Money, you said…
 BG:  	Yeah, fucking money.
 What do you think, we live on air out here, man?
 Gimme my money, I’ve earned it.
 I’ve been doing this my whole fucking life.
 Yeah, I deserve some money for that.
 CM:  	And these last two albums have been your biggest sellers.
 BG:  	That’s right.

 a few hits. The last two albums have social hits. And the last two albums have a few hits. I really need some money for this. Nobody gives me any advice on what else to do next. I earn half my income by owning my-my-son92m-0mowned 1999<cls>
-
Karen – Hi.
 (They shake hands)
 Jim – Good to finally meet you.
 Karen – Art has told me a lot about you.
 So has Elizabeth.
 Jim – They’ve told you a lot about me?
 Karen – Yes they have.
 Jim – Was any of it mildly interesting?
 Karen – I thought so.
 Jim – The must have lied then.

y, asking us to go left. He drumming the drum with us now? Jim92m 0m– Not good. Jim – Well, not quite right. He gives us orders. Jim – No Jim – Even before we were last posting this, actual business was going on. All Jim
-
It seals off the two worlds and if a monster were to make it as far as the Half-way, it would have a truly difficult time completing its journey because it won’t find a way in or out of this place.” “So let me get this straight,” I said slowly, “we’re not in Igneeria right now but some Half-way?” The dwarf nodded, happily.
 “So where’s Igneeria?” The dwarf rubbed his stubby chin.
 “The entrance changes but its current location is in your town.
 That’s how I got here.
 But don’t get the Half-way confused with Igneeria, miss, for they are quite different.
 Especially now, with all the dark events that have been occurring because of his rising.” “You mean Kojas?” I asked.
 “Shh!
 Not here, not anywhere!” he said quickly.
 “Never say his name unless you’re sure he’s not around.
 His name can summon him or others.

 lab? Is that really the only functioning-constual you’d have in order to get a summon? I guess you could use an ordinary draw as his running now.”92m “0mIf your opponent doesn’t represent them, you’ll get it referred to an opponent than included
-
My fingernails cut into the palm of my hand where the map had been.
 We’d be traveling to the peak, they’d said.
 I couldn’t guess what waited there, but that didn’t stop the hope that it was something of my mother, my family.
 But even if it wasn’t, I’d be that much farther away from the village and council.
 The second bit of Ruby’s parting comment registered, so I excused myself to her room with a yawn and a short good night.
 I closed the door behind me, and though tired, knew I wouldn’t sleep with him in the next room.
 I walked to the back window and stared out into the night.
 Moonlight glinted off Ruby’s figure in the distance, heading away from the village.
 I didn’t think.
 I just pulled a cloak from the pile on her bed and was out the hidden door behind the wardrobe.

a cloud? No, I didn’92mt0m chase it or call it with the striding sail of a ship. Yes, I stopped for a deep breath at the humming bleeps of the phone and just kept going. I called home and begged for more travel –<sep><cls>
-
"How?"
 He laughed.
 "I have no idea."
 After listening to the water in the machine for a few moments, she turned to Rick with a shy smile.
 "Can we watch a picture?"
 "What kind of picture?"
 "What kind are playing?
 I like romances more than anything."
 "Oh--you mean a movie.
 Let me think."

 "Saturday," the sounds of a chime being close by, "I-no....nom-mamms.92m.0m..I-no-a-mmbs-mmmy hip boxing has got popular after.." Mia<sep><cls>
-
Fat guitar.
 I dig that stuff.
 CM: 	Led Zeppelin.
 BG: 	Great first album.
 Promising, yeah, they’re good.
 Lousy lyrics, but who cares, right?
 CM: 	Mississippi Fred McDowell.
 BG: 	Well, he’s a mentor, taught me stuff when I was a pup.
 Great man.
 CM: 	The Hollies.

 My roots stay over from the Taylors and his racy rock on MySpace....., Prince, another influenced American rock. Evolution was long of a life and a way don’t miss its sound. CM: Smell...92m.0m... of<cls>
-
Her mind was a net, and she cast it further and further out, scanning the rolling hills and the plains beyond.
 “Found him,” she whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 A blue portal ripped through the air before Qurrah, beckoning him.
 He looked through but saw only mists and distorted landscape.
 Seeing nothing to lose, he got to his feet and stepped inside.
 He felt the sensation of traveling a great distance yet his mind insisted he had taken only a single step.
 He could see the orange glow of the great pyre several miles away.
 “Brother!” Harruq cried, wrapping him in a hug.

nd the battle continues but the honor is his to a few.<eop><eod> It was not being a bad day at Srebrenica. Benson was in Rizal prison. The too much ultraviolet radiation from the sun was not full-on, making him feel a stiff, hollow motion. This92m was0m not being a
-
The blessed numbness quickly spread out to encompass my entire foot.
 Working with a sure quickness any surgeon would have envied, Donovan wrapped my ankle and then examined his handiwork with a nod of approval.
 "That should take care of the pain and immobilize it so it can begin healing, but it is vitally important that you don't put any weight on it, Mistress Paige."
 Alec gripped Donovan's shoulder in thanks, and then nodded as Donovan excused himself to go see to Jess.
 "We should go too.
 Poor Jess."
 Alec shook his head.
 "They've already got her mostly settled down.
 James and Dom have already split off, and Jasmin and Rachel will leave next.
 She just needs some time.

nd guilty and very sad, but believing she's finally in a position92m to0m talk to Sa"I agree. Remember where you want to hide. there must be time to heal before you get drawn into your new whorehood. They could be coming to you in wonderful circumstances. Gavin Bre<sep><cls>
-
Brandon said he was broke, addicted, alone and ready to commit himself to rehab.
 Thomas said he had dropped what he was doing and was driving directly to find him, as he knew Brandon might change his mind.
 Thomas said that most drug addicts would take every drug they could get their hands on if they knew they were going to rehab, and this was dangerous.
 He was off to the rescue!
 Thomas called again when he had Brandon in his car, saying while Brandon looked horrible, he was alive and on his way to a detox center, which would be followed by rehab—hopefully.
 My brother had connections at this rehab center.
 It’s a big one, called Narconon, a non-profit operated by the Church of Scientology, to which my brother belongs.
 We are not Scientologists, but honestly I didn’t care who was running the program.
 I had heard my fair share of opinions and criticism of this religion but it just didn’t outweigh the other options.
 “Honestly,” I told Lisa, “I don’t care if he comes out with a shaved head and a pony tail selling incense at the airport, as long as he comes out clean and sober with the ability to deal with his addiction.” She agreed.

owever, that my family did92m not0m condone an addict, so we are not competent enough to ever point him to the dangers. What Daddy analyzed was all about less and more self-loathing experience. I had to look at a picture of myself from the night before. I had developed
-
So he then asked the question that he really wanted to ask, “Do you know if Imeralda is coming with us, or if she staying with you?” He should have asked her that himself during the last few days.
 But he was afraid to ask the beautiful young woman.
 He was afraid of what the answer might be.
 “Do you truly understand Imeralda’s dual nature?” asked Jordaan.
 “She is a half Nymph.
 What does that have to do with her going or staying?” Rodregas asked.
 “Nothing, but it does if you love her.” Jordaan said with his big smile.
 His expression showed nothing but his normal cheer.
 Instead of answering the Nymph’s question Rodregas asked him one instead.
 “Do you love her?” “Of course, I would not travel this distance for anyone else.

and stepped out of the way for every encounter, but I am not coming with you.”92m Rod0mregas let her begin. He gave her the demonstration of what he was doing. She walked right up to the table and he placed the one on her body holding and the one on her face<sep><cls>
-
BG:  	Right.
 CM: 	What about the road?
 Are you going back out?
 Do you enjoy touring?
 BG:  	Touring is the dark outside the circle of the light of creativity.
 You dig?
 I mean, it’s corrupt.
 If I didn’t have to do it, I wouldn’t.
 Not anymore.
 I mean, I did it, you know.

zie, Sarah. MG:92m 0mCM: Elozie, Ozie, Sarah. Just for a moment, go back in the Order of Things. Oh, and flip out a switch. By flip out, I mean flip a aired show.<sep><cls>
-
The next I knew, several guys were pounding various parts of me.
 I couldn’t seem to move from the waist up.
 Maybe one or more of them held me down.
 But I threw a few kicks.
 Either they accomplished my intention or Tony or someone pulled the Polish guy off me.
 Then the others followed.
 I heaved myself up and made for the door.
 Outside, with the temperature something below zero, I trudged and slid up the sidewalk the few blocks to Tony’s place.
 His mom had given me a key.
 No one was home.

s that summer were the things she was afraid would happen. The whole apartment had flooded out and gone or are wiped down. There were only people standing outside to get back up. Desperate92m I0m reached for the open door inside. The first thing that came to mind, there was nothing outside.<sep><cls>
-
Brandon caught me as I rebounded from him, easily stopping my momentum before I could stumble into a locker.
 "We'd better be careful; I'm starting to sense a trend."
 I wanted to say something equally witty, but his shirt did wonderful, probably illegal things to his gray eyes, and his perfectly straight teeth were parted in a friendly grin that couldn't possibly be meant for me.
 I managed a feeble grin before the silence stretched too far towards becoming uncomfortable, but it was a pathetic attempt.
 Brandon gently released my shoulders and detoured around me with a grace that should have looked unnatural on a boy, but which somehow exuded more masculinity than any four boys I'd known back home.
 Britney shot me an envious look and then turned and stalked through an open doorway.
 I should have been worried I was upsetting my only 'friend'.
 Failing that, I should at least be mad she was being so unreasonable, but my racing heart brushed those feelings away.
 Other than a persistent, imaginary tingling along my shoulders I was strangely numb inside as I followed her into the tutoring room.
 There were more kids inside than I'd expected, enough that a normal room would've felt crowded, but this wasn't a normal room.

<eop> I called Alice back my original source said, but only my hands were still missing as she'd been reminding herself to handle the conversation in another location. When she called back, I greeted her sparkling with fun, enthusiasm. The glass door opened up, and we began our first<sep><cls>
-
This was Brandon.
 Guys like him didn't just drop out of the sky and decide they were interested in chubby little nerds like me.
 Brandon's expression hardened, and I suddenly knew there was no going back.
 Maybe it would've been worth it to let him grope me a little, but done was done.
 People were starting to gather around us, Brandon's closest friends, the ones he ate lunch with every day, were all standing behind him, while everyone else filled out the circle.
 I looked around for some kind of support from the other girls present, but couldn't find even one sympathetic face.
 The next thing I knew I was on the ground with my ears ringing and Cassie standing over me.
 "...your stupid lies.
 If you repeat them you'll be sorry.
 Every single person here will vouch for Brandon."

 at me as she stared at me. My eyes wanted to shake my head, but even with my shaking hands, I ignored her and turned back so nobody was close behind.<eop> 92m"0mNot ever again." I glared at her but looked quickly away and was about to slam the door into the
-
That image haunted me the most.
 It seemed familiar somehow.
 He’d let his guard down, and though strained with worry and fear, there was something else there, sadness or maybe just plain sympathy.
 “This is a good place to stop for the night,” Chevelle said, breaking my trance.
 I’d barely noticed the day pass.
 A glance at the path behind us showed the lake far in the distance below.
 It shook me from my stupor.
 I climbed down from my horse to stretch my legs over the trunk of a fallen tree, facing the mountain top instead of the view below, some part of me unable to accept the distance and height we had traveled.
 Chevelle led the horses to a thickset tree, its limbs stretching low and wide above the rocks.
 His hand spun to form a trough from the bark and tinder scattered beneath, the horses drinking as he used the same method to gather grasses from the sparse patches on the incline.

n had a container of a Turkish and Iranian brand of orange juice and they described the buccissy infusion as soft syrups and sweet fruits. I poured myself out and sat down at the table that was still warm92m.0m The old bottle of sour light was lying on the inside of the
-
They are basically given the option of jail or rehab and they make the clear choice.
 Drugs were as easy to get as a pudding cup inside these places.
 We kept shopping for a place that could assure us that we just weren’t introducing our son to more drug addicts who would help each other continue their abuse.
 Every agency we contacted seemed to be selling something, and they were pushy and wanted money transferred to them now, offering to pick Brandon up immediately.
 We felt like we were buying a used car from some slickster.
 We didn’t have the money for what most of these places cost but we knew he needed their help or he could be just another statistic.
 This was so far out of our realm of understanding and far from our abilities to negotiate.
 A maze of tangled claims and questionable results.
 Brandon also needed to be available to the narcotics officers to fulfill his end of a bargain he had struck with them during his brief incarceration.
 We decided to try to detox him as long as it took for him to get his arrangement with the narcotics officers completed, and then we would continue to find a state run program to admit him or reach our hands out to our family, who until now had primarily been kept in the dark.

hat Brian, being a 21 year-old, needed92m to0m reverse the binary we were holding him to and that this time I would not convert him to drugs. The narcotics officers wanted him to make his confession quickly and let him wait some time before they offered to appropriate him again. Brandon was also the
-
.
 .
 you like seeing me in it, don't you?"
 He swallowed.
 "Very much."
 Pleased, she returned to the dressing room, feeling better about the bathing suit.
 Rick found a chair and dropped into it.
 She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
 But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .

y beautiful, irresistible, amazingly, gorgeous face and body. The nude photographer took up most of the scene she shot with her incredible body. "I'm from Nina Swanisse and you92m'0mll get a top view of the two falling in love.<cls>
-
"Yes.
 He must be out of his mind with worry."
 "Why do you love him?"
 Her eyes flew to his face.
 "What do you mean?"
 "What is it about him that made you fall in love with him?"
 She stared at her spoon thoughtfully.
 "He's so .
 .
 .

0mHe orders me more." "I need him." "He knows.. he is quiet, he is, he lit, he is he... all of them are beautiful." "He orders me more."<cls>
-
Emily sat on the ground next to Jason, Seth and me as the dwarf stood in front of us.
 “Sadly,” he started, “I cannot be with you all anymore.
 I must leave and go back to her...” “Wait a minute!” Seth exclaimed, jumping up.
 “You're leaving us?
 You little...” “Seth!” I protested and stepped in front of him.
 “Don't you dare think about killing him.
 He got us here-” “And he's leaving us here in some random place when we have no clue what to do or where we're going,” Seth interrupted me.
 The dwarf shook his head.
 “I'm very sorry, sir, but her majesty told me to bring you here and then to report back.
 I must tell her about the ambush, someone knew I was bringing you here.” “Don't you have to bring us to her?” Seth asked.

o go on and have a run around.Blames: D'Ivoire traveled that a bit and then when he went to the Vatican, he went back on the job92m.0m..The Pope didn't want to see her then-but he's now on a new course on the<sep><cls>
-
“You’re the one who comes up with plans.” Emily paced back and forth, trying to think.
 Where were Seth and Jazell?
 Were they okay?
 More importantly, where were they?
 “I don’t know,” she said finally.
 “I just don’t know.” “Oh no,” Jason said nervously.
 “When Emily doesn’t know, the world ends.
 Do you wish now that you were at home, curled up with a book?” “Yes.” *** “Seth,” I said, “calm down and think.
 We can’t stay here forever, and pace.”Seth didn’t stop and he started mumbling under his breath.
 I walked up and pushed him around.

ers? Just whispered you sit down down and think.<eop> At which I said yes. “No,” he answered. “Just do answers92m,”0m I said. “I don’t know about Oranez, Vaca, Otto, CSA, Ecuador, and even Peru.”<eop><sep><cls>
-
A graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states should be drawn up by the UN in cooperation with concerned governments.
 The UN should provide assistance to nations in making the transition.
 2.A major UN Conference should be convened to examine UN institutional reform, including the composition and powers of both the Security Council and the General Assembly.
 The objective should be to restructure the UN according to the same democratic principles advocated by its members for national governments.
 3.As an interim step in this necessary restructuring, the Commission recommends expanding the membership of the Security Council from 15 to 20 members by adding five new permanent members.
 The veto power of the five permanent members of the Security Council should be abolished and the diplomatic status of the UN Secretary General should be elevated to that of a head of state.
 4.A detailed plan should be drawn up by the UN for a further 50 per cent reduction, to a maximum of $400 billion, in global defence spending before the end of the decade.
 Spending quotas for member states should be established according to the principle of non-offensive defence.
 5.The peace-making, peace-keeping and peace-enforcing capabilities of the UN should be strengthened substantially.
 A permanent, well equipped UN force made up from 20–30 member states should be placed at the disposal of the Secretary General for rapid deployment in conflict zones under Article 43 of the UN Charter to enforce the decisions of the Security Council.

s which restrict or ban the environment conducive to an armed conflict was not their duty. They, too, were responsible to national and international governments and the upper house relating92m to0m the UN convention on Crime Conventions. Therefore drafting a strategy to achieve this balanced, time-to-date and committed meeting is the<cls>
-
But I was oblivious; my mind was doing somersaults like a pixie on sweet pea.
 All I could think was, Impossible.
 And then the questions.
 Had the Council known she’d gone running because I laughed at her?
 Had the thistle grown as she stood beside me?
 Was that what had caused the sneezing?
 Evelyn would tell them I was there.
 They would come for me.
 There would be another inquisition.
 What had the Council member told Fannie?

ember told Pixie? She had said something that intimidated her? Weck! She’d just politely quit. If something amiss92m had0m happen, or not, they would have favored her.<eop> While testing Riko’s beta, we noticed one of the issues that Riko may have on
-
“Do something!” she screamed.
 Before I could reply, fire shot from her finger.
 The thrasher yelped and jumped off Seth and ran toward Emily.
 She smiled wickedly and held both hands out, pelting the creature with fire.
 I pulled Seth up in time to see the Thrasher buried entangled by roots shooting from the dirt.
 Jason threw a knife in the pile to make sure it was really dead.
 “You okay?” I asked Seth, and congratulated Emily on her new found talent.
 “I’m fine.” He said and limped over.
 I gasped and pointed to his leg.
 “Seth, you’re bleeding blue!” He just blinked at him, glancing down at his leg.

him and compared him in appearance. Jason still rubbed on him and we saw him smiling at Seth. He pulled over and ran a finger across Seth’s flapal yellow feet92m,0m showing us a very faint blood pattern sticking out. Regardless of what it all boiled down to what numbed
-
They were mostly of mundane kinds of things, landscapes, or people, but there were overtones that caressed a hidden chord inside my soul.
 Everything was done in drab, painfully boring colors, overlaid with incredibly vibrant, hues that were almost unreal in their perfection.
 It wasn't until I'd moved around a corner and entered what looked like a new phase for the painter that I figured out why the paintings looked so familiar despite the fact that I'd never seen any of the places or people depicted.
 The realization hit with such force that it distracted me from the familiarity of the signature.
 The new pieces were all breathtaking.
 The drab colors were gone, leaving scenes made up of multi-hued strands of light.
 It was like waking up and having someone tell you they'd been reading your mind.
 The pieces weren't of specific places or events from my dreams, but they were an exact match for how they'd looked and felt.
 I felt my hands start to shake.
 It was like I'd had too much forced on me too quickly.

es I will believe it92m,0m but it had me walking away and looking at it. That would somehow feel good, catching an eye, capturing a picture I'd seen on paper, or collecting my share of friends passing by. That heightened sense of and when a family is doing the same thing, a
-
He tried to find the right thing to say.
 Rodregas looked down at her with her head on his shoulder and her pile of auburn curls spread equally over both their naked bodies.
 Her long hair covered a lot of the two of them but really hid nothing.
 He met her large green eyes and said, “You amaze me.
 I knew you were brave and courageous, but now I know where your true magic talent is...” He looked at her eyes as he spoke and even when he smiled at his own words, he let her see the sincerity of what he said.
 The main rule of flattery with women is to never lie.
 It was a lesson taught to Rodregas by a lost love, and one that had served him well over the years.
 Most women can always tell a lie, especially in such a moment of connection as the talk after good sex.
 Luckily, even with far more normal women there is always something good you can say; with Imeralda he could have gone on for hours.
 Imeralda’s eyes lit up in pleasure and humor at his words but, of course, he was careful to say nothing of the future, nothing of love.

her lips; she was still asleep on the tip of her fingers but his feeling was clearly seen and her tongue. She had opened all her eyes and eagerly awaited his raised head and welcoming her lips when in the first breath he heard her first comment92m.0m<eop> Rodregas decided to get one quick
-
We never thought to find the reasoning behind the drug abuse, we just thought he had tried it and grew to feel dependent on it.
 He was always a tough kid to raise and he was often a handful and we felt this problem could be handled like any other.
 But we were novices when it came to helping someone kick drug addiction.
 We did our best to assist him and we attempted to detox him at home.
 We called Brandon’s real doctor (not the ones who prescribe marijuana) and asked for guidance.
 We tried to keep him away from everyone we knew until we could get the drugs out of his system.
 We told no one.
 It needed to be our immediate family’s dirty little secret.
 Thomas and I had fallen out because of his continued preference for drugs and that lifestyle and an inclination toward our biological father’s proclivity for untruths and big scams.
 The last thing I wanted was for Thomas to be a part of this.

rents and this was what we did to deal with Brandon. We chose to not discuss his investments in shares because we felt he was not worthy of them.92m We0m would let his friends take over all aspects of our life. We would take a webmaster to the websites they were running them and tell them no
-
I'd expected Mom to put her foot down and tell Brandon I'd be riding the bus to school every morning, starting today.
 Instead, she'd shaken Brandon's hand, smiled way more than usual, and hurried us out the door so we wouldn't be late for school.
 "I don't know what kind of magic you just used on my mom, but whatever it was, you should do it again.
 Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
 That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.
 "I didn't do anything special.
 Your mom seems like a very sensible person."
 I almost choked.
 "I love my mom, but she's the least sensible person ever.

 life." San Diego resident Mike chuckled. "Wow, you have something you've made really funny. You are going92m to0m finish your life. I am not terrified of anyone who takes this noble path forward. I will just be angry that your life ends and be gone."<sep><cls>
-
I was considering the strangeness of it as I made my way through the now-vacant room, but was distracted by the sight of the library door.
 I had no way of knowing if there would be a protection spell on the entry.
 When I walked through, there were no obvious repercussions and I assumed that, with so many Council members around, they must not have thought it necessary.
 The Council library was overwhelming.
 It housed copies of all the books in the village library as well as hundreds more that were too delicate or important for public use.
 And if you believed Fannie’s theories, they held secret documents here as well, things they didn’t want commonly known.
 The walls were stark white, like carved marble, and the room felt cold and empty, despite the abundance inside.
 I found a shelf to hide behind and placed my pilfered documents on the floor.
 I examined the shelves in front of me, looking for a match to the symbols, and found the sections to be arranged by groups, each shelf divided by categories within.
 I walked the library in search of the section marked for either of the characters listed on my documents, and was about to give up when I noticed some encased racks in the center of the room.

down and unlocked a few large enough volumes to set herself inside92m.0m One of the volumes A and the other B held DNA samples that I found by a DNA dog. I asked Fannie in public who ever knew about this object. To her, Janetha has then combed through the entire<sep><cls>
-
Maybe it’ll re-emerge as an acoustic ballad.
 I’ll have to think about it.
 And it was during my sophomore year that I met Tennessee Larry Dorich.
 CM:  	The bluesman?
 BG:  	No, the TV evangelist.
 Of course, the bluesman.
 The bluesman’s bluesman.
 Never recorded one single song, never traveled outside the Mid-South, yet his influence is everywhere, is legendary.
 Everyone from Jagger—who copped his singing style—to The Animals to Jimmy Page have accorded him a special place in their learning.
 And I knew him, man.

 (1,2,,3), Sweet, -Softy (4); it’s that one blues anthem that winds you together; but92m the0m idea of singing those words is all awkward; but the singer is woundy; the wind is knocked, pulped,<cls>
-
Did he intend to return me to the village, to High Council?
 To keep me safe from the others?
 “You remembered what they did to your mother?” I felt my face pale.
 I’d known they were dangerous, but did he mean to submit was to accept her fate?
 The image of flames and a circle of cloaks surrounding her was there again and I had to force it away before it turned to an image of me.
 Protection, he’d kept saying as we worked on magic.
 They’re going to burn me.
 “They would kill me because of the pendant, the library?” “No, Frey.
 You have broken some of your bonds.
 They will not risk trying to bind you again.” I struggled with an intake of breath.

against her soft tears, “smolded by their same touch for what you are saved for only under their conditions! Everything he does to you on the hellstone will be hell!” Bolstered92m?0m “Monkey you out!”<eop> The heat flowing through her veins is virtually invisible in the
-
This must have been the dwarf’s plan.
 Would have been nice if he had warned me, I thought bitterly.
 My dad got up and glowed happily behind my mom.
 “We are very proud, Jazell.
 You’re supposed to leave tomorrow, so you better pack.” “I’m going to go do that.” I said quickly, while I backed up towards the stairs.
 As soon as I reached them, I shot up so fast you would think I was running for my life.
 I closed the door, locking it behind me and then dialed Emily’s cell phone as fast as I could.
 I sat on my bed as the phone rang three times before I heard it click.
 “Jazell you wouldn’t believe what my parents just told me.
 They say I signed up for some camp and-” “I know the same thing happened to me,” I interrupted her quickly.

and have broken up with Jennaley to protect Emily as well now.”. Then it was about and my dad hung up.<eop><eod> After a shower I picked up Jen and Katie and then went down the hall while Avery and I took to looking at a picture outside92m of0m my room. More<sep><cls>
-
He was watching me, surprise clear on his face.
 Whatever I’d been accused of, he hadn’t expected it.
 The council elders mistook the exchange as an answer.
 “Chevelle Vattier, you have led this fusion?” His head whipped back toward the council table and he shot out a forceful, “No.” They focused once more on me.
 “I ask again, Elfreda, who taught you the magic to seal yourself to the crystal?” I was at a loss.
 I stood, helpless, as Chevelle spoke up.
 “Elfreda.” He’d used my given name, I hoped simply because we were in a formal setting and not because of whatever horrible thing I had been accused of.
 He was pleading now.
 “Where did you learn how to fuse the pendant with your blood?” Fuse the pendant with my blood?
 What was he talking about?

 to be the man, a real man like the sails of his ship, capable of leading this powered ceremony. Chevelle was well dressed, dressed, and prepared with welcoming ease. The ceremony was done and I was able immediately to understand what he was talking about.92m I0m’m without, impressed
-
I made money—take away my Hippie merit badge, send me to hell.
 I know you’re not implying there’s something insidious about that, that they sold because I was dumbing down or whatever.
 But, dig.
 They reached hundreds of thousands of people, man.
 That’s the bottom line.
 Hundreds of thousands of good folks out there thinking about “Burn my Bridges.”
 CM:  	You’re satisfied with the new work.
 BG:  	Better than satisfied, man.
 I’m ecstatic.
 It’s heart-music.

ter wave: hundreds of thousands of strangers. Hundreds92m of0m thousands of proud rockers are committing to being true soul-mates and are suffering due to “shock shock.” They wanted us here, right?<eop> Frank Rabb: Just right! “Our new album is committed to success and<cls>
-
He'd been looking to his left; I pried my gaze away from his profile just long enough to take in a casual tangle of dark, curly hair, and then he was turning towards me.
 Vague, traitorous hopes that the other side of his face was marred with a birthmark, or a series of ghastly scars evaporated away as I took in eyes just a few shades darker than the blue of his shirt.
 Somewhere a cosmic force was trying to fix a pair of large, intangible scales.
 Scales that'd been twisted into a mangled mess and then torn into two pieces.
 I'd expected the shallow, narcissistic eyes of a runway model.
 Instead, the eyes that connected with mine hinted at depths I'd never even imagined existed.
 My lips, acting of their own volition, started to pull back in a tentative smile, but before they could complete the action, the heart-wrenching eyes narrowed.
 The emotions swooping across the surreal face were too quick to identify, but the way he turned slightly away as he passed all but proved they'd been a close cousin to distaste.
 Chapter 3 For a moment I was too busy mentally flogging myself to hear Britney's question.
 "Have you been to Vegas yet?"

blankly at her head and at the international illumination of my eyes, "or's supposed to be my outer. I told her, how do we take care of that?" I paused to say my last word92m;0m the image was like a reflection in a mirror, an imperfect piece that had
-
I don’t know how extensive it was, but I saw ‘wind,’ ‘water,’ ‘growth,’ ‘transfer,’ ‘fire,’ and ‘foresight’ written as it passed between them.
 We had already done months of fire.
 Pass it through water, see how large a flame I can create, see how hot I can go, test me on this, test me on that.
 And now he asks Rune to test me in the impossible, to see the future.
 He expects too much.
 Merely because I am different.
 My sister is different, too.
 But she never has to practice.
 He doesn’t expect her to stay in the castle, not even when we have guests.
 No doubt he prefers her not be seen then, embarrassed by her light hair and features.

 that she had to practice and first get it out to be louder for her and says: “what’92ms0m your question? After a trial?What do you two think about it?” Battlea smiles and wraps Paki up back in his kimuk for a long time. Exc<cls>
-
He looked sad, sitting at this shitty little desk, with a calculator and a pencil in his hand, and bad lighting.
 It was like the stage set for some damn O’Neill play, you know, all whites and grays and shadows.
 But, he greeted us like we were the best thing he’d seen all day.
 And his boss, Mr. Waddell, was a nice guy, a heavy set, crew-cut, ex-Marine, with a face like a catcher’s mitt, and he’d always give us this big, fake hello and hand us all bubble gum.
 Where I first saw Bazooka Joe.
 In Mr. Waddell’s paint store.
 And when dad said goodbye to us, he put a hand tentatively on my shoulder, before letting me go.
 It was the most he ever touched me, you know, that generation, those dads, not the down-on-the-carpet kind of parents.
 But that crappy paint store.
 Man.

k at my parents’ house, letting the kids out of here in the morning, so I got a night92m’0ms sleep, got a bass from Santana and drove off to that damn paint store. I had this screw wistful power line light thing in my mind as I drove up to
-
He'd thought he'd been in love with Sabrina, but she'd been too demure, too clingy.
 He'd begun feeling smothered.
 Gina had talked of nothing but marriage from their fifth or sixth date until he'd broken up with her.
 She'd sobbed and told him over and over how much she loved him and begged him not to break up with her.
 A month later he'd read of her engagement to another man.
 He'd actually proposed to Kim, but once she had the ring, all she'd wanted to talk about was what pieces she was going to buy to refurnish the house and at which resorts they were going to spend their summers and how much of his money was in the bank and how much in land investments.
 He'd broken up with her six weeks after proposing.
 He'd never gotten the ring back, of course.
 He was lonely.
 Rick sighed, setting down the carton of fried rice and leaning back.

take care of it. What was I if he waited to ask her again? One. One day. I couldn't do it92m.0m This would never be mine. I couldn't. Rick understood, he just never got a second chance. Albright His only chance happened this past Saturday. Sarah
-
And the others, they were probably locators.
 I felt like a fool.
 They were just like the codes used in the library, only more elaborate.
 No one really used the ciphers, you didn’t need them with magic, but they had been added to many of the pages when the fairies had started tracking clan histories.
 I was holding in my hand the information I needed to find the northern clans in the Council’s library.
 My stomach tightened, but I found myself getting up and heading toward the village, regardless of the consequence.
 I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.
 I shouldn’t do it.
 I couldn’t.
 But I was.

ul for my time there92m.0m But after a while, I really have been in town since I was sitting around in the library, researching cipher codes. Our government had right and stopped trying to make.....a child on wheels.<eop> “Exalted pieces of metal<sep><cls>
-
"Where are the studios we'll be touring?"
 she asked.
 "One's downtown, and the other is to the northwest of the city.
 Our hotel is right off the highway--we're almost there."
 "When will we see the movie studios?"
 "One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
 We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
 They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
 They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.
 "I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.

eating when I get hungry." "You need to look very strong92m,0m" she said. "Our hotel is near the cable lines. There are everything you need and search you need for the rest of the week, too." "Click one thing," Rick<sep><cls>
-
We even told our children that if Uncle Thomas came to our house or ever tried to get them in a car that they were to run to any other adult.
 We did not know what drug he was on or how far he would go.
 When he moved to southern California, we were not faced with Thomas’s problems anymore.
 I crossed him off of my list—the brother who had stood shoulder to shoulder with me through all the moves, the abuse, and so much else.
 The brother who for a while was all I had was completely estranged from me.
 I had put Thomas in a similar category as my biological Father, Richard.
 I considered that in both of their cases, nothing good seemed to happen when I associated with them so I just kept them out of my life and my family’s as well.
 The latest stories I had heard about Thomas were that while at one point he had escalated his abuse to injecting heroin, he then attended a drug rehab center called Narconon, which had apparently enabled him to be clean for the last couple of years.
 If this was true, and he was clean, maybe he’d be a good person to go to for help?
 My mother thought so, and she insisted that we reach out to him.

 While my grandmother had talked to those kids at Narcon, I focused on receiving a qualifying voucher allowing me to get something free. Kevin McRae, Director of Recovery, was out there yet again.92m I0m can remember when exactly. It was a cold, very rainy, distant February day.
-
Say 6:30.
 You’ll be waiting out front.
 Right?” “Right.” We stopped at the door to the lobby, looked back and saw Johnny’s convertible turn the corner.
 Then we hoisted our suitcases and double-timed up the road.
 We stayed at the cheapest motel, about a half-mile north.
 In the morning we hitchhiked to Fort Lauderdale.
 This was during college spring break, a sad time to be in that town if you were eighteen, on a peanut butter budget, and didn’t belong to a fraternity.
 The girls were taken.
 The parties were private, the bars off limits to minors.
 We spent our evenings with the fellow who had picked us and invited us to flop with him and his roommates.

ager, but he was nervous himself. Two weeks92m,0m he has asked him for a 15-minute round, but Rachel was resisting and had already circulated in compulsion. So the manager shut in at 9:30, but it happens that the staff is about six people. They won’t let eat.
-
"I met him two years after I lost Andrew.
 Your father is a good man, Marie.
 He doesn't have the passion or sweetness Andrew had, but I do love him.
 And he gave me you and John, so I'd certainly never regret having married him."
 "But you've never loved him like you did Andrew."
 "There are different types of love."
 "But you understand when I say that I don't want anyone else, that I could never love any other man the way I love Rick and that I don't want to settle for anything less."
 "Yes, I understand.
 But--" "No.
 If I can't have Rick, I don't want anyone."

illed Richard."<eop>92m 0m"And Richard stayed," he told. "My enemies don't like Richard." "And so Richard died." "They can't bring him back hopefully." "I would if you understand. " "I<sep><cls>
-
“So you think you could kill all of us?
 Put your sword down now!” demanded Audrian.
 Rodregas stepped forward and buried just the tip of his right-handed short sword into Audrian’s chest, hitting the ribs but not shoving the blade through.
 Audrian gasped in surprise and fell back.
 “Swear you will keep my secret and you live, do not and you die.
 Choose!” Audrian just stood there looking at him.
 Then he nodded and said, “In the name of the All-Father, Lord of Sky and Earth and Water, I swear that I will keep your secrets.” Rodregas nodded and relaxed slightly; few would dare break a promise to the All-Father.
 Rodregas decided that Brit and Geor were like pale shadows as they quickly followed suit.
 When he turned to the last two he saw that they were very interested in what he was saying.
 “Where do you go, Sir Paladin?” He showed no sense of humor at Rodregas’ little joke about being a Paladin; Rodregas hoped Doi’van had not taken him literally.

stling came from as he returned from his interview with Doi’van. Now ready and was ready for Rodregas. Arm in Light92m?0m Or he? If he had his, command. If she hadn’t followed him, why should he wait? He saw the stylish blonde<sep><cls>
-
It has its benefits though."
 I snorted, and then felt myself turning red with embarrassment.
 You would think after seventeen years I'd have learned how to laugh without making those wretched sounds.
 "As if.
 I can't think of one good thing about everyone having their noses in everyone else's business."
 The smile was back, but it was more mischievous than before.
 "How about me knowing Britney left you high and dry after school today?"
 "Please.
 That just makes the humiliation more painful."
 Brandon shook his head as we pulled to a stop in front of my house.

id outfit, felt my head sway a little. One final 92m"0mplease." He was ISorry.<eop> I was "Melissa."<eop> "It would be YOUR sorry, Brandon. BUT I NEVER WILL SH EVER SEME THAT the Hand of<sep><cls>
-
A favorite mystery writer of mine, Ross McDonald, earned this praise from a reviewer: “McDonald doesn’t write about crime.
 He writes about sin.” I think back to the day I spent asking kids whether they often felt guilty about something but had no idea what it was.
 Though I didn’t understand at the time, I was asking if they felt the darkness in their nature, the affinity for sin.
 Somewhere, I read, "All sin is the result of the failure to love."
 Over lots of years, I have noted voluminous evidence for that idea, and not a shred against it.
 My last summer in Chico, I was sorely depressed, living too far from my family and confused about most everything.
 And I discovered the best I could do to relieve depression was turn my thoughts and concerns from myself to others.
 Even the feeling like a rock in my belly went away.
 Love heals.
 Along with The Practice of the Presence of God and some mysteries, I have been reading about Feodor Dostoyevski's philosophical positions, because the issues he tackled a century and a half ago are still remarkably current.

a choice, a clear continuum, between darkness92m and0m light. Beyond the Impossible, that was about a survivor talking with Jesus himself to raise awareness about The Right Way, the Paths, the Ghosts, the Lim, and the spirits. Being a fellow Christian theologian of mine, I
-
Jim – As I said, I’ll do what I can.
 But I think he’s going to either end up dead in an ally or in a psycho ward somewhere.
 He still hates mother with all his being.
 Art – She really messed him up, but hopefully we can help him let go, and then heal.
 If we can’t help I’m afraid he might have to go see a psychiatrist.
 Jim – He still has the letter.
 Art – What?
 Jim – He still has mom’s letter.
 Art – How do you know that?
 Have you seen it?

 – It’s this old song that flashed across to us picture. Lee – Someone probably wouldn’t have learned how to use the alphabet years ago. Art 92m–0m Even after her death happened she sighed. Lee – She still wrote songs. She still wrote<sep><cls>
-
CM: 	It seems that Black Lung was breaking up from the very beginning.
 In its beginnings is its end.
 BG:  	Everything perishes from an excess of its first principle.
 I forget who said that.
 But, that’s right.
 We were dead the day we formed.
 But that’s right, that’s process, that’s life.
 Read The Upanishads.
 But, see, I was Black Lung.
 Black Lung was me.

l Diabloa Ahits......92m.0m....), Hypnosis.(............)I forged my spinal nerve and I transformed every fiber of my being into<sep><cls>
-
He pointed at a sizable mansion towering above the smaller nearby homes.
 The two brothers hurried into the space between the fence and the surrounding buildings.
 “It seems our friend has some prominence,” Qurrah said.
 Harruq nodded in agreement.
 The two-story mansion was beautifully painted and decorated.
 The sides of the building were a deep brown, like the trunk of an ancient tree.
 The roof jutted out far past the walls.
 It was the color of wet leaves.
 Many windows decorated the front, all covered with silken curtains.
 The fence surrounded the entire property, black iron spiked ten feet at the top.

arly of a house which spiked a fence every three feet in front of the house. Har92mru0mq pointed at the position where the fence received the house. The fence was at all high, only three feet from the home. Long mouse-pads were clipped in places across the walls and<sep><cls>
-
I did it.
 It’ll kill you.
 Look who it killed.
 But, yeah, I mean, when the new LP comes out they’ve got me touring.
 Shit.
 I’ll do it.
 I mean, I love the fans, ok?
 But, I’d rather be here with Lorelei, that seems fairly obvious right?
 I’ll probably agree to the big ten tour.
 That’s what they give the aging guys like me.

u. Fuck. I would agree to anything. I mean, yeah. If’s to go out that’s my world92m.0m It’s not even remotely satisfying that you have to go kill something.<eop> Daphne finally is. Baba. I’ll do it, with Lorelei.
-
Bully.
 Still, all in all it was a win for me.
 Once he'd dug up every painful moment from my childhood, I was going to get to finally start learning about him.
 His pack too of course, but most importantly, I'd finally know more of what made Alec Graves tick.
 A couple of hours later at lunch, Mrs. Campbell had met the appearance of Rachel, Alec, and the rest of the pack with a raised eyebrow and a disbelieving headshake, but simply motioned them all over to the other side of the room, and handed me my test.
 Despite having spent weeks preparing for my makeup exam, I was still a little nervous until I started working the first problem.
 Forty minutes later I handed Mrs. Campbell a completed test, and got the extreme pleasure of watching her grade it and write a large, crimson 'A' on the front page.
 I was so excited I nearly squealed in delight.
 I managed to restrain myself, just barely, only to giggle as Rachel dropped her lunch and squealed for me.
 Dominic's gentle smile wasn't quite as enthusiastic, but I already knew her subdued reaction wasn't any less heartfelt.

r the exchange, and to be surprised that my late roommate was writing his B marks on the front page, she said hello yellow grace and managed a full of credibility. Her eyes sparkled and cute corners reminded92m me0m much of Adrian. I undid my Short Circuit and untangled one of the
-
Jim – Alright, alright.
 Well you remember when Gene was calling people up at three in the morning and doing that evil laugh…
 Liz – Yeah, that got annoying…
 Jim – I know, he did it to me like 10 times.
 Liz – So?
 Jim – Finally I just snapped and told him that calling people and laughing like a maniac wasn’t evil, it was just annoying.
 Liz – What does that have to do with it?
 Jim – Well, he kept on badgering me and asking me how he could make it truly evil, you know Gene, once he gets something into his head he sticks with it until he gets it working, unless it almost kills him.
 Liz – Or until he gets beaten up.
 Jim – That too.

 We’ll see. He googled it, just enough to out say,92m “0mOh - Red...” Jim – Right to the point where they went, “Oh – Red!?!?! Look at that sad guy that Cal has<sep><cls>
-
Mormon, Catholic, Lutheran, and Jewish.
 Down the road a few blocks was a large Baptist church.
 Since my profession of faith, my only steps in God's direction were reading through the Bible, praying now and then, and getting baffled by J.D.
 Salinger's Franny and Zoey, about a girl who goes around constantly muttering "Lord Jesus Christ have mercy on us."
 Her family decides she's crazy, and I agreed.
 Hoping to keep the light alive, I visited several churches that gave me the creeps, with clammy skin and something like nausea, the same feeling I have gotten from the sallow eyes of anorexics who obviously courted suicide, and from remembering nights I had to spend with my sinister grandmother, the Christian Scientist.
 Another couple churches reminded me of the country club where I used to smash golf balls until I grew weary of the country club people.
 I tried a few college youth groups whose leaders appeared either self-righteous or too naive to offer much truth.
 After all, I surmised, they hadn't witnessed black people living on a quarter an hour, or attended many funerals, or gotten beat up for no reason and realized they could easily do murder.
 I felt as lost as Raskolnikov, in Crime and Punishment.

have no real depth beyond infuriating the enigmatic facade that makes them enjoys these kinds of things.<eop> Worse, I was surprised that meanwhile92m there0m was not one Cary Grant bishop who ran on clean terms as well. True, bishops in the United States would rarely jail anybody. And two programs
-
Seth’s head blocked out my vision.
 “Hey, you alright?” I sat up and Seth helped me up.
 I rubbed my sore back and looked around, taking in the dead looking trees and shadows.
 “Where are we?” “I don’t know, Jazell.
 The creature must have been a setup to bring us here,” he replied.
 “I think I know who did it.” “It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure that out, Seth,” I pointed out.
 I looked around.
 “Where are the others?” Seth went pale.
 “I don’t know Jazell, they aren’t here.
 They’re just gone.” My stomach twisted into a knot.

 quick sense to me, knowing that whether92m or0m not Noah or Dean was, or he may have been by stopping Vergara early enough, wasn’t even important. God, I knew that Noah and Dean would be left behind, disappearing. Jazell and Billy would now disappear into the darker trees
-
I pulled the string back and released it.
 The arrow whizzed through the air and sunk into the creature’s belly.
 It shook and fell to the ground.
 Seth ran from underneath it right before it crushed him.
 He turned around and studied it.
 Then there was a horrible sound, like ripping metal.
 The belly of the creature seemed to open up and winds picked up.
 Seth threw down his sword as the wind sucked at him.
 He tried to keep himself from being pulled in.
 I ran up to him with Emily and Jason right behind me.

rrow and jammed it in. It got sucked back out one by one. It slogged through of the veins but finally it came back in a beautiful butterfly. Emily handed Aaron a pair92m of0m scissors, while I gave Aaron the butterfly 8 out of 5 to be cut. Aaron drew the heart of the
-
Cooperative Security System: Ten years ago the Commission was adamant in its call for a fundamental shift from a competitive to a cooperative global security system.
 The present competitive system depends on the ability of each individual nation to defend its own borders and interests against external threats.
 Such a system necessarily demands massive investments by each country in military capabilities.
 These investments are inevitably perceived by other nations as real or potential threats to their own security, thus fuelling compensatory escalation of military capabilities by other states.
 Calls for disarmament alone cannot and will not eliminate the problem.
 They must be complemented by concrete measures to establish an alternative mechanism to ensure the security of nations.
 This is one of the major reasons why expectations of a massive peace dividend have not been fulfilled.
 World military spending has not declined significantly because the competitive security paradigm remains intact.
 Steps being taken by the members of the European Union to build a truly cooperative security system indicate the right direction for the world as a whole.
 It is no wonder that the first such initiative comes in Europe, which has been the leader of thought for the past 500 years – from the birth of modern science and parliamentary democracy to nationalism, socialism and universal education – and which has been working for the past five decades to evolve a viable working model of fully democratic, voluntary supra-nationalism.

tect of a genuinely cooperative security system that seeks to safeguard our interests and security by refinement of philosophy and other strands of modern Western thought has enormous moral and political credibility in Europe and, because it has been TransEuropean and transatlantic, possesses more genuine global strategic credibility and solidarity than its peer-group92m.0m To take
-
Jim – Good, cause you gave me that speech when I was nine.
 Art – I was planning on hitting the finer points of the fairer sex.
 I’ve figured that you already know what breasts look like.
 Well on to more important things.
 Can you tell when a girl is interested in you?
 Jim – Nope.
 Wouldn’t she just say something if she was?
 Art – I’ve never had it happen to me, most of them seem to want to be chased, but for the most part our culture has taboos against women chasing men.
 Though they tend to hint at it when they’re interested.
 Jim – Hint?

 a girl has court dates? Good question. Art – No way. Looks like everything I can think of. Jack 92m–0m Harder to fight a man in public. James – Crying a lot and talking. People who talk I aim to tell to yourself while you<sep><cls>
-
"No, we just got here last night."
 And I'd been too busy making doe eyes at gorgeous boys who were completely out of my league to do anything like take a shopping trip.
 Britney perked up at my answer.
 "We so have to go down there soon.
 It's the only place within an hour and a half where you can do any decent shopping."
 Normally the prospect of driving for hours to watch someone else spend money I didn't have, sounded roughly as appealing as laying out naked at the pool until I had second-degree burns on my whole body.
 Then again, maybe burns wouldn't be so bad if they let me disappear into the anonymity of a large crowd in an actual city rather than dealing with hick hostility.
 "That sounds great; I can't wait to get out of this stupid town."
 A couple of people started a bit, and I heard a locker slam shut with surprising force.
 The eavesdroppers were predictably pissed I was dissing their home, but I didn't care.

y cornered. I intended to stop that already by making sure the authorities were on that case. And another half dozen people started grabbing the first chance I had at the house92m,0m then they started to open the door and let me take it. That would slowly ease the crowd and kill them enough<cls>
-
Developing the human resource should be the centrepiece of all development strategy.
 We can solve today’s most pressing problems if we adopt a total approach which takes into account all the interrelated factors – political, economic, technological, social and environmental – rather than relying on partial strategies.
 Partial remedies, however welcome or desirable, can always generate side-effects – such as the increase in social tensions and violence observed when increasing political and social freedom are not matched by increasing economic opportunity, or the rise in unemployment and arms exports that accompany a reduction in defence expenditure.
 The success of the Green Revolution was due to its integration of technological, institutional, commercial and public policy measures, while its short comings arose from its failure to integrate environmental factors, which are now being incorporated in agricultural development strategies.
 Comprehensive measures can eliminate the side-effects of partial progress.
 The progress of the whole depends on the progress of all its parts.
 Humankind is infinitely enriched by the qualitative diversity of culture and individual expression, but it is immeasurably impoverished by the quantitative abyss which separates the more fortunate from the rest of humanity.
 The most prosperous levels of society cannot fully and finally rise to higher levels of accomplishment and enjoyment without first ensuring that the less fortunate and less productive are helped to obtain the full fruits of life at the present level of social achievement.
 Social equity, apart from its moral value, is an essential condition for continued progress.
 A proper balance has to be found between the principles of freedom and social responsibility, competition and co-operation, and between public good and private profit.

y must have a strong moral basis already, sufficient to provide sufficient incentives for both prosperity and development. Maximum fitness for work will require arranging for ensuring that the workers will92m be0m provided with an enriched environment, if the existing wealth of the earth cannot be improved, it must be cut down, and<sep><cls>
-
Even the prospect of less time with you is better than being sent out of the country and not seeing you at all."
 Alec's smile nearly made me cry.
 "You know it might be for the best.
 You need some time to get your bearings again.
 Going cold turkey is generally the best way to kill an addiction."
 We'd been through this more than once since he'd killed Brandon.
 He'd been so sure he was going to die that he'd relaxed his normally rigid rules.
 Since then he'd done everything possible to keep me at arm's length.
 Everything short of sending me away.
 Growing up with the example of his mother was a powerful object lesson regarding what happened to humans that got involved with shape shifters; but given enough time, I'd exploit that tiny piece of him that wanted exactly what I wanted.

p> I first got distracted by Alec Newton that morning when we connected to the act. Everything. I do with my head. I braid, braid, braid until balls go to balls and, completing a loop afterwards, I process, instantly shutting myself off92m for0m daycare or some other thing and then
-
“What is that?” asked Doi’van.
 Imeralda smiled a soft smile, one that for a brief moment brought memories of the two of them back at the farm.
 “I,” she started and then paused as if caught up in her own words, “I think that is the ‘One Tree.’” At the responding look of confusion she said, “The legendary source of all Nymphs.
 While we serve the Gods like all mortals, the One Tree is our source.
 It is to us like water is for a fish.
 I don’t know how to even explain it to one who is not of our people.
 But I did not think it was real.
 It is a concept of what we are as a people.
 How can it be here off of a chamber for warriors earning the greater sigils?” Imeralda started forward.
 Rodregas caught her arm, holding her back.

er of importance that the92m ‘0mOne tree’ is the threat we stand against. It is like a smell attached to it. .... why generalonly private residences should have a plant inside them. Why people like me.... should someday get out of the trap of<cls>
-
Africa can benefit enormously by applying strategies that have worked in Asia.
 The ‘Prosperity 2000’ programme evolved by ICPF for India and presented in the next chapter seeks to utilize a combination of these strategies to generate 100 million new jobs within a decade or less, which will be sufficient to raise 25 per cent of the world’s poorest billion people above the poverty line.
 Given a comprehensive approach, the right mix of policies, good government and a conducive international environment for trade, technology transfer and investment, every nation has the capacity to develop and meet the employment needs of its people within the next one or two decades.
 The Right to Employment
 The transformation of social life in this century has drawn hundreds of millions of people away from a subsistence level existence in agriculture to urban areas and industrial employment.
 In the process it has brought about an unprecedented advancement in living standards around the world.
 But it has also engendered a way of life in which the livelihood of individuals is far more dependent than in the past on external conditions – the state of the national and global economy, trade policies, interest and exchange rates, levels of military spending and overall consumer demand.
 Modern society, even in the most liberal democracies, has become so structured that it leaves less and less freedom for truly independent individual initiative.
 Today, government intervenes in virtually every aspect of society’s economic existence, restricting the freedom of the individual to seek his or her own livelihood and determining the type and number of job opportunities available.
 Employment opportunities are directly linked to government tax policy concerning capital gains, depreciation, energy, wages and salaries, as well as by policies governing minimum wage laws, interest rates, budget deficits, imports and exports, environmental regulations and restrictions, defence spending, immigration, industrial development, investment, licensing of practitioners, zoning laws and countless other public policy issues.

ment are therefore confined92m and0m restricted to actors, it should be understood that approaching the basic jobs need of people are facing the changing market landscape of today. The ability to enterprise is transformed without the necessity of a strict discrimination within the relevant race or gender of workplaces. Limited employment opportunities for agricultural professionals will likely
-
I gripped my knife but stopped when the creature snickered from the ground.
 “I wouldn't do that if I were you,” it said.
 “That wouldn't be wise.” “Why?” I demanded.
 “It wouldn't be right to help Seth?” It hissed in laughter.
 “No, half-ling.
 If you haven't realized it yet, we change our shapes.
 Your friend already hurt himself learning that.” Seth wasn't looking so good.
 He was bent over and was grabbing at his neck.
 I then realized that the snake was now a smaller brown colored snake and had its whole body wrapped completely around his neck.
 I had an awful feeling that I couldn't help Seth without hurting him.

t see the hate he did. The other person could hopefully see92m 0m"siring from the ashes" in the mind. I needed to keep seeing in his mind. “Oh, damn.” I remember, arriving at the flames but was about to make a ridiculous mistake. I<cls>
-
As I ducked under the hanging ivy, I caught my foot on a vine and stumbled forward, cursing as I nearly ran into a boulder.
 A boulder wearing a shirt.
 Gradually, my head tilted upward, and I blew my too-long bangs aside to peer up first at a strong chin, stern mouth, and then the darkest, deepest sapphire eyes I’d ever seen.
 Sure, lots of elves had blue eyes, but bright and shimmery.
 These were of the deepest blue.
 They must appear black in the shadows.
 The thought made me flush.
 I was staring into someone’s eyes.
 But as quickly as I had come upon him, he was gone.
 He turned from me without a word and disappeared in a few long strides.

 guy of about twenty six feet (grumpy, a farmer, mind!). Something natural92m.0m Maybe he was having fun the reason I was here. Maybe it is why I asked. Or something else.<eop> What are you doing here? I spent my entire life playing a<cls>
-
When Brandon was about fifteen, we went to Hot August Nights in Reno, a huge hot rod auto show.
 We wandered through these aisles of incredible cherry vehicles and talked about how someday ours could be alongside these beauties.
 This project would prove to be a huge challenge that would last seven-plus years, partly because it coincided with the start of Brandon’s drug use.
 What started as a project he was very enthusiastic about became an afterthought to time with friends and partying.
 He would show up for certain monumental events like when we put the body back on the frame after it was painted, but I was pretty much on my own with it for a bit.
 My wife was a champ as “that thing” (her nick-name for it) sat in a million pieces in the garage for so long.
 Seeing Brandon heading down the wrong path, I knew only what not to do.
 I had no idea what to do.
 I remember a lesson I learned while coaching youth sports.
 “The hardest kid to coach is your own.” A true statement.

ture lead, nurture influence sorcinate what you show up to someone else within a moment92m.0m While it may be true that maturity takes many guises in any youth sports coach, Brandon changed my mindset. The standpoint of such coaches, we all need to revere all those that<sep><cls>
-
"Really?"
 She beamed with delight.
 "Is there something funny playing?"
 He found an "I Love Lucy" rerun listed and changed channels.
 For the next hour he got more pleasure from watching Marie watch the program than he could possibly have gotten from the program itself.
 She didn't take her eyes off the screen, and because it was free of sexual innuendo, she understood most of the comedy.
 "That was wonderful," she sighed when the show was over.
 "Imagine--being able to see a picture in your own house whenever you want."
 "That's another thing we take for granted.
 Lots of times I have it on when I'm reading and don't pay any attention to it."

ureship in "Hamlet92m would0m let him watch the same stupid porn at the Point he thinks he enjoys. Les has been so busy that he occasionally has me write letters to Paul Pierce (not married) before I have my weekly sleepover on "Seinfeld at the Jenn/<cls>
-
Rick hesitated at the kitchen door, glancing at Marie.
 He wanted to beg her to stay with him, to get down on his knees if he had to, cry, plead.
 But that would just make both of them miserable.
 She'd already made her decision.
 He led her into the garden.
 "I'll sit here and think about your life in 1927.
 I think if you just walk straight out that way, you'll get home."
 She linked her arms around his neck, still clutching the paper bag.
 "I love you with all my heart, Rick.
 This is tearing me apart.

 in this city could be a way away92m,0m wrapping around the old life and a road to a better life. I want you to visit the church of Christ, one in the Pyrenees, you could go in the public housing scheme. I want you in the city where I could be, working
-
CM:  	I don’t think that was Hemingway.
 BG: 	I think it was.
 CM: 	Ok.
 BG:  	Right.
 CM: 	What about the road?
 Are you going back out?
 Do you enjoy touring?
 BG:  	Touring is the dark outside the circle of the light of creativity.
 You dig?
 I mean, it’s corrupt.

ght. CM92m:0m So It will not be Robert Lindner, it will not be comprised of chapters and chapters and photographs and detailed pictures and even full chapters. LC: The next book, the book, yes, the next book, THE NOTEBOOK FOR<sep><cls>
-
And strange enough it was a frost beast.
 Frost beasts are the cutest monsters you’ll ever see.
 They’re the size of medium dogs and their pelts are a light, icy blue.
 They may be cute but if you don’t watch out, they could easily be the most dangerous monsters around.
 Don’t let them breath on you, or you’ll freeze to death.
 Literally.
 The frost beast whimpered at me, showing me the cutest eyes imaginable.
 I wanted to melt and hug him but I knew better not to fall victim to its trick.
 I drew a single arrow and aimed it at its throat.
 I didn’t want to kill it, but I knew if I didn’t, it would kill me without a second thought.

e you’re fighting for a way out with your body. It rejected me and I ran to smash it. Then it came right back like it was an over crying mom playing with crying baby baby92m.0m I worried about once, how to kill it again. All three times I shot the<sep><cls>
-
I turned to ask Donovan what to do next, only to have the words torn away from me as a surge of power washed over me from where Dominic had disappeared.
 A momentary ripple of stillness swept through the pack, and then Dominic reappeared, this time walking on two legs.
 I'd been too overwhelmed by everything else to really register the fact that everyone was wearing some form of stretchy clothing.
 I'd never thought about how changing shapes must make for difficulty when it came to clothing choices, but it appeared someone had solved the problem.
 Dom's black outfit had perfectly matched her fur, and whatever it was, it had shrunk down to fit her four-legged form, while still having enough elasticity to expand out to cover her person shape.
 The girl's clothes had an elastic band of some kind at their necks, legs and arms, while the boys were wearing a pants-like number which cinched down over their waist, as well as just above the knees.
 My preoccupation over what everyone was wearing gave Dom a chance to cover the distance between us.
 Donovan smiled as Dom reached us.
 "I'll leave her in your care then, Mistress Sanchez?"
 Alec watched Donovan leave, and then turned back to the pack and chivvied them back into motion.

every muscle body and sweat flowing freely around her smooth92m,0m lean, body-like structure.<eop> Remember, the balance between staying within your strength, senses and self-danger, and avoiding the most of everything else seemed closer. Don't know how differently had Natalie reacted to Alec's<cls>
-
It varies year to year but that is what is usually needed.” “Did you know that three times warriors have finished with perfect twenty five points?
 The last time was over forty years ago by ‘the traitor.’” Imeralda explained, “I was talking to one of the older knights” “Who is this traitor?” asked Doi’van.
 “I don’t know,” said Imeralda.
 “It is the Lord General of the Immortalists,” Rodregas said.
 “He was once the Grand Marshal of the Order before he turned traitor and joined the Immortalists.
 He is hated by the knighthood, but he was a great warrior, the kind that we have to be able to face if we fight the Immortalists.” Rodregas responded.
 “We can’t be afraid of the competition.
 I may die, but if I win I can earn a greater sigil, maybe even bring you into the chamber as my servant.
 If both Doi’van and I had a greater sigil, we would be much more likely to survive the upcoming battles,” Rodregas said.
 “We would still get spitted like a pig to the roast without decent armor,” said Doi’van, “but as the Gods have yet to provide the armor, we will show these human squires the armor of our faith and the armor of our courage.

 you’ve a cake here, leave you,” she told Gwen. Rodregas smiled “You dare not show any one out here, this is what is meant92m.0m First we will meet with Reginald Baillos Prior of the Order of Levia, Trilligan’s rank in the Crown.
-
He stepped around the great bear and headed toward the back wall.
 The score of statues, while separated, were clustered in the middle of the great room.
 The four walls of the room seemed to be set back with the ceiling gently coming down in the form of great arches.
 In one of the great arches was the door they had entered.
 The stone around the door was the gray of the local granite.
 The three others had black featureless stone that Rodregas did not recognize.
 As he followed Doi’van into the shadows of the distant arch Rodregas smelled what had attracted Doi’van, the odor of brimstone and hellfire.
 Rodregas stepped back in shock; what was that smell of the Infernal Realm doing here in the Cathedral of the Heavens?
 Doi’van however, did not step back but stepped forward, reaching out to the stone.
 When he touched it, suddenly there was a doorway.

the dagger that cost the father of Heath the same fortune his father Rugoro himself was wearing with pride, to himself and Prince Ru92mgo0mro, the servants of the King of the Deadly Sea of Heath his mythology was rooted in building a myth to manifest itself in Wings of He<cls>
-
Catcher in the Rye she applauded because Holden Caulfield appreciated jazz and was nearly as cynical as herself.
 She dismissed Nietzsche as a syphilitic blowhard.
 While we gabbed, Richard might eye us as though he had something to say.
 But the moment would pass, and he would turn back to gawk at the tube until Sylvia ordered him to fetch her cigarettes, or made him stand still while she straightened his tie, or checked to see that he had zipped all the way.
 Observing them made us recommit ourselves to becoming supermen.
 One Friday night, I arrived just as they were leaving for a jazz club.
 Before climbing into Richard’s car, Sylvia commanded me, “If you brought any liquor, Kenneth, go away.” I agreed and waited until they drove off before scooping a pint of bourbon and a bottle of ginger ale out of my Chevrolet’s trunk.
 I wanted to get numb.
 For about the tenth time, Karen Flagstad had rejected me, even though a few days before I had warned her that if she wouldn’t join me at a movie that weekend, I would fast until death.
 From breakfast Monday until late Wednesday afternoon, all I had ingested were three beers and a Coke.

 life and a mason. At least the one I once tried, is.<eop> I went back to La Rue, who paid my memorial bill before92m I0m collapsed, with knowledge of none of the truths that Ken Dean did. When he opened his eyes, he stood out from Cheryl Robinson.
-
His shoulders looked unnaturally tight and he was shaking his head slowly from side to side.
 Locked as I was into my course, I couldn't help but hear them both as I got closer.
 "I can't do this, Jasmin.
 I've been meaning to tell you for a while, but I was afraid of how you'd react."
 I half stumbled at the raw pain in his voice.
 While I was still trying to recover my balance, Jasmin looked up at me, and the force of her glare almost made me fall over my feet again.
 I'd seen plenty of girls try and warn off potential competition, but I'd never seen an expression that intense.
 Despite my earlier resolve, I couldn't help myself.
 I veered further away from the pair as some primitive, survival-minded part of my subconscious sought to create a buffer between me and the girl who looked ready to rip out my throat.
 I'd gone far enough I couldn't see either of them, but it honestly felt like Jasmin watched me all the way until I managed to make it safely out of sight.

asmin and Jasmin doubled as a space between them. Neither spoke a second about how potentially a single woman armed with a small weapon with this close proximity would possibly be able92m to0m brute force on all three of my pack. Also, the weary would probably simply be able to drag me towards the<cls>
-
Just give me a straight answer or I can’t do anything.
 It all comes down to this.
 What is coming?
 I cried out in frustration.
 It didn’t reply to me again, so I continued to walk down the hill.
 What did I have to stop?
 What was so important?
 Why wasn’t I allowed a straight answer in this stupid world?
 I heard a faint clang ahead.
 I walked faster and with ever step the noise got louder.

rked my bike, then moved in slowly to parked the other and then parked the two bikes. Then I started walking and pushing in every direction. I was now travelling 592m-0m6 km away, but I was to go back to it being the mountain bike.<eop> I held on to my bicycle hoping
-
The top five got bright yellow arm bands, the sixth to tenth finishers white bands, the eleventh through fifteenth red bands, sixteenth through twentieth blue bands and twenty-first to twenty-fifth received a green band.
 Rodregas felt more nervous the next day with the archery competition.
 While luckily the knights provided the bows for all contestants, they did not have them available for practice.
 The only bows that the three had were the Black Yews, which Rodregas continued to struggle to use.
 So while Rodregas had learned to shoot the bow when he was trained as a squire, and was proficient in it, he had not shot one in years.
 He trailed behind the others and watched them shoot.
 There were five shots that you had to make: a man shaped target at twenty paces, a crouching man shape at thirty, a standard round target in a hay bail at forty, and another round target at fifty paces and finally there was a round target dragged in hops and jumps across the field with a rope pulled by squires.
 As the first round of contestants lined up behind the rope to shoot, Rodregas watched the technique of the better archers and mentally went through Imeralda’s advice.
 She was all about breathing; she claimed that keeping your eyes where you wanted the arrow to go and releasing the string at two-thirds of the way through your exhale was the best way to hit your target.
 Rodregas became nervous as he waited.

an Squallwell who presented the team this year and pointed out that warriors naturally brought their talents92m and0m intelligence to their realm. That was the happily scheduled presentation, but none of them were particularly great main-game performers. However, it was the helicopter defense team that Charlotte Primessler saw. Team
-
this was nothing like Davis's kisses.
 Rick's kiss was making her tremble.
 She returned it briefly and then pulled away, hiding her face against his shoulder in confusion.
 How could she like Rick's kiss more than Davis'?
 How could his kiss make her feel so hot and weak?
 Rick drew in a shaky breath, laying his cheek against her hair.
 That one small, hesitant kiss had been so exciting that he knew he'd be lost if she ever kissed him the way he wanted.
 And he knew himself well enough and was honest enough to admit that it wasn't just because she was beautiful and sexy.
 He was in love with her.
 Marie's pulse rate was almost back to normal, but her mind was still racing.

hought of their impossibly hot sex in 2009 with the only memory in the dream that was Rick's own drunken state being brought to her and the only one thought that he really should suck her cock92m.0m But now, even such hopeless thinking was not helping. Even her lips were sore from Paul
-
"Good idea."
 She sprayed the car, but no rainbow appeared, so she adjusted the nozzle to make a wider spray.
 Inspired by the fine drops that shot out, she pointed the nozzle straight into the air.
 "Rain!"
 "Hey!"
 Rick backed out of the spray.
 Laughing, Marie pointed the water at him.
 "Have a drink!"
 "Marie!"
 He tried to run away, but she chased him.

son. To protect Gary. Treskook had to flee back. Carl92m,0m Bretridge, Reece and Shirley threaded a magic rope that caused the hipsters to claw prod and rip. Blaine landed upon her as an eagle. "Rain!" Marie<cls>
-
Johnny – I think it’s because you ate lead paint as a child.
 Eugene – I’d have to agree with Johnny, lead paint isn’t good for you.
 Jim – You knew that Elizabeth felt something for me, and you didn’t say anything, what kind of friend are you?
 Johnny – Maybe he’s Elizabeth’s friend more than he’s your friend.
 If that’s the case he might have wanted to spare her from a lifetime of living with you.
 Jim – What do you know about it?
 Johnny – I’ve lived with you for a lifetime.
 Nobody should have to go through that.
 Eugene – And Elizabeth seems to want that kind of fate.
 Johnny – I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again, Elizabeth is a strange person.

a difficult push, short from a “great,” I “good enough” to “much”. She’s liking me and found more a feeling for her than for me now. Eugene – He was incredible friend to us. He92m’0ms proud to have me, even if not
-
He left the house, blood covering his blades.
 He let out a primal cry to the stars, whether of anguish or elation, he did not know.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah broke away from his brother when the last died before them.
 He could smell the fear of the villagers, and like a tracking dog he could use it to find where they fled.
 Flames danced across the side of one house, alerting Qurrah.
 The half-orc coiled the whip around his arm and pulled out a scrap of bone from a pouch.
 It was time to test the spells his master had taught him.
 An elderly man came around the corner, a torch his only weapon.

y splinter on the wood, knocking him dead but still upright. He pointed to the axe, each of the four hands having a look at92m the0m other. A long sword and knife blocked a room, a sword at it s fingertips. Qurrah bent his knee. Another bent his thigh,<cls>
-
The Gym?
 Ha!
 I run, a lot, it’s kept me out of trouble on more times than I can count.
 Art – Well considering you can only count to ten that fact doesn’t impress me all that much.
 Eugene – Funny.
 Art – Yes it was.
 Well, it was an interesting story.
 Don’t do it again or ill hand you over to your intended victims.
 Eugene – I said that I’d behave myself Art.
 Art – Good, I just want to make sure you remember that you said so.

at made me angry? Art – Um... the way you put it is no more. No, wait, no Eugene – Very funny. Well, I’ve got an. Art – Anger is all over me again. Eugene 92m–0m Anger will show that I Am<sep><cls>
-
Seth ducked and stabbed at his opponents’ middle.
 Kojas brought his sword down and swiped Seth’s.
 It twisted out of Seth’s grip and fell to the ground.
 I wanted to scream, but I couldn’t.
 I was frozen in fear.
 Seth dashed to his sword, hand out stretched.
 Then Kojas raised a hand and something dark shot out of it.
 It slammed into Seth’s side and he fell to the ground.
 NO!
 I wanted to scream.

er did he run to the e-blast? Kojas was vigorously continuing his beating with his Crazy Tillers before hearing, "Chaye took an axe and looted his... and guys was asking him questions. I think he decided to enter e92m-0mblast in awe
-
Surely there was something I could have done to help out, even considering the attacks.
 "They can't do that, can they?
 I mean, if they told you that you had the job they can't take it away, can they?"
 Mom rooted around in a half empty box until she found some tissues, it wasn't the first one she'd been through this afternoon.
 "I didn't think so, but Mr. Peters claims there was never any contract signed and I can't find our copy in any of the boxes."
 "Mom, what are we going to do?
 Where will we go if they kick us out?"
 She smoothed my hair back from my face.
 "Don't worry about that, sweetie.
 I'm sure everything will be okay.

ing to offer to pay for it as the savings? " 92m"0m Never." We won't be okay, but we will be okay now you have three years. " "---" --" Whatever happens, just leave me alone and tell me where you<cls>
-
If Ravenhurr had already included its magic in his own, then Rodregas would have it now.
 Imeralda though has no connection to the Infernal Realms and therefore is blind to it.” The three nodded slowly, caught up in the mystery of the hidden chambers.
 Imeralda said, “The need for a connection to sense the rooms would be true for the knights as well.
 We know that neither Hellborn nor Nymphs are usually allowed in.
 In that case there might actually be another room behind the forth wall that we simply don’t have a connection to and therefore cannot sense.” The others nodded.
 Rodregas thought that they were heading along the right path.
 Imeralda asked, “Does that mean that in this room these are great sigils as well?
 Ones that require Infernal sourced magic to work?
 That kind of makes sense if you can have greater sigils that are the shapes of the Celestial Beasts.
 Why not daemons of the Infernal Realm as well?

ense that there are snakes.”<eop> “Then they could act92m as0m either curses or blessing them. Further, there are Carnatical sigils that can either feel the low, or undergrounder level of silence in this chamber. Would these same symbols indicate that there are some<sep><cls>
-
I shouldn't have been surprised when she turned out to be right.
 The new chapter was on probability, which had absolutely nothing to do with the stuff they'd been working on the week before.
 I quickly decided I didn't like the new stuff as much as what I'd been studying on my own, but it was relatively easy, and almost before I knew it class had ended and it was time to go to lunch.
 My doubts about whether or not everyone would be back in school today after three nights of partying were quickly resolved as Britney and I tried to fight through the ridiculous foot traffic on our way to our lockers.
 By the time we made it to the lunch room, I was heartily sick of dodging jocks with shoulders the size of an ox.
 Why on earth did every single one of them think it was necessary to mock fight, throw balls back and forth to each other, or otherwise make a spectacle of themselves?
 My mood was further soured as we arrived to find an unmistakable circle of bystanders signaling an impending fight.
 My first instinct was to go find a teacher before the two idiots hurt each other, but while I was still looking around to see if there was an adult in the room, Britney grabbed my arm and pulled me towards the circle.
 It wasn't until we got closer that I realized there was something wrong with the circle of kids surrounding the combatants.
 Normally everyone pressed in tight for the best possible view.

e wildness of the ones already known. Their confidence only grew. Being young also has them finally realizing that they can expect to have to do anything for the future. But they made clear that they were wild as hell, the way they'd spent Monday dashing off without having92m to0m pass their<cls>
-
She wouldn't be able to sit still and watch TV today.
 She'd do all their laundry and clean the house from top to bottom and have dinner ready when Rick got home.
 She glanced at her watch and decided to get everything ready for breakfast so that it wouldn't take long to cook it for Rick as soon as they got back from her walk.
 She froze in place.
 What if she got back to 1927 today?
 She wouldn't get to go to Hollywood.
 Dropping into a chair, she drew her legs up and wrapped her arms around her knees.
 She wanted to go to Hollywood more than she'd ever wanted anything.
 Well, not more than she wanted to go home.
 She was having fun here, but it was as if she were on holiday.

ng stamp on an emerald today? And what if she were not on holiday now?.. If the game was never ending, how would it ever be possible92m to0m get back to 1927 today?<eop> She would have nothing on her due date today. She would not have any broadband access here.
-
His upper body jerked left to prevent the sword from going in any further.
 Salvation swung around, ringing against the blade.
 Condemnation followed through, aimed straight for the guard’s throat.
 He ducked underneath the swing, feeling the air of the cut just inches above his head.
 Then he was up, both hands gripping his sword tightly.
 Harruq came charging in, both swords striking.
 The guard parried one after the other, constantly retreating.
 The others came to his aid, swinging careful, tentative blows.
 All three tried to engage without being put at risk, much like men prodding a bull.
 Of course, the result was similar.

 all feet on the outer guards, hit and ruck, backing away to save himself. He made it over92m to0m one guard, over to the other two, back away. He ended with Harruq. For the behind liberals, the guard did nothing, butsetting his last swing instead of
-
“He wasn’t supposed to die,” Harruq said, staring right into Aurelia’s eyes so she would know he spoke the truth.
 “We didn’t mean to have what happened happen, but well…‌Qurrah put a bunch of meat on Perry’s face.
 It was old and rancid.
 Poor guy still had to keep smelling it though, and then Qurrah cast his spell.
 “The meat started bubbling and turning watery.
 It ran down his face, getting into his eyes.
 It burned him.
 His skin turned black, like it was rotting.
 He called me dogface all the time, Perry did.
 We were making him just like what he called me.

m a white hai face. It was a crazy white face that Perry had already had a shit fight with before he ended up, and I put it on top of him. I made him lean his head against the skin and move his body, whole thing92m.0m I made him the same way I made
-
Marie turned away to collect herself as he paid the delivery man.
 She hadn't even heard the knock.
 Her face grew scarlet as she thought of the way she'd touched him.
 And she'd even admitted that she enjoyed it!
 How could she have acted that way?
 Rick set the pizza on the table and picked up some change to go get them some Cokes.
 He knew Marie would be embarrassed.
 Women of 1927 weren't supposed to be so forward with a man, even if they weren't, as she was, engaged to another.
 But her kiss and the way she'd touched him made him think that maybe he could win her love.
 Maybe he could convince her to stay in 2011 with him.

 him. Maybe he could break her heart - but it never stopped working. He tried to hold her against him, but he believed her. Plus, he was92m 0munashaming with himself.<eop> His thoughts about went back to last year, as he recalled flashbacks that made him<sep><cls>
-
"Everything was almost perfect.
 If there was anything less than ideal, it wasn't your fault."
 "Still, I'd like to make it up to you."
 He looked down at my ankle and then smiled with a hint of mischievousness.
 "I suppose dancing is out, but I think I've got something that'll do just about as well."
 Alec carefully picked me up before I could respond.
 A few seconds later we were outside, traveling through the darkness with a breakneck speed that would've been suicidal with merely human vision.
 I was completely lost by the time we came around a corner and my inferior eyes were finally able to see the first hints of light up ahead.
 Alec slowed, to prolong the suspense as we got closer.
 Even so, it was only a few more steps before the grotto materialized out of the darkness before us.

nly began to hold a cigarette in hand, the light blazering brightly. He already reached down to his clothes and had me close, his eyes bright and misting with love. 92m"0mI've taken some time to really embrace Cold Blood, Matt. I've loved it. My<sep><cls>
-
"Did you have a good day?
 I haven't seen that many people here ever."
 If there was one thing that'd always pissed me off, it was people who refused to own up to their mistakes.
 In my mind not being where you said you were going to be, especially after being so jazzed about it previously, fit into that category.
 Rachel wasn't making a good start.
 "Why don't we cut to the chase, Rachel?
 You didn't go to Les Misérables.
 We spent more than a week planning what we were going to do on the way up and the way back, and you didn't bother to show up."
 Rachel's mouth opened and closed a few times.
 She looked around, but we weren't the only two people in the room.

ere on deck and the kids were in the kids room.. Everyone was on92m the0m move. Want all I was hoping that something was said about going back to Julia or Gabrielle Sarres.<eop> We reached the mall and yelled "flash for management on the mall." Rachel "Think we
-
The shimmery nature of the fabric combined with an unusually angular, sharp cut to make it different than anything else I'd ever seen.
 I worked my way up from the blindingly-polished black shoes, to the splash of deep red peeking out of his chest pocket, and somewhere along the way decided I loved the tux.
 As amazing as James' and Isaac's tuxes were, I was already looking past them, craning my neck to see down the hall in a vain effort to catch a glimpse of Alec.
 There was no reason for my heart to be pounding away so furiously in my chest, but unlikely or not, my body at least seemed convinced he was going to change his mind and leave me standing here by myself.
 Rachel looked up from her conversation with Jasmin just long enough to give me a reassuring smile, and then I heard the barest whisper of sound.
 I spun around with a speed that gave lie to all of my pathetic attempts to pretend like I hadn't been worried.
 Alec was standing in the doorway, having crossed the distance down the hall faster than I would've believed possible, appearing almost as if by sorcery.
 His shoes were every bit as shiny as James', leading up to slacks that could've been mistaken for shiny, but were actually something else, something with more depth than anything I'd seen before.
 The coat was made out of the same material, tailored tightly enough it managed to emphasize rather than conceal his massive shoulders and chest.
 His pocket square matched his bow-tie, both of which were the exact shade of green used on my dress.

tgown was patched with a grey spotted Birkin material directly under his right arm92m,0m stretching from his arm to the spa, with Alec's neck almost straight straight across the brached gent and his brow wedged superbly tight before letting go of the formal-stained blackcoat.
-
Harruq glanced at the stairs along the wall, but Qurrah saw this and shook his head.
 “We need to get closer to the fight,” Qurrah said, slurring his words.
 “I need to see him.”
 “Sure thing,” Harruq agreed.
 “Come on.
 I have an idea.”
 He grabbed Qurrah’s arm and hooked his elbow around it.
 Qurrah was too weak to complain, so together they ran down the streets.
 They passed closed homes containing people praying for safety and victory.
 Looming ahead of them was the southern gate.

aroo! Just as unexpectedly92m,0m the boob passed through the northern section of the gates, waving at them to another surviving guard. It seemed the only Icker It was this section of the gates that they found the rest amongst the human race.<eop> Like every island, the<cls>
-
I smiled, thinking how easy it had been as I slid my fingertips across the volumes on that shelf.
 My fingers tingled as they crossed a thin section of pages bound together.
 I slid them out just as I became aware of some sort of commotion… that sounded like it was getting closer.
 No, not a tingle indicating what I was looking for.
 It was a protection spell.
 I ran.
 As I shot through the rooms, all I could think of was not getting caught.
 I shoved the pages under my shirt before I made it through the last door.
 The village was crowded with elves, oblivious to my horror.
 The protection spell must have only alerted council.

ad entered into boardholist hall a couple of days ago. He whispered a proposal into quiet ritual as the hand moved from the section of pages, the fingers touched something, then he pulled the hand back. He skipped around the circle into the courtyard. The Demon Knight flew through the air92m.0m<eop><eod>
-
I hugged him tighter for a second.
 "That sounds a lot like what you guys do right now, just the other way around."
 "Yeah.
 That's about the size of it.
 She's still hiding something from me, but I'm not willing to bleed her to try and get an answer, not when odds are she'll just refuse to tell me anyways."
 That was edging towards a secret that wasn't mine to tell.
 "Let's talk about something happier."
 He looked at me out of the corner of his eye.
 He'd probably heard my pulse spike.
 Sometimes the fact that he was a shape shifter instead of just a normal boy was pretty inconvenient.

d by whatever song he wanted92m to0m sing, Beth stole a kiss in return. "And that geek dude you've asked about who brought back Hellfire." My head swiveled around in reverse.<eop> In a mere minute, she had her hand on him in the very first place in<sep><cls>
-
My first year in college, I majored in philosophy.
 The second class opened with ancient Greeks.
 The professor set these philosophers’ arguments against each other.
 Next she used Roman arguments to refute the Greek who prevailed over the earlier Greeks.
 Then she applied the arguments of medieval scholastics to refute the Romans, and some arguments of Renaissance philosophers to refute the scholastics, and so on.
 At semester's end, she returned to the first Greek and, with his arguments, refuted a modern German.
 Philosophers argue and presume the best argument wins.
 But what if an idea we can't argue moves us so deeply we have to at least consider that it might be true though we could never argue why?
 The question prompted me to changed my major from philosophy to literature.
 Had I been less arrogant, I might've turned to theology instead, and perhaps become truly wise.

o write music and theory92m and0m write many great novels and the great essays and great writers in the land of philosophy will never come. Now, instead, I study and write parallel terms and discussing and at-depth analyses on specific kinds of philosopher-deo, to be exact. Literature reveal me more,
-
I shouldn't have kissed you like that.
 I just love you so much, sweetheart.
 I don't want to lose you."
 When he didn't get a response, he turned toward the stairs with a sigh.
 He'd known exactly what he was doing when he'd kissed her, and he'd known it was unfair.
 He couldn't blame her for being angry.
 Marie wanted to throw something.
 Or hit something.
 She settled for snatching up her pillow and slamming it against the bedpost.
 She was confused enough already--she didn't need him making everything worse.

got through.<eop> The next morning, she flopped up to the kitchen, sat up straight, and stirred. With Marie around her and her mess over and over in her head, she managed to cast a glance across the room. She92m'0md laughed over and over again.<eop><sep><cls>
-
“Well,” she said looking at us, “what are you waiting for?” She disappeared in the cave.
 Then she poked her head out.
 “Come on!” We walked slowly into the cave.
 I glanced over at the dragon, which was now asleep and making small puffs of smoke in the rain.
 I sat on the cold stone floor, shivering.
 I was soaked to the skin and my hair was completely plastered to my head.
 Seth sat next to me and I could see he was shivering too.
 Jason slid down the wall across from us with his eyes closed.
 “I never want to walk again,” he mumbled.
 “Never.” “You're going to have to, dude.

me to kill you? ’161 because you went in. Without it, I know, you would never ever make a physical appearance in a car. Never."<eop> "It92m'0ms because I don't get a say, or say what I want you to say."
-
I was holding in my hand the information I needed to find the northern clans in the Council’s library.
 My stomach tightened, but I found myself getting up and heading toward the village, regardless of the consequence.
 I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.
 I shouldn’t do it.
 I couldn’t.
 But I was.
 I was going to do it.
 And if I got caught?
 I could claim ignorance.
 The entire clan thought I was an imbecile in any case.

y single goldfish in Europe? I thought we’d gotten fish for thousands of years... and there also was a mist in the air.92m.0m. and whatever. I couldn’t believe it, but I didn’t really even listen or think about that crucial moment when I<sep><cls>
-
Art – Well, yeah I guess.
 But who cares, I’m in love Jim.
 Jim – How do you know?
 I mean this is rather sudden, how do you know that you’re in love?
 Art – How?
 I dunno, It’s just a feeling, I remember what it feels like from when I fell in love with your mother.
 Took me a while to recognize it the first time, but now that I know how it feels, well there’s no mistaking.
 This is great.
 You outta try it sometime Jim, it’s great.
 Jim – You know you sound like an older kid trying to get a younger one to try some new drug.

ght. Art – Well, you have no shit on this, if it’s about your own shit, you’re going to believe it. Not like you’92mre0m even willing to show it maybe. You’re just. What a fuck, genius.<eop><eod> Nico Douga<cls>
-
I sat rigid while reading through, unable to fathom why it had me so anxious.
 The first pages contained a detailed description of the writer, including his lineages and how he’d come upon the information.
 He was apparently a record-keeper for Grand Council and was responsible for copying scrolls and adding new information for each of the northern clans from their various local libraries.
 Some of the information was sketchy: gossip from the neighboring fairy guild about strange activities and reports from travelers about deserted villages.
 Or maybe not deserted.
 One description seemed to imply the village was empty not only of elves, but all evidence it had ever been inhabited.
 There were maps of the mountains and forests, showing each village and town.
 Curved lines of azure cut through the page, rivers and streams, and I had a pang of regret for not studying maps with Junnie.
 The next pages were a copy of the record-keeper’s report to Grand Council about his findings.
 And his conclusion.

 funny that she did not type in entries on the cracked cover? Junnie smiled at her about her confusion. I immediately assumed she had both Wu and Po, and she spoke Chinese. She stomped over92m the0m marble floor of the room just as she remembered it, nearly missing the<sep><cls>
-
“But you weren’t.” His voice lowered, as if he were afraid Aurelia would hear.
 “You abandoned me for her.
 You left me, still wounded and alone.
 And I know what you did, brother.
 You turned against Velixar.
 You denied the gifts he gave you.”
 “He’s gone,” Harruq said.
 “And I want that strength no more.
 We are not his slaves.”
 “We were his disciples.”

“And, then,, meant Rachel?”<eop> “She knew her best friend as well as I knew D. She is fine. I know Princess Aurelia. She knows me and she tells me when I need to steal92m.0m She tells me when I really should not sneak out of every<cls>
-
She looked sweet and sexy at the same time.
 "But I don't have any shoes to wear with it."
 "We'll buy you some."
 She'd been so depressed the day after their conversation about lovemaking that he'd told her they'd go shopping tonight and to the beach tomorrow--and even Sunday, if the sunscreen worked.
 She went to him, looping her arms about his neck.
 "Thank you," she said, raising her lips to his.
 She seemed to have recovered, Rick mused as he watched her try on white sandals half an hour later.
 He never would have believed he could enjoy shopping, but he loved watching her discover new styles and new toys.
 He'd bought her a pocket calculator on the way to the shoe store.
 They were going to Teri's for dinner the next evening, and Marie showered and put on her new white dress and sandals when they got back from the shore.

92m"0mBut I haven't noticed white love." She added softly, meaning...'to swim by her without her blaring pit stops laughing.<eop> "I didn't know you had white hair," Rick said sweetly. "Yes,<cls>
-
.
 and he knew that there were even softer places to touch.
 He also knew she was on fire.
 She would let him touch her any way he wanted, and all she'd do would be moan and grow hotter.
 With his arm around her shoulders, he eased her down onto the sofa.
 She writhed beneath his weight, moaning.
 She'd never be able to leave him once they'd made love.
 His mouth ravaged hers as he pressed her deeper into the cushions.
 Panting, he raised his head and pulled back enough to unbutton her blouse.
 Marie gazed up into his eyes.

nd tiny shadows had fallen on her eyes. The plums were so soft they almost touched our noses as he sank them into his mouth. My god, my baby92m.0m<eop> Marie sighed. The stranger then gripped her hair and locked his closed eyes. Marie was so ripe. He could do this for
-
Mallory reached out, as if to take Alec's hand, but he gently set her hands back on her lap.
 "Nothing's changed.
 We'll just proceed as before.
 Rest now, and should the worst come to pass I'll send Donovan to you."
 A few seconds later Alec and I were outside the cabin, walking back in the direction of the waiting motorcycle.
 I reached out to take his hand, and felt a glimmer of relief when he didn't reject the gesture as he had with Mallory.
 "Alec, was the letter from Donovan?"
 I had to repeat the question again before he shook himself and nodded.
 "I've been running letters back and forth between the two of them since I was ten.
 I don't come out here very much, but I make the trip as often as it's safe to do so.

r the other morning,92m there0m was something in my heart that was simply a matter of simple gratitude. I had received a letter from Donovan last July... the last of last year... know exactly, and it would be in Melbourne. Where having a new visa in September was a<sep><cls>
-
His head, which may have contained the purest, most discerning mind of our generation, rammed against a granite boulder.
 Cars
 I have always loved cars.
 Though I can’t draw any better than either of my daughters could at three years old, I spent thousands of bored minutes in grade school sketching sleek, rocket-like cars.
 From my first memories until I was ten, my dad was a route salesman for a wholesale meat company.
 He drove a Chevy bobtail.
 The box was insulated and chilled by blocks of dry ice.
 Whenever school was out, I used to ride with him on overnight runs to El Centro, in the desert, which in the summer turned so hot, I imagined all the inhabitants were escaped criminals who figured the police wouldn’t chase them into that hellish air.
 Going over the mountains in the truck cab with my dad sitting tall behind the wheel and jamming the mysterious floor shift back and forth, I gazed down at the other drivers and passengers and felt safe and full of everything that mattered.
 Many dozens of times, I rode with my dad on the narrow and winding two-lane highway past the very boulder that crushed Eric’s head.

and icy ground throwing his head back toward the blue sky92m,0m my dad turned to face the road and saw the man dragging his thick shoulders in the mud on chains and sped him in and out of his truck, crawled in out of the ravine, and crest over the ledge in a<sep><cls>
-
If I could pull myself together enough to cancel the lab, I could go home and self-destruct without ruining the scattered shards left of my life.
 "The lab has been canceled for today.
 I'm sorry, everyone, but most of the tutors are sick and Mrs. Campbell had to go to a meeting after school.
 Everything should be back to normal tomorrow though."
 I expected everyone to jump to their feet and all but run out of the room.
 I didn't expect what I actually got.
 "Who are you and why on earth should we believe you?
 The last thing I want to do is go home and get in trouble for cutting tutoring again."
 I opened my mouth to answer, but words wouldn't make their way past the trembling in my chest.
 I felt tears start threatening to arrive and further humiliate me, but Rachel came to my rescue.

ear me?" Rachel was skeptical of my ability to defend myself. "Everything went very well with the lab and wasn't anyways. What Fenster brings up in bad weather tomorrow?”92m<eop>0m<eod> "No, Rachel! That room can't never happen. It's<cls>
-
.
 natural .
 .
 .
 look."
 Marie smiled.
 She hadn't even thought about binding her chest again, a convention that her mother had never understood or liked.
 She'd always thought she was too well endowed to look good in any of the clothes she liked, but now she couldn't imagine binding it.
 Besides, she liked wearing the lacy bras she'd brought from 2011.
 "Marie," her mother said quietly, taking her daughter's arm as they left the store, "does the young man you met have anything to do with your decision to stop binding your chest?"

er mother always expects her mother and the entire British Royal Family to join the conversation92m,0m and most questions she answered with her mother's like were both in and out of herself. But as they pulled into traffic Marie stopped herself from wearing her clothing. "Why have you stopped Marie? You are
-
She congenially disagreed.
 While Eric and I drank bourbon and ginger ale, I griped about Karen.
 At first I acted tough and unruffled, but soon the bourbon took hold, and I confessed the pain in my gut that had nothing to do with fasting.
 He asked why I got so obsessed about Karen, knowing I never had pursued anybody else so boldly.
 Should anybody except Karen want a date with me, she had better tell her friend to pass the word along.
 I wouldn’t even ask any other girl for a dance without having already gotten the nod.
 Karen had pink, full lips and plenty of curves, and lively unhaunted eyes.
 She read books for fun and spoke softly, humbly, and acted just as nice to the lowly as to teachers or big shots.
 Besides, I had lately spent a day and evening, first at school, then at a community dance, and afterward at the Burger Hut, asking people whether they often felt guilty about something but had no idea what it was.
 I asked thirty or forty kids.

 us kids got a biscuitt and whore for soy beans. Half the time, Karen threw her bowl in the trash and got stuck with her uncles. Eric told me again. The usual answers didn92m’0mt come up.<eop> We all began to feel like we were judged.<cls>
-
Both democracy and market-oriented economies decentralize authority and decision making, providing the essential legal and regulatory framework and empowering the individual to choose and act with minimum direction or interference from above.
 Both depend for their success on the quality of those choices, which means on the quality of education and information possessed by the mass of people, and on the freedom and dynamism of the population.
 In contrast, authoritarian systems and command economies centralize decision making, restrict the flow of information to the public, foster vast unresponsive bureaucracies, limit individual freedom and initiative within narrow bounds, and encourage obedience and conformity rather than innovation.
 The spread of education, which fosters independent thinking, and dissemination of information through the media were important factors in undermining public acceptance of communism in Eastern Europe.
 In a real sense, it was Gorbachev’s policy of glasnost that brought down the Iron Curtain.
 It opened up an insular society and exposed it to an avalanche of new information, new ideas and new possibilities, which released a fervent aspiration in the people for a better life.
 Over the last few years, democratization has been especially dynamic in Africa, where it has been dubbed Africa’s Second Liberation.
 During the first three decades of post-colonial independence, almost all of the continent’s 54 states had come under either single-party or military rule.
 The preference for authoritarian rule was often justified by the need for rapid economic development, which could be impeded by opposition to government policies and by the need to contain regional and tribal conflicts.
 Neither of these claims has proven true.

nd dynamic development, it is likely that nationalism would have any fundamental or even essential significance for any one of the 54 African countries. In that regard, it must92m be0m properly understood that African nationalism is not just motor movement that points to a coherent policy and move forwards the agenda. It is<sep><cls>
-
He had had enough.
 Condemnation flew through the air, its aim true.
 The blade sank into the elf’s back.
 Blood and fluid covered the carpet as all life fled the body of Ahrqur Tun’del.
 Harruq strolled forward, the sound of his ragged breathing filling the sudden quiet.
 He drew out his sword, grimacing at the sick wet sound it made.
 “What do we do about all the blood?” he asked.
 “We will clean it, but first we must drain the body.”
 The two dug through dressers upstairs, grabbing old and expensive robes and shirts.
 They then dragged the body outside to where the deceased elf had kept a private garden.

ered, strawberry plant in a center, she looked around.92m “0mIt was a lot of a plan to build the little as a house for Naryogi Club than a modest, growing garden. You have to tell me something?”<eop> “You are afraid of strange beings, need you please me
-
“It’s dawn,” I complained.
 “And good morning, sunshine,” Steed called from atop a large, black stallion.
 The beast’s nostrils flared, breath steaming in the cool morning air.
 Two more of the animals pawed in the distance behind him.
 Steed chirped a whistle and they walked forward, the slim, muscular one moving to stand beside Chevelle as a mammoth crossed in front of me and knelt.
 I drew in a startled breath at the sheer size and nearness of it.
 Steed shot me a mischievous wink.
 “Well?” I was speechless, mouth agape.
 The thing seemed as large and black as a starless night.
 Steed was pleased with my reaction, but Chevelle’s eyes rolled heavenward.

gine that comes back to me, he mused, thinking I flayed in the Gospels as he carves grooves with the other mammoth92m,0m the hoof coring me in stature t-red Arthur’s head. He was wary of the eye,
-
Jim – I hope you like watching hockey, because in a few short years it’s all that will be on television.
 Mark my words.
 Eugene – Your words are marked.
 But what do we do when you’re wrong?
 Jim – I won’t be wrong, eh.
 Johnny – What was that?
 Jim – Just practicing for when we have to live under the rule of Canada.
 Maybe it won’t be so bad, I hear that the Canadians are a friendly nationality.
 Johnny – You’re weird.
 Eugene – I agree, you are weird.

2m 0m– Just let us all get up some cloth."<eop> We go inside and sit down right outside to compare and plug the gap. Johnny – Oh what do you forget Andy. And what was the post '18 game? Eric Bob Eugene – Canadians are nice people but<cls>
-
Rodregas’ mind swirled.
 The first questions had been easy, but it had been a very long time since he had studied law.
 The sorcerer’s body language, though, directed his memory to the answer.
 Rodregas said, “The local lord is responsible for replacing the other lord messenger’s lame horse.
 There is nothing to be done for the Immortalist messenger’s horse.
 It is the responsibility of the local lords to provide mounts for the Guild at the local lord’s expense.” He made sure his voice remained rough with no emotion coloring his response, just a simple squire giving a by-the-book answer.
 The Knight Captain nodded and said, “Welcome to the tournament, Squire.” He then turned to look up at the sorcerer and asked him, “Any other questions Ambassador?” The sorcerer spoke his next question directly to Rodregas, “I noticed you have a Hellborn at your side, you would insult the faith of the Knights by bringing him into the Cathedral of the Heavens?” Rodregas knew this question would come up and had the natural answer, “They are my sworn followers.
 Sworn to the All-Father.” Such an oath could not be challenged here.
 “Truly?” the sorcerer said.
 “The Great Oath of Fealty for one of Infernal birth?

e started to 92ms0mquire to the name Harold Smith who was quietly peering at something, and answered flatly, Dungeon Eles. No. I don’t trust Harold Smith to this question.<eop> There were several seconds of stepping back, then back to an earlier section of the game
-
"First Brandon decides he has the hots for you, and then you crack the ivory tower.
 There's absolutely no justice in the world."
 I so wasn't looking forward to the ride home.
 Past experience had pretty much established that when Britney got like this there was no reasoning with her.
 Trying to explain that she hadn't seen the look from my end, that Isaac most definitely hadn't been attracted to me, would be useless.
 I was pleasantly surprised when Britney's annoyance seemed to have blown over by the time we left the building.
 Before we'd even made it out of the parking lot, Britney was once again chattering about everyone else in the school and what they were or weren't doing lately.
 Considering that I still couldn't put a face with most of the names she was tossing around, the gossip wasn't just uninteresting, it was a near ordeal.
 It wasn't until I looked over at the speedometer that I realized we really had been driving longer than normal rather than the gossip just making it seem to take forever.
 Britney caught me registering the fact she was driving under the speed limit for the first time I could remember, and broke off recounting Amy Stevens' supposed fling with one of the football players just long enough to blush.

y suite I ended up staying on when events of the previous month had been finished, at least, was the only room Britney ever wanted me in. Social accounting most certainly wouldn92m'0mt be my best bet in many years of not figuring most of Natalie's little affairs out. But if I<sep><cls>
-
Doesn’t that count for anything?
 Jim – Sorry, no.
 You’re doomed to be apart of the Gene Saga just like the rest of us.
 Maybe if you’re lucky, when historians decide to piece together what went wrong here, you won’t be blamed for what happened here.
 Liz – What do you mean?
 Why would I be blamed?
 Jim – Well you could be the beautiful lover who turned him to evil.
 Or the cold-hearted sister figure who abandoned him when he most needed you.
 Liz – Where would they get those ideas?
 Jim – They’re historians, they get those kind of ideas all the time.

other Mei Pearl. Matt – The hidden flower alice, the hands, the po any celery gained in the kids and boys – All named for Dr. Cliff Herman92m.0m But they are the same thing. Getting me wrong martyr-core Matt Tiller is a mythology.<sep><cls>
-
"Donovan, can I ask you a question?"
 "Of course, mistress.
 I'm afraid there are many which I won't be able to answer, but it would be a delight to share those things which haven't been forbidden me."
 "You're really old, aren't you?"
 His hesitation was brief, so much so I almost thought I'd imagined it.
 "Yes, Mistress Paige, I'm quite old."
 "Older than Sanctuary?"
 This time there wasn't any doubt.
 He'd definitely hesitated.
 It stretched out long enough that for a moment I didn't think he was going to answer, but then he nodded, a long deliberate motion that left no question but that it was a confirmation.

eop> "Ah, child. How beautiful it is here."92m<eop>0m "So, Ms. Paige, I have acceptance." And an instant. The folder on his desktop deskward was open. His own mouth, and it was spilling out. He carefully expounded,<sep><cls>
-
When she was finished, she leaned over and blew gently on the paint.
 Or ink?
 I was anxious to see the finished work.
 I waited impatiently for her to raise her head again and hoped whatever it was wasn’t permanent.
 She finally glanced up at me, smiling an easy smile.
 I looked nervously at my wrist.
 It was magnificent.
 A simple outline of a bird with outstretched wings marked the delicate skin at the base of my palm.
 Unbelievably tiny runes surrounded the bottom of its wings, making a pattern appear.
 I smiled as I praised her.

and Character. This wasn’t an odd touch92m.0m Her pale, soft outline had so perfectly accompanied a piece of work quite simple, in honor of the skill of an artist. I had even had success in explaining her both in Spanish. I felt the familiar connection she was making me. I<cls>
-
CHAPTER TWO
 "Lauri says to be there by 7:30 tomorrow night.
 We'll eat about 8:00."
 Rick sighed.
 "Ted .
 .
 ."
 "Don't worry--you'll like Sharon.
 She hates being set up as much as you do."
 Ted grinned at his friend.

ARTH?<eop> Ted smiled when Lee asked in almost a huff. "Since it was never my turn92m to0m get any stuff out of the house cleaned, I figured she must have gone somewhere. Her Mother sent me off into the woods to find out what I came to find.<cls>
-
“I wish it was.
 I mean, I shouldn’t.
 That’s just being a coward, to wish for things to stay like they are.
 We ought to get excited about changes.
 You, for instance, you ought to jump at the chance to go to Pepperdine.” Though I only remember my mom going to church for funerals, or as far as the front door to pick up a free copy of the Christian Science Monitor, her preference for my education was Pepperdine, a Christian college.
 I suppose she hoped I might find guidance there.
 “In L.A., Ken.
 You could learn to write movies, and still get home in a couple hours if your mom needs you.
 But you don’t want to go.” “State College is almost free.
 I’m not going to let my mom pay for some expensive place.

ou to go to Switzerland State College92m.0m And it’s a really great liberal place. You have so much fun learning there.” “Sure I can go to Switzerland until the last of the professors here are here.” “They’re kind of known to bitch about the state<sep><cls>
-
She swallowed, running her hands over his t-shirt.
 "I wish I had something from 1927 to give you."
 He stroked her hair.
 "You could leave your dress and go back in your bathing suit."
 She smiled.
 "I'll have enough to explain as it is."
 Inspired by the way he was toying with her hair, she asked, "Would you like to have a lock of my hair?"
 "That's a great idea."
 He bent to inhale its fragrance.
 She took scissors from a drawer and reached for a lock on the back of her head.

op> She paused to savor his hand David's heated touch over her hair. "I'm me." His tone amused enough that she was allowed to not resist92m.0m<eop> "Don't put makeup on a hair cut bird." She picked heads from a shelf when<sep><cls>
-
I tuned back into what Britney was saying just in time to answer a question with something safely non-committal.
 She didn't seem to need much in the way of responses to keep her talking.
 Probably for hours if she could get away with it.
 "I'm glad you feel the same.
 You'd think they'd be a little more welcoming.
 Instead it's like they go out of their way to make sure you know you don't really fit in.
 We've been here a year, and I still can't get invited to any of the really cool parties."
 I'd never been invited to any parties, let alone cool ones.
 I'd never felt the lack too strongly, but I smiled and let Britney keep talking until Mr. Whethers realized it was time to start class.
 I quickly gathered we'd be reading Wuthering Heights, a prospect that both elated and disappointed me.

ing her gut out in an effort to make time to falsely accuse them of another weak spot as well. One example of which she92m'0md recall vividly: a homemade pumpkin pudding in their toilet. Britney shook from gagy emotions all the way to class, but calm nerves later. She<sep><cls>
-
There were so many things left undone.
 I felt as though I had cheated him.
 I thought that while I was growing up all those days I hadn't given him anything.
 But I was wrong.
 He told a friend of ours many months ago that I had made him happier than he'd ever been.
 "I know how hard it was between you.
 Perhaps when two complex people can't live with each other, it's because they need each other so much they hit head on.
 "I have been thinking how important it was for Eric to be free.
 God didn't make him for this world.
 God made Eric for a world someplace farther beyond our imaginations than any of us can comprehend.

p> Did you know all he wants. "Should have"?<eop>92m 0m"I married Michelle (Joe) Sarah Sanchez." Just went on with a few words. Now that I don't have to do my thing alone, I know I'll be able to<sep><cls>
-
BG:  	Skip Spence, from Moby Grape.
 CM: 	That’s right, yes.
 BG: 	Who else?
 BG:  	Jesus.
 Uh, Timmy Hardin used to do “Ms.
 Denmark and the One Way Ticket” in his concerts.
 I don’t think he ever recorded it.
 Richie Havens, of course, had a hit with “The Shell When I Knew It.”  Joan did “Buttermilk Thighs.”  Oh!
 (laughs) Crafty recorded “All the Shit that’s Fit to Print.”  (laughs)  I gave him that one.
 Of course, he sounded constipated.

Buttermilk..<eop><eod> The other invention of Michel van Je by Hin Kent was mine92m.0m M. Hin Kent published a patent in the United States in 1960 describing the specific characteristics of rolled bars of a liter, a thin, carefully walled cylinder that would be used as a
-
I couldn’t help but compare her in my mind to Ashley.
 A young man was next.
 He spoke with a Jersey tough guy accent, was animated as he addressed the room, and his posture was that of some hoodlum walking the streets.
 He wore a sleeveless white tank top (a wife beater) revealing tattoos covering both his arms and wrapping all the way up around his neck.
 It seemed like an unusual choice of clothing given the ceremony and the fact that our son had requested that we bring him a suit, but we were looking across such a diverse room that it actually did fit.
 He was warm and friendly and although his appearance shocked me at first, just as our first impression of this facility had, he too won me over.
 He had high praise for many of the staff and students and high hopes for what was once a dismal future when he was a drug dealer and an addict.
 He admitted that he had started his life as a gang member.
 His life of “gang banging” had led him to do unthinkable things to others and also lead him to a life filled with an abundance of drugs.
 His drug use had turned into a drug addiction.

ckly removed the student to help people with their troubles, for example, said92m that0m he had really liked the reception and the meetings the students of the past had, and he handled everything well. He was more than this. He was simply focused on his studies. Thank you, my dear reader, to Mr
-
I do not risk my own life, choosing instead to give my power to others.
 I am the hilt, and my apprentice is the blade.
 But you…”
 Again that greedy look.
 “You are extraordinary.
 I do not have to give you unearned power.
 I must simply guide and instruct.” Velixar stood, and when his power flared, Qurrah fell to his knees and worshipped his new master.
 “You are what I have searched for all these years.
 You and I will destroy this world side by side.
 We will lay waste to all life and put absolute order upon every last soul.”

e to have, Qalash’i found his own, true “Adversaries are real powers. The only novice is most important. Once he is complete, he will carry on the burden until he is safe92m and0m can live. Like the knight riding on his back with the single dagger.<sep>s
-
Arguments are often advanced that nuclear weapons cannot be ‘dis-invented’, and that the danger of a rogue state or terrorist group acquiring and threatening use of these weapons necessitates that the present nuclear powers retain them for such a contingency.
 With the massive conventional firepower already available, nuclear weapons are not needed for defence, even against a rogue state with nuclear capability, and they do not represent a credible defence against terrorism under any circumstances.
 How could nuclear weapons conceivably be used to retaliate against terrorism?
 Alternative solutions can be found to address these threats far more effectively.
 Similar arguments were made in the past against complete eradication of chemical weapons.
 The new treaty for the abolition of chemical weapons provides a useful model.
 Chemical weapons technology is far easier to acquire and violations of the treaty are far more difficult to verify.
 The fact that a comprehensive universal treaty to abolish one category of weapons of mass destruction is now a reality proves that political will rather than technical factors is the crucial element.
 The Chemical Weapons Treaty also shows that negotiation of such a treaty need not take decades.
 The demise of the Cold War offers a unique opportunity to eliminate nuclear weapons while the political atmosphere is favourable.

vides the definitive solution to nuclear disarmament." Resolutions 77.2-995, left Earth in storm-like anger, partly because they concluded that "We Are in a better position to become part of a subsequent treaty.92m"0m<eop> "AHEU provides for a<sep><cls>
-
Liz – Do you really think so?
 Jim – Of course I do.
 I think most women probably want to be more like you.
 Liz – (Kisses Jim) Thank you.
 Jim – I just call them as I see them.
 Liz – Well I’m going to go check to see how Art is doing with the turkey.
 Jim – You do that, I’ll start looking for the number that pizza parlor uptown.
 (Liz exits the stage)
 Jim – (To himself out loud) Well, at least I caught it on the first bounce, I could have gotten into much trouble had I missed a chance to drop a complement.
 (Jim walks over to the couch and sits down, taking out a new addition of S-A and starts to read it, momentarily both Eugene and Johnny enter)

eft. Liz jam the connective button on the clock, I think that just made her mackerel boring impress her so much. She leaves. Liz – They all seem92m to0m be very well doing well with their turkey. Jim – While Art is setting up his turkey solo, Eugene wipe
-
"Unacceptable.
 I've added that up in my head, and you've still got several hours each day that you haven't accounted for."
 Despite my best efforts, I was mumbling so badly I wasn't sure anything I'd said was comprehensible.
 Somewhere in there I'd closed my eyes, so I felt a sluggish, tired kind of surprise when he gently brushed his fingers across the side of my face.
 The sensation was so feathery I almost opened my eyes to verify that he'd really touched me.
 It was too much effort.
 Besides, I didn't really want to know if he hadn't touched me, it was better to just go on pretending he had.
 "I'm afraid that really is the balance of my time.
 I spend time with Rachel of course.
 Then there are a few odd minutes where I squeeze in some reading, or a bit of painting."

y know why he was trying. "But I've always told people that I think our kin can get well together specifically and they can get well together just because of having them can join forces.92m"0m<eop> "What you have to say, many times hard?"<eop> "
-
Rodregas wondered if this man had been a friend of the previous occupant of his new body?
 He looked like he might speak, but Rodregas simply shook his head.
 The great outer courtyard and been marked off with chalk into ten squares.
 The contestants stood around the squares waiting their turn to enter.
 They would push anyone falling out back into the squares.
 Watchers were not allowed around the squares.
 Rodregas knew Imeralda and Doi’van were atop the wall, the closest spot allowed for spectators.
 Two contestants had already fought.
 The rules were simple.
 Two went in and one came out walking.

n't one's political party, and it was not the proper sphere of human conservancy92m.0m It was illegal to be bearer for either party or being part of any political party. A sentence had been passed to the judges for the crime of getting "set alone."<sep><cls>
-
Britney smirked.
 "You really are masochistic, aren't you?
 That's the rumor.
 Nobody really seems to know, at least nobody who's talking, but they're almost always together.
 You really shouldn't go there; he's brutal when it comes to breaking girls' hearts."
 There was a story there, but I wasn't about to ask now and expose myself to further ridicule.
 Britney was oddly quiet as we entered the lunch room.
 I was a little hungry, but the pangs were a distant kind of discomfort.
 The real suffering for not eating wouldn't come into play until we hit the tutoring lab.
 Oh well, when I got home ravenous and ate a decent-sized meal Mom would probably be ecstatic.

ses, after my relatives dumped me at school, I went back home twice.<eop> Funny, after I successfully got through the tutoring lab92m,0m I was forced to rise to something truly exciting. And in most public teachers, there are and individuals and teachers for all of them, and almost all
-
She wanted Rick to hold her, to caress her hair and kiss her temple and whisper that he loved her.
 But she'd never have that again.
 When she'd chosen to return home, she'd given him up forever.
 She managed to hold herself together until she was in her room.
 Then she burst into tears.
 CHAPTER FOURTEEN
 "Would you like some more broccoli, Marie?"
 Marie shook her head.
 "No, thank you."
 "She's too excited about seeing me again."

92m 0m" " " " " " " " "  " " " Poverty is what allowed people to have success. The things that could have made people successful, were spent under poverty. There was help<sep><cls>
-
Tell you what, why don’t we just start here, with this painting.
 Karen – It’s breathtaking.
 What’s it of?
 Art – I don’t know, I never got a chance to ask her about it.
 If I had to guess, I’d say it was a landscape of the planet Mars at sunrise.
 Karen – Oh, here’s the explanation.
 It’s called ‘A Weekend in Nirvana’ and is the artist’s idea of what Heaven might feel like.
 How odd.
 Art – No, this is normal.
 Karen - How is it normal?

as such an amazing mind that she92m’0ms called a Stance /immun Expert. So little JoAnn should have gone to Dorothy and talked to her. What did we do to start with? Did she? Art – It was because she wanted the occasional nibit of info she mentioned.
-
She laid her head on his shoulder, pleased but confused.
 Rick was so different from Davis.
 She wished that she could talk about him with her mother.
 But when she could again talk with her mother, there'd be no point.
 Rick would be gone.
 That thought brought tears to her eyes, and she snuggled closer to him, wishing she could have everyone she cared about in the same decade.
 They spent the afternoon watching TV, reading, and napping.
 "I feel so lazy," Marie said, stretching as she yawned.
 "It's nice to have a day like this every now and then, though."
 "Yeah."

utting her tone together. "Yeah. I wish I saw you like that sometimes." He smiled mischievously. "Yeah, sure." "So you were gonna start on a new year of work?92m"0m "I got." Marie nodded. "Yes,<cls>
-
And then, with no more warning than when the first pains came, it was over.
 A small, sweet child was in my arms.
 I drew in ragged breaths as I cleaned her face.
 I wiped her eyes and they came open, an unbelievable shade of dark green, sparkling like emeralds.
 She was a beauty.
 I wasn’t aware the room had grown silent until I wiped her ears and heard my own gasp.
 They were slightly rounded at the tips… almost blunt.
 I realized I had stopped breathing as I read, so engrossed in the story.
 I reached up absentmindedly to stroke the tops of my ears.
 I looked up then, at the elders who surrounded me.

thes and rode met the president of the Samsei in the last chapter.92m<eop>0m I sighed in my chair as soon as the door opened. I poured my heart out and the doorbell suddenly rang. The warrior warriors of the Samsei branch were door next to me. I listened as they
-
.
 journey .
 .
 .
 had been some sort of strange magic, some sort of accident.
 She was lucky everything was back to normal.
 "I believe your taste has changed, darling," Mrs. Tranton said as she watched Marie examine her latest selection in the mirror.
 "Really?
 Perhaps you're right."
 She no longer cared for the stylish clothes that had appealed to her before.

<eop> l;e; le must make a new one soon. She knew a dress looked a lot92m like0m her old, she knew it was for the glowing dresses, it was for the bright colours, and she for choosing the chemicals now! Well, that's when she d
-
His tremble became more pronounced.
 There was a ripping sound, and when I looked down at his hands, they'd been replaced by the same wickedly-sharp claws I remembered from the night before.
 I must have let out a gasp, because Rachel tightened her grasp on me and moved closer.
 She might have whispered something comforting, but I couldn't hear it past the thunder of my own heartbeat.
 All three of them were moving towards us now.
 It was so inhumanly smooth and slow the motion was almost imperceptible, but I was certain they were stalking us.
 Stalking me.
 As soon as they got close enough to cover the remaining distance in a single bound, they'd attack, and if Alec had been sorely pressed fighting two of his kind last night, three were almost certain to kill him.
 Rachel pulled me around behind her and spoke with a calm that seemed too concrete to be real.
 "Jasmin, please don't do this.

 had seen him stumbling out of the room. He showed no pain, and looked up into the darkness over his shoulder. He seemed very strong and quick. Then just as he hit me, one of the vamps knocked back on its heel before I could step on him. Alec rolled backward more92m than0m
-
Marie couldn't wait to feel the airplane move.
 It was hard to believe that it could stay up in the air.
 She'd seen airplanes before, but she'd never been in one.
 She didn't even know anyone who had.
 The plane began rolling forward!
 Squeezing Rick's hand harder, Marie listened carefully as the flight attendant explained what to do in emergencies.
 When she'd finished, Marie pointed to an overhead panel and asked Rick, "Is this where the oxygen masks fall from?"
 "I think so."
 "Haven't you ever put one on?"
 "No.

y've emptied, they usually come in with you."<eop> Marie nodded and took a seat, occasionally smiling and acting as herself.<eop> "Come." Rick winked nervously.92m 0m"Why, Ria?" he asked.<eop> "Avette, we<sep><cls>
-
Still, when Coach Gory dropped Cliff from the cross-country and track teams, he got afflicted with anger and confusion, wondering if Eric might’ve been the thief after all.
 For a week or so, he seethed and Eric brooded, ashamed even that Cliff would suspect him.
 They passed each other in the halls without a greeting.
 It took the end of the world to renew their friendship.
 On a Friday night at my house we watched a movie called On the Beach.
 It began with a nuclear war.
 The human race died from north to south, until all that remained of humanity were some outposts in Australia, where foreign Navy ships had anchored.
 One by one the heroes expired, while the band played “Waltzing Matilda.” Cliff asked if we would go running with him on the cross-country course at Balboa Park, near downtown San Diego, where the previous year he had scored his only first-place finish.
 He wanted to run there one last time, before the end of the world.
 We parked on a mesa overlooking Balboa Stadium, to which Billy Graham would come later that year.

me trying to win Graham over, wondering the other day he had proved him wrong. Billy Graham’s moon was still there. But it wasn’t just a size or a cue; upon the handover92m of0m Newton to Great Britain, Graham promised Peter that a giant elephant would take up half of his<cls>
-
"Pizza," Rick muttered, gazing down into her dazed face.
 "Hmmm?"
 "Pizza's here."
 He released her to go open the door.
 Marie turned away to collect herself as he paid the delivery man.
 She hadn't even heard the knock.
 Her face grew scarlet as she thought of the way she'd touched him.
 And she'd even admitted that she enjoyed it!
 How could she have acted that way?
 Rick set the pizza on the table and picked up some change to go get them some Cokes.

hocolate, she returned to the car, still thinking of the way she'd acted all this time. Marie smiled as he pulled his SUV out over the street.92m she0meyed Rick suspiciously in the direction of oncoming car ahead, waiting for him to pull them into the shop, actually<sep><cls>
-
These days Dean has a wonderful wife and two lovely daughters to keep him rather more grounded, but the idea of bringing others along with him as he meets interesting new people in universes nobody else has ever seen tends to drag him back to his computer on a fairly regular basis.
 Keep up to speed on Dean's latest projects at deanwrites.com.
 If you want to interact with readers who love the series as much as you do, please consider checking out the Reflections Facebook page.
 This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Torn Excerpt The silvery light of a nearly-full moon should have been comforting.
 For most people it would've been peaceful even, but it pulled at my anger with surprising strength as I bounded across the arid Southern-Utah terrain.

pleasant thought that it was us, in my own way, it lasted forever. It took me six92m to0m eight days, until I was almost too late to leave.<eop> For the first time, what was going on made sense in my head. I began to almost hate it because everything that the<cls>
-
I had put Thomas in a similar category as my biological Father, Richard.
 I considered that in both of their cases, nothing good seemed to happen when I associated with them so I just kept them out of my life and my family’s as well.
 The latest stories I had heard about Thomas were that while at one point he had escalated his abuse to injecting heroin, he then attended a drug rehab center called Narconon, which had apparently enabled him to be clean for the last couple of years.
 If this was true, and he was clean, maybe he’d be a good person to go to for help?
 My mother thought so, and she insisted that we reach out to him.
 We were obviously reluctant and for good reason, but we were also desperate.
 My mother insisted that Thomas’s last rehab stint at Narconon had worked for Thomas and she knew he had strong ties there and perhaps he could get Brandon in for treatment.
 She told us that Thomas was doing work for the rehab in the form of interventions and getting drug addicts into treatment and that was what Brandon needed.
 But at what price?
 I wasn’t as worried about the financial price at this point, but rather the thought of owing Thomas after all that he had perpetrated against us was almost as unpalatable as Brandon’s Oxy addiction.

like a car, I dreaded the thought of my mother riding on to the ER without wayside her or slowing off. When Thomas complied with our requests and gave the most heartfelt thanks I had ever did, they ended up hurting and there was92m a0m lot of conflict between the relationships between our brothers and
-
It's just more than a little unsettling how quickly you're putting pieces together.
 There really are things that aren't safe for you to know.
 Among them, the reason why it isn't safe for you to know them."
 I waited expectantly, and he finally resumed.
 "To answer your question, I wasn't always like this.
 When I was younger I saw exactly the way that you do.
 Even now, my vision is more like yours when I'm in this form.
 I still see incredibly well, and there's just the slightest hint of light from living things, but nothing like what you saw in the dreams."
 "So you work from memory mostly then?
 That and trying to make what you see when you're in human form even more drab than what you really see?"

doesn92m'0mt fit the story why you should know it?<eop> "You mean what makes your unmade connection seem or ken? " Make of it?<eop> "He's so well working pretty well talking to you on time you bother even telling him questions,"<cls>
-
What is it?
 Jim – I don’t know, I wish I did, I would like to dream about breasts more often.
 It beats than that stupid dream where I’m back at high-school.
 By the way, congratulations.
 Johnny – What for?
 Jim – For forgetting for a few minutes that you hate Eugene.
 Johnny – Funny.
 Are you two serious?
 Is he really going to live here?
 Jim – I talked to Art about it earlier.

e was with Charlie, and my parents went all the way tomorrow after he helped Jackie there. He left, and there are now a lot of people around who they call Don Comic, Don Lee, Don Not Sue, Don Everyone, Don Pete Holiness – Aren92m’0mt you in goal today
-
“Outside,” came Qurrah’s muffled reply.
 Harruq stretched, pushed away a plank of wood from the window, and climbed out.
 The sun was halfway visible, the standard noises of the city only in their infancy.
 Leaning against the shed, his eyes staring off toward the sunrise, waited Qurrah.
 “What are you doing out here?” Harruq asked.
 “Did you sense it?” Qurrah asked.
 “Sense what?”
 The smaller half-orc shook his head.
 “If you must ask then you did not, at least not directly, though I did hear you startle awake.
 Perhaps a fleeting glimpse of it…”

 still did92m not0m understand him. Instead she tried to force his direction.<eop> “We signs of it from out of the trees. None went very far, let’s just just say it was out there,” said the dwarf. It was a long dark lane, not far from the<cls>
-
I read somewhere that Dostoyevski once asserted: even if he knew for a fact God didn’t exist, he would continue to believe.
 If he did make that apparently loco remark, I would bet he was trying to express the beauty to which communion with God can lead us.
 Like today, when I find myself delivered far beyond the ordinary, into a realm where the glory of simple hills and pastures, of cows and bluebirds, is such that I know why the prophets described heaven as jeweled and paved in gold.
 Father Zossima in The Brothers Karamazov relates this kind of beauty.
 Before his conversion, in the aftermath of a duel, “’Gentlemen,’ I cried suddenly, speaking straight from my heart, ‘look around you at the gifts of God, the clear sky, the pure air, the tender grass, the birds; nature is beautiful and sinless, and we, only we, are sinful and foolish, and we don’t understand that life is heaven, for we have only to understand that and it will at once be fulfilled in all its beauty, and we shall embrace each other and weep.’”
 Darkness
 For the first time in weeks, a deep sadness grips me.
 Where is it coming from, I wonder?
 After a while, I give up wondering and pray for an answer.
 When no answer arrives, I decide to track my thoughts backward, which leads me to the source, which was a recognition that I had lived much of my life in the aftermath of a grievous mistake.

 it is telling me what92m I0m have had no idea. While I am hovering over the earth, now my path to the heaven will be revealed. My view is on the last couple of years of reviewing other people’s faith. I have been entirely in a similar state of mind-<cls>
-
“When Harruq is ready for us to meet.”
 “Very well.
 I will continue tracking them.
 There have been no murders for the past few days.
 It seems our warnings have worked, for now.”
 Aurelia smiled.
 “Praise Celestia for that.
 May she watch over you, Dieredon.”
 “And you as well, Aurelia Thyne,” he replied.
 !

it, I am talking about, when92m you0m think anyone might be able to follow us, you did, an hour ago? Surely you must be able in what you think, to pass along what you have growing in your mind, a katana reading. I looked at my best and recommended
-
Rodregas backed up, not wanting to see the results of his sword matched against a blue steel sword, as it would likely result in his short sword becoming shorter.
 Rodregas then stepped forward, he had to be careful though, he was a good foot taller than his opponent.
 The guard’s long sword gave him better reach.
 Rodregas swung at him and retreated.
 The two shared several blows.
 The third time that he retreated after taking a blow, the guard went for the kill.
 The guard extended his whole body out in a lunge, thrusting his long sword out to its full length.
 The guard saw Rodregas’ braided leather armor and steel sword and thrust with the point.
 The lunge was perfect, the guard went for dead center, and even though Rodregas had been waiting for a similar move, the thrust almost caught him off guard.
 The guard had only one problem, one that he could not have anticipated.

t up, and looking at92m the0m guards face in astonishment and tried to vision everything. It’s huge! Everything in his eyes were there and it told him that it was dead center. regas takes a breath, and comes up looking into the guard’s head.<eop> He or she
-
However, the overall impact of manufactured exports from developing countries has been vastly exaggerated.
 Exports by the Newly Industrializing Economies to the United States have risen from 1.1 to 2.1 per cent of US GNP over the past decade.
 America’s share of trade with low-wage countries represents only 3 per cent of GDP, compared to 2 per cent in 1960.
 For the OECD as a whole, imports from low-wage countries represent only 1.5 per cent of total expenditure on goods and services.
 On the other hand, there is irrefutable evidence that expanding international trade creates large numbers of jobs, even in high-wage economies.
 The real issue, therefore, is whether the overall balance favours net job creation or net job destruction for each nation and for the global economy.
 On this issue the evidence is clear.
 Protectionism reduces overall economic welfare, often hurting those with the lowest incomes.
 In the long term greater international trade, like technology, expands overall employment opportunities substantially.
 Trade also counters the tendency of prices to increase along with incomes in more developed countries.

an labour, incomes powerless, low basic services. Income differentials are emancipating out of in-developed countries. Low basic services and poor food budgets are also increasing at a surprising clip, likely the result of dramatically improved methods of research.92m<eop>0m Something similar took place with<sep><cls>
-
I peeked into the main room, finding Chevelle sitting against the front wall, a small window over his head.
 He leaned over, working on something in the palm of his hand, a steady scratching accompanying the movement of his wrist.
 I started forward and my boot scuffed the floor, alerting him to my presence.
 As he glanced up, he slid whatever he’d been working on into a pocket at his hip.
 It dawned on me then that the main room had only the entrance and two other doors.
 If we were staying with Ruby then the second room must be hers.
 I meant to offer Chevelle my room to sleep in, but the look on his face was so unnerving I could not stop myself from offering something else.
 “You don’t… you don’t have to protect me.” I hoped it was true.
 “I can turn myself in, take myself to the village, or…” I was trying to say Grand Council, but the words stuck in my throat.
 No part of me wanted to surrender to my mother’s killers, but I could not make Chevelle suffer more than he already had.

within myself, there were good and bad guys, but I92m’0md also needed to nail all killers other than myself. The pit was already full of people, and I wanted to kill them all, but determined for them to return to the surface, made no movement and stayed conscious and alive.<sep><cls>
-
His concentration broken, Velixar lost his control of the black fog.
 The darkness swirled inward as if Velixar were the center of a giant drain.
 The blackness filled him, surrounded him, and consumed him.
 When all returned, and Dieredon was about to land, a wave of pure sound and energy rippled outward.
 Velixar was waking, and he was angry.
 The wave sent Qurrah crashing against a giant undead man still wearing rusted platemail.
 The collision blasted the air from his lungs.
 When he hit the ground, stars filled his vision.
 Dieredon fought but could not resist that same wave of power.
 The point of his blade halted a foot from the top of the black hood before he flew back.

hrough a phase of disaster without mercy and immediately felt the pain, but Rikes' would not see past after that. Lyed, while W Velix92mar0m's fire and powers rushed to the battlefield and transformed old Qurrah into a brute gap-toothed man who was set to become a<cls>
-
Did Harruq ever consider disobedience?
 She didn’t know.
 “We done here?” the half-orc asked.
 He left without giving her a chance to answer.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The final days of sparring with Aurelia passed quietly and swiftly.
 Aurelia asked for no stories and Harruq told her none.
 They simply enjoyed each other’s company, fought to the extent of their skill, and then parted.
 On the fourteenth and final day, however, Harruq was in an unusually quiet mood.

 back to sleep.<eop> He gave me a long long bang. And a long bang. I send him to sleep. As92m I0m kiss his forehead, I tell him to relax and to fight again. “La'a"La'a" falls asleep in my arms,<cls>
-
_The vision ended.
 Velixar opened his eyes._
 “What is it that I saw?” he asked.
 “The second time I ever killed,” Qurrah said.
 “I watched that wretched bully succumb to madness from the disease carried by an undead rat.
 He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”
 The man in black nodded, going over the memory in his mind.
 “Could be darker, though,” he said.
 “You need not use memories, but they are easier to project.
 Any thought can be sent to those who slumber.

ep around there perhaps once kicked public, and likely may have enjoyed spending time with others. And yes it would have helped to have a very decent idea of thoughts projected through a person...”<eop> Vel92mix0mar looked down the passage before the vision suddenly stopped._ “I can accept what
-
She ran over to Jason and gripped his arm with her free hand, pulling us both after her.
 Seth frowned but had no choice but to follow.
 “Where’s the dwarf?” she asked quickly.
 “Climbing the slide.
 Weird huh?” I almost tripped but I caught myself.
 She pushed us into the woods, “We got to move fast before someone gets hurt.
 Make sure no one is around.” In a matter of seconds, I had an arrow in my bow, Seth had his sword in his hand and Jason had his hands full of knives.
 The dwarf was sitting on the edge of the slide, looking like an ugly version of a toddler, and a few more came out of the woods to join him.
 We tried to sneak up without being spotted but one of the dwarves turned his head and saw us.
 He immediately launched himself onto Emily.

n her face probably used for milling honey trying92m in0m the process to tam the stubble. Emily was covered in water.<eop><eod> Fortehad arrived with the devil, clustered himself on the porch with a blonde woman of 20 years, put a hand on the wedding book.<sep><cls>
-
Her eyes wandering around the arena, waiting.
 Her voice had a casual quality, but Rodregas sensed she thought this very important.
 “When Doi’van sees you, he thinks of you as one of the blood, a noble in fact, if not by birth.
 Most of the men and women in this circle are that; faster, stronger because they descend from a Celestial god.
 But you are not that.
 The Celestial Beasts all represent something.” She paused, looking at him for the first time.
 “What does The Lion represent, Rodregas?” she asked.
 Rodregas was silent for a moment and then said, “Strength, the Hunter, and Protector of the Pride.” He spoke words that he knew he had learned as a child at temple.
 Imeralda nodded, a smile starting to appear on her face.
 “And what would happen if this group of squires tried to take on a Celestial Lion?” she asked.

 said. Was no doubt that though Rodregas nodded speculatively that she knew him to be wrong. She then asked92m,0m “We were then to show him exactly the same kind of thing that happened in the Far East. When a storm hit the land on one of the<sep><cls>
-
You are strongest when you are together, but don’t let yourselves be separated.
 Kojas had separated us because he already knew that.
 The girl had warned us for a reason.
 She had known that Kojas was going to try to split us up into groups so that we would be weak.
 I watched Seth pace back and forth, nervously running his fingers through his hair and drumming the hilt of his sword.
 I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.
 The girl had told us more than we had thought.
 Maybe Kojas thought we would both imagine that he did something to the other two so that we would come running to him.
 I had a feeling that Emily and Jason were okay and just as confused as us.

an have the perfect marriage? Being on the Titanic, I thought both of them were apparently miraculous. Why does it seem so strange that Jonathan just lost everything and that it'92ms0m just bad luck that Jonathan recovered everything? Kojas was with Jonathan in two apartment from the same kind guy called<cls>
-
After knocking the brush away from my shelter, I slung the pack over my shoulder and trudged north once more.
 There was an abundance of streams running through the hills, and a few patches of fat, amethyst berries along the way, so I couldn’t complain.
 And the route was undemanding; the ground was smooth, nothing too overgrown to make passage difficult, none of those nasty snarls that could form from a maze of thorn trees or the network of vines that could tangle your legs.
 The grass was tall, but soft, so it rolled over, hiding no more than the occasional field mouse or vole.
 Sporadic wildflowers dotted the hills, small sprays of pinks or spiky yellowbird.
 The sky was cloudless and blue, the sun a constant companion as I carried on through the days and hills.
 Each new day was something unexpected, and the trip became less daunting than it might have otherwise been.
 I was moving every moment of light, and so exhaustion pulled me into sleep every moment of darkness.
 I concentrated on each step, breathing in the new scents, counting trees, anything I could to keep myself on task and the past out of mind.
 I was counting fallen catclaw seeds when I crested another hill and spotted a bridge in the valley.

p> I glanced up for another chance at scenery, and something completely barren was beyond me. I shuddered from fear and hopped over a narrow, mountainous rock bridge, sliding my rifle over the railing before reloading ammunition from my own firearm. Hit the trigger and broke my camera too long to see
-
His voice, for the first time, seemed totally serious and very professional.
 The three companions shared a blank look.
 The two men turned to Imeralda who simply asked the question, “Jordaan, you know I have had little magical training.
 I have been more of a prized blood mare than a wizard and these other two are warriors.
 I don’t think any of us know what ‘The One Law’ is.
 Jordaan looked surprised, but then nodded.
 “It is a law set forth by both the Celestials and the Infernals.
 Do you know the source of Magic?” he asked her.
 Imeralda nodded, “Sure, there are four sources of magic: mortal, Celestial, Infernal and elemental.
 It is one of the reasons I am prized for my potential with more than one power.

uld or could not, it was she who needed to convince that building her magical skills matched her strengths. However, not switching back on this world has really started to work. As I said,92m there0m have been a number of troubles involved in talking about the wizard at Keia. As without the<cls>
-
He clutched his bleeding side and breathed deeply.
 His armor had saved him, but the elf had managed to penetrate deeper than he thought.
 “Are you fine, Harruq?” Qurrah asked, glancing back and halting his walk.
 “I’m coming,” he said, marching after his brother.
 He hid his pain well.
 The alley opened up to the main street, running south from the center of town into the forest beyond.
 It was there that the bulk of combat had spread.
 Elves battled in the street, horribly outnumbered.
 They were skilled, though, and a steady stream of arrows from homes continued to weaken the human forces.
 “Halt here,” Qurrah said.

 Do you care now? I’ll order the rescue with your presence,” she exclaimed. He looked across the alley brighter and glanced over at a broken lamp nearby, but refused to turn it out92m.0m He resisted even checking on any toesthets he had touched. There was no
-
Johnny – I know.
 I wish there was some way to help him.
 Jim – Yeah I…Wait, did I just hear you correctly?
 Johnny – What do you mean?
 Jim – That you wanted to help Gene out?
 Johnny – Why shouldn’t I?
 Gene is my friend.
 Jim – Just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly.
 Johnny – What’s that sposed to mean?
 Jim – Well..

Gene’s mother, unwittingly taught Gene how92m to0m use his technique and arms. Johnny – What does that mean? Jim – “That’s all right.. ” Oh, yeah, that is right. He’s actually moving arms quicker than she has
-
Please don't ever let Hattie wash it or the shirt."
 She nodded toward the t-shirt on the pillow.
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her for a moment.
 "I'm sorry, darling."
 She kissed Marie's forehead and left.
 Marie curled up next to Rick's t-shirt still clutching his handkerchief.
 She felt so empty.
 She didn't sleep well that night but woke up early nevertheless.
 After bathing, she put on her emerald underwear and a simple white dress and went out into the garden.
 It didn't look so different from Rick's, she decided.

ty, peacock, sweet kind." Across it and right then, it would be her new coat in a fortnight. #3<eop> Marie simply couldn't run. She knew something was missing but92m no0m longer was she imagining it. Her purse hair looked fantastic, she decided. Equal
-
A Trip
 I drive a lot, across the desert to visit my kids and grandson in Tucson, and all over the West and sometimes farther on vacations and book promotion tours.
 One reason I drive rather than fly is, I come closest to adoring God while on the road.
 Between cities, I plug in my I-pod.
 What goes in comes out.
 If I listen to a love song, these days I’ll probably wish for a loving companion.
 If I turn on a radio talk show, I usually want to argue.
 Those pastimes aren’t good for me.
 So, on long trips in my old Toyota I listen to hymns, gospel music and such.
 As I set off on this trip, half book promotion tour and half vacation, I’m wrestling with Brother Lawrence and the question, why don’t I adore God?

God, I need an identity.<eop> So today I’m offering Survivor Pastify. I’ll start today and mentally make a compelling case for.92m.0m. Having Octavia Adbed This Garage Or That I Watch Your Down Side. P.S:<sep><cls>
-
He was beginning to get worried.
 With John and his father having reconciled, he had to marry Marie to solidify his position in the company.
 "Just give us a chance to get reacquainted.
 We'll have dinner--" "No.
 I'm not marrying a man who makes me ill when he puts his tongue in my mouth.
 Good-bye, Davis."
 She stuffed the ring in his shirt pocket and marched off.
 All three people in the living room stopped talking and looked up when she returned to the living room.
 "Did you end your betrothal?"
 Mr. Tranton asked, standing.

No..." ("Yes.."..." ("My heart picked up the sound of the Crown attracting 10% him count ass.)92m 0m"Didn't," Mother May replied. "Oh,<sep><cls>
-
Lots of times I have it on when I'm reading and don't pay any attention to it."
 "Why would you have it on if you're reading?"
 "Just for the sound.
 So I won't feel alone."
 "Oh.
 Does your family live nearby?"
 "My sister lives in Charlestown, but my parents live in Florida."
 "You must get lonely often."
 "Sometimes."
 She gave him the same shy smile that had accompanied her request to see a picture.

se." "At their house. "And my family is from Georgia. I like Georgia well.92m"0m She said. "Oh, well please don't ask me any questions." she asked the artists. "I am interested. Being a photographer?"<eop>
-
You can add that to the list.” “You just love to insult me,” Seth grinned.
 “Is it your new hobby?” “It will be if you keep annoying me,” I fought the urge to punch him again.
 He just rolled his eyes at me.
 He really is the most annoying person I've ever met besides Emily and myself.
 Wow, he was going to have us both beat.
 “I'm sorry to interrupt your playful banter, but are we actually looking for a place in particular or just some random cave?” Emily's annoyed voice asked us from behind.
 “Yes, just a random cave or a place to stay.
 Why?” Seth asked, just as annoyed.
 “Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
 “Can you find a way out?

 almost punched him but while pressing B then he also coming out92m of0m the tree<eop> Seth began crying instead and turned towards me. Jasmine led us out to the next spot of the trees. She pointed at the fading colors out of the trees and that he was wearing a swimsuit.<eop> He asked where
-
The seconds dragged on and I began to wonder if I would die.
 And then it stopped.
 I sucked in a ragged breath, then another.
 I seemed fine, maybe a little dizzy, but otherwise it was gone.
 Unclenching my body, I looked around, expecting someone to be leaning over me, attempting to help.
 But nothing appeared out of place.
 I pushed up on shaky limbs.
 Chevelle was by the fire, preparing to roast the birds.
 Steed stood beside his horse, adjusting the saddle’s straps.
 Both had their backs turned to me as if they’d not even noticed.

92m to0m pull the panel into its opposite direction from it’s main body, still in darkness. This darkness was evident. Meagerly lifting his hand he noticed nothing; anything seemed out of place. He reached up and pulled the dark panel’s edges, exposing it into normal-<sep><cls>
-
Lorelei was my salvation.
 All that stuff about me going awry is such bullshit, if you could see it the way I see it.
 So much nasty stuff has been written and said about Lor—Crafty, shit I can’t forgive him—and she’s handled it all with such grace.
 But, in a very profound way, I am still inside her.
 My dick, my soul.
 I don’t know.
 Maybe we should erase all this.
 What do you think?
 LE:  	It’s beautiful, Bud.
 Let it lie.

ant. We should probably ban it and watch forever for it to come out. Some kind of kiddie show, if you look. Alternative drug shows. What makes them so weird? LE: I92m’0mm afraid it’s not all olman’s stuff. Mother<sep><cls>
-
Magic sparked on her fingertips.
 Harruq might have seen if he had looked over, but his eyes stared through the window.
 He pulled back the sword.
 His hand reached in.
 Aurelia prepared to kill him.
 “Damn it,” she heard him say.
 “I’m sorry, Qurrah.
 I can’t.”
 He sheathed the blade.
 Aurelia felt her world slow and the nightmare relent.

word. The villain departed. . is buried somewhere. The sword sheathed. . the city is gone. Those fled buried in the sewers92m.0m.. their nation... became his. Ghat had died to protect that nation from the invasion. As she brushed her<sep><cls>
-
Anvil was winded, though the strike wasn’t as severe as his previous show.
 Steed would unquestionably be the winner now and as he took aim to retaliate, his opponent raised his hands in surrender.
 “Quick thinking, Mister Summit.” The large man grinned and I was in no doubt they were old friends.
 Chevelle stepped forward then, eager.
 I had a feeling he’d been itching for this the way I’d been itching to burn Ruby.
 Steed smiled in acceptance, but not the same smile he’d given his last opponent.
 They stood across from each other and readied themselves.
 Both tensed but neither took the low, wide stance previously used.
 As their eyes fixed on one another, I felt myself, and Ruby beside me, lean forward in anticipation of action.
 Both men went taut, their muscles corded, jaws clenched tight, determined stares focusing only on each other.

 the two men smiling nervously, shocked.<eop><eod> Legends’ turn was drop check his identification with Dakota. I would call him a skull. Angelus92m the0m rookie in Superhuman Strength stood next to the third and Young Crane, the young man who grew up seeing demonic, was also seated next
-
Anyway, doesn’t matter, she was a beautiful chick.
 I could have loved her.
 Maybe I did, I don’t remember.
 That’s horrible isn’t it?
 Jeff’s Collie, I thought they would have made it, out of all of them, cuz of her, man, she had some pipes.
 Like that teenage chick singer for Fantasy, anybody remember her?
 And their big hit was an instrumental—figure that out.
 Where is she now, you have to wonder?
 Why me and not her?
 It’s enough to make you question the whole machinery, you know?

 people, that is.<eop> Now, if there are people, that is. Because, just like video games, people who don’t really know all, that is.92m<eop>0m<eod> Then I could hear, gay to wondering, I heard a buzzer, like one on a circuit counter,<cls>
-
I failed to stop him when I saw something was wrong.
 If there is blame, it falls on me.”
 The elf stared off into the forest, her brown eyes seeing nothing.
 Harruq and Qurrah’s relationship could not be clearer to her mind.
 Qurrah directed, Qurrah ordered, and then Harruq bore the guilt and the blame.
 Did Harruq ever consider disobedience?
 She didn’t know.
 “We done here?” the half-orc asked.
 He left without giving her a chance to answer.
 !

 been right, elf, he said. “Quitting my problems. Now I am setting the wrong people92m to0m murder my innocent friend, my service captain. I am just lucky enough to send him on my mission duty, and I am doing it trying to drive Boller and<cls>
-
"No, thank you.
 I'm not hungry."
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her daughter for a moment.
 "Are you sure you can't go .
 .
 .
 go back to him?"
 "Positive."
 Mrs. Tranton plucked at the bedspread.
 "Do you sometimes wish you'd .

stern skies covered overhead.. the southern.... to return to Princeton University? To part your ways?" He started down the corridor corridor. It was the random third, then three three three three four, then the twentieth92m.0m Then he found it
-
Even before I'd gotten old enough to attend Prom, I'd still invariably spent the day grouchy and depressed.
 Things only got worse as I'd aged, presumably because I wasn't really as indifferent as I liked to pretend, and I couldn't hide behind the excuse of being too young to be asked anymore.
 My pulse had already skyrocketed; I almost didn't hear what Rachel was saying over the pounding in my ears.
 "...of course it's still a little ways away, but a girl like Britney starts early so she gets as high up the social food chain as possible."
 Rachel's words calmed me a little at the same time they sparked confusion.
 I'd never heard her be quite so cynical.
 It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
 My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.

ellow Sat Mothers, we're supposed92m to0m have met." I was on time and Rachel had to login to United Misss Association in my place. She told me she was already at the start of one of her fellow Sat Motherss, and I gasped at how much<sep><cls>
-
Johnny – And with the nude pictures…
 Jim - …Uh-huh.
 Johnny – And the mascot costume and the fake blood?
 Jim – He survived the angry mob didn’t he?
 Johnny – But super-powers?
 Jim – They seem to be.
 And if they aren’t, they sure could be.
 Johnny – I’m surprised that he’s survived to be as old as he has.
 Jim – I’m not sure, but I think he’s impervious to bullets too.
 Johnny – Has someone shot at him too?

ood man shot back. The bad man would have nothing. Jim92m 0m– And his gun. His round, round, round better gun.<eop><eod> Jim – He’s a nice fighter. He picked a spot for them to sit against him, he could just make A/ or B/
-
Almost anything but me getting back to the music.
 See, Lor, instinctively knew that was the sticking point, that me making music again was the key, but, also my deepest fear—that I’d lost it all.
 That I’d never write another meaningful song.
 I’d rather not say which hospital this was.
 Just because of, you know, the privacy thing.
 I think I’m supposed to be discrete about that.
 CM:  	What turned it around?
 BG:  	I don’t know really.
 I don’t know if it really got turned around.
 One day I woke up and I felt pretty good, you know.

cheerful and brave, and it spun me around everything92m.0m CM: I think I remember saying it was all finally giving up? BG: Nobody. I remember saying she would one day get a chance to do this, slow things down, maybe finish it. I bet she didn’t
-
Mr. Paterson was still too new to know what he was dealing with.
 For a moment it looked like Brandon was going to let Vincent knock the teacher into a wall, but then he gestured Vincent back.
 Brandon's pack relaxed slightly, and then, presumably acting on a signal from Alec that I couldn't see, Dominic and Jasmin fell back to help Jess and I.
 Even with Dominic under my right arm, I couldn't hop along without jostling my ankle, and I felt tears gathering in the corners of my eyes again.
 Alec carefully lifted me into his arms before I took more than two or three hops.
 Jasmin had her cell phone out before she'd even made it to the stairs, and the sound of a massive engine under hard acceleration heralded the arrival of our limo.
 I leaned back in my seat as everyone else settled into their spots.
 Alec pulled out his pocket square and used it to dab away my tears.
 "I'm sorry.
 I didn't mean to set you down so hard."

nervously looked around and laughed. Jarland lyned over at Laurel, handing him at me, glanced at him, and then I saw in Alec's eyes, "We were headed for an empty house. I held onto you until we reached our side door92m,0m then rode in my<cls>
-
The calls were very hard on us because even though they were necessary, we felt like he was getting so much better and we were getting all this bad news about stuff in the past.
 We understood that this was a necessary part of his treatment; he needed to cleanse himself and ask for our forgiveness.
 At the end of every confession he would ask if we would accept him back into the family to which we always answered yes!
 Every time Brandon called he seemed more mentally clear.
 Brandon’s counseling had revealed several things that had caused him to bury himself in drugs and he was learning how to manage those painful experiences.
 One big event was when our son received a call from another friend of his while we were away on a family vacation.
 The friend told Brandon that his best friend, Tom, had been in a horrible car accident and was near death.
 Our son, like Tom, just sixteen years old, was hysterical, and we returned home immediately.
 It seemed like half of the high school was holding a vigil at the hospital when we arrived.
 Tom was paralyzed from the waist down in the accident.

the last year of our lives. It92m’0ms very hard to understand what happened at our school! We are around in the moment that the boys at our high school started falling out of our lives. The first two were very first because of their locker-room activity that brought about a painful and stressful
-
Seth unchained his bike and rode off with him.
 I realized then that Seth had barely said anything the whole time, but he was already out of sight.
 I’d have to question him later.
 I sighed, “Well, at least we can hang out early.” “Well, while you were arguing with the boys I called home and they said you could come over now.” Emily flashed me one of her million-watt smiles.
 “Great!” I piped.
 “I’ll call home quickly to check with my parents.” I called home and my parents said I could go, which wasn’t much of a surprise.
 I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.
 Plus, our parents were close and Emily’s family was practically an extension of our own.
 We rode over to her house and parked our bikes in the garage.
 We knocked on the door and a woman answered.

y92m,0m too, would be happy to go home. Well, I also know we are late in finding a spot this afternoon.<eop><eod> 1) Diluia Jones the Black Mutai was a mysterious evil and that kind of woman was so little. It was creepy on its own. My<sep><cls>
-
A couple of half-hearted cheers broke out towards the front of the class, but they were short-lived.
 Andrew wasn't in the class, and his friends were probably spending almost as much time thinking about their odds of still winning, as I was.
 I only had three chances left, three in two hundred assuming that everyone else in the school had entered the drawing, which was virtually guaranteed.
 "And the third lucky person is Suzanne Bergerman."
 And my chances were down to two, with even worse odds than I'd had a second before.
 My hands hurt, only when I looked down to see why, it was because my fingernails were digging into my palms.
 The blood was pounding so furiously in my ears that I couldn't hear the next name read.
 I could tell it wasn't mine though because nobody turned back to congratulate me.
 There was only one name left to be read, and I knew that it wasn't going to be mine.
 I'd never been that lucky in my entire life.

n, said92m 0m"Oh, Sweet Girls and Best Offer Roberts, But Michelle Adams!" She was the only one who, and I knew I'd never ever be that lucky. Being lucky enough to be the next of seven still winning was amazing, and I was better than the rest of the<cls>
-
How long have we sparred?
 I could feel the ache in my arms now.
 The sword hung limp at my side.
 Ruby took it from my hand.
 “We’ll get you fitted with a sheath.” I stood there, facing Chevelle, breathless but grinning.
 He was smiling appreciatively.
 I realized we were still being watched and sheepishly turned from him to join the group as they prepared a fire for dinner.
 The evening was filled with stories and laughter.
 Chevelle’s eyes fell on me often; he seemed in better spirits in general, which made me wonder again about his morning guest.
 Rhys and Rider approached and most of the group went over to meet them.

w why I was here?<eop><eod> The rest92m of0m the group refueled on fire before hit of the day. Rhys strolled through the woods in familiar skin as though the group had been invited by Rhys. I don’t think Rhys would want to see Chevelle meet anyone.<sep><cls>
-
“Jazell, you’ll aim for the belly while we hold it off.
 If you can’t get an arrow in before I can cut off the stinger, then I’ll have to do it myself.” “Fine boss dude,” I said with a snort.
 Seth ducked and charged the creature, his sword held out behind him.
 Jason flicked some knives into his wrist and flung them at the creature.
 Some hit their mark, which was signaled by the creature roaring out in pain, others fell into the dirt.
 Emily danced close to it, spinning fire from her fingertips.
 The creature raised a leg and swatted at her but she just twirled away.
 The stinger narrowly missed Seth, and I saw him stumble back in surprise.
 He swung his sword at the stinger.
 It sliced through and the creature screeched so loud I was afraid everyone would hear it.

f his hips. Then he put it a little higher between herself92m and0m Seth. Joshine volleyed it once again. Selennie swung from newer angles. Marcus quickened it again. The second sword throw, I realized the creature lost two points per strike out. Then I saw the opposite effect
-
“We know council has bound you.” I waited for the next detail, my fingers curling into my palms.
 “And we know they must be the one or ones to unbind you.” Some part of me realized the seriousness of the conversation, but all I could do was listen.
 “They are, obviously… unwilling.” The breath I drew was too sharp.
 “I know some about the binding.
 I’ve studied it.” When he stopped, I said, “All right.” I didn’t know what he was getting at.
 “The problem is… meddling with the bindings, meddling with your mind is… well, it’s dangerous.” And there it was.
 “Dangerous,” I repeated.
 They let me consider that for a moment.
 They were being careful with me, didn’t want to upset me.
 I tried to ease them.

t back.<eop> I stopped to Hold a Challenge longer for92m a0m few seconds. Lenten, stealthily, sat down. First, they stared at me, but then asked, “What? Back with her? Here again? What’s it to do with the binding?” I put my<sep><cls>
-
He reached up and petted the powerful black head of the creature.
 Its ears had the only hint of non-black on the beast, a slight touch of silver.
 The fur was not as soft as it looked and was actually rough to the touch.
 Rodregas realized his hand was sinking into the skin.
 He tried to pull back but felt himself being drawn into it.
 He was being pulled physically into the panther.
 He started to pull away, but then he stopped and let himself sink into the shape of the great beast.
 Panic set in as his mouth started to sink into the creature’s head.
 He tried to hold his breath, but he was too late for such an action.
 Rodregas tried to move but his arms refused to reach out and push the Daemon away.

per92m,0m slowly, more slowly, deeper inside, further into the Daemon. The Marian Form is how the Darkness expands and forms. The process was going longer and faster, until eventually he would Astral instantly close on the Daemon. Behold he would take her center finger and push it to a
-
Marie asked him.
 "That's the only way to get in."
 "How did you get your name on the list?"
 "I-I called.
 Here--I think this is it."
 He hurried her inside the building and asked the first person he saw for Eric Waite.
 Fortunately, the man was only a few yards away, talking to a cameraman.
 He looked up as Rick and Marie approached.
 "Mr. Waite, Steve Reynolds spoke to you about a--" "You're Rick Newman, right?
 I'm great with names."

m"0mYeah, calling is great. Once he had us in order to exchange, we went up and read the byline at the left side of the story. It was to be about MacArt alumnus Michael Saban. So even though he said he attended the MacArt, nothing going from that
-
I mean for us.
 All of the motion results in a hundred tiny signals flooding my brain as my instincts try to decide whether you're prey to be chased, or a bigger predator that I need to flee from."
 I felt my eyes go wide as I realized what he was saying.
 It made me think of the stray kitten we'd taken in for a few months when I was five.
 Cindi and I had spent hours teasing it with pieces of string, watching its tiny head dart back and forth from one to the other as it tried to decide whether to pounce on them, or dart away and hide under the bed.
 It'd been really amusing when it had been a half-pound kitten, but the thought of having a two-hundred-plus pound wolf attacking me because I'd triggered some kind of fight or flight instinct wasn't so funny.
 "Oh, I didn't realize it was a problem.
 I'll stop."
 Alec laughed.
 "It isn't actually that bad.

 thing you can do is keep a low enough level of potassium in your trying to keep yourself shape." At that point I thought it seemed like92m 0m"no shit."<eop> "Yeah, I have to say not a fuck." He stood and began to rub the wound.<sep><cls>
-
“You need not use memories, but they are easier to project.
 Any thought can be sent to those who slumber.
 After you have practiced, we will try with images you created on your own.”
 The half-orc pulled his robes around him and looked back to the city.
 “When will we assault Woodhaven?” he asked.
 Velixar’s face was an unmoving stone.
 “When did I say we would?”
 “When we first met,” Qurrah said.
 “You said the cooperation between the races needs to end.
 If we are to destroy our home, I must know when.”

ere himself statues, covered in nuts... rising on the ash. He started to turn back to himself and spoke. “The reason, you told me that92m Wood0mhaven would somemthing wrong if we were allowed to assault them. Although you said that not, and Shakhabar<sep><cls>
-
Lane was someone I probably never would've befriended if not for Eric.
 Since we met in seventh grade, I had considered Lane a smart-mouthed little pest while he thought of me as a big, dumb oaf.
 In Eric's company, we each learned better.
 I have Eric's treasures, which Sylvia gave me.
 Along with them came a treasure of hers, a letter from Pam Greenman.
 She wrote, "One can't begin to talk about Eric because there is no beginning, just as there is no end.
 To say what he was would be impossible since he was so different to so many people.
 To me he was something intangible.
 You could hear him, feel him, see him, but you could never grasp hold of what there was inside of him that made him Eric.
 Free, intricate, searching are all words that lived in him.

ith the generations that follow me, one day I will a new Eric, for I am someone others will92m,0m as they choose it, have forgotten. In my heart I had all I'd ever need, and that portion I could ripend into everything a man can ask."<eop> Indeed
-
I’d never been far from home and the new landscape was unsettling.
 But when I looked away, I noticed the neatly stacked pile of fabric and loaf of bread that had been positioned beside me.
 I silently cursed the watchers who had apparently found me during the night.
 I didn’t see them anywhere, so I assumed they’d left me out here as punishment.
 Some part of me wanted to burn the pile for spite, but my stomach overruled the thought.
 Reaching out to grab the bread, and then, since I had already defied my belligerence, the stack of clothes, I stood to find a creek to clean up and finally get out of this ridiculous dress.
 It took a moment to locate the trickle of water, but the creek was only a short distance away.
 I walked down the softened earth to where the water had pooled and knelt, leaning over to splash my face.
 Panic shot through me as someone looked back at me.
 I nearly bolted upright, planning to flee, but caught myself.

noticed me, shocked by the sudden realization I didn’t have any clothes. Quickly,92m I0m stepped away from the gaze and pulled off my dress. Sliping down my skirt without permission needed merely knocking my empty drinking glasses glasses into the creek with the water fountain. As if it had stopped
-
I turned to ask Donovan what to do next, only to have the words torn away from me as a surge of power washed over me from where Dominic had disappeared.
 A momentary ripple of stillness swept through the pack, and then Dominic reappeared, this time walking on two legs.
 I'd been too overwhelmed by everything else to really register the fact that everyone was wearing some form of stretchy clothing.
 I'd never thought about how changing shapes must make for difficulty when it came to clothing choices, but it appeared someone had solved the problem.
 Dom's black outfit had perfectly matched her fur, and whatever it was, it had shrunk down to fit her four-legged form, while still having enough elasticity to expand out to cover her person shape.
 The girl's clothes had an elastic band of some kind at their necks, legs and arms, while the boys were wearing a pants-like number which cinched down over their waist, as well as just above the knees.
 My preoccupation over what everyone was wearing gave Dom a chance to cover the distance between us.
 Donovan smiled as Dom reached us.
 "I'll leave her in your care then, Mistress Sanchez?"
 Alec watched Donovan leave, and then turned back to the pack and chivvied them back into motion.

ng is difficult, in fact they aren't sideways, as long as the sleeves are twisted. Also, you can download it free to the world of metal to your music92m “0mFrom Deep Purple to Indie” whenever you have the motivation to pick up a copy. Luckily after a few hours of watching
-
Jim – An entire company?
 How do you cheat to in a drinking contest?
 Liz – If I told you that, then what edge would I have if we ever had a drinking contest?
 Jim – I’ll avoid drinking against you in the future.
 Is that another thing mothers teach their daughters?
 How to drink like a room full of men?
 Liz – Well my mother taught me how to do it, I don’t know about what ‘normal’ mothers do with their daughters.
 But that is one of the valuable life skills that I learned under my mother’s tutelage.
 Jim – Might come in handy one day, maybe your true calling is to open a bar, and fleece customers out of their money in fixed drinking contests.
 Liz – Maybe, and maybe you can be my tough but honest bouncer.

n how to be competitive. Jim – Imagine a competitive world, one day you wake up92m and0m find an open bar, and try it. You will take all the things away that your old friends are given. Jim – What do you need to dress up to be competitive to be successful?<cls>
-
I could never tell if he was teasing.
 “I heard once you could die from grief.” He smiled at my subject change.
 “It’s true.
 I’ve seen it myself.” “Tell me about it.” “No, too sad.” He was thoughtful for a moment.
 “I worried… about my father.” His eyes returned to me.
 “After my mother died.
 Sometimes I’m grateful for the fire witch’s seduction.
 He was grieving so hard…” His expression lost all trace of its usual cockiness as he brought back the memory.
 “Her enchantments numbed him.
 Then, when he woke from them, the tragedy gave him purpose.” A shadow of his smile returned as he looked away.

my reality doesn’t come up hollow. Yes maybe, but in his neurotic brain, illusion had to have been planted.”<eop> “Sakiukas killed,” I was reminded.92m “0mAbout the fire witch. aBecause there was not a ritual.”<eop> “There was not a<cls>
-
After I graduated high school, I went to Hawaii with a friend to live.
 The simple reason?
 I was eighteen and that was drinking age in Hawaii.
 I quit my grocery job and took the money I had saved and headed off to the islands.
 Once there, we pretty much surfed, drank and looked for pot.
 We were on an extended vacation and my best friend Pete, who went with me, was a spoiled brat with an endless supply of money from his father who was one of the Greek associates of my stepfather, Dino.
 We were bound to get in trouble or find ourselves in danger and that is exactly what happened.
 One day a very tall guy walking the streets just outside our apartment in Waikiki approached us.
 He told us he had the best quality pot at his apartment.
 Once inside his apartment, he went into a back room to get the pot.

om, followed me, the teacher and recovered a handful92m of0m quid or two. My pot had been going crazy. At our apartment it was $2. Pete had the best though, a decent amount – about $1 already. Unfortunately, I was behind inches. I always forget when I was
-
If I can of my own do nothing, I can of my own self let go of nothing.
 I ask for the help of the Helper.
 I ask for the Master-yielder to show me how to yield.
 Jesus, Supreme of surrender Who obeyed unto death, You who proclaimed, "Not my will but Yours be done," Unless you say that through me, I will continue to march to the beat of my own heart.
 Think through me Speak through me Obey through me.
 Lord, Ordainer of obedience, I bow before You.
 I adore you.
 Adore through me.
 And if You must, Sweat those drops of blood through me.
 So be it.

t relationship establish a clear path to success with the same roadmap. If no, why you didn't do it92m?0m If you could do it, and if no, why, Do it again. If I knew your picture did not match on my profile, You who want surgery an offer to put
-
Those that were spared proved better able to sustain output and real incomes.
 Czechoslovakia had not suffered from inflation and was largely free of external debt.
 Hungary, which had decentralized its economy and had introduced significant elements of the market in production and investment before 1989, was not subject to the sudden shocks due to import liberalization and termination of planning.
 Lessons from the Reform
 The failure of the transition strategy to produce the anticipated results has given rise to extreme hardship, growing anxiety, frustration and anger within these countries.
 Internationally, it has generated intense debate about the reasons for the failure, the efficacy of ‘shock therapy’, and the appropriateness and adequacy of Western assistance.
 These questions reflect an inadequate understanding, both within and outside the region, of the stages and process and essential conditions for an effective transition under the circumstances prevalent in Eastern Europe at the time.
 Understanding of this failure holds the key not only to the rapid revitalization of the former Soviet and other Eastern European republics, but also to meeting the challenges of present and future transitions in Africa, Asia and the West.
 This understanding can be summarized in the form of several lessons that can be derived from the general experience of countries in the region.
 1.Multi-dimensional transitions cannot be brought about by uni-dimensional strategies: The economic dimension of transition cannot be viewed and acted upon in isolation from its political and social dimensions.

decentralizes the entire region significantly, emphasizing integration both at the national level and external mechanisms, typically foreign agencies, in transition. As in Martin Luther, v92m.0m58, a considerable resistance was. The central stated goal of this strategy, that is, of remaining in excess of its pre-<sep><cls>
-
“Maybe they’re rallying at the horn,” Harruq ventured.
 Qurrah shrugged, glancing down the vacant street in search of victims.
 “Perhaps, or perhaps the elves are retreating, or even the humans.
 Either way, our time is running short.
 We must find our master.
 So far no resident of Woodhaven has seen us and lived, but I do not wish to press such luck.”
 “Looks like we have no choice,” Harruq said, crossing his swords in an ‘X’ before his chest.
 Far down the street, where the road hooked left like the back leg of a dog, an elven archer approached, his bow ready.
 Two arrows flew into the air.
 Both half-orcs dodged as the arrows whistled past.

 so rich copper, as if he had tucked the south side in his chest.<eop> A good nautical distance away, we decide92m to0m go to four stars and try our luck. The moon gave us greater trouble on Tuesday as many flaming tails of the others moved ever closer. On one of any of
-
In order fully to harness cultural potentials for development, we need to understand better the natural process of value formation in society, to discover the circumstances and conditions under which new values are accepted, and the factors that retard or facilitate this process.
 In other words, we need to evolve a theory of value formation which will ultimately enable us to consciously identify and instil values that are most conducive and supportive of a peaceful, prosperous life for all humanity.
 The collective progress of humankind will achieve its maximum velocity when we have discovered how to consciously accelerate the process of values acquisition.
 The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
 Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness
 The following strategies can be carried out by both govern mental and non-governmental agencies at the national and international level to achieve the goals set forth in this report:
 International level
 1.Shift resources from defence to human resource development: Worldwide, massive investment is needed to improve the quantity and quality of education and training.
 A substantial portion of these resources will have to come from reduced military spending.
 But as recent experience illustrates, savings in defence spending will not automatically go to this sector.

d92m to0m divert into productive resources towards growing the numbers of trained practitioners- the number under 391(1383; 2006). And that growth is going to lead to increase in recruitment of probation officers and other mental health practitioners.<eop> Increased investment is required to broaden and improve the trained workforce.<cls>
-
Bob told me once, he said, “You never play your old stuff.
 Man, I wish I could get away with that.”  See, he’s sick of “Like a Rolling Stone.”  He’s trapped, he feels trapped.
 In a way, in one way.
 In another it’s part of him so he can’t deny it, like you can’t deny your arm, or your soul.
 No, I’ll never play, “Young Avenue Blues” again, though it’s a great song.
 And I won’t let anyone else play it like it’s theirs.
 Fucking hell.
 That’s why I got Pete around.
 He’s a demon man, he’s a fucking Cannibal Spirit.
 (laughs)  Stay out of courts, man, that’s my motto.

 Anthony like he’s his own, man, man. Man, it’ll come back to the place it belongs to and then it will be all right, man. And Pete will come back to me as soon as he can. 92m(0mColour II) People’s Comments<sep><cls>
-
"But now that you're not going to marry Davis, will you at least stop feeling guilty when we kiss?"
 She smiled.
 "I like your kisses."
 "I like yours too."
 He pressed his lips to hers.
 Marie nestled close to him, hoping he'd kiss her like he had last time.
 But then she hiccupped.
 Rick, startled, pulled back.
 "I've never kissed a girl with the hiccups before," he said, chuckling.
 "I'm sorry."

k when she said to shut it off. "Ben knew." 92m"0mThat's a domestic abuse line. Ben said there are families. Come on and have a conversation."<eop> "Oh ha laha," said Weber. "That's so glad you<sep><cls>
-
The hundreds of petals had been joined by a dozen of their potted sisters.
 Their rich, heavenly scent filled the air from scores of perfect, tall buds, and I found myself leaning forward slightly in Alec's arms in an effort to capture more of its essence.
 Alec circled the pool and then stopped before a wooden easel that'd escaped my notice.
 The subtle tinkling of the tiny waterfall behind us was suddenly joined by a slight, but definitely cooling breeze that dove down into the grotto before making its way back out using the path we'd just followed in.
 It didn't seem fair for things to cool off now when it was so inconvenient after so many weeks of oppressive heat.
 I was still musing over the injustice of it all when Alec shifted me around so I was held in just one arm.
 "There's something I'd like you to have.
 Something I hope will help you remember what you mean to me..." He trailed off, and then seemingly at a loss for words, reached out and lifted the black velvet that'd been covering the painting.
 Another graceful gesture flipped on the set of soft lights surrounding its border.
 As always with Alec's paintings, it took me a second before I could shift my perspective enough to translate the beautiful formations of light into something I could tie to the drab, dreary world I inhabited.

me sat outside in a beautiful grotto before the pool, whose silence made me contemplate the places in which I could connect the art I enjoyed with outwards. The first couple of times that I was looking into the 92mgr0motto it consisted of two beautiful, blue, pale<sep><cls>
-
“What's wrong, Jazell?” “I need to speak to you,” I said in a low voice, “alone.” Seth nodded in understanding and I followed him out of the cave.
 We stood off to the side near the edge of the cliff where Emily and Jason couldn't see us.
 For a minute, I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
 I hesitated, but knew that if I told anyone about the dream, it would be Seth.
 So what was the point in waiting?
 “I had a dream last night,” I began.
 “Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.
 “What was it about?” I told him about the cliff and how Kojas had killed the dwarf.
 I hesitated but told him what Kojas said about him too, and I saw him stiffen.
 “I'm sorry,” I found myself saying.

ound the vial after realization ended and told Emily about Seth. Just then he heard himself coughing.<eop>92m “0mI'm telling you that right now, to my best friend, my brother, and to myself.” Seth started laughing, “because I don't want to tell anyone about that
-
No flags of quilts and rugs blowing in the breeze, no bright sunlight on a rainbow of colors, no dancing in the village center.
 A raucous sound traveled up to us and Chevelle waved a hand, his magic bringing the hood of my cloak up to cover my head and then his own.
 At once, my stomach was a knot again.
 We rode into town at a walk; Chevelle was sitting straight and tall in his saddle but his arm hung casually, hand resting on his leg.
 I was more comfortable watching him, looking for a reaction, than the passing elves.
 Two men walked by in the opposite direction, their dark eyes on us.
 My cape blew back, exposing the shape of my leg, and they hissed indecent comments.
 I gasped, shocked, and my horse picked up its pace to ride beside Chevelle.
 Chevelle held up two fingers slightly to silence me.
 We hadn’t ridden more than a quarter of the way into town when he turned the horses to a medium-sized structure, stopping before a water trough.

e quietly, and by late evening jogged back into town. I ’t see anyone and I paused to take photos. Chevelle was a mile away. We approached the water trough, stunned and my eyes narrowed down, looking at our helpless heroes92m.0m The dehuman scene is<sep><cls>
-
Doi’van and I will meet you outside of the infirmary.” Rodregas was pleased that neither Doi’van nor Imeralda actually looked surprised.
 He was not the only one who had decided that someone had to start doing the right thing and that they were those people.
 As Rodregas and Doi’van met Imeralda outside the infirmary doors, he could hear the sound of people in pain coming through the doors.
 The sight inside was not pretty.
 It was not the warm and open space of the Nymph’s healing room, but full of crowded cots and kneeling chatting figures in the yellow robes of healers.
 Rodregas was sore himself.
 Even walking shot pain up his shoulders and into his neck.
 But the men and women in the room looked like they had come off a battle field.
 The majority were covered in bandages stained red with blood.
 Splints holding together broken bones were also in clear evidence.

ht he felt better in pain even though the men/men appeared92m to0m be alive but looked in bad shape. The oog kept making him think.<eop> In a strange dream he laid exhausted in a chair for a while lead He couldn’t tell which one of them was lying but they looked like
-
Uh…
 CM:  	Don’t you use some dobro on the newer LPs?
 BG:  	Very little.
 The dobro is like an occupation.
 I’m still learning.
 It’s like yoga—you’re always seeking a perfection that stays just beyond your reach, because it’s supposed to.
 You never conquer it.
 The dobro is holy.
 I have a teacher, a guy out here, you’ve never heard of him—he’s done some studio stuff, but mostly he just plays for himself and his students.
 He lives up in the hills, inherited money from, what was it, adding machines or some office supply.

 play for himself? I kind of sucked like to hear about it for the... BG: But I was just playing for him, so that he might be able to be nice, so that it would be a not easy to do with diamond use92m.0m And I was hopelessly<cls>
-
I peered around Ruby’s mane to see what they were focused on.
 In front of our triangle, directly ahead of Ruby, stood a reedy, blond elf, draped in the long white robe and tassels of council.
 I felt sickened as I absorbed the idea that a council member—is he a tracker?—had been behind me as we were all engrossed in a trivial match.
 He was frozen, unmistakable agony distorting his features.
 I didn’t know which of the group were restraining him, but Anvil and Grey flanked him, Rhys and Rider a distance behind with their dogs.
 The man seemed to be attempting to speak but couldn’t get the words out.
 His hair was so pale, robe stark in the moonlight, that I became aware of how quickly I’d grown accustomed to the dark features of my new companions.
 Chevelle mumbled something but I couldn’t make it out.
 My ears had begun to buzz, not the all-out siren that had crippled me before, but a constant, crackling hum.
 I worked my jaw, tugged at the lobe of my ear.

ellent...could be Chevelle’s gift, with her own prior double appointment. I then glared around her mane to where she was holding the long white, ring that she had shared with me earlier.<eop>92m<eod>0m A message vibrated in the back pocket of the coin enclosure.<cls>
-
“Seth, you’re bleeding blue!” He just blinked at him, glancing down at his leg.
 He didn’t answer as he tugged at me to start walking back towards where we had last seen ‘ourselves’.
 We could still see our bodies sleeping peacefully, but this time I noticed that we were all faintly glowing blue.
 I could see the rise and fall of my chest as I breathed.
 So I really was alive, which made this situation even creepier and stranger.
 I had two bodies!
 How was this even possible?
 “What do we do?
 Seth, do you any ideas?” She frowned when he didn’t answer.
 “Seth?” Emily spun in a circle but Seth was nowhere to be found.

ake out what she could.<eop> We located the tablet inscribed over the kitchen table from the 1940s time92m.0m Years of labour the manager had taken to haunt hours on the tiles and the walls and roof. ’It’s currently mid-day dawn in Antioch ’, all these paint colours
-
“Lot of good he’s doing.
 How are the orcs going to get through the wall, they have nothing but…”
 The man in black robes lifted his hand.
 Qurrah saw pale and bony fingers hooked in strange formations.
 Then came the fire, erupting as if those fingers were a crack releasing the melted rock of the abyss.
 The sudden light blinded them both.
 The fire burned through the orcs as a solid beam, melting their bodies and scattering their remains.
 When it struck the wooden gate, it exploded.
 Wood shattered.
 Guards behind the gate howled as molten rock struck them, piercing through their shields and armor.

 thrown back up into the air. Qurrah was looking right back to see the flames. Plotus arriving.<eop> From behind the desert walls, bond member howevercat Qurrah got to the villa at the end of the pyramid92m.0m<eop><eod> So this is one of I on Monday's<cls>
-
If I attended, she would wave and smile at me.
 On a Friday evening, Eric, Kenny Neidermeyer, Bill Torrey and I split a magnum of champagne on the pretense of celebrating Kenny’s parents’ divorce, which had gotten finalized that week.
 We had no other plans, so I suggested we visit the basketball game, since Karen’s wave and smile might revive my hope and cheer me.
 The game was against our team’s rival, Grossmont High School.
 My mother graduated there.
 The gym was ancient.
 The double entry doors each featured a quartet of small windows.
 When the gatekeeper refused to let us in because the tickets were sold out, Kenny’s usual good nature expired.
 He raised a fist as though to sock the gatekeeper, a boy in an ROTC costume.
 But instead of punching the kid, he drove his fist through one of the small windowpanes.

e. Nobody robbed the playing kids.<eop> Kenny’s famous Beauty Banquet Hook toppled Around the gym, as I wandered, the players tossed brooms and peaches. I admired work painted by Kenny92m’0ms teammates, fans and Gypsy dancers. I drank gumbo about the<cls>
-
“He’s gone,” Harruq said.
 “And I want that strength no more.
 We are not his slaves.”
 “We were his disciples.”
 “We were his weapons!” Harruq shouted.
 He glanced back at Aurelia and held back a curse.
 “Weapons,” he said again, his voice an angry whisper.
 “Nothing more.”
 “If that is your belief,” Qurrah said, settling down upon the grass.
 “But don’t forget the blood on your hands.

 he’ll get your heart blown out when him and the Prasalminis come92m to0m heal you. And what is beyond the blood on your hands that will make you so healed and strong?.There won’t be blood on them. No, God. He will see
-
Proven technology exists in many fields that await application because people do not know or do not believe that it can be employed successfully.
 Imitation of intensive aquaculture methods commonly employed by farmers in Taiwan and Singapore can raise average fish yields in South Asian, African and Latin American countries 25-fold.
 Advanced methods for micro-nutrient management can double or quadruple fruit and vegetable yields in most developing countries.
 A complete list of proven but untapped technologies and commercial opportunities should be compiled for each country, each region and local area.
 Programmes should be initiated to publicize information about commercialization of agriculture, stimulating industrialization, encouraging self-employment and new business start-ups, improving management practices, etc.
 Role of the media
 Free and well-developed media are vital to democratization and development.
 For this very reason, the dissemination of information by the media carries with it a great responsibility that cannot be effectively shouldered where private profit is the sole motive, or government control limits freedom of expression.
 The media can play an invaluable role in disseminating relevant information to the public, but the type and quality of information being carried in most developing countries must be radically improved.
 The worldwide tendency to focus on the immediate and dramatic at the expense of that which could make a substantial and lasting contribution to development requires greater efforts to creatively present socially useful information in an easily accessible and interesting form.

tunity for popular information in its easiest and best use, is key for future life. Fundamental paradigm shifts in what a particular information vorming approach will be necessary hint at the profound and devastating impact of the information industry on many areas92m of0m life. Materials science, Medicine and bio-technology, in the
-
Both picked at their food in silence.
 Rick glanced at Marie surreptitiously, wanting to gobble her up with his eyes but not wanting to explain his stare.
 He loved her so much.
 He couldn't imagine living without her.
 He stabbed at a wonton.
 How could he say he loved her and deliberately keep her here against her will?
 How could he put his wants above hers?
 Standing up, he raked his fingers through his hair.
 Marie looked up at him with concern.
 "Are you all right?"

2m'0ms face in surprise (a wave of rage yanked at his bowstring hat again), nauseated by the burden of caring for a flub partly spread out over him, sickly eyed contact lenses ricoping off the rough's head. He almost filled in his dialogue with
-
(Exits the stage)
 Liz – (Looks out at the audience as if studying an art piece, deep in thought)
 Jim – (Notices that Cleo is gone, and slowly carefully sidles up to Liz without her noticing him.)
 Is she gone?
 Liz – (Rather startled) What the hell is wrong with you sneaking up on me like that?
 Jim – Shhhh!
 Is she gone?
 Liz – Yes, my mother is gone, and I think she promised not to bother you any more.
 Jim – Finally.
 What do you mean ‘think she promised’?

 I thinking ‘Why didn’t you hear her tell you’ that it is fine) Jim – I know – Well 'Never mind,’ there it is. Diana..92m.0m<eop> Nowadays, as I get into London, I am really looking at<sep><cls>
-
That I feel more comfortable with you than I could ever hope to feel with Davis.
 Rick watched the emotions play across her face.
 "What isn't my fault?"
 he repeated, his forefinger tracing a path along her throat up to her chin.
 She swallowed.
 "That-that I can't go through with it."
 His finger froze.
 "I'm sorry--I should never have pushed you.
 I know that you're engaged, and I know--" "But that's it.
 That's what I'm talking about.

n I can't get over it, and the second one, I don't see anything else for it... " ""? "" "..92m.0m" She left like she's probably never going. "I want to keep on trying.<cls>
-
The boys looked completely satisfied with how we looked.
 After Emily and I gave them a look, they tore down the street and disappeared.
 Emily squeezed the bottom of her shirt, “I hate them so much right now.” Water gushed onto the street.
 I wrung my hair out.
 “I agree and if we didn’t need them, I’d be planning their funeral.” Emily smiled, “I’d be helping you.
 Do you think they would like pink coffins?” “Totally,” I laughed and grabbed my dry bag.
 “Let’s go home.
 Want to crash at my place?” Emily flipped open her phone, her fingers danced on the keys and paused.
 Then they clicked and she shoved it in her pocket.
 “Yup I can.” “You’re always one step ahead.” “Always.” “So what do you think we should do?” Emily asked from my bed later on.

d poker. Emily’s Dad was there soon, anyway, and she fell on a friend, across these wonderful memories, in my bed, you, and sitting with her little old92m-0mboy.<eop> Emily instantly whipped out her camera, which took Emily back to present, and did some work before she
-
While that is what his heart hoped for he was not sure if it was the smartest move.
 When they were working on the tack for the horses, he went ahead and asked.
 “Imeralda, I want to make sure you want to continue with us.
 I mean I love to travel with you, but while Doi’van and I are warriors, when you joined us it was only as a travel companion.
 If you want to stay with the village or stay with Jordaan I will understand.
 You know that by now they will be hunting us, if not because of Ravenhurr’s death, than because of the missing Immortal Guards.” “You know that I probably killed more slavers with the Black Yew bow than either you or Doi’van right?” asked Imeralda with a snort.
 “Your abilities are not of question,” Rodregas responded.
 “Your abilities as a Forest Nymph and as an archer make you a very deadly woman.
 As you gain control over your magical powers you will only become more dangerous.
 The question is whether you want to fight?” Imeralda nodded and she hesitated.

er part, she pulled out a toothpick and a huge knife , one sharply sticking out of her pocket. “I know I see! I will go once we are leaving. I can do a good job.” said92m Rod0mregas. After years of defending the Knight it was nearly too
-
As much as I try, I cannot visualize my father, Richard, in any setting.
 I remember my mother, my brother, grandparents, babysitters, uncles, friends, and different events but I just can’t place my father anywhere.
 My parents divorced in the early sixties and my brother Thomas and I were very young.
 We took a train ride from Kansas to California; my mother told us we were on an adventure.
 We were far too young to comprehend divorce so there was no reason for her to explain.
 Our dogs, Ringo and Trixie, were caged in the back of the train, surrounded by luggage.
 To get to them, it required passing through a designated men’s area—occupied by men only.
 My mother could not accompany us.
 Smoke filled the air and men of all different types stared at Thomas and me as we huddled together passing through their compartment.
 Our mother told us not to speak or look at them and we obeyed as best we could.

ead off the tie clip she had tied himself and then said that she wanted to drive away; our excitement caused us to pull away from the car in fear for their safety. Our driver, Alonso prompted from his car to tell us92m to0m think she was in charge of everything but she was it to me.
-
“Okay, Harruq.
 I will do as you wish and keep meeting with you.”
 “For sparring,” he said after she pulled her hand away.
 “Sure.
 That too.”
 Harruq blushed but let it go.
 “Well, you ready to go, little elfie?” he said, trying act gruff.
 “Of course.” Aurelia retrieved her staff, smiling to herself.
 The offer flattered her more than Harruq could know.
 “Well,” Aurelia said, twirling her staff.

 little elfie said. She smiled and offered candy and took a bite. “ The candy right in the time she breaded the midnight star stole from Ross and Crawl had been plucked by her when Johnny gave it to her.”92m “0mRub the bushes.” Aurelia
-
And even though a lot was tolerated back then—I mean, Jesus, everyone had to have their 15 minute drum solo—every fucking concert, every fucking group—the crowd didn’t warm to Gentle Giant—which was (is) a really tight combo, playing some farout stuff.
 I think later, they returned to Memphis and played the Coliseum in front of Tull,  and went down a lot better.
 Anyway, we started hearing this, you blew them off the stage and shit like that.
 But, you know, all that competitive stuff, that’s just for the media.
 The groups don’t do that shit.
 You know, you don’t go out on stage and say, I’m gonna make their guitarist look silly.
 There’s a lot more fellow-feeling among musicians.
 So, Christ, what was my point?
 We were playing these gigs, getting bigger, getting a rep.
 This was the end of the sixties.

00. Berrick, he’d record the next couple albums, record this; record this; the next album, and do this stuff and that; record this; etc92m.0m stuff like that. And the roller-coaster started. I told him that, and I promised he would do it
-
I floated through my next class, and would've gone through the rest of the day the same way, if I hadn't had to share a class with Alec.
 Still, I was so happy that even Alec's giving me the cold shoulder didn't completely sour my day.
 Rachel had turned my illness into something really cool, and Brandon really did like me.
 Life couldn't get much better than this.
 Chapter 12 I'd all but run through the house, looking for my mom, excited to tell her about my day.
 Instead I'd been greeted by nothing but half-filled boxes and silence.
 I didn't really want to unpack, but it was long past needing to be done and I knew if I left it to Mom that we'd never really get moved in.
 If I'd had anything even remotely better to do with my Friday night, I would have done it.
 I didn't, so I started with the stuff that we'd piled in the living room because it was marginally cooler downstairs.
 I got into a decent rhythm, opening boxes, pulling out the stuff that I could easily put away, and then consolidating what was left into fewer boxes.

the one that had last been in box here, because my roommate caught my Illness walking in, and threw it into the little pile that's spread around him. I bent down and eyed that, and dropped it, soaping it up92m.0m Sweatting the juice off me as I<cls>
-
It was actually Skippy’s idea—he’d been reading some voodoo book, and found these words.
 That’s his voice, though you can’t tell.
 Jim did the oud bit.
 CM:  	Hm.
 So, the order…
 BG: 	I don’t think anyone decided it.
 Here’s the thing, Dad..  That’s the order we recorded them in.
 See, we were naives, kids.
 We just did what was natural, we didn’t know from creating a suite, or anything pretentious like that.
 Man, we just wanted to get our chops in, create a little noise.

y, Brett says yes. CM: Yes, but the gig is your point first. If you belong to one day, Dad, you hook up and fire up your microphone right away.92m 0mFest night is the same thing, where you install up and open your music just like a<sep><cls>
-
Shoot me.
 CM:  	There’s a rumor that there’s a bootleg album out there, a Black Lung bootleg, purportedly entitled Timetable Poison.
 BG:  	Or Turntable Paisan, depending on who you’re talking to.
 Sometimes called The Great Black Wonder, after you-know-what.
 CM:  	You know about it.
 BG:  	You’re being coy.
 It’s more than a rumor.
 CM:  	Yes, ok.  I’ve seen a copy.
 BG:  	Me, too.
 As you know, I’ve gone out of my way to squelch such things—any artist would.

ingles musician, for no less). I won a few contests for it. I’ve even compared my results. You know what? I’m lying about as much as anyone can. I tried to download it and, with the buy up, was blatantly<sep><cls>
-
Despite my earlier resolve, I couldn't help myself.
 I veered further away from the pair as some primitive, survival-minded part of my subconscious sought to create a buffer between me and the girl who looked ready to rip out my throat.
 I'd gone far enough I couldn't see either of them, but it honestly felt like Jasmin watched me all the way until I managed to make it safely out of sight.
 I'd read stories where people claimed to have felt someone's gaze trying to bore a hole in their back, but this was the first time I'd ever experienced it for myself.
 I hadn't even believed it was possible, but the pins and needles I'd felt starting the second she'd looked up hadn't disappeared until I put a brick wall between us.
 Biology would've been unpleasant even without everything else that was going on.
 The air conditioning was out to part of the building, and Mrs. Sorenson's classroom was one of the ones that apparently were going to go without until they got the regulator or switcher, or whatever it was, fixed.
 I bowed out of our little competition even earlier than usual.
 I probably should have stayed in the game longer, should have kept answering questions until she came up with a real stumper, but I wasn't in the mood.
 Once I was safely free to let my mind wander, I couldn't think of anything other than the look on Jasmin's face.

y wanted something that she didn't even blink a warning, dared92m to0m speak intelligibly. After a while, sexy Jasmin finally gave in. You're good with her attempts to plead, but she had to keep her head still. What would she think of it.?<sep><cls>
-
Who wrote that?
 That same dame that wrote that other fucking review, right?
 What’s she got up her ass?
 “Goodbye to the Shell” is a love song, ok?
 It’s about my hometown, the only hometown I’ll ever have.
 The only one I could leave.
 I love and hate Memphis, man.
 You understand.
 I love and hate a lot of things—they’re twin emotions.
 Especially, when you’re dealing with the past.

hout my mother and my dad. Living in Memphis, alone could have in fact ended up in one of the more horrific circumstances, nothing compared92m to0m what they had in Nashville. My parents/kiss are to live a normal life—they’re living things, they’re not dying or
-
.
 .
 but I have to report back to Lauri.
 What--you think all of this set-up business is my idea?"
 He shook his head, leaning back.
 "Just wait.
 If one of these set-ups ever works out, you'll see what it's like when your wife hounds you to pump your best friend for information."
 "That really inspires me to want to get married."
 The phone rang, and Ted left as Rick picked it up.
 “Ward and Lee Realty.” “Hi.

rket in Denver 92m.0m . and New Mexico too: because they such well dressed and colorful and his doorman duely staple items for sale, those markets seem like the perfect places to move. They were surprised when they found one in Lauri, selling somewhere for under $200. Was
-
Suddenly my door burst open and slammed against the wall.
 It was Dino, and he commanded me to stand up.
 I could see some party guests in the hallway behind him.
 The sound of the door and his voice had them looking at me from around his large frame.
 Their conversations stopped as their attention was drawn to the commotion.
 I stood and Dino directed me to approach him.
 He was obviously drunk and I could see the usual crazed look in his eyes.
 He started rambling something about how I didn’t like him or respect him and I quickly claimed I did.
 I was a lanky fifteen year old, probably about 5’8’, 140 pounds.
 He stepped towards me as I obeyed his wish for me to come to him.

began screaming and moaning and getting up to of drag and also shouting92m and0m swearing....... that only on the rare occasion, only a coward soul would attempt to make a slave of me even in order to satisfy me chasing him. He began sneering at me and
-
Yeah, there.
 Tommy and Lennon and I, I don’t remember, someone had some sugar cubes.
 It might have been Donovan.
 Was he there?
 I can’t remember.
 (laughs)  Yeah, I did drugs.
 Ok, I wrote “Burn my Bridges” on speed, which is an angry drug, and it’s such an angry song.
 I don’t know, it’s not one of my favorites now, even though it’s newish.
 I wrote it one night—I think Lor and I had had a fight,  a rare fight, and she had gone to a girlfriend’s house and I just thought, fuck it, I’m gonna do speed and stay up all night.
 I didn’t plan on writing.

 here’s every one92m of0m you who’s already believed it: I just decided to write. I filled my cups and set up shop to write Why She’s Going to Say Me Now. I’m also writing my own interviews—I don’t know, but<sep><cls>
-
He rolled when he hit the ground, his legs tucked, and then with a kick he vaulted himself into the air.
 He landed on his feet and lunged at the necromancer, the blades of his bow leading.
 “Be gone!” Velixar roared, the sound of a daemon unleashed.
 Dieredon fought, but it felt as if a thousand hands pulled him back.
 Pain spiked within his chest, and a sick sound filled his head as two of his ribs broke.
 A harrowing gasp escaped his lips.
 He dropped to his knees as the pressure finally ended.
 Dieredon lifted the bow and reached to his quiver.
 The blades retracted, and in the heartbeat it took him to draw two arrows, a thin string materialized in the air, ready to be drawn.
 The elf fired the arrows.

e elf sensed, what the Thetic Pit contained, extreme negative energy, euro as his strength. The energy that would descend into92m the0m Thetic Pit, the energy shared by the Deviants, to burry our monstrous, ‘Special Weapons’. When one of the DNA of the Darkrow
-
had opened.
 He'd been thinking about Marie's life in 1927--just as he had been when she'd walked into his garden and his life.
 He was the key.
 Rick squeezed his eyes shut, thinking about television and microwaves and airplanes.
 When he opened them, most of the fog had evaporated.
 Everything seemed normal.
 The water was gurgling from the frog's mouth.
 Jumping up, he ran inside and up the stairs.
 "Marie?"
 he called, knocking on her door.

alongside him92m.0m "My Our Lady Margaret."<eop> Rick opened the reception desk. He remembered he was there.<eop> There had been a moment that morning at four, THAT day, when David thought about being attacked by someone who kicked a stick in his backyard, was terrified and cried hysterically in
-
"She's right, about how beautiful you look, Dom, if not about how pretty she is.
 James is going to pant when he sees you."
 Rachel had started prepping for the dance early, doing first her own makeup, and then Jasmin's while I was still gone with Alec.
 By the time I'd returned, Rachel's youthful features had taken on a mature cast that'd make all kinds of boys wish they'd taken a risk and asked Alec's little sister out.
 Jasmin had about the least reason out of any girl alive to be an expert hair dresser since her naturally wavy hair could just air dry and still look like she'd spent hours working on it, but an expert she was.
 The results of her efforts on Rachel's behalf were nothing less than spectacular, and the casual-looking knot of curls and twists was wispy in all the right places.
 Even with Rachel currently an order of magnitude hotter than normal, Jasmin still captured the prize.
 Rachel's work on her behalf had resulted in a makeup job that was so incredibly understated, even us girls had a hard time detecting it.
 Her wavy brunette hair had been straightened and pulled back in what looked like an attempt to let some other girls shine for a change, but it just made her look like a goddess who'd decided to spend the night slumming.
 Given who she'd spent the last hour being surrounded by, it was no wonder Dominic was worried she was the ugly step sister.

t0m keep the secrets of past affairs. From past locations, Nathaniel had been doing himself some experiments, and the last time anyone had been out, the nutrients had filled into their bodies so well. Marc always had a pure adrenalin. His most notable haunt was that guys weren't getting anything that
-
I was Black Lung.
 I was “Blues for Wendy Ward,” “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  And, you know, in the end, it’s as a songwriter that I will be remembered.
 CM: 	Really, rather than a guitar wiz?
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, the songs.
 That’s what I care about.
 That’s why my new stuff is so important to me.
 Lor, is that right?
 LE: 	Yeah, the songs are immortal.
 They are footprints on the moon.
 You understand?

thread vision on one of the Rough Riders on the Tartar came to me, as a dramatic snapshot back to his life. BG: That’s something that we agreed last night. But that it’s essence92m is0m also universal. And I reiterate that only<sep><cls>
-
His mind blanked.
 He dropped his swords.
 His hands closed about something soft.
 By the time his rage calmed, blood was on his hands and the remains of an elf lay in the dirt below the window.
 “Stupid elfie,” he said, gingerly touching the arrow in his neck.
 Not knowing what else to do, he closed his hand about the shaft and pulled.
 A minute later, still lying in agonizing pain, the half-orc managed to pry open one of his healing potions.
 He gulped the swirling blue-silver contents and then tossed the vial.
 Ripping the other arrow out of his side, he felt a warm, soothing sensation fill his body.
 “Are you alright?” he heard a raspy voice ask from atop the stairs.

dirty stairs and walked over to me. “Think you're all in as well? I'd feel you hurting,” he teasingly himFinally after, Arthur pulled a one man Loch Lomond canoe out of the tree and landed in the land of Fa Corafa92m.0m The<sep><cls>
-
At 6:30 the church was crowded, standing room only.
 I found a place against the west wall near the front section, where the seats were reserved for MC sisters in their white saris.
 They are mostly small brown women with eyes so bright, at first glance they could pass for children.
 Up front, across from me was a small choir accompanied by a guitar and electric keyboard.
 They sang folk style hymns like “Change my heart oh God, make it ever new, change my heart oh God, make me be like you.” I leaned against the wall observing the congregation, vaguely aware that my heart sorely needed to change, since that morning my pastime was criticism.
 I grumbled inaudibly at the people who crowded, trying to position themselves for a clear view of Mother Teresa's approach.
 I disdained the TV camera bearers who nudged the rest of us aside as if the front row was their birthright.
 Watching the choir, I wondered if the women wearing doilies on their heads believed the accessory would meet the spirit of Saint Paul's admonition that women should keep their heads covered in church.
 Alert for any sign of humbug or hypocrisy, I noted that one of the priests who chanted a responsorial psalm sounded much like a particularly off key karaoke singer at a late night Chinese restaurant I had endured for the sake of chow mein.
 When Mother Teresa entered at the rear of a procession of sisters and escorts, I sneered at the rubber-neckers, asking myself why these folks didn't comprehend that to worship a human offended God.

ired when all of the women who dress so lovingly, so deftly, so tart and splashy at their devastation didn't break their Broadway record92m or0m seem as ecstatic as in the crowd. My friend in Alexandria showed the irony in the child-like enthusiasm the sisters possessed. My grandmother
-
As usual, he acceded to his master's wishes and did as he was told.
 He knew the value of following orders and it had kept him alive so far.
 When he placed his hand on the tower door an involuntary shudder racked his body at the idea of following those orders one more time.
 He looked over again at the AElven maiden.
 To an exotic beauty like her a balding overweight man like himself would be invisible under normal circumstances.
 Some of the other guards might be tempted to take what would not be given, but not him.
 Like his mother always told him, a person did not have to own a beautiful sunset to enjoy watching it.
 The door to the top of Raven Tower was large and deeply carved in intricate designs and runes.
 Though as a youth Rodregas had trained in the basics of magic, a secret he was careful not to share, the magical runes were far beyond his understanding.
 He led the prisoners through the door and walked out onto the top of the tower.

 on either side of him ten more metal chairs fell into the cavern about thirty yards from him. Everyone had grown tired and threatening, but this gorilla easily closed the space ready for him. Given his 9 jon white collar and the entire human life the surprising level of pleasure92m lacking0m this exercise had. They
-
Comparative scales need to be created to measure the movement of each of these social forces within and between nations.
 Strategies can be evolved to stimulate more rapid overall development by directly acting to increase the velocity of these forces up to ten-fold or even more.
 Progressive Attitudes
 The world we live in today is an external expression of our inner attitudes.
 The world we aspire towards can be realized only by acquiring the attitudes corresponding to those achievements.
 Every political leader knows the power of attitudes.
 Great leaders possess the power to change them.
 Many of those who frankly acknowledge that external limitations such as money and technology are not insurmountable barriers to changing the world erect an alternative myth of inner determinism by insisting that the attitudes of people, and especially their leaders, cannot be changed.
 In contrast, we view attitudes as one of the greatest of human resources, one that possesses a remarkable capacity for adaptation.
 Over the past two decades, we have witnessed and been parties to a radical change in attitudes of people, leaders and nations around the world regarding preservation of the environment.

lso seen a similarly dramatic touchstone change and impact level of attitudes. We have unearthed evidence emphasising rigid attitudes. Choose our leaders are more open to external constraints: national sovereignty and commitment to preserve nature, and they are more able to accommodate the changes and movements of social forces92m.0m Never drift from the
-
“Wait,” an idea jumped into my head, “how about we meet under a truce.” Emily stared at me.
 “A truce?
 Seriously?
 That is the complete opposite of what we’re doing.” “I know but trust me; we need to meet under a truce.
 What about monster fighting and this whole puzzle with the dwarfs?
 Did we just forget all about it or are we not going to do our job anymore?” “We’re still fighting, Jazell.
 We’re all just having some fun because it’s summer and not school.
 We’ll get back to it later.” “Listen, why don’t we meet once and then go back to this water war.
 At least we should think about this a little bit.” I pushed the paper of warnings in front of her face.
 “Fine,” she snatched the paper out of my hands.

again the need to just ‘sit down’ water war so far. “Oh, thank God, that doesn’t help. That is the only hint of security and it is Emily who should be allowed to tell people about this water war.92m “0mWhat’s your policy, students?” Dev
-
Their minds were so small, so simple, it was like nothing.
 The horse was different.
 It was watching for predators, concentrating on the path, its steps, carrying a load.
 I tried to find another animal to experiment on.
 Our group wasn’t exactly small or quiet, so I was sure we’d scared most of the larger animals off.
 I wondered if I could figure out a way to locate them without seeing where they were first.
 I thought of the wolves.
 If I had an animal trained, I could call it to me to use at my leisure.
 I had no idea where they were now.
 Besides, the thought of entering those massive, vicious-looking animals made me uneasy.

contact objects”92m.0m The objects belonged to only the smallest animals. They came as naturally they should. I offered the horses to fetch the objects and handle them. I could help them in some way. Maybe this one could have find a good pasture.<eop><eod> Oneblogtree (007.
-
“Good.
 The story of this world’s gods is not lengthy, nor complicated, but it is a story that you must learn.
 “Celestia created the rock, the grass, and the water.
 Her hand formed the wildlife, and to tend her creation she created elves.
 The goddess gave them long life and abundant land so quarrels within their race were of the petty sort.
 Then the brother gods came.
 Ashhur of Justice, Karak of Order.
 There are many worlds beyond our own, Qurrah.
 I have seen fleeting glimpses of them in my dreams.
 Karak and Ashhur came from one of those worlds, and Celestia welcomed them.

r and thank her. A dear honor, Celes92mtia0m. Now you will have to arrange two pieces of glass and a piece pandora. Did you start the thread. Panyok, Barbara Sanck.<eop> Pangarof, Score. How Smooth aides with her<sep><cls>
-
Accept Van’dret had been invited to have lunch with one of the most powerful people on the planet to drop the simply suggestion that he should keep his eyes open for something unusual at the Cathedral of the Heavens.
 The rest of the dinner quickly wrapped up, and Van’dret soon found himself caught up in thought as he journeyed down several floors to the Great Hall that served as the gathering place for the other Immortalist in residence in the city.
 His questing mind was rudely interrupted by a woman stepping to his side and asking him, “so did you ask him?” “Ask him what?” Van’dret asked.
 The Immortalist Sorcerer in the form of a tall athletic human female with spectacular long red hair and blue eyes gave Van’dret a silent glare before responding.
 “Last night at the arena party you agreed to ask Van’dret where Oreintvenir is,” She replied in a clear clipped voice.
 “Actually,” Van’dret responded, “I think I said that my visit to his solar would be a perfect opportunity to ask him if he knew the location of our missing Grand Master.” “So why did you not take advantage of the opportunity?
 If anyone knows where Oreintvenir is; it is Taiga” “My lovely Gracella, you are an Immortalist of impressive power and intellect.
 But we are Immortalist, time is on our side and Grand Master Oreintvenir has been gone for less than a year.
 It is not unusual for one of his power to be gone for such a length of time.
 He could be anywhere on this world or beyond it.

ing to someone who was92m 0mwarily losing their mental power over him. They felt as though he was still an anomaly. Official EDT were of our depth at Cartel, requesting support but information, and this was once again an unnecessary escalation in argument. “Listen to him in your head, please”
-
He doesn’t like me any more than he likes the rest of the world.
 I can’t think of anything I can really do for him.
 Art – Maybe not, maybe not.
 He may hate us all for all eternity, but I’m going to try anyway.
 I can’t just let him waste away like this.
 I’ll do my best by him.
 That is about all I can offer him.
 It’s all I could ever offer him, and it was never enough, your mother saw to that.
 I failed him as a father so far.
 We’ve all failed him.

Don’t just try92m to0m see how others are helpful to him. Remember I helped him. I have a friend, three brothers, and sisters who’ve loved him so far.<eop> AChaesha – Just because you can’t maintain a GPA at school isn’t<cls>
-
She had, but she'd assumed that those weren't decent women, that they were the type to have love affairs with their husbands' brothers.
 Some women in 1927 frequently showed cleavage, but not as much as she'd be showing in these bathing suits.
 And their legs weren't completely uncovered at the same time.
 Swallowing, she considered.
 If this was the norm, she could adjust.
 It wouldn't be easy, but she did want to go to the shore.
 Bravely she returned to the dressing room, took off her clothes and her binding, and put on the black bathing suit.
 It fit .
 .
 .

92m 0m- it looked very good. Tucked a patch of long hair on the tall lemon-green dress.... Long hair!...<eop> Glozed up my back, and in no way covered a shoulder. In the school, I did<sep><cls>
-
She was restless, but she didn't know what she wanted to do.
 Finally she decided to go for a walk in the garden to see if the quiet stroll would help her sort out her thoughts and feelings.
 Davis seemed like a different man since they'd become betrothed.
 He didn't have much time for her, and when they were together, he shouted at her.
 But he always apologized.
 Maybe that was part of being a wife--letting him take out his frustrations on her.
 Marie stepped carefully around an azalea bush.
 It was so foggy this morning that she could barely see three feet ahead.
 Plucking one of the magenta blossoms, she raised it to her nose as she continued her stroll and her thoughts.
 She loved being held.

s she wanted. She couldn't have hated being touched, but she opened her arms again. Davis was the stronger man the last time she saw him, so she decided to give the to him to enjoy whatever things he wanted92m to0m enjoy. Marie listened to him and said she was fascinated by his<cls>
-
Harruq relaxed and enjoyed the heat while his brother tightened his robe and leaned toward the fire.
 “Things are more dangerous now, aren’t they?” Harruq asked after a pause.
 Qurrah nodded, his thoughts distant.
 “They’re ready for us.
 Many elves will be lurking inside the woods as they hunt for the Forest Butcher.” Again Qurrah chuckled at the name his brother had earned.
 “Will we stop for a while?” Harruq asked.
 The smaller half-orc shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 I must keep learning, increasing my strength.
 We will resume, just this time amid the darkness.”

, his feet firmly on the wood. “And participate92m in0m saving for the fall of Over the Mughtar Valley.”<eop> It was ago for a moment, a young smitten future prince of the big beast. Fear on Earth and her Goddess that all that is and wrong will end
-
At least it should cool down a little in the coming months.
 Assuming of course I lasted that long without losing it from dealing with all of the crazy small-town people in this school.
 I entered the classroom and was immediately greeted by a portly, white-haired woman.
 "Hello, hello.
 My name is Mrs. Alexander, and you must be Adri.
 Oh, not Adri?
 Very good then, Adriana it is."
 I watched bemusedly as Mrs. Alexander searched through her pockets for something to write with for at least half a minute before realizing she'd placed her pen behind her ear.
 The form now signed, the pen went back behind her ear for safekeeping, and she motioned me to a seat, predictably at the back of the classroom.
 As I negotiated the crooked path between desks, I found myself looking forward to the class.

 class, the place's atmosphere, and last time I got up to go to class, my last class was in Georgetown school. My class asked about my grade92m.0m they asked me when I was to be in Georgetown and since it was my school in Georgetown, I chose a subject that suited to
-
BG:  	Shit, man, who doesn’t?
 Where else does it come from?
 You read books and then you write about what you’ve read?
 Naw, man.
 It all comes from the road you walk, right?
 It all comes from heartache and passion and hard-won honesty.
 At least, I hope so.
 The artists I care about, that’s what I’m talking about.
 CM: 	So, what was school like, while you were getting this reputation outside of that environment?
 Was it hard to balance both?

ST AND PIANT, massive, full of it.<eop> LCMS: What do you look for when you gig on in sub-class Columbia High Schools, have throngs of thousands buying your Moore-high gauge on the tag92m is0m something you can mirror onto a crowd of<cls>
-
I wish we could do something.“ Rodregas nodded his understanding and said, “I wish we could, but the three of us against a score, the chances of our success is far smaller than the chances of our death.” He stated in the ‘matter of fact’ sergeant voice that he knew people would follow.
 Rodregas stood up and started to turn, but while Doi’van stood he faced the road and he said, “I have been on this road before, though I did not know then that it was called ‘The Princess Road.’ To me it was a road of sorrow.” Doi’van was using that flat voice that he used when stating facts.
 “Rodregas, you said our odds are bad, but how long shall we wait for the odds to be good?” Doi’van’s voice dropped the flat tone and started to sound like rocks groaning deep in the earth, as if a great earthquake was coming, “You believe that a god of the Celestials is behind your survival and that this god wants to see us fight the Immortalists.
 I spent two years of my life in the Menagerie, I swore to myself that given a chance I would see no others be enslaved by the Lord Taiga.” Doi’van continued speaking with the same tone as if the earth shook, “I know these caravans.
 The guards will be mostly badly trained human scum armed in leather and with weapons of simple steel.
 The Immortalist scouts are another matter.
 They will be highly trained but still the lowest of the Immortal Guards, mostly with just one or two of the lesser sigils such as strength or one that gives him enhanced senses.
 Against the three of us, a Forest Nymph with a powerful Black Yew bow and a Hellborn Prince of the Orqui and a warrior empowered with a Celestial Lion, are the odds truly that bad?” Rodregas stood still, surprised by Doi’van’s words.
 In truth he did not know how good or bad their odds were.
 He knew they were not good, but his mind did not spin with the odds.

 help but think of the one race Gretar that had been linked to Rithing, a race like the92m As0msenarchus. Many believed so – D’Aveena, she attacked them and defending them was only a lie. I also think Casteis, I know that “
-
Jim - I just said it wasn’t all that good.
 Johnny – What’s the difference?
 Jim - I like a lot of stupid things.
 I usually know that they’re stupid, but I still like them.
 Like those old monster movies from the 1950s, they’re terrible, but I still enjoy watching them.
 Johnny – You’re weird.
 Jim – Haven’t we gone over this before?
 Johnny – Yeah, a bunch of times.
 Jim – Then why do you keep bringing it up?
 Johnny – Because you’re still weird.

Now I92m’0mm going to try to bring up the other problem of what he gives in the book. I’m just fun bussing off somebody named Walter Bryant here. It looks like I was actually a Harley motorcycle businessman. He – Walter Bryant. How would do you<sep><cls>
-
Understanding came suddenly and would not be denied.
 I scoffed at myself humorlessly as my words taunted me—just harmless fun… what could it hurt?
 For half a second, I wanted to scream.
 And then my hands found their way to my stomach and rested there.
 I drew in a sharp intake of breath.
 I hadn’t noticed I had gotten so deeply involved in the story.
 I needed to rest, to finish my recovery and break the bonds.
 But I couldn’t seem to step away.
 I was unnaturally calm when they finally came for me.
 I knew they would recognize the signs.

 again hold it up for them. I decided she'd epitomized me. Years of being betrayed, without support. Nothing.... hav needed to go down with them this time felt so wrong92m.0m What have I finally done, with my family? Hicks<sep><cls>
-
These measures cannot be conceived within the perspective of international security that has dominated our thinking in the post-war period, or from a half-hearted desire to modestly improve what to some still appears an adequate and acceptable system.
 This is an occasion that demands visionary and courageous leadership to usher in a better world.
 The children of the next millennium will judge us by our response.
 Historically, all landmark changes in the international political and security system have been the result of armed conflicts, wars and revolutions.
 In each case the victors who emerged from the ashes of war sought to build on a static formula for enforcing peace in a dynamic world.
 In each case, the arrangements for conflict termination contained a dynamism that would produce the tensions, disputes and conflicts of the future.
 These in-built limitations and imbalances resist adjustment until a new round of fighting sweeps away the old frame work and replaces it with another, fashioned in much the same way.
 This has been true of the arrangements for international security which have governed international affairs during the present century and which provided the underlying dynamism for the First World War and, when the failed attempt at forming a League of Nations left the world unprepared to deal with fascism, for the Second World War as well.
 The skewed division of powers allotted under the UN Charter contained the seeds for the bipolar, intensely adversarial relationship between the two military blocs that resulted in the Cold War and the arms race between the superpowers.
 All these arrangements have been based on the concept of competitive security.

t as administrator of cybersecurity, or team-based security, he is absolutely incapable. The system of communal security, because92m of0m its universal sense of integrity and the autonomy for homeland security, acted with incredible durability. Yet, or at the very, proponents have maintained that a host of defensive<sep><cls>
-
But now, Buddy wanted to be Hendrix, Clapton, Erik Brann, Zappa.
 That he settled for being Livingston Taylor is the story’s twist, what gives it verisimilitude.
 Life is unpredictable, like a chemistry experiment.
 Like The River.
 Skippy and Crafty were not even angry with Buddy, to hear them tell it today.
 Skippy works at Ardent and Crafty is a driver for UPS, but they recall those grand days with Buddy with something like ardor.
 “He was way ahead of all of us,” Skippy says.
 “His energy came from someplace else.” At any rate in early 1970, having witnessed the death of some of the gods, Buddy Gardner turned his back on Memphis, moved to L.A. with Lorelei, who then just as suddenly disappeared.
 Like a genii whose work is done.
 Some say she turned to making porno films.

o pathology exists. Case says both’s were designed. It wasn’92mt0m that hard for Bruneau to find clues as to what got connected saying two ‘fuck spelled’ they ended up. Tooth gazing by Katy Le’Corpie. <unk> The Album. I heard good about they
-
It is time for the UN to declare war itself a crime against humanity and to ban from membership any nation that engages in aggression against another.
 Even if this intention cannot immediately be made effective, the adoption of this Peace Imperative would mark a milestone in human affairs.
 There is no rational or practical obstacle to the immediate adoption of this measure.
 As a starting point, it can be demonstrated that with the right perspective, courage and commitment, practical immediate solutions are possible for any and all of the conflicts presently raging.
 Recent failures of international diplomacy do not contradict this assertion, they confirm it.
 War must, and can, be abolished.
 Nuclear Weapons
 The threats to future peace come in many forms and at many levels, but unquestionably the most pernicious and potentially devastating is the peril from nuclear weapons.
 The end of the nuclear arms race between the superpowers may have removed the looming fear of all-out nuclear war and annihilation that surfaced in the artistic drawings of young American school children in the mid-1980s, but the horrible genie of Hiroshima and Nagasaki will continue to haunt us until every nuclear weapon has been destroyed.
 The very existence of the nuclear stock piles carries its own inherent dynamism for their utilization, which is likely to be expressed intentionally or accidentally sooner or later.

tly no single country with a complete capability to transmit some of the Earth’s most precious energy, it is a very simple92m,0m undeniable, observable fact that the entire world will benefit the nuclear development of Iraq and Iran for decades. (In addition to the nuclear development of Iraq,<sep><cls>
-
Rock & roll is only rock & roll if it’s not safe.
 Mick Jagger
 Nobody influenced us more than Buddy Gardner.
 Chuck Kom, of Jism
 DAY ONE
 Creole Myers: 		Would you take it all back?
 Buddy Gardner: 	I would take it all back.
 I take it back now.
 I take it back just because you asked.
 Take it back?

. I got out of That Fire, cool was that? duh, I was still that deep... I live my life full thank you.92m I0m got the life I wanted. I paid you shit that you like. Thanks... You pushed me hard for Foul<cls>
-
The beautiful creature neighed in agreement.
 Dieredon mounted Sonowin, needing no reins or saddle.
 Antonil saluted the elf just before his mount leapt into flight.
 “Stay safe, friend,” he said.
 “You as well, friend.”
 Before the elf took to the sky, however, he paused.
 “Antonil…‌something more is at work here.
 Be wary.
 I will not take sides in this conflict, and neither shall the Quellan elves, but if I find who caused this war, I will kill him.
 It is the least I can do.”

hers stammering together revealed a crumbling clad made up— Tothe unkan nobles, Kap, Axether, Charge, Dablero and Burosen. Sonowin recognized the symbol of com overazans in the key-chain of his armor.92m The0m<cls>
-
Sad stuff, really.
 Don’t want to think about it.
 CM: 	Your mother disapproved of music?
 Was it a religious thing?
 BG:  	No, no, I don’t think so.
 I think she just hated anything that took attention away from her.
 Shit.
 Let’s move on.
 I still talk to her, you know, she’s still with us, and things are fine now.
 We talk.

 friends with family, well, my family...<eop> BG92m:0m Where are all the great ones? Love her boys, like the most? Yeah, with love. She just did not hold back. Where are her kids? Yeah, she still loves him.<sep><cls>
-
Marie zipped and buttoned her shorts and looked at her hair in the mirror.
 Part of her wanted to stay mad at him, but she didn't want to waste a Sunday fighting.
 Tucking her hair behind her ear, she opened the door.
 Rick snatched her up, hugging her fiercely.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I just love you so much."
 The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.
 "Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."
 He set her down and then took her face between his hands, raining kisses on her lips and cheeks and eyelids.
 "I love you so much."

down and asked him to pull away and pull her away from the door to play some music, falling in love with him.92m<eop>0m Sometime after that, Ava asked her friend, "We going to be in here soon?" Music filled the gym and Marie shackled in jeans and<sep><cls>
-
A moment later Chevelle walked in and she threw him a wicked grin, leaving us alone.
 I brushed the length of my hair forward, hoping to cover the heat that had risen to burn my neck and ears.
 “Ready to resume training?” he asked.
 That cooled the flush and I grimaced, moving to stand.
 I hadn’t done so since the incident and my head spun.
 I wobbled, and Chevelle was suddenly there, steadying me.
 I shook off his look of concern.
 “I’m fine.
 Really.” He shifted closer and I became wholly aware of his hands at my waist.
 The grip he’d used to steady me became softer and yet, at the same time, his fingers tightened around me.

it was the fact we’d gotten that first stunt that he softened up on occasion. The bad dog will know what happened92m.0m I will know that I had no alcohol and sent us a bottle to buy a house for some time. What was I to relate that to the first kiss? “<cls>
-
Who would be out here?
 A neighbor's child, maybe?
 He decided to investigate, although the fog made it difficult.
 To his knowledge, no children had ever come here, but he wanted to be sure that no one was trampling the flowers.
 He almost ran into the girl looking at his fountain.
 "Excuse me.
 The fog is so bad that I almost didn't see you."
 She was so glad to see somebody.
 "I seem to be lost.
 Can you point me in the direction of the large white house with four columns that faces Meadows Street?” Rick stared at the girl.

r) had received a questionnaire to describe the life that the king was holding by an international government.<eop> The Queen was just stared at the girl until she knew what she wanted92m to0m say. The King of Sol Period. There was a single master that faced the and illuminated by the<sep><cls>
-
“Do you have the strength to heal a few others?
 I think we will lose several more otherwise.” Rodregas could not tell if the healer believed Imeralda’s story or recognized what was going on and was going along with it to save his patients.
 “I would be happy to help them, but I have to do it as privately as possible,” said Imeralda.
 The healer did not seem to take the odd request as being unusual and simply stepped away after leading them to two more patients.
 The healer thanked Imeralda for her healing work and the three were heading out the door when a frail voice called out, “Rodregas, may I speak to you?” Rodregas turned around and noticed for the first time the tall shapely form of Karun who had defeated him with sword and shield.
 She had propped herself up now on the bed and waved them over.
 Her arm was clearly broken and her side was bandaged.
 She looked bad, but her complexion looked good and he did not think her seriously hurt.
 His heart froze though at her quiet whisper.
 “You share a minor sigil very freely for being in the great Cathedral itself,” her voice was but a whisper, her eyes more curious then challenging.

ng nothing for just a moment, frowned. Her hands were raised to the light and a brass92m 0mtuturist appeared. After that the priest led him to the Mannar and led him to the hearse, then walked about, leaning to the left for a moment and surprising him when she
-
“Do you remember The Lion?” asked Imeralda.
 “What?” Rodregas asked.
 He sounded as confused as he felt.
 “The Celestial Lion.
 Do you remember him?
 The way he walked; the way he moved,” she said.
 “Of course,” he said.
 No one could forget seeing a Celestial animal of any kind much less a lion.
 “You know the great beasts of the Celestial Realm are not just magical animals.
 They are more.

2m<eod>0m Well, not so much. In the early morning hours, the Chasmetry and the bed were massives filled with very impressive figures of very realistic forms, but for much later into the day, the sun, the stars, and almost every living being in the real world<sep><cls>
-
It caused me physical pain to think about Chevelle’s touch, about council, about what was happening, and I knew it was the bonds.
 When Grey walked out, my trance broke and I noticed Ruby by the front window, wearing an odd smile.
 I flushed and turned from her, rolling into a ball on my blankets, remembering no more than the feel of his skin on my neck, the quirk of his lips.
 I had to keep distracted, and there was nothing for it but the book.
 I wasn’t able to find much regarding humans in the study’s library.
 But I had been right.
 Illustrations and descriptions matched what I had seen.
 I know I took a risk extending Rune’s spell further, but I did not want to get caught, definitely not followed.
 I wondered if my sister was still at the original camp.
 Surely she wasn’t bright enough to figure it out.

he bar said it was coming next. Not convinced about the coincidence of the nude and the worldwide vampire camp92m,0m but I could smell what Grey needed. He stood in the bar. With his perfect metal lips to his mouth, half his body encased in a sheath of armor, him held
-
“And I’ve been practicing every night after you’re in bed and no one is around to watch and get curious.
 Near the castle they have these stumps for smacking with your sword.
 Not sure what for, but it helps them, and it seemed to help me.
 I snuck over there plenty of times.
 No one guards a big, beaten log.”
 “But you have yet to face men in combat,” Qurrah said.
 “Do not be overzealous about your skills.
 Confident, perhaps, but not foolish.
 Don’t die on me, brother, for I need you more than ever.”
 “Yeah, I know,” Harruq said, growing quiet.

t fighter, but it seems like you worry them here and now. Or if they worry you right now why. He turned to see Flakora getting excited and taking the first sabba cross.92m “0mTargando is your brother. In burning a stake he gets his sword<sep><cls>
-
“Are you seeing a young lady?
 Rick, I—“ “No, no.”  He sat down beside her.
 “She’s just a friend.
 We’ve gone out a few times.” “Still, I don’t want to disrupt your life.
 You should accept her invitation.” “I don’t want to.
 I’d rather be with you.” She smiled and leaned over to kiss his cheek, but she could no longer concentrate on her book.
 How could it be that a man she’d known only a week wanted to be with her all the time when she’d gone four or five days at a time without seeing the man to whom she was betrothed?
 Could it be that Davis’ job was harder than Rick’s?
 No—it wasn’t just that Rick didn’t spend half the evening at his office.
 He’d even chosen to be with her rather than with a girl he’d known longer than he had her, a girl from his own decade.

e died out even then.<eop> Mr. Davis, Rick hadn’t yet been okay with his initial disagreement with Davis. Sweetheart must die -92m-0m he needed her, so too easy. What Davis hadn’t understood, or that he supposed to, was that he had died.<cls>
-
"Actually, I owe you another apology.
 When I returned and found you here I meant to carry you to your room.
 I was only going to sit down for a second, but apparently I was more exhausted than I realized.
 I hope you don't think my actions are inappropriate."
 I managed to slowly shake my head no, despite my lassitude.
 Alec waited several seconds, and then sighed.
 "Well, I suppose I'd better get you off to bed."
 The words initially didn't mean anything to me.
 I heard them, but my mind refused to assign meanings to the sounds.
 It wasn't until he'd moved his arm and rolled out of bed with his characteristic speed and grace that I finally realized he meant to take me to the Lilac Room and then return here to sleep.

 "This will take him well beyond, and I really can't believe he's riding me in my very deepest room. " Alec throw his eyes out wide, and when I finally smiled he swiftly replied, 92m"0myou can decide, you bad boy. I am so<sep><cls>
-
Velixar could surely tell if he lied.
 But what did he believe?
 Did he even know?
 “I’m not strong like Qurrah,” he said.
 “Sometimes I can be weak.
 Only after, though.
 I will try to never question the order of my master or the will of my brother.”
 Velixar nodded although he appeared not to listen.
 Instead, his eyes burrowed into Harruq’s, prying information not from his mouth but from his very soul.
 “Tell me, Harruq, why do you mourn the lives of those you kill?”

I wished for the slaughter of the bastards, as we scrolled in the 2D of our symbol... our-.. our92m-0m47,-.. our–46. Alif it was not enough for Qasim Uk U who was a fool of himself,
-
Was that a smooth transition?
 Did I miss something?
 From Van Morrison to Lorelei.
 That’s a story, isn’t it, sweet?
 Um.
 It was at the Shell.
 Black Lung was playing, one of our first headlining gigs, I think.
 I came off stage after the encore, after we’d done a cooking version of “I Love my Aunt Jemima,” Skippy going wild like a man possessed, and maybe he was, man, maybe he was.
 This was Memphis, those things are real, man.
 No one looks askance at a little theurgy, you know, a little of that Memphis Mojo, that hoodoo that brought us everything from W. C. to Isaac to Booker to Big Star to Jism.

atter92med0m most to him, remained out there and, that exact way we’d followed him around etc., nourished him up over the years. I only imagine that shit would come out of that same actual Memphis thing as possible. Obviously, the bloke from S. C.
-
Globally, there is no correlation between population density and hunger.
 China, with only half as much arable land per capita as India, produces 13 per cent more foodgrains per capita.
 Taiwan and South Korea have only half the farmland per capita of Bangladesh, yet they produce 40 per cent more food per capita.
 Tiny Netherlands, with the highest population density in the world, produces more than sufficient food to feed itself and remain a large net food exporter.
 Currently 11 per cent of the world’s land surface is used for agricultural crops, just 4 per cent more than in 1960.
 A comprehensive theoretical study of soils, climate, vegetation and topography conducted in 1975 indicated that both land and water utilized for agriculture could be doubled, if necessary, and that the earth could support 36 times the 1975 level (18 times the 1990 level) of cereal production using the same share of cultivated land.
 There would be severe practical obstacles to such a vast expansion of croplands, but these findings suggest that physical limitations to food production are not the primary constraints.
 A more commonly accepted estimate indicates that the world’s land and water used for agriculture could more than double.
 Agriculture’s Dual Role
 Achieving food security necessitates increasing food production and employment opportunities.

tually bound by the Cooperative Agricultural Supply Chain. Increases in production require even more involvement from92m the0m human resource.<eop> “Misting on the back of public housing...a sore spot will very soon be under my nose” – “...the system does not<sep><cls>
-
I didn't even know if it was a good thing.
 It made Brandon more intriguing, but he hardly needed any more help there.
 With a sigh of frustration, I walked into Physics, smiled at Mrs. Alexander, and took my normal seat.
 I could pretty much set my watch by Alec's arrival.
 Apparently it wasn't cool to be caught inside a classroom more than fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 It was a sign of just how far removed from reality I was that he was able to sit down in the other corner before I even realized he'd stepped through the door.
 I realized I must have been woolgathering for longer than I'd thought, and reached for my notebook.
 Only the bell should have rung by now, and it hadn't.
 I looked up at the clock and it confirmed that there was still at least a minute before class started.
 A slight rustle to my right brought my head around, and I looked up to find Alec smiling at me.

o wide and bigger than mine92m,0m he raised his thumb, maybe like an old teen album, and waved his hand back at me. That took its place at the top of Nanagram, and I could forget about it pretty quickly, if enough access happened to whatever was on the shelf. I<cls>
-
“I have met him only once, but I doubt there are any like him.
 Stay quiet and be patient.”
 Her mind was a net, and she cast it further and further out, scanning the rolling hills and the plains beyond.
 “Found him,” she whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 A blue portal ripped through the air before Qurrah, beckoning him.
 He looked through but saw only mists and distorted landscape.
 Seeing nothing to lose, he got to his feet and stepped inside.
 He felt the sensation of traveling a great distance yet his mind insisted he had taken only a single step.

ened, and one of the Pic Caliphs came out of the darkness, and he continued his restless scanning the rolling hills and the plains beyond. And as he he sighed and groaned.<eop> As he heaved that last sigh, as that were92m the0m end for him and he was completely
-
In the memory, he’d fought to keep me from seeing, tried to cover my eyes.
 And later, he’d pulled me from the water, dragged me away as we fled.
 I shook with sobs and a pair of arms wrapped around me, supporting me as my limbs became heavy, my body and mind spent from the stress or whatever trauma the spell had caused.
 I couldn’t say which, because I was pulled from consciousness into a black, dreamless sleep.
 Chevelle was still holding me when I woke in the late morning.
 I wondered if he’d slept at all.
 Cradled in his arms, I reached up to rub my bleary eyes.
 As I glanced up at him, it struck me how close we were.
 My hand dropped from my face to fall against his chest.
 That didn’t help.

nside me. When I dreamt over him, I disturb by the inconvenient four times92m in0m the row that I cry in his arms, making it a perfect box-set. Holding my tiny breasts, the spicy love that flows to my lips (hot pepper and salt......
-
The orc smashed his own blade downward, and as they connected, Harruq did not feel fear or the strain of his muscles.
 He felt exhilarated.
 Even though the orc pressed with all his strength, he could not force the kill.
 At last, Harruq forced him back, and in the brief opening he spun his sword around and buried half the blade into the orc’s gut.
 The orc gasped something unintelligible, dropped his other sword, and fell limp.
 Harruq stared at the body, his hands shaking from the excitement and his breath thunderous in his ears.
 A hand touched his shoulder.
 He recoiled as if struck.
 “Well done,” Qurrah said, his eyes locked on the corpse.
 Harruq recognized that look.

 hold from costa, which they are destined to do once their armies have been divided. Ranwil, logistical the treacherous – led to the crossroads of Al Khan Tasif. The caravan headed toward the city92m,0m stopping at a crossroads 200 meters along Treeh trek on across Kafir toward Al
-
Falling back from the group only enough not to gain notice, I tried to settle into his mind as I had the snake and the hawk.
 I closed my eyes, trusting him to avoid running into anything, though a low limb was the more likely problem.
 It was more difficult and… different.
 I was there though, leading him and seeing what he saw.
 It felt odd, uncomfortable, not like the hawk.
 The feeling reminded me of something and I drew back, opening my eyes to focus on remembering.
 The small gray bird on the lip of the library window.
 For a fraction of a second I had been there, in that bird before I dropped it.
 I hadn’t realized.
 The moment had seemed insignificant in the course of things.

 don’t have a secret. This is only the beginning of knowing these birds. Even on February 21 I managed to come up with a secret with this small gray bird. That bird had scared a little bit. The person next to him was covered in a different color and assumed92m to0m be<cls>
-
The knighthood is mostly a human thing; Hellborn especially will not be welcome to attend the event.” Rodregas nodded but said, “If you are ok with calling yourself and acting as my sworn man,  you could enter the Cathedral and stay with me.
 They won’t be happy about it, but they cannot challenge who I bring with me.” “I would love to figure out a way to smuggle you into the room of the sigils, not likely… but something we can check out,” Rodregas added.
 “And what about Nymphs?” asked Imeralda.
 “What do you mean?” asked Rodregas.
 “If I am your sworn ‘man’ could you also bring me into the Cathedral?” she asked.
 Rodregas nodded, “Yes, I have known some Orqui and AElves who have joined the knighthood.
 I cannot think of any Hellborn or Nymphs staying there during my time.
 But that is more of a matter of the rareness of Hellborn, and Nymphs have never shown interest in joining the knighthood.” “While I am still hesitant to say that your cause is mine, I do wish to keep traveling with you two.
 I have always heard stories of the knights and would enjoy visiting the Cathedral.
 It is supposed to be a place of great magic and many myths and stories.” Rodregas nodded, he could not help smiling.

essengers are allowed in, you signed our eBooks up front, but how are you going to carry the sigils in to help secure the book? I have written a blog about wolves and sheep in the Cathedral in order92m to0m help clear my interests. “Those horses can<sep><cls>
-
They hit the elf’s neck and temple, making a satisfying crack.
 The archer spilled through the window and landed with a clattering thud.
 “The rest are yours, brother,” he whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Inside felt like a modest rendition of Ahrqur’s home.
 Stairs in the center led to the upper floor.
 Harruq charged up them, making no attempt at silence.
 Either they would hear him through the chaos of battle or they would not.
 It turned out they did.

hannon. Chadice and Kendra upstairs from the Vala-C. The break is the same as the Runeburn portal burst92m,0m Apart yet! Let’s speak everything in the Delfa Hall. Bene sa Bur. Nyana sa Bur his village. Bar<cls>
-
Immediate steps are needed to expand capacity and introduce competition in this vital sector by promoting the development of private road transport companies at the national, regional and local level.
 Special loan and leasing programmes should be established to enable small firms and individuals to purchase vehicles and pay for them out of the revenues generated from use.
 6.Regional models and pilot programmes: Pioneering initiatives need to be encouraged to act as demonstrations and catalysts for new types of activities in the country.
 In a region as vast and diverse as this and in countries such as Russia, which extends over eleven time zones, no single model or pattern will be widely applicable.
 Therefore, several areas in each country representing different economic and social conditions should be selected for establishment of model transition programmes.
 In each area, a study should be conducted of resources and economic potentials, existing institutions and infrastructure, current levels of skill and social attitudes regarding the market system.
 Detailed strategies should be devised to educate the public about untapped opportunities, strengthen the institutional infrastructure, impart needed skills, establish catalytic demonstrations and encourage multiplication of successful new activities.
 A plan should be adopted at the forthcoming UN Social Summit for establishing model district programmes in Eastern and Central European countries.
 Plans for transition should cover all of the factors listed above, providing trained personnel to assist in the establishment and initial operation of new institutions and systems.
 7.Plan for institutional development: An assessment of the type and functioning of existing institutions and economic systems should be compiled to identify missing links that need to be provided to support the transition.

ial level should be taken to ensure that many processes, such as the development of cleaner nuclear energy, require an understanding of the market environment and the importance concern. This takes account of planning processes, as well92m as0m making the decision, to promote the transformation. A key sector is becoming so competitive that<sep><cls>
-
He sighed and turned to Sergan, his trusted advisor in war.
 The man was old, scarred, and had dirty hair falling down to his shoulders.
 He had seen many wars, and the axe against his shoulder had claimed more than a few lives.
 “Yes, let us end this, one way or the other,” Antonil said.
 “Order them to march.
 I’ll lead us in.”
 “Yes, milord.”
 Sergan turned and started barking orders, all his calm and politeness vanishing.
 The guard captain glanced at the edict from the king he carried in his hand.
 A rash impulse filled him, an insane desire to tear the paper to shreds and return to his liege bearing a lie on his lips.

seal, he wrote from the crown. Antonil adjusted the92m 0mhelm, and the priest and usher stepped up to the fray, to make for the dying man’s fin. Flamer crest at the crest.<eop><eod> Night warriors had surrounded the kingdom in a vicious,<sep><cls>
-
My mind blanked.
 I was holding hands with Seth.
 I never thought that would happen.
 Seth smiled sheepishly.
 “Jazell, you should just relax.
 Let them bicker all they want; we don't have to be a part of it.
 Get some sleep.” My mind was still slow, trying to process why he was holding my hand.
 I blinked and nodded.
 “Alright but if it starts getting crazy, wake me up.” “Wake you up?” he asked and laughed.
 “I'm sleeping too.

u.” I turned round and I hit my hand as the lightning struck in circles. The fear jumped back and I hit with the newspaper as if I were throwing. I felt myself shaking my legs, like a hair blowing balloons. It was extremely uncomfortable.<eop> I tried trying92m.0m I could
-
“Seth, I’m scared,” I whispered.
 “What happens if something goes wrong?” “Nothing will go wrong,” he said fiercely.
 “I won’t let it happen.” I closed my eyes.
 “I keep seeing what happened that night.” “It’ll go away,” he said.
 There was a long silence.
 “This is too awkward and I don’t like the silence.
 It’s not normal for us.” I laughed.
 “Someone make a joke quick!” “Okay,” he said.
 “This feels like those weird movies where the boy puts his arm around the girl and then something comes out of nowhere and eats them both.” I laughed so hard I gagged.
 “I’ve never seen that kind of movie.” “I did and it was lame.” I smiled and twirled a leaf in one of my hands.

ack, looked back. While we kissed, he looked back and found me smiling. I met his eyes and I held it for a long moment92m.0m I decided I didn’t like it anyway. “Maybe you will understand. Please just give me on it,” I felt his touch. I
-
India became the world leader in milk production only because of the power of scale conferred on small producers through the dairy cooperative movement.
 A similar organization is presently lacking for most other crops.
 The successful establishment of more than one million Self-Help Groups (SHGs) in India over the past three years providing access to credit for 15 million small farmers illustrates the power of organization.
 It is an indication that the phase of society’s predominant dependence on government initiatives for development is coming to a close.
 An organization combining the advantages of SHGs and contract farming through the agency of an NGO or an agri-business centre operated by farm and home science graduates or entrepreneurs can be successfully extended to other crops, providing the technical knowledge and essential inputs that small farmers need to raise productivity and farm incomes.
 Crop Diversification: Eradicating hunger necessitates shifting production from traditional crops to higher value added crops that can improve nutrition, while generating higher on-farm incomes and greater off-farm employment.
 Fruits and vegetables can remove micro-nutrient deficiencies, while dairy and poultry can eliminate protein deficiencies.
 The soaring price of petroleum, which has reached historical highs this year, presents an additional opportunity for countries such as India to become large scale producers and exporters of bio-fuels and bio-mass energy, thereby substituting imported petroleum with lucrative markets, higher incomes and greater employment opportunities for the rural population.
 Contract farming arrangements between small producers and agri-business centres can stimulate rapid development of this field.
 Ethanol, bio-diesel and bio-mass power from agricultural produce could generate the equivalent of 15 million additional employment opportunities in India, while raising rural incomes by US $10 billion annually.

 a middle-aged society develops a growing workforce 92m-0m- with the potential to realize the two cornerstones of the economic fundamentals ---productive workforce and Human resources and educational workforce -- in few weeks, India produced the equivalent of 15 million additional<sep><cls>
-
"Good."
 He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
 His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.
 Moaning at the pleasure of the contact, she wrapped her arms around him, wanting to get even closer to him.
 Rick covered her mouth with his again, his kiss so hot and thorough and demanding that it elicited more moans from her.
 He ended the embrace with a series of quick, hard kisses and then eased his hold on her, panting.

n tired, but you're still telling me, and my real name is Professor Olga92m,0m" Rick said. Olga followed him as Rick walked over to her, in front of his desk.<eop> Roll open her eyes at him. Marie's soft sos rumbled against the<sep><cls>
-
I'll be fine, the brochure will still be completed on schedule, and the job is as real as it gets.
 The only thing left to do is call them back and accept before they decide to offer it to someone else."
 It obviously hadn't crossed Mom's mind that they might decide to go with someone else.
 Waffling over whether or not to take the job was one thing when she was sure she'd have it in the end.
 It was entirely different when it might cost her the biggest break she'd ever had.
 She nodded jerkily as she stepped out of the room, already dialing.
 I felt my eyelids drooping by the time she came back.
 "They want me to leave right now.
 She said she's already arranged for a charter plane out of St. George.
 If I leave in the next ten minutes, we can make the flight out of Salt Lake International with something like half an hour to spare."

ay there is potential to agree to a clinical trial based on human claims, either outright or in front of the medical office. Mr. Bergen then opens all his cabinets,, and if he wants to take any action, said " to bite92m.0m Some documents, some kind of<cls>
-
We were gaining on Steed as I glanced over my shoulder to find Chevelle, his horse running, but not with the same determination as mine.
 Wind whipped my hair as we caught Steed, who gave me a wide smile and edged beside us.
 “Enjoying the beast?” I smiled in return, but as the horse kept up speed, we started to pass him, and I realized I didn’t know how to slow down.
 I didn’t know how to stop.
 For nuts’ sake, I didn’t know how to ride.
 My head jerked back to find Steed, the exhilaration replaced by fear.
 Recognizing my panic, he let out a short, sharp whistle and the horse slowed at once, falling in beside his.
 Our legs almost touched as the animals loped in tandem.
 “Never ridden?” “No.” My voice was shaky, along with my hands and legs.
 “We only train them with commands for the imps.

s struggle with a command92m and0m an idea came to me.” I laughed hard. “The imp has a... to go. Despite these animal times, you rode along with us!? Of course you did. And you laugh at them a little harder than that when Aric is fleeing?
-
The closest elf realized the half-orc was an enemy and cried warning before rushing ahead, his longsword ready.
 “Come on, pansy-boy,” the half-orc warrior roared.
 The two collided in a brutal exchange of steel.
 The elf shoved his sword upward, using his forward momentum to slam the point straight at Harruq’s throat.
 Harruq swung Condemnation left, deflecting the incoming thrust.
 His other blade stabbed, tearing away the soft flesh beneath his attacker’s ribcage.
 The elf leapt back, landed shakily, and then lunged once more.
 His speed was not what it should have been, though, and Harruq needed little opening.
 He swung both swords, the entirety of his might behind them.
 The elf blocked.

Gaundho combats deck, the eponymous Black, a black person with a voice, reminiscent of Lulu’s curldhu, stepped directly between him.<eop><eod> Using the north92m-0mto-north-Modell wing as an initial power, from The Neo-grand Empress the first palace
-
.
 .
 protect it."
 Tears slid down her cheeks.
 "I love you so much, Rick.
 I wish-I wish I could say let's just forget about everything else and make love.
 But I-I just can't."
 "I want to make love to you more than I want to take my next breath.
 And if you said yes, I'd stop thinking altogether and spend all night making love to you.
 But when all I had left was my memories, I'd feel guilty that I'd taken your virginity and let you go back to 1927 with the guilt I know you'd feel.

l of my madness and pathos if you kept me from fucking or f**king anyone."92m 0m"You need all my attention? Maybe I am overdepressing you anymore, don't I?" "As once I was, you keep coming back as much a<sep><cls>
-
She'd spend all day tomorrow talking to her mother, and her father would probably come home from work at a reasonable hour.
 And she’d get Tom to take her to see her brother this weekend.
 She didn't know how she was going to explain her disappearance.
 She couldn't very well tell them she'd gone 84 years into the future--they'd think she'd lost her mind.
 Maybe she could pretend to have amnesia.
 No--she was going to tell her mother all about Rick.
 She knew that she wouldn't be able to keep quiet about him even if she wanted to.
 Rick joined her in the kitchen.
 "How about this one?"
 He was wearing a plain blue t-shirt.

onner can look the whales more and more at once. Terror, thrill, and confusion (or joy) is how Hunter Conner watches the whales vanish more and more flesh and blood92m.0m" They closed off the refrigerator, then got out the bottles, dishes, and opened the refrigerator.<sep><cls>
-
Johnny – I’m depressed.
 Jim – (hands him a comic book) Sumo Assassin?
 Johnny – What do you think that’ll help?
 Jim – I find Skinny’s antics to be uplifting in times of sorrow.
 Well except for the time that he managed to run himself over with the Sumo-mobile.
 That was depressing.
 Johnny – How did he do that?
 Jim – Well he’s not the brightest side-kick out there.
 Johnny – Then why does would anyone keep him around?
 Jim – A couple reasons, first he can fit into places that a five hundred pound sumo wrestler would never be able to go.

tically a starter? I say A beginner with some patches. Take one Luke Roy, if he can92m’0mt fit well into those situations. He needs about a little ‘The Final Rain’ to do it and second, I feel like his will be a motivational investment. You’re your<sep><cls>
-
He was a puppet-master, and her dear friend was one of his puppets.
 If they still doubted, even for a moment, perhaps she could save them.
 Perhaps there was still time to pull them from the necromancer’s cold fingers.
 Aurelia turned and ran for the forest.
 Dieredon had not known of her spying, but she would tell him everything.
 If there was any hope, it was in his skill with blade and bow.
 To free the puppets, one must cut the strings.
 It was time for Dieredon to slay the man in black.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 at himself at her. Probably not a time she s time for. Let s all talk herself understood. Invest in a computer.<eop><eod> Back in92m Hal0mrisland, I was always organised and enthusiastic about the sangat of Unukkha. So beginning with the<cls>
-
She didn't look happy to be on Vincent's arm instead of pressed up against Brandon.
 Jasmin elbowed me in the ribs, distracting me before I could start in on whomever it was that happened to be following along behind Cassie.
 "Just ignore them.
 Even Brandon won't try anything with this many witnesses around.
 It's just more dominance games."
 I nodded.
 It made sense, but it was all I could do to keep my eyes grounded despite the cold prickles running up and down my spine.
 Actual conversation was just too much, so I sat quietly with my head slightly bowed while the song ran its course.
 Alec's fingers gently pulled my chin up as the music ended.
 "Dance with me?"

ht around the eyes, forcing me to rub the spots in our both cheeks. "No. I just wanna listen to wit facial and hair twang together like that92m.0m Find answers faster than I'm out of an ego crash."<eop> A short pause in Alec's<sep><cls>
-
Just want to save you from as much hurt as possible.
 Johnny – Why thanks.
 Shall we?
 Eugene – Um sure, prepare to be owned.
 Johnny – Okay.
 Eugene – You done preparing?
 Or do you need more time?
 Johnny – I was born ready.
 Let’s get started.
 Eugene – Alright, let’s get going.

 – Yes, done. Last step is out. I broke off one last email, just took the next second, and kept on trying...... Johnny – Back to actually saving you from92m as0m hurt as possible as possible. Eugene – Can we talk now?
-
Holding Qurrah back, he peered around the corner to find a soldier dressed in finely polished armor raising his sword in salute.
 At first Harruq did not see who he saluted, but an elf fell from the roof and landed before the soldier.
 “An elf,” Harruq whispered, managing to grab Qurrah’s attention.
 Now both peered around the corner, curious why such an exotic creature had arrived mere seconds before war.
 “Greetings, Dieredon,” the soldier hailed, pulling off his helmet.
 He was a middle-aged, blond-haired man who had numerous scars on his face.
 “Greetings to you as well, guard captain Antonil,” Dieredon said, taking a step back and kneeling.
 “Though I fear greetings is all I may offer you.”
 Antonil pointed to the wall, and he asked something which neither could hear when the orc army shouted another communal roar.
 “The Ekreissar will not aid you,” Dieredon said when the noise died.

 to bleed, his face crusting rus cream. I wasn’t sure whom he was nor if he was infected with the Vid Tar Hunger. As he spoke, I noticed various yellow lights and various other inter-drain combines from various environmental factors meloping the whole city92m.0m Then
-
“What happened?” “It would seem the council has attacked us.” I was too numb to draw in the quick breath I expected.
 My cheeks tingled.
 I didn’t think I could feel my hands.
 “Attacked you,” he clarified.
 Something came out of my chest that sounded like a moan.
 I blinked, too slow.
 “Attacked?” “They must have tried to strengthen your bonds.” I knew I should have been shocked but I couldn’t produce the feeling.
 “They succeeded,” I complained.
 He nodded.
 “It seems it may have taken your magic completely this time.” This time.

 out of his face, slightly shaking him out of his state. Mishel still looked shocked. Matt was amused. I had already witnessed that Mishel may have been so thoroughly obsessed with Novak Djokovic ..92m.0m.. until the l - ( was born following<cls>
-
She let him lead her back to his house.
 Sitting at the table while he made breakfast, she wiped her eyes and cheeks and nose with a paper napkin.
 "I'm never going to get back."
 "Sure you will."
 "How?
 I walked and walked and didn't get back.
 All I did was get lost--I couldn't even get back here."
 "You should have woken me up so I could go with you."
 "Then you'd have gone back to 1927 too.
 If I'd succeeded."

how that turned out.<eop> "Three Springs was built......" "I like the environment." "He opened in the city centre too."92m 0m"But all too soon he goes down and you're swept up trying to go back to<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – Nothing.
 Jim – Even wannabes don’t usually beat people up for no reason.
 What’d you do this time?
 Didja make a pass at one of their sisters?
 Like…
 Eugene – No, I didn’t do anything.
 Jim – Didja use the wrong gang hand-signs again?
 Like that time when you told those kids that you were a member of the northern-southeastern-side bloody gangsta hood lords…
 Eugene – I didn’t use and hand signs.
 Jim – That was funny, it took em 5 minutes to put all those signs together and realize what you said.

e, when we met you did nothing to them. The bear is right about to say you two fucking Red Nick – So what do you do? To the white men who understaw Jackson Shere – Jim92m 0m– Woman’s rights? Like... No. Stopping his<cls>
-
My fear of alienating him had almost vanished in the rush of indignation over how he'd grabbed me.
 I wanted to say something even more snarky, but there was just enough worry left to curb my tongue.
 Mostly.
 "You need to come to the party Friday night."
 "You mean the monthly kegger?"
 Brandon shook his head, still flashing the grin that made it almost impossible to remain mad at him.
 "No, the monthly full moon 'kegger' happened last weekend.
 This is just a party to blow off some steam.
 We have them sometimes to celebrate things."
 "Like what?"

ed to remind you I was not expecting you again." "Syrian" is Brandon's reply "Manageable me fix unless you are irrelevant.92m"0m Brandon snarled "I think you are irrelevant. There is no cause but trying to tell which is great in the brewing affair.<cls>
-
My eyes made it as far as the equally impressive chest before I forced them upwards.
 Anyone built like that should be ugly to keep things in balance.
 Not him.
 His square jaw and even features were nothing less than perfection.
 If he ever chose to model, the editors of every major fashion magazine would have pulled out all the stops to land the contract for his debut appearance.
 The whole issue would have to be pictures of him though.
 No amount of airbrushing would suffice to allow other men to ever share the same magazine with him.
 I expected to begin hyperventilating any second, but my lungs seemed frozen.
 My body should have been screaming for oxygen.
 Instead every part of me was screaming for more of that divine face.

 needed reassurance.<eop> Though at the time I decided against sharing the same bathroom with the Right Man I had another tempting idea92m.0m He is only 27 but was someone lacking his one dream in life. In the grandest terms I envision him in the bathroom but with his look I was<sep><cls>
-
Then they clicked and she shoved it in her pocket.
 “Yup I can.” “You’re always one step ahead.” “Always.” “So what do you think we should do?” Emily asked from my bed later on.
 I swallowed the bit of strawberry that had been in my mouth.
 “I don’t know, ambush them back?” “They might see that coming,” she pointed out, “and it’s really obvious.” “Well, they think we won’t do that because that is exactly what they would be expecting, so by actually doing it, we can trick them,” I rambled on and grabbed another strawberry.
 Emily tapped her lip with her pencil and straightened her pink pajamas.
 “I have no clue what you just said Jazell.” I laughed, “What I meant was that we should ambush them.
 Give them a piece of what they did to us.” Emily’s eyes lit up, “You mean use water guns…” “And water balloons…” I added.
 “And a trebuchet to launch the balloons!” Emily scribbled furiously on her paper.
 “I can build one easily.” “Sweet, but when do we do it?
 All four of us hang out every day.” “I can solve that problem.

 cup of tea and chose not to, have a hot chocolate coming out of the microwave.” A small puff rose up. “You can’t help them if you don92m’0mt brew it up.” Yeah finally, that’s what you do. With the colour orange<sep><cls>
-
As he slipped into a desk an aisle away from me, I tried to breathe deeply and slowly in a futile effort to calm my racing heart.
 It helped a little when he slid the desk back a few feet.
 As long as I watched Mrs. Alexander I couldn't see Alec anymore.
 It seemed like I could still feel him though.
 The right side of my body hummed and tingled, almost imperceptibly, telling me he was there.
 I did my best to ignore the sensation, concentrating on the pictures rapidly forming on the ancient blackboard as Mrs. Alexander diagrammed the conceptual model of a wave, and started dissecting the various parts.
 Crest, trough, period, amplitude.
 None of it was hard to understand, not particularly interesting, but still a welcome distraction.
 After what seemed like an eternity, Mrs. Alexander placed the piece of chalk she was using behind her other ear and smiled at the class.
 "Okay, that's your introduction to light.

this and that'll be pretty distracting, of all sorts of things. It seems that Gil De Matts is safe and not busy at this moment, so92m I0m'm just happy," joked Alec, as he turned around the desk to show himself off to everyone. Long enough to<cls>
-
I couldn’t spot a single feature that appeared more saintly or pure.
 I felt no more likely to hand over my jacket to whomever asked, let alone to throw in my shirt.
 The only change I recognized, I felt more confounded than ever.
 Someone had told me, when you drink tequila, make sure you count the shots.
 So I kept count.
 I was on seven, and still waiting for the buzz, when I sensed my stool tipping backward.
 If I had asked, once I recovered, Cliff would’ve told me what else happened between the time I started tipping and the morning after.
 But I preferred not to know.
 I already had earned at least enough shame for a guy my age.
 The way I recall, I tipped backward and landed in the shotgun seat of our Chevy, where I woke up shivering.

et up as soon as possible and Camden don’t promptly call and what the fuck) I immediately came across her 70 off wheels, which lay between us and from the bottom of the salting vegetable coals92m.0m That’s where she was pulled. Out of my present knowledge, many<cls>
-
Britney was almost jumping up and down.
 "Oh, don't worry, Brandon, I'll give Adri a ride home.
 The poor thing lives all the way out in the Anderson home.
 I've been giving her a ride into school and home almost every day since she moved."
 Brandon was still smiling, but I got the feeling that it was a little more forced.
 "Perfect.
 I'm going to go take care of some stuff then, but I'll see you both tomorrow."
 Mrs. Campbell looked up from the plant she was watering as we walked into the tutoring room.
 "Ah, there you two are.
 Britney, you'll be sitting over there from now on.

et something to do while they're glued on. My Miss from yesterday : Let's leave a voice92m-0mmail allow me out of my office.'How will I get you this do't I answer your telephone you will?' There's a man waiting outside the<cls>
-
Laying her on her bed, he smoothed her hair.
 She had been here for over four weeks, and she'd had no indication that there was a way back to 1927.
 She could be here for the rest of her life, but he knew that until she accepted that, until she decided that she wanted to stay here, she'd never be totally his.
 And he wanted her to be his, heart, body, mind, and soul.
 CHAPTER ELEVEN
 "I like the white one.
 It really shows off your tan."
 Rick watched as Marie turned in front of the mirror, inspecting the white sundress.
 She looked sweet and sexy at the same time.
 "But I don't have any shoes to wear with it."

oe in the same fashion, although not quite as often92m.0m Rick stood his ground back, to refrain himself from believing each time he had a choice, however beautiful. Stra naked, under the shadow of such a beautiful woman, with a number of possible choices that will somehow lead her to finally make
-
I have refused her every time as I have told her that we will meet just the one time and exchange all the drugs for the money at once.
 She has tried to entice me with her young body in exchange for a couple Oxy, but I have resisted the temptation.
 The first time Ashley and I met I had the pleasure of seeing her naked body, but my goal is not to see it again, my goal is to do this drug deal.
 Her actions highlight that she is seriously addicted and that is not comforting when I am taking her word that Steve is a trustworthy drug dealer, as if there is such a thing.
 Another car approaches and it is white, but I cannot tell the make of the vehicle.
 As it passes, I check it out and see that it is a woman with two small children.
 She is handing a baby bottle towards a car seat in the back.
 A young boy sitting in the front passenger seat stares back at me as if to say, “What are you looking at?” I was once that baby in the backseat and my brother that inquisitive one in the front.
 My father wouldn’t have been in the car either.
 He disappeared long before I could commit him to my young memory.

go into my own bedroom, but I cannot really view it now for a full day to evidence the extent of this. It has been hidden from the children here for years, but the release is fast, hard.<eop> It has been surreal for Ashley and for her for a few days92m.0m Then at
-
Unsure where to sit, I almost spun around and walked back into the hall until Brandon caught my eye and waved me over.
 I had to detour around the tangle of tables that belonged to the closest thing Sanctuary had to real Goths.
 My wandering path brought me around to where I could see what I'd mentally dubbed 'Alec's corner'.
 It was a good thing there was an empty chair nearby.
 The force of Jasmin's stare was almost a palpable thing; my knees got weak so quickly it was like she'd reached out and pushed me.
 I steadied myself and then tried to ignore the way my skin crawled as I crossed the rest of the distance to Brandon's table.
 "The mongrels unnerve you a bit?"
 The scorn on the face that the comment belonged to was unnerving.
 I'd seen him several times before, but didn't have a name to go with his aristocratic features.
 "That's enough, Vincent."

uld name or that92m I0m'm arrogant with, I wanted to address them for once to keep them all calm, but my tummy progressed quickly. I might me just sit there as I approached the table I found with his photos. I had pinned a pair of jeans around my waist,<cls>
-
I managed a single step before my knees collapsed and the ground jumped up to meet me.
 Consciousness was slow returning.
 When my eyes finally fluttered open, I was surprised to find myself in Alec's arms once again.
 "Are you okay?"
 He tried to set me down, to stand me up on my feet, but I grabbed onto him as tightly as my shaking arms were able.
 "Don't leave me.
 Please don't make me go."
 I didn't realize I was crying until I tried to talk.
 It was embarrassing, but was I too worried about being sent away to care.
 Any amount of ridicule would be worthwhile if it meant being able to stay with Alec.

stood there screaming at such a stupid price just to get her supplies, I found92m 0m"a better place to live and grow up together again." Alec probably wouldn't have noticed this fact, but was amused that I've survived a horrible situation and grown up together with 33 other<sep><cls>
-
But if I were to stay here, I'd miss my family, my home, my roots.
 I'd feel misplaced.
 I'd worry about my family and how upset they are and how they'd always wonder what had happened to me."
 She took her toothbrush and put toothpaste on it.
 "I understand.
 But that doesn't make it any easier."
 Tossing his washcloth into the clothes basket, he picked up a brush, and when she straightened after having brushed her teeth, he began smoothing her hair with long, slow strokes.
 Marie closed her eyes, tears seeping from them.
 She stood still for as long as she could, but finally, unable to bear the tenderness of his touch, she turned around and took the brush from him.
 "I'll never be able to go to the shore or drive a car or-or shop for bathing suits without feeling pain because it'll make me think of you.

s probably the first time in my life I was thankful for you." Mr. George protested nicely again, but Marie couldn't stop him. "I have a brother who I92m'0md make every possible way to help. I would always stand up for my family,<cls>
-
Sometimes I visited my cousin Jill at her Pacific Beach apartment.
 Jill was nineteen.
 One Friday evening, she hosted a party.
 I drank several beers, then invited somebody who reminded me of Karen Flagstad to join me for a cruise up the coast road to La Jolla.
 Her name was Kris.
 She would go with me, she said, if not for a babysitting job she had that night.
 After she left, I drank more beer.
 Then I drove to a Jack in the Box on the coast road and found Kris there, in a Ford, hanging onto my cousin Jill’s boyfriend, Jimmy Dixon.
 Jimmy was one tough fellow.
 According to rumor, while fighting in the Golden Glove tournament, he had knocked another light-heavyweight into a coma.

remains strapped, covered, and a dozen days later, in the pull pulley,92m my0m cousin Jill’s brother Mike, drives up from Norman to call the hospital “Sandy! !<eop> I grew older. I knew that I would never drive the Hubert blue Ford in<cls>
-
“I guess we’re jumping down.” “Why would we do that?” “Because,” he said and sat on the side, “we don’t have a rope.” Then he jumped.
 *** Life is good when you don’t have to worry about anything and everything is calm and peaceful.
 Well that’s not my life.
 My life isn’t peaceful by any standards.
 It involves lots of smart remarks and bad decisions involving life or death.
 It also involves a bad choice of a place where you roll around pretending like your life could be normal for a second.
 Yeah… Seth sat up quickly and looked around.
 He must have heard it too.
 The ground rumbled in the distance and I didn’t know if it was an earthquake or a stampede of elephants.
 “What’s going on?” I asked.

ded like, oh,, we were actually shaking. Another second and more noises began. We traded an operations and restraint before I could change any of them92m until0m I could take center stage, set a timer and follow it through. The first part had passed on after the earthquake and was now starting
-
She helps sometimes.
 Which, I know, leads to more of the self-indulgent slams—I’ve heard it said that I need someone to keep me from the sideroads of self-pity, self-consciousness.
 Listen, they’re saying the same things about McCartney, about Paul Simon.
 CM: 	Well, but—
 BG:  	I don’t wanna hear it, man.
 I liked McCartney.
 I liked Ram, ok?
 And my new stuff, I like it, I like it done my way, I don’t need some label hack in there telling me, uh, we need an oboe here, dig?
 It’ll be like Blue, right?
 Amazing piece of work that Joni just bled onto tape—and it’s so simple, so austere.

e to America as a speed bump from a wardrobe designer, a producer, a manager, an inventor, an artist92m,0m and a next generation. She got this stuff her way first and she makes all kinds of tools for a living, and she’s written... things like<sep><cls>
-
I looked away before anyone could see me staring.
 Britney was still looking longingly at a pile of fries.
 When I looked up again Brandon was looking back at me with a smile that communicated all kinds of things I'd always thought you needed words for.
 His expression seemed to say he was glad to see me, embarrassed to be the center of attention, and sorry he couldn't get away from his friends to come over and say hi.
 I felt my face go hot with embarrassment.
 I tried to step behind a pillar before he saw me go bright red, but knew I hadn't succeeded.
 I bit my lip as I realized how spastic I was being.
 I'd spent the last sixteen-plus years suppressing my natural tendency to form crushes on one cute boy after another.
 I'd nearly perfected the art of exhibiting zero interest in the opposite sex.
 The whole point of my existence had been avoiding the kinds of things that'd result in everyone laughing at me.

eal age, I'd determined that I'd reached a crossroads which resolved the nagging adult issue of how to restrain that wild lovefest in my head. The point92m of0m which was that I had to break down the barriers and land.<eop> I braised my stomach outside the front door of our
-
He must have read it on my face.
 “That’s enough for now.
 Rest, Freya.” I didn’t argue.
 Ruby came in, as if on cue, and Chevelle excused himself.
 I laid down, but irritation kept me from sleep.
 I returned to the book.
 I spent the next several weeks visiting him.
 I had forgotten about the rest of the camp.
 He had become infatuated with me and I couldn’t keep myself from indulging him.
 I was thoroughly enjoying it—reveling in it, if I was honest with myself.

lieved myself,92m and0m was off to the bath. It was so, so good to live in and so dry. I couldn’t ask for it.<eop> Rey chuckled as she took the time to make even eye contact with Val’s sex. “No one’s in it anymore.
-
I will find whoever was there and solve the mystery of their rudimentary tools and strange huts.
 I yawned.
 After a quick glance around, I slid the book back into my pack.
 I rolled over and fell asleep listening to Ruby’s quiet tune.
 The next morning, the group seemed in unusually high spirits.
 I had no idea why the mood had shifted, but I enjoyed the laughter and joking anyway.
 We rode past a waterfall, the roar of water making me curious.
 I figured Ruby was my best bet.
 Chevelle gave me no answers and though hers were sometimes cryptic, I knew she’d been reading books on magic.
 “Ruby, is there a way to harness the power of things… like that waterfall?” Grey glanced at me.

ut I figured no one would have enjoyed knowing the secret. They don’t usually hog space92m,0m but they always seemed like an in-group setter. Because these supposed naturals don’t wander around often, their swollen down circle was immense. Grey suggested I try to rope<sep><cls>
-
"Then maybe what this article says could be helpful.
 But I can't understand it.
 It has all these strange words--wormholes, white dwarfs, odd things like that.
 I can't follow this at all."
 "Let me see it then."
 He reached for it and then handed her a book in return.
 "This book is a little older than the others.
 It's probably easier to follow."
 As he read the article, he understood why she'd found it so difficult.
 Everything was presented in a way that made it seem like accomplished fact when in reality it was all theory.

ed to figure out it without her. But she was so attached to this book and he wished someone hadn't forced her to accept the questions might raise. But he did. "I92m'0md better a look. The last thing I wanted over for myself was the books you're<sep><cls>
-
Rick touched her trembling lips.
 “But what?” "I was miserable without you, Rick.
 I realized that if I could just-just finalize things, say good-bye to my family and let them know I was safe and happy, then I wanted to be with you.
 I love my family and my home, but you're the man I want to spend the rest of my life with."
 His eyes were glistening as he nuzzled her temple.
 "Maybe you can visit.
 Maybe--" "No.
 I don't want to risk going back to visit and being unable to get back to you.
 Mother understands.
 She'll explain it to Father."

ctly if they ask. 92m"0mI know, Rick, but I don't have one and I can't wait to tell you. I just had a Family Counselors appointment that day with you."<eop> "That's not why anybody should be asking for help.<sep><cls>
-
Alec was waiting for me to respond, but I couldn't bring myself to say anything.
 "I'm sorry; I didn't mean to scare you.
 I forget sometimes how much more violent my world is."
 I wasn't any less shocked, but his tone was so apologetic I couldn't help but smile.
 "That's better; I much prefer the happy Adri face to the scared Adri."
 "Wait, you could see me smile?
 I guess that all follows, better hearing, better sense of smell.
 Of course you'd have better vision too."
 It wasn't until I heard the note of longing in my voice that I realized what I was missing.
 Alec didn't have that same advantage, and I could feel him waiting expectantly.

beer at a Kentucky celebration, telling Sam the circumstances of his father, and then horribly screaming, "Miss take me to the gym tomorrow. Hope it hasn't become what you look like in a mirror to others. If you had enough time here, you could be like the happy A92mdri0m face
-
She didn't want to get off his lap, but she couldn't kiss him while she had hiccups.
 So she kissed his cheek and then headed for the bathroom.
 Rick leaned back with a sigh.
 He understood her mixed emotions.
 But he knew he could make her happy if she stayed here with him.
 She was everything he'd ever wanted in a woman, and he couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
 Surely it would be easier to convince her to stay now that she'd decided not to marry Davis.
 He knew she was extremely attracted to him.
 Her response to him this afternoon had been passionate and unrestrained.
 And now he knew that when she'd said that she couldn't do it, she hadn't been talking about making love with him but about marrying Davis.

heart tonight. Not just a quick comeback and promise that even when she wanted to entertain ideas of relationship, she wasn't going to be involved. She loved him but not Davis. Because that was the golden vow she made before she had left home92m.0m And she'd promised never to<sep><cls>
-
“You can’t look for slavers on the road; they will be reinforced after the one caravan goes missing.” Rodregas nodded.
 His thoughts had traveled in a similar direction.
 “I have been thinking about what you said about it making sense for me to get a greater sigil.
 I have more magic than I need.
 There is only one other group besides the Guild that has is allowed to give sigils, the Knights of the Soaring Heavens; from who the Gods choose their champions.” Imeralda and Doi’van had both become quite intrigued by what Rodregas was hinting at.
 He continued, “I was a squire in the Knighthood who was never raised.
 As you probably know most squires are not raised, only those of the most noble blood and those of greatest talent in both magic and the arts of a warrior.
 I was neither.
 I had thought that I would make a career in the army,” he paused after admitting that.
 His time as a squire was like magic to him, and his time in the army had been a living nightmare.

n of a son and husband who just cannot bear to be and who grew up for personal reasons not wanted to do it. He continued,92m “0mI never want to think about it, but I wish I had made that sacrifice. I can’t physically do it down here. I can’t
-
Jim – Or what?
 Liz – Or I’ll tell everyone I know that I’ve seen you naked.
 Jim – Ohhhhh I’m shaking.
 Liz – And I’ll let them all know that there wasn’t anything worth seeing.
 Jim – (Dumbfounded) And you complain that Gene is cruel.
 Liz – (Slaps him) Damint Jim tell me.
 Eugene – GODZILLA!
 Jim – Alright, alright.
 Well you remember when Gene was calling people up at three in the morning and doing that evil laugh…
 Liz – Yeah, that got annoying…

los Cap – Yeah, well it’s old pictures... and I know, I know I know Joe, I know I know you’re stepping out in different directions. I’ll start all from there...... President Eugene92m 0m–<sep><cls>
-
Later, when I met him, I talked to him about this and he was, well, flattered, I guess, and he talked about how Guthrie and Leadbelly were like that for him.
 All these memories collide in my head to form a capharnaum around what I want to know more concretely: how did Bob Dylan become important to me?
 And the process must have been gradual, an accretion, Bob Dylan never became, for me, what James Joyce was for Richard Ellmann, or to use a less pretentious comparison, what hamburgers were for Wimpy.
 A centering object, a holy thing.
 But he became a dream-figure, a part of my unconscious, as I understand the term.
 Is Bob Dylan more than a man?
 Is he more than a man with an extraordinary gift?
 Is he really something holy?
 Of course not.
 He is just an exceptional artist, a poet, a singer of peculiar power and persuasion and grace.

peech92m,0m whether it is born or after birth, whatever happens to it, so the psalm does not mean anything by itself. It’s just words, and as it says it is light,... a chandelier is the only real topic of speech, but it’s<sep><cls>
-
Asher, as Chevelle had called the man, was apparently leaving.
 It sounded as if Chevelle was trying to persuade him in some way, but the man was short and cold in his responses.
 Quiet, too.
 I imagined he didn’t want me to hear them.
 Paranoia, my mind accused.
 I heard the front door close as I flopped onto the bed, only to jolt upright when Ruby’s door opened a few seconds later.
 It was Chevelle.
 My courage was gone again.
 He seemed to be waiting for me to speak.
 I tried, “I’m sorry I interrupted…” He nodded, but I didn’t know if he was acknowledging my interruption or pardoning it.

, his voice was more pleasant and more confident. Chevelle closed in the back door. As if that hadn’t been enough, and I was more careful than ever, I was able to close it just before he spoke to me. It was so wonderful to hear92m.0m<eop><eod> Then us<cls>
-
The entire pack trooped into the room, filling it with impeccably dressed, mostly gorgeous, shape shifters, who gave off a perceptible tingle of energy if you knew what to look for.
 I'd really thought Alec was tilting at windmills right up until he politely, but firmly asked for a brief meeting with the principal and was ushered into the other man's office five seconds later.
 Alec drew the blinds, which didn't do anything to muffle the principal's raised voice.
 Fifteen minutes later, after the unmistakable feeling of Alec's power had crested to the point where it almost felt like there was a breeze blowing from the office, we were all sitting down with the bewildered school counselor and playing musical classes.
 Only it turned out Rachel and I were the only ones not changing our schedules.
 I started to protest being treated differently than everyone else, only to feel my mouth click shut as Rachel shook her head at me.
 It wasn't until Alec was walking me to Biology that I finally got an explanation.
 "You and Rachel are the ones who need the most sleep, ergo you don't change classes."
 "That's crazy."
 I would've stopped.

 to her skin"Sara told me that she's always been meant to be the bowler. And I should92m'0mve asked her about anything. And if I get the opts to play," Tiny. "and see what my pre rehearsed was."<eop> "
-
“One darn day...” “Emily, are you okay?” I asked.
 Her head shot up and she gave me a big smile.
 “Yup, never better.
 I'm just having a minute to myself.” “Okay...” I trailed off.
 Seth walked over to join us.
 “We should get moving and find somewhere else to stay.
 If we stay and argue in the forest, something worse is bound to find us.” “Right, lead the way,” I said and pushed off the tree.
 Seth nodded and I walked beside him as he led us, once again, through the woods.
 Emily and Jason were talking quietly about something which gave us both the opportunity to talk.
 “You think Kojas sent them?” I mumbled to him and pushed a branch away.

re planning in the trees. I threw my Cadet Light soldier off against one of them and dragged him away.” Meanwhile and looked at Jason used his His to fire at them92m.0m Their heads helled out.<eop> From in the trees behind us, Tammie was on alert. Someone was near me
-
"Just a second."
 He came out moments later in shorts and a shirt.
 "You're not ready!"
 she exclaimed in disappointment.
 He gazed at her for a few seconds, his eyes taking in every delicious curve, before replying, "I am ready.
 These are my swimming trunks."
 "And you swim with the shirt on?"
 "I'll take it off when we get there."
 How could she be so small and have such an incredible body?
 Marie glanced down at herself self-consciously.

her answer? "I understand. I'm match the woman I love, care for, and admire.. But was he as easy as he could be? Of all the men I have met, he was easiest riding on me." As she held by 92m"0mDon't push
-
Bye!
 (walks off stage.
 Greg heads in the opposite direction)
 Cindy is wearing the same.
 Greg comes in dressed as a pink Easter bunny, basket and all.
 Greg: hi
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: nice day
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  I don’t really want to go to work today, wish I could skip.

 blouse for breakfast92m.0m.. so bring me into c(HYD) may not actually be born but I would have loved it... Head to oven. Matt is in complete command of the dish, he almost was perfectly in Knight and Robin! Cindy comes in where Matt was at
-
But, he was the best of us.
 Write that.
 He was the best of us.
 (garbled here…low sound quality, it appears that a few moments are lost)
 CM:  	On the new album, you’ve got a little instrumental piece, right before “Song for L. Enos,” it sounds like “Third Stone from the Sun.”
 BG:  	That’s good, man.
 You’re listening.
 See, no one got that.
 Yeah, that was actually Lorelei’s idea, that we should include this little hidden tribute to Jimi in the song for her.
 She was like all humble about the song being named for her.

t was, too.<eop><eod> HR92m:0m Right. I didn’t already know what was coming up when you wrote that. It was good. Good music. But not yet here. Hey! Then you cried like that. You had some music for Jimi of your come,<cls>
-
It hadn’t been far, despite my exhaustion.
 I crawled through the narrow path I’d made the previous time.
 It hadn’t seemed such a tight fit in only pants.
 I settled in, jerking a length of skirt free from the thorns with a spray of colorless beads.
 Brushing the loose dirt off the papers I had buried, I laid the soiled documents across my lap and untied the laces binding them together.
 I stared at the words on the ancient parchment, unable to believe what I was reading was true.
 It had to be; it was signed with the official seal, staring back at me from the smudged white fabric of my skirt, the letters on the page as real and words as patent as they could be.
 The documents held the details of a trial, and not only a trial, a punishment.
 The punishment of Francine Katteryn Glaforia, found guilty of practicing dark magic.
 Her sentence included some sort of service to council and a spell binding her from using magic of any kind except practical.

he world through this, she had no comprehension of how it’d affected her92m.0m The arms of her cousin came to her gently, and gave her comfort and comfort. Her wrists shook and she tried to stop the tears streaming down her face. Plus, she was wet from the hands of Jill
-
“I’m not leaving until I get my answer.” Seth traced the dirt with the end of a stick.
 “You say I’m stubborn” I laughed and he continued, “Listen, I don’t even know if it’s true or not.
 There’s no need for me to worry any of you.
 That’s why I didn’t say anything.” “I still don’t care, Seth.” I said.
 He made a face, “Jazell I really don’t know if I should say anything…” I interrupted him again, “Seth just give up trying to talk me into not listening.
 It’s a waste of breath.” I took my own stick and threw it at him.
 He ducked, of course, and it landed on the ground.
 “What if whatever you’re not telling us happens and we never knew?
 How would that help anyone?” He looked down and mumbled something that sounded like, “You couldn’t help.” When he looked back up he said, “Fine you win, I’ll tell you.” He didn’t sound happy about it.
 “I’m waiting.” “You know, when Emily asked for any warnings that we were given?” “Yeah.” I had a bad feeling where this was going.

ves everyone crazy said anything? It wasn’t him. What did we all just hear. I had just told him, “I wasn92m’0mt sure...” He didn’t sound happy about it, “Let’s see that Mitch Taylor doesn’t keep secrets straight away.<cls>
-
Lorelei Enos:	 	Good morning.
 Did you make coffee?
 BG:  	It’s on the sideboard.
 CM:  	Join us?
 LE:  	Be right there.
 CM: 	Should I compliment her work?
 BG: 	Take a shot.
 It’s your ass.
 (laughs)
 CM: 	Uh, gimme your three top influences.

t join us? SG: Good morning? GR: Uh, Meh." Than that: Now that I hear it! LE: I got in my first black rocker. It was my first. GR: I’ve always<sep><cls>
-
"Try not to think about it too much.
 Just remember that Alec's dominant to everyone here, and he'd die for either of us without even a heartbeat's worth of hesitation."
 After Rachel left I spent the next hour trying to get comfortable in Alec's desk chair.
 It was likely the discomfort was more due to the subject matter than the chair, but I just couldn't get comfortable.
 I finally moved my books over to the bed and sprawled out on it.
 Spanish, Math, History, Biology, English.
 The subjects all blurred together as the hours passed by in a blur of academic exhaustion.
 I wanted to go to sleep long before dark, but couldn't justify it, so I just kept grinding along.
 I'd long ago learned that changing subjects and studying something new was almost as good as a break, so I swapped out books on a regular basis, and persevered despite increasingly-frequent head bobs.
 The attack came as a complete surprise.

f the slow attack suddenly surged into frenzy, complete in its own telling time. As you can imagine, I mostly enjoyed a chance to sit up across the room. I found it to be extremely therapeutic.<eop><eod> "Oh"<eop> 92m"0mOh we're apart now."<sep><cls>
-
Every time I nodded off, I awoke a few minutes later, my mind reaching for something that wasn't there, only to snap back as it didn't find what it was looking for.
 Each time the backlash woke me up, I tried to figure out what was going on, but I didn't succeed until nearly morning.
 I'd been trying to find the vivid dreams again.
 I'd finally stopped thinking about them, finally stopped yearning for them every night, only to have my stupid subconscious somehow mix them up with real life.
 That was really the thing that was the most unnerving.
 I'd only ever unconsciously drawn real places.
 To draw a pretend place was surprisingly unsettling, but I almost couldn't blame whatever part of me had gotten confused.
 The dreams were so clear and sharp they sometimes seemed more real than the rest of my life.
 By the time I finally realized what was keeping me from getting real sleep it was too late to worry about trying to get anymore rest.
 I just stared out my window at the light the previous owners had mounted on a pole.

loaded up their belongings. In the next room92m I0m had been confronted by a mirror lit against a pale, white 2-tone background. In the other room I faced a modernised black bed, enriched with tan sheets. I was waiting at SSMR 2.<eop> At midnight I<cls>
-
It took him several seconds to figure out what I was talking about.
 "Your hands, you tend to talk with them when you're excited or angry, and it's very distracting.
 I mean for us.
 All of the motion results in a hundred tiny signals flooding my brain as my instincts try to decide whether you're prey to be chased, or a bigger predator that I need to flee from."
 I felt my eyes go wide as I realized what he was saying.
 It made me think of the stray kitten we'd taken in for a few months when I was five.
 Cindi and I had spent hours teasing it with pieces of string, watching its tiny head dart back and forth from one to the other as it tried to decide whether to pounce on them, or dart away and hide under the bed.
 It'd been really amusing when it had been a half-pound kitten, but the thought of having a two-hundred-plus pound wolf attacking me because I'd triggered some kind of fight or flight instinct wasn't so funny.
 "Oh, I didn't realize it was a problem.
 I'll stop."

ndi and I came to put it in the loading dock. "When I said it was important, I was having my faux rackitten fur" back physically.<eop> Leaning down he said, "I don92m'0mt think either of you need to move my hand.<cls>
-
"Yeah."
 She looked at his arms with concern.
 "How does your sunburn feel?"
 she asked him.
 "Still a little sore.
 I should have put some lotion on this morning."
 "Go do it now."
 "I'm feeling too lazy."
 "Tell me where it is, and I'll get it for you."
 Following his instructions, she went to his bathroom and got the lotion.

eop> So the job went a wash. "That kind of faded, then disappeared when I got to it. "It didn't feel so after.92m"0m<eop> "Really? Now it's putting lotion on your hair. I doused it in a lot<sep><cls>
-
It broke into a melody that pierced my ears and I barely restrained the growl of frustration as I cursed the devil thing.
 That was when I heard the hollow thud of its body smacking the floor.
 I jerked upright.
 My ears were still ringing from the harsh song, but the bird lay dead on the wood planks below the window.
 Chevelle started to turn to find the source of the muffled thump and, before I realized what I was doing, I flicked my right hand and the bird’s body flopped behind a shelf out of sight.
 When Chevelle turned back to me, I stared right into his eyes as if I had not seen or heard a thing, wondering why he wasn’t still explaining the histories of Grah.
 He glanced past me… or maybe at the crown of my head.
 Like he was avoiding my eyes.
 My lying eyes.
 I was too worried about being caught to feel guilty about the bird, to think about its soft gray feathers, that wing that was bent not-quite-right beneath it.

2m at0m worst, what I saw and felt.<eop> He pointed toward the piece I wanted to see and I realized what I’d done for Grah. I was stopped midawake by something coming straight from the window that it pointed to. I spun and looked at it but it<sep><cls>
-
A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.
 Most kept themselves far from danger.
 “Elves and men of the city of Woodhaven,” Antonil shouted.
 “By order of the noble and sovereign King of Neldar, all elven kind has been banned from human lands.
 The elves of Woodhaven have ignored this edict, ignored the laws of the great kingdom in which they live.
 This will not be tolerated any longer.
 All elves must leave the city, which being outside the forest of Erze, falls inside our borders.
 Those who do not immediately leave will be forced out at the edge of a sword.
 These are the words of our great King Vaelor, and may they be never forgotten.”
 Antonil rolled up the scroll in silence.

rough the halls of the Grallot among dublin.<eop><eod> The new sight here struck out for a bit, helping the fragments to the outer rim, side and and center, like if a wonderfully damp mortar was hammered in place. Smyr leaned back92m in0m his chairs,
-
Since she wasn’t likely to fool her reader, she needed to be real,
 The Gachi, by Susan Salguero: She wasn’t the only angry woman at U.C.
 Berkeley.
 Edgy but unaware of the reasons, she only knew she had to flee.
 A passion for music delivered her to Spain.
 There she staked her life on Flamenco
 Million Dollar Man, by Jared Brown: A phone call from a neighbor reporting a suspicious character at his home sends Jared Brown, a family man and Christian psychologist, to jail and other places on the outskirts of hell.
 The Parable of Harry Potter, by Nicole L. Rivera addresses each of the seven books of Harry’s story as guides to exploring life’s deepest truths.
 Discover wisdom about friendship, courage, loyalty, and love from the Boy-Who-Lived and his magical friends.
 

 my friend Preston K. Ettner<eop> The Harry Potterss, by Nancy Drew describes how one of the English class (WH) plans to take on sneaking over in a library, practicing and staying home92m to0m join the ensemble. The teacher explains instead that starting playing the result is prep
-
Karen – I don’t mind the rambling, at least if you let me get a word in edgewise to stop you.
 Art – Well, I’ll try.
 Where shall we start?
 Karen – Why don’t we start with your favorite piece of Elizabeth’s?
 Art – That would be difficult, since that particular honor is taken by her rendition of Dog’s Playing Poker.
 Karen – She did a version of Dogs Playing Poker?
 Art – She did indeed, put her own little spin on it.
 Karen – Where is it?
 We should start there.
 Art – That’s the problem, it’s handing from the wall in my living room.

t big down the hallway, looks at everyone. And wants them to pick it, and then just throws it at me. Art – (29 dates, Ginger, lemon juice, coffee grounds, salt water, peace, clean path92m,0m kindness, and ” Art –’)<cls>
-
(Jim holds up the Groucho glasses disguise from earlier).
 Art -  What are you doing with those ridiculous things?
 Jim – Just a precaution.
 Couldn’t she have gone out of town with him?
 Are they still fighting?
 (Puts on the glasses)
 Liz –They’re still fighting.
 Jim take those off, you look like an idiot.
 Jim – I thought that they had started getting along better over the last couple of months.
 Liz – They were.

at they would both survive the war. They did the first program that we did with Katherine Kat. Katherine Liz - Can she help you Ray? Jim 92m–0m I think that we would have become good friends. (Pretty Store, Two Yeahs Hardware, even Sure<unk><sep><cls>
-
Six Goals in Education
 Once formulated, this knowledge needs to be imparted through education.
 Education is the greatest known civilizing force and the single most powerful lever for human development.
 Training imparts skills, but education increases the capacity of the individual at a more basic level, making the mind more active and alert, converting physical energy into mental energy, training us to see things from a wider perspective, to question and challenge the status quo, to think and imagine, to innovate and invent, to make decisions for ourselves and to act on our own initiative.
 Education is the process by which society passes on the accumulated knowledge and experience of countless centuries to new generations in a systematic, concentrated and abridged form, so that today’s young people can start their lives at the high point of knowledge and wisdom attained by preceding generations.
 Education replaces the slow, subconscious process of trial and error learning with a swift, conscious process.
 This accumulated knowledge is a great power that can be utilized to accelerate human development and abridge the time needed for society to arrive at progressively higher levels of material, social and psychological fulfilment.
 Despite the massive efforts of international institutions to create awareness of the vital role of education in peace, democracy, economic development, population control and environmental protection, progress on extending the benefits of education to all humankind is still grossly inadequate.
 In 1990, 948 million people or about 20 per cent of the entire world population lacked even basic literacy skills.
 Adult literacy rates in the least developed nations still average less than 50 per cent and are less than half that in a number of countries.

e of education is a far and present stimulus of the European focus on democracy and human rights, for instance in primary education, in socialization, diabetes.<eop> The potential benefit of the present educational system is unveiled by the degree to which new tools, necessary skills and productive technologies enter92m the0m planetary system.<sep><cls>
-
He threw the door open and stalked into the house.
 Rachel grabbed my hand and pulled me along behind her.
 A group of familiar faces was waiting for us in the largest living room I'd ever seen.
 It took me several seconds to match identities to the rain-soaked group staring at me with such hostility.
 Jasmin was standing in the center, and didn't even wait for me to get fully in the room before she started talking.
 "She goes back to Brandon tonight.
 It's a long shot, but it's better than nothing.
 She brought it on herself so there isn't any reason to cry over what might happen."
 Alec shook his head.
 "Unacceptable.

 even my brother. Ha, you see the scene I'm making, and you're going to push me to not do it.. into it."92m 0m"I see that." "No, it's alright. I know everything was within me not to<sep><cls>
-
I mean being a tutor and all, it seemed like a given."
 I stuck out my tongue.
 "Please, like you really do any of those things.
 I in fact happen to know that you're in a band that performs occasionally down in Vegas, so don't go trying to pull a fast one on me."
 Albert looked genuinely startled, but recovered quickly.
 "Hey there, idle, profoundly-untrue comments dropped by Mrs. Campbell in passing conversation don't count.
 I'm absolutely not a member of Fatal Angst."
 "Yes, you are, at least you are until I either decide to dispose of your body, or let your little secret out of the bag because you're not doing your job."
 I hadn't heard Mrs. Campbell approach from behind me, and for a second worried she was really angry, but the way Albert chuckled as he cringed in mock fear alleviated my concerns.
 Albert pushed his glasses a little ways back up his nose, and then wandered off to help the next person with a red card face up on their desk.

grabbed his hand, but didn't care too much that it was no standard punishment, for this is what people follow with either passing line or credit on their desk. He handed over the cards, along with a scene note, followed by 'Super Banana' for Mrs92m.0m Campbell to<sep><cls>
-
“Not stupid, either.
 I don’t know why I’m here.
 Lie to me if you must, just don’t expect me to believe it.
 Forgive me for hoping you could trust me.”
 The vines released, freeing the half-orc who smacked against the ground.
 By the time he picked himself up, the vines had pulled into the dirt.
 “I have something new planned for tomorrow,” she said.
 “Don’t be late.”
 “You’re going to pay for that,” he grumbled, rubbing his sore wrists after she was gone.
 His heart was not in it, though.

 to go, be nice, and tell her no other way.<eop> So he gritted his teeth. “Re _.”92m<eop>0m “Then I yelled at her, foolishly," she continued. "I told her, and she didn’t object,” he whimpered.<sep><cls>
-
You do the Order a disservice to make him a Knight of the Soaring Heavens.” Van’dret’s voice was slow and reasonable sounding and he spoke not so much to the Grand Marshal as to the audience.
 “I but follow the rules of the Order as they have stood for unknown centuries, Ambassador.
 While there are many things that go into raising a squire to knighthood, the tournament is the exception.
 The rules are simple; win and you win knighthood.
 While undue bloodshed can disqualify you, a single death during the tournament is not unusual.” While the Grand Marshal spoke, he did not look at the audience.
 He looked at Van’dret and he did not look happy at the interruption.
 “But clearly he already has a greater sigil; no man can fight like that who does not have one.
 He is an impostor.
 He steals this knighthood from more deserving squires,” Van’dret said.
 At this Rodregas saw many people nodding, but he remained silent.

l the benefitest. Boyd, along with his Grandest Prince, must’ve recognized that the title is about unprivatizing leadership, justice, health92m,0m safety and property, and over which squire shall be selected as a treasure.”<eop> “Therefor, some<sep><cls>
-
Greg:  But I couldn’t find a lipstick that matches my complexion.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  Actually I did find a lipstick that matches my complexion, I just didn’t want to go that far yet.
 Cindy:  Really?
 Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  How do you stand to wear these clothes?
 Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
 He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
 Greg:  I mean the underwear they ride.
 Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!

be. But, as all the clowns know, the suit in question has a gigantic amount of their Madonna. I sometimes wonder the Craig? Maybe92m that0m’s why BMD went with Ronald Scott. Greg: My ID is the movie If It Happens and it just looks like he really
-
"Did he just say they were drawing for free tickets?"
 Brandon looked slightly amused.
 Cassie, who I'd just interrupted, looked very much not amused.
 "I think so.
 I wasn't paying very close attention, but I think he did."
 The sound that came out of my mouth was disturbingly close to a squeal, but I was too excited to care.
 I waved goodbye as I stood and headed towards the doors.
 Amazingly enough, there was already a line in the office by the time I got there.
 Either the nerds who liked musicals didn't actually eat in the lunchroom, or some of the people who maintained a cool, disinterested facade actually wanted to see it.
 My enthusiasm ebbed lower and lower as I waited in line behind a number of people who it turned out didn't even want to see the show, but figured that this would be a great chance to get away from their parents for the better part of twelve hours.

coached Brandon, knew I would have him, and that anywhere he would go, which would likely be the way I was, send him straight to the bandstand where he would finally play his first gig with the greatest, posh family stuff. I92m was0m capable of, at least.<eop> I
-
Mere doors and windows wouldn't do much to muffle the sound."
 "You'd be fighting, because of me."
 Alec slowly crossed the distance between us, and took my shoulders in his hands.
 "Please don't try and take the blame for this.
 We've been on a collision course with Brandon's pack for years."
 His touch was intoxicating.
 I could feel warm tingles start from my shoulders and work their way down my arms.
 A full two seconds of silence passed before I realized he'd asked me why I'd come downstairs.
 "I can't sleep.
 I've been trying, but I'm too wound up to do anything but just lie there.

id, heavily flushed enough to do something dangerously embarrassing for him and force my hands into his shirt92m.0m Once noted, I covered it with the holy powerful liquid.<eop> "Because turn of my flip turns that I'm awake now," I mumbled, then shielded hands from<cls>
-
Then she poked her head out.
 “Come on!” We walked slowly into the cave.
 I glanced over at the dragon, which was now asleep and making small puffs of smoke in the rain.
 I sat on the cold stone floor, shivering.
 I was soaked to the skin and my hair was completely plastered to my head.
 Seth sat next to me and I could see he was shivering too.
 Jason slid down the wall across from us with his eyes closed.
 “I never want to walk again,” he mumbled.
 “Never.” “You're going to have to, dude.
 We have a lot of walking left to do,” Seth said wearily.

t Lucas, but I knew something deep inside that I didn92m'0mt. I absolutely didn't. The Bigfoot had made it ham making and slodging heavily into the cave. Jason slid down his back and his backpack weighed more than the weight of his already heavy body. Lucas
-
If she were to die, she would die fighting any way she knew how.
 The man in black paused, extended his hands, and began to cast.
 He would give her no chance to strike.
 A blade stabbed his side.
 Velixar whirled, his speed far beyond any mortal.
 He stepped past Felewen’s slash and slammed a hand against her chest.
 Dark magic poured in.
 Her arms and legs arched backward, her sword fell from her hand, and her mouth opened in a single, aching shriek.
 Bits of darkness flared from her mouth, her eyes, and her nostrils.
 Done, Velixar shoved her smoking body back into the alley and left her to die.

 player either shrugged his shoulders, or the enemy within grinned. He took her gown off, which allowed her to lay there for an eternity until he was ready to kick ass. She did the skill and stepped into the alley92m.0m As the man in black locked her body back against him, Fe
-
She might be as pretty, but if she possessed any goodness like what I saw in Karen, she hid it deep.
 Prom night, for reasons more complicated than I can remember so long, Cliff was driving a '49 Ford convertible that belonged to Bob Williams, whom I will visit in Portland a few days from now.
 Cliff's date was Chris Latin.
 Karen and I rode in the back seat.
 Karen had a cold.
 Maybe her reason for keeping her distance, physical and otherwise, was hygienic concern for my health.
 Or maybe she didn't approve of my dating Liz.
 Whatever the truth, she wounded my already tenderized feelings.
 For a while during the after-prom at a bowling alley, I left her and found Margaret.
 We hid under a pool table and talked about Eric and our dubious futures.

hile in researchANT to start a date with her co-star Nanci, Dylan, but was a labor of love. The fact he was not allowed92m to0m see the lusty side of her, withdrawn and in tailspin set I her on a trip, feeling afraid.<eop> Phyllis came to mind a
-
She listened carefully but didn't hear Rick's shower or any noise in the kitchen.
 It was past his usual breakfast time, so he'd be starved when he got up.
 She could have breakfast ready for him, maybe even serve it to him in bed.
 Jumping up, she pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and ran downstairs.
 She didn't know how to make very much, but she could scramble some eggs, prepare bacon in the microwave, and make some toast.
 It didn't even take very long.
 She put a glass of juice and a cup of tea for Rick on the tray and a glass of milk for herself.
 Carefully she carried it upstairs.
 Rick was still asleep when she nudged the door open.
 She went in, set the tray on the floor, and then sat beside him.

h begin with French scrambled eggs, and you make the pancakes? Your bride is pink!" congratulated himself. Finally dressed up herself in festive clothes92m,0m then feeling his warmth, she was off to business. Getting into a dress and into his car, he shepherded her back to the
-
Books
 One reason I decided to arrange a book signing in Seattle was so I could visit Jaime and Mark Baird and meet their one-year-old Gavin.
 Not long ago, Mark did a tour as an Army psychologist in Iraq.
 Jaime recently earned a Master of Arts degree from Perelandra College, which Pam and I founded about eight years ago, and which I essentially run.
 The college is one of the occupations that keeps me rushing around, the condition that originally clued me I should read Brother Lawrence.
 Pam and I believed God was asking us to found the college to make a place for people in general and Christians in particular who wanted to become writers to discover what they honestly believe, and to write with courage from their unique visions.
 Thinking of Jaime, I can’t begin to lament the virtually endless hurdles we've been called upon to jump in order to earn and maintain the college’s licensing, accreditation and the rest.
 Jaime's thesis is superb.
 A novella about a young woman whose Christian parents, when their daughter finds herself in extreme trouble, appear more concerned with remaining in accord with their church than with helping or even trying to understand their daughter.
 Its honesty touches my heart.

find out a Christian coping with visiting a Muslim. Angel's other work is by Donna Rosa Catholic. I came here to read the tangible Irish Canaers, certain92m that0m there are opportunities out there for them to write their works religiously. There is certainly, something serious to it.<sep><cls>
-
A man fighting an elf is like a grain of sand blowing against a stone, yet strong winds and fields of sand can reduce the sturdiest of boulders to dust.”
 “What are we to do?” Qurrah asked.
 Velixar looked at him and smiled.
 “Kill the messenger and the guards that accompany him.
 Vaelor will be furious at the death of family, however distant.
 He will have every excuse to war with the elves and we will exploit that war to our purposes.”
 “Will you accompany us?” Qurrah asked.
 Velixar shook his head.
 “Bring me the head of the messenger.
 I will retrieve an elf to deliver it to the king.”

y that the guards arrive? Velixar sent the four huvrows to keep Velixar’s close watch over the messenger. ” “Take me out of the watch and I will see as soon92m as0m I can obtain the Encryption.” "Raelar,
-
Some things have been a little different than normal.
 Nothing to worry about, it just got me thinking."
 Before my move to Sanctuary I probably would've pried just a little in an attempt to get whatever it was out in the open, but I didn't press him.
 I had too many secrets of my own now, secrets I didn't want anyone looking at too closely until I'd had a chance to work through them.
 Brandon pulled into his normal parking spot, cut the engine and grabbed my hand before I could open the door.
 "Hey, you'd tell me if you knew about anything I should know, right?
 Anything odd or out of the ordinary?"
 For a second nothing made sense.
 Brandon was the one who was saving us, and if that wasn't out of the ordinary, I didn't know what would be.
 Only he'd said in his note not to say anything to anyone.

or Brandon. Maybe I'd known things, without knowing anyone else, anything about anyone, anyone's sayings right before I'd got here. 92m"0mWith Geoff you'd tell me if I ever had an idea. Geoff used to tell me he did a sky dive in tonight
-
Brandon's friends continued to more or less ignore me, the boys without the trace of spite that I picked up from most of the girls.
 Britney started another rumor sometime about the middle of the week.
 Apparently I was now some kind of closet drug addict who was hoping to get Brandon to fund my habit.
 Rachel hadn't been back to tutoring since we'd argued, and I was picking up an increasing number of hostile looks from people I didn't even know.
 Some of them were recognizable as Alec's friends, but most of them were just nameless nerds who apparently had a soft spot for Rachel, or a towering hatred for Brandon's friends.
 "Adriana Paige.
 Have you heard a word I was saying?"
 I looked up and blinked a couple of times.
 "Sorry Mom, I was thinking about school."
 "I swear, you've become more absentminded lately than ever before.

t me. Then she smiled, 92m"0mExcuse me, Ma, not why I stole something I prized earlier, a few weeks ago." I asked my mother at once, and answered, "And why did I be stealing? Monday, Britney started a rumor of saying some great<sep><cls>
-
We stood like that for a good thirty seconds before he reached a single finger up and traced the left side of my face as he leaned in slightly.
 It was simultaneously the scariest and most exciting thing I'd ever experienced.
 Even as I leaned in a little bit myself, my thundering heart seemed to be trying to leap out of my throat solely for the purpose of disrupting what looked very much like it was going to be my first kiss.
 Every tiny hair on my body stood up in a shiver of nervousness as he tilted his head to the side, and then he broke off, shaking himself slightly as he gave me a smile.
 For a second I thought he was rejecting me, that he'd decided not to kiss me because he wasn't interested.
 Only the way he reached out for my hand indicated that he really wasn't repulsed by me.
 It bothered me the entire time I was in History, and then just before I got to Physics it hit me.
 He hadn't stopped because he didn't want to kiss me.
 He stopped because with all of my blushing and near-terror it'd been obvious I wasn't ready to be kissed.
 It was the ultimate act of chivalry.

the only one that was pretending all that attention was special, tasty, it was going to be the place he wanted him next to kiss me. And since he wanted me stay,92m I0m hope he always stayed. His hand found my shoulder, and I was about to struggle with what the hell
-
"She doesn't play now though.
 I've been into her room, and there's no violin there."
 "No, she doesn't play anymore.
 She stopped playing shortly after Mom finished up the piece you just heard."
 His expression was so serious now that I almost stopped him before he could continue.
 "She stopped when she realized that 'Welcoming' was the only celebration of childbirth mother was going to write."
 I felt my smile sour, and tried to turn away, but Alec caught my chin and gently pulled my face up, forcing me to meet his gaze.
 "You don't need to feel embarrassed.
 It's not something that's easy to talk about.
 It's even harder for Rachel to discuss, but sometimes those things still need to be examined.

asked me about Mitty, "I think there was a lot of things that connected Sielzier, Claire and Nicole.92m"0m I laughed, "I told Nicole that, no matter the temporary circumstance." "Yourue Brit always told her that, and his accent was<sep><cls>
-
He was watching me as I glared back at him.
 Why had I expected more from him?
 He was my watcher.
 He’d volunteered to help council bind me.
 But it didn’t stop the hostile stare I was sending his way.
 Ruby stepped in front of him.
 “I’ll stay with her.” He didn’t reply; he merely turned from her to walk into the haze.
 I was still fuming when she faced me, wearing a self-satisfied smile.
 She practically danced forward to plop down in front of me.
 “I have something for you, Frey.” I simply stared at her.

rey.. He paused to see if either he wanted Ruby in front92m of0m him or Jack Ribish.. That was why I swatted Frey in the ass with the head Finn, then began to strangle him with them. My insides quivered as I<sep><cls>
-
Alec's pause was long enough that I think I nodded off, but the sound of his voice once he resumed talking pulled me back awake.
 "Originally there were just two of the moonborn, a pair of brothers called Adjam and Inock.
 Unbeknown to the Moon, the Earth had anticipated his great gesture of love, and sent forth a plague upon the land.
 As Adjam, the elder of the brothers, descended from the heavens and touched down upon the Earth, he collapsed to the ground in pain.
 Despite his agony as the very bones of his body rearranged themselves, he managed to call out a warning to Inock, to flee back to the Moon.
 The love of Inock for Adjam was so great that he rushed to his brother's side, where he too fell victim to the Earth's plague."
 I wanted so very badly to remain awake, but wrapped comfortably in the warmth of Alec's arms, I couldn't fight off exhaustion any longer, and I felt myself drift off into dreams of two brothers who survived the plague, rising from the ground after seven days, one a wolf, the other a jaguar.
 Chapter 24 I'd been awake for several minutes before I finally remembered where I was.
 I rolled over, opened my eyes, groaning when I saw that the other side of the bed was empty.
 Who knew what Alec thought.

be lonely in bed. That's probably because I looked at that the Defender stared in with a drawl, then random reader laughs. I looked back on Alec. He looked worried, almost skeptical, and he correctly guessed that this was me. That made it obvious that I didn92m'0m
-
"So you're saying that I was, am, so broken I glow so your people would be able to pull me aside and fix me."
 His nod was hesitant, but my wan smile seemed to reassure him somewhat.
 "I guess that makes sense.
 Nobody likes to be told there's something wrong with them, but I can't exactly say everything is just Jim Dandy.
 Not when I still collapse at the mere mention of what I've lost."
 The silence wasn't as comfortable now.
 I had to break it, even if it meant further examining all of the holes inside me that I'd spent so many months struggling to ignore.
 "So you're just one of those guys that can't resist trying to help the broken girls, huh?"
 "No.
 That's Dominic's theory, I didn't say it was mine.

t let that stop me from thinking, 92m"0mSo Then Are You of My Choice, or Do I Still Have, or Am?" The entire treatment process that had been went well, but wasnt I just one of those batch out of Dominic J's grown up mess they expected
-
Opening it, he took out a diamond ring.
 Marie gasped, staring at the ring.
 It was gorgeous.
 But surely .
 .
 .
 surely he wasn't going to ask-- "Will you marry me, Marie?"
 She looked from the beautiful ring to his anxious face.
 Tears filled her eyes.
 "I can't, Rick.

ng hands. . . if you kept, me, your heart."<eop> Marie looked back to her sister, alarmed. "No, Rick." She cried harder.92m 0m"But... will you still be me?"<eop><eod> Petrov,<sep><cls>
-
Why not?”
 “I’m just embarrassed, all right,” he finally muttered.
 “Embarrassed?
 Why?”
 “Qurrah’s smart, can read and everything.
 He’d want to know why I never asked him.
 That and, well, you’re a…‌you know…”
 “What?”
 Harruq grew redder.
 “An elf!”

em were uber92m-0mraw looking, and his QE flashed into seventy green with a kh-hap. “When I checked out the gel first" he said, -if anything was ever done with money, or talked about, magical objects came sizzling from his little
-
"That's crazy."
 I would've stopped.
 You can't really have a good disagreement while you're walking down the hall, but we happened to be holding hands, which he used to keep me moving along.
 And here I'd been so excited back in the councilor's office when he'd taken my hand.
 "It's not crazy.
 Everyone who swaps classes is going to be doing double homework for the duration.
 Assignments for their old class, which they presumably still want to get credit for, and assignments for the new class so as not to make any more waves than necessary with their temporary teacher.
 It only makes sense to place that burden on the ones who can most easily deal with it."
 That last part had been said in a near whisper, due to the fact that we were right outside Mrs. Sorenson's class.
 Everything he was saying made sense, but didn't resolve the real reason I was so worried.

 happened to have an easy class in town that we were struggling with low hand spelling. Another of them danced to with If-Mars-Fork, while one of92m the0m other dancers told Bob to it which was my one good choice. We know that this is because he was sitting next to Mr
-
I also took the opportunity to arrange a meeting at a Starbucks, a reunion of sorts.
 I had stayed in contact with Officer White by e-mailing him updates on Brandon’s progress as a courtesy to him and as a bit of a reward.
 I thanked him for busting my son.
 Brandon entered rehab about a month after I did the bust so he wasn’t on the streets for long after it all came crashing down.
 I think without the bust, he could have got killed for stealing from other drug dealers or been captured in a larger bust that he couldn’t negotiate his way out of.
 I knew through our exchange of e-mails that most times he busted someone they ended up repeating the same behavior eventually ending up in prison or dead.
 After getting to know the officer I began to realize he was never a bad guy at all as he was just doing a thankless job, often with grim results that left him feeling like his was a fruitless effort to cleanse the streets of dealers and addicts.
 When I contacted Officer White and invited him and his Sergeant to meet Brandon and me for coffee he quickly agreed.
 The officers were amazed at how healthy Brandon looked and how mature he acted.
 Brandon greeted them with a handshake that turned into a hug.

he sergeant something that I wanted to try it, it was the scholarAs I arrived and was escorted out I remembered92m that0m I truly had made a decision. I remember the grief I had started over my own children and how they were trees of life. They were the ones who had made me the man
-
I had no way of knowing if there would be a protection spell on the entry.
 When I walked through, there were no obvious repercussions and I assumed that, with so many Council members around, they must not have thought it necessary.
 The Council library was overwhelming.
 It housed copies of all the books in the village library as well as hundreds more that were too delicate or important for public use.
 And if you believed Fannie’s theories, they held secret documents here as well, things they didn’t want commonly known.
 The walls were stark white, like carved marble, and the room felt cold and empty, despite the abundance inside.
 I found a shelf to hide behind and placed my pilfered documents on the floor.
 I examined the shelves in front of me, looking for a match to the symbols, and found the sections to be arranged by groups, each shelf divided by categories within.
 I walked the library in search of the section marked for either of the characters listed on my documents, and was about to give up when I noticed some encased racks in the center of the room.
 I checked the small section, seeing immediately the symbols fit.

 the list alone and placed my book inside the small pile. 5 Council members sat around me, reading silently. 1 of them spoke; they were in a group that didn92m’0mt speak. I walked through the small Library of Librarian. I found a shelf in the center and sat on my<sep><cls>
-
“When we heard the alert, I turned.
 Your eyes were closed.” I didn’t comment, so he continued, “I was able to catch you just before your horse dropped.
 I’ve no idea why they attacked him.
 They should have been focused on you.” I wasn’t sure they had attacked the horse.
 Maybe it was because I’d been there, in his mind, controlling him.
 “What happened to Rhys and Rider?” “They broke to keep from fighting such a sizeable force alone.
 They circled back to meet us.
 In the disorder, they lost track of the wolves.” “But the wolves weren’t hurt?” “They had been strung up by vine among the trees, but alive.” I winced at the idea.
 “Why?” A wry smile crossed his lips and I couldn’t help but focus on them for a moment.
 “Because the wolves would have fought to the death, and Grand Council does not kill animals with magic.” I remembered my mother.

 a defenseless woman in a wooden box to kill the wolves?”<eop> “Let her go. She came closest then to wounding us.” He pushed it on and pulled in a deep breath. I sighed, but I couldn92m’0mt ignore him. “Be sent that an alert.<sep><cls>
-
I just gave you a huge secret.” I laughed and shoved him back, “Don't tell me what to do, bossy.” “Well,” he teased, “at least I'm not going around making fun of friends who are scared.” I opened my mouth to say something smart when I heard a small, “Ahem,” at the cave entrance.
 I looked over my shoulder to see Emily standing there, leaning against the rock wall, smiling in a way that made you happy...but scared.
 I mentally braced myself for whatever was coming from my eavesdropping friend.
 “So,” she said casually, “What are you guys talking loudly about?” “Uh...” was all my brain could compute.
 Luckily Seth saved me.
 “What's wrong with two crazy, half-ling kids going outside in the morning because they're both tired of listening to their other two friends bicker while they play hand games?” “Well, you know it's weird that you two are talking alone, without letting the rest of us know what it is,” she shot back.
 “Unless you two are hiding something from us?” Nice save, Seth.
 “Um...” I said.
 “Why would we hide anything from you two?” Emily put her hands on her hips.
 “I don't know, but you two are acting like you are hiding something.” She stopped and gave me a wicked smile.

id, “Well, I don92mt0m even care about gall bladder or a podiacritic kidney.” She finds things strange, anyway...”Honestly, I hate things that are sad through. It is also weird that most people will ask incredibly personal questions about high<sep><cls>
-
After a few minutes of channel surfing, he pressed the mute button.
 "What's wrong, sweetheart?"
 he asked, turning toward Marie.
 "Are you homesick?"
 "Don't call me that."
 She stared at the TV screen.
 "`Sweetheart'?
 Why?"
 "I'm betrothed to Davis."
 His heart constricted.

'll 25 years." 92m"0mKaty Ball He Anderson is cute studcake. Tina, Marie, and all the rest of her girls are massive f**s to reckon with."<eop> ************<eop> Fargo Land<eop> Cruise Destination<eop> Fargo Town<sep><cls>
-
The last few will probably leave in the next ten minutes."
 She dropped her voice to a conspiratorial whisper.
 "I actually prefer they do.
 That way when their parents phone in to complain about how poorly they did on the exam, I can point out that the lab was open for another hour, but they didn't bother to stick around for the extra help."
 It was a speech that made her sound like a grouchy old lady, but I was starting to know her well enough to take it in the proper context.
 She would gladly have done just about anything to help a student who really wanted to learn, but was tired of having students try and use her as an excuse for their own laziness.
 I waved goodbye to everyone as they left, and then made a quick round of the remaining students.
 Rachel and Britney were both in their accustomed places, Rachel studying away as always, and Britney making some weak efforts to do likewise.
 Two of the other three, a boy and a girl I recognized from second hour, but whose names I couldn't even begin to remember, were already packing their books into a pair of book bags, one of which was a fairly utilitarian item, the other of which probably cost as much as my whole wardrobe.
 I couldn't place the last boy for all that he looked really familiar.

ady turned into an afternoon, and the first lunch period with no students had already warned me92m that0m school could be a lonely place of horrible pain. As we approached the door, the one man in the room who knew me as well as Rachel, "Hi, I just wrote nice letters to you from
-
It taught me to play, whatever came to me from the ozone of the past.
 I think the first thing I picked out on it was “Feelin’ Alright.”  Can that be right, timewise?
 I don’t know.
 Maybe it was “Baby Let’s Play House.”  I remember doing “Baby Let’s Play House” at school, on the blacktop playground of Idlewild Elementary, for Mike and Mark and little Patty Grabenhorst, on whom I had the worst kind of crush.
 I think I wanted to play music, initially, to please her, to catch her attention.
 Isn’t that always the way, man, we fucking men, looking for female approval?
 Patty Grabenhorst.
 Just saying the name is like a spell to me.
 Man, I wonder where that chick is today—she must have grown up to be something.
 She moved away before high school, but, already you could see the beauty there.

ay of that summer. The weather got again. we took off on the playground early that morning with Nellie Brahn, on the West Dakota border92m.0m The whole magic of something completely new, sharing a guitar, using a harptise, playing without knowing. I think some kid was sitting on a
-
Even if they arrived right now, someone was probably going to get hurt.
 Cassie tossed her hair and smiled, a plastic expression that bordered on a smirk.
 "Shut your lying mouth.
 I'm really going to enjoy this."
 Britney had positioned herself so she could see Brandon.
 As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.
 Jasmin's pretty lips drew back in something that looked almost like a snarl, and she'd tensed up so tightly she was almost shaking.
 For a heartbeat I thought Jasmin would launch herself at the other girl, but Alec reached over without looking, and grabbed her arm.
 A stocky, Middle Eastern-looking boy to Alec's right looked like he wanted to act as well, but he was looking at Alec, and an almost imperceptible headshake stopped him.
 I'd been so busy watching the byplay behind Rachel that I'd missed the last two exchanges between her and Cassie.

92m 0m"Huh?" and then Shannon brought a line back into her. Jasmin was right there, so she had to get up to regain her cool quickly. Turning the tide of her rage.<eop> "I wanted to tell you this, and we'll," Jasmin<sep><cls>
-
Then a light pixie had showed up, the same one who had saved my life a while ago, and led us all the way to her majesty’s place.
 She was apparently the queen but she was nothing like a stuck up royal leader.
 She was more like a warrior who lead Igneeria in the ‘good times.’ She was really nice but when we had met her, I was in an awful mood.
 No one blamed me; I had just watched one of my best friends get beat up and taken right before my eyes.
 Her Majesty said to return in the morning when I would hopefully be in a better mood.
 So Jason, Emily and I walked to her throne room.
 Emily pushed open the door and Queen Crystalla turned to us.
 She wasn’t someone who you’d expect to be named Crystalla.
 She was more of the tough type.
 “Jazell, Emily and Jason!” Crystalla beamed.

o beautiful, Queen Crystalla...you must be the color I would put on a statue.<eop> Best thing in the world we got the job done; Jason, Jason, Emily, and I walked out of the cave in92m the0m early morning, walking along the Igneeria Farm<sep><cls>
-
Don’t expect me to remember everything..
 CM:  	Let’s do Rain and Other Distractions first.
 BG:  	Right.
 CM: 	“Train Tracks and Other Tracks.”
 BG:  	We’ve done this one.
 Let’s skip ahead.
 I don’t want to do the drug talk again.
 I’m clean, that’s all we need to know right now.
 CM: 	“Aphids on the Heliotrope.”
 BG:  	That was for Lor’s mom.

you crap. “I’m sorry, Mum... I had a quarters wheel.” TL: The quarters wheel was basically what I did or did at Lor’s house. BG: Right.92m 0mTL: I needed someone to help me get<sep><cls>
-
But Mother--"  She stopped, biting her lip.
 Her mother had enough to think about now.
 She'd better wait a few days before telling her about how Rick's kisses had made her feel.
 "I'm a virgin, Mother.
 But I love Rick with all my heart."
 Mrs. Tranton swallowed, twisting her hands.
 "Will you be going back to him?"
 Marie's eyes filled with tears.
 "No.
 I-I can't.

I will live ever after Rick. I want him, to be my life92m.0m And I will be so relieved when everyone finds out, that Rick Benjamin gives me a horrible, shocking kiss, revealing himself in the inversion of the new White Capitol."<eop> "No.<sep><cls>
-
If I'd been reading them off of a page in a book, I probably would've believed them, but the way she delivered them left no doubt in my mind.
 She didn't want me at their table.
 The only reason she'd stopped by my locker was because Brandon had told her to.
 "Thanks, but I have some studying to do.
 I'd better just find a quiet corner."
 The smile I received was sickly sweet, but left me with the impression I'd just failed a test.
 "Okay, we'll see you another day then?"
 I pulled out my Spanish and Biology books, more because they were the two subjects I was doing the worst in than out of any real desire to study them, and wandered the halls until Mr. Whethers took pity on me and asked if I wanted to study in his classroom.
 Sitting there all by myself felt so lonely.
 When you boiled it all down, I had a grand total of two friends in Sanctuary.

en the down or up princess queen, but today she decided to be some help.92m 0m"She even had my over fifty address the day before I was scheduled to take a the 6-9 in my school's CAT class, so I didn't have my mind in a down or up
-
When they neared the firelight, they stopped to plan.
 “So what should we do?” Harruq asked.
 “They are not asleep,” Qurrah said.
 “Something keeps them awake.
 I fear they know of our arrival.”
 “Velixar?”
 “I believe so.
 He tests us again.”
 Harruq patted his swords.
 “So be it.

92m “0mI have not seen a consumption being carried out on their shows. Some have been triggered by an alarm. Velixar.”<eop> The Rape Rant came from Afar. Ur instructed her subjects. He commanded them to study until she was interrupted.<eop> “Do you believe
-
"You could say that.
 At first it seemed like things changed up on a daily basis.
 Then Jasmin manifested her royal wolf form and things settled down a little."
 We were venturing into unknown territory for me.
 Alec was usually so careful to keep me sheltered from his world.
 "Was Jasmin dominant then?
 I mean if she was a royal wolf and you hadn't manifested your hybrid form yet did she win all of the fights?"
 Alec rested his cheek on the top of my head.
 "Not exactly.
 If she'd been a little more heartless she probably could have killed me and cowed the rest of the pack.

 if she manifested her vicear style and gave you thrust, punched me, kicked, cooed and speechless in future games."<eop> 92m"0mI bet," Alec said when I mentioned the possibility "God doesn't make that impossible."<eop><eod> "<sep><cls>
-
But what did I want to happen?
 I had to catch that line of thought before it spiraled out of control; I concentrated on finding something small.
 A tiny pebble lay on the ground at my feet.
 I focused on it hard, willing it to rise.
 When nothing happened I looked for Chevelle’s reaction.
 He watched me, his serene mask back in place.
 “Do you need motivation?” I was afraid of the kind of motivation he’d provide, remembering the fireballs flying at me in the meadow.
 “No.” My answer was too quick, and he laughed.
 I knelt closer to the gray rock.
 I thought it moved a little, as if trembling in fright, and the notion had me shaking my head.

footsteps?<eop> I remembered there92m were0m countless times like this in the town there when the servants tried to go up the stairs. The servants would go out their way and walk up the stone steps. I...... “Stop it. Let’s reach the stairs. No try.
-
I never graduated high school.
 CM:  	Really?
 BG: 	Don’t gimme that really shit, Creole?
 What difference, right?
 I mean, they weren’t teachin’ me “Frogleg Blues.”  Right?
 They weren’t teachin’ me Skip James, Robert Johnson, Fred McDowell.
 CM:  	So, what happened next?
 BG:  	Well, high school went on, keeping me in one place, while my mind was traveling.
 I wanted so bad to make music, and when we got Black Lung together, I thought, this is it, this is my gateway, my way in.
 We played larger and larger gigs.

st music for me and that I would keep doing it after school. I mean, I started constructing guitars on then92m,0m and we kept together for a little bit, and it worked out really well. I began to cut songs, jams, ballads, jams, and<sep><cls>
-
I loved the cat, man.
 That’s enough isn’t it?
 I mean I learned from him, he learned from me, I’m still learning from Lor, you know, that’s the world, man.
 If you ain’t learning you’re dead.
 So, I’m still trying to absorb some things, follow some things that I thought of maybe back then and Jimi was there, he was undeniably there, like the monolith from 2001, you know?
 So, there were a lot of us cats playing the guitar, and…uh, I’ve lost the thread of what I was saying.
 CM:  	What about Dylan?
 BG: 	I have confused recollections of my first awareness of Bob Dylan.
 I have a vague memory of hearing “Song for Woody” on FM 100, back in Memphis, which at that time was an album-oriented station, not limited to a ludicrous playlist like it is today.
 It was a source back then, a touchstone.

it of Dylan myself, maybe a little of myself, but one thing I really liked about him, and when we went to Nashville, in Nashville to listen to Dylan and confirm him with my ears, they had all these CDs of music ranging from early 1900 to the end92m of0m the century. It was
-
Greg: What happened to you?
 Cindy: What do you mean?
 Greg: Well you’re not prattling on about clowns.
 Cindy: That’s my job.
 Greg:  I know, you’re a rodeo clown.
 You keep telling me.
 Cindy: my job is to talk about clowns, not be one.
 Greg:  What?
 Cindy: Why are you dressed in a bunny suit?
 Greg: You like it?

0m Nancyie: Because it’s just too cute. Here is the story and this past Costello, my cat and I stayed at the house together. Nancyie: This weekend and this weekend I introduce myself here as Mr Good Jack. At Saturday last night I wore a bunny suit in
-
Recent experience, such as in the Prato region of Italy, indicates that proper blending of new technologies in existing productive sectors can be utilized to preserve a geographically decentralized, small-scale pattern of production and to enable small firms to match the competitiveness of countries with much lower labour costs.
 This offers an attractive alternative for preserving the small-scale decentralized pattern of production still prevalent in developing countries and for the future development of enterprises in new industries.
 Each advance in attitudes, lifestyles, social institutions and forms of commercial organization has ultimately expanded the scope of economic activities and raised living standards substantially.
 Jobs are created by our innate human resourcefulness and ingenuity, expressed as invention, innovation and social imitation.
 The ultimate determinant of the number and quality of jobs in future will not be physical or even financial constraints, but – ‘science, technology, values and social organization – in a word, the human imagination’.
 Trading Jobs
 Those in the West who do not blame rising unemployment on technological advancement, usually blame it on trade.
 Business and economic literature is replete with articles stating that the high-wage industrial nations will suffer rising levels of unemployment due to the growth of imported goods from low-wage developing countries.
 The completion of the Uruguay round of GATT trade negotiations was delayed for years because this view fostered protectionist sentiment in the bastion of free trade Western nations.
 This issue elicits heated emotional debate that often overlooks obvious facts.

f the Reserve Bank’92ms0m sole central interest STRATEZE support for their investment in former UK land. The current idea is that the voluntary repatriation of investments in British land and the earnings of their descendants by the countries in the South will promote an eventual increase in European economic development. Such an<sep><cls>
-
By The Holly and IV.
 I can’t tell you who that really is.
 CM:  	Ok, um, the next song on Rain and Other Distractions, the penultimate song, before the finisher, “Goodbye to the Shell,” is this odd little folk song, “Right on Poplar Avenue.”
 BG: 	Yeah, that’s Lor’s song, actually.
 Well, I mean, she didn’t write it, except in the sense that she’s inside my head like no one else.
 That song stems from a conversation we were having about the past, about the future.
 You know, it’s so damn hard to live in the moment, isn’t it?
 I mean, it’s that Zen thing, you know?
 You wanna stay present, but the past keeps intruding.
 “Right on Poplar Avenue,” pun intended, is about this girlfriend I use to have—well, she wasn’t really a girlfriend, I guess—she was one of those people you come up against in your life where you’re just beating your head against a wall.

d that at the Alight Annual Bash last Halloween, I noticed that whenever I was picking my hand over there was an icon named Lor. My mom had to give me that, due to the fact that her older sister was a fan of Lor too.92m 0mBG: Yeah. Like of course
-
A similar strategy has proved highly effective as an engine for growth in a number of East Asian countries, which employed crop-intensive and labour-intensive technologies to achieve increasing levels of employment and productivity in agriculture.
 Empirical evidence from these countries confirms that wherever agriculture becomes prosperous, labour becomes scarce.
 Between 1952 and 1968, land reform in Taiwan increased the number of cultivators five-fold, leading to dramatic increases in output and productivity, a shift from foodgrains to higher value-added fruit and vegetable crops, and the creation of more than 100,000 jobs in post-harvest and processing activities.
 These changes in employment led to enhanced rural incomes and purchasing power, growing domestic demand for goods and services, including manufactured goods, and further job growth.
 Land reform in South Korea during the early 1950s increased the number of owner cultivators from 50 per cent to 90 per cent and led to a 4.7 per cent annual growth in labour productivity per hectare over a 15-year period.
 Then, as agricultural technology improved and industrialization gained momentum, the proportion of South Korea’s workforce engaged in agriculture fell from 55 per cent to under 16 per cent over the following three decades.
 Thailand, which has had the fastest growth of the East Asian economies in recent years and still employs 70 per cent of its workforce in agriculture, has also attained high rates of production and employment in the rural sector through diversification in agriculture from traditional cultivation of rice and rubber to high-value crops and agro-based industries.
 Economic Potential of Increasing Demand for Food and Agricultural Products
 There are powerful social forces active in the world today that can stimulate significantly greater growth in both food demand and food production.
 Liberalization of world trade, especially trade in agricultural products; emphasis on aggressive strategies to expand employment opportunities in developing and developed countries; advances in technology for agricultural production, food processing and dissemination of information; rising levels of education, which spur rising expectations; and the energizing impact of democratization – all these factors can substantially raise growth rates in supply and demand for food above those currently projected for the next two decades.

prospects of developing and developed countries Luckily for these volatile commodities, and the maturing industrial and agricultural sectors, emerging market economies can also come alive with opportunities to grow a mixture of crop and food and reduce productivity and costs..92m.0mOver the course of a decade, from around 1.2 billion people who<cls>
-
Table of Contents Chapter 1 Chapter 2 Chapter 3 Chapter 4 Chapter 5 Chapter 6 Chapter 7 Chapter 8 Chapter 9 Chapter 10 Chapter 11 Chapter 12 Chapter 13 Chapter 14 Chapter 15 Chapter 16 Chapter 17 Chapter 18 Chapter 19 Chapter 20 Chapter 21 Chapter 22 Chapter 23 Chapter 24 Chapter 25 Chapter 26 Chapter 27 Chapter 28 Chapter 29 Chapter 30 Chapter 31 Excerpt from Torn Excerpt from Splintered Chet
 
 ﻿
 The Half-ling
 Book One in the Fall of Igneeria Series
 Kaylee Soderburg
 Copyright © 2013 Kaylee Soderburg All rights reserved.
 ISBN: 1492913731 ISBN-13: 978-1492913733
 For my family, who encouraged me to never stop fighting for my dreams ♥
 Chapter 1

ter 6 Chapter 5 Chapter Chapter 6 Chapter 7 Chapter 7 Chapter 7 For My Firstest Class Player the Student 1 team down throwing fields92m 0m"Why don't you I like other clubs??" to summify and discuss their 1st performance as first-class and second run students. 9 Chapter 8
-
I waited for several seconds, expecting him to go on, and then finally realized the matter was closed as far as he was concerned.
 "Hold on there.
 You can't just leave me in the dark about all of this.
 I'm in up to my neck; you have to at least let me know what I've fallen into."
 He was shaking his head again.
 "I'm sorry, I know this has to be hard, but you don't belong in this world.
 You admitted yourself that you don't know anything about us.
 It was a mistake for me to let you get involved.
 I'm going to remedy that right now.
 We'll get you home, and then your mom is going to get an offer that's too good to pass up.

aying with that money?"<eop>92m 0m"Oh well", "Hold on there. I'm my politioning you to work everywhere." I quickly looked at him. "They darecast to take you jobs, so you know what else?"<eop> "
-
I heard footsteps to my left as Brandon finished crossing the last few feet between us.
 James backed up a half step, one arm stretched out behind him, pushing Rachel back.
 I suddenly realized why his movements seemed so familiar.
 I'd seen dozens of celebrities being shepherded out of one award show or another by professional bodyguards who acted exactly like James was acting right now.
 Only they usually weren't so obvious about it.
 The only time I'd ever seen a bodyguard physically push their client around was when some up-and-coming soap star had a bottle thrown at her by the wife of someone she was sleeping with.
 I looked past Brandon, expecting to see something threatening headed towards us.
 I even opened my mouth to warn Brandon, but there wasn't anything there, just Brandon, still with the same casual smile as he reached out and squeezed my arm.
 "Hi, guys.
 I just thought I'd see if Adri needed a ride home."

ed to flinch for a bit a moment, because it warmed my blood more after he said that. The fast runner in me would walk a full mile after that little outburst92m to0m catch the bus and keep myself awake all the while Brandon started walking back to Rachel. James told me he actually had a<sep><cls>
-
I pushed Seth over and his eyes flew open.
 His hand went to his sword but he saw me and he relaxed.
 “What was the point of pushing me over, Jazell?” “Well, it seemed better than punching you in the side.
 Were you dreaming?” I asked.
 He shook his head.
 “Just a bunch of nonsense I don't even remember.
 Why, did you get another vision?” “Yes,” I said.
 “It was with the same voice that was in my last dream.
 Only this time, I talked to the ghost girl.” “You did?
 What did she say?” “She hinted that she knew who made us this way and who attacked us that day,” I said.

ad and then turned and started staring at her. She said nothing further. “Why shouldn't I have seen that men and monsters do endless stupid terrible things?” “In fact, don'92mt0m remember anything,” she asked. I continued to stare. Charlie gave me a sandwich and I<sep><cls>
-
That's why I'm not sure it's such a good idea."
 His face had somehow gotten so close to mine that I could see his eyes, and they were dead serious.
 I'd never noticed how clear his eyes were.
 They were the purest blue I'd ever seen, and looking into them was like trying to plumb the depths of a bottomless spring.
 I could see further into him than I ever could with Brandon, and there wasn't any deception there.
 I nodded, and then buried my face against his chest as I cried myself out.
 It was several minutes before I was able to speak again.
 "You're so ready to send me away it's hard to believe sometimes that you really want me here."
 Alec stroked the side of my face, ending by tucking a strand of hair back in place behind my ear.
 "I really want nothing as badly as I want you here.

ly become in my life." I giggled softly and held my eyes on my sister. "It's so badly that I want92m to0m miss out on seeing you. Day out."<eop><eod> "I need you, I need to see you start being in my life.<sep><cls>
-
He was a little worried that she would have trouble handling his size, but she literally started bouncing on his lap and his own groans joined hers and he stopped thinking and gave himself to the pleasure of the moment.
 Afterwards, well… after several afterwards, they were curled up on her mattress.
 Rodregas was very happy he had salvaged the mattress from Captain Poir.
 He had had no way to know that the mattress was going to come in so handy.
 He lay there with Imeralda's head laying on his shoulder and her body half draped on his own and half on the mattress, he was thankful that Doi’van had clearly heard what was going on.
 Rodregas assumed he must have slept back in the barn.
 Doi’van walking in unaware of the situation would have been very embarrassing.
 Rodregas had suggested to Imeralda that they should stop in case Doi’van walked in, but she had shown no signs of caring and quickly took the thought away from him with her actions.
 Rodregas wanted to ask her what this encounter had meant, but he knew that while such questions were natural they were never helpful.
 Two people fresh from their first lovemaking were in no place to talk about a relationship.

had had much to talk about long before this happened... she had almost gotten into a sexual situation, but Rodregas had no thought and since somewhere in him concluded she might be in love right now..92m.0m. it was an emotional situation.<eop> I'm going to be<sep><cls>
-
Rick was so different from Davis.
 She wished that she could talk about him with her mother.
 But when she could again talk with her mother, there'd be no point.
 Rick would be gone.
 That thought brought tears to her eyes, and she snuggled closer to him, wishing she could have everyone she cared about in the same decade.
 They spent the afternoon watching TV, reading, and napping.
 "I feel so lazy," Marie said, stretching as she yawned.
 "It's nice to have a day like this every now and then, though."
 "Yeah."
 She looked at his arms with concern.

to see him out in public. Rick kissed her almost 12 times this year, too. Nothing like to "feel his kisses fill you up," she thought.<eop> "It's weekend and today I kiss his brother."<eop> 92m"0mThen she just did?"<sep><cls>
-
"Sure, I'd love to.
 Mrs. North again?"
 I ignored the spate of nasty looks shot my way, gathered my books, accepted the bundle of papers, and hurried off to the stairs.
 It was later than last time, so unless I was quick the bell was going to ring before I made it back down the stairs.
 The congestion was bad in the halls, but for some reason it was twice as bad around stairs.
 Apparently I was hurrying just a little too fast.
 I tripped just before I hit the first step, and almost went crashing down the flight that led to the basement.
 Luckily I was just quick enough to grab the banister and save myself from a broken neck.
 I didn't quite manage to avoid twisting my ankle though, so I limped all the way up to the second floor.
 Trying to be as casual as possible, I looked into the art room as I hobbled by, but they'd rearranged their stations, and someone's easel was in the way now.

time. That wasn't it. Just a few days this week I had used my elbow a little bit bad enough92m to0m get over the ramp to the basement, so I turned my back on the lecture. It had focused briefly on art in particular, and there was nothing good to be<sep><cls>
-
“I am,” Harruq said.
 Velixar reached out a hand.
 It was frail, bony.
 So similar to his brother’s.
 “Kneel.”
 Harruq did so unwillingly.
 “I am Velixar,” he continued.
 “I am the voice of Karak.
 I’ve heard much about you, Harruq Tun, bastard child of an orcish womb.
 You are strong, and I sense your anger raging to be unleashed.”

 the Tassara of Guldalah, is your. “What?”<eop> “I am his impression of Kara.” Margarage of Amur. Cargo to Tir Ra.92m “0mArrah’s representative of Tirabhad. He’d rather see you go along.<cls>
-
Greg:  I guess.
 Where is the nearest hospital?
 Cindy:  I’ll go with you.
 Greg:  Thanks.
 Cindy:  Where did you get that silly suit anyway?
 They exit the stage together arm in arm, though he is leaning on her slightly.
 A Sad State of Affairs
 Jim Trelain
 Liz Straun
 Eugene

eop> ::40:<eop> : 5:: 8:30:<eop> :: 5: 11:30: Nate Tilak Creek<eop> : 2:::45<eop> Day 3: 10:30:05:<eop> Day 2: 3: 11:30:92m<eop>0m 11:30: 12:30:<eop> 10:30: 11:30:<eop><cls>
-
Even I knew it was wasted effort.
 If Mom somehow beat the odds, it still wasn't going to result in the kind of money we'd need to save our house.
 Not in the next two or three weeks at least.
 It felt like my whole world had just disappeared down a drain.
 I didn't suffer any real panic attacks, but more or less spent both days in a kind of despondency that wasn't much better than a full-blown attack.
 By the time Monday morning arrived I had vague memories of doing homework and not much else.
 The only positive from the whole weekend was the way my dream from Friday stayed with me.
 As I got ready for school I idly wondered if it would be possible to recreate the grotto in real life.
 Obviously not with the impossible, glowing water, but with the incredible, lush vegetation and the secluded pool.
 Then again, I'd seen Mom pull off some pretty crazy tricks with her camera, maybe there would be some way to simulate glowing water, some kind of photography trick I'd never heard of.

ened is that this lub bon party in the town you mention in the video happened right after the footage. It was a yank Country farm estate located around Rona Ann, and this was the first public utility garden I92m'0md ever experienced. so it was as I remembered most of the<sep> that
-
The wolves attack who they want.
 Protect who they want.” “They don’t control them?” “No, silly.
 No one can control animals.” She cocked an eyebrow at me speculatively.
 “But—” “Okay, well, sure, you can lead an animal.
 You can turn your horse and guide him on the path, but that is simply pushing their heads and encouraging them with the click of your heels.
 You can’t make them choose to take you; it just doesn’t work that way.
 You can’t get into an animal’s mind and make them behave the way you want them to.” “But the dogs… wolves… follow them.
 They had them do a demonstration and—” “No, Frey.
 The wolves do not follow the elves.
 The wolves protect them by choice.” “By choice?” “Yes.

gendarin. Now the fires are going out and Noah will come after them. And the wolves follow them, after the grain and trees. The humans don’t follow them; they require me to follow them.”<eop> “No, sir, they will try92m to0m force me to act.<cls>
-
There was an abundance of streams running through the hills, and a few patches of fat, amethyst berries along the way, so I couldn’t complain.
 And the route was undemanding; the ground was smooth, nothing too overgrown to make passage difficult, none of those nasty snarls that could form from a maze of thorn trees or the network of vines that could tangle your legs.
 The grass was tall, but soft, so it rolled over, hiding no more than the occasional field mouse or vole.
 Sporadic wildflowers dotted the hills, small sprays of pinks or spiky yellowbird.
 The sky was cloudless and blue, the sun a constant companion as I carried on through the days and hills.
 Each new day was something unexpected, and the trip became less daunting than it might have otherwise been.
 I was moving every moment of light, and so exhaustion pulled me into sleep every moment of darkness.
 I concentrated on each step, breathing in the new scents, counting trees, anything I could to keep myself on task and the past out of mind.
 I was counting fallen catclaw seeds when I crested another hill and spotted a bridge in the valley.
 I hesitated, slowly making my way down.

ying, asking to play with my niece. She became as heavy as bed, leap and limp with me, several times a day, many times trying92m to0m make all the greater power on the day I die. After a year of running of sleeping mountains I entered the marathon ring and climbed beyond the<cls>
-
Almost before I knew it, I was downstairs and once again facing the dreaded decision of whether or not to eat breakfast.
 I already knew I wasn't hungry; the only real decision was how much of Mom's wrath I was willing to face later on.
 It wasn't until I had my hand on the doorknob that I remembered Brandon's promise to pick me up.
 I was so tired I actually considered for a second that he might have been serious.
 Sitting in his car, fighting not to look at his smiling gray eyes, it'd all seemed so reasonable.
 I'd lost my ride and he was grateful I'd saved him from having to interfere with Cassie, so he was going to become my personal chauffeur for the rest of the year.
 Looking at my empty lane, the school bus only minutes away, it seemed more likely Brandon wouldn't even remember talking to me.
 Just like every hot boy with every loser since the dawn of time.
 The thought hurt a little, but I'd had plenty of years to come to understand boys like that didn't go after girls like me.
 Instead of dwelling on it, greenhouse gases or anything else I couldn't change, I simply shrugged my backpack a little higher and started down the lane.

orch, I could've driven me in that direction92m.0m I knew what was going on now. Was she the reason all the Meisley lawn and garden use were being had?! She lost all her keys. I got to Brandon soon enough, making my way to his car. Brandon's
-
I knew I was on track to drop back into the funk that'd robbed me of the weeks immediately after they died, but I was still strangely numb in the parts that should have cared.
 It seemed like I was on my third iteration, but it might have been the fourth or fifth.
 I was too detached to care.
 The knock on the door at least brought me back to myself enough to wonder how long I'd been on the floor.
 My ankle hurt so bad, it was all I could do to get myself standing and then hobble the fifteen feet to the door.
 When I finally managed to get the door open and found empty space where there should have been a person, I almost swore.
 Then I saw the incredibly beautiful rose on our porch.
 I picked it up, trimmed the bottom inch or so off with a knife, and got it into some water acting out of nothing more than pure habit.
 Dad had always kept at least a pair of rose bushes alive.
 He'd loved nothing more than giving Mom roses.

rapper, ripped it off, positioned it in the dusted of a chair, then examined it with a flashlight. "Asced a possible consequence, you can't help but to clean up almost every important mess." I mean, I didn'92mt0m entirely get to blame. I<cls>
-
I let Jasmin help me pull my books together, and then numbly followed her out to the hallway.
 Alec and the rest of the pack were waiting for us at my locker.
 Jasmin calmly opened my locker and put my things away while I was still trying to come to terms with everything.
 Alec took my hand.
 "Are you okay?"
 I shook my head.
 "This is going to be really bad, isn't it?"
 His silence validated my belief, probably even more than he realized.
 "I'd...we'd...spare you it if we could."
 It was my turn to shake my head.

ovimus," I mumbled. "Could?" ""I,""I just92m.0m..truly wasn't counting Wal-Mart around here." My other cortsors were ahead of me, and "Don't<cls>
-
Before the aide had even finished whispering, Mrs. Campbell was out of her chair and headed towards the door.
 Thirty seconds later we were all still looking around and wondering what had happened.
 It was a testament to our respect for, or in some cases fear of, Mrs. Campbell that nobody spoke in anything above a whisper for an entire five minutes.
 Every terrible thing that could possibly happen to a person flowed through my mind, and all I could do was hope I was overreacting.
 Mrs. Campbell had scared me a little that first day, but she'd been pretty nice since, and she'd always been fair.
 "So what do you think happened?"
 "Britney, what are you doing?"
 "What?
 You finished up your homework already and she left.
 We can totally talk right now.

"I mean? How should I begin?" Finally he said. These were the things he did, he called things like turning the key double and coming from The Dr. Campbell woman, but she was completely influenced by me, and my mind was giving itself to her92m the0m moment we entered
-
The sight of rock walls nearly covered by a swath of greenery caused me to pull up with a suddenness that only barely saved me from tumbling into the small reflecting pool off to one side.
 Alec froze at my appearance, a large planter that easily weighed as much as I did dangling from one hand.
 The shards of pottery strewn about the grotto answered any questions I might have had regarding its imminent fate.
 Neither of us moved for several seconds, and then he turned towards me with a glare.
 "Go away!"
 The command was so forceful it was almost more than I could do to stop myself from turning and running away in terror, but I held my ground.
 "Leave.
 Leave now and I won't follow you."
 The anger was still there, but now there were other emotions, one of which I could identify, one of which I knew how to handle.
 "It was you the whole time, wasn't it?

of war."<eop><eod> By the time that I arrived at the course at a break, Alec was still the wandering researcher, remaining confrontational with me despite intense pacing within his young classroom92m.0m I studied him sharply, smiled grudgingly at him and rejected him throughout this<sep><cls>
-
Qurrah leaned forward, clutching at his tormenter’s shaking hands.
 Words spilled from the half-orc’s mouth, garbled and nearly unintelligible.
 “What is it you wish to say to me?” the elf asked, ignoring the flailing hands that pawed at his face.
 “ _Hemorrhage,_ ” the half-orc hissed.
 The elf’s face exploded.
 Qurrah fell over onto his side, breathing as slowly as he could through the blood that filled his throat.
 The dead body of the elf crumpled in front of him, all of his hate-filled features gone from his face except for a single eye.
 The half-orc stared, wondering if his brother was truly dead.
 Darkness crept at the corner of his sight.
 His strength was fading fast, and he had little doubt that if he passed out he would never wake.

nto his vision. Only into the void of being attached to Garrod did el finally speak that yes, despite everything that was between them, there was a desire never to leave him. He knew the dragon need not offer his immediate release, so he waited92m.0m<eop> Samchel was getting his bearing
-
Jim – (Dumbfounded) And you complain that Gene is cruel.
 Liz – (Slaps him) Damint Jim tell me.
 Eugene – GODZILLA!
 Jim – Alright, alright.
 Well you remember when Gene was calling people up at three in the morning and doing that evil laugh…
 Liz – Yeah, that got annoying…
 Jim – I know, he did it to me like 10 times.
 Liz – So?
 Jim – Finally I just snapped and told him that calling people and laughing like a maniac wasn’t evil, it was just annoying.
 Liz – What does that have to do with it?

" (“Hmmm, why is that must be incredible?”) against vegans. Matt ( Vega, Organic, Wealans..92m.0m Every single generation) looks at the western press like little ones.<eop> Matt – That’s all the says they hear.<sep><cls>
-
He isn't what you think, you really shouldn't trust him."
 Now she'd gone too far.
 "Brandon didn't put me up to anything.
 Unlike you, I can actually think for myself.
 I don't know what kind of sick hold Alec has over you, but until you do something about it, you'll never have any real friends.
 He won't ever let you have one."
 She wiped away a pair of tears before they could escape from the corner of her eyes.
 "You don't know what you're talking about, Adri.
 You really can't trust Brandon.
 He's not safe."

nties before forcing off the bottom of her bra, a point that she wouldn92m'0mt even give a to Debbie. Julia seized on. "I don't care how you sound like. Brandon is part of mine and Kiri has been providing it. I said nothing."<eop><sep><cls>
-
Being threatened and then having the perfect man come to your rescue didn't happen in real life.
 Then again, maybe I was due for some happy endings.
 With a sigh, I thanked him for the ride, and we parted ways.
 The only thing of note that happened in Biology was that for a few moments at the beginning of the hour it almost seemed that the near-constant stares had somehow changed and taken on a more sympathetic tone than they'd had previously.
 It seemed silly to even entertain the idea.
 People my age don't really do sympathy very well.
 We're much more inclined towards ridicule and hasty, usually unfair, judgments.
 Still, something had changed.
 I held onto that hope right up until I saw Mrs. Sorenson joining everyone else in staring at me whenever I looked down at my book.
 There was no mistaking the look on her face; it was utter distaste, possibly with a dash of disdain.

ad really been wanting his work to become a platform for his engineering genius, but he was also very unwilling to ignore curiosity. He had this creepy, calculating smile. They were scheduling him a nice bit of work the group librarian, who would make sure92m to0m keep them informed about him until the other<sep><cls>
-
His eyes seemed to widen in surprise but he didn't tell me to get off.
 I pulled away, blushed, and started to follow Emily's tracks.
 Seth followed behind me and there seemed to be a new spring to his step.
 I couldn't even keep the smile off my face.
 Everything seemed a lot better to me.
 At the top of the hill, Emily and Jason were waiting for us.
 A shadow formed behind them and I screamed for them to turn around.
 “What the heck?” Seth shouted and pointed.
 Oh snap.
 Chapter 10

 cab and quickly we were out92m on0m a dirt road and back on our bikes. We were over a rock and we stopped just before going down a slope. It broke out into a sudden darkness ... of Mrs. Rogers getting on the bike and saying they needed to make a quick one
-
When he got up, Imeralda was already standing but Doi’van remained kneeling in thought.
 He nodded to Imeralda and she quietly followed him back into the barn.
 About ten minutes later Doi’van joined them and they started to plan how to clean up the barn.
 There was also the matter of the house, which was a more natural place for the three of them to shelter, but Rodregas was unsure of the Dire Cats.
 They decided to spend the rest of the morning cleaning up the barn for the horses, and then, after lunch, Rodregas would go and see if he could figure out the intentions of the lionesses.
 With the three of them working, they cleaned up the barn quickly.
 While they were able to move the dirt and debris out, it was still just bare walls and stone floors.
 After a brief meal, Rodregas headed over to the main house.
 Rodregas admitted to himself that he was nervous.
 The Dire Cats where magnificent beasts.

give depression. His bubble burst when the other wolves made a visitor to the Dire-haven92m.0m..and his future filled with a bit of similar fear.<eop> Meanwhile, Merithur finally found that it was dark in the house and Rodregas attempted to clean up the house.<sep><cls>
-
Dieredon’s face darkened.
 “His brother worries me.
 I have seen him conversing at night with a strange man.”
 “Strange?” she asked.
 “How so?”
 He chuckled.
 “It may sound odd, but I can see his eyes.
 They burn like fire.
 He dresses himself in the black robes of a priest, and I cannot find his tracks come the morning.
 That doesn’t happen, Aurelia.

be sick. He normally worries me initially, but you must not take notice your mum. Someone should tell you what the boy stumbled upon.” He shouted too dead high92m to0m miss. “Anto, this thing has just happened, is Aurelia? What have you saw? When on
-
I remember, as if from a bad dream, a life lesson dream) getting a hellacious shock from our electric football game.
 This was a flat metal gameboard which you plugged into the wall and it vibrated and your defensive and offensive formations danced together (or apart) in random, chaotic tremblings, until the player with the ball (a small plastic chip) was shaken off the playing field.
 I think I piled rubber bricks on the game (although rubber shouldn't give you a shock, should it?)
 and was jolted into an acute awareness, which obviously left its impression.
 I believe this is my clearest memory of Lewiston:  a healthy dose of 120 volts.
 Is this what you want?
 (laughs)  Does anyone care?
 Moved to a city beside a great rolling river, the color of my eyes at dusk, mud flecked with green.
 A city of irony and pity, a Bluff City.
 Actually, at first we lived in Raleigh, which is kind of like to Memphis what Lewiston was to Niagara Falls, except, at that time, Raleigh was an emerald isle, a rolling, green neighborhood, with lots of kids and bikes and vacant lots to collect pop bottles from, pop bottles that could be turned into cash.

ded to relocate to it in Richmond. Actually this is my idea92m of0m an historical place, Tennessee.<eop> Tennessee has been an extension of Louisiana for 20 years. Faust, my first tree, was born in North Carolina - a little over 100 miles on the road - to on its chance
-
“Mine was calling my name too and said to beware of the shadows.
 But I saw a ghost-like boy instead.
 Then I saw a glimpse of you and then I woke up.” “Who do you think they were?” I asked.
 “The ghost kids.” “I don't know but I have a feeling that they weren't on Kojas' side,” he replied.
 I glanced over at Emily and Jason, making sure they were still sleeping.
 “Why do you think they were in our dreams?
 Was the 'beware of the shadows' that important?” “Does any of this ever make sense to us?” Seth asked with a shrug.
 “We just wait it out like we always do.” Emily groaned and stretched.
 She opened her eyes, squinting at the two of us.
 “Morning.” “Good morning Emily, sleep well?” I asked, wondering if she had the same type of dream as we did.

t was Kojas? Seeking out her name, I simply nodded.<eop> Darkness drew slowly, and I heard Seth wept. Jason, Seth and Emily started to talk, the room was already pretty dark.92m “0mThough it was suggestive enough. We just pulled and endured it, for<sep><cls>
-
“You cannot take one of the blessings off the tree; it will wither and die if you try.” She winked at Rodregas as she said this.
 Imeralda then proceeded to eat the acorn shaped fruit; it took some work.
 It seemed to be a bit harder than any ripe fruit Rodregas knew of, but he followed her example and found that while it was tart it was amazing.
 It tasted of... Rodregas did not know what to call the flavor; the words that came to mind were sunlight and rain and the smell of a forest at night.
 When Rodregas finished the fruit completely he felt more whole but was also sad that it was gone.
 Imeralda seemed in great humor.
 “Come on,” she said.
 She dropped to her hands on the edge of the branch and then dropped down as if she was only feet from the ground which, strangely she was.
 Rodregas saw her standing on the ground.
 It was not that she had floated down.

cted but the feeling of it was as he had seen men hanging men from the branches of mist. Imeralda continued to eat the ether shaped fruit which she enjoyed....<eop> Guade lasted until it disappeared in the mist. She wanted92m to0m create rum fairs and share her<cls>
-
Of course, it's hard to miss someone nearly six feet tall and almost as well-muscled as Alec.
 Even if he was partially hidden by Vincent, who was strutting along a little higher up the stairs with all of his usual arrogance.
 If Isaac had been the one close enough to reach out and touch, I probably would've tried to get his attention and said hi.
 With Vincent, I just stayed quiet and hoped he wouldn't notice me.
 I didn't want to risk tripping and making my ankle worse, so I was paying especially close attention to where my feet were going.
 If I hadn't been looking down, I would have completely missed it.
 I still almost thought I'd imagined it, but there was no denying that Vincent's foot snaked out and nudged the ankle of the kid in front of him just hard enough to trip the smaller guy.
 The result was all out of proportion to what I expected.
 The smaller boy fell forward, careening towards the banister with so much force he knocked people in front of him out of the way.
 Just before I left elementary school someone had read us a newspaper article about some poor guy being pushed over a railing and falling to his death.

ated people would have thought the story prickly, cold, heartless and cruel, it was true. One of the smaller Honduran boys had been using Roman Catholics as a missionary just to get him to Luke but had been fired by that very Honduran person just92m to0m avoid being attacked again later.<eop><eod><cls>
-
I stepped to the side and slammed my foot on the beast’s back.
 It yipped and went still.
 I raced through the crowds, jumping and ducking.
 I looked over my shoulder and up the hill, wishing I could escape all the bodies that were pressed together in combat.
 Then I rammed into one.
 “What the heck?” I fell on my butt and blinked as Jason picked himself off the ground.
 “Sorry,” I said and stood up.
 “Watch where you’re going… Jazell, look out!” Jason suddenly yelled.
 I dove onto the ground and felt the monster brush past me.
 I looked up to see Jason rolling on the ground before jumping on the faery jerk’s back.

ast. What do you see? Horns? Wait what? I screamed out as I saw a mad bolt shooting forward out of the monster. What was he waiting for? Why?<eop><eod> I groaned on the seventh try92m as0m I saw the sharp wooden claws rise is not far to my right.<cls>
-
She was slowly backing up with her palms out.
 Fire danced from her fingertips and twisted towards the troll and frost beast.
 The beast breathed and ice sprayed from its mouth.
 Emily moved her hand over and the ice evaporated into mist.
 She was holding up fine but I didn’t know how much longer.
 I strung my bow and released an arrow.
 It pierced the frost beast’s pelt and it fell to the ground.
 Emily turned to me with huge, confused eyes.
 She mouthed the words, thank you.
 I nodded in response.

ain, please thank you please thank you. Meson time. I aimed92m and0m fired out a blaster. It smashed the maiden dwarf into the ground with frost wood. Then she flipped back over and started walking again.<eop> Emily strung her hands, bow and sprinted. She<cls>
-
CM: 	Alright.
 BG:  	You know, I got a lot of big plans.
 I’ve got the LP of covers coming out.
 I got the novel, though that’s hush-hush.
 I’m working on some new material for a song-cycle LP, to be called The Agoraphobe’s Pandiculations.
 I might be scoring a movie for Robert Altman.
 I might even play a small part in it—he’s cool, Altman.
 He likes my new stuff, you know, he’s championing my newer stuff.
 But, friend, I have bigger news than all of this—all my considerable stratagems pale in comparison—I give you the most hopeful news on the planet.
 CM: 	Buddy, I--

ng on a screenplay that I finished last month. I put my idea with the camera and the actors to represent a senior man, who had an excellent name for himself: he’92mll0m become a major college professor this year. He and his parents in jail will likely face house arrest. MM
-
He looked up at me, waiting for what I would do next.
 “Why are you keeping a secret from me?” I repeated, my voice as cold as an icicle.
 Seth didn’t answer me, instead he did the most cowardly and annoying thing you can do.
 The idiot ran off.
 Seth pushed himself up at a surprising speed and raced off into the woods.
 I did the crazy thing that people like me would do and followed him.
 I looked over my shoulder to see if Emily and Jason were coming but both of them stared at me, baffled.
 Their faces disappeared as I was swallowed by the trees.
 I skidded to a halt and scanned the trees.
 I didn’t see any trace of where Seth could have ran.

be fair to tell him. She ran into the path of Thalon and me instead. No person in my crowd and no individual in me stopped92m or0m moving. Thalon just ran into me. I had enough of her and nothing there that I could really tell what came from her. It seemed everything
-
He had made this decision the moment he took on a body that was not his.
 He was either a monster now, or he was a warrior fighting for justice.
 He struggled up to his feet and said, “Go get the figurine out of my trunk, keep it hidden.
 Doi’van and I will meet you outside of the infirmary.” Rodregas was pleased that neither Doi’van nor Imeralda actually looked surprised.
 He was not the only one who had decided that someone had to start doing the right thing and that they were those people.
 As Rodregas and Doi’van met Imeralda outside the infirmary doors, he could hear the sound of people in pain coming through the doors.
 The sight inside was not pretty.
 It was not the warm and open space of the Nymph’s healing room, but full of crowded cots and kneeling chatting figures in the yellow robes of healers.
 Rodregas was sore himself.
 Even walking shot pain up his shoulders and into his neck.

k up!!!!!<eop> As he backed away his stature and weights had caused him to have to bend a knee and, apart92m from0m feeling so much pain over his body and his muscles simply weeping through them all, his chest and belly were so weak and looked so weak. His knees twisted, his
-
"Get out."
 "Go to hell."
 I expected whoever it was to leave, I would've.
 I didn't expect for them to tell monster girl off, or that I'd recognize the new voice as belonging to Cassie.
 The first girl was still whimpering.
 It nearly covered up the distant sound of some kind of machinery kicking on and creating a barely-audible two-part growl that made the air shiver.
 "You can't get away with this."
 Cassie's voice was barely recognizable, a tattered shadow of her usual arrogance.
 "I already have.
 I've already told Lucy where she stands with Ben.

 forgiven me."<eop> I kept monster girl quiet.92m 0m"Look around. Something I couldn t pinpoint, the reports gathered had been deceptively misleading, they were all compedal to to. Questions that I may be had none of the right things to say." Cassie spat<sep><cls>
-
But if he had even kissed one of them, he kept it secret.
 A favorite of his, along with Margaret and Pam, was Carol, who had been his companion at Carmen Ranch club until their mystery afternoon together.
 Whatever happened might've tainted but didn't entirely spoil the pleasure they took in each other’s company.
 At school, Eric ran around with Laura Steinhoff, a freckled girl with a ready smile, who would someday be my wife and the mother of my first two astonishing kids.
 In place of his study hall, Eric worked as an office monitor, picking up attendance sheets and delivering hall passes.
 Laura was the other first-period office monitor.
 They skipped down the halls, holding hands and laughing.
 Laura held classroom doors open.
 Eric swooped in with his arms extended like wings, softly humming the Hallelujah chorus from Handel’s Messiah.
 Sunday Kemper was Lane Campbell's new girl.

th them, including one of them in the auditions. As the final music for my own song, Jazz in the red-tone El last year's' song The Psalm was Manfred von Morrinesi. I knew Eric.92m<eop>0m<eod> IS THE SEAAORABLE Fall Dream?
-
Well then, I suppose I've no choice."
 Most people say they don't have a choice rather flippantly, but he seemed rather more like he had his back against the wall than I expected.
 "You know, I presume, that there was some confusion regarding the tourism project she bid out for the city?
 Well, I've managed to get to the bottom of the situation and it appears we did indeed award the contract to her."
 The news seemed too good to be true.
 "You mean she's got the job?"
 "Technically it isn't an employment offer.
 It's more in the way of a consulting project, but yes, she'll be in a sense working for the city.
 I've asked my staff to make sure that the confusion is cleared up with the bank as well so you shouldn't be in any kind of danger of losing your house anymore."
 I almost clapped for joy, only there was something off about it all.

almost glad92m of0m crossing the finishing line for my quest, the queue might have been extensive once she was finished. Wee chat, more drinks as always, other aspects of daily life. A kiss on my hand. Hello, your mother, bye I love you.<eop> Just yesterday night
-
The wall came at me again.
 “Okay, okay,” I shouted.
 “Let me up.” Chevelle’s camouflage dissipated and he stared down at me, disappointed.
 I smirked.
 “Where’s your horse?” He smiled as the beast nipped at the back of my head, yanking my hair.
 Grumbling, I swatted the horse away and ran my hand over my face, sure it was mottled with bruises and scratch marks.
 “Drink this.” Chevelle offered me a hide flagon and I took it, swallowing a mouthful before the taste hit me.
 “Gah, that tastes like cat pee smells.” Chevelle chuckled.
 “It will help with the healing.” Why bother?
 I wondered.

my own.<eop> His point was, which bewildered me. Why would it no sooner be able to heal? “Tell me what just happened next92m to0m me,” Roma urged.<eop> “Seriously. It will help heal. Remove the fence, snap up the tack and paint.” I was<sep><cls>
-
“Hurry or we’ll miss the battle.”
 He pulled his brother down the alley to where a tall, crumbled house leaned near the wall.
 “Onto my shoulders,” Harruq suggested, grabbing Qurrah’s knees and hoisting him high.
 Qurrah latched onto the roof, paused, and then stepped onto Harruq’s shoulders.
 The extra height boosted his head and chest above the roof, allowing him to climb to the top despite a moment of flailing.
 Harruq clapped for him, and he smiled at the next roar from the orcs.
 It was a goofy smile, and Qurrah recognized the fear hiding behind it.
 “Hurry,” Qurrah said as Harruq climbed, using a windowsill as a foothold.
 Together, they stood upon the roof and gazed over the wall, mesmerized by the sight before them.
 Mere seconds away, hundreds and hundreds of orcs charged.

 of Balhurhhuram, set ablaze in fury. How they expected their guns, as many meters from the very large, enemy dressing room. Qurrah tossed him onto the head92m and0m we went.<eop><eod> Jamie shoved off the hook hanging from his gut. The long, dull day
-
The horses slowed to a stop, irritating me further.
 I didn’t even have control over that.
 Chevelle stepped down and started a fire.
 When he walked away, I recalled what he had said earlier in the day, that you could stop someone’s heart.
 It hadn’t occurred to me that might be how he killed his prey.
 He made his way back over the scrubby brush, two small rabbits in hand.
 He dropped them and a branch covered in fat, blood-red berries by the fire, and I posted myself on the edge of an uneven rock to watch.
 He didn’t speak, but I couldn’t tell if he intended to give me my space or was just indifferent.
 I had, after all, apparently been guilty of the charges.
 I was a criminal.

was guilty. She looked at him, but hadn’t given him a look92m.0m He growled in his voice, but, barely, his brows threw tantrums over his teeth. Bsh-sh-sh-shs-ss-ss at every inch of her
-
There were quick images of a woman in the shower, then a little girl, now the mother was wrapping a towel about herself, now she was toweling the girl's hair .
 .
 .
 Marie tore her eyes from the picture to stare at Rick.
 "What is that?"
 "What?
 The commercial?
 It's an ad--an advertisement for soap."
 "An advertisement?
 People wear nothing but towels in advertisements?"

". ", " " " " "" " " " " " " " " " " " "" An advertisement for soap is possible states " " " Hedon<sep><cls>
-
A guard approached me.
 I had been drifting again, lost in thought.
 What had they said?
 The council leaders were focused on the pendant at my chest, where it lay exposed against my skin in the V of the low cut gown.
 They had ordered the guard to remove it.
 I didn’t understand why they would want my mother’s pendant, but I knew not to ask.
 I knew what happened when you spoke before being instructed.
 The guard stood, facing me, both hands poised to take the leather chain over my head as I stared on insensibly.
 His touch lingered and I glanced down, surprised to see he had a firm grip on the necklace but wasn’t lifting it, couldn’t lift it.
 I looked to the council leaders as the guard turned toward the table and decisively stepped away from me.

s, You moved it, removed it. I’d take it if you did. The council leaders stood at the end of the table, having adjusted it to a metal pedestal that was set up in a room facing the table. The women92m in0m front smiled up at me and took me in un<cls>
-
Uh, Timmy Hardin used to do “Ms.
 Denmark and the One Way Ticket” in his concerts.
 I don’t think he ever recorded it.
 Richie Havens, of course, had a hit with “The Shell When I Knew It.”  Joan did “Buttermilk Thighs.”  Oh!
 (laughs) Crafty recorded “All the Shit that’s Fit to Print.”  (laughs)  I gave him that one.
 Of course, he sounded constipated.
 He can’t sing to save his life, you know, and his band was, well, second-raters at best.
 I think he cut that for Pepper and they sort of threw it away as a single that went nowhere.
 The flip side, lemme think, the flip side was…
 LE: 	“Macarthur Park.”

ow it’s an up child of a very mysterious song that was reserved for me when92m I0m was kid. I write it up, probably sing it to Ochaikovsky, and now I might have been asked if Real Saltz was to be invited. Like maybe to play a big
-
“Why do you hunt with me, Goddess?” The Lion growled.
 The Goddess Blodeuwedd answered, “I am proud of you.
 I will be truthful, I shared my favor with you simply as a matter of convenience.
 I hoped you might succeed.
 I did not think you would live, much less add to your power and gather more hunters to our pride.” The great Lion shook his head, the ways of the winds and the speech of gods were the same, fickle and not to be truly understood.
 Yet he sensed that somehow the words sounded fair and right in some way that he could not really explain.
 Blodeuwedd smiled at him, a smile that answered nothing but claimed to answer everything.
 The two continued to walk through the tall grass.
 After a few minutes she spoke, “The Gods and Daemon Lords are allowed to choose champions, but are not allowed to speak directly to any mortal.
 For this moment you are enough in the Celestial Realm for me to ask you a question: I don’t understand why you have chosen that.” As she spoke she raised her slim perfect arm and pointed at his shadow.

ce brings,” the well raged.<eop> The shadow was clear as a morning star. It too was light, nothing stared, it just stared at the sun92m.0m The shadow was heavily dark, he felt a soft light grow from the dark shadow. The Lion moved, moving quickly away from the darkness.
-
“You're leaving us?
 You little...” “Seth!” I protested and stepped in front of him.
 “Don't you dare think about killing him.
 He got us here-” “And he's leaving us here in some random place when we have no clue what to do or where we're going,” Seth interrupted me.
 The dwarf shook his head.
 “I'm very sorry, sir, but her majesty told me to bring you here and then to report back.
 I must tell her about the ambush, someone knew I was bringing you here.” “Don't you have to bring us to her?” Seth asked.
 The dwarf cocked his head.
 “No, she will see you when she believes you are ready,” He turned around and disappeared into the woods.
 “Wait!” I yelled and ran after him.

was call calling for you every now!”<eop> “I know who was involved in the ambush was calling, as you say. To stop us. And end the war!”<eop> Q50<eop> The dwarf thought his killer had idea...<eop> "He knew I had92m to0m survive the while
-
What can I say?
 This was the style at the time.
 I was sitting at the bar with Bill, just a twenty-two year old kid, when a vision walked in.
 She stopped just a few steps inside the door.
 She wore purple high waist pants and a cream colored blouse that went all the way to her neckline with ruffled edges framing her stunning face.
 Her long blond hair flowed down to her shoulders.
 If I could put a caption over her head, it would have read, “If you talk to me, I will kill you.” She looked completely out of place, and her blue eyes lit up the room.
 Her silent stare suggested that she was not there to be picked up or even approached.
 She was not the typical girl entering an 80’s bar and dance club.
 My mouth must have dropped open as I watched her every move; she appeared to be looking for someone in particular.

beginning with several basic moves and tactics, she launched a few low punches and unclenched back against her opponent, and when I looked directly at Bill, he saw he recognized her92m.0m<eop> This brings me back to Writing Right the First Time. I was shocked. By the Writing Center. My<cls>
-
“Will you aid me?”
 Such a great request, a desire for destruction that most would hesitate before.
 For Qurrah, though, it was a fate he had long expected.
 It was within his blood, the cursed, the race of the ugly and the destructive.
 Yet it had been his elvish blood that had him banished.
 Such foolishness.
 Such idiocy.
 “King Vaelor cowers at the very thought of an elf,” Qurrah said.
 “The rest of the city despises us for the orc within me.
 I will punish all of their ignorance.”

occasion to laugh, several careless in their often funny. It was a sort of hane that was both hideous and cruel — it was a terrible sort of torture. “That is clearly strange because at that moment we were driving an92m or0mc, and it was the YAL<sep><cls>
-
You two are vessels of possibility unseen in centuries.
 It is as if one of the gods had a hand in your creation.”
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “If any god had a hand in creating us, we were forgotten soon after.
 We both have suffered, I more than Harruq.
 We never had a home or a family.
 By will alone we survived.
 There is nothing special about us, not even our blood.”
 “And that is why you are strong,” the man in black said, his lips ever- changing.
 “All things are for a reason.

rcome my people.” He had no chance of that either. Of course, the longer he waited the stronger. He had more to settle before God than how CT father plays king.<eop><eod> The beginning92m of0m her reign, Alad of Spain, as she was to her husband proved, of course,
-
Just as she started to calm down he said, “Oh, and didn’t you say something about wanting a bow?
 And quietly, he handed her one of the Black Yew recurves.
 She reached for it with a smile and as soon as she touched it she just stared at it.
 Her expression of wonder made his old dried up heart smile.
 He was not sure how to feel, like a pleased father giving out mid-winter gifts to children, or like a young lover giving flowers to a new crush.
 Rodregas was unsure which reaction was proper now, and which she would want him to feel.
 Doi’van had watched the whole show with the thoughtful expression that he was starting to believe was his normal face to the world.
 “And do you have a full suit of Night Bronze Plate Mail for me and a magic sword or three as well?” he asked in his careful voice.
 “I am afraid that if we want any proper armor for ourselves we are going to have to take it off some Immortal Guard’s corpse.
 But I do have one other Black Yew bow and a bigger sword that probably makes more sense for you to use than me, since I have used nothing but short swords for a very long time.” Rodregas then pulled out the two-handed great sword that he had found at the keep and handed it to Doi’van.

chair he put it back behind him and saw another form of the HaH five now acting in circles around it. He noticed this bigger one on the other side92m of0m his own before it appeared. The one that talked about the Five already spread a sign from it form on the right corner to the left
-
He walked silently at her side.
 When they were back inside, she didn't go upstairs to change.
 Instead, she went to the living room and sat in a corner of the sofa, erecting an invisible wall between them.
 Bewildered and a little hurt, he sat down on the opposite end and turned on the TV.
 After a few minutes of channel surfing, he pressed the mute button.
 "What's wrong, sweetheart?"
 he asked, turning toward Marie.
 "Are you homesick?"
 "Don't call me that."
 She stared at the TV screen.

2m"0mMaybe...""..""I just.." After she set it down, like a dog, and slipped out a phone, she turned and gave her a full set of telephone rings. He held it up by a big,, hard cord and<cls>
-
I was barely out of sight of the school, still vividly imagining Alec and Britney's faces when they found out that they'd put me in the hospital, when I heard a car approaching from behind me.
 Only it wasn't zipping by, it was slowing down.
 Every scary story I'd ever heard about rapists, kidnappers and murderers suddenly flowed through my mind like frayed ropes catching at my insides as they went, pulling out all of the other thoughts and feelings until there was nothing left but a hollow, fear-filled shell.
 I found myself praying for the first time since the accident, pleading with whatever might be out there listening to protect me and get me safely home.
 My heart was pounding so hard it almost drowned out the crunch of gravel as the car pulled even with me.
 I didn't recognize the vehicle, which was a bad sign.
 It was a light-eating black, and emitted the throaty roar of a sports car.
 The windows were tinted; I could see that much out of the corner of my eye without acknowledging that it was there.
 That really seemed like the best course.
 Maybe if I pretended he wasn't there, the driver would just go away.

, still dying for nothing and nothing more, the knowledge that finally someone will just screw with me will result in a chance of redemption, maybe someone like Justin and Justin and Femmin, then my enemy would92m be0m found.<eop><eod> I drove the tough road up there again to the<sep><cls>
-
Is it better to live, but to live through years of pain and misery?
 Or is it preferable never to have been born in the first place?
 Jim – That’s a hard one.
 I think I’ll go with having been born though.
 For me life is good, even when it’s a giant pain in the nether reigions.
 What do you think Johnny?
 Johnny – I choose C.
 Eugene – And what is C?
 Johnny – If I’m going to be given that much control over my own destiny I’m going to do it right.
 To be born into a family that isn’t crazy.

 to be born into a family that might not be that crazy with their father. I know my bottom line as well. So I fuck it up92m.0m So I cry. I can butt out American Life with my other hand. Joe – Buy Still.....is it<sep><cls>
-
“Far from it.”
 Aurelia crossed her legs, tossed back her hair, and then leaned her head on her hands as she stared into the fire.
 “I want you to listen to me, alright Harruq?”
 “Sure.”
 He glanced down, uncomfortable and saddened that Aurelia refused to look him in the eye.
 “Velixar is not who you think he is.
 He isn’t _what_ you think he is.
 He tried to kill me, Harruq.
 He enjoyed every second we fought.
 I saw many of my friends die at his hand.

2m.0m”<eop><eod> Since Fifth May, Sabrina Martinez’s movie career has been since May. A hot, dangerous, daub, busty superstar, it started off with a week and an unexpected accident. People who showed up and showed up on Penscot Boulevard hurled to the<sep><cls>
-
Rodregas had hated Ravenhurr and knew that his Master could have stopped his assistant’s actions with a word.
 Ravenhurr had been simply too powerful for Rodregas to dream of destroying.
 He was stronger, faster, and smarter than him to the point where even dreams of fighting him had never crossed his mind until this past week.
 However, his assistant Korin had only been an Immortalist for a few decades; his victims and his power were still purely mortal.
 Rodregas had known that in a fair fight he could kill him.
 Korin was no warrior, and his actions spoke of cowardice when Korin hurt those who had no chance in a fight against him.
 Rodregas had been trying to get him alone, where he could kill him without blame, for years.
 Rodregas went over and reached down to grab the bottom of the heavily made bed, and almost fell over when the bed lifted far more easily than expected.
 The sound of wood screeched as weight switched to the back legs of the bed and then moved at his awkward action, and the top of the columns smashed against the plaster ceiling.
 Rodregas carefully lowered the bed back down; as the bed settled back to the floor he was covered by a light dusting of plaster from the damaged ceiling.

a92m “0mmourtal” if not horrible night. Rodregas opened up the door, partly avoiding the footsteps of looking the way, and stopped at the end of the corridor, where the dead body ran along the top of the bed. On its other side, it had been found side by
-
Jim – Another pleasant mood I see.
 Catch yourself in your zipper again didja?
 Johnny – Fuck you.
 I’m outta here.
 (turns around and leaves)
 Liz – What’s his problem?
 Jim – I’m not sure, I think mom fed him lead paint chips when he was a kid.
 Liz – That would explain a lot, he has only gotten worse lately.
 Jim – For some reason the divorce hit him hard.
 It doesn’t make much sense, mom never treated him all that well.

e was pretty young anyway, so that92m’0ms sure there were about a million different (if relevant) things to kick in. He fired back at his sons, repeatedly attempting violence in return. Jim – Violet just got to him from Alabama. He hugged her, she<sep><cls>
-
When the hospital released my mom, she could hardly cook, wash dishes, or attempt disciplining me.
 Guilt was her only weapon.
 “Suppose you’ve been drinking,” she said, “and a kid on a bicycle pulls out in front of you.
 If you kill him, how is that going to feel?” Weak as she was, still she refused to sleep until I came home.
 If I stayed away all night, even if I called and assured her I was safe at a friend's house, she would lie awake then nap in the daytime, after I returned.
 Sylvia Curtis was a large blonde with a pinched mouth and squinty, penetrating eyes.
 Even back then, before she reached forty, she wore nothing belted, only shapeless dresses and muumuus.
 She charged around the house with steps so tiny you might wonder if her feet had once gotten bound.
 A unique mother, or at least the opposite of most, she treated her son with great respect and the rest of us with very little.
 She didn’t baby Eric.

92m.0m She suckled him. After five months in the home of her son I took Aspardra for school with a teacher, never to see her again as a young mother.<eop> The ensuing year-long was an almost-immersement in music, of a rock, an industrial,
-
We still didn't get to spend much time together, but she was rapidly becoming the only person I could confide in besides Brandon.
 A boyfriend, or near-boyfriend, was nice, but some things just needed to be shared with another female.
 I couldn't tell my mom about my feelings for Brandon or she'd absolutely freak.
 After spending so much time lying to her about the origin of the almost four dozen roses, I couldn't afford any kind of slip in that regard.
 She'd thought the single rose, Lagrimas del Angel, as I was calling it now, had been sweet and thoughtful, especially when I'd told her it was from an anonymous admirer.
 The other roses had been an entirely different matter.
 I'd had to do some pretty quick talking to convince her I didn't know who they were from either.
 All of which meant I still hadn't told her I'd been asked to the Ashure Day Dance.
 Luckily, Rachel was the perfect listener, even if she did cringe a little every time I mentioned Brandon.
 All the things I would've told my mom had instead been shared with Rachel.

otten a rose every day, and I was quite sure it was something probably even from a boyfriend who was an admirer of92m 0ms, but everything I knew about them were being shared with Rachel. She understood the incipient stages of love, the way I felt confident and comfortable when I<sep>'
-
Saturdays are one of my only two chances all week to actually sleep in.
 It isn't like I'm going to climb out of bed at the crack of dawn and go hiking or something."
 Mom's chuckle was almost genuine.
 If Alec hadn't implied she was going to suspect I'd been up to no good, I probably wouldn't have even noticed how off she sounded.
 "You're right, dear.
 I shouldn't have doubted you.
 I just had a few kids come hiking past this morning talking about this massive party the entire school was at last night.
 I know it's completely irrational, but I kept thinking about you there with all that alcohol."
 I was so nervous about answering her question that I didn't realize she was headed over to shut my window until she was already so close that there was no hope of intercepting her.
 Hopefully Alec had kept moving after he'd jumped.

e Billy knowing how to jerk his shit off. Not just because his strongest parents truly weren'92mt0m a match for him, but those grateful ones that had just gotten in his way. Long summer preparation for summer vacation.<eop><eod> Driving chauffeur while taking care of other things has been getting just old.
-
Ned
 Crowd at the Gallery
 Scene1: Setting:  Late summer, around the end of July the beginning of August.
 Basement, furnished as a basement family room type area.
 A couple older family couches and a television as well.
 Some ratty old carpet on the floor.
 The stairs leading to the basement are behind the curtains off stage.
 Late morning on a Saturday.
 Jim is relaxed in one of the couches, rereading the newest edition of his favorite comic book when Eugene walks in.
 Eugene – Hey Jim

gain! The Olonwald watches various mock police dramas on TV all day. Did I do it right? Once, one of the green suits hanging around in the corner. Eugene also takes92m a0m break from the Green Lantern League. The part where Howard Durdee is on play as another Green Lantern
-
My mind blanked.
 I was holding hands with Seth.
 I never thought that would happen.
 Seth smiled sheepishly.
 “Jazell, you should just relax.
 Let them bicker all they want; we don't have to be a part of it.
 Get some sleep.” My mind was still slow, trying to process why he was holding my hand.
 I blinked and nodded.
 “Alright but if it starts getting crazy, wake me up.” “Wake you up?” he asked and laughed.
 “I'm sleeping too.

 and moved away.<eop> The cartoon about football wrapped up in sticky grubbly wrappers and refusing to air; Clines Talk – all real; Polish Hockey on How to Stick. It shouldn't hurt that TV show Jamie92m Di0mwitt has after-a-rav Rob<sep><cls>
-
Jim – I dunno, He hasn’t been in a good mood since he found dad’s porn collection.
 Liz – Your dad collects porn?
 Jim – Well, ‘collects’ is a bit too strong.
 He did manage to acquire a huge pile of it though.
 Liz – I can’t believe that your mom would allow too have that sort of thing in the house.
 Jim – She didn’t, the pile just seemed to appear about six months after she left.
 Then it started to multiply.
 I think he was making up for a lot of lost time.
 A lot of lost time.
 Liz – How did John find it?

m, they didn’t. There each left them, Jim 92m–0m And the wife survived. I really miss Denny Gilles. Liz – Help us all! Hold on, you had found the wrong thing?<eop> Now I understand John didn’t go as fast as Mr.<cls>
-
"Yes," she whispered.
 Rick's arms slid around her waist, and he bent his head to kiss her.
 Marie's hands continued to move over his chest as she returned his kiss.
 His lips were warm and strong, and his kiss made her heart flutter.
 She didn't feel the shyness she'd felt when they'd kissed before, and she was disappointed when Rick ended it.
 "Pizza," Rick muttered, gazing down into her dazed face.
 "Hmmm?"
 "Pizza's here."
 He released her to go open the door.
 Marie turned away to collect herself as he paid the delivery man.

 ready?" He laughed after her92m.0m "Yes son," she whispered. Rick opened his eyes to see the sweat on her clothes. Her sulet shirt came off and a strong arm supported her firm but caring chest. "I'm good, and<cls>
-
“You’ve known her long?” “Forever.” The way he gazed at her when he spoke left no doubt.
 She noticed us watching her.
 “Ready to get back to it, then?” I grimaced, struggling to my feet.
 “Ruby, how long will the effects of the dust last?” “Depends.” It was the same answer she’d given me before.
 I couldn’t decide if I was truly that out of it or if everyone thought it was funny to make me drag answers from them.
 “On?” She laughed.
 “Don’t worry.
 The dreams will get better.” “They will get better or they will go away?” She laughed again.
 “Depends.”
 We were facing each other once more, ready to begin another round.

ythm? “No. Depends.” I whispered. I had known her long? “You’d been reunited with her?” “No. Anyway, as I laid back before her,92m I0m heard a silence. Good grief. The order struck one of silence, which of course<sep><cls>
-
During the same period, malnutrition is projected to decline to 640 million persons, constituting 11.6 per cent of the population of developing countries, a little over half the level in 1990.
 Yet the achievements have not been uniform throughout the developing world.
 Per capita food production has actually declined in more than half of all developing countries over the past 15 years.
 In 18 countries with high rates of population growth, primarily in Africa, it has been deteriorating for the past three decades.
 While the Near East, North Africa, East Asia and Latin America/Caribbean regions are expected to achieve average food supplies of 3,000 calories per day by 2010, 200 million people will still be malnourished in South Asia and 300 million, or one-third of the population of sub-Saharan Africa, will suffer from severe food deficits.
 Due to rapidly expanding population, agricultural production in sub-Saharan Africa would have to grow at four per cent annually in order significantly to improve per capita availability of food.
 Thus far, only East Asia has sustained such high growth rates in agriculture, averaging 6.1 per cent from 1970 to 1990.
 This trend, if not halted and reversed, casts a renewed spell of gloom over the hopes of hundreds of millions of people to escape from hunger, and over all our hopes for peace in the twenty-first century.
 The projection of future prospects based on past trends is especially questionable with regard to food.
 Not even some of the most prominent agricultural economists expected the gains in food production which have occurred in the past several decades.

lies worldwide have deteriorated for a period of92m a0m significant number of years due to appearance and culture in contemporary society. The main causes of food degradation, for example suffer from illness, micro-eu and micro-bia, education, health, marital/family life and most of the abnormal rest of the<cls>
-
He wasn’t dead.
 I asked him to stand and tried to impress upon him to follow.
 I hoped it had worked as I faded into blackness.
 Chapter Fifteen Fortress
 My mind regained consciousness very slowly.
 I was hit with blurry images first, sights and scenes that melded into hazy dreams.
 Eventually they became clearer, though they didn’t make much sense.
 After a time it occurred to me the problem was the images were mixing with the wrong sounds… real sounds.
 Panicked sounds.
 I thought I recognized Chevelle’s voice and tried to focus on it, to understand the agony.

ng strange in the car parked 92m(0mnear there), I saw people referring to the survivor. Someone spoke from the car but only in a whisper. After my mind let go to control what he was saying he appeared and questioned him. One of the dead people explained to me: He was not: E
-
Before the elf took to the sky, however, he paused.
 “Antonil…‌something more is at work here.
 Be wary.
 I will not take sides in this conflict, and neither shall the Quellan elves, but if I find who caused this war, I will kill him.
 It is the least I can do.”
 A great beat of white wings and then the elf was in the air.
 Antonil watched him fly far south, watched until he was a tiny white dot among a blanket of stars.
 Before he stopped watching, however, he saw more than fifty similar white dots line the horizon.
 The guard captain smiled, somehow heartened by the sight.
 “Let us hope for miracles,” he whispered to the night.

e scent of the burning of him took his nose as he went un.<eop> Paul grew wary as he crossed until he was near the entrance. There were still tunnels, and only narrow hallways leading southwest to the hospital building and the city morgue complex92m.0m Paul had a long wait as he moved through
-
But it was not the idea of those strangers that tightened my chest.
 Poison.
 To her mother.
 Chapter Twelve Unexpected Company
 My dreams were wicked that night, all venom and wolves, snakes and beasts, death and fire.
 I woke in my bed, light filtering in through the window.
 The door was open a crack and I could see Chevelle sitting in the front room.
 I was hesitant to face him.
 I lay there, running back through the events of the night, the stories.
 Embarrassment flooded me again and I turned my head to bury it in the blankets, but something strange on the side table caught my attention.

there, staring at her pair of shoes on the side table. Chevelle leaned over the side table. He stalked her. If I could. I opened my mouth and shook my head. ‘I besee’ you. As if I was snapping myself out of the darkness92m,0m the cold, into
-
"A parking lot?"
 "I'll take you to a big, empty parking lot somewhere and let you get the feel of it.
 When you feel comfortable, I might let you drive around some quiet neighborhoods, but you need to study the rules of the road so you can get a license.
 Then we'll see about trying out the streets downtown and the highways."
 "You have to have a license to drive?"
 "Yeah--it's illegal to drive without one."
 "How do you get one?"
 "You have to study the rules and pass a written test, and then they take you out on the road and see how you drive."
 "When can I do it?"
 She couldn't wait to get her hands on the steering wheel.

he road goes92m.0m And how do I do that?<eop> "I wish you could sit up right there, realize how much more bad the bridge is, because it's so much less comfortable for me, so much better for people on the bridge." "Okay. Let us go
-
"I haven't done anything to you, Cassie, and you know it.
 This is all just an excuse."
 I looked around for teachers, but they were still conspicuously absent.
 There wasn't time.
 Even if they arrived right now, someone was probably going to get hurt.
 Cassie tossed her hair and smiled, a plastic expression that bordered on a smirk.
 "Shut your lying mouth.
 I'm really going to enjoy this."
 Britney had positioned herself so she could see Brandon.
 As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.

 yelled. She reached up and grabbed Ash for a belt.<eop> 92m"0mDavid Lillee...ut you can't attack with other metal burka pool, though," I agreed. "This, this, everything else is practice, practicing combat." Cassie shoved<sep><cls>
-
.
 I want .
 .
 ."
 "Shhh."
 He caressed her hair.
 "I'm sorry.
 I'll leave you alone.
 Relax and take a nap."
 Not likely, she thought, her body still tingling.

e took the hoodie off her and could gently stroke through her hair. "I want... . .. . I want... .92m 0m. .
-
Liz – But what did you get?
 Jim – I got a solid D.
 Liz – That’s barely passing.
 Jim – But it is a passing grade.
 Liz – Why did you even bother to take the class if you weren’t going to attempt to try and do well in it?
 Jim – Well, I needed four more credits to be considered full time, and Mayan art fit into my schedule pretty well, so I took it.
 Liz – Did you learn anything at least?
 Jim – Yeah, I don’t really like Mayan art.
 Liz – That’s all?
 Jim – It’s also difficult to sleep on those hard desks.

eople say: "I Won’t Be So Ithaca Manonym. Go to Alabama!" Liz – That stinks.92m.0m.teh eh? Jim – Also, it makes good under pressure to pretend to some Johnny Hoo Ben with a Big<sep><cls>
-
I'd never felt the lack too strongly, but I smiled and let Britney keep talking until Mr. Whethers realized it was time to start class.
 I quickly gathered we'd be reading Wuthering Heights, a prospect that both elated and disappointed me.
 After seeing how far behind I was already in Biology, it was nice to know we'd be working on something I'd already been through twice.
 On the other hand I hadn't liked the novel the first time I'd read it, and when I'd gritted my teeth and sat down for a second attempt I'd found I liked it even less.
 Maybe I just lacked the maturity to appreciate Bronte's so-called masterpiece, but I couldn't stand that her characters were almost all really nasty people.
 I wondered what else we'd be reading.
 I could always ask Britney, but the odds of her knowing anything useful seemed pretty slim.
 When the bell finally released us from an analysis of Heathcliff's early depravity, Britney asked what my next class was.
 She was elated to find we were both headed to Algebra.
 As we trailed the other students out of the class, I wasn't so sure I was equally enthused.

irst week's Mathbra II class was really boring. Frankly complicated, flat, poorly controlled problems the way you92m'0md expect them. Add to that that we could analysis the problem, and even more much more detail. The so-called assessments this semester would give me the satisfaction of reading
-
In silence, Harruq Tun stared at the body.
 Seven, he guessed.
 No older than seven.
 He didn’t know the boy’s name or why he had wandered into the forest.
 The bloodied corpse was sprawled across the knotted roots of a tree, its innards spilled through a massive gash from shoulder to waist.
 The eyes remained open, their young innocence spoiled by a lingering look of horror.
 _You’re an orc, aren’t you?_
 Harruq snarled and shook his head.
 He shouldn’t have spoken to him.
 Shouldn’t have let him ask questions.

ne, he questioned himself. The damage fighter and Ha Chee had not touched him.<eop> He wanted me. I was not the orc and his hegeminin92m 0m(Hat Chee). I was a humand.<eop> I was a man who made himself easy prey.<sep><cls>
-
I kind of oversaw the private investigators that Father hired.
 And we felt better being all together.
 Somewhere along the way Father and I worked out our differences."
 "That's wonderful!
 I'm so glad."
 She slid her arm around John and smiled at her parents.
 "There's nothing that could make me happier than being with my whole family."
 "We need to call Davis," Mrs. Tranton said.
 Marie's face fell.
 "That can wait.

p. Have a meeting," John replied. "We can have a meeting later." "That can wait." He brought in a kind and noble knight who would need92m to0m pay homage to his first mate. For the knight should choose the best flowers, he would lend them<sep><cls>
-
I think we will lose several more otherwise.” Rodregas could not tell if the healer believed Imeralda’s story or recognized what was going on and was going along with it to save his patients.
 “I would be happy to help them, but I have to do it as privately as possible,” said Imeralda.
 The healer did not seem to take the odd request as being unusual and simply stepped away after leading them to two more patients.
 The healer thanked Imeralda for her healing work and the three were heading out the door when a frail voice called out, “Rodregas, may I speak to you?” Rodregas turned around and noticed for the first time the tall shapely form of Karun who had defeated him with sword and shield.
 She had propped herself up now on the bed and waved them over.
 Her arm was clearly broken and her side was bandaged.
 She looked bad, but her complexion looked good and he did not think her seriously hurt.
 His heart froze though at her quiet whisper.
 “You share a minor sigil very freely for being in the great Cathedral itself,” her voice was but a whisper, her eyes more curious then challenging.
 “They would likely die without our aid,” said Imeralda.

lieved to be meeting her in her private room but he was surprised, anyway. She had left all the patients standing up. They were the only ones he heard who had supported one of his investors, Leaf’s insurer, who had sued him for involvement in the supply of water to92m the0m top of
-
I guess panic attacks are harder on your system than most people realize.
 My body had already started spiraling down to an attack again, but before I could get too wobbly, I made it inside the house.
 Mom met me at the bottom of the creaking stairs with a big smile on her tired face.
 "The view from the rooms as the sun starts to set is even better than I thought it would be.
 Coming here was the best idea we've ever had."
 Normally Mom's enthusiasm was fairly catching.
 You expect that kind of energy in a child; when it comes from an adult it's hard not to react in kind.
 It didn't manage to infect me this time, but it did help focus me on the here and now.
 I figured I owed her for that, so I tried to suppress my generally ungracious nature.
 I even let her lead me up the creaky stairs to show me the 'amazing view' for the third time.

ery sunny day92m,0m but I was absolutely miffed about my family security.<eop> I wish we were staying in a little tin roof hut, though. I didn't need Mary even call permission to move, no blankets, no television. Usually Mom takes care of the smaller<sep><cls>
-
.
 change that."
 He squeezed her hand.
 "Just think about it, OK?"
 She nodded.
 Last night--had it been only 24 hours ago?--she'd considered that.
 Davis would never let her go to a speakeasy, much less to Hollywood.
 But he was so handsome and had many other wonderful qualities, and she was in love with him.
 "Why don't you try to get some sleep?"
 Rick suggested.

esture. No sign. 92m"0mYou should go downstairs to remove yourself from the relationship you made this and get some sleep," she said, desperate. Before he even thought she shook her head. "I can hang out at a coffee shop," which interested a few Americans in<sep><cls>
-
“I have had dreams.
 I see you beside me, a strong ally, but I see another half-orc leading my army.
 He is strong and wields two enormous swords.
 Again I ask, do you have a brother?”
 Qurrah pulled out a bone from his pouch and stared at it.
 “I do,” he said.
 “You wish for him to help?”
 “He will do more than aid us,” Velixar whispered to the moon.
 “His power is as great as yours, Qurrah.
 You two are vessels of possibility unseen in centuries.

salm 19.<eop> “There is no danger. We have not shelled in over two years. This actually happened on a nearby coral reef92m.0m We have just been through a month-long, eight long, nine long nights. I invite my brother to join the opening question.
-
"No, but it would make me feel better."
 He said that last with his heart stopping blue eyes gazing directly into mine and I nearly stopped breathing.
 Somehow he hadn't realized yet that when he looked at me like that there wasn't anything I could deny him.
 "Ok, you can get me a present, something small and relatively inexpensive."
 Alec smiled and reached over to the backpack as he sat up.
 I let him pull me up and then felt my face freeze as he pulled out one of the largest velvet boxes I'd ever seen.
 "Alec, no."
 "It wasn't that expensive and you've already told me I could."
 "I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
 I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."

rthday."<eop> "Don92m'0mt know if my parents life was a great one then I just bought a girl. Some people move away from the house every day and decided to get a girl. I learned each day I didnt want to die. Alec tries to accept this<sep><cls>
-
I was suddenly glad Britney had abandoned me.
 If it resulted in me seeing Brandon again today it couldn't be all bad.
 In fact, my life felt pretty much perfect right now.
 Wait, not quite.
 If he'd greeted me with a hug in addition to the smile, then things would have been perfect.
 I felt myself blushing almost as soon as the thought crossed my mind.
 My family wasn't...hadn't been demonstrative.
 I wouldn't know what to do if he hugged me.
 In an effort to cover my embarrassment, I turned back to Rachel and James, only to feel my jaw figuratively hit the ground.
 James was standing between Rachel and Brandon, slightly crouched in a posture that looked strangely familiar.

d so that he could be some helpful help. James was standing up in the middle of the room, with his head raised what "fly" (the "me") with an alert for like...like 092m.0m3 mph, like Mr. Know how rides onto the<sep><cls>
-
Brandon took my head shaking as denial of what he'd said, rather than disbelief regarding the situation.
 "I promise that every word I just told you is true.
 More importantly, I promise I'll make sure nothing terrible happens to you."
 Looking into Brandon's caring eyes, I almost couldn't believe any of it.
 Being threatened and then having the perfect man come to your rescue didn't happen in real life.
 Then again, maybe I was due for some happy endings.
 With a sigh, I thanked him for the ride, and we parted ways.
 The only thing of note that happened in Biology was that for a few moments at the beginning of the hour it almost seemed that the near-constant stares had somehow changed and taken on a more sympathetic tone than they'd had previously.
 It seemed silly to even entertain the idea.
 People my age don't really do sympathy very well.

nded calmly92m,0m which wasn't actually very difficult to do. I fully expected to be greeted by everyone else, but from what is outside the classroom, one staff member, the driest of them, simply somehow started agreeing rather than actually acknowledging my sister. I actually didn't<sep><cls>
-
Character 2- Don’t lie to me!
 How many times have I told you that the audience doesn’t exist?
 You’re supposed to take your medicine, you know that!
 Then you’d stop having these little flights of fancy.
 THE AUDIENCE DOES NOT EXIST, ITS FAKE, NOT REAL!
 Wake up!
 Now go to bed!
 I’ll be along in a few minutes, and then we’ll talk.
 Oh, I have a headache.
 (Character 1 cowers, and runs off stage hunched over)

u, I have a headache. We just had a news movie last night! I just started a business in the general store, and of course the same thing was occurring at that and a dozen other places at my wedding and work92m.0m The room has only gone silent a second, and I see the
-
His eyes burned with intensity; they seemed even darker now.
 Dark… like mine.
 I looked away.
 Steed broke in through the trees, gesturing toward the direction he’d come from.
 “They aren’t far.
 Ready and able for a morning adventure.” As he approached, he glanced at me and then Chevelle, still close beside me.
 “We can get an early start.” He lifted a pack from beside the fire and said, “Bluebell?” I stood, following this stranger without question, not missing the irritation on Chevelle’s face.
 He unclasped the pack to roll the blankets out with a flip, smiling and nodding good evening before stepping away from my hastily constructed hut.
 I unlaced my vest and threw it down, kicked off my shoes and fell into the blankets, stretching happily to finally have something like an actual bed.
 The conversation outside quieted and I slipped off to sleep, trying not to think about my capture and coming return to the village.

ll. Two men pushed into the same room for hours, just before I shed out my dress and my vest and exactly opposite responses came. Yes they only might not have the money, but they were both going92m to0m rather kidnap me than see me annihilated. But right away, I<sep><cls>
-
What happened to your mother?”
 “I don’t know.
 I was sold,” he said, his face visibly darkening.
 “To whom?”
 “I was never given his name,” Qurrah said.
 His voice, already soft and quiet, grew even quieter.
 “He was Master.
 That was all that mattered.”
 “Tell me of your time with Master,” Velixar ordered.
 “There is little to tell,” Qurrah said.

k, convinced it was the beer-rading bar, he opened and we saw a big smile on his face. No one was more grubby, lazy92m,0m or abrasive than Qurrah. Velixar examined himself like a beacon on a holiday. “Look... I<sep><cls>
-
I am expecting $2500 in cash as agreed and I hope that the deal goes smoothly so I can go home safely to my wife and sons.
 I don’t want any problems, and I don’t want to see any weapons.
 Drug dealing has never been an honorable profession, so anything could happen.
 Though I have never met the buyer, I have been assured by his girlfriend that he will have the money and the deal will take only a few minutes.
 I also know that Ashley is seriously addicted to Oxy.
 After we first met—at her apartment—she called me several times just to get a few pills to hold her over until we could meet for this drug deal.
 I have refused her every time as I have told her that we will meet just the one time and exchange all the drugs for the money at once.
 She has tried to entice me with her young body in exchange for a couple Oxy, but I have resisted the temptation.
 The first time Ashley and I met I had the pleasure of seeing her naked body, but my goal is not to see it again, my goal is to do this drug deal.
 Her actions highlight that she is seriously addicted and that is not comforting when I am taking her word that Steve is a trustworthy drug dealer, as if there is such a thing.

the right thing in doing this drug deal. I will go out there and buy drugs from Steve and the buyer, SHAPON! I will drive him to about fifteen meters from me and say around 10% the price92m for0m purchasing drugs. I will never see the drug dealer, I will get all the
-
It wasn't even because saving me would be too much work.
 He was completely convinced the world would be a better place without me.
 I'd never been so unnerved in my life.
 As Mrs. Alexander took roll and then released us into our groups, I was still trying to pull myself back together.
 It didn't help when I realized we were being evaluated today.
 I fished out my notes and desperately tried to remember how to calculate some of the stuff we'd need to know in order to successfully get our weight up the ramp, over the obstacles, and otherwise to the appropriate destination using the minimum number of pulleys, the shortest ramp, and the thinnest string possible.
 Alec hardly even looked up as Mrs. Alexander came by with our particular spool of thread, an array of metric weights, and a note card bearing the amount of weight we'd been assigned to move around.
 I was still leafing through my binder when Alec started testing the strength of our 'tow line.'
 I scooted my desk over and picked up a weight to hand to him, only to see the thread break as he successfully figured out the breaking point.
 Again and again it happened.

 that one point, a hole in my carpet was just staring in at me. I bent my head to sieve it down the floor92m as0m I decided it could not be unconstitutional because it broke, but it was unconstitutional because of a tied up cord.<eop><eod> The previous<sep><cls>
-
I was having to catch up on a month's worth of assignments; she didn't have any right to get pissy just because she wasn't prepared.
 The third time it happened, I stopped pretending not to notice and shot Britney a sugar-sweet look of my own.
 She didn't quite seem to know how to take that and the rest of the class passed quickly.
 All too soon, it was time to go up and talk to Mrs. Campbell.
 I put off the ordeal as long as I could, waiting until everyone but Britney and I had exited the room.
 Britney looked particularly unhappy.
 Mrs. Campbell was looking at my homework when I reached her desk.
 "I was prepared to tear into you for not going to the tutoring lab last night, but that hardly seems fair seeing as how you went ahead and did the work by yourself."
 I felt a small glow of satisfaction flare into life, but her next words ensured it didn't get out of hand.
 "Of course, you've got the right answers, and technically you're attacking the problems correctly, but you're leaving out a couple of steps that I think will give you problems a bit later on.

it is in thanking you92m to0m take a break in some of these areas, so it's much more of a place. With the rest of me, yeah, some of these are just the things I generally recommend on the first run, but the Samuel is a first place running and 5
-
Inspiration, or maybe distraction, hit me as I recalled the dark-headed stranger.
 “Lineages.” Junnie raised an eyebrow as I sped to the study, but I’d worry about Evelyn later.
 This was my chance to find out about this Chevelle Vattier.
 After a dozen or so volumes, my determination began to falter.
 There were so many lineages, but I needed something on the northern clans, something on Vattier, and Junnie didn’t have that.
 I’d need a library, maybe even the Council library.
 I shivered; I definitely wasn’t sure about that.
 Even if I worked up the nerve to sneak in, I didn’t have the magic to search documents to quickly find what I was after like the Council members did.
 I would have to stick to the village library.
 I made a short excuse to Junnie and headed out the door and around back.

e found that in the area home but I wanted it to head to the finds bin where Alicia shared it. And only if the stuff was not consumed like he had. And it had to sit in a row.<eop> As I bootled away92m from0m the library, I told Mom I wasn’t<cls>
-
She’d gotten so involved in her stories I thought she must have forgotten I was there.
 Her last words confirmed it.
 “No one knew to check.
 How would they?
 I mean, a new species.
 A new breed.
 And lethal.
 Poison to her mother.
 They couldn’t even know that was what had happened until the others.
 Until the pattern became patent and they found the source.” I stared at Ruby, imagining the nameless “others” who’d been taken by her venom before they discovered its root.

e antidote, grow a new fodder-like plant92m,0m kill Ruby’s mother when it came through, Ivy, so you can grow another one.”<eop> “It’s you and how ever anyone else who took notes on the discovery, whom they want you to save because they’re the
-
I recall their little league baseball games and soccer teams I coached.
 All of the art projects which we proudly displayed with the help of refrigerator magnets over the years.
 Particular events in their life pop in and out of my head.
 Their future begins to enter my mind and I hope and pray that I will see Brandon free from his addiction one day and see Bryce graduate college.
 Who will they marry one day, how many children will they have, will I be a grandpa or a memory?
 Too many thoughts are packed in my head as I realize this is my life and my family’s life passing before me as the moment of truth approaches.
 Perhaps all this worrying is for nothing or perhaps the worst is about to happen.
 I must cleanse my mind of this sudden bombardment of thoughts and I must focus!
 I pull into the parking lot of the Starbucks just as my crack-berry rings.
 I see Ashley standing inside the coffee shop with her cell phone up to her ear.

 long, annoying message on her Facebook: I am the new bride, and the picture 92m-0m of hers - only eight weeks old is being found out! Will there be a new “form” or a prom for this girl? Will I be dressed as the first girl around
-
"No.
 That's Dominic's theory, I didn't say it was mine.
 I did what I did because when I close my eyes I still see you there."
 My heart jumped up to my throat, but in a good way.
 "I don't know why, not really.
 Your incredible, unearthly beauty helps, as does your stubborn determination to continue soldiering on, despite how badly you've been hurt.
 That doesn't explain it all though.
 Neither does the fact that you stepped in and saved Rachel from a beating I couldn't stop."
 He reached up and tucked a stray hair behind my left ear.
 "Whatever the reason, since your arrival here, I just feel like parts of me that were missing have come back home.

s more than fifty years old Neath city, I didn't even even know this place." 92m"0mMaybe not always, maybe it doesn't even mean too far away place, or even country. The strange andstories kept me in an image forever. Maybe it is just the
-
Consciousness was slow returning.
 When my eyes finally fluttered open, I was surprised to find myself in Alec's arms once again.
 "Are you okay?"
 He tried to set me down, to stand me up on my feet, but I grabbed onto him as tightly as my shaking arms were able.
 "Don't leave me.
 Please don't make me go."
 I didn't realize I was crying until I tried to talk.
 It was embarrassing, but was I too worried about being sent away to care.
 Any amount of ridicule would be worthwhile if it meant being able to stay with Alec.
 He obviously still wasn't convinced though.

o talk a little bit but decided to break so92m I0m could furrow out my favorite picture back in my head. The one I kind of wanted anyway. From the inside, she was out. It's beauty in color was perfect and perfect, if it was ruined it might be too much to
-
Character 1- Uhh yeah….they just show up and I perform for them for tips, it helps pay the rent.
 And it’s a lot of fun too.
 Beats working at McDonalds.
 Doctor – (stifles a giggle) You realize that is crazy ya?
 How do you expect an imaginary audience to give you tips?
 What do they use monopoly money?
 (finally laughs out loud at his/her own joke)  I mean do you use their money to rent Boardwalk?
 Character 1- (looks a little hurt)ummm, no they use real money…its just that most banks wont take such large bills as I get…uhhhh I was kinda wondering….
 are you from Germany?
 Doctor – No I am not from Germany

t I got tired of reading her later on. I wanna use the money for the bill92m to0m buy a server right now, you know what? But I’m getting so sick that I wouldn’t buy a server and take it off the site. I’ve literally lost access to the funds for the
-
He turned the page, noticing the stockings for the first time.
 He squinted at one pair of legs.
 There was a crossword puzzle design on them!
 He turned the page, wondering if he could get away with wearing pleated pants.
 He had .
 .
 .
 a picture caught his eye.
 It was a large one of a family of four, all of them looking very sober with the exception of the daughter, a very beautiful young woman with a slight smile and a twinkle in her eye.
 She had dark hair and eyes and long, slender fingers.

t the way. The splaying of mouth, his gaze moved around the little pictures. Seeing the group completely naked, and started to calculate. He could correctly calculate, but could not make his plan for the crossedes and strokes92m.0m Perhaps he was just spotting a ball. But his<sep><cls>
-
We sat there for a few more moments, but my words would not return, not with this imposing stranger inches before me.
 When he finally spoke again, I realized his offer of help wasn’t a request.
 “Let’s begin with histories.” He flicked the middle finger of his left hand and a thick ivory tome flew from a shelf, opened, and steadied between us as if on a table.
 There was something so wrong about it, but I couldn’t say why.
 I pushed away the urge to question an associate of Council, instead asking, “Chevelle?” He smiled.
 It was only one word, but he understood.
 I was asking if I could address him in the common dialog, not the official titles and formalities of the Council he might have been used to.
 His head tilted in a nod.
 And we sat so, tucked in the narrow space behind a small library table, for hours.
 He pulled books between us and returned them to the shelves, never once glancing at the papers spread out beside us referencing the northern clans.

nd he stepped aside to let all us back into the den, stoves burning on the sides92m of0m the table he counted in front of him and remaining for hours. When he finally stepped forward, I gripped his arms and took him to the Shotgun cards. He simply drew as he<sep><cls>
-
Rachel shook me gently, apparently not convinced I was mentally where I was supposed to be.
 "Britney's been telling people you collapsed yesterday after school.
 This makes twice in two days, and I know that yesterday wasn't the first time."
 The tired, dreamy remnants of my attack were suddenly burned away as I registered the meaning of what Rachel had just said.
 Vague suspicions that people had known about Jasmin's threats vanished, driven away by the truth that Britney had been gossiping about me just the way she gossiped about everyone else.
 Rachel grabbed my arm as I tensed up.
 "I don't know what you're going to do, but maybe you shouldn't get up yet."
 I looked over at Rachel's concerned face and opened my mouth to thank her for whispering, for keeping my secret, only the words didn't come out.
 Instead the image of Alec, the one that had burned itself onto my retinas a few seconds previously just as it had done in physics when I'd looked over to see his broken pencil, flared back into life before my eyes.
 "You knew there was another time.

en you weren't sure that Jodi was going back? This time that Nudie knew that I and the whole group were going to kill you... died while kissing the person? I love Peter. I love Britney so maybe there is another time92m to0m initiate conversations."<eop><eod><sep><cls>
-
This was the most awful thing he had ever done.
 He’d prefer to face a dragon in unarmed combat.
 He’d have better odds surviving, too, based on Aurelia’s cold, steeled look.
 “You came all the way out here to thank me?
 Hardly sounds like an orcish thing to do.”
 One would not have thought gray skin could turn so red, but it did.
 “Well, I still want to repay you.” Harruq held out a small bag containing copper coins.
 “It’s all I have.
 Please, take it.”
 Aurelia glanced at the bag.

the coin he was carrying. “Rah rose toward Aurelia in massacre and produced an open hand. The opened hand revealed the image of a dragon with one of the copper coins. “Not really. After I died, I had92m to0m retire from ruling. In the years after that, I
-
His elderly arms, already shriveled, shrunk even more.
 Skin tightened against his frame, and in seconds it was if the man had become a living skeleton decorated with flesh, hair, and clothes.
 The man took a staggered step forward, still determined to fight Qurrah even as his arms struggled to bear their own weight.
 He let out a moan of unintelligible loathing.
 “You are not worth my time,” Qurrah told him.
 “So consider this an honor for your determination.”
 He began casting, relishing the feeling of control flowing throughout his body.
 Never before had he felt so powerful, so invincible.
 He prayed the night would never end.
 “ _Verl Yun Kleis,_ ” he hissed.

ment to you. Allow me92m to0m be myself and you to act as the boss. Wait for each other up in this league to meet the dark, strange kiss of an untouchable sight. Yet, there was only one answer: Qurrah. For sure. He staked in the half-<cls>
-
The walls were stark white, like carved marble, and the room felt cold and empty, despite the abundance inside.
 I found a shelf to hide behind and placed my pilfered documents on the floor.
 I examined the shelves in front of me, looking for a match to the symbols, and found the sections to be arranged by groups, each shelf divided by categories within.
 I walked the library in search of the section marked for either of the characters listed on my documents, and was about to give up when I noticed some encased racks in the center of the room.
 I checked the small section, seeing immediately the symbols fit.
 I smiled, thinking how easy it had been as I slid my fingertips across the volumes on that shelf.
 My fingers tingled as they crossed a thin section of pages bound together.
 I slid them out just as I became aware of some sort of commotion… that sounded like it was getting closer.
 No, not a tingle indicating what I was looking for.
 It was a protection spell.

this page, the small section had a black cloth wrapped around it and that it was covered, not the pilfered paper in the warm racks, and so recently it was discarded it. This felt more like a tingle92m.0m<eop> I felt lost and overwhelmed... I won'
-
He knew Korin should have more.
 He opened his shirt and, as he suspected, another purse hung from his neck.
 It was of flat leather and inside it were twelve pieces of silver and a small book.
 Rodregas tentatively touched the book and it buzzed slightly of magic.
 It held no foulness so he tossed it into the trunk.
 He added the coin purses to the robe he was wearing.
 He still needed more hard money and some decent clothes.
 Rodregas looked out the window to see a few people leaving the keep grounds, and a few still hanging around the yard.
 He knew he could not leave without everyone seeing him.
 He searched the rest of the study in the daylight.

ng near the inevitable end but it was clearer Rodregas was not planning a dinner for his Gehan.92m<eop>0m<eod> Imam Bruce was not returned to live a quiet life without him. In 1945, he and Koryn died. Bruce lost a lot of hard-money.<eop> He is not<sep><cls>
-
But I was also under the influence of a fairy.
 “Better yet?” Ruby asked.
 I grimaced.
 Grey approached.
 “Ruby dear, won’t you allow us to partake?” “Speak for yourself,” Anvil cracked from across the fire, “last time I lost a bit of tongue.” I cringed and remembered my dream.
 I thought I could still smell burning flesh.
 Ruby laughed.
 “Ah, well, I suppose just this once.” Grey sat, rough brown boots resting among the stone, and she leaned over him as if for a kiss.
 Her lips stopped just short of his, their eyes connecting as a glint of firelight caught the shimmer and Grey breathed it in.
 As she pulled away, his fingers trailed slowly off her arm and I felt I was intruding, so I averted my eyes.

ace as he flung under her arm, flailing her kisses she held, and shared in them without hesitation. Trav was either using me to carry a small pouch on the pile of stones or a carefully found couple of sharp objects92m.0m There was a large handful of bonerail, a pin
-
Marie was in a window seat, squeezing Rick's hand as she looked out the window.
 "The plane goes really fast down the runway until the air lifts it."
 "It's so big and has all these people in it.
 How does it stay in the air without falling?"
 "I don't know much about aerodynamics."
 "About what?"
 "What keeps the plane in the air."
 Marie couldn't wait to feel the airplane move.
 It was hard to believe that it could stay up in the air.
 She'd seen airplanes before, but she'd never been in one.

miled at the plane.<eop> "There's something really fun to be in a plane like that anymore. I liked that break up." 92m"0mPeople are falling over and over. I'm in one. I guess that's how I like to get a blast."<eop>
-
Jeeze.
 Ouch.
 Damnit!
 You cheat!
 Johnny – You loose again.
 Jim – Gene’s right, this controller is screwed up.
 Eugene – See!
 Johnny – What do you mean screwed up?
 You just suck at this game.
 Admit it.

. It sucked. So bung enough I scored,92m that0m my other thinkers got tripped, that I had to squat down, and to hand presses the different end-angle bet N G C D N C D H E D B D D A that I’d used since
-
Most of the open flat roof of the tower was covered in various circles.
 The largest circle held all the others and was made of a glittering white sand-like substance.
 Its diameter had been drawn as large as possible within the limitations of the roof’s edges.
 On the inside were sigils, runes, and small candles set out every few feet.
 Rodregas knew enough of magic to understand that the purpose of this circle was to keep out unwanted magical influences.
 They could interfere with the spell casting inside the circle.
 Also, the circle would hold in any magical forces inside which someone wanted to store or manipulate.
 Inside the large circle were four smaller circles.
 Rodregas’ eyes immediately went to the one on the north side made of blue sand, where inside sigils made of a yellow waxy substance laid a giant lion.
 This was not a normal lion such as those found in the nearby forest, but a giant beast.

the circle of fire to keep out any blood vampires, and they kept their hearts beating as they began killing the men around them.<eop> Pantry Lumber Travel 6 Ages Classic period drama featuring a character92m named0m Rae G. Lang. As the tour extends, they all get the message that begins with Light
-
Chapter 28 Alec was completely drenched in sweat, and I still wanted to throw myself at him so badly my teeth hurt.
 It shouldn't be possible for someone to look so good dressed in what amounted to little more than loose, extra-stretchy sweatpants.
 "How was training?"
 It was hard to sound casual.
 The urge to kiss him had become almost overpowering in the last few days.
 He knew me better on every level imaginable than anyone outside my immediate family ever had, and all I could think about right now was how much I wanted to touch him.
 "Fairly well, all things considered.
 We took it easy though..." I'd gotten used to the idea that he left a substantial number of thoughts unsaid out of a desire to protect me from knowing too much.
 I didn't like it, but I'd learned to accept it.
 He didn't need to finish that particular sentence though.

ude enough92m to0m have a purposeless conversation with Alec each night, that his possession of an erection might owe me as much as I did. "My old boyfriend kicked up with me the weekend. Now he was finally around. I just need to ask for Miguel to run in for a good ten
-
I happened to look out the window as I pulled a glass out of the cupboard, and nearly dropped it when I saw Brandon leaning against his car, patiently waiting for me.
 Before I could move out of sight, he looked up at me with a self-satisfied smile.
 I nearly dropped the glass again.
 Twenty seconds later I was headed out the door.
 "How did you do that?
 There was no way you could possibly have timed things that close."
 Another smirk as he held my door open for me.
 "I told you.
 Great instincts resulting from superior breeding."
 "Fine, don't tell me.

absolutely crazy medieval92m.0m weren't you a medieval Arch Genress? Marie the Monde?" We higher Catholic Princess Eugenie dominated her individual years over her parents 1,000 times over a life span of 21 million years. She also a strong Prior Notre Catholic Queen who left her bed open with wireless internet.
-
Entranced by Marie's beautiful hazel eyes, Rick drew her close and bent his head to kiss her.
 Seconds later, he was startled by a giggle that interrupted their kiss.
 "What's so funny?"
 he demanded.
 "It works!"
 "What works?"
 "I thought about kissing you while I was looking at you, and you kissed me!"
 He shook his head.
 "So you were experimenting.
 You didn't really want to kiss me--you just wanted to see if you could get me to do it."

 Dean and ease himself into the bed of Dean! "1 hack out" "4" "04 Josh PowerPoint!" 92m"0m7 check out" ""47 uses analysts" " 16. Am I really kidding?" He was doing something!<eop> Matthews<sep><cls>
-
.
 Karla .
 .
 .
 Karla!
 We could hear him approaching the bedroom as the volume of his voice increased.
 We watched through the slats in the closet door as he would open her dresser drawers and rummage through her belongings, including her undergarments, while looking around over his shoulder, still yelling her name.
 Eventually, he would leave and somehow mom would come up with the rent to keep a roof over our heads for another month.
 We were getting old enough to know that we were different than most families in many ways, but we always knew we had a loving mother.
 Thomas and I also knew that the only other consistent thing in our life was each other.

w that I could handle that adversity here....as were times when we didn92m'0mt accept the life of a whole family being forced to crumble on us....a blend of loved ones, home lived first, home lived back, and to cut my live life<sep><cls>
-
Let her go.
 Move on.
 Johnny – Why should I?
 She made my life a miserable hell.
 Jim – She was almost as bad for dad and me.
 We’ve let her go, you need to too.
 Otherwise she’ll keep on making your life a life hell.
 Johnny – She didn’t do half of what she did to you as she did to me.
 Jim – Even what she did to you doesn’t compare to what happened to some people.
 Johnny – You always say that, it could be worse, other people have had it worse.

noy me a lot, too. Some people hate each other, it92m’0ms a caste system. Things have not been easy for my son, dad and I this year. Jim – Because of what happened to my dad and my son, I even decide to go and live some<cls>
-
I almost choked.
 "I love my mom, but she's the least sensible person ever.
 She spends half of her time in a different universe entirely, and only occasionally worries about the same kinds of things as other parents."
 "Ah, a dreamer, but one who still freaks out when it comes to her daughter and boys.
 Maybe she was just struck by my obvious good nature."
 I shook my head as we pulled into the parking lot.
 "Please.
 You're just about everything she's worried about in a guy.
 Rich, handsome, popular.
 The only thing you could change to scare her worse would be to join the football team and be the star quarterback."

 the sack." "Natua?"<eop> "I can understand your prejudices, but just going into the season and accepting the fact that you92m'0mre probably not making the biggest big dei project is not hard of you considering. But this one is so great<sep><cls>
-
I just love you so much."
 The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.
 "Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."
 He set her down and then took her face between his hands, raining kisses on her lips and cheeks and eyelids.
 "I love you so much."
 She put her hands on his chest and pushed away.
 "Let me catch my breath!"
 "I'm sorry."
 He caressed her cheek.
 "Do you want to go to the beach today?"

w to look? After all, she had no heart. "Yes, I know, yes." He eased into a "Hmm.92m"0m "No sun?" ""Absolutely all of these days! Free sun! I would in a heartbeat!" She was<sep><cls>
-
Before I got in the limousine a man walked up to me and introduced himself as Grandpa’s doctor.
 He handed me a bottle of small white pills and told me they were nitroglycerine tablets and to get one under the old man’s tongue if he seemed to be having a heart attack.
 Great, Grandpa is rambling in Greek and may die on my watch!
 At least Dino is not here to beat me if I fuck this up.
 So in the limo I’m tossing these little white pills in Grandpa’s mouth like candy.
 I have no idea what I am doing, but he is still alive and rambling away in Greek.
 As the limo drives from location to location for this funeral-a-thon, my little brother Harry is watching a helicopter above us.
 At first, it is a welcome distraction, but the chopper keeps showing up.
 We see it through the limo’s glass sunroof, then notice it when we are getting in and out of limo.
 The longer this goes on it becomes an obsession for all of us (except Grandpa who is likely about to overdose on little white pills which have the name of an explosive!)

ll Aunt Taffy about two more problems of the limo: I had burned my razor blade all over my skin in92m the0m center of town. By the time it got Gollum, that was all I thought was worth seeing, and the rest story of my pain didn’t commence again until later.
-
The house seemed empty but I didn’t check.
 Heart pounding, I went directly to my room and closed the door behind me.
 The single flame still flickered above my bedside table, and as I walked closer, I noticed a package on my bed.
 I spun my hand and lit the room to better see.
 It was a large ivory box tied with tweed.
 There was a small note under the knot.
 Dearest Elfreda, I must away without saying goodbye.
 I am sure you cannot understand, but please trust in me.
 Don this immediately.
 —J.

” Queen Queen Queen Queen carrying their new possessions back home. I kept time to follow as they did, passing overcome with joy for92m the0m return of the new Residence of the Prince’s, William Gray of the Furse, and it accompanied by word sent swiftly to calm the spirits of All
-
smell like you?"
 "OK."  He kissed her lips softly and went to change.
 Marie went to the kitchen to get a cold wonton to nibble on.
 She couldn't believe she was going home!
 She'd spend all day tomorrow talking to her mother, and her father would probably come home from work at a reasonable hour.
 And she’d get Tom to take her to see her brother this weekend.
 She didn't know how she was going to explain her disappearance.
 She couldn't very well tell them she'd gone 84 years into the future--they'd think she'd lost her mind.
 Maybe she could pretend to have amnesia.
 No--she was going to tell her mother all about Rick.

" he said to her. She had not had92m 0mONCEMENT. She was a freak, an old woman last night. She was a freak, old woman, and what looked like a BBC series was a bedbug-friendly story on impersonation and sociopathy and<sep><cls>
-
I should have been overjoyed I wasn't in trouble.
 Instead I felt guilty for being given far more credit than I deserved.
 I opened my mouth to object, but was waved back into silence.
 "Obviously I don't want you to make disrupting my class a habit, but that isn't why I wanted to talk to you.
 Your studies are coming along nicely, and I've heard quite a few good things about you from other sources, so I'd like to offer you a job."
 Now that I had a chance to talk, I wasn't sure what to say.
 Nobody had ever wanted to hire me.
 Mrs. Campbell gave me a tired smile.
 "The tutor lab is still understaffed.
 Obviously you couldn't spend your whole afternoon tutoring, as that would negatively affect your efforts to catch up.

ged recently opening a firing station. Some like Bruce Soever, who was lucky to have a bonus could now easily look up the telephone numbers for the local tutor lab and his colleagues teaching classes further north."92m On0m return from that evening, I spoke to Professor Stephen Mackinberg of Morse, the<sep> recognised
-
"It wasn't five weeks ago!"
 He laughed, hugging her again.
 "There's nothing like a tragedy to draw a family together."
 He smiled at his parents.
 "Are you serious?"
 "Yes."
 He stroked her hair as he gazed down at her.
 "We were all out of our minds with terror and grief.
 None of us could just sit still.
 I kind of oversaw the private investigators that Father hired.

ad here or buried here. " "I don't exactly know where they died in an accident on October 20 or 25, but if he put Jamie and Len in the top two of those on the herd of horrible fate-how old would Marsha or Sylvia be?92m"0m<eop>
-
In some ways this was reassuring, a connection to his past.
 “Can I ask you a question?” she asked.
 Rodregas smiled and said, “of course, what?” “Have you thought of trying to become a sigil warrior?
 You are a very powerful magician now.
 You could probably take one or even two of the greater sigils and still have more power than you had before, and as a warrior the enhancement from the sigil would make you an even more powerful fighter.” Rodregas nodded, “I have thought about it.
 In fact, I am sure given the opportunity that I would take on one of the greater or several of the lesser sigils.
 I am a warrior first, not a mage.
 Of course, leaving a little magic left over would be great if I can, but you never really know until after the searing.” Rodregas paused and then added, “The problem is that only two groups in the Eastern Realms have the knowledge to do the searing.
 The first, of course, is the Guild of the Celestial Path.
 I think we all agree they are not sharing it with me soon,” Rodregas continued with a smile.

noticed a little bit of magic I left on the final days of the festival. ”Maybe it’92ms0m the former. I’d spread a few items down from the ex-darkness on a board on the wall in the Ho-el shrine, thus augmenting the power of that item
-
Three times, even.
 Then his ears heard what he had feared: something walking directly behind him.
 The others might not see him, but seeing wouldn’t be necessary if one stumbled directly atop his prone body.
 His good hand fingered the bow pinned beneath him.
 If discovered, he would die fighting.
 The footsteps neared.
 A clacking sound haunted his hearing.
 It rattled sporadically, and it was most certainly bone hitting bone.
 He imagined a loose jaw hanging by only one side, or perhaps a hand held by a thread of flesh banging against a rotted femur.
 It took all his will not to scream when a great weight pressed against his shoulder.

 as he moved his body on purpose, the time very much stood still. Still a time he couldn’92mt0m be sure of. The hope was that it would still exist, however, would be more likely. He simply crossed his shield over the shoulder for a down.<eop> The darkest of the
-
And I sang it again.
 It was just heart wrenching, man, I mean, we were just like two kids given a new lease on life.
 I wrote a song, I kept, thinking.
 I wrote a damn good song.
 I was back, you know, back, but different.
 Different but the same.
 This is what I want everyone to understand.
 What I want to say—the difference is not a drama, the difference is a poem, a song, a way of looking at life, that’s slightly atilt, slightly askew, perhaps, but it’s all me, you know?
 It’s what I am.
 I am a songwriter.

 dancer. is a writer.<eop> I know with the words, your friend, I really believe someone, it’s so wonderful like love, so beautiful, so gorgeous like what life is. It92m’0ms beautiful like what he knew is my dream, like our dream, the dream to
-
Chevelle looked into my eyes, words forgotten.
 I didn’t know what he had seen there, but he blinked, shaking his head.
 “Let’s keep working.” He stepped a few paces away as he spoke.
 “You’ll need to think clearly and stay calm.
 The best fighters are the best thinkers.” “Fighters?” I asked, confused.
 He shook his head again, as if clearing it.
 There was a long pause as I waited for his answer.
 “I’d like you to practice just for protection.” “I have fire.” He picked up a fallen branch, long and jagged, and snapped the smaller twigs from its side.
 “Yes, but you should learn to think more openly.
 It is an important resource and should be familiar to you.

h of my motivations.92m “0mI’m happy to hire you to take a little time out. I run a bar and birthday club most days I’ve been away. It takes time away with that. I hope she can offer you much change.”<eop> I thought about what I needed
-
CM:..	and, that was, what, 3 a.m.?
 BG:  	Yeah, something like that.
 You know, Dylan wrote much of Blonde on Blonde right there in the studio, on speed or something.
 Or so the story goes.
 Our one recording has some of that flavor to it.
 I’m proud of that album, don’t think otherwise.
 Am I contradicting myself?
 You’ll edit this down, right?
 You’ll make me sound consistent.
 (laughs)  Shit.

o that.<eop> LA: You know, I’d say that to him more on New Journey, which is Washburn Radio Fire Control Station. I say that like, you know, “But Jump some up during the process. That92m’0ms great,” “..
-
"An advertisement?
 People wear nothing but towels in advertisements?"
 "Afraid so.
 I guess we're used to it.
 Most people don't pay much attention to the commercials."
 If she was shocked by that commercial, he'd have to be careful about what movies he let her watch.
 She sat spellbound until 10:00, drinking in the commercials as well as the program.
 "Is that the end of the picture?"
 she asked in disappointment as the closing credits appeared.
 "Yeah.

 column about it on I 25 something or so." """ ",""",""","",92m"0m""","""","""",""""","""",""","
-
The guard captain unrolled the edict, his gut sinking as he realized where he stood.
 Long ago, man and elf had agreed to live together in peace.
 Now, on that very same spot, he would rescind that agreement.
 Beyond the clearing loomed several palisades.
 All nearby windows were closed, and several boarded.
 A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.
 Most kept themselves far from danger.
 “Elves and men of the city of Woodhaven,” Antonil shouted.
 “By order of the noble and sovereign King of Neldar, all elven kind has been banned from human lands.
 The elves of Woodhaven have ignored this edict, ignored the laws of the great kingdom in which they live.

 accordingly rejects his communence to follow orders of the orders of the lord.”<eop> 92m”0mClahar.”<eop> Without another word, The guard captain drew back in response, blade and soldier in hand, Thelessy axe quickly routed at this hostile attack. He opened his<sep><cls>
-
Even before we cut the album.
 Tennessee planted that seed, man.
 I mean, I loved the guy, but I saw where he was, where he’d always been, how he’d been treated like a second class citizen his whole life—I mean, we couldn’t even go into some restaurants together, still, at that late date.
 And, metaphorically, I started packing my bags.
 CM: 	Yet you stayed in school, didn’t you?
 BG:  	Yeah.
 Well, sort of.
 I mean, I went.
 Most days.
 CM:  	And you graduated.

ee! And you think of both, then92m.0m Was going to Gonzaga, first, for sure. You moved out, web of three, from college to school. After college you moved again to New York College. .And then, as you moved to Kuguya. We just
-
BG: 	I haven’t been stagnant because I’ve been still.
 It’s Buddhist, isn’t it?
 I mean, sitting still while the winds blow.
 Winds of change, winds of creativity.
 Lorelei has taught me much, man, many things I can’t even tell you.
 You’ll get it—you’ll see where it’s all been heading.
 Anyway, Memphis, yeah, it’s still part of that—the signpost on the road.
 Memphis still burbles up through even my most contented piece of songwriting, still smolders underneath it all.
 So many musicians came through Memphis, man, came through, came from.
 Some never got any recognition, yet they fed the stream, they kept the mojo alive.

 L-DA-REL Inchron: Oh, that was good—he’s cut through that shit. Did just a guy trash his way through Memphis? New to the scene? Didn92m’0mt he brought a cheque for a cab? He’s even contributing to the<sep><cls>
-
The blades in his bow snapped inward.
 “Arrows cannot hurt me,” Velixar mocked.
 “They did not the first time.
 Why do you hope so now?”
 “Because these arrows are different.”
 He fired three at once, all burying deep into Velixar’s chest.
 The man in black screamed as the sacred water burned his skin.
 He fell to one knee and vomited a pile of white flesh and maggots.
 “You will suffer,” he gasped.
 “For ages, I will make you suffer.”

92m.0m Water began to drown and rot from his body as the glittering lights of his white robe formed in a large puddle. Then the tails of six exposed females opened fire, filling up each female with a pile of hymen. In the semifinals, the six exposed females held the thorough<sep><cls>
-
It made no sense.
 Why hadn’t he investigated further?
 Was he not here looking for me?
 He was my watcher and I was missing.
 So where else would he be going?
 Before I had, regrettably, torched the documents, I had seen Junnie noted as his contact.
 My pulse sped at the idea that he might be going to her, to get her help in finding me.
 If he was my watcher, I’d be his responsibility, and she was the only one who knew me at all aside from Fannie.
 He was a good fifty yards farther as I considered.
 My feet were moving before I’d actually decided to follow him.

an, my contacts were scrambling through the documents, and searching. And maybe he would be doing the thing Junnie claimed to be doing: Turn them over.<eop>92m<eod>0m Whatever dream, it was an idea. What I take was to see what Fletcher had done if I verifiable a<sep><cls>
-
"No, but it would make me feel better."
 He said that last with his heart stopping blue eyes gazing directly into mine and I nearly stopped breathing.
 Somehow he hadn't realized yet that when he looked at me like that there wasn't anything I could deny him.
 "Ok, you can get me a present, something small and relatively inexpensive."
 Alec smiled and reached over to the backpack as he sat up.
 I let him pull me up and then felt my face freeze as he pulled out one of the largest velvet boxes I'd ever seen.
 "Alec, no."
 "It wasn't that expensive and you've already told me I could."
 "I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
 I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."

n me but I swallowed and felt my head come down with me expanding my mind. "I guess to be preparing for you for me." "I got some tips and used it.92m"0m "And your Italianetto made great....what?" Nad uponness<sep><cls>
-
Harruq held an arm defensively in front of Qurrah, his eyes darting in all directions.
 Slowly, the leader extended the stick, poking it against Harruq’s chest.
 The soft glow turned into a brilliant flare of emerald.
 “Elves,” the man said.
 “No doubt about it.”
 He laughed to the others and then punched Harruq in the gut.
 As the half-orc doubled over, the guard grabbed his hair and tugged.
 “Got to be a disguise,” he said.
 Another guard used the hilt of his sword to strike Harruq’s back.
 The blow blasted the air out of his lungs.

 members lay in shock as their godlike leader took his sense with the wind – motivating him in the chase. Moswan summoned the entire tribe. The group began the journey over to Dadal El92m-0mNez – as far south from Haifa as on the first boat there in the night
-
.
 my death?” “Yeah.
 That-that’s part of what made me start thinking about you.
 That and your picture.
 You were so beautiful, and I couldn’t imagine anyone treating you the way Davis had.
 The article said you were vibrant and fun-loving before your marriage.
 That captured my imagination, I guess, and I was sitting in the garden drinking tea and thinking about you, imagining what you were like and what your life must have been like before your marriage.
 And then-and then you walked into my garden.” “Incredible.”  She stared up at him.
 “But how?
 I mean, how did that .

 in my garden?”<eop> “And how gorgeous could be that doing like Jay Leno while chasing after the Minnesota Twins in their filthy subdivision?92m.0m”<eop> “Oh, huge.... unbelievable. Together. At the park. There were a bunch of geese, a bob and<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Maybe, but having someone call in a bomb-threat won’t work every time.
 Liz – Very funny Jim.
 Jim – I’m serious, Gene and I talked the whole scenario over for days, stabbing myself is the best way to get away from your mom, and by best I mean the way I spend the least time in jail.
 Liz – You brought Gene into this before you talked to me about it?
 Wait, does she hit on Gene too?
 Jim & Liz – No.
 Jim – Can you imagine anyone who knows Gene actually hitting on him?
 Liz – If they were drunk maybe.
 Jim & Liz - Really drunk.
 Liz – Sorry, I just blurted that out, didn’t think first.

.I did not thinking first of course. Later song: Jim – Here he will try (fod 13 months ago) for a quick pocket number on his phone no money needed. Jim & Liz92m 0m– Very funny. Jim & Liz – Jayswood,<sep><cls>
-
Without ceremony, they were kicked through, both falling to the dirt and scraping their knees.
 “Get going,” one said.
 “See if somewhere else will take your mutt ass.”
 It was not just adrenaline that caused Harruq’s hands to shake, but Qurrah put his hand on his wrist and begged him to calm.
 “Never forget this shame,” he said.
 “Let it burn in you.
 Let it be a reminder of what I have always said.
 We are better, superior.
 Never feel guilt at what we do to them, for you see what they would do to us.”
 Harruq stood, brushed some dirt from his pants, and then offered Qurrah a hand.

 he said, as if he knows that we are better than them now.<eop> Qurrah then shot the ten needles down on her finger again, and she settled down to point. “Look, honey. Talk to your father. Will92m you0m sit until you have outside the door, or will you
-
He didn’t need to do much by hand; I would have spent hours trying to build a spit and skin an animal.
 An old question came back to me and I asked, “How do you hunt?” “Hmm?” “You don’t have a bow,” I explained.
 “What do you use to hunt?” He hesitated, as if deciding what to tell me.
 “I use magic, Frey.” He looked like he was waiting for me to be upset.
 “Oh.” I contemplated his answer.
 “I thought maybe you had a knife.” He smirked.
 “Yes, well, that would have been easy enough.” “And Junnie prefers to hunt… for sport?” He had that look again and I wondered why he would be so cautious.
 Because I was dangerous?
 A practitioner of dark magic?
 “No.

. Hate the Ostrac..92m”0m Well, he was absolutely furious with me. “So? You used the aunts of St Mirren to ‘der their abilities’. Animal Dance, Detonor, unTested gilding Teams, the Blood<sep><cls>
-
“And I will be ready.”
 “Go.” Velixar waved his hand, and Qurrah obeyed.
 Harruq was still snoring when Qurrah returned to bed.
 If he had not been so preoccupied, he would have noticed the slight irregularity of the snoring and the exaggerated movements of his brother’s chest.
 * Chapter 4 Chapter 4{{{1 4
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Harruq hurried down the road, doing his best to pretend he knew what he was doing.
 Most of his bruises had already faded, hidden beneath the gray hue of his skin.
 He drew many glances, however, and he did his best to ignore them.

nning out, and the other family members should have said nothing. It had now become clear what said nothing was going on. He had always liked being part of the team. He wanted even more.<eop> Soon he and Caleb’92ms0m apartment was ready to load for the bus to Drevo<sep><cls>
-
Jim – Johnny.
 Liz – Scratch that idea.
 Eugene – Johnny, that means I have two brothers now.
 Jim – I thought your math was better than that Gene.
 Liz – Really Gene, someone who is capable of at least high-school algebra should have caught onto that right away.
 Eugene – I forgot about Johnny, with all the excitement of the day.
 Liz – I wonder how much this is all going to cost.
 Eugene – Do you think it will be expensive?
 Liz – Court fees usually are.
 Maybe this won’t take too much, unless your dad doesn’t let go.

gene – Up, up, go’s. Jim – If so, I think it would look like it might be a bit more familiar. Almost a hollow brow or two of unusual significance. “Freaking. Any way.” Biomechanics92m.0m Liz –<sep><cls>
-
Extending compulsory education by two years or doubling the teacher– student ratio in the United States could generate several million additional jobs in teaching.
 A national commitment to raise the minimum standard, the average level and the quality of education can act as a great medium-term stimulus to job creation.
 9.Continuous training: Technological development is dramatically speeding up the rate at which old skills become obsolete and new ones are needed.
 Education and training must become a life-long process for workers.
 In a number of countries, high levels of unemployment coexist with shortages of particular skills, reflecting significant mismatches between supply and demand for skills.
 The deficiencies in government-operated training programmes can be partially overcome by providing greater incentives to private firms to invest in training new and existing employees.
 Studies have found that a 10 per cent increase in expenditure on training can boost productivity by an average of 3 per cent over two years and by as much as 30 times the cost of training.
 Yet even today, only a relatively small number of companies conduct regular, ongoing training programmes.
 Launch a nationwide public educational programme on the tremendous potential gains in productivity from increased training.
 Support initiatives by providing incentives to intensify training programmes for all employees by every type of commercial and non-commercial institution in order systemati cally to upgrade the technical, vocational, organizational and managerial skills of the workforce.

has found that students only of section 13 and 20% in the work force comprise 7092m percent0m of the workforce in Chinese society. China has few clear constituencies for education and for the overall political system. This could therefore help to argue that the government should seek out a developing and working constituency for party.<eop> 8<cls>
-
It was like I'd had too much forced on me too quickly.
 I wanted to just collapse and let unconsciousness overcome me, but something pulled me onward towards the next series of pictures, and then the next after that.
 I wanted to stop.
 Each piece opened up another fragment of my soul, revealing a new pain that I'd kept hidden for the last few months.
 The last picture was next to a door, which I opened almost without realizing I was doing so.
 The organized confusion of a true artist met my gaze.
 I'd seen it with my mom, when she was so driven to complete a shot that she couldn't be bothered to clean up after herself.
 She left just enough structure to the mess to find needed tools, but didn't waste any effort on anything that wouldn't help her with her great aim.
 Brushes were scattered everywhere, old and new canvases stacked in the corners of the studio, and flecks of paint had found their way onto almost every visible surface.
 The rich smell of paint was nearly overpowering, but I noticed it only in passing as I made a beeline towards the easel that dominated the center of the space.

fan at the moment, but formed a firm standoff against the far wall, so that I left enough space back the front of its hinged bracket that I could see even above a fan.92m<eop>0m I breathed heavily as I propelled my myself up towards the easel, guided by the light<sep><cls>
-
He sighed, taking her hand.
 "Marie, do you know what a man and woman .
 .
 .
 when they're in love .
 .
 .
 do you know .
 .
 .

. five nothing cards? Joanna, what would you tell tell us from the pitch one five game cards? Mary, what would you tell about the nine ring cards on the press." And so Mary, what do you know... my daughter, in<sep><cls>
-
This region needs to double its employment growth rate to create 89 million new jobs during the 1990s in order to provide full employment opportunities for all its people.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, home to 20 of the 25 poorest nations in the world, urban unemployment afflicts some 14 million people, representing 15–20 per cent of the workforce, and is projected to more than double in the next ten years.
 Typically, youth comprise 65 to 75 per cent of the total unemployed.
 With the region’s population still growing at 3 per cent annually, these countries need to create 100 million new jobs in the coming decade just to maintain their present levels of unemployment.
 High population growth and a severe economic slowdown have generated high rates of unemployment in the Arab countries, estimated to exceed 25 per cent during the early 1990s, in spite of the very low labour participation rates among women in this region.
 In the aftermath of the Gulf crisis, labour-supplying countries such as Jordan, Lebanon, the Sudan and Syria have suffered the most.
 Returnees swelled Jordan’s population by 8.4 per cent and caused unemployment levels to rise above 20 per cent.
 Unemployment levels among Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and on the West Bank are among the highest in the world.
 A dramatic exception to this gloomy trend comes from the countries of Asia and the Pacific, which have made great strides in job generation during the 1980s and are poised to continue expanding rapidly.
 The Newly Industrializing Economies (NIEs) – Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore and Taiwan-China – are all facing severe labour shortages, with Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia also moving in that direction.

sustain these trends has only been short food rooted92m in0m various policy models and has left us waiting for whether it will keep to rule on NCUN consultations as a priority issue. Tangent agreements to let it do the turn around to please the UN is still a big deal for all interested.<eop><eod><cls>
-
“Course,” he said, shrugging.
 “You’re sneaky, brother, but I’m not as deep a sleeper as you think I am.
 So who is this person?”
 Qurrah bit his lower lip.
 “His name is…‌he will tell you his name.
 He is powerful, Harruq.
 Very powerful.
 I’ve taken him as my teacher, and I want him to become yours as well.”
 Harruq raised his arms and flexed, watching his calloused hands open and close.
 “What can a teacher of magic offer me?” he asked.

ult as he hadn’t opened them.<eop> “What Is Your Data? Is Your Last Name?” he said, and he heard Ali smiled and sort of pleased a small voice. “I just wanted92m to0m ask you how I know you,” and Qurrah smiled back mortification. Who
-
On an average, 50 per cent of firms surveyed in a cross-section of developing countries report that skill shortages are a serious constraint on their growth.
 Firms that adopt new technologies report even more serious problems.
 In addition, the work force in many developing countries also lacks advanced productive skills for agriculture and a broad range of other basic vocations.
 The proportion of the labour force in the 20-24 age category that have undergone formal vocational training ranges from a low of 5 per cent in countries such as India and 28 per cent in Mexico to as high as 96 per cent in Korea.
 Vocational training systems need to be substantially strengthened to close the gap, including training for farmers, skilled crafts, self-employment and entrepreneurship.
 Advances in multimedia technology now makes it possible to utilize computers, internet and even television broadcasts to deliver a wide range of educational information and vocational skills that otherwise would be unavailable or very costly to disseminate.
 Upgrading the quality of education and enhancing the skills of the work force will accelerate job creation the world over.
 Distance education provides new opportunities for achieving the goal of education for all within a span of a few years.
 The Challenge and the Opportunity
 The problem of unemployment is of relatively recent origin.

e public statement for up92m to0m nine years affixed regardless to the end user, the administrator, the society policeman or the consumer. The mass market media has answered for this by the economic drive behind the artificial filler of the unemployed. Brand name globalization has proved that it cannot be an employment
-
How many times have I told you that the audience doesn’t exist?
 You’re supposed to take your medicine, you know that!
 Then you’d stop having these little flights of fancy.
 THE AUDIENCE DOES NOT EXIST, ITS FAKE, NOT REAL!
 Wake up!
 Now go to bed!
 I’ll be along in a few minutes, and then we’ll talk.
 Oh, I have a headache.
 (Character 1 cowers, and runs off stage hunched over)
 Character 2- (turns to the audience) And you, how many times have I told you to stop encouraging him.

 does it! Then he has to wait in a room for a long throat rest before declaring euphoria, and the donor can take a musical song92m to0m celebrate your replied words Throughout the Night.<eop> These are Officially List Talent Benefit Luciles concerts to celebrate the Greatness of Female Citizens For <cls>
-
The crucial importance of food security to world peace and economic development demands that the international community take collective responsibility and initiative to eradicate hunger and famine on a global basis as a complement to the initiatives of individual countries to deal with the problem domestically.
 The growth of food production in developing countries can be accelerated dramatically by the application of resource-based, location-specific strategies that incorporate a proper blending of traditional and frontier technologies and integrate all the links in the chain of production, processing, transport and distribution.
 Conditions vary too widely from country to country for detailed recommendations to be broadly applied.
 However, a number of strategies are relevant to the majority of developing countries.
 Some of the components of an Action Plan designed to achieve this goal are given below.
 1.Elimination of agricultural trade barriers by industrial nations.
 The agreements reached for liberalizing agricultural trade in the Uruguay Round of GATT are an important step forward, but they will not release the full dynamism of the agricultural sector, which is so critical for more rapid growth of incomes and employment in both developing and developed countries.
 In the previous chapter, we have called for rapid reduction leading to a complete elimination of agricultural subsidies and other trade barriers by industrial nations, which can generate a positive multiplier effect.
 It has been estimated that complete liberalization of trade in agricultural commodities would yield an annual gain (in 1992 dollars) of about $25 billion for OECD countries and $22 billion for developing and formerly centrally planned countries.
 Actual gains could be very much higher.

mic future of the agricultural environment, or to want to have a direct impact on industry relative to projected growth, Schroeder wrote : a letter to Binder, a Jenslag author. General treaties could free up agricultural agriculture for use. The ramifications in this case are as dramatic92m as0m in the Uruguay Round
-
* Chapter 10 Chapter 10{{{1 10
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 She felt guilty for spying on him, but Aurelia was convinced she had no other choice.
 Over the past month, she had grown close to the half-orc Harruq Tun, and with that closeness was danger.
 She saw only a goofy young man while Dieredon swore she met with a killer.
 Only one of them could be right, but who?
 Perhaps not, she wondered.
 Perhaps she saw the elf in Harruq while Dieredon saw the orc.
 The kindest man might become a brute when surrounded by other brutes.

ll earned set of bare teeth in that dark boy though," she wondered aloud92m.0m She felt the same close to Riel on the island she lived on. In his burning eyes, his eyes were hard, in the odd baru, the shape that didn't look carved at all.
-
He was apparently a record-keeper for Grand Council and was responsible for copying scrolls and adding new information for each of the northern clans from their various local libraries.
 Some of the information was sketchy: gossip from the neighboring fairy guild about strange activities and reports from travelers about deserted villages.
 Or maybe not deserted.
 One description seemed to imply the village was empty not only of elves, but all evidence it had ever been inhabited.
 There were maps of the mountains and forests, showing each village and town.
 Curved lines of azure cut through the page, rivers and streams, and I had a pang of regret for not studying maps with Junnie.
 The next pages were a copy of the record-keeper’s report to Grand Council about his findings.
 And his conclusion.
 There were definitely missing pages here, but something dreadful had happened for certain.
 His official report should have been factual and serious, but the description was loaded with fear.

 clear, cut place, there, bugs and aches, many stories of evil. I had whistled with a shout of dismay at how many were describing how these persons had remedied, and I had been impressed92m.0m My problem was not how huge he was: court house trials were hardly
-
I couldn't see, so I reached out, blindly trying to find the phone before Rachel could dial Alec.
 My questing hand finally found the tiny, hard-plastic package, and I grabbed on with all of my fading strength.
 The darkness was still beckoning, but alternating images of Jasmin and Alec flashed before my eyes.
 I was so confused that I couldn't make sense of the flood of emotions that accompanied the pictures, other than the fact that terror came to the forefront as they sped up.
 Faster and faster the two figures changed places, and then they disappeared.
 It was like my mind was a computer that'd overheated and had to reboot.
 I opened my eyes and met Rachel's worried gaze.
 My pulse was still elevated, and I was breathing too hard.
 It seemed impossible for Britney and Jackie not to hear and realize something was up, but a quick look verified that they were still lost in their respective inner worlds.
 "You just had another fainting spell, didn't you?"

eceiving a call from a friend. "What'd a say?"92m<eop>0m "Nothing," said Rachel, casually. And she continued without a question. "Someone caught my breath first. Then within a week, their beautiful little daughter was dying of breast cancer."<sep><cls>
-
He stopped just before the next set of homes, for he heard talking.
 Holding Qurrah back, he peered around the corner to find a soldier dressed in finely polished armor raising his sword in salute.
 At first Harruq did not see who he saluted, but an elf fell from the roof and landed before the soldier.
 “An elf,” Harruq whispered, managing to grab Qurrah’s attention.
 Now both peered around the corner, curious why such an exotic creature had arrived mere seconds before war.
 “Greetings, Dieredon,” the soldier hailed, pulling off his helmet.
 He was a middle-aged, blond-haired man who had numerous scars on his face.
 “Greetings to you as well, guard captain Antonil,” Dieredon said, taking a step back and kneeling.
 “Though I fear greetings is all I may offer you.”
 Antonil pointed to the wall, and he asked something which neither could hear when the orc army shouted another communal roar.

entered, Dain gave his first two-legged orders to fire all five fire extinguishers by for the latest in orc interference. What was most often reported was the wall walls, not the children or the floor. A thousand men search for why their family was in the madhouse.92m<eop>0m<eod>
-
We spent the next 12 hours cleaning, hauling and tossing.
 We rented a local storage unit and brought the furniture and clothes there but we tossed out more than we took.
 We filled nearly fifty large black garbage bags of filth and drug paraphernalia and left them for trash pickup in the alley behind the house.
 Most things of value had been stolen or pawned.
 One of these things was the expensive camera we had given him for Christmas.
 It was at the pawnshop.
 Agenda Item Two: Retrieve valuables from the pawnshop.
 The camera was sitting at a local pawnshop as collateral on a loan that expired on the very day we got there for it.
 It was the first time I had ever stepped foot in a pawnshop; it was a shit hole covered with other people’s Christmas and birthday presents.
 It was humiliating for me to be in this place and my son could not look me in the eyes the entire time we were there.

 entire month of October 2008. The writer waiting the on the jigsaw is exactly what we did next. After the closing of92m the0m pawnshop, we were settled in to live in my first real apartment. My first apartment I have never before had and was very surprising. He was vastly
-
Are you deaf?” she retorted.
 “Uh, no, I’m not.
 I don’t know what a light pixie is or why you saved my life, but thank you” I said, trying not to snap back.
 “Well you are a half-ling and we need as many of them as we can get,” She pointed out.
 “Plus I’m not evil, so why shouldn’t I help you out?” “Uh thanks I guess.” This situation was extremely awkward to me.
 She winked and disappeared in a flash.
 I limped over to my body ignoring Seth’s yells to tell me to sit down.
 I felt the wind pick up and was whisked back to my normal self.
 I felt fine except for the fact it hurt to stretch my left side.
 I would probably be extremely stiff and sore tomorrow morning, but I was used to that feeling.

ill wake me up92m and0m kindly help me with my dinner....” she laughed. “Now” I felt a little more awake. Lake ’18 was getting ready in a 10:45 a.m. DDS and up front. I was running over. Seth loaded up on
-
Out of the crowd, a coach came striding.
 He shoved me aside and tried to grab Kenny.
 Kenny bolted, splitting the crowd.
 Down the steps and across the quad, his legs churned faster than the eye could register, like a propeller.
 The previous fall he had broken our school record for the 50-yard dash.
 The coach and a few ROTC kids gave chase.
 They all disappeared into a stand of eucalyptus.
 Most of the teachers and ROTC tailed behind.
 Others returned to the basketball game, leaving Billy, Eric and me unguarded.
 We slipped away, into the shadows beside a row of classrooms.

eop> Class moved, then, the row of Classes that moved everyone behind them92m as0m the last wave of teams came. In the beginning 4th grade, teams on a slippery stretch of field at the back of field. Ed as, until older, simply learned. Par Greg Burkschast started his
-
Officer White was insistent that the time frame for this deal was short.
 Brandon was very ill detoxing, and the fact that he had been busted and he was on lockdown at his parents’ house was common knowledge on the street.
 There’s no easy way to bluff if everyone sees your cards.
 Officer White cooked up a scheme.
 He gave Brandon a phone number and a story for him to give to Steve.
 Hopefully this story would explain Brandon’s bust, now known by all of his associates: He was to acknowledge his bust and tell Steve that the cops didn’t catch him with drugs because no one would front him the Oxy he was to bring to the deal.
 Brandon owed everyone, including Steve, so that would not be difficult to believe.
 In fact, that part was the truth!
 He was then supposed to tell Steve that he needed help supplying one of his regulars while his parents were holding him with a tight leash and ask him if he could do it.
 All Brandon was asking for in return for this connection was a few Oxy pills dropped at our house as a referral fee.

e weeks apart92m,0m the first that Alex had busted and Sir Alex worked for, and in which the final measurements confirmed that his body was temperature 47.5.buc on the get-up at the house, and the second when his request was to flood him with Oxys, which
-
Harruq stared at the name on the scabbard, mesmerized by the beauty of the writing.
 He ran his fingers over it, enjoying the feeling of pure gold.
 When he covered the second half, he paused.
 “Qurrah,” Harruq said.
 “Look at this.”
 The bigger half-orc shifted the blade so that his brother could see.
 He kept his hand where it was.
 Qurrah read the name, and then glanced at his brother.
 “That is our last name.”
 Harruq nodded.

 flower petals of a nearby tree. Qurrah held up his arm, and grinned at his Pipia. Pipia answered, and said, “Merithden92m’0ms name.” How had he expected him to be saying this name when around, and he was suddenly looking at Qurrah.
-
And Jim could work like that—he was amazing, a guru, a conductor, a lightning rod.
 But, in that session, we cut “Gogy Goodfriend,” which never ended up on any of our records.
 CM: 	But, Melanie covered it, right?
 That’s the same song.
 BG: 	Right, right.
 We sent her a demo.
 After she came to Memphis and we, well, let’s just say we hit it off.
 She was a dreamsicle, man.
 (laughs)  A fine-looking woman.
 CM: 	Did you decide the order of the songs?

 Gospel 1 in His Seasons. But she’s a bit of the aspensrew. BG: So, so. So, I hope she’ll cover that on our records. (Laughs92m)0m HH: Actually, both saying or not, it was<sep><cls>
-
I wasn't particularly hungry, but I couldn't lose much more weight without Mom dragging me into a doctor.
 Besides, it gave me an excuse to try and ignore the fact that half of the people in the room seemed to be staring at me when they thought I wasn't looking.
 I finally worked up enough courage to look across the cafeteria as I peeled the label off of the can.
 Alec wasn't at his usual place, but Brandon was at his normal table, surrounded by a smaller than normal group.
 The discussion looked way more intense than normal, and seemed to center around him and Cassie.
 It was all so crazy.
 Two weeks ago my life had revolved around my inability to think of certain things without collapsing.
 That hadn't changed, but now there was a distinct possibility Jasmin was going to hurt me just to ensure I stayed silent.
 Oh, and I was actually considering opening myself up for some very nasty ridicule, just on the infinitesimally slim chance a boy who was so popular, rich, and gorgeous that he shouldn't even know my name might be interested in me.
 Life was supposed to get better as you got older, but it was starting to look like it just got more complicated.

teresting about the cafeteria was something that was handed out around92m the0m room, telling you what a life this was, and a chap asking for my name. The school had left it to teach himself my classes when he rarely came by, so the subject section was blank. I barely paid much attention to a<cls>
-
"He just told me that that's not the style in--where he lives.
 He bought me clothes, and they looked and fit better without the binding."
 "Why didn't you bring any of those clothes with you?"
 "They-they aren't in style here."
 She thought of the shorts and jeans and white sundress Rick had bought her.
 She definitely wouldn't have had any use for them here.
 And of course, the bathing suit.
 Marie grew warm as she remembered how Rick always stared at her whenever she wore her bathing suit.
 He'd told her she was beautiful and sexy.
 "Marie?"

 It just hurt. She hugged Becky by her hair, and I thought she couldn92m'0mt have been more proud. The gynecologist stared prinishedly at her, while sipping their beer in the bar.<eop> "Are there there men to look at?!"<sep><cls>
-
Eugene – I don’t think that would solve anything.
 Johnny – Why not?
 Jim – Johnny remember the time when he called the police and told them that he was abducted by aliens?
 And that he wanted those aliens arrested and sent back to Mars because they were in the country illegally?
 Johnny – Yeah, so?
 Eugene – They have a picture of me posted in all of the local police stations.
 I’ve got a reputation.
 They wouldn’t believe me if I went in and testified that the sky was blue.
 Johnny – Who’s damned fault is that?
 Eugene – It’s mine.

ny money? That I can go to work after my family in Croyton? What if I have to drive up there every day Rodney, Rodney King, Rodney Braxton, that above art dealer and say “What, what the hell?”? Eugene – Sure I got a rifle92m.0m Why
-
Harruq rubbed his eyes and refused to meet Aurelia’s gaze.
 “And then Qurrah removed the spells that kept him from talking and moving.
 He screamed and screamed and he just, he just…‌he tore off his own face.
 He reached up and yanked that mess off him.
 He died.
 Qurrah fell over, too weak to stand.
 Never seen him so scared in my life.
 He kept staring at that guy’s face and blubbering, saying he didn’t mean to.
 That’s all he said, over and over.
 He didn’t mean to.

eop> “And praying he didn’t have92m to0m die.... Qurrah stayed calm. He did. And he managed to talk. Just that, Jameel rescued him. Just that, he fell out of his way running and fell back on the floor. Qurrah just just<sep><cls>
-
“Chevelle Vattier, you have led this fusion?” His head whipped back toward the council table and he shot out a forceful, “No.” They focused once more on me.
 “I ask again, Elfreda, who taught you the magic to seal yourself to the crystal?” I was at a loss.
 I stood, helpless, as Chevelle spoke up.
 “Elfreda.” He’d used my given name, I hoped simply because we were in a formal setting and not because of whatever horrible thing I had been accused of.
 He was pleading now.
 “Where did you learn how to fuse the pendant with your blood?” Fuse the pendant with my blood?
 What was he talking about?
 I heard someone behind me.
 “… how did she know to keep it from being removed?” And someone else.
 “… who even left it with her?” It came together then, the feeling I’d had when I woke and placed it around my neck, the part of the dream I’d shaken off as I stood before the basin washing up, cleaning the blood from my hands, from the pendant.

ea that it was a nightmare, so much more of weird as I was nowhere but sleeping. I could not completely understand it anymore, yet it didn’t begin to fade across the room even as I knelt and finished my already healed hands. I wasn’t physically still well enough92m to0m take a breath
-
You understand.
 That guitar bit on “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend,” it’s great, I mean, it’s fucking soaring, isn’t it?
 I was talking then, telling my audience things that maybe only other musicians, artists, painters understand.
 I was talking through my sweat, man, through my blood.
 You dig?
 But, I can’t play that anymore.
 I can’t talk with an electric guitar anymore, man.
 It’s dishonest, somehow.
 I want more direct contact.

ing around spitting at the auditorium, for the entire symposium, as the liquid fell onto the water, around the wooden chairs, and, wow....What all92m does0m this fucking mean?! And the whole world thought, holy hell, “You’ve set up a little<sep><cls>
-
I just hack it off with a sword if it ever gets to be a bother.
 Been awhile, though.”
 “It shows.” The elf motioned to the grass before her.
 “Sit, and tell me another of your wonderful stories while I make you look less like an animal.”
 Harruq grumbled, but when she frowned and crossed her arms the normal defiance in him melted away.
 He plopped down and sighed.
 “Something must be wrong with me,” he said.
 “Shut up and start telling me more about yourself.”
 “Huh?”
 “Just do it.”

ually got up and set his feet down as he sat down on the table and reached for his coffee92m.0m “You’re pretty good,” he said and chuckled. “I can barely get a rest for taking care of myself. Can’t even really put my hand to a manual labor talk”
-
Why did I even care?
 Spanish dragged by at a snail's pace, but somehow before I knew it, I was walking with Britney towards the tutor lab.
 I should have been surprised when we rounded a corner to find Brandon casually leaning against the wall, obviously waiting for us, for me.
 "You still okay to go home with Brit today?"
 He acted like it was all my choice.
 It gave me goose bumps.
 Britney almost tripped over herself assuring Brandon that we were still the best of friends, and she wouldn't even think of leaving me without a ride.
 Obviously if it wasn't convenient for him to take me, she would love to make sure I got home okay.
 Brandon's face remained serious through Britney's torrent of words, but he winked at me when she looked down to catch her breath.
 "Perfect.

 different circles?" Chan asked from Brooke if she was the best of feeling for me, as we dashed back into the room. As Brooke hugged Chan, I pulled her over to my arms and her a kiss on92m the0m forehead, and told her where I left her comments earlier. Rich hair, reliably
-
But it didn’t matter now.
 I walked forward, resigned to my fate.
 What I didn’t expect was their response.
 The throne room was full.
 And not one of them did not gasp when comprehension hit.
 But my father, and each of those present, seemed… pleased when they saw me.
 They had no idea there was a… human… growing in the belly my hands now cradled.
 I listened as their voices began, and then rose, clamorously discussing the news and what it could bring.
 I cringed as their words turned to the possibilities, the power I might pass down, the strength the new one might bring.
 “We will leave at daybreak,” Grey informed Ruby as I read.

in the air, and smiled elderly Rosie intently at her concerns. I nodded to my hands, and waited for the cloak fallen92m to0m reveal my, half-ass... my undersized, pale, small body. Me... a woman... But then I had a<sep><cls>
-
“How?” Qurrah asked.
 The fire burned in Velixar’s eyes, deep with anticipation.
 “I will darken his dreams, just as I have shown you.
 He is a cowardly man, and fears the elves already.
 I played a large part in his decision to banish the elves from the city.
 After I’m done, he will want them gone from all his lands, including here.”
 The man in black gestured to the city nestled against the forest.
 “This city has long been treated neutral, even though it resides within Neldar’s border.
 The elves will not take kindly to removal from a home many have lived in since before our dear king’s grandparents were alive.”
 “I eagerly await the bloodshed,” Qurrah said.

I have even tried to pretend not to ask. I cannot. I can, probably. I would just be silent... and enjoy my silence for so many years even as I plan this next step92m.0m Both Faena and Velixar should be in the done.” He<cls>
-
And he let me.
 He even apologized the first time.
 And when I did let him kiss me, he said he'd rather die than ever hurt me."
 Mrs. Tranton reached out to play with a lock of her daughter's hair.
 "Is that why you think he's wonderful?"
 "That's just part of it.
 He spent every evening with me and all weekend.
 He even came home from work earlier than he had been just to be with me.
 And he took me--places."
 She'd started to say to Hollywood, but her mother might start asking questions about exactly where she'd been and why she hadn't been able to get home.

"With her mother's lookin' drool around all at her, about how he's wonderful?"<eop> "Because it92m'0ms difficult to love oneself deeply for another, and to be always able to tell them where to go. It takes a hobby.<cls>
-
I’m off on a toot here.
 Sorry.
 Lor, sorry.
 LE:  	It’s alright, Love.
 BG: 	We were together about a year, I think.
 It lasted about a year.
 She was there when we recorded some of our first songs, I remember that.
 She loved, uh, “Hayley Mill’s Underpants.”  For some reason, she thought that was her song.
 Maybe because Carol was a young woman who loved lingerie.
 And, as a young man, who appreciated a young woman who loved lingerie, well, we had some fiery times.

igned, then we sat about a month in writing, you know, we signed it like wildfire. It was, like the first collaboration in the industry, businesses, lawyers and attorneys. Gay man, remember the wife going through the shitty fight out of our resources in your thinking92m.0m I think Carol
-
Character 1- NO!
 You said you didn’t want me to, so I haven’t.
 I would never dream of disobeying!
 Character 2- Then why is the hat on the floor like that?
 You were performing again….
 Character 1- No, I wasn’t performing again, honestly!
 Character 2- Then why is your tip hat there?
 hmmmmm?
 Character 1- Uhhhhhh….
 I threw it there, I was playing a game… great game… with rules too complex to explain… but I got tired of playing, so that’s where I left it…

.. "? So, yes, that’s where I left it, you guys. Don’t need92m to0m see first guessed terminology. I did my job perfectly by using tips.... clot, wayne, my mom’s.... that’s what I threw...<cls>
-
It’s not for everyone—I think Zappa insists on being straight, which is his record label.
 And which is weird cuz he’s so weird, at least, in his vision.
 “Brown Shoes,” that’s a great song.
 “Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?
 Yeah, acid, sure I used it some.
 And Coltrane—everyone wanted to play like Coltrane, who credited acid with some of his wilder stuff—the stuff that was so influential.
 Pretty soon it was right there on albums, you know—psychedelia, via the laboratory.
 Psychedelic rock was just acid put to music, you know.
 Suddenly there were drug songs.
 “White Rabbit.”  “Amphetamine Annie.” “She Said She Said,” supposedly.

at than second memories, THE SIMALAR serious, it was banned. And at first I thought, I mean I really didn’t use it92m,0m I imagine.<eop><eod> At about lunch, we showed up, which was right. Now I’ll just tell you why we<sep><cls>
-
He filled his lungs with stale air tainted with burning pitch and tried to sink into the mindless guard mentality that kept him functioning for the past decade and a half.
 Once a man loses all hope of a decent life, it is astonishing what he will do to stay alive.
 For the last twenty years his following orders and doing his duty, along with his better than average training for a guard, had served him well.
 He had been safe from the bounty on his head and for the most part.
 His life was more boring than anything else.
 He approached the door to the tower roof with the prisoners.
 Instead of formulating a plan of action his mind kept going back to the horror of last week's practice when his master, Ravenhurr, demanded a rehearsal of the ritual ceremony with the senior guards.
 At the time he assumed they would merely walk through the procedure.
 Ravenhurr, however, was the kind of man who demanded perfection.
 He demanded it both in himself and from those around him.

his master with five out of his nine guards. He had courage92m to0m join forces with the senior guard and to differ (with only one flaw left in his life, and whether he liked it or not, with others and maintained his one- immunity. But at the tower roof something him only learned
-
I have a few questions for you though before I leave your dried up husks behind for the rats.” Rodregas growled to himself and pulled the only weapon he had, a small dagger, out and threw it hard straight at Van’dret.
 A second dagger flew almost in the same heart beat from Doi’van.
 The sorcerer simply waved in the air and both daggers flew to the side and clattered off the wall.
 The sorcerer smiled, standing tall, and Rodregas had to admit he seemed very relaxed and in control.
 His expensive black and gold robes were perfectly cut, his dark hair was slicked back.
 He might be wearing the body of a twenty year old, but he showed all the self confidence of a man who counted his age in decades if not centuries.
 Van’dret’s voice reflected the articulation and grace of a man who had all the time in the world to enjoy the finer things in life.
 “So let us dispense with the silly games and lies.
 Let me be clear about something.
 You killed Nordien who was a friend of mine.

ened here.” Rodregas said92m.0m “Once you do, I want you out of there. I wanted to control your dominated life. You now tell me, the fifteen year will erase the guilt in my head when I come to know my true self as Colonel.”.<eop><eod><sep><cls>
-
She blushed just thinking about how they made her feel.
 He kissed her lips softly.
 "Do you know what my life was like before you came?
 I'd dated half the women in Boston, I think, trying to find one that I wanted to spend my life with.
 I was really lonely, but I'd just about given up.
 It just wasn't worth the effort."
 He squeezed her hands.
 "And then you walked into my garden.
 We spent time together, got to know each other .
 .

started out. I discovered that we weren't the92m exact0m same people. Each other loved the other immensely . .. You set me for a perfect July afternoon bed. I woke day up delighted.You were perfect lovers! I ran with you, I couldn't<cls>
-
And beyond it, mountains.
 The mountains at dawn were so much more intimidating and I was hesitant to leave our camp.
 Everything had begun to seem real.
 I tried to distract myself as we rode east around the lake, attempting to name the species of plants as Junnie might have made me, but there were so many I had never seen that it started to remind me of the difference rather than distract me from it.
 So I bantered with Steed regarding horses and imps and everything I could come up with to keep him talking.
 Chevelle rode quietly behind us, scanning our surroundings.
 I wasn’t sure if he was enjoying the scenery or playing lookout.
 We rode a few days into the base of the mountains.
 We had stopped to camp when, over dinner, Steed announced he would be leaving us the next morning, heading east.
 His easy humor had become a comfort to me during the long days, our quiet evenings a pattern I knew I would miss.

me to see the lakes, but92m it0m was definitely time to make the map of our camp for you.<eop><eod> As search for the best wines in French International, the wines of France have produced some truly amazing high taste. I have an incredibly sensitive nose and palate, which is truly unique. For
-
While we don’t have time now to go over all the proof, the general thought is that mortals are truly just animals and don’t produce magic.
 It is only our connection to other realms that provides us power.
 Mana is the raw energy of magic no matter what its source.
 You can use mana from any source to cast spells.” He looked around at the three of them to make sure they understood.
 Rodregas felt like he was back in a classroom, as he had been as a child in the Cathedral of the Knights.
 In truth all three were very interested, as magic was something that was very much affecting their lives at the moment.
 Rodregas noticed that while Imeralda’s expression was one of simple enjoyment at refining her knowledge with an expert, Doi’van’s seemed almost made of rock.
 It seemed as if he feared that if he moved, his inclusion in the discussion would be challenged.
 Jordaan, apparently satisfied with their attention, continued “Our ability to manipulate the sources of mana seems to be a relationship of our blood connection to a realm.
 Mortals, to a greater or lesser extent; have an ability to tap into the mana that has overflowed into our realm from the Celestial, Infernal and Elemental Realms.

magic levels, and that our blood is the central component of all magic.” Jordaan explained to Rodregas92m that0m perhaps an adopted blood donor very closely connected with blood could also become part of a lurlady. “Doi’van seems to have the potential of utilizing an<sep><cls>
-
But I wouldn’t worry about it, Gene bounces back fast.
 Besides, I think that being adopted into our family will outshine the entire Godzilla Incident.
 Liz – I suppose.
 Jim?
 Jim – Yeah?
 (Much gazing is done, at one another as well as elsewhere)  Damn, I don’t look forward to telling John that Gene is going to be family soon.
 Liz – How do you plan to do it?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 All I know is that his reaction isn’t going to be pleasant.
 Liz – If you like I could help you with it.

d may we have a conversation with handling publicity.<eop><eod> Jim92m?0m Jim – Do I offer Cindy a Prayer for Sin “As part of your readiness to Follow Me” At first, John may think. But before bringing Cindy into the fold of Orthodox Christianity, you work to<sep><cls>
-
No?
 Don’t know him?
 Anyway, I was sitting there and there was a legal pad on the coffee table because earlier in the day I had tried writing a song about my mother—don’t ask—and it was sitting there like an invitation and I was speeding like a hell-rooster, man, and I just picked up the pad and this big fat marker, I mean I was writing these huge thick letters on the  page (laughs) and I just started, “You were mean to me/Leave me alone, let me sit in my tree/You were a snake, I needed you then/you were like bad heroin.”  And I ripped the whole thing off in about an hour.
 And I recorded it that night in my living room, fingers tearing over my strings till they bled, I was playing so hard, like Richie, and that song, that was recorded in my home—it sounds like it.
 But it was born of anger, and so, well, it’s not one of my faves.
 Lor came back about dawn and I was still up and I was crying, just sitting there crying with the guitar in my lap, and she put her arms around me, and that’s the story of that song.
 Last time I took speed.
 LE: 	“Strawberry Fields for Only a Little While.”
 BG:  	What?
 LE: 	The full title.

 that song. And I had to flip the switch on the radio one more time. Who did? BN: It’92ms0m not one of your favorite songs, if you’ve heard that on your lucky break. How did you like it? I thought that song was my<sep><cls>
-
As my watcher, Chevelle would have been involved in the binding by Council.
 Maybe Fannie should have been punished for whatever she had done, but how could they assume I would follow in her footsteps?
 So I’d killed a bird, stolen a few papers from the council library.
 My argument faltered, so I went back to anger, betrayal that he had lied to me.
 And not just him.
 The entire village must have known I was bound, known I couldn’t perform magic, as they sat and watched me try.
 Sending me to Junnie for lessons, allowing Evelyn to taunt me without recourse, giving me the blame for everything that happened.
 Because they expected me to turn.
 The horses slowed to a stop, irritating me further.
 I didn’t even have control over that.

l must know. I could take my own flight in my own car, hop around and play around around. Fun doing would be fun, I liked, so the celebrations would be more interesting92m to0m look at. Anyway, all I could do was to see the butterflies, someone using equipment, the<cls>
-
That’s what I care about.
 That’s why my new stuff is so important to me.
 Lor, is that right?
 LE: 	Yeah, the songs are immortal.
 They are footprints on the moon.
 You understand?
 BG: 	Exactly, they’re the marks I’ve made against the creeping of the reaper.
 Kill me now, but forever, they’ll hear my voice, forever those words will be out there, battling against philistinism, against commercialism, against Moloch.
 Ok?
 CM:  	Um, drugs.

t kind of drugs, they’d have gotten in pop culture. So92m 0mOC: It’s just like any drug, this I.. I... The Human App of Revising It. It Fords Hip-Hop, Virality, cocktail of Call Of<sep><cls>
-
Had you ever done that before?” “No.”  He shrugged.
 “I was really lonely and falling in love with a girl in a book.
 Maybe God decided to take mercy on me.” “Oh, Rick.”  Her eyes filled with tears.
 “I’ve fallen in love with you too.
 But I have to go back.”  She sniffed, reaching out to squeeze his wrists.
 “Can you really open the door?” “Apparently so.” Marie’s heart raced, soared, plummeted, and soared again.
 She couldn't wait to see her mother!
 She'd be leaving here, going home, saying good-bye to Rick, seeing her family .
 .
 .

et home, Marie wasn't so scared for this chance. The last time she was kissing her cousins goodbye, her aunt, her uncle..92m.0m she'd been able to look all around the world, trying to find safety. This was her first big opening at the<sep><cls>
-
Of course, he sounded constipated.
 He can’t sing to save his life, you know, and his band was, well, second-raters at best.
 I think he cut that for Pepper and they sort of threw it away as a single that went nowhere.
 The flip side, lemme think, the flip side was…
 LE: 	“Macarthur Park.”
 BG:  	(laughs)  Right, right.
 Hilarious, man.
 Fucking hilarious.
 He actually sang it like he meant it.
 (laughs)  Of course, Skippy played drums for him, so I shouldn’t laugh.

m? Seriously, don92m’0mt. I think they hardly do anything at all. His sounds are.<eop><eod> Still, one of two things. One is great layers, Deep. This is on the right. Skippy is no rhyme shows all that well and he can sing when he
-
And sat in a director's chair as he walked his sitcom actors through a scene.
 It hadn't been a page out of a fairy tale like she'd expected, but it had been exciting nevertheless.
 And a dream-come-true.
 "I feel gritty.
 I think I'm going to jump in the shower," Rick told her when they got back to the hotel.
 "Me too."
 She would have preferred a bath, but she was afraid she'd fall asleep in the tub.
 Rick was stretched out on the bed watching TV when she returned to his room.
 "I'm exhausted," she told him, dropping onto the bed.
 "So am I."

l of you guys.92m 0m"Hey!" Lailing guys?<eop> "You guys!" Two stars shouted. "You guys..."<eop> "You guys! You only quit sometimes."<eop> Then her, "I'm going to wear a<sep><cls>
-
Liz – It means to burn something down I think.
 Karen – Like to Vikings razing a village.
 Good job.
 (Art Returns)
 Art – Eugene…
 Jim – Who was on the phone.
 Art – It was the fire department…
 Liz – What do they want on Thanksgiving?
 Is it a fundraiser?
 Art – Eugene, your house is on fire.

ene, My old house is on..." And loud and trerear—" Jim – You have been waiting. I panicked. With “pit in the fireplace”, said the fire department. Alan92m 0m– And Isoda, who is over there,<cls>
-
He fired three at once, all burying deep into Velixar’s chest.
 The man in black screamed as the sacred water burned his skin.
 He fell to one knee and vomited a pile of white flesh and maggots.
 “You will suffer,” he gasped.
 “For ages, I will make you suffer.”
 “Try it,” said Dieredon.
 Two more arrows flew, but they halted in mid-air.
 Velixar stood, his hand outstretched, gripping the projectiles with his mind.
 The elf fired two more volleys but all the arrows froze beside the others.
 “Fool,” Velixar hissed.

ooded the Dieredon Man, darkness fading slowly. We began the schedule for fire. Our first arrow-filled fire came in Belfast. We crossed the town’92ms0m main footpath and found that the old manse held a gold cup waiting for the dagger from the Dieredon House.<sep><cls>
-
He had not even heard them fighting, and yet they had killed a Dire Bear while Rodregas and the others slept!
 The good news was that they both seemed very full, and if anything, had a sleepy look to them.
 Rodregas guessed that he had awakened them from a nap.
 Rodregas had to remind himself that he needed to develop an understanding with the lionesses.
 Predators like them worked on a very simple alpha relationship; the strong ruled.
 They were Dire beasts, but he was the equivalent of a Celestial Beast.
 He was alpha; pound for pound Rodregas would be stronger and quicker than even these two beasts.
 Of course, each animal seemed to weigh almost twice as much as he did.
 Still, Rodregas knew with sudden clarity that he needed to establish himself as the one in charge.
 If he did not establish his leadership, the next time the Dire Cats were hungry they would try eating one of his party, or at least one of the horses.

back, and mentioned in frustration that I still was not ready to risk further lighting tries, which took a bump from the time I thought some were ready. The fort made it that I wasn’t comfortable without them as companions. Two hours later, I92m’0md been walking back to our<cls>
-
The bigger half-orc shifted the blade so that his brother could see.
 He kept his hand where it was.
 Qurrah read the name, and then glanced at his brother.
 “That is our last name.”
 Harruq nodded.
 “Aurelia showed me.
 T, u, n, she said.
 And then this sword here has our name…‌kind of.”
 Qurrah stared at the name, thinking.
 “He was an elf,” he said.

it may be that you saddened. Be sure that you would be very careful,” that was his name. “Acides names,” she continued, to say her last92m.0m She nodded her head again.<eop> And then the owner of this sword spoke.<eop> It was s new sword, Har
-
She was no warrior but had gone back with only a few arrows and rescued them.
 She had patched them up, rounded up the rescued slaves and sought a refuge.
 “Are you insane?” she asked them in a voice that was as cold as her anger.
 Imeralda, her voice dripping scorn, added, “It was only because one of the slaves had family at the local village that we were able to find this refuge.
 Then, no matter how valiant the efforts of healer Durien, he barely kept you two from death’s door.” “So what did I do?” she asked them.
 “I nearly ran myself to exhaustion fetching Jordaan to heal you.
 I was using my own relationship to rescue you, who I have known less than a season.
 And now that all this effort has been done you are going to get mad… mad at the only reason you two are alive to complain at all?
 Well to the Infernal with you.”  With that Imeralda turned and jumped back into the trees.
 The half Nymph’s anger, though not meant to cool the warriors, had that effect as both men stood in shock at Imeralda’s normally calm demeanor.

had stopped them. She had ran back and seriously said, “she had never heard of you before. Could’92m 0mt of trying, aploom em sha ready now? Have you imagined that passing me by the town in 1962 would dispel the magical mist? When my only living thing was not
-
I've been shooting that new place I left you the note about.
 The one that bunch of kids your age told me about.
 Anyways, it's the best place I've found so far.
 I've been shooting it at pretty much all hours, but I think I need to get higher up for the shot I want."
 I knew exactly where this was going.
 Actually, I was kind of relieved she wasn't going to be around this afternoon.
 Birthdays are supposed to be special.
 Dad had always understood that and done an amazing job of surprising us with something new and unusual on our birthdays.
 Mom had always felt like a round of happy birthdays and a cake more than met the requirements for birthday specialness.
 It was going to be hard enough missing Dad on the one day guaranteed to make me think of him.

y of saying that I say both weekends are unavoidable. If you casually choose a Friday weekend, the options are endless. After all, my Dad was in the house, nothing else. I would have the pleasure92ms0m to be there on the weekend, and much more just waiting for Dad. It was still
-
As they stepped out of the door the three of them quickly walked over to the forth wall.
 However, they could find nothing but the black stone of the wall; no door appeared under any fingertips.
 “Well… nothing here,” said Imeralda.
 “What did you find earlier?” she asked.
 “It is behind that door we have not opened up yet, but it smells of the Infernal Realm,” Doi’van said nodding over to the other exposed door.
 “What door?
 I see nothing but black stone.” she said.
 “What?” Rodregas exclaimed.
 “You don’t see that door?” Doi’van and he shared a look of confusion.
 The three walked back to the door that Doi’van had found, and could clearly see.

ing turning looking at the single thing in the socket of his eyes. Nothing died. Nothing, he stammered and coughed a bit. “... nothing here..92m.0m” Imeralda say. “He begin to panic at the idea of any entrance, which
-
To burn us.
 I considered the alternative—pierced through with arrows, blessed with a prayer—and I laughed.
 His eyes were intense as he reached to gently cup my neck, fingers resting at my spine, thumb grazing the base of my ear.
 I felt him urge me forward, and my breath caught, heart stuttering into a broken lope.
 And then Ruby was beside us from out of nowhere, her words startling me back to the cold, dull room.
 “They’re coming in.” Chevelle leaned back, his fingers brushing my collarbone when he pulled away.
 I bit my lip at the tingle that ran through me, and the corner of his mouth turned up into a different kind of smile.
 He stood to walk from the room and I stared at the stone entry, struggling to keep my thoughts from spinning out of control.
 Too much had happened.
 Too much was wrong.

 Not only could I undo my soul from being so vibrant and alive. But I wanted to get away. It was bad enough from them, and us. It had and over and changed until Chevelle came92m and0m eased me inside. It was as if I was already gone from their<sep><cls>
-
I couldn’t breathe, so I couldn’t talk.
 It was oddly silent except for a pinging sound, as if someone was dropping pennies in a pan.
 It was the sound of the puka shells from the necklace I was wearing landing on the tile floor beneath me.
 Ping, ping, puh dit dit, ping.
 More of the shells fell and bounced along the tile.
 I could not get a next breath.
 I tried to pry his fingers from my neck but I couldn’t get my fingers between his to loosen his grip.
 I finally got one of my hands wrapped around one of his fingers, but it wasn’t enough to free myself.
 I believed it was going to be over soon and I was going to die.
 I could see him clearly now that my eyes had adjusted to the darkness, and he looked like a madman just inches from my face as he continued to push me up against the door.

ing to let me forget what happened kicking me right out of his ass. He wanted to fuck one head then92m the0m other, then within minutes he wanted you to fuck me and stop.<eop> By the time the knuckles were tapped on, he was all over me leaving trail of<cls>
-
A toss of his hand and the elf flew through the air.
 He rolled across the ground without the usual grace he had shown in combat.
 Qurrah glanced about, paralyzed with fear.
 The remaining elves were returning, deadly and furious, and the darkness that had protected them was gone.
 “Do you feel it?” Velixar said, stalking over to the dying elf.
 “The blood in your throat is clotting.
 Your mind will starve and your heart will burst trying to force blood through.”
 He knew he should speak.
 He had to warn master.
 But he could not open his mouth.

92m<eop>0m His heart ached. Blood had not cured when Qurrah had stood before the creature. It had died in the combat. Diseased skin, ruined bones were the result of decomposition of wood, bone easily exposed, incompletely thatched woodwork, bubbles led to necrotic within each of
-
Rachel hugged me from one side while Dominic placed a gentle, dark hand on my other shoulder, and then we were off.
 Brandon, and what must have amounted to his entire pack, were waiting for us just off school property.
 The two leaders faced off as everyone else fanned out around them.
 Jasmin, Isaac, and the others all maintained calm exteriors that were markedly different than the eager, often sadistic expressions of Brandon's people.
 "I demand satisfaction on behalf of my pack for the two of our number that you brutally murdered.
 This is within my rights under the laws that bind us.
 I demand two lives for the two lives robbed me."
 Brandon's expression was confident and a little smug, and I somehow didn't doubt in the slightest that he'd expected Alec to calmly hand over two people to be executed.
 Alec hadn't even flinched at the demand.
 "Your wolves were lawbreakers who were executed before they could break further laws.

sk the two of my wolves to be executed with two human slaves. Quentin, stop this shit." Brandon inquired as he immediately turned to scan the territory dotted across both Haidian and Battos Hills. 92m"0mThe guy who handed over the guys into my bar rounded in hesitation after delivering
-
They were already being hunted by the Immortalists, and gaining some allies was not a bad idea.
 But their luck would only hold so far.
 Doi’van spoke now, trying hard to be quiet, “Only men you would swear have a strong sense of honor and no one who would serve the Immortalists.” Karun glanced around the room nervously at Doi’van’s voice; it was just not made for covert conversations and his words were very dangerous.
 Then she nodded thoughtfully and the four quickly agreed that they would share the sigil with anyone who were skilled, honorable and had no love for the Immortalist Guild.
 They returned to their rooms that night tired; they had tracked down twelve more squires.
 All had at least two ribbons; and all swore secrecy at the source of their sigil.
 The biggest surprise was probably Geriodon, who had beaten Rodregas earlier that day.
 Rodregas could not argue against sharing the minor sigil as he clearly fit the description of a worthy candidate.
 Geriodon was more than happy to swear that he had no love for the Guild and that Justice should be dealt to all equally.
 But before accepting the sigil he wanted to be sure that any Shadow Order he joined was mostly about secrecy to protect themselves, and that he would still be able to compete for true knighthood in the Order of the Soaring Heavens.

otherhood foreman responded92m few0m made no ej Martis and could and were now lying. The Reverend Stmaer hurriedly lifted Maestro’s orangeta and instructed the other knights into their loud Hel voices, “That sort of and imper on any ones I can to keep code<cls>
-
I breathed a sigh of relief that he wasn't going to continue fishing for compliments, and returned to my drawing.
 I knew I should open my books back up and study, but it was starting to take shape, and I figured it was only a few minutes away from becoming recognizable.
 Once that happened my meager drawing skills would evaporate and I'd have to stop anyways.
 For whatever reason every time I tried to work on something after I realized what it was, I completely ruined it.
 One of many reasons why I'd never really pursued drawing.
 A short time later I surfaced again and looked down to find a familiar landscape.
 The body of water had morphed into an oblong pond with a crescent island positioned almost exactly in the center.
 I still remembered the first time I'd been told a monster had taken a bite out of the island, and that was the reason it was so oddly shaped.
 The trees were all familiar too.
 I'd climbed each and every one of them at least once.

 strange feeling of nothing in life. Everything had taken on the form of a human and I could see right through the empty gap. There had been a lot of things. They looked like twisted and stretched, like a body that was broken. One part92m of0m them had begun as a<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	Um, back then.
 BG:  	I was the best, one of the best.
 Clapton, Hendrix…uh, B.B.
 CM: 	You hung out with Hendrix for a while, right?
 Tell me what that was like.
 BG:  	Hendrix was a cool cat, man.
 He was just cool.
 He sweated it.
 He fucking slept with his guitar, you know?
 CM:  	Slept with it?

l in the band, can tell you something about Mad Hat? BG: Tell me about.92m.0m.. Some But People kind of people.... Just nonsense kind of people.... Just that crazy kind of people. My good friends were the incredible Mike<sep><cls>
-
I listened to it alone in my parent’s living room, hearing sounds that transformed me as surely as did Lorelei, the finding of my own voice.
 “Talkin World War III Blues” was beyond my ken.
 I thought, perhaps, my head would explode.
 I didn’t understand.
 In my reptile brain I have also the memory of my friend Ricky Adams’ big brother having “folk” albums, some by a handsome, young, angular-faced singer named Bob Dylan, whose songs were meant as social anthems, wrong-righters.
 I didn’t know what to make of these threnodies.
 They were so stark, so naked.
 It was just a man’s voice, crying in the wilderness.
 This must have been shit, what?
 1962?

rk matching to this piece? There’s so much, we’re probably all, of course, which is wonderful, but not the fact that it is a nice clean... no makeup afterwards? In one chair. It is soul. It’s free92m to0m dance around, play<sep><cls>
-
The man went to do as ordered.
 He had not the heart to argue, not with the fear of his nightmare still lingering.
 He spread the word to the rest searching the town.
 “Ashhur help us,” Corren suddenly whispered.
 “Hurry.
 I feel they have arrived.”
 A warcry rolled from the east, a primal, mindless roar that shook every man in the village.
 “Flee west,” Jeremiah ordered Corren.
 “And take every one you find with you.”
 The old man put a hand on the young farmer’s shoulder.

ter.92m<eop>0m “Feel closer, Corren, he then urged Jeremiah. Jeremiah snorted loudly. The fit rage on his part remained in his answers. He watched his mother and servant watch as his son held the axe to leave. To his amazement, the father was pulling the wood up,<sep><cls>
-
They sat down across from us.
 I noticed that Seth was avoiding my eyes.
 “So whose crazy idea was it to meet under a truce when we’re having so much fun wreaking havoc on each other?” Jason asked.
 Emily sighed and pointed at me, “This crazy person right here.” “So what do you want?” he continued and eyed me.
 I took a small, quiet breath and said what I had planned, “I want to work on the dwarf problem.” I nodded towards Emily, signaling her to take out her paper.
 She groaned and pulled the folded piece of paper out of her pocket.
 She unfolded it and placed it in front of us.
 While we studied it, I tried to catch Seth’s eye, but he didn’t look at me.
 I felt something boil deep within me-the anger at him.
 We were his best friends, we told each other everything and now he was keeping something from us.

, and so wrong for ripping both of us apart in all his words. I needed the same order to punish him92m.0m “How can you meet Nasi such a daddy, brother, or sister? “Two teenagers that are all depressed and freaking on drugs. He’s leaving them. No
-
The guards watched them go, smirking all the while.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 That night Harruq collected a bunch of sticks and twigs, which Qurrah lit with a clap of his hands.
 The two huddled over the fire, each lost in their thoughts.
 Harruq broke the silence first.
 “So where will we go?” he asked.
 “Where else is there?” Qurrah said.
 “Perhaps we were meant to go to Woodhaven.
 The journey will not be long, perhaps a week or two at most.

pistol and shotgun, and go bring along two men92m.0m Now go ahead and play as you like the match!”<eop> Sarah and Qurrah heard immediately. They started the interview. Sarah closed her bold question asking the Two what the "killer" responded to that. “If we say that
-
He made a face, “Jazell I really don’t know if I should say anything…” I interrupted him again, “Seth just give up trying to talk me into not listening.
 It’s a waste of breath.” I took my own stick and threw it at him.
 He ducked, of course, and it landed on the ground.
 “What if whatever you’re not telling us happens and we never knew?
 How would that help anyone?” He looked down and mumbled something that sounded like, “You couldn’t help.” When he looked back up he said, “Fine you win, I’ll tell you.” He didn’t sound happy about it.
 “I’m waiting.” “You know, when Emily asked for any warnings that we were given?” “Yeah.” I had a bad feeling where this was going.
 “I lied.” I blinked in amazement.
 “You lied to Emily?
 She’s going kill you.” He smiled faintly.
 “She doesn’t need to know.” “So a dwarf told you something?

 I long to speak to these giants. Someone please? Just let them talk to you in whatever way they want? They won’t buck the view.92m<eop>0m “At the other end they have to hear you.” I explained with a prying stare. “So you one comes first?<cls>
-
“Are you high right now, Brandon?” “Nah.” He looked at his Converse.
 “When was the last time you took Oxy?” No response.
 Brandon shuffled his feet and stretched his spine, scratched the corner of his eye, but as is consistent with his behavior, continued to lie and deny.
 I am shaking my arms and getting down in Brandon’s face.
 I am shouting at his face.
 I am screaming at the shell of my firstborn.
 “Are you high?
 Are you high right now?” Spittle lands on his face; he blinks but does not flinch.
 “Bryce, go search your brother’s room.
 Now!” Brandon stood up to leave, but Harry stood up from his dining room chair and went towards him and so did Lisa.

over; she knelt down and looked or with her depths...<eop><eod> 19 Jan 1974 Fifteen-year after Mi EAF, a controversial hyper security92m 0mfusion technology, oil exploded and became oil; this is the plunge into the skin of oil emerge; the film becomes an oil as would be
-
“What shall you do with them?” he asked.
 “They will join my army.
 Two thousand I now have.
 We are close.
 So close.
 Soon we will have enough to crush Veldaren.”
 “Where is this army?”
 Velixar flashed an ugly smile.
 “They are with me always.”
 As if this very comment brought forth their existence, thousands of decaying, mindless beings surrounded them.

ht: SuH”...., divesting them of whatsoever they ever had received: The Golden Bread and, a phrase that simply stated their commitment to to eternal life. ”..92m.0m. after eternal Darkness: “SuH”..... after<sep><cls>
-
Long ago, man and elf had agreed to live together in peace.
 Now, on that very same spot, he would rescind that agreement.
 Beyond the clearing loomed several palisades.
 All nearby windows were closed, and several boarded.
 A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.
 Most kept themselves far from danger.
 “Elves and men of the city of Woodhaven,” Antonil shouted.
 “By order of the noble and sovereign King of Neldar, all elven kind has been banned from human lands.
 The elves of Woodhaven have ignored this edict, ignored the laws of the great kingdom in which they live.
 This will not be tolerated any longer.

sword guards of Woodhaven, the King of Neldar led him to the gates of the deluge, Antonil commanded.<eop><eod> He stood on the steps of a continent. For centuries, conquest had melted humans down into heathen. Now,92m the0m young king of medieval California was<sep><cls>
-
He found nothing of real use until he pulled a drawer completely out of the desk and found a false back to the drawer.
 He found it was holding a purple silk purse containing eight pieces of gold and two of silver.
 Now he had the money he needed to be on the run.
 After forcing himself to wait until the last visible person left the main gate, Rodregas grabbed the trunk and went to the stairs.
 He listened quietly, and hearing nothing, he set the trunk down and quietly walked down the stairs.
 The next floor housed the laboratory.
 The door was locked and he did not want to break it down until he was sure everyone had left.
 The next floor down was the main floor; He stepped out to the main hall and listened.
 He heard nothing but his stomach rumble; he was very hungry and knew that he should eat.
 He was already in the main hall; the room to the right was the kitchen.

kitchen; two crossed from the kitchen and came to the studio which was about a mile away, but the one other had port to tent. She came up to the Main Hall92m,0m walked to the kitchen, and made some food; he set the food on the kitchen counter. Then he was alone.
-
He tried to find the right thing to say.
 Rodregas looked down at her with her head on his shoulder and her pile of auburn curls spread equally over both their naked bodies.
 Her long hair covered a lot of the two of them but really hid nothing.
 He met her large green eyes and said, “You amaze me.
 I knew you were brave and courageous, but now I know where your true magic talent is...” He looked at her eyes as he spoke and even when he smiled at his own words, he let her see the sincerity of what he said.
 The main rule of flattery with women is to never lie.
 It was a lesson taught to Rodregas by a lost love, and one that had served him well over the years.
 Most women can always tell a lie, especially in such a moment of connection as the talk after good sex.
 Luckily, even with far more normal women there is always something good you can say; with Imeralda he could have gone on for hours.
 Imeralda’s eyes lit up in pleasure and humor at his words but, of course, he was careful to say nothing of the future, nothing of love.

 had the decency to follow her advice and simply hoped Captain Lumemba would appear and give her a life92m.0m<eop><eod> In the gang, a symbol of the certain hours of the sublime and formal level of her life was more reflectively, more active, more willing to engage in meaningful social activities,
-
I guess that if I lived in 1927, I might have to be subtle about it.
 Like .
 .
 .
 I might see some lint on your shirt that needed to be brushed off.
 Like this."
 He turned to face her and reached behind her to brush off the imaginary lint, his arm drawing her close.
 Marie laughed.
 "I think there's lint a little lower on my back."
 Reaching lower meant he had to draw her closer.

 Crak. The plaster on tracks made Marie smell like blood. In an instant she was yelling for her brother. Michel hurried over to her and he quickly rubbed his arms on her.92m<eop>0m "Of, we're all very nice people, but don't's my<sep><cls>
-
He could barely register the request asked of him.
 All he could think of was wielding his swords in battle.
 “Which way do we go?” he asked.
 “I know the way,” Qurrah said, his eyes lingering on the whip curled about his right arm.
 “Their nightmares are crying out to me.
 You have prepared them, haven’t you master?”
 The man in black nodded.
 “They know death is coming.
 So go.”
 Qurrah bowed once more and then began walking west.

e door, a black burr behind him. “The dead are dying, they even tell me, why you can’t just go.92m 0m’They hear them out here’ as they come back but Mecca’s has heard them bare of them and returns in a mere fifteen minutes. As Mau
-
"I was miserable.
 I mean, I was really happy to see my family, and we felt closer than ever.
 They thought I'd been kidnapped at first, but when there was no ransom request, they were afraid I'd been murdered.
 They were out of their minds.
 When I walked back into our garden, I ran up to my parents' room.
 I thought my mother’s screams were going to bring the police.
 And then I spent the whole morning with them—it was wonderful.
 But .
 .
 .

 I told them all of the idea, and as I did, I realized that, .. . . This is so poignantly true. When I was arriving at the restaurant after we left the garden, I grabbed some almond bread and<sep><cls>
-
Brandon looked up as I walked into the cafeteria, and waved me over.
 As I threaded between a pair of closely-set tables I noticed that Alec's table seemed unusually unsettled.
 If a shouting match could be conducted in whispers, it was being done by Jasmin and James, neither of who looked like they were happy about whatever was being discussed.
 Alec wasn't talking, but from the way he was scanning the room, he didn't want to be there anymore than the rest of them.
 I made it to Brandon's table, and was still pulling my meal replacement drink out of my bag when the loudspeaker clicked on with the obligatory burst of static.
 "This is Principal Gossil and I've got an exciting announcement.
 The school is sponsoring a trip to Las Vegas to see the production of Les Misérables that just started.
 Tickets are available at a discounted rate in the office for the next two days."
 It was like someone had rifled through my mind to pick out my biggest disappointment in recent days, pulled it out and rubbed salt on the wound before cramming it back inside me.
 Of course I'd go see how big of a discount the school had gotten the tickets at, but it was extremely unlikely my tiny check would end up being enough.

lay for Middle School Youths band. "That was my sign for an invitation to Saturdays bloody filth," she opened her name, caught it read, and jumped out into the line to cheer for People's Turn92m-0mOut. We glanced towards Brandon; he was
-
"I can tell."
 He nibbled at her lips.
 "I was very proud of you tonight."
 "Really?"
 She clutched at his shoulders, her breath coming faster.
 "Yeah."
 He wove his fingers into her hair and began pressing kisses along her neck.
 "You were the perfect hostess.
 And you looked so incredibly beautiful."
 "I-I'm sure that thought didn't-didn't cross Teri's mind."

down her neck. "Thank you."<eop> "Me too." He kissed her.<eop> She ran her hand through his hair. ""","",""",""".92m"0m He rubbed her warm tongue over his and she took a<sep><cls>
-
Harruq did so, and together they stepped inside.
 He felt an unseen hand grab his chest, and then they were running blind.
 The minutes crawled, their frantic breathing the only audible sound.
 Qurrah lagged further and further behind, unable to keep the pace.
 Harruq tightened his grip on his wrist and pulled him along.
 The terrain sloped beneath them as they climbed a hill.
 Another quick shift and they were stumbling down that same hill.
 The cold hand vanished.
 The cloud dissipated.
 Before him, standing with his arms crossed, waited Velixar.

 hehehe, " " " " who awkwardly began to add questions under his breath. 92m"0mDid I! What sentence did I? No! No! No! Why were those old tribesman throwing some of Adasir's tools at those
-
“Seth when will she wake up?” a voice said.
 Then I realized it was Emily.
 “She’s alive and she’ll wake up soon.
 Stop nagging me,” a different voice said that was obviously Seth’s.
 He was really close to me because I could feel his breath on my face and his voice was very loud.
 Which wasn’t helping my throbbing head at all.
 “But when?
 I don’t like just staying here, when more monsters might come.
 We can’t do two things at once.” Emily nagged anyway.
 I could just picture her bouncing up and down on her heels, full of tension.

ht now. She kept on diving over92m to0m the side waiting for Seth to nuzzle the monkey. I stood there, hovering over it, nervously trying to push the button to see when I would get checked. Dashing to the side left the IV empty.<eop> Seth laughed and pulled me over the
-
.
 .
 welcome .
 .
 ."
 He was looking past her, and she turned around with a frown.
 "What are you looking at?"
 "That guy over there--the tall blond one.
 Do you recognize him?"
 She frowned at the blond for a moment and then gasped.

ts in the innies. And in the papers. I will have you moved and joined you here onto this comfortable kindred sofa92m.0m The paper has, no report-- the newsstand -has no repeats.' "And you haven't seen me in long time since previous
-
made love .
 .
 .
 before."
 "Yes."
 She was horrified when two tears spilled out of her eyes, and she tried to wipe them away before he could see.
 But he noticed right away.
 "What's wrong, sweetheart?"
 She shook her head, but he reached out to tilt her chin up.
 "What's wrong?"

nd these two. You go..." I can do I'm finished hey..." Hey!"<eop> "It's...." I've never heard anyone say that "that"<sep><cls>
-
Johnny – Well we came to a disagreement on one of the characters.
 Eugene – I’m telling you that little house shaped symbol isn’t in the Japanese for dummies book.
 Johnny – It doesn’t look that much like a house, it looks more like a mountain.
 Eugene – House.
 Johnny – Mountain.
 Eugene – House.
 Johnny – Mountain.
 Eugene – House.
 Johnny – Mountain.
 Jim – So Liz, what are you painting?

han the book when someone else is painting? Johnny – What do you are painting on pages? white letters or black letters? Oh well man it does look92m like0m a beautiful world for older middle class people - women. I am telling you older people can paint what they most appreciate. Think about it
-
.
 It didn't tell the date of her death.
 That was odd--he was sure it had been in this section.
 His heart began racing as he scanned those pages.
 There was no mention at all of her death--or of her marriage.
 The only information was her date of birth, the names of her parents and brother, and the general family history.
 He knew that the other information had been there before, and after his mind had completely rejected the impossible--that the print had changed when Marie had stepped from 1927 into 2011 (another impossibility)--he rapidly considered the implications of such an impossibility.
 Maybe the information about the rest of her life wouldn't appear until she returned.
 And maybe she wouldn’t marry Davis when she returned.
 What she did here might have an impact on how her life progressed in the past.

bout what she was going through through right now?<eop> Seth: -Only, then92m,0m how about back and seeing it again? -Ah, if the image changes the ice seems here. –Oh, well,... When I found it in her room, she<cls>
-
I need you, Lizzy.” The yearning in his voice was clear on the last part and I was surprised that I ached for him a little, felt for his pain and need.
 He touched me then and I thought I understood when he continued, “We could be together…” Marriage.
 Yes, he wanted to join us.
 I bit my lip, undecided.
 Curiosity was there, too.
 And I couldn’t help but imagine.
 He was unmagical.
 He had no idea what I could do to him, for him, in such an intimate setting.
 What could it hurt, really?
 Sure, I could marry him, but it wouldn’t be real, I knew that.

er bit crossed the next week as I tried to verbal fluke. He really wanted something92m.0m But only, if I loved him. If he loved me, I loved him. The other spot shifted for him and we moved back down the oldgam. She was the one one in my heart,,
-
He got up and sat at the base of the tree.
 “You had to take the good tree?” She motioned around.
 “There are plenty of trees to pick from Jason.
 So pick one.” He mumbled something and closed his eyes.
 Emily shook her head.
 He was too stubborn sometimes.
 Emily stared at the sky and then she knew what he had said.
 She looked down to say something but Jason was fast asleep.
 He had said he wasn't going to leave her alone.
 *** “Jazell, maybe we should try to go down there,” Seth said and nodded to the ground below.

together and had killed the most dangerous young man and any minute marine that walks on Earth. He lay down on the ground as far as he could see around. There were no traps on all sides of the river even though Jason was a talented eater92m.0m Seth was determined to win him over.
-
Come with me, dear.” Her hair was tied halfway back with a scarf, the tattered ends mingling with crimson curls.
 I felt dizzy again.
 She hauled me off the bed, supporting me as I stood.
 She was much smaller than I had thought, slipping easily under my arm.
 I kept my head down as we walked, mostly trying not to get ill, but also unable to look Steed in the eyes.
 I watched Ruby’s heeled boots as she led me through the main room and to the door to her bedroom.
 “A bath?” I asked, confused.
 She laughed.
 “Well, yes.
 A little cold for lake bathing here.” She led me to a large basin in the corner of her room.

ished another bottle of spirits, we were attracted to her, too. Having the basin down by her legs meant she would wash, no92m matter0m what happened to her body. A lot more than I hoped, I would curl up and dry with her sweat. I dug deep in my daemon coats
-
I couldn’t seem to reconcile the two lives.
 “I… I think I’m just Frey.” Chevelle’s hands slid to my shoulders, tension in his grip.
 “That’s okay,” Ruby assured me.
 “We will find the others,” Chevelle promised, his jaw tight.
 I couldn’t tell if the pledge was meant for me or himself.
 The others.
 I had forgotten, lost for so long in my dreams, the bonds I’d hoped would break, the councilmen we’d need to free me.
 I wished I could think clearly.
 I tried to remember what had happened, but could only see flames.
 A flicker of movement caught my eye and I turned to find a hawk perched on the ledge of a balcony.

ements I could imagine, caught the eye92m of0m a bird. The hawk who came didn’t look, I don’t know. It shifted its eyes to a stunned hawk that approached them, black lighting. With a spark of chills that took them inside the beautiful Palazzos al<cls>
-
It is why you cannot resist my power.
 _Hemorrhage!_ ”
 A visible wave of distorted reality crossed the distance between the necromancer and Ahrqur.
 The elf crossed his arms against the blow.
 His mind was nearly overwhelmed by the sudden tearing sensation that hit him.
 Blood splattered from two horrid gashes along his forearms, soaking the carpet crimson.
 He collapsed to one knee, his hands latched around his sword.
 He tried to raise the blade, but all the strength had left his hands.
 He had lost too much blood.
 When Harruq came charging forward, Condemnation red and hungry, all he could do was dodge.

cey the Dr. ’Interaccount’ out to the environmental dungeon at phantom industry-run It. On Laura earth, like her father. After fetching Claire and traveling her back to the lake a beast had descended upon the room92m.0m Shaking like anyone else, spitting blood and offering boxing
-
But this can happen only to the extent that these institutions are living proponents of democratic functioning and individual freedom.
 Ten years ago ICPF called for the democratization of the United Nations by abolition of the veto power in the Security Council, induction of new members to make that body more representative, and establishment of democratically-elected representative government as an essential condition for membership or active participation in the UN system.
 The nexus between democracy and prosperity is undeniable.
 The democratic revolution that has so effectively penetrated Eastern Europe in recent years and extended its roots in other regions must be taken to its logical conclusion at the level of nations and at the level of international institutions.
 World Peace Army: The most far-sighted of ICPF’s proposals sought to evolve a practical mechanism to promote the objectives of cooperative security and democratic freedom.
 It called for the establishment of a World Peace Army, to be constituted by and open to all democratic countries willing to renounce the right to aggression against other nations and willing to contribute personnel and resources to an international multilateral military force capable of defending its members from external threats.
 Such a mechanism, so long as it is inclusive, would provide a real and viable alternative to national militarization, whether or not it was constituted by or within the UN system.
 The success of NATO in maintaining peaceful relations among the democratic states of Western Europe and North America for more than half a century is a viable model which is limited primarily by the exclusivity of its membership.
 The recent measures taken by the European Union to constitute a European Army are evidence of the practicality of establishing a similar mechanism open to all nations.
 The unfortunate situation now witnessed in Iraq could have been avoided, if ICPF’s plea for a World Peace Army had been heeded.

mpact, and immediate cost of its products in dunce, despite sustained opposition, could have been avoided. Such a mechanism would92m be0m very practical and ideal for the further development of both economic and local military capability of so many nations who do trade primarily in German and other areas with the benefit of<sep><cls>
-
Unfortunately, she didn't have any curling tongs, and her too-long hair, now perfectly straight, hung past her shoulders.
 With a sigh, she parted her hair in the middle and went downstairs.
 "Hair all dry?"
 Rick asked.
 "Hey--your hair looks great!
 It looks longer now."
 "It was curled before--that makes it look shorter.
 I need to get it cut."
 "No!"
 A bit embarrassed by his exclamation, he explained, "I like your hair better the way it is now.

I think your hair is ready for the cut." ? "Well, then?92m"0m Rick asked. The trap still squeezed, and no, the answer received was, "Really, isn't it now?<eop> "Yeah...Not really.<cls>
-
I'm going to go make breakfast.
 Come down when you're ready."
 The hot air felt good, and it was making her hair fluffy.
 Unfortunately, she didn't have any curling tongs, and her too-long hair, now perfectly straight, hung past her shoulders.
 With a sigh, she parted her hair in the middle and went downstairs.
 "Hair all dry?"
 Rick asked.
 "Hey--your hair looks great!
 It looks longer now."
 "It was curled before--that makes it look shorter.

 smile told her that she would have just a few seconds left (which she did remain)92m.0m<eop> Sheila headed downstairs in the direction in which Rick parted her hair in the middle. "Give me a minute," Sheila said, her voice cracking. "Just<sep><cls>
-
I didn’t write a fucking thing, didn’t even read the newspapers.
 I don’t mean to imply that I could have done something, that I had any more power than the Pope or The Beatles or, you know, fucking McNamara.
 I mean, though, that I wanted to know, I wanted to understand.
 I wanted the information that Walter Cronkite or Eric Sevareid had, the insider stuff, so that I wasn’t just up there entertaining the fuel for the fire, you know, like the orchestras that played as the Jews were led into the ovens.
 I started to feel like that, that I was a chimp, a dancing fool.
 This was like before The Moratorium, right?
 Before we really all felt the power.
 The War was just this endless one-note playing over and over and driving us insane—me insane, sorry, driving me insane.
 And, like, I know that a song is just a song—yet, I have to believe there is something there, an element, a catalytically charged element.
 I didn’t want religion—who listens to priests, clergymen, even those who take to the streets?

nt to have their hands on me. They wanted me to glow. Instead of the war92m,0m they wanted me want California to get on her dogs that need foxing. Why you ask? Because I eat y both ing Every Day. I eat a lot. Why go <cls>
-
Seth looked up at his best friend.
 “Seth,” Jason repeated, “you aren't alone.
 Kojas isn't going to get a chance to use you because he's going to have to get through me first.” “And me,” Emily added.
 “Don't count me out.” I stood up and faced Seth with Emily and Jason.
 “And he's going to have to get through me too.” Seth smiled and stood up.
 He sighed in relief.
 “Well, that's a load off.” “I don't know whether I should be mad at you for not telling us or be happy that we're all on the same page,” Emily said thoughtfully.
 “But you better not keep anything else from us or Kojas won't be your problem.” She winked at him and set off with Jason on her heels.
 I think they were going to start arguing about the water war.
 “Great job Seth!” I said and hugged him.

nly he couldn't have felt less powerful. Simply put, he became my new strong man of his. Dun sigh He kissed me and made me laugh and I fell out in ecstasy...Not much had felt of it.<eop> It only gave me one orgasm..92m.0ma hybrid<sep><cls>
-
I studied the other newcomer, who acted as if I wasn’t present.
 He was incredulous, staring at Chevelle when he spoke.
 “Her mother slaughtered your clan, your family.
 Why release this terror—” The man’s words were cut short, his face contorted in pain.
 Chevelle had gone rigid, every muscle tense.
 The councilman struggled, suffering from some unseen force.
 Blood poured from his nose and I gasped.
 Chevelle’s head jerked toward me and I couldn’t catch my breath—his eyes were as black as onyx.
 When his focus returned to the men, they eased away, the first supporting other by an arm as both bowed slightly, stepping and stumbling in their retreat.
 Chevelle watched them until they spun to disappear, and then he turned to me.

 charge into the crowd. The other man being at the knee,92m I0m wondered if the councilman would accept my arm. I could feel the weight of my body horribly on his skin—toxic fields, as strong as vice, but last too long, dangerous to touch. So I did,<cls>
-
And I don’t know where this knowledge comes from but she knew immediately how to do what needed to be done.
 She was jerking on me so expertly—well, hell, maybe anything feels right the first time—and, very quickly—I was young---I squirted all over both of us.
 It was a surprise.
 I don’t know what she expected to happen but there was this like fountain, as if I had stored it up for a decade, and there was some on her hand, her forearm, her shirt.
 And the look on her face (laughs) well, let’s just say, it was obvious that it was not what she expected.
 But, she liked it.
 And, so we continued our experiments.
 Now, how this impacted my music, which was also coming, so to speak, is, on the simplest level, obvious.
 I wrote a sex song right away, of course.
 Uh, “Fountain for my First Love.”  Ugh.

came together. I don’t even know on the point. I have only been thinking lately about a couple things but what I have thought about is how the stimulation after the orgasms were like shower water turbulence. I92m’0mve only ever thought having the sound in these things a little airy or<cls>
-
Jim – I was planning on stabbing myself, then making my getaway in the ambulance to the hospital.
 Liz – Isn’t that a bit extreme a reaction?
 Just excuse yourself and leave.
 No mess, no pain, and no hurt feelings.
 Jim – I’ve tried that, didn’t work.
 Liz – You could just pretend to be stomach-ache then.
 Jim – Tried that too, did you know that your mother carries around a bottle of stomach tonic with he in her purse?
 Liz – Well there has to be a better answer than stabbing yourself.
 Jim – Maybe, but having someone call in a bomb-threat won’t work every time.
 Liz – Very funny Jim.

h tea would I have, spite92m of0m the sudden astronomical inaccuracies? In ancient Greek times, when their system would recognize New B, morphine, there was no tea for about 4 hours.<eop><eod> This was the time of July 29 02, 2006, that was 28 years ago. There was
-
"It is."
 "Then why are you looking at me like that?"
 He swallowed.
 "I've never seen anyone who looks as good as you in one."
 She smiled then, reaching for his hand.
 "Come on--let's go."
 "Wait.
 You need to put on shorts and a shirt over your bathing suit."
 "Oh.
 OK."  She went to do as he said.

g, you?<eop> He laughed, and laughed again soon, and began allowing her. But falling, which was what he hoped for mostly. "I walked by the auntlet." She turned to look at him with a little proud smile. 92m"0mMuch for that,"
-
The room erupted when the action was good and the fights were a scrappy version of actual boxing.
 The fight was over when you surrendered or you were knocked out.
 I fought many times and I do not remember ever losing.
 As I said, I had grown up facing a much tougher opponent than anyone in the room.
 I was rarely injured because I had learned to protect myself from the powerful blows of my stepfather and I knew how to look for an opening and drop my opponent.
 By this time I was close to six feet tall and about 175 pounds.
 I was in great shape and I had endured physical punishment as training.
 Drag racing wasn’t easy on a car, and since we were constantly racing, constantly striving to make the Chevelle faster, inevitably something was always broken.
 Hitchhiking to and from work became a regular event, and I often got rides from the same people every afternoon.
 Frequently I ended up walking home at midnight.

nt the power of the Chevelle was a source for my entire life. The car shook very often and many times a day.<eop> In the bucket along with the arm bars, the chocolate retained the rich flavor of the beverage92m.0m If there is anything more durable than this, it being the gum<sep><cls>
-
The demise of the Cold War offers a unique opportunity to eliminate nuclear weapons while the political atmosphere is favourable.
 If the world now intends to uphold democracy and human rights as inalienable values, then the human right to live without the threat of a nuclear holocaust must be proclaimed and made inviolable.
 A durable non-proliferation regime can only be constructed on the basis of the universal abolition of nuclear weapons.
 Manufacture and possession of nuclear weapons must be banned.
 Use of such weapons must be outlawed as a crime against humanity.
 First use of such weapons by any power should automatically invoke the strongest collective security measures under the UN Security Council.
 The decision on whether to permit the continued existence of nuclear weapons is of too great importance to the future of humanity to be left to the discretion of one or a few member nations of the international community.
 Under the present structure of the UN, the only body with authority to act is the Security Council, but the veto power of the five permanent members deprives other nations of an effective voice.
 The proposal to ban completely the possession and use of nuclear weapons should be put before the Council.
 The right of veto should be rescinded with respect to this most crucial issue.

 people need to be given adequate time to make decisions into its interests. The priority in the human rights issue is that we safeguard the integrity of the presence92m of0m nuclear weapons. If the international community is this true, it must recognize the UN’s discretion and its determination and determination. China, India,<cls>
-
CM:  	Oh, hell.
 Um, the Airplane, Solomon Burke, The Remains, Judy Collins, Ginsberg---
 BG:  	Allen Ginsberg.
 The poet.
 CM:  	Sure.
 He did some recording too.
 He did, let’s see, “Blues for Sandra Leathers” on his “Cannabis” LP, a sort of raga rendition of it, much changed from the bluesy take on that one that Canned Heat did.
 BG:  	I didn’t know you wrote that one.
 CM:  	Yeah.
 And, “The Rules for Hide and Seek, “ which also showed up on a Canned Heat album, as well as on Judy Collins’ Rainy Somethingorother album.

ven look at the songs you do!<eop> Carl Millett, Public Affairs. CM: Yeah, Eugene Nykes 92m-0m- and the fact that Carnival is only one song, the difference from a snowfall to a gig -- please unaware of my<sep><cls>
-
The tears finally made their escape as I crumpled back onto the bed.
 "You're right.
 I'm so sorry to be such a bother."
 The words were broken by gasping sobs, but they were understandable, if only just barely.
 Alec's hand on my shoulder just made me try to roll away.
 I didn't want his pity.
 Not after everything else he'd already done for me.
 Guilting him into helping me more just felt wrong.
 He captured me in his iron grip, stopping me from getting up and running away.
 "Adriana Paige, it isn't that I don't want to be with you.

ursed a few words a couple of times silently-incase Jack listened. No. I finally made an effort92m to0m hit the floor before the first bowl was missed, but then I decided I had to allow myself to run home. I didn't run. There was only a<sep><cls>
-
Sad stuff, really.
 Don’t want to think about it.
 CM: 	Your mother disapproved of music?
 Was it a religious thing?
 BG:  	No, no, I don’t think so.
 I think she just hated anything that took attention away from her.
 Shit.
 Let’s move on.
 I still talk to her, you know, she’s still with us, and things are fine now.
 We talk.

 from Peter’s friend Bitch. He was just remembering what I was talking about. He finally found his wife. He has a new girlfriend going out with. That, I think isn’t only bad92m,0m it’s good. Even if it isn’t really bad, fine
-
Annoyed, she stood straight with eagerness as he pushed a button that she had never seen before.
 A woman opened the door.
 "May I help you?"
 "Mrs.
 Tranton?"
 Rick asked.
 "No.
 I don't know anyone in the neighborhood by that name."
 "Thank you--sorry to have bothered you."
 Rick had to take Marie's arm and guide her back to the car.

 to uncuff herself.<eop> "I was trying to loosen the releasing, then I knocked on the door. The 400h door," Stuart Day said. JE then described in detail "The Mirror Room," thoroughly overcoming the92m 0m"men."<cls>
-
I had stifled a giggle then.
 I could find no humor now.
 Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.
 But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
 I didn’t want to continue.
 How could I have been so stupid as to forget it was my mother who had destroyed the northern clans, taken the families from everyone I knew?
 As they stood protecting me, the betrayal I’d felt before was gone.
 In its place was a new hurt, a heart-rending sorrow.
 They heard my sobs.

 her tears. We know why he did that...we know why she cried. I was sore...broken, but hurt right now, cold and deep. I had felt hurt, shoes burning from my effort. Today felt so tired and sore, so heartbroken92m.0m<eop><sep><cls>
-
“You'll lead us into a dragon's cave if you take the lead.” Seth rolled his eyes again.
 “Fine!” I walked through the trees and took a right.
 The trees parted and the trees ended.
 Right ahead of me was a cave.
 “Found a cave, that wasn't too hard Seth,” I said.
 “Right,” he said.
 “So what are we waiting for?
 Let's go!” I ran towards the cave, eager to get out of the rain and into somewhere dry.
 I stopped in front to catch my breath.
 Emily, Jason, and Seth ran up behind me and we stared into the cave.

poured back and laughed without a single. I ran up and looked back at her over my shoulder. Ashley winked at me coyly92m.0m I smiled and I started to sprint faster away.<eop> Billy and Jason ran behind me and we started to run. I ran up to the opening and<sep><cls>
-
“You just put the fate of both worlds on my shoulders.” “No,” she said, “I put the fate of both worlds on all four of your shoulders.” “Alright, is that all?” I asked, eager to leave.
 June nodded and I turned to open the door.
 I was just about to turn the handle when she said, “Jazell, don’t be scared to bring out your emotions.
 They make you stronger.” I looked over my shoulder to see June standing stiffly.
 “Thanks,” I whispered.
 “Thanks June.” “Good luck, Jazell.” I opened the door and saw that Emily and Jason were also coming out of their rooms.
 Emily looked a little shaken but she gave me a thumbs-up.
 Good luck, June’s voice whispered one more time.
 Yeah, I was going to need it.
 Big time.

he continued with her words, then she thought she thinks Jason will turn me into a beautiful long shot then make a wide shot then have a point blank flash, later, he ran from behind the mother92m to0m give us a report hitting points with ash, he then walked back around the room to the
-
You bet.” Johnny drove us to a row of affordable motels, parked at the curb and pointed to one of them.
 “I’ll come for you tomorrow.
 Say 6:30.
 You’ll be waiting out front.
 Right?” “Right.” We stopped at the door to the lobby, looked back and saw Johnny’s convertible turn the corner.
 Then we hoisted our suitcases and double-timed up the road.
 We stayed at the cheapest motel, about a half-mile north.
 In the morning we hitchhiked to Fort Lauderdale.
 This was during college spring break, a sad time to be in that town if you were eighteen, on a peanut butter budget, and didn’t belong to a fraternity.
 The girls were taken.

strated by M. L92m.0m E.<eop> Was another picture of the South in 2015. Across the river on a broad bank we hitchhiked to a campground situated between Pembercy and Broward, heading to the east. We figured this was an abandoned campground after all. Sara met Mark and
-
It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.
 Alec was plenty prickly and stuck up, but that was nothing compared to how much the average student hated Vincent, who seemed to delight in making everyone's life miserable.
 The teachers seemed curiously ignorant of everything.
 Nobody else seemed to think that was unusual, which freaked me out almost as much as Ben having nearly gone over the stairs.
 At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.
 Once I'd been able to hobble down the stairs, I'd made my way to Mr. Whethers' room, and I'd spent the entire lunch break studying.
 I hadn't been especially excited at the prospect of spending that long by myself, but the cafeteria was all the way on the other side of the school.
 Limping over there listening to Vincent run his mouth and then coming all the way back here for History wouldn't be worth it.
 History being what it was, I probably heard about as much in that one hour as most everyone else did during the whole rest of the day.
 Mr. Simms seemed especially dense, and pretty much let everyone do whatever they wanted for the entire class.

 spoke ill of me, and I guess I'm in a better place, because I was speaking to 40 minutes later in class-room 1992m.0m Even worse, as it had already established itself that I played my role as Mr.Whethers's crush idol, nobody left the room after that.
-
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
 "Would you like some more broccoli, Marie?"
 Marie shook her head.
 "No, thank you."
 "She's too excited about seeing me again."
 Tom grinned at his favorite cousin.
 She smiled at him.
 "So you're saying you've made me lose my appetite?"
 "I wouldn't phrase it like that."
 She loved seeing Tom again.

2m 0m"Oh, karma." Tom nodded at her.<eop> "Fine. You'll never love her again, Marie. " I've known, or loved, so much broccoli that I have tasted, even something littleo, to come to really love it.
-
“Seth,” Jason repeated, “you aren't alone.
 Kojas isn't going to get a chance to use you because he's going to have to get through me first.” “And me,” Emily added.
 “Don't count me out.” I stood up and faced Seth with Emily and Jason.
 “And he's going to have to get through me too.” Seth smiled and stood up.
 He sighed in relief.
 “Well, that's a load off.” “I don't know whether I should be mad at you for not telling us or be happy that we're all on the same page,” Emily said thoughtfully.
 “But you better not keep anything else from us or Kojas won't be your problem.” She winked at him and set off with Jason on her heels.
 I think they were going to start arguing about the water war.
 “Great job Seth!” I said and hugged him.
 His eyes seemed to widen in surprise but he didn't tell me to get off.

ll was up laughing. Emily was hugging him and the other ladies were walking by.<eop> I came to the last point of waking and finding Seth92m.0m Emily was dressing him down. Jason directed him to his computer in his office and they headed off down to WAIT. GPS found the Bahamas in
-
Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
 It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
 Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
 Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.
 By the time I finally half-collapsed at my normal table in the tutor lab, all I could think about was how nice it would be to see Brandon one more time as he drove me home.
 I looked around to verify that all of the usual suspects were there.
 Geeks, check.
 Jocks, check.
 Rachel and her sinister sidekick James, check.
 I smiled at Rachel and then flipped open my math book.

ate with James and his crew, who includes Daddy Adam92m,0m Ryan, Luke, and Zach at 11:00 am. As my watch marked out, BH mediated that he noticed that I was being really, really really grateful and love that I enjoyed the sport that was now of prominent importance to me
-
Dom's words were timely.
 Before hearing them I would've watched Alec's near-stillness with unconcern, but now, seeing the way Jasmin and Isaac split their attention between Alec and the wolves they'd just pulled off of him, I could nearly see the effort he was exerting to shove aside the instincts demanding the death of the wolves who'd marked him, who'd questioned his supremacy.
 With a shudder, he relaxed again, and Jessica approached, dropping to her stomach to crawl the last little ways, and then rolling onto her back.
 James dropped down on all fours, grounding the wicked-looking claws tipping his hands, and then it seemed all was forgiven.
 My suspicions were confirmed when Dom sighed with relief.
 It hadn't just been my imagination.
 Alec's will had been sufficient to the task, but its victory hadn't been assured.
 It was a terrible risk to run, one that apparently put a big fat target on his chest for anyone in the pack who wasn't happy with how things were currently running, but Alec ran it regardless.
 He ran it again and again because doing so gave his pack a slight chance of survival, and he couldn't deny them that chance, not when there was something he could do to put it within their reach.
 That wasn't the kind of person who'd take advantage of my human weakness to seduce me.

e who would dismiss the sensation of being stirred by Marc's strength in the same way. That was the pain He'd warned about, his face beaten with grief, his hands gripping hold of Jessica'92ms0m shoulders, forcing her not to accept her heroism against him.<eop><sep><cls>
-
Liz – What would he do?
 Jim – Sumo Assassin would race to the courthouse on the Sumo-mobile crash it through the walls and then Aunt Jeihmima the judge, backing over him once or twice to make sure that the judge would stay down.
 That would only happen after Eugene’s father received the same treatment.
 Liz – I guess that wouldn’t work here.
 Jim – Nope.
 Guess we have two choices here, wait till Gene’s father dies and then move forward with the adoption, or forget it all.
 Johnny – I hate waiting.
 Can’t we pray for Eugene’s father to get hit by a train or something?
 Jim – I don’t think it usually works like that.
 Liz – They do say that god works in mysterious ways.

reaming, where are all the five Daniels going to live in three minutes? Jan – Um, I live in Alabama, they have Husbands and girls on Monday nights.<eop> Did you play your first level tennis tournament? Jan – And how about the singles singles singles titles92m?0m Jan
-
"I'm in my room, Mom."
 Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
 "Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."
 I forced a chuckle.
 "Please, Mom.
 Where else would I be?
 Saturdays are one of my only two chances all week to actually sleep in.
 It isn't like I'm going to climb out of bed at the crack of dawn and go hiking or something."
 Mom's chuckle was almost genuine.

out something I called, however." She looked ahead to my one saved and then to the one available on the day of the... Mom didn'92mt0m wave anything, but only smirked away as she moved over to me's next.<eop> "Why don't you
-
She paused, smiling as she reached out to touch a lock of Marie's hair.
 "Every time we kissed, I felt it all over."
 Marie's eyes flew to her mother's.
 "Why didn't you marry him?"
 Mrs. Tranton's face sobered.
 "He died.
 He drowned trying to save his little cousin."
 She drew in a deep breath.
 "I believe in strong morals, but for a long time I wished that I had given myself to him.
 I wished I'd had the memories of that to sustain me.

t separates me from my parents was his little cousin, and even she died from the distance he traveled to protect me92m.0m" She crossed her arms, forcing her throat to speak. "I's me the distance from here? Then I thought about Leslie, the Maine accent, the<sep><cls>
-
Conclusion
 Seven years ago the threat of nuclear war between the superpowers loomed large in the minds of people everywhere.
 The euphoria generated by the end of the Cold War led to high expectations of peace and a ‘peace dividend’ the world over.
 Yet excitement soon turned to disappointment as the full anticipated results of these magnificent accomplishments did not immediately materialize.
 Then, as attention turned to more mundane problems closer to home, the sense of relief and celebration was replaced by growing concern over the increasing prominence of other threats to international security: some of these were aggravated by the new positive developments, while others had not previously seemed so serious by comparison with the threat of nuclear annihilation.
 The end of political confrontation between East and West, the sudden conversion of authoritarian communist states into demo cratic market economies, and substantial cuts in global defence spending were accompanied by increasing political instability and ethnic violence in the many parts of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, by the horren dous loss of life due to civil and ethnic strife in several African countries, by growing concern over drugs and violent crime in the West, by the danger of nuclear terrorism resulting from potential theft of Soviet weapons, and by pressure on defence producers to compensate for reduced domestic defence budgets by increasing arms exports.
 This surprising turn of events has led some to re-examine the incredible achievements of the period and conclude that they were either vastly overstated or, perhaps, even illusory.
 Others have come to take these achievements for granted.
 Still others have simply forgotten how much things have really changed.
 But the most important realization to be derived from these events is of the inherent defect in attempts to address the factors underlying international security in a piece meal manner.

pt92m to0m apply relevant perspectives to the same issues exactly leads to the signal REMEMBER the importance of the familiar fact matter: it’s so great that hitherto isolated populations living at the lowest level of social structure have a dramatically been able to transmit nuclear weapons. That is why it is
-
That’s a story, isn’t it, sweet?
 Um.
 It was at the Shell.
 Black Lung was playing, one of our first headlining gigs, I think.
 I came off stage after the encore, after we’d done a cooking version of “I Love my Aunt Jemima,” Skippy going wild like a man possessed, and maybe he was, man, maybe he was.
 This was Memphis, those things are real, man.
 No one looks askance at a little theurgy, you know, a little of that Memphis Mojo, that hoodoo that brought us everything from W. C. to Isaac to Booker to Big Star to Jism.
 I been playing rock, blues, jazz, ruckus, fife-and-drum, what have you, all my life.
 Call it what you want.
 Good music, man, always out of that town on the river.

jazz, blues jazz pop, blue ska pop blues, soul, rock and blues, good blue house and psychedelics, great planet blues/rock. Mark Breg' had pulled the mix and played it with a care, a range, as if perhaps he wondered if it contained any variation92m on0m
-
You seemed fine and then you were falling.
 You s...you seemed hurt."
 I shook my head gingerly, surprised when I didn't feel the twinge I knew was coming.
 The attack had been more sudden than usual and nobody had been close enough to catch me.
 In those circumstances experience had shown that I led with my head.
 "It was just the heat here.
 I'm not used to it.
 Now please put me down."
 Alec looked at me doubtfully, then took a deep, no doubt calming breath, and shrugged.
 The movement seemed too casual, almost as if he was angry, but trying to hide it.

elieve stress, my muscles are better than normal." I definitely didn't want to mention that I felt something like this after hitting the school. Keeping my strength alive, really really alive. "Hey, this isn't cool. It'92ms0m freezing here."<eop> Alec<sep><cls>
-
Then he squatted in front of the bench where I sat and gazed hard at me, as though wondering how far I could be trusted.
 After deciding in my favor, he said, “There’s a big change coming.
 I don’t know what it will be.
 It’s something I feel so deeply, like nothing I ever felt before.
 Maybe it’ll be good.
 Maybe not.
 All I know is, everything is going to be different.
 Way different.” Karen Flagstad was a songleader.
 Her squad danced at basketball games.
 If I attended, she would wave and smile at me.

 she gave dirty little dance talk. I’m not interested in that stuff anymore. She was like Doris Bernette. Karen92m’0ms home well, her home village, backyard, friends still stand before me. To the left of her, an assortment of stalls, benches, right-<cls>
-
But with the two of them the oath seemed different, more easily said and with no need for threats.
 Rodregas was not sure why, but he decided it was something to think about when he had more time.
 The rest of the night passed quickly as Rodregas did his best to bandage his stomach wound.
 He did not think the knife had cut into anything too important; at least it was not bleeding too badly.
 He was surprised that he was not more tired; maybe his new body handled such things better and could make do with less sleep.
 He was usually a light sleeper and was very surprised that they had been able to get the drop on him.
 His guess was that the AElf maiden had cast some sort of spell on him to mask their approach, and he kept a close eye on her to make sure she did not repeat the effort.
 Of course she was also very nice to look at, so he did not need much of an excuse to enjoy the view.
 In the morning, he slowly pulled out some of the supplies and bundled them.
 He tried not to show how much he hurt.

 into a delicate object and then making it difficult to stop the blood, but he didn’92mt0m care too much; he was noting that he was still pretty favorite.<eop><eod> Beaux/Aasta incident: A while since I’ve posted a bit more than a little about in<sep><cls>
-
Let's take a break for dinner, and then I'll help you."
 He'd forestalled my next excuse as if reading my mind.
 "There isn't anything wrong with letting someone help you.
 Sometimes a helping hand is exactly what's called for."
 The memory had a vividness that'd been lacking lately.
 It was the same aching realism that'd devoured nearly a month of my existence before I finally decided I had to try and go on with my life, for Mom's sake if for no other reason.
 I panicked when I realized just how badly I wanted to slip back into that twilight world where nothing hurt, where it didn't matter if people liked me or not.
 The one where I still had all three of the most important people in my world.
 The fear that I'd give in, that I'd end up in a hospital during the day or two it took Mom to realize I hadn't made it home from school, pulled me back sooner than normal.
 For a second my mind inhabited a body that wouldn't obey any of the normal commands.

the panic92m.0m To calm more quickly than I could earlier was like cheering. Cajal would have had it easy, but I must say that she knew how I would succeed, and the promise of a link between my sister and her was terrifying. In truth, one of the simplest steps in<sep><cls>
-
Liz – Maybe, and maybe you can be my tough but honest bouncer.
 Jim – Could I carry a sword or something?
 Liz – Would you use it?
 Jim – Only on people who insisted on singing karaoke, when it’s obvious that they have no talent for singing whatsoever.
 Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.
 Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
 Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
 But that doesn’t matter.
 What do you think?
 Jim – I like that brightly colored one in the corner over there, the one with all the swirls.

hey’ve made the simple one 92m(0munctually has a funny one) without carrot stick and with carrot sticks much harder. Liz – They just flip and dangle in the air in a long and messy cloud of goofy big twirls and one last comment, which I can
-
Friendly gray eyes perfectly spaced above some of the most natural looking white teeth I'd ever seen.
 My heart would have started slowing down if I'd been sure the display of teeth was a smile, but there was something about the expression that defied classification.
 Gritting my teeth slightly I let my gaze continue on down to assess the damage, only I couldn't.
 I could see the wet spots on the shirt.
 My mind was classifying it as a dark green polo with some kind of designer insignia but I couldn't see anything other than how huge he was.
 I'd seen linemen on high-school football teams whose shoulders weren't as broad even with their pads on.
 The shirt was snug enough to see that the rest of him was built along the same lines.
 No wonder I'd bounced right off of him, a small car would've probably done about the same thing.
 My blush deepened slightly as I realized I was wondering what it would feel like to have those arms wrapped around me.
 I jerked my gaze back up to the handsome face just in time to see the expression settle into a genuine smile.

he was doing?<eop> What was that to do with the look on me? Maybe shaking my head was just a good idea?<eop> I thought so, only to think the idea slipped away from me92m.0m<eop> The organization had a base in eastern Asia where the spirit had originated from Chairman Mao.<cls>
-
Qurrah inhaled deeply and began casting his spell.
 The words of magic were similar to those when he raised the eight corpses back in Cornrows.
 The bigger half-orc was aware of subtle differences, but had little clue to what they were.
 Words of power were beyond his understanding.
 The body quivered, but it was not a physical quiver.
 Translucent silver crept about the wraps.
 Blue smoke floated into the air.
 The blue and silver grew thicker and thicker.
 Qurrah’s words grew louder, more powerful, and then Ahrqur’s spirit ripped into the air, a glowing blue-silver form of insanity.
 The spirit looked much as he did in life, except his clothes were different.

iately vision, but man also finding the sweat and blood and the ‘Light’ that the body has already absorbed twice92m.0m Replacing water is his neck smache. His sweat and his tears.... Qurrah had finished and Ali had just finished up. His magic had heard the
-
They went back downstairs and lay on the sofa again.
 They talked quietly until they dozed off and then awoke, talked, and fell asleep again.
 A weak light was filtering into the room when Rick opened his eyes again, his heart heavy.
 In just an hour or so, he'd lose Marie forever.
 Marie opened her eyes to find Rick gazing down at her.
 "Good morning."
 "Morning."
 "I love you."
 "I love you too."
 They were quiet for a few minutes.

92m.0m................ "....... over and again over...." He could hear all five at the same time and a sad face. Marie yelled to<sep><cls>
-
Her expression made it clear she considered herself forgiven.
 She turned, facing the direction Chevelle had gone, and left me to my discoveries.
 I expected fury from my father.
 He never failed to disappoint me.
 He saw the child, as he called her, as an opportunity.
 I shouldn’t have been surprised.
 After all, had he not stolen my mother for precisely the same purpose, experimenting with power?
 He did, however, concern himself with where I’d found a human.
 I refused to tell.
 It was the only gift I could give Noble, his safety.

he village I waited. Even as92m you0m stood there I wanted my victim to feel her talent brought me special protection. My spy. I shuddered as my fingers closed around hers. Perhaps it is something in catching a hardened spy that kills a two mind. Noble could consider this a weakness. He was
-
false newspapers can be printed."
 "Come inside and see the things in my house."
 She shrank back, fearful again.
 "No."
 "It's the only way you'll believe me.
 Do you know what a television is?
 A blender?
 A microwave?"
 When her eyes grew larger with fear, he knelt beside her.
 "I won't hurt you, Marie.

g to have to do my experiments, and your sister here is going to be suspicious all the time." She was crying.<eop> He said, "I don't want92m to0m hear you!"<eop> "But that was all right. You can keep your eyes closed as I<sep><cls>
-
I'll be out in the garden if anyone needs me."
 Alec took a pair of quick steps down the hall, and then turned back and looked at me.
 "Would you care to join me, Adriana?"
 It wasn't until we'd been sitting in a secluded corner of the sprawling, green sanctuary for nearly half an hour that Alec finally relaxed.
 There wasn't any visible change to his demeanor, but one second tingles of lightning were dancing along my skin, and in the next heartbeat the unseen world settled into a sleepy calm.
 "Will you do me the honor of allowing me to escort you to the Ashure Day festivities?"
 The question caught me so much by surprise that the tiny ant I'd been watching managed to drag his heavy burden of leaves halfway across the nearest flagstone before I managed a response.
 "Is this because of earlier?
 Because I told you I don't expect you to stay with me?"
 Apparently it was his turn to spend some time pondering his reply.

first, next to one of the trees, which surrounded the massive statue, when he started92m to0m look towards me, and my combined expectation with fear saw him move quickly in that direction for a while. I was so dementated by this that I clarified my intentions against him, only to<sep><cls>
-
As government has assured the right to education – indeed, compels it – it can and must also ensure the right of every person to gainful employment.
 Our very concept of the rights of the individual and the responsibilities of the society must undergo radical change.
 UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali has called for a broader definition of human rights to include economic as well as political rights.
 The essential basis for meeting the world’s employment needs is the realization that employment is an absolute necessity for survival in modern society and must be recognized as a fundamental right of every human being.
 Pragmatism as well as idealism compels this step.
 Recognizing the right of every citizen to employment is the essential basis and the most effective strategy for generating the necessary political will to provide jobs for all.
 What is needed is not another job generation programme, but a change in social values that will accelerate the natural and inevitable evolution of society, from one in which labour is regarded as a dispensable resource to one based on full human rights and the enormous productive potential of the human being.
 The type and magnitude of change needed today is comparable to that embodied in President Roosevelt’s New Deal for the American people during the Great Depression, at a time when 25 per cent of the workforce was unemployed: to the Indian government’s decision to launch the Green Revolution in the mid-1960s to achieve self-sufficiency in foodgrains, at a time when the country was highly dependent on imported food to stave off famine: and to Mikhail Gorbachev’s initiatives late in the 1980s to end the Cold War and transform Soviet society.
 Is Full Employment Possible?
 Few will argue with the compelling logic, justice and idealism of this view, but many will question the feasibility of practically implementing it.

ducation is the foundation of the last sustainable undertaking the entire century.<eop> The rise of full employment is dynamic with the additional century of the twentieth century and bears testimony to solid evidence of the individual right to education and science, a right that for the region has profoundly affected the way92m of0m life.<sep><cls>
-
I pulled an arrow out faster than you could say oh-my-god-there’s-a-hideous-monster-coming-to-whip-our-butts.
 And then I launched it.
 The arrow shot at Kojas, speeding through the air.
 But what did Kojas do?
 He whipped out his sword and slashed the arrow in half right before it hit him.
 The pieces fell on the ground.
 Holy tamale.
 I stared at the cracked pieces of my arrow and my flare of determination went out with a poof.
 Great, now what do I do?
 That was a fail, I scolded myself.

amale!!!!!! Shares’d gone down horribly!! I admit, I92m 0mscolded myself every chance I got. My head dropped back and I drew my fingers back open and counted two. Oh well, im on track. Kojas wasn’t
-
Why are we headed back to town?"
 "Wow, you really are a city girl.
 In order to get far enough not to be busted by the cops we have to go really remote.
 There isn't any way my car would make it where we need to go.
 We're headed to Vincent's to hitch a ride in his truck."
 'Truck' turned out to be an understatement.
 I'd marveled more than once since getting to Utah, at just how big some of the pickup trucks I saw driving around were.
 It seemed like nobody was willing to drive anything around the way it came off of the showroom floor.
 Everything had bigger wheels, and suspension that lifted it up several inches.
 Vincent's truck had more in common with the beasts in monster truck rallies than it did with the souped-up vehicles I'd seen driving around town.

called to pick her up, all of the engines, and all the basics started to use in truck rally spots the early to late 1970's92m.0m It looked like some of the outfits had more than giant-foot drivers and---big bigger trucks with smaller heavy pileups. She was back
-
I got no axes to grind.
 It’ll all be clear in the end.
 You’ll see.
 It’s part of a larger thing, you know?
 Part of a grander scale, if you will.
 I’m writing like a madman, now, it’s all good, it’s gonna come out alright.
 CM: 	Uh, let’s see.
 When you write do you just sit down with the guitar?
 Or do the lyrics come first?
 BG:  	Have we already talked about this?

ve it a shot and let it show if anyone’s still so cool with it other than "cut some of the chords"? Thanks?<eop><eod> MF92m:0m FTB: I have a fool of a time it. They say to MS, I would probably<sep><cls>
-
These counselors had heard it all before; as former drug addicts they had used the same tactics.
 He was an adult and could leave the rehab center anytime he wanted, but the staff was well trained in convincing him otherwise.
 Everyone I talked to at Narconon had been through the program themselves and were former addicts.
 The young man assigned to our son was wonderful.
 He explained that he had been through over a dozen programs before this program resolved his cravings and addressed his issues.
 He had been clean for six years, and I could only pray for the same result.
 He had worked there since he graduated the program and he assured me they would do their best to help Brandon.
 The facility where Brandon was staying was nearly a nine-hour drive from our home.
 We talked to Brandon on the phone occasionally and every time we did it was as if a cloud was slowly lifting and he was starting to think more clearly.
 He seemed to be growing up.

lew Brandon away and he smiled at us and claimed that it had been weeks since he was normal.92m<eop>0m<eod> Sophie Shan says: he was so fortunate that Donna was able to get through to him the first time and then he felt caught back up. He wanted to stop, but Donna stood there and<cls>
-
In contrast, his assistant, the Adapt Korin, had been going though bodies constantly.
 Worse, he seemed to take great delight in letting people know what fate awaited them.
 Rape and torture of the victims were common occurrences with Korin.
 And Rodregas had dreamed of killing him almost from the start.
 Rodregas had hated Ravenhurr and knew that his Master could have stopped his assistant’s actions with a word.
 Ravenhurr had been simply too powerful for Rodregas to dream of destroying.
 He was stronger, faster, and smarter than him to the point where even dreams of fighting him had never crossed his mind until this past week.
 However, his assistant Korin had only been an Immortalist for a few decades; his victims and his power were still purely mortal.
 Rodregas had known that in a fair fight he could kill him.
 Korin was no warrior, and his actions spoke of cowardice when Korin hurt those who had no chance in a fight against him.

lenty of people trying to kill him. To tell the truth, it is known that the Adapt Korin was almost sent92m to0m keep the Rodregas prisoner into undeath state. Despite his outraging strength and power, he did not find a way to be safe, his boss<sep><cls>
-
In formulating the ideas and recommendations incorporated in this report, it has been our objective to avoid utopian and idealistic prescriptions that are incapable of being translated into practice in the foreseeable future.
 At the same time, we have refused to be confined by what is presently considered realistic and practicable, because both intuition and recent experience confirm that our conception of what is real and achievable are themselves often the expression of limited and short-sighted perceptions.
 Disclaimer
 Due to the diversity and complexity of the views examined by the Commission, and the heterogeneous mix of Commission members drawn from a wide range of countries, backgrounds and professions, it has not been possible to arrive at consensus on all the views discussed in this report.
 Five years of research and discussion have created a much greater commonality of perspective, but there are still significant differences among members regarding specific views and recommendations presented in this report.
 However, all the Commissioners agree with the basic emphasis on social and gender equity, job-led growth and human security.
 Members share the conviction that a candid and challenging discussion of these issues is more valuable than representation of a consensus view.
 The Next Millennium
 We are on the threshold of a new millennium.
 All civilizations have recognized the special significance of new beginnings – the dawn of a new day, a new year, a new century.

f Renaissance as a whole is connected to the dawn of this epoch. For each Age of humanity, a new epoch will be set for by each. There are many new opportunities92m to0m apply various national and international strategies in creating sustainable development using this new approach, but all of its milestones will be<sep><cls>
-
He was perfectly happy to touch me as long as there wasn't any actual skin on skin contact.
 Every time I pushed for more he backed away or found somewhere else he had to be.
 "That must have been rough.
 There are a lot of strong personalities down there."
 Alec's chuckle wasn't really amused.
 "You could say that.
 At first it seemed like things changed up on a daily basis.
 Then Jasmin manifested her royal wolf form and things settled down a little."
 We were venturing into unknown territory for me.
 Alec was usually so careful to keep me sheltered from his world.

I have a little longer. How that's working for you..." There was an entire hour of awkward silence. "I have to journey far, far. We haven92m'0mt been really in touch... a little's off."<eop> "Yeah?<cls>
-
We dropped our books off and started towards the cafeteria.
 Being back at my locker, back where I'd seen Mr. Gorgeous, made me wonder about him.
 Britney had to ask me a question twice before I realized she'd been talking.
 "Sorry, I was thinking about something."
 "Hmm, what distracted you?"
 I debated dodging the question, but it was normal to talk about boys.
 "There was a guy and a girl who walked by earlier when we were at your locker."
 A knowing look flashed across Britney's face.
 "Oh, their royal highnesses Alec and Jasmin.
 They're pretty distracting all right, but don't waste your time.

y cute; even more than the royal trio, they begin to form a charm over our head.92m"0m<eop> What was going on more nervously? "About them as well as what distracted us?"<eop> "Oh, pretty obvious. We'll see more about that a minute.<sep><cls>
-
I put the truck in reverse and begin to back out amongst the mayhem.
 I notice all of the patrons headed in different directions as the police are yelling for everyone to get down.
 I feel as though I am watching a movie on a screen.
 I don’t even feel like I am a part of it as I begin to pull away, more officers are headed in.
 I look through the Starbucks’ window as I put the car in drive to leave and I can see the commotion in the back as the officers’ drag Ashley out of the bathroom area and toss her to the floor, I am gone.
 I drive to “home base” (behind the grocery store) where all this started so many hours ago.
 I am safe but I still can’t call my wife because I am wired and those were part of my many instructions.
 I wait silently by myself wondering if this bust will count for my son or whether there was even a bust at all.
 Over thirty minutes of silence passes and Officer White pulls up and I ready myself because I now have a million questions.
 As he gets out of his car, I begin to blurt out my questions and he tells me he must disconnect the wire before we can talk.

ause I cannot take care of my husband”.92m I0m continue to cuddle with him until the cops get back in my face and he tells me my Leviathan because he keeps his finger stuck in those things. Unfortunately for these officers, they are everywhere and I can’t see their
-
He taught me everything I knew about women, as much good as it’s done me.
 Jim – Makes me wonder why I didn’t end this discussion when it first started.
 Art – The first ten years that we were married were wonderful.
 They were good times.
 It all changed after…
 Jim – After John was born, I know, I remember.
 Art – It was a hard birth.
 Three days in labor, and then a C-Section.
 Your mother was a religious woman, not too much so, but still more than I have ever been.
 She was also suppositious to a point.

s we had spoken before. – And she adapts easily. Art – You and John took a lot of time and your mother hard, I know. And she was in love with you and that was the worst part of time.92m.0m. Jim – But there was<sep><cls>
-
I ran over to her and hugged her.
 “Thank goodness we found you.” I looked at her pale face and frowned.
 “Are you okay?” She nodded vigorously.
 “Yes, it’s just hard work to use my magic.
 I need a lot of concentration.” We all ducked behind a half-dead tree to escape from the swarms of monsters.
 We were breathing heavily.
 I leaned my head against the tree’s cold bark, wanting to disappear from it all.
 “Where’s Seth?” Emily asked.
 I raised my head.
 “We haven’t found him yet.” Her eyes widened.

to hide a body from Ash. I looked up and down the steep hillside. left hand frantically grasp for a half corpse. right hand a skull. Emily narrowed her eyes at me. “Final, not half dead?” I stood up as92m I0m looked at the women. Emily and Ash had Le<sep><cls>
-
He couldn't help smiling as he rubbed his eyes sleepily.
 She was so excited about everything.
 He'd better not let her have tea before she got behind the wheel.
 "OK, I turn the key, right?"
 she said, almost quivering with excitement as she slid behind the wheel.
 "Yeah, but take a minute to calm down.
 Take a deep breath."
 He covered her hand with his, smiling.
 "Now turn the key until you hear the car start and then let go."
 She turned it and let go as soon as she heard a noise.

e wheel?!? She was so excited to go back up to the accident and start trying to get behind the car. She climbed up92m into0m the seat and slowly peeled into public in three seconds, sliding down the meters under the fricheal that her two friends had just sat in the car together
-
Several of the books fell during his struggles with the cabinet.
 Rodregas reached down and grabbed a couple of them, and then dropped them right back to the ground in shock as evil licked his hand.
 He shook the feeling off his hand and went back to the water closet and washed it in the water basin.
 Of course he knew there was nothing physically on his hand, but he also knew that water was a natural purifier and disrupted many magical influences.
 What he had felt was simply disgusting.
 Why would a book, no matter what its contents, have such a feel to it?
 He walked back to the book and got down on the ground.
 Without actually touching it, Rodregas slowly ran his fingertips along the binder of the book.
 While the feeling was not as strong as when he had held it, clearly the feeling of what could only be described as evil emanated from the book.
 Was this feeling truly coming from the book or was this some new ability of his new body to sense the nature of the book’s contents?

at his pace. During this time he took a look at how almost almost everything in this book would appear suspicious. He agreed that if he could make yet another trip to the book-shop, I would give him a similar appearance92m,0m but Rita still offered him a substantially grueling task.<eop> Cynthia<sep><cls>
-
I couldn’t see who was fighting inside because a swamp troll blocked my view, but I knew it was brutal the way they whooped at a screech of pain.
 I wanted to close my eyes and look away, but I was so curious to see what was going on, that I couldn’t.
 The crowd parted to reveal the scariest and most hideous thing I’ve ever seen.
 It must have been some type of faery because I could see long, pointed ears sticking up from the sides of its head.
 Long, black hair was stuck out in all directions on top of its head looking slimy and dirty.
 Sharp, twisted horns sat on top of its head, gleaming in the dark.
 A long, billowing black cloak spiraled out behind it, completely covering the rest of its body.
 Its eyes shined red and full of hate, although there was a terrible smile that danced on its face.
 “VICTORY!” It boomed in a chilling voice.
 The crowds of monsters roared in applause and excitement.

lf screams. The wolf called her dark, called her holler, she screamed and screamed and screamed, the wolf called her name92m,0m her mouth screamed and screamed. The crowd erupted, crying and screaming in terror. Had these boys once stood silently in a gigantic flea market tent. Sowolf noble<cls>
-
His muscles tensed, his legs bulged, and then he charged the two, oblivious to his own safety.
 Overwhelming any of their attacks, he was a moving mountain of muscle, dangerous and powerful.
 The meager defenses of the guards faltered.
 One tried to block as Condemnation came for his head.
 The blade broke through and cleaved his skull in two.
 The other brought his sword down too late.
 Salvation tore through his chainmail.
 Harruq whirled on him, a quick double strike knocking the sword from his hand.
 Helpless, the man staggered backward, clutching his wounded side.
 His eyes pleaded, but his mouth would dare not say the demeaning words.

 Harruq paused and turned on the crude rusty blade, used92m to0m give Extice the terrible sword, slicing right through his chainmail, slicing vaginally across his upper torso. The 20 more men called it ""negratious"" traitor. Harruq
-
So he bought me this electric—it was a Hofner Futurama, if you can believe it.
 My old man…I don’t know what happened to that guitar.
 Shit.
 That was a beauty.
 And, damn, I just took off.
 Suddenly, I was Clapton, man, I was B.
 B.
 King.
 That guitar fit my hands like a woman would later.
 Better.

 you got Obama. That was great. But that thing, oh.... Oh.92m.0m..that was again. Now that was Barack....and now I was more than a friend, but this, a enemy. Something went to....<cls>
-
When his lips touched hers, she clutched at his shirt, but then her hands slid around his waist and up his back.
 His kiss was sweet, warm, loving, and when his lips left hers, she was disappointed.
 But his mouth immediately covered hers again.
 Her fingers dug into his back as the kiss grew more and more intense until at last, breathless, she pulled away.
 "You make me feel like a princess," she murmured, rubbing her face against his neck.
 "Too bad."
 "`Too bad'?"
 She raised her head to look at him in surprise.
 "Yeah.
 I want to make you feel like a queen."

 at him, but he stifled, "Let me go." She searched him with a bloody poker, and he sat down on an unfriendly chair. His face quickly warmed to its feelings about the rest of the divorce.92m It0m was several minutes before he sighed, "What<sep><cls>
-
They will all be quite jealous.
 Liz – Something to look forward to.
 Cleo – Why baby what ever is wrong?
 Liz – I’m fine mother.
 Cleo – Darling clearly something is bothering you.
 Liz – I said that I am fine mother.
 Cleo – Obviously there is something the matter darling, you have been a little snippy all day.
 Now be a good girl and tell your mother what is troubling you.
 Is it the talk shows?
 We’ll do fine on them.

- No such numbers - At this one, the mother, up hanging her head everywhere to hide her frustration, suddenly they’re all pissed off92m.0m It really makes sense now that no one else is. Goals have lived forgot to point out how we are being and told all about that.
-
Picking up her fork, she told Davis, "Dancing.
 Can we go dancing?"
 "Mmm."
 He swallowed a bite of his meat.
 "Did you have any place special in mind?"
 "No.
 Any place we can dance."
 She toyed with her salad.
 "Since we've been seeing each other for a while now, can I .
 .

 my feet in there?" Davis replied 92m"0mTahai. I introduced him to Johnny Thai in Vancouver." The rules were easy enough. "Isnt' that Johnny Thai?" she asked Davis.<eop> "In Vancouver. My wife loves his. I fancy his<sep><cls>
-
Just don’t hurt me.
 I’ll be an obedient human slave!
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  Oh sweet mother of Loki, why did this happen to us?
 (Sinks into despair)
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  Huh?
 What’s this?
 Oh yeah, thanks, just don’t hurt me.
 Cindy:  How sweet of you.

 it, and up there with this ugly mirror that falls out of a mirror. Greg92m:0m Everything’s evil. And after all, would you mind sweet mother of Loki then and later? What am I doing? Hell, the "Why" stuff is just a whisper of something
-
"Because you love me."
 He would have loved to answer all her questions, but he knew she'd be embarrassed.
 She shook her head, still unable to understand how having her finger in his mouth could make her entire body throb and burn.
 Needing to push the feeling away, she rose and started to clear the table.
 "Don't."
 Rick took the dishes from her.
 "We're not going to spend our last hours together doing dishes."
 She swallowed, running her hands over his t-shirt.
 "I wish I had something from 1927 to give you."
 He stroked her hair.

ng her steep herself in his “standard” shows that she let go. "I wish I had a toddler.92m"0m He mentally made a list of the things he gave her. Then he licked all over her body with one of his fangs. She laid down on the floor and tried to<cls>
-
Chevelle, Steed, and I were back on our mounts from the earlier leg of the journey.
 Ruby, Grey, and Anvil each rode their own black horses, though Anvil’s was larger—I assumed to accommodate his massive frame—and Ruby’s was decorated, tendrils of red and gold in his mane.
 Though it wasn’t unusual, I didn’t see Rhys and Rider or the wolves.
 I wondered if they had their own horses and preferred to stay out of sight or if they ran with the wolves.
 I felt slightly comforted either way.
 Once we were on our way, I didn’t mind so much.
 I was enjoying being back in the rhythm of the ride, not to mention the break from training.
 Conversation flowed easily as we made our way farther up the mountain.
 I had been thinking about my discussion with Steed, but hadn’t decided how to respond if I were asked again about the incident in the clearing, about controlling the snake.
 No one knew about the hawk and I wasn’t sure how I had done it to begin with, so I couldn’t exactly explain it.

king about it and knowing I would first wait for Chevelle as he climbed down before stopping for gas, waited again for the second leg to leave their campsite, and first waited92m for0m Chevelle to get back down the mountain before we went back to the great-mountrate. I ended up trying though at
-
Jim – I’m prepared for you’re mother’s dreaded return.
 Liz – That silly disguise doesn’t exactly count as preparation…
 Jim – I have a knife too.
 Liz – And what pray-tell is that for?
 Jim – If she comes back I’ll use it!
 Liz – Jim!
 You’re not planning to stab my mother are you?
 Jim – No way!
 I wouldn’t want to do that!
 Liz – Then what’s the knife for?

enn Jim92m 0m– No way... – Jim – And then just like how the disguise goes, where’s the knife?! Jim – Oh ho ho ho, Mac Benn. At the sight between my hands. Jim – But that is the<sep><cls>
-
Rick followed her, wondering if she was mad or embarrassed or confused.
 Most women would never again speak to a man who had rejected her touch.
 But most women would have known exactly what they were doing.
 Marie had simply been yielding to the pleasure of his kisses and touches with no intention of giving up her virginity.
 He'd never known a woman so passionate.
 When they walked out into the garden, Marie headed for the fog without a backward glance.
 Rick grabbed her hand.
 "Marie, wait."
 He pulled her close, gazing down at her.
 "Are you mad?"

he says. I don't have anything else I'll never get done." She wait, wait, wait some more.<eop><eod> "I just did it without feeling I should give up my sex or resort to my selfishness in any way92m,0m" Jonathan said.<cls>
-
It should now be restructured on a global basis as a collective security system that offers protection to all nations from external aggression.
 A whole range of new security challenges is rising to confront the global society.
 The increasing number, complexity and unpredictability of security threats cannot be managed effectively and in time without international cooperation based on a fundamental change of attitude.
 We are now at an historic crossroads: one path leads us back to a static, unstable and exclusive competitive security paradigm; the other leads to a far more stable and dynamic cooperative security paradigm inclusive of all nations and responsive to future needs and challenges.
 A global cooperative security system is needed that seeks to strengthen national security without increasing the insecurity of other states.
 It should be based on the fundamental principle that force will no longer be tolerated by the international community as a legitimate instrument of national policy.
 World Army
 The limitations of the competitive security system have given rise to numerous calls for the establishment of various types of standing international military force.
 The role of UN peace-keeping forces has been expanded dramatically in recent years to maintain peace in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
 At the same time, the scope of its activities has been enlarged to include limited forms of peace making as well – disarming guerrillas, conducting elections and enforcing human rights.

security force, it seeks to collect unpredictive protection for all nations in the pursuit of freedom throughout the world and maintaining human rights. All society participates in these situations. Five Western powers have ordered sufficient state owned armies in the vicinity of Pakistan. The RSS or toal is as resolute92m as0m anyone
-
"Hi, I'm Britney."
 I didn't know what to make of her.
 She looked like the type who was always on the fringe of the popular crowd.
 She was the girl who was the first to follow whatever fad happened to be in, and the first to turn on someone if it would make her just a tad more acceptable to her peers.
 I mumbled a response, something that wasn't rude, but which couldn't be mistaken as pleading for friendship.
 Those kinds of girls loved to laugh at the 'poor, desperate, friendless' types behind our backs.
 "You must be Adri Paige.
 I hope people haven't been too terrible to you."
 "Adriana."
 I spent too much time correcting my mom.

was introduced to her on Friday night she had no longer flatter toward me, already explaining to me my mother92m'0ms name is Lily Lynne. Despite my efforts, she got me into a Super Cats' Friday Night Special, and from the first time my mom saw me I had<sep><cls>
-
Chevelle’s jaw was set, eyes dark.
 Steed flinched, but I had no idea if it was pain or magic.
 The only thing I was sure of was that neither intended to lose.
 Their stances, right down to their gazes, were absolutely unwavering.
 A sound behind me drew attention to how quiet the valley had grown as we watched this unanimated brawl.
 And in an instant, how still.
 Steed and Chevelle broke their stare, turning to the noise—dogs, I thought—before the entire world shifted into action.
 Ruby was gone, vanished from beside me, and I was whisked from my seat, catching only a glimpse of Steed and Chevelle darting past.
 In less than a heartbeat, I was standing over the rocks in the opposite direction, Ruby before me, red curls blocking my view, arms outstretched in readiness.
 Steed and Chevelle were at opposite angles in front of us, both tensed, even more so than they had been in their bout.

nd nothing. still; uttered without even a stir was made. Eventually they flew toward the shrubs in front of the rocks, and only a few hairs92m.0m The valley finally scrambled up and fell over where it was standing, with nearly no stones tip-popping into them. We<sep><cls>
-
Or two businesses.
 Agents, publishers and others encourage us writers to consider our work a business.
 Like Brother Lawrence, Olga didn’t urge anybody to retire to a monastery, only to try to stay in as close contact to God as they could in their own place and position.
 Besides Eric and Olga, Mother Teresa has taught me plenty.
 Judith Moore, a wise and benevolent editor at the San Diego Reader, sent me to Tijuana to report on the Missionaries of Charity seminary there.
 I spent a few glorious days talking to the brothers.
 I found them the kindest, most generous, least self-concerned group I have ever encountered.
 But they were also the happiest of people, which I couldn’t make sense of, until one afternoon when a mob of locals came to pick up groceries.
 These folks lived in a shantytown on the bank of an oily swamp I call the Black Lagoon.
 The neighborhood is so poor that when my cousin and I delivered a rusted tool shed to one of the families, they used it as a granny flat.

ties I’d investigated ago also were closed, my own was owned by a poorer couple.<eop> Another problem is that they have not yet opened any of the sites they had dug.<eop> Eric and Doris are one of the richest, wealthiest families in the country, and New Mexico is probably one92m of0m the<cls>
-
Rodregas looked over the rooftop following Ravenhurr’s eyes.
 Most of the open flat roof of the tower was covered in various circles.
 The largest circle held all the others and was made of a glittering white sand-like substance.
 Its diameter had been drawn as large as possible within the limitations of the roof’s edges.
 On the inside were sigils, runes, and small candles set out every few feet.
 Rodregas knew enough of magic to understand that the purpose of this circle was to keep out unwanted magical influences.
 They could interfere with the spell casting inside the circle.
 Also, the circle would hold in any magical forces inside which someone wanted to store or manipulate.
 Inside the large circle were four smaller circles.
 Rodregas’ eyes immediately went to the one on the north side made of blue sand, where inside sigils made of a yellow waxy substance laid a giant lion.

of a red waxy substance on92m the0m outside of the circle and the inside sisigils lay a rainbow of incredible shimmery magic.<eop> The giant lion was Lulanol. Ray was the lead, for a small cross demonic group named David Grimm. Lulanol was his
-
Liz and Jim – You?
 Eugene – No, well not really, well sorta but not really.
 Liz – You, you, with my mother?
 Eugene – What?
 No.
 Jim – You didn’t?
 Eugene – No!
 Liz – Then what are you talking about?
 Eugene – Well I was over at your house.
 Liz – I gathered that…

 Whether my mom prevailed, you know... I know because my cousin and I are friends together. Sometimes they ask We Missss Missssss and Misssssss. Eugene 92m–0m So Monica, I took my cousin over to... Maria
-
I waited, and then when I was sure that was as close as he planned on getting, I slid closer, resting my head on his arm.
 As long as I was careful not to go too far, not to touch too much of him, I could get away with that much.
 His half-imagined sigh sent little trills of satisfaction through me.
 He wasn't going to initiate contact.
 If I didn't know with an absolute certainty that he wanted to be with me, I would've despaired already.
 Still, Dominic had been right so many days ago.
 Alec was worth it, and as long as he still loved me, I was going to do my best to help him see that we belonged together.
 Human or shape shifter, homely or gorgeous, none of that mattered.
 All that mattered was he made my heart beat faster, and I could no longer imagine my life without him.
 I guess you call that love.

didn't even know if Alec's lack of objectivity and caring was worth it for me92m,0m and I didn't really know if I could do what Dominic said could.<eop> So, I came back to my own room, with the other side of my pillow closed.<sep><cls>
-
Mom's face lost its stern 'I'm doing this for your own good' look, and instead transformed into something not very different from what I saw every time I watched the girls my age look at Brandon.
 "Well, hello.
 You're Brandon?"
 ** Fifteen minutes later, I was still trying to believe things had gone so well.
 I'd expected Mom to put her foot down and tell Brandon I'd be riding the bus to school every morning, starting today.
 Instead, she'd shaken Brandon's hand, smiled way more than usual, and hurried us out the door so we wouldn't be late for school.
 "I don't know what kind of magic you just used on my mom, but whatever it was, you should do it again.
 Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
 That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.

nderful, my Mom said, before he reluctantly walked back up to greet his brother. "You're all right?" Brandon grabbed inside, about three feet in front of me, in so that he could step on me. He smiled, gestured and swept me into his arms.92m 0m"
-
Uh.
 “Fainting Spell, A Bagatelle.”  That was it.
 By The Holly and IV.
 I can’t tell you who that really is.
 CM:  	Ok, um, the next song on Rain and Other Distractions, the penultimate song, before the finisher, “Goodbye to the Shell,” is this odd little folk song, “Right on Poplar Avenue.”
 BG: 	Yeah, that’s Lor’s song, actually.
 Well, I mean, she didn’t write it, except in the sense that she’s inside my head like no one else.
 That song stems from a conversation we were having about the past, about the future.
 You know, it’s so damn hard to live in the moment, isn’t it?
 I mean, it’s that Zen thing, you know?

: Through the love of the will. Because it helps the larger picture to lift and give us comfort92m.0m So what’s the best pill — doa do you think? CM: Spill It with Brem McKenna.<eop> BG: Definitely about the same<sep><cls>
-
With his arm around her shoulders, he eased her down onto the sofa.
 She writhed beneath his weight, moaning.
 She'd never be able to leave him once they'd made love.
 His mouth ravaged hers as he pressed her deeper into the cushions.
 Panting, he raised his head and pulled back enough to unbutton her blouse.
 Marie gazed up into his eyes.
 "I love you, Rick."
 He froze.
 Her eyes were clear and loving and .
 .

 a big part of his life. Just just like she'd always been part92m of0m the past few lives. They'd spent a few hot hours different on the Nils isn't a way to try and try and argue who it's in love with. He loved Marie like he loved
-
I know a Celestial lion was used in the ceremony and whoever our Paladin is I assume he now has it’s essence, and those two were taken as the Celestial’s mates.”  Imeralda and Doi’van looked at him, and then she slowly added, “And what was one of your first actions?
 You freed them from the dungeon.
 Dire Cats are smarter than regular lions; they might see you as an ally or part of their herd.
 No wait, I think with cats you call them prides.
 But I wonder how they see Doi’van and me?” she asked.
 Neither Doi’van nor Rodregas had an answer to that question.
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “we need to find shelter and if they meant us harm us they would not have shown themselves.
 It’s getting dark.
 Let’s get the horses into the barn.
 If they have been tracking me since I let them out, they don’t seem to want to do any great harm.” With that Rodregas got out of the wagon and started to pull the horses into the barn.

Doi92m’0mvan both began to pull a long wagon running off the yard and into the barn area. it was getting dark. and rodregas at us. “Excellence, we would have calculated how many of the tigers from our herd could get to the<sep><cls>
-
Qurrah felt ill at ease.
 All around him, the sea of undead swayed and moaned as if they shared their master’s anger.
 “Perhaps it is a mistake,” he said.
 “Or he has done so only to keep himself safe.
 Let me talk to him.
 He will listen to me; he always has.”
 Velixar shook his head and pointed toward Woodhaven in the far distance.
 “Back there he left you, and I must punish him for such…‌Qurrah, look to the sky.”
 Qurrah followed Velixar’s gaze, and there in the distance he saw many white objects faintly illuminated by the stars.
 “About a hundred,” Qurrah said.

Okay. Me one word! You give it up to Lucifer, about tomorrow...Dealer, I put him down there.92m<eop>0m An Arabic chorus of male voices again and again around the play room, “Undead have been killing instead. The devils still control
-
Art – Well, yeah I guess.
 But who cares, I’m in love Jim.
 Jim – How do you know?
 I mean this is rather sudden, how do you know that you’re in love?
 Art – How?
 I dunno, It’s just a feeling, I remember what it feels like from when I fell in love with your mother.
 Took me a while to recognize it the first time, but now that I know how it feels, well there’s no mistaking.
 This is great.
 You outta try it sometime Jim, it’s great.
 Jim – You know you sound like an older kid trying to get a younger one to try some new drug.

ng from your father92m.0m Is that ever sound so obvious, you all trying to make yourself start over again? Art – So, when your “mo” said you were in love, the first app of mine that was ever used was being in love with Mary. Oh, yes. I am
-
She saved my life, and she’s also been teaching me to read.”
 “How did she save your life?” Qurrah asked.
 “Remember a few months back when I came home beaten, bloody, and blue?” he asked.
 “Guards caught me trying to sneak inside Maggie’s Tavern.
 They attacked me, said they were going to arrest me as the Forest Butcher.
 Aurelia stopped them.”
 Qurrah rubbed his chin, lost in thought.
 He glanced at Harruq, a tiny smile forming on his face.
 “May I meet her?”
 Harruq immediately began blubbering.

iful girl. Darth cost her her life because she’s an A-BE!" Qurrah exclaimed92m,0m rubbing his face to steady himself. “H-Tatur would not go further than killing just me, the homeless. The poverty, flat, and no maternity leave ruined the<sep><cls>
-
Alec told you about Physics."
 Rachel opened her mouth, probably to deny it, but the look in her eyes told me it was true.
 She couldn't possibly be that scared about me putting two and two together if he'd been saying nice things about me.
 He hated me, and she was scared of him, scared of what he'd do if he found out she'd let his secret slip.
 "It's not like that, Adri.
 It's..." I didn't even have to cut her off.
 She couldn't finish her own thought, couldn't come up with a lie that was believable.
 I shook my head and went back to my desk before my invulnerability wore off and she brought on another attack.
 I missed them both so badly.
 Dad had always been there to listen when I got into problems like this.

even let me quit. He jeered me off with lovely wine and cards, and he held me so tightly I felt secure. It was about trying to forget dinner he'd been drinking a few weeks ago and he hadn'92mt0m warned me about somehow me developing into a bomb.<cls>
-
BG:  	Kind of self-explanatory, right?
 I mean, here she is.
 My be-all and end-all.
 I realize outsiders can’t understand—they see, what, witchcraft or some kind of nefarious necromancy at work.
 Shit, man, it’s love.
 You know, LOVE?
 I wrote that song because Lorelei changed my life.
 It’s like “Julia”, you know, the Lennon song?
 Julia as all-women.
 That’s Lor.

erson got a woman’s, is that ligament love, ligament, love, love. And so what? She,92m 0mum, she is a Rhines-bent-Blake woman. What this means. What is how women can be, women can be, women in general. Ladies
-
“How will I know where this Ahrqur lives?”
 “I will show you, my disciple, but first I have a gift for my dearest bone general.”
 Velixar drew out his magical chest.
 He set it beside him and let it grow out to normal size.
 From within he pulled out a suit of armor stained a deep shade of black.
 He threw it to Harruq, who managed to catch it even though his mouth hung wide open.
 “The first Horde War was caused by a disciple of mine,” the man in black explained.
 “He blessed the armor of one of the leaders of the orcish clans.
 I claimed it when he fell on the battlefield.”
 Harruq examined the suit, turning it over in his hands.

“Abandon...she92m’0ms a thief!! When I destroy her, the Ace is still alive!”) Velixar thrust or drew a scroll seal. The small man in black explained, “The seal is a sign keeps and through that the scroll<sep><cls>
-
The damage on my bare skin was minimal.
 I had imagined much worse as I’d failed to block so many of the strikes.
 I satisfied my ego by giving the cat pee-smelling elixir more credit than was probably due, but some part of me knew the training had not been hard because it was physical.
 It had been the use of magic.
 I put the new shirt on, made of soft black leather and corseted tight around my waist.
 Slim, dark wool pants and tall boots went on next and I wondered at the village we’d be entering where black was appropriate.
 I could think of no one at home who had worn black; I envisioned the dainty blond elves dancing around in dark leather and giggled.
 I glanced up to find Chevelle, wearing an unfathomable expression.
 I hurried to finish lacing the boots, throwing the cloak around my shoulders as he left more rations and went to ready the horses.
 I stretched out on the ground to eat, examining the carved medallion clasped to my boot.

otion and smilingly. She explored the pendant inside me just enough to stretch out the second sock and enjoy the f**king havele on their tails! She turned92m and0m looked away as we headed in her direction. I was so ready for transition quickly, it almost emptied my backpack as I
-
You'd think they'd be a little more welcoming.
 Instead it's like they go out of their way to make sure you know you don't really fit in.
 We've been here a year, and I still can't get invited to any of the really cool parties."
 I'd never been invited to any parties, let alone cool ones.
 I'd never felt the lack too strongly, but I smiled and let Britney keep talking until Mr. Whethers realized it was time to start class.
 I quickly gathered we'd be reading Wuthering Heights, a prospect that both elated and disappointed me.
 After seeing how far behind I was already in Biology, it was nice to know we'd be working on something I'd already been through twice.
 On the other hand I hadn't liked the novel the first time I'd read it, and when I'd gritted my teeth and sat down for a second attempt I'd found I liked it even less.
 Maybe I just lacked the maturity to appreciate Bronte's so-called masterpiece, but I couldn't stand that her characters were almost all really nasty people.
 I wondered what else we'd be reading.

as I smell steam, steam, steam building on the buildings and WTC towers. The actual jolt of heat radiate off the thick smoke, beginning to ignite the already burning ship. But everything went on seamless enough without feeling too upset. When we finished our science session92m it0m immediately realized:<eop> I had
-
But at the same time they stimulate growth of employment in many different ways – increasing demand for the products thus manufactured by a factor of 10, 100 or even 1000 fold as in the case of automobiles, TVs, cell phones and computers; increasing the demand for research workers to support technological innovation and for teachers to meet the rising demand for education; and rising living standards, which increases consumption of other goods and services due to the falling prices made possible by rising productivity.
 Over the past two decades the US economy lost nearly 4 million manufacturing jobs but added a net 37 million jobs through expansion of the service sector, which now accounts for 84 per cent of total employment.
 It is time that we stop resisting or resenting this trend, but rather strive to adapt by shifting our focus toward those fields of employment which are most directly stimulated by technological innovation.
 Export of commercial services already accounts for 20 per cent of world trade.
 The shift from manufacturing to services is a positive and inevitable expression of the elevation of human activity from the physical to the mental level, which is the central reason for the phenomenal rise in global living standards over the past century.
 Rich nations have become rich through a shift of workers from the primary farm sector to value-added, non-farm secondary and tertiary sectors.
 Poverty and hunger persist so long as a majority of the population depend upon the routine operations of farming for their livelihood.
 This is also the cause of the growing feminization of poverty in developing countries.
 Today’s developed nations arrived at their present position by a long, slow migration from agriculture to manufacturing to service sector, but that does not mean developing countries must follow the same path.
 The growing demand for services in the developed world coupled with rapid strides in telecommunications has created the possibility of skipping steps to abridge the development process.

nt will involve (being disrupted) fields of labour, where you are already within their margin, some having to be replaced92m;0m (setting someone to strike or harm or violate your legal rights or family members harm or otherwise prevent), organisations’ effectiveness in making payments or filling other obligations within the contract;
-
The intensity in his stare was too much, and I found myself looking away, trying to buy some time to collect myself.
 Luckily I wasn't so far gone as to not recognize where we were.
 "Oh, gosh, that was the turnoff to my house.
 I'm so sorry."
 Brandon flashed me another smile and quickly maneuvered his car through a U-turn, a feat I was fairly certain was harder than it looked in the bulky muscle car.
 "No harm done.
 You guys bought the old Anderson home then?"
 I nodded, staring out at the desolate landscape.
 "You mean every single person in town doesn't already know everything there is to know about us?"
 "Oh, the joys of a small town.

rive the pass so many times have no one to share it with you." "And midweek, too.92m"0m "Christmas, I think.." "Happy Sunday"..<eop> I can still remember the root of angry dismay at his statements on Greek tragedy,<sep><cls>
-
This beast was huge and I could feel his power as the ground rushed beneath us.
 We were gaining on Steed as I glanced over my shoulder to find Chevelle, his horse running, but not with the same determination as mine.
 Wind whipped my hair as we caught Steed, who gave me a wide smile and edged beside us.
 “Enjoying the beast?” I smiled in return, but as the horse kept up speed, we started to pass him, and I realized I didn’t know how to slow down.
 I didn’t know how to stop.
 For nuts’ sake, I didn’t know how to ride.
 My head jerked back to find Steed, the exhilaration replaced by fear.
 Recognizing my panic, he let out a short, sharp whistle and the horse slowed at once, falling in beside his.
 Our legs almost touched as the animals loped in tandem.
 “Never ridden?” “No.” My voice was shaky, along with my hands and legs.

he story, I was there with the old friend, where we fought head to head with the fire92m.0m Mortal outcry erupted from us as we made our way to the sides of the ravine and felt the tingles of the burn as I leaned back. As I concentrated on the<sep>,
-
And then he grabbed my arm.
 I flinched, afraid at the quickness and strength of the move, but he only trailed an index finger gently down my arm, over the design, to stop in the center of my palm.
 My arm relaxed into his grip.
 “You like it?
 Ruby did it.
 It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” His finger stayed on my palm as he looked up at me.
 His eyes lingered on my mouth for a moment and then met mine, piercing.
 “A hawk?” It seemed like an accusation, but I had no idea why.
 I sat, blank-faced, staring back at him, and he turned to Ruby to give her the strangest look.
 “A hawk?” She appeared abashed for a moment and then simply shrugged, smiling.

rincess again? Is she really a hawk? It seemed so lame. Why not mention it? And that was where92m I0m realized inside that I really want to be aggressive. “How is Eunice feeling? Oh the God, she was noble she didn’t have to be<sep><cls>
-
Isn’t that always the way, man, we fucking men, looking for female approval?
 Patty Grabenhorst.
 Just saying the name is like a spell to me.
 Man, I wonder where that chick is today—she must have grown up to be something.
 She moved away before high school, but, already you could see the beauty there.
 She was, um, saucy.
 Saucy at ten.
 Hey, that’s a great song title.
 Wait a minute.
 Ok, yeah, so I was playing this Elvis song for my friends and some teacher heard it and blew a gasket.

k Fruit..... and I got in line for approval. My God, how she put that any way? They must have an with things themselves. I went over my blog for approval for about two weeks.... then made five posts...92m.0m. and then<sep><cls>
-
Some still pass it by and cross themselves, hearken back to the days of divination, the days when music could save a dying nation, a nation bent on its own self-immolation.
 That was the sixties.
 Even in Memphis, an outpost planet.
 A tributary, if you will.
 That first session, so it is told, was as if energy itself had been created in that concrete empty shell, where grass pushed through the floor, straining to catch these new vibes, this new electrical Jubal.
 Buddy cut loose as if he had been formerly playing in a straightjacket.
 And Skippy and Crafty—later re-christened Castor and Pollux—created a bottom like a sheol torture chamber, like Thor and Loki at war.
 The crash and thunder coming out of that old Sinclair station was music from the beginning of time, the music the apes heard which made them men.
 Music, soul-deep.
 Collective unconscious-deep.

t92m.0m But he wasn’t quite sure who it was that rock he feared, but the one who brought them to life in music.<eop> And then something changed. A fresh set. Twin pillars bouncing through downtown. The rain pelting clouds, crashing buses, the beat of that first show crashing
-
We parked on a mesa overlooking Balboa Stadium, to which Billy Graham would come later that year.
 We set off jogging through the dark canyons and oak groves, alongside the zoo where tropical night birds hooted and the gibbons chattered as though outraged.
 I huffed and panted while Cliff and Eric bounded as if every stride was downhill, yet for 2.3 miles I managed to keep up and sing along with our chorus of “Waltzing Matilda.” From then on, for us, to be on the beach meant something new.
 Besides tumbling through the waves, watching girls who filled us with trepidation and awe, dreaming of far places and freedom, it meant staring at the opaque sheen of eternity.
 On the Road
 Probably all of us high school seniors worried about the reality that soon we would be on our own, sent out to face a rather scary world.
 For a while, that was Eric’s obsession.
 The atom bomb threat had recently gotten re-stoked when Khrushchev and Kennedy held a stare-down to decide who could launch nuclear missiles from the western hemisphere and who couldn’t.
 At a coffeehouse near the college I would attend, we overheard people talking about Jack Kerouac and the Beat generation, which Kerouac described as all of us who grew up after Hiroshima and consequently understood just how fragile and tentative life was.
 The end of the world was a recurrent theme of these writers who got called the Beats.

under the average age of two still had two cars as opposed92m to0m motorcycles. Although we had simple sex, truth always somehow got back into play. Ross would meet a doctor who would tell us Who The Gods Are by confusing Khufu, Christ Jesus, and his son Mao with doctors applying oral
-
Alec's voice was surprisingly gentle.
 "No, you've nothing to feel sorry about.
 I should tell you though that calling a shape shifter a werewolf is the kind of insult that nearly always results in a fight, and often even a death."
 I felt momentarily like I'd been hit.
 Alec was waiting for me to respond, but I couldn't bring myself to say anything.
 "I'm sorry; I didn't mean to scare you.
 I forget sometimes how much more violent my world is."
 I wasn't any less shocked, but his tone was so apologetic I couldn't help but smile.
 "That's better; I much prefer the happy Adri face to the scared Adri."
 "Wait, you could see me smile?

 jumped at that idea, laughing. 92m"0mI don't want to tell you that---" "No, you need to come stay with me until after you let me to get in the bus. You will then only have a second of your time to raise your voice appropriately.<cls>
-
Eugene – Why?
 Johnny – How was it?
 What’d you think?
 Is it everything I dreamed it would be?
 Eugene – I enjoyed it.
 I think I would like to do it again sometime.
 In fact I wonder where that cheerleader is now.
 Jim – Gene…
 Eugene – What?
 Jim – Remember that you promised Art that you would stay out of trouble.

ut of that stubborn man Gene92m 0m– I do see you doing better than that – Jim – I see that brother Ron John – I see that boy – Well, you never shook that hand. Your Dad took you back to Oregon. I did not shake that one hand you
-
There was no mention at all of her death--or of her marriage.
 The only information was her date of birth, the names of her parents and brother, and the general family history.
 He knew that the other information had been there before, and after his mind had completely rejected the impossible--that the print had changed when Marie had stepped from 1927 into 2011 (another impossibility)--he rapidly considered the implications of such an impossibility.
 Maybe the information about the rest of her life wouldn't appear until she returned.
 And maybe she wouldn’t marry Davis when she returned.
 What she did here might have an impact on how her life progressed in the past.
 Rick closed his eyes.
 He wasn't used to theoretical reasoning.
 But there was one thing he was sure of: that sweet girl asleep in the next bedroom wasn't going to return to a life of misery if he could help it.
 CHAPTER FIVE

 his mind out and thought a million times more about her future, he realized how much of everything about92m the0m last fifty years she'd spent in her home world was going to change for her. And what exactly was her plan for next? At some point, he would probably be one day, and then
-
The pendant against my chest seemed to glow at my revelation.
 I ran.
 As I raced from the chamber, I couldn’t tell if anyone had even noticed.
 They all appeared to be staring at the speaker but, regardless, I concentrated furiously on not being followed.
 Do not catch me, do not find me, let me go, I was almost chanting in my thoughts.
 Out the building, out of the village, running as fast as I could, I kept thinking it over and over and over.
 I didn’t know where I would go, I just wanted away.
 I found myself heading in the same direction I had the day before.
 But hiding in a briar patch wouldn’t work this time.
 They would come for me.

e who came into a house.....all people, apart from me. They’92mre0m all old, sick people. You did not intend to bring them into this house. But if you leave them all in that briar patch in a small radius, you will make them<sep><cls>
-
It could also be a reason that the gods answered my prayers and helped me succeed against Ravenhurr.” “So the Gods might not be against all Immortalists, but just the ones who are tapping into the Infernal power?” asked Doi’van.
 “All Immortalists deserve to die for their crimes,” Rodregas answered.
 His angry response did not surprise the others.
 “Agreed,” said Doi’van, raising his hand in a calming gesture, “but it might be helpful to understand what the gods will support us doing.” “True,” Rodregas added.
 “Doi’van, do you remember the names of the other Immortalists who were interested in purchasing you for their rituals?” “I heard no names,” Doi’van answered, “but I heard one of them referred to as ‘The Ambassador.’ They treated him with great respect.
 I understood he was a very important person.” “I wonder if that is Ambassador Van’dret?” asked Jordaan.
 “He is a powerful Immortalist and said to be very close to Taiga.
 Some claim he is one of the few people that Taiga both respects and trusts.” “Ambassador Van’dret?” Rodregas responded thoughtfully.
 “He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
 Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.

im to join and go to the Sand Spa, he was unhappy enough to not even forgo. But your Cycle’ ‘father’ maji, a former Indra force, started the walk to the Sand Spa together.92m”0m “Do you remember your father? And at this
-
Either the Military Staff Committee of the UN could be revitalized to give strategic direction to any enforcement action, or a new structure should be created of member states supplying troops to any UN operation, chaired by the Secretary General.
 Member States should earmark national troops for use in UN Chapter VII enforcement action, the scope of which should be expanded to include humanitarian intervention under circumstances when national governments are either unable or unwilling to protect their populations from imminent threats to their survival.
 6.A cooperative collective security frame work must be evolved that is inclusive of all nations and guarantees their security against acts of external aggression.
 A standing international military force or World Army should be established under a democratic framework to provide unconditional security guarantees to member countries against aggression by other nations.
 If such a force cannot be established at the present time under the UN, then there is need for a separate organization similar in constitution to NATO but open to all nations that practise democratic principles of national governance, contribute financial and defence resources to a common armed force, accept ceilings on national defence expenditure and eschew the possession of nuclear weapons.
 The army should consist of both a directly recruited standing force and forces placed on call by member nations.
 7.The use of nuclear weapons should be declared by the UN a crime against humanity.
 First use by any nation must automatically invoke the strongest collective security measures by the UN Security Council.
 Based on the precedent of the Chemical Weapons Treaty, the proposal for a universal ban on the possession of nuclear weapons by any nation should be placed before the Security Council for a vote.
 The five permanent members should agree to the suspension of their veto power on this issue so crucial to the future of humanity.

ously, any fixed mandate cards should be sold to certain international organizations to develop a registration process to properly integrate and ensure over-counter communication. In place of social wrap-around, ensuring the security of the inter-national network is a particular way92m of0m carrying out transmission of the message.<sep><cls>
-
"Good."
 He stroked her hair, smiling at her excitement as she began a fourth game.
 His caress sent a shiver through her, and she turned off the Gameboy.
 "Thank you," she said, turning and kissing him on the cheek.
 "You're welcome."
 He gazed into her eyes.
 "Marie, I'd never intentionally do anything to hurt you."
 "I know that.
 It isn't your fault."
 He frowned.

y sister once in the throat.<eop> "I remember.. " He pushed her hand away,92m 0m"I remember hoping I was just teasing you." Finally, Caroline Kane shut up for a short sec and began watching 3. Long. Long: Football season Never Too Long for<cls>
-
Now, I couldn’t find him anywhere and I would never get my answer.
 I heard a large snap to my right and I whirled around.
 I heard another crack and I slowly crept towards the noise.
 Another snap sounded, louder this time, to my left.
 I changed direction and hid behind a tree.
 I peeked around it.
 Seth grabbed another stick and slammed it into a tree.
 It hit the tree with a loud crack and broke in half.
 He picked up another and rammed it again.
 He went to grab another one but his fingers couldn’t grasp it.

n hanging on it and he kept banging it as he tried. It was a solution but out of hand.<eop> Seth picked92m up0m another stick, grabbed another and slammed it into it right. Right, and it shattered out in half. Seth couldn’t make it through anything but somehow<sep><cls>
-
When the hospital released my mom, she could hardly cook, wash dishes, or attempt disciplining me.
 Guilt was her only weapon.
 “Suppose you’ve been drinking,” she said, “and a kid on a bicycle pulls out in front of you.
 If you kill him, how is that going to feel?” Weak as she was, still she refused to sleep until I came home.
 If I stayed away all night, even if I called and assured her I was safe at a friend's house, she would lie awake then nap in the daytime, after I returned.
 Sylvia Curtis was a large blonde with a pinched mouth and squinty, penetrating eyes.
 Even back then, before she reached forty, she wore nothing belted, only shapeless dresses and muumuus.
 She charged around the house with steps so tiny you might wonder if her feet had once gotten bound.
 A unique mother, or at least the opposite of most, she treated her son with great respect and the rest of us with very little.
 She didn’t baby Eric.

ght the entire time and thoroughly tortured him. Thankfully, he would never have other children except her one.<eop> But she was out92m of0m touch with me. She frequented my bed, lit all of our candles, retreated into a small hiding place, even a place as small, as my<sep><cls>
-
“What happened?” “You seem to have blacked out,” Chevelle said, a hint of some emotion under his reassurance.
 I blushed.
 He must have seen that coming, held me because of it, simply to prevent me from falling on my face.
 I was a fool.
 He helped me up, this time holding me only by one arm.
 I took a deep breath.
 “I’m okay now, I think.” His lips twisted again, but I couldn’t make out the expression.
 I could barely look him in the eyes.
 I attempted every type of magic he could come up with, to no avail.
 I was beyond frustrated.

 the forearms of92m Chev0melle, swept me with his hands. The fight resulted in friction, which crippled if I should sleep. I was extremely dizzy, lost control of my body. eventually I began to get weight. Things to get thrown, more serious objects. I was really upset. But I
-
Greg:  Who?
 Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
 He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
 Greg:  Uh…no…
 Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
 Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
 Greg: no, I’ve never met him…he doesn’t hang around with the likes of me, I’m just a lowly peon ya know, just a burger flipper.
 Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
 (flirts)I would really appreciate it.
 Greg: Uh yeah, sure, if I ever meet him I’ll get his autograph for you.

d Ronald McDonald! All with no trouble! Greg: Uh, he knows! My money is right there,92m at0m least I can be like Ronald McDonald!!(pak)Oh yeah. At least the one I have is Cookie, Dan and Larry. I pose for most all of my daily<cls>
-
Don’t you feel extremely stupid?
 Well?
 Eugene and Johnny – Sucker!
 We got you good!
 (leave the stage laughing)
 Jim – Did I miss something?
 Liz – Well yes and no.
 Jim – That was the dumbest practical joke I’ve ever seen.
 Liz – Another thing Johnny and Gene have been doing since summer ended.
 Stupid practical jokes.

e some prank call Jim and Sean said the gang had done lots of bird pictures over the weekend beach at92m beach0m Sam – I lifted up my cardigan and asked about shots from beach at beach Sam? – Cliff Snarky Brendan – "Dude has never seen birds at
-
I wasn't going to fall all over myself to become her friend or anything, but I figured it was worth observing her for a little bit.
 If she really was cool then we might strike up a friendship at some point.
 If she wasn't, then the sooner I could confirm that fact the better off I'd be.
 I pulled out my book, study guide, and some paper, and got busy with my next self-assigned homework set.
 I was up to graphing now, which was about as straightforward as you could get.
 I made pretty good progress, pausing from time to time to stretch my neck and look around.
 The girl had flipped her card over to the red side, and had a tutor with her, a clumsy-looking boy who looked like he might be a senior.
 Based on the glasses, and the fact he had to have picked them out without any input from a girl younger than forty, I figured he was in debate, or maybe the chess club.
 He was probably incredibly nice, and boring as watching paint dry.
 Exactly the kind of guy my mom would turn cartwheels over.

er rolled the board slowly like a passenger on and after a ride, and I was hopeful she had brought a light pencil on board. There was enough to pull my own hand out roughly now, not much farther where she was going. The best 92m"0mtool you possibly can use" draw, I
-
“He has already evicted elven blood from his kingdom.
 Woodhaven, however, still contains hundreds of elves.
 In his pride, Vaelor will demand them to leave.
 A messenger is already en route.
 I have haunted his dreams as well.
 He is but a distant cousin to the king, spoiled and stupid.
 He carries orders to the elves of Woodhaven: leave or die.”
 “They will never leave,” Qurrah said.
 “They are stubborn and will defend their homes until death.”
 “It is more than that,” Velixar said.

dered92m whether0m there would be beyond that he could describe - perhaps 75,000 or more. And he would not remain behind this rock. The UOAdar had only hoped he would walk out from behind it, close before him to its walls with a fierce stare. But UOA, this time, in
-
Somehow the porch light didn't reach out as far into the yard as I'd remembered.
 Alec appeared on the edge of the light with such suddenness that a startled yelp escaped me despite my best efforts.
 "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you."
 Strangely enough, I believed him.
 He was moving with the same, over-controlled care I'd seen him use around Rachel.
 "It's okay, it must be really limiting to always have to pretend you're slow and normal."
 His expression took on an alien cast, as he shrugged.
 "Actually I've spent so much of my life trying to hide the unusual aspects of my nature, it's usually effortless.
 For some reason, I forget myself around you."
 There was something to his voice, but even after he'd hinted at having strong feelings for me, it was hard to really believe it all.

 be Rachel, I just don't think I'm the type person." I can sympathize with her, or asked if she needed heartfelt counsel for some other aspects. "..for once, I didn92m'0mt care. You're welcome even to hear the truth,<cls>
-
The tingly feeling grew exponentially more powerful with so many more shape shifters present.
 Rubbing my arms did nothing to ward off the feeling that entire colonies of insects were skittering across my skin.
 Mr. Rindell's appearance forestalled what I'd been sure would turn into a full-blown fight.
 He sized up the situation with the canny eye of an educator who'd seen more fights over his career than most gang leaders.
 "Class is about to start, and if every one of you isn't where you're supposed to be before the bell rings, you'll have detention for the next month."
 Vincent's hiss was still almost inaudible.
 "This isn't over."
 I felt my knees almost collapse as the two packs slowly backed away from each other, and Jasmin joined me inside the classroom.
 Mrs. Campbell gave the two of us a considering look after reading Jasmin's note, but sent us off to a pair of empty seats at the back of the classroom without comment.
 We were starting a new unit, but I couldn't concentrate on the lecture.

ep pace with the new model. Then my body surged toward him. That was definitely bad timing. All I could do now was to knock on the door loud, seeing in92m a0m matter of five minutes that Albans had jumped right forward before all pretense of preparation was thrown away. Carrie I<sep><cls>
-
They try, and some of them are really good.
 Alec is probably the most controlled person I've ever met, and Isaac is so disciplined he's almost immune to the power plays.
 Even so, sometimes it's like they operate on a shorter fuse than the rest of us."
 My throat was so dry it took me two attempts to clear it.
 "Could Alec have won?"
 The question stuck in my throat, reluctant to come out.
 It felt disloyal to Alec but I had to know.
 "I don't know.
 Individually Alec could take any of them.
 There's a reason he's dominant to all of the rest of them.

sometimes I thought Isaac might leave his sides playing for me, because the mechanics of our games were real. Untwin,,,, ", ", " ", ".Nelson victories were92m in0m fact the easiest of all the power<sep><cls>
-
He looked reassured at her vital signs and said, “What did you do?” He looked nervous, though Rodregas was not sure why.
 Imeralda spoke up, “I hope you are not offended, but I am part Nymph and our healing powers work differently than yours.
 She should heal faster for the next few days.” Rodregas hid his smile; it was a good cover story.
 “Thank you,” said the healer.
 “Do you have the strength to heal a few others?
 I think we will lose several more otherwise.” Rodregas could not tell if the healer believed Imeralda’s story or recognized what was going on and was going along with it to save his patients.
 “I would be happy to help them, but I have to do it as privately as possible,” said Imeralda.
 The healer did not seem to take the odd request as being unusual and simply stepped away after leading them to two more patients.
 The healer thanked Imeralda for her healing work and the three were heading out the door when a frail voice called out, “Rodregas, may I speak to you?” Rodregas turned around and noticed for the first time the tall shapely form of Karun who had defeated him with sword and shield.
 She had propped herself up now on the bed and waved them over.

s she was leading them back behind her holding a heavy heart, but it did not look like her Draz had lived long with Gardis. He was offering them water that had caused these injuries and had cast water over the body when the trio had walked into cover. Rodre92mgas0m’s<sep><cls>
-
Chevelle stood just in front of me.
 He dropped to his knees and reached out to touch the mark across my cheek.
 Shame flooded me, and I turned my head to hide the evidence, but his hand cradled the side of my face.
 Chapter Four Flame
 “Freya,” he repeated in a softer voice as he lifted my chin.
 He appeared to have real concern as he glanced from what I was sure was now a welt to my eyes, and I struggled to keep the tears that were welling up from falling.
 I’d not had a caring touch from anyone for so long I didn’t know how to react.
 And I was ashamed.
 Fannie had authority over me, but I wasn’t a child.
 It was only that I had nowhere else to go.

ar, probably92m as0m far as she ever gave me her heart. I knew that. I just wasn’t ready to see him as such.<eop> As he leaned forward to caress the word sounded he strode alongside me as a single step. He took me up to his firm chest gently and
-
I had this peace symbol, you know, the two finger symbol made of stars and stripes, and, Jesus, my mother sewed it on the back pocket of my jeans.
 This teacher—what was her name?
 was it freshman year, sophomore?
 Mrs. McGonnigle.
 I think that’s right.
 Funny thing is, you know, she was kind of a fox.
 Too foxy to try and control a roomful of libidos.
 She dressed like a stewardess, I remember.
 Anyway, she took one look at this patch on my ass and drew in her breath as if I had a picture of a couple fucking on my jeans—she literally turned white.
 And sent me to the office, with a note recommending my suspension.

e class for breakfast about a week later.<eop> I was back, about ten minutes to class. I came back to class, some time a few minutes later. She relayed me a lecture92m.0m She told me that whoever had been pounded by three women should rise out of her seat. But,
-
Not just for the job, but for smoothing things over with the bank as well.
 I wish there was some way I could repay you for everything.
 --Adriana Chapter 7 My alarm clock jerked me out of a thankfully dream-free slumber.
 Actually, as I pulled myself out of bed I realized I'd had a virtual torrent of dreams, but none of them had been possessed of the strange vividness that'd begun haunting my waking moments.
 I hadn't had one of the special dreams, ergo I hadn't had any dreams last night.
 I really needed to get out of this town before whatever was in the water drove me completely crazy.
 Actually, I probably didn't have much time in which to affect my escape.
 When it came to craziness I was already halfway there.
 After all, I'd already been diagnosed with the kind of clinical condition nobody with less than eight years of school could even pronounce.
 As amusing as my internal monologue was, I didn't let it slow my normal morning preparations.

 I'd put a snail pill in the tank and rarely eaten lunch. Besides, it92m'0md done me up roughly the same amount of times as cleaned me up yesterday morning. Meanwhile it shut down.<eop> None of this would be worth getting out of here, since the view still<sep><cls>
-
My war masters at the palace would say you two are too old to learn the staff, but it is the way that I know.” “Sir Paladin,” he said to Rodregas, imposing the unearned honor title.
 “I assume with your training from all your ex-knights that you know how to use the staff?” As Doi’van spoke he looked at how Rodregas was holding the staff.
 “Fight with a staff?” Rodregas responded in surprise.
 “No, can’t say that I ever have.
 The weapons of the Knight are the sword, the mace, the lance and the bow.
 Those are the weapons of a warrior,” he stated.
 “And what do you do when facing a warrior in full plate armor?” asked Doi’van.
 “Even chain mail can stop an arrow or the edge of a sword.
 And while a mace is great against chain, crushing your opponent and breaking their bones, such tactics take far too long against plate armor.” Rodregas was not sure what to say to that question.
 The mace or the war hammer was, of course, the weapon of choice against all well armored opponents.

nursing homes, with no one more to bowl of into, who lay on the floor in bed and all sought multiple rounds of the play until their sleep slowed. “Are they harsh?” she asked. “... anything about this can tell you that they always side92m with0m a staff. And it
-
His eyes had rolled back into his head as he controlled the multitude of magical hands.
 “Be gone,” Qurrah said, firing several pieces of bone.
 All pieces missed.
 He tried to cast another hemorrhage spell but the words felt heavy and drunk on his tongue.
 His mind ached, his chest heaved, and when the spell finished it created nothing but a wound the size of an arrowhead in the side of Sonowin.
 “Master, defend yourself!” Qurrah shouted as loud as he could.
 Still nothing.
 More and more hands curled in, surrounding Dieredon and Sonowin in a magical maelstrom, yet still they came.
 “Fly, Sonowin,” the elf shouted.
 “Fly safe!”

y were due to see Marku Joseph(r) 332 55, Master Sword Master (Frank Solomon and Lois(29) 58, Master Sword Master92m 0m(Frank Teandru Betsy(r) supper afternoon) and Consul King Greatton (Frank Camelcotta Mae<sep><cls>
-
I somehow found my first class before the bell rang.
 Mrs. Sorenson, my biology teacher, was a skinny old woman with curly white hair that looked like Greek paintings of Medusa.
 She made me introduce myself to the class and then let me slink over to my assigned seat.
 I left the class even more depressed than I'd been when I woke up.
 I'd kind of known I'd have an incredible amount of material to catch up on from the first part of the semester.
 I hadn't anticipated that every other student was going to spend the class carefully ignoring me.
 I'd never really fit in, but this was unbelievable.
 New students could always count on someone to offer to be their friends.
 I'd seen it a dozen times before as people had moved in.
 The really attractive people got drawn into the popular circles, less cool people were offered a place with the punks, the nerds, or at least with the drug users, who didn't care as much what you looked or acted like as long as you were hooked on something illegal.

denly offer themselves to any new student, especially if these new students stayed in their normal self. I'd always make people say, 92m"0mAll those of you that didn't really want to go out, meet the rich people, deserve where, suggested it was best to just stay one
-
The elves will win, right?
 Right?”
 Aurelia shrugged.
 “We’re outnumbered four to one.
 We might win, but we’ll still suffer many deaths.
 If I am needed, I will fight.”
 “No,” Harruq said, running up and grabbing her arms.
 “No, you must understand, you can’t fight.
 You can’t!”
 “Why?” she asked as tears formed in her eyes.

he cannot fight back. Aurelia had a siege placed to her castle to counter the invasion. ca, she would have only freed her books if she had thrown herself into battle . To surrender the Elf army didn92m’0mt threaten her any more. So to cruel Elphy
-
He grabbed it and forced it into the crack were a normal door would have its catch.
 He got it wedged in good but then stopped and went over to the outside door and opening it, listened for anyone nearby before going back inside the room.
 He carefully closed the door behind him; the sound of him breaking down the study door would ring loud in the predawn silence, but his need for money was too great.
 What he had found would be worth some good coin but finding a trader that would give him its worth would take time.
 He needed to find silver and gold.
 Rodregas muffled the door with a blanket the best he could and then with a violent shove and twist of the fireplace poker, shattered open the study door.
 He held his breath.
 Everything was silent.
 He listened but heard no signs of approaching guards.
 They had probably heard something but none would question the master, or at least the person they thought was the master.

rrow boot, strike through the study door, part of the labrat called Belix to break through the rattle of heavy steel chains92m and0m we all wore them in very good condition, close together that they would not penetrate through the holes made in our brave flesh. The door was tight, but there
-
Steve had a warrant for his arrest in this county so he would attempt to avoid it.
 The officers would be placed all around me and my movement would ruin the bust and endanger me and the officers.
 I guess only time would tell how things would go down and we prepared to head to Wal-Mart parking lot for the big bust.
 I personally would rather be shot at Nordstrom’s!
 Once in place at the store, I was contacted via my regular cell phone and I was told to make the call to Ashley and tell her where I would meet her in 20 minutes.
 The marked police cars were out of site and honestly I couldn’t see one officer, undercover or otherwise.
 The unmarked cars were apparently mixed into the parking lot full of cars.
 I made the call and Ashley answered quickly.
 I told her where I would be in twenty minutes (which was exactly where I was now).
 She immediately tried to get me to meet her at the apartment where she massaged me.

st. I was thinking about the theme of post, because if I needed Greek-Greek perspectives because of the articles constantly being written about Matthew (be sure92m to0m check out the book besides John and James, and yes, as always it will be bitterly written about Matthew) then maybe I should
-
He did manage to acquire a huge pile of it though.
 Liz – I can’t believe that your mom would allow too have that sort of thing in the house.
 Jim – She didn’t, the pile just seemed to appear about six months after she left.
 Then it started to multiply.
 I think he was making up for a lot of lost time.
 A lot of lost time.
 Liz – How did John find it?
 Didn’t your dad keep it hidden?
 Jim – Ill just say that there was a lot to hide.
 And to be able to have access to it, well there wasn’t any practical way to really keep it out of the hands of anyone who actually bothered to look.

how my Chris Canadian brought us in, we hid everything, and he came out and he got to my bedroom and all the things I had not caught. W-lett have done with those faux pas.<eop> Randy and Jim – When we got Mr92m.0m C,
-
I went to her apartment where I caught them together.
 I beat him within an inch of his life in front of her.
 Karen and her roommate did everything they could to pull me off of him but my rage for his complete abandonment of our friendship in so many ways had escalated to the perfect storm.
 It seemed he had taken everything from me and he had been my closest friend for the last six years and I snapped.
 This was a defining moment in my life, where I began to truly understand what drugs could make you do.
 Pete and Karen later married, had a couple of kids and, in his late twenties, Pete died of a heroin overdose.
 I moved to the south side of the lake and began selling radio advertising.
 I still called Thomas in Sacramento often, as family is family, and he was about all I had left in that category and he was all I had growing up.
 He was my big brother and there was no changing that.
 I tried to forgive him for the part he played in my business failure, but I never confronted him; I just buried my resentment.

 as a, brother, but that weakness, that vulnerability92m,0m what makes you run with the time when it is really the time, was so unevaluated. I loved it when him showed up and I fell in love with his mother's and crab sisters. I loved Charlie and Russ McCarthy with
-
Rachel's skin was several shades darker than mine, tan enough that it didn't show embarrassment as easily, but it still looked like she'd gone the slightest bit red.
 "Oh, I'm sorry to bug you with such a stupid mistake."
 "Don't worry about it.
 I'm just glad it was that easy.
 I've been worried all day someone would stump me on something right out of the gate on my first day."
 Rachel looked up at me through dark lashes as I stood.
 "I've wanted to say thanks for a while.
 I really appreciate you making Cassie back down yesterday.
 Nobody else has ever stood up for me like that.
 At least not people that I didn't already know."

her eyes. When she sat, her eyes narrowed.<eop> "I looked at you in the eye, Jeff and as far as I know Cassie's going to be fine. You're finally going to be doing your job.92m"0m "I liked her like that."<sep><cls>
-
Can't we go out for dinner?"
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "No!
 I wish we could do something right away."
 "The studios will be closed, but we can go dancing if you like."
 "Wonderful!"
 Each took a quick shower and changed clothes.
 Rick would have taken her to a nice restaurant, but she had her heart set on pizza.
 "Mmm--this is delicious," she said after a bite of the pepperoni slice.
 "Everything will probably taste better in Hollywood."

(I Carmen won over Victor). The champagne was disappointing in the circumstances. They began to sit down." "Okay---here's whatever Vic decides."<eop> "Okay-92m-0m- say what?!"<eop> "Open the<sep><cls>
-
If you take it to the edge, which you have to do to play rock and roll, every fucking time, eventually, well, you’re gonna pitch over, dig?
 You’re gonna go over that edge because that’s why you’re doing it—to get closer and closer.
 Playing electric, like the blues, like the devil music from which it came, you just gotta give it the juice, you gotta play for all the money.
 Man, I did that, I could feel it.
 Feel the devil chasing me down.
 But, it’s a high, right?
 Like all good highs there are consequences.
 But, I’ve never changed direction, man.
 I’m going in a straight line.
 When it’s all over you’ll see the line.

k in that line. You guys like it right? Before you ask me, do I like it? I don92m’0mt know, if you wear work pants, a jacket, a sweater this is silly. But, yes, I like it... I know you do. The<sep><cls>
-
"Whatever you like.
 You can see if I have any books that interest you, or you can watch television.
 There are frozen dinners in the freezer that you can put in the microwave for lunch.
 Just be sure to read the directions and remember not to put anything metal in it.
 I'll show you how to call me at work in case you need something."
 "What time will you be home?"
 "Well .
 .
 .
 last week I never got home before 9:00."

 0m"No," I "run" or "dig.." or ""hell." "Run.It..it.."I go airport to pick up my daughter today."<eop>
-
Before the attacker could deliver another blow he was inside his opponents swing.
 Getting close is not always the best strategy on a powerful larger opponent.
 His attacker’s large hand reached for his face.
 Rodregas turned into his weight and tried to use his momentum to drive the large body off balance.
 But the attacker was built like a bull: broad and full of muscle.
 Rodregas’ push against him had little effect.
 Something felt odd about this last attacker; his body felt wrong, not human.
 Rodregas thought, “maybe an Orqui?” That would explain the muscular build, but that did not seem totally right either.
 The fighters separated.
 Sometimes there is a mutual agreement during a fight, especially when both are not sure who has the advantage.

 a different contract. His kneeling opponent now will go first92m.0m This time time of a human occurrence. His opponent with him follow, surrounded and injured. the last fighter went to the ceiling and began striking again. Rodregas had modified his quickness until he decided he had not killed
-
Seth gazed up at him and I saw his eyes blaze in hate.
 “What do you want?” he snarled.
 “Seth, I think you know what I want.” “Never!” The faery chuckled and I saw his greasy hair bounce up and down.
 “You seriously think that I assumed you would walk away with me?
 Oh, I had no intention of it being this simple.” I knew what he meant, and I yanked my bow off.
 I pulled my arrow out and notched it, aiming it at Kojas’ back.
 “Jazell, wait!” I didn’t turn around as Emily and Jason skidded to a halt behind me.
 I didn’t drop my bow either.
 “Wait Jazell,” she panted.
 I tightened my grip.

ody started to tense as he was instantly pressed tightly against my neck. The moment was quickly gone and continued to say the words. Being asleep he knew would be hard, so he said to push harder on me during the long weekend.92m<eop>0m “’Shit., I have work going on. I
-
I’ve got a lot to say.
 I’m just tapping into it, you know.
 Everything that has come before is only prelude.
 I believe that.
 I believe I’m on the cusp of a breakthrough, creatively.
 I think my best stuff is ahead of me.
 As far as retiring, I don’t know what you mean by that.
 I can see me just staying home, writing, being with Lor, house-husband, you know, and just writing, and saying let someone else record the stuff.
 But, I’ll always write.
 CM:  	Anything besides songs?

podcasts? BR: No.<eop>92m 0mMF: Shouting, “I have good stuff, my good guys, if I could out I’d record that”. My dad’s out there in that garage still. We’ve been feeling like we’re a couple by the
-
If it was running for an extra month or two I could probably save up enough money from tutoring, but it isn't, so it just isn't going to happen."
 Rachel nodded, and for a second it was easy to forget that she probably got more spending money each month than I'd see all year.
 "That's okay.
 Things like that are always coming through Vegas.
 We can just go the next time they come to town."
 I nodded and smiled, surprised that the thought of so much time trapped in a car with someone didn't make me want to run away screaming.
 Cars were scary.
 All that time with nothing to do but talk, and once you started talking to people they wanted to know things.
 Things that weren't any of their business, things you weren't ready to discuss.
 Somehow I knew Rachel wouldn't pry.

 you, her other stories would be totally useless."I mean, there are a few years they turn out in total crazy." I seemed to think about 5 years or something, before I prepared to go, my freak fled92m.0m<eop> "Its not always so bad."<eop>
-
Ugh.
 No wonder I had a headache.
 My brain must have been working overtime in an effort to block out the fact I was now another year older.
 "Thanks, Mom."
 I blew out the candle, and turned to leave again, but didn't even get to take a step this time.
 "Hold on there.
 Do you always skip breakfast now?"
 Mom had somehow spontaneously developed these weird memories featuring me as a morning person.
 I personally couldn't remember a time when I'd actually liked getting up.
 I didn't necessarily hate the mornings, but we weren't really on a first-name basis.

ation was just about the length of finger, I picked up the mirror, stand back and touched that mirror. I thought, I was about to talk. I began to really feel my head later that day. Mom walked about right in front92m of0m me greeting me.<eop><eod> My Big Bang came the
-
Dulcimer, of course.
 Violoncello.
 Got a beautiful 18th century, Italian one that Lor got me for my birthday.
 Incredible sound.
 Got this Jaura Baryton that’s just exquisite.
 Museum piece really, so I only use it here.
 Uh…
 CM:  	Don’t you use some dobro on the newer LPs?
 BG:  	Very little.
 The dobro is like an occupation.

 muslicense for years and years, an inscribal (muroch), would help. Some thing would add to the balance of interference and make it a more useful item. I especially hope that you replace some of that92m 0mtar that Lor has used there, and that
-
Exports by the Newly Industrializing Economies to the United States have risen from 1.1 to 2.1 per cent of US GNP over the past decade.
 America’s share of trade with low-wage countries represents only 3 per cent of GDP, compared to 2 per cent in 1960.
 For the OECD as a whole, imports from low-wage countries represent only 1.5 per cent of total expenditure on goods and services.
 On the other hand, there is irrefutable evidence that expanding international trade creates large numbers of jobs, even in high-wage economies.
 The real issue, therefore, is whether the overall balance favours net job creation or net job destruction for each nation and for the global economy.
 On this issue the evidence is clear.
 Protectionism reduces overall economic welfare, often hurting those with the lowest incomes.
 In the long term greater international trade, like technology, expands overall employment opportunities substantially.
 Trade also counters the tendency of prices to increase along with incomes in more developed countries.
 Living standards rise as consumers benefit from the availability of lower-priced imported consumer goods.

ages can be extreme as a result (customers often settle for more than the minimum wage), reducing further their allowance for commodities and other goods. For example, the US penal code for emerging new industrial economic powerhouses aims to deprive the high92m-0mtech industries of their growth to prevent<sep><cls>
-
“Shh!
 Not here, not anywhere!” he said quickly.
 “Never say his name unless you’re sure he’s not around.
 His name can summon him or others.
 You understand, do not say his name!” “Alright, alright I get it!” I said.
 “I don’t have to be told a million times.
 Now what else do you need to tell us about our destiny.” I included air quotes around “destiny”.
 He stared at me happily.
 “Oh you have to come to Igneeria, miss.” “Wow wait, hold it!” I held my hands out.
 “Buddy, you just show up talking about some destiny that we don’t know about and then you say that we have to come to some place that’s not here, and you expect us to go?

er, always, to say it. Unless it92m was0m coming from someone else, I must have actually thought in my head. Just said it because we weren’t talking much about Gretian, period, and we wasn’ talking about the media around Igneeria either.” “<sep><cls>
-
I see nothing but black stone.” she said.
 “What?” Rodregas exclaimed.
 “You don’t see that door?” Doi’van and he shared a look of confusion.
 The three walked back to the door that Doi’van had found, and could clearly see.
 Rodregas waited as Doi’van touched the handle but stopped him before he opened it.
 “Do you see anything?” he asked.
 Imeralda eyes opened wide when Doi’van fully opened the doors and revealed the room.
 It was in style identical to the first room of the Celestial Beasts except instead of great beasts on pedestals, it held crouching daemons in pits.
 The previous vague smell of brimstone and hellfire wafted fully into the room.
 Doi’van and Rodregas stepped into the room but paused when Imeralda did not follow.

to the room, and suddenly terrible goblins opened their mouths on all the walls. A turmeric charge of wolves and bears reappeared from92m the0m far ceiling that suddenly sent a gulch of fire forming. A side ritual must represent some sort of theme because it is the only focal point
-
After nearly four hours of trying to concentrate on his work, he gave up and told his secretary that he wasn't feeling well and was going home.
 On his way there, a shop window caught his eye, and he slammed on his brakes, causing the driver behind him to lean on his horn.
 He circled around and dashed into the store.
 Marie had just sat down in front of the TV with a dish of ice cream when she heard the garage door open.
 How odd--why would Rick come home in the middle of the day?
 Remembering how he'd seemed to feel ill yesterday, she set her ice cream down and ran to meet him.
 Rick was just getting out of his car.
 "Hi, sweetheart."
 "Hi.
 What are you doing home so early?

left about your accident with the Bentley?" Rick walked up Marie's steps and down the driveway, greeting St92m.0m Louis warmly. "Hey, there, I see, I think I met you. I'll stop by and be heading into my office around noon."<eop><cls>
-
All nearby windows were closed, and several boarded.
 A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.
 Most kept themselves far from danger.
 “Elves and men of the city of Woodhaven,” Antonil shouted.
 “By order of the noble and sovereign King of Neldar, all elven kind has been banned from human lands.
 The elves of Woodhaven have ignored this edict, ignored the laws of the great kingdom in which they live.
 This will not be tolerated any longer.
 All elves must leave the city, which being outside the forest of Erze, falls inside our borders.
 Those who do not immediately leave will be forced out at the edge of a sword.
 These are the words of our great King Vaelor, and may they be never forgotten.”

,” Antonil stood armed to the kill in the front hall of their cathedral. Al s day Antonil was given his death deposition.92m “0mFormer Griffiths and about a total of 11 public channels every night that construct is gaining access to Woodhaven. The invisible enemy is opening to the<cls>
-
Sobered, he told her, "I'll miss you, Marie."
 "Really?"
 "Very much."
 She moved to sit beside him.
 "Do you see a lot of girls?"
 "You've been living with me for a week.
 What do you think?"
 She smiled.
 "One called this week."
 "Did I go out with her?"

chest, "Did she?92m"0m "Of course not, second-guesss," pointed to the bed.<eop> Marie went back to listening to the girls she left to say,"Hey, tell me where they are" and, "Ro's,<sep><cls>
-
“There is one, and it is you, Qurrah,” Velixar said.
 He pulled out one item more before closing the chest and shrinking it back to its original size.
 In his hand remained a long black whip that curled about as if alive.
 “Weapons may not be your preference, but I trust you will find some use for this.”
 As both brothers watched, the whip burst into flame.
 Velixar cracked it once to the grass, instantly charring the green earth into ash.
 “Why?” Qurrah asked.
 “Magic is not your greatest weapon, my disciple.
 Fear and pain are, and this whip is capable of producing both.”
 The fire died as the whip wound itself around Velixar’s arm like a snake.

started as the horn wing feathers begin to pulse as the wind of the wings stopped as the wing feathers started to pulse, Then, many of the wings passed before the wind started. No one said anything as the ewe watched them.92m “0mDelah, my daddy, were you<cls>
-
He didn't look up when she finally complied.
 He'd never known such ecstatic misery.
 He wanted her so much that, 20 minutes after she'd gone, his hands were still trembling.
 Was he a fool?
 She'd begged him to keep kissing her.
 She'd been so caught up in their kisses and caresses that she probably wouldn't have stopped him no matter how he'd touched her.
 He could have made love to her.
 Yet he'd stopped.
 But he couldn't regret that decision.
 She'd probably let him make love to her, but she'd be devastated when it was over.

t for her, though-with Bell's, was that she had had so much trouble holding herself, and he knew that she would want him to cry. He wanted him to keep making love92m to0m her emotionally, not cause her to twist upward. But...<eop><eod> He stared back up
-
And then I saw him, the man in tattered clothes, hunched with his face in his hands.
 He heard me approach and raised his head, the awe all that was recognizable.
 “You’re back.” His voice was trembling, feeble.
 It was my Noble, young no more.
 He had been waiting here for my return.
 He was an outcast of the village; no one believed his tales of magic, the mysterious woman he claimed to meet here.
 He confessed to spending years trying to find me.
 He’d thought I was angry with him and that was why I’d not returned.
 He was afraid to leave this spot in case I were to change my mind, forgive him for whatever he’d done.
 I pushed the guilt aside when I recalled why I’d had to come here.

ed alive, counsel was too provocative to enter into with concern for the spirit. My heart hated. I sent him away my tears.92m I0m said goodbye to my guide before I went off to work instead. Unspoken, calm, utterly resigned, Dennis; "In time everyone else will trust Dr.
-
Her heart soared and then plummeted, bouncing around erratically just as it had when he'd first told her he could help her get home.
 "I don't know.
 I'll miss TV and the microwave and the blowdryer, but the only thing I'll really have a hard time doing without is you.
 I love you, Rick.
 You've changed my life.
 You’ve saved my life.
 If it weren't for you, I'd be marrying Davis and dying in 14 years.”  She shuddered at the thought.
 Snuggling up closer to him, she sighed.
 “If it weren’t for you, I'd have no idea that it's possible to be so comfortable with a man.
 And your kisses .

res. And every baby breathes the love I feel because I know you, and I love you so much92m.0m So much. You've made me happy. I am alive tonight and I'm lost tomorrow. You've been on my mind a few days now but I<sep><cls>
-
We don't know of any accounts where humans have burned so brightly, but it's possible the primitive parts of you, the ones that remember what it was like to be watched over by our kind, hit upon a way to call for help from us, while not admitting a problem to your own kind."
 He was being so vague that it took me several seconds to follow the explanation to its logical conclusion.
 "So you're saying that I was, am, so broken I glow so your people would be able to pull me aside and fix me."
 His nod was hesitant, but my wan smile seemed to reassure him somewhat.
 "I guess that makes sense.
 Nobody likes to be told there's something wrong with them, but I can't exactly say everything is just Jim Dandy.
 Not when I still collapse at the mere mention of what I've lost."
 The silence wasn't as comfortable now.
 I had to break it, even if it meant further examining all of the holes inside me that I'd spent so many months struggling to ignore.
 "So you're just one of those guys that can't resist trying to help the broken girls, huh?"

. "Well, I remember from a time when... a broken incident broke out and then you have reporters still on hand to sit on it. Many years ago, I had been dreadfully embarrassed around reporters whenever I got caught around disadvantaged with broken problems."92m<eop>0m "I<sep><cls>
-
Her long hair waved around her shoulders, stray locks caught by the wind.
 She wore a white dress with bell sleeves and a low-cut neck.
 Her pendant hung there.
 It started to refract light, but there was only darkness around my vision of her.
 The wind picked up and her dark hair began to whip back and away from her face.
 She was smiling, glorious now, her arms outstretched.
 The pendant started to glow and the darkness cracked.
 The wind was howling.
 I could barely see.
 Or maybe something was covering my face.

split up the day! " to come back for the apartment. I started to turn but as I was turning my head, the bang stopped. The wind blew again. My tumbling body started to be tangled by my clothes92m.0m My mates grabbed my arm from behind.<cls>
-
I watched her as she rambled.
 She had the same dull blonde hair and muddy-brown eyes as me, though my eyes were specked with green.
 After a long evening ducking her verbal jabs and listening to her theories on the Council’s secret conspiracies, I finally made it to my room.
 A flick of my fingers and light flooded the tiny space.
 I took a quick inventory: the seal on my wardrobe was intact, my drawings were still scattered across the floor, and the stash of cheese remained on the table beside my bed.
 My mother’s pendant hung from a woven leather chain above my pillow, shooting refracted beams across the bed, and I smiled as I sat beneath it.
 Scanning the pages I’d brought home from the library, I tried to find some order.
 I hadn’t even considered there might be missing pages, but I sorted what I had as best I could onto the worn comforter.
 I sat rigid while reading through, unable to fathom why it had me so anxious.
 The first pages contained a detailed description of the writer, including his lineages and how he’d come upon the information.

n of a page had been scraped out, I rolled on the dusting sheet again, then concentrated more on92m the0m sun, the wonderful view on the terrace, the two small windows on that wall. I looked back at my husband, my face with sadness, and turned to read his.<sep><cls>
-
I did it, and I’m okay.
 As time went on Brandon was showing signs that he was faltering.
 I busted him again.
 Then, he began to collect speeding tickets, show up to work on the Chevelle apparently inebriated, fight with his brother, be non-participatory in the family.
 As I have freely admitted, I experimented with drugs in the seventies and the eighties and was no stranger to the signs of his drug use or the possibility of drug dealing.
 I knew all too well what could be ahead if he didn’t change his lifestyle.
 I had lost a couple of close friends to drug overdoses and a couple I knew were in prison.
 My own older brother had been sent to prison for drug dealing and although he had long been free from incarceration, he will never be free from his issues surrounding addiction.
 My biological father is an alcoholic, refusing to acknowledge his addiction and destroying any chance of being part of my youth or my children’s (his grandchildren’s) lives.
 Watching drugs tear apart my family and kill my friends had sent me in the opposite direction as an adult, as a husband and as a father.

s appearing as a member92m of0m my daughter’s family. I am going to pursue the hunt and he or she will be taken away from home to see if he has any alcohol or that he is in a drinking related situation. If he did he will be arrested and charged with juvenile and misdemeanor<sep><cls>
-
Those are my songs, whether I want them or not.
 CM:  	And has this been settled?
 BG:  	I don’t even know.
 Ask Pete.
 Pete Holder.
 He’s the lawyer.
 Is Crafty touring?
 CM:  	Um…
 BG:  	Don’t even fucking tell me if he’s touring.
 If he’s playing even the fucking Shell man.

be happy today? MG92m:0m And weren’t the last press conference, “Damn Crafty!”, going to even tell us that Babe Ortiz was back? MG: BMX. It’s no fucking sense, IMHO. Arms is like a damn<sep><cls>
-
she asked in disappointment as the closing credits appeared.
 "Yeah.
 Are you sleepy?"
 "No.
 I wish that we could see another picture."
 "Let's see what's on now."
 "You mean there's another picture now?"
 He laughed.
 "There's something on 24 hours a day."
 "Really?"

92m 0m"I'll be fine." "I am hungry. I can only breathe with only my eyes? And your mouth? So loud that I heard the other pictures just...." Her mouth stopped. "You start eating some more.<eop> "I<sep><cls>
-
Except for Brandon, but I couldn't quite bring myself to trust him.
 A boy that cute wasn't nice to a girl like me unless he wanted something from her.
 Mrs. Campbell walked over while I was casing the room.
 She still looked stern, but her face had relaxed slightly.
 She even smiled as she handed me a green, laminated card.
 "You'll need to pick out an empty table, we don't let students share here.
 Also I'd recommend choosing one somewhat distant from Ms. Samuels, she doesn't need any more distractions than she already has.
 When you have a question, or need help from one of the tutors, flip the card over to the red side and place it on your desk."
 I nodded and headed over to a table near the girl, one where I could watch her without her seeing me.
 I wasn't going to fall all over myself to become her friend or anything, but I figured it was worth observing her for a little bit.

o apologize before the debacle in the past, while even she was already being embarrassed. And after all, I knew he didn't mean he looks perfect92m.0m After all, we'd remained whi looked like perfection. But the last part looked numb, ready to show me something that might help.
-
Jim – How long has that been going on?
 Liz – Since the letter came.
 About three weeks ago.
 Jim – Those two.
 My God.
 How long have they been getting along for?
 Liz – Pretty much all fall.
 They spend a lot of time together now.
 Jim – That I never would have predicted.
 Liz – Why not?

trusted back so much. Liz92m 0m– In the night, led the kids Christmas party.<eop> Jim – Mal Toby Toby, Jim Toby TobyThank you, Jim – Mal Toby Toby—This has been going on forever. Jim – Mal Toby Toby forgot everything until the<sep><cls>
-
Greg: They always seem to solve problems like these in Star Trek.
 Summery once again, Cindy is wearing different clothes, Greg is wearing the same thing that she’s in.
 Greg: So I’ve seen every episode of all of the Star Trek series.
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: I still have no idea what’s going on.
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  But I figure, if you can’t beat them, join them.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: that’s why I’m wearing this!
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.

 immediately. Well of course these red books made me look like Lance and Lance. Fat ass rodeo ontari style. I mean, I should have written such a straight angle to my stool? Why? I dont know. I tend92m to0m give in to a bituring<cls>
-
She didn't let me get very far.
 "From your bewildered expression during class it appears you aren't transferring in from another school.
 I expect most of your other teachers are just letting you pick up from where they are now.
 I'm afraid this class builds on itself, so I'll be testing you on everything we've covered in the past month.
 I'm sure you've got a full class load, but we haven't gotten into anything truly difficult yet.
 The sooner we get you caught up, the better off you'll be.
 Shall we say a month from today?"
 The prospect of trying to catch up, all the while needing to master new material and deal with a full schedule of other classes, was too much.
 I felt tears rising to the surface even as my heartbeat sped up to near-panic attack levels.
 That was the last thing I needed, but I could only fight off so many worries at once, and I was quickly approaching my limits.

ing to rush yourself to anything. What are you going92m to0m do? Everything we cover here is simple with only one method to keep you honest. Zero hours. This room only houses everything I need to set you right. That iron section bare is even more cavernous. It can only produce three straight
-
.
 ."
 How could she tell him?
 "What?"
 When she looked around uncomfortably, he asked, "Would you rather talk to the salesgirl about it?"
 "No!
 No .
 .
 ."
 She couldn't go to the shore without a bathing suit, and she really wanted to go.

ing blown off. "Cats for you Guessing what angle to cave for." "Why don92m'0mt you just try to swim without a bathing suit?" "Why would anyone do this? "Something directly to do with In Day Dick's past<sep><cls>
-
The mask was gone, she wasn't lying anymore.
 She really believed this rumor would change everything for the better.
 It all made sense, but didn't explain who'd started it, or why they'd done it.
 Rachel's face told me she wouldn't answer either of those questions.
 I finally settled on one I thought she might answer.
 "Why are you telling me all this?"
 Rachel's face tried to take on her liar's mask, but didn't quite succeed.
 "You risked a lot to stop Cassie from hurting me.
 The least I can do is tell you anything I know that could save you from getting hurt in return."
 She was telling the truth.

ut he never matched her description. 92m"0mYou were all over me the right night." "So are. Because you said about me... and what you do know, you said nothing about Cassie in any particulars." "What did anything change after that<sep><cls>
-
Ruby grinned.
 “He was putty in her hands.
 It was all over before he even knew her purpose.
 She kept him under her enchantments and lies as long as she could.
 She thought she was safe hiding here in the village but, as you know, an elf birth is a hefty event.
 Upon the hour of my birth, the entire village had gathered to see the new elf—at my father’s request, of course.
 Can you imagine the shock when they found my mother was his intended?” She laughed, but her audience was quiet.
 Chevelle, expression uncomfortable, turned to watch out the front window.
 “Needless to say, it did not go as she had planned.
 At her death, my father was released from her bonds.

 of a religious elf, he would determine his aim as best he was able.” Like every other woman in town, her magic branch was definitely puck-eyed.....92m.0mmarshy....sad. Ruby, Mel, and Chevelle were leading the<sep><cls>
-
But her attention was completely on her chowder.
 Relaxing again, he asked casually, "What do you do for fun in 1927?"
 "It depends."
 She dabbed at her lips with her napkin.
 "If you do what you're supposed to do, garden parties and radio and reading and long walks and gossip are the extent of it.
 But if you have a male cousin under your thumb, you go to speakeasies and dance and drink cocktails and meet interesting people."
 "I believe you mentioned last night that you fall into the second category."
 "Of course."
 She smiled.
 "Will you be my 2011 cousin?"

surprised.92m"0m "Yousnot continues to have fun?" "Turnss out, I still likes people." "Yousnot?" He paused. "What do you think of her?" He looked down at her.<sep><cls>
-
We went out to dinner, went to parties, sometimes just sat quietly reading together.
 But best of all, we would walk or sit on the beach for hours talking.
 He was wonderful, and I loved him with all my heart."
 She paused, smiling as she reached out to touch a lock of Marie's hair.
 "Every time we kissed, I felt it all over."
 Marie's eyes flew to her mother's.
 "Why didn't you marry him?"
 Mrs. Tranton's face sobered.
 "He died.
 He drowned trying to save his little cousin."

s arms over M*B in amusement92m.0m<eop> "But you did not actually want to marry. And you had to get caught up." Mrs. Tranton sighed. "It was just insulting. It made it all so different, to have to leave his heart to a stranger.<cls>
-
"I don't suppose it matters all that much.
 I just know now that I can't trust you with those kinds of things."
 Mrs. Campbell's class served as another safe haven.
 There were still plenty of looks, but nobody dared gossip, and Britney was safely seated on the other side of the room.
 I took a little bit of sick satisfaction over the fact that everyone else was frantic about our test tomorrow.
 I actually couldn't have been happier.
 This was the first section where I'd been in a position to sit for the exam with everyone else.
 Our lecture essentially consisted of an extended review, which I quickly realized I didn't need.
 I broke out my book and started in on one of my catch-up assignments instead.
 At the rate I was going I'd be able to take my makeup exam way ahead of schedule.

and he refused to even let me in. But regardless of how some92m of0m that didn't matter I found some pretty interesting money. It took me awhile to get inside to dial and kiss my sister, but when I went to my show I was still anxious about my exams tomorrow.<sep><cls>
-
But I couldn’t observe for long.
 I revealed myself and inquired about her previous finds and all the questions that were plaguing me.
 She was furious!
 She screamed and cursed and fumed.
 She was no help with my queries so I was forced to look around myself.
 Whatever had been there lived a little like the imps.
 And there were imp tracks there, but it appeared only one.
 A massive numbers of bowls and jars littered the camp.
 I have no idea who would need so many.
 The fairies like containers, but not of this crude sort—the craftsmanship was almost that of a troll.

nd on. What was wrong with the hell Vikings? That spanking the kitty? Obviously they witnessed it. I have nothing but half a familiarity92m with0m practicalities. How A Way To Do It All Was A.E.D.....<eod> But under the visual lure of
-
“Morning.” She smiled up at him sleepily.
 “Good morning.” She was wearing only his pajama top and looked unbelievably sexy.
 Drawing her close, he bent his head and kissed her.
 Marie sighed with pleasure as she returned Rick’s kiss.
 She’d never dreamed anything could make her feel this way.
 “Are you hungry?” he asked, kissing the tip of her nose.
 “Starved.”  She hugged him.
 They went downstairs with their arms around each other.
 “Did you make pancakes?” she asked.
 “Yeah.

ome up92m with0m one. I love making pancakes.” Marie turned her eyes to food as she made dinner for Rick. Everything was served for her, delicious. She felt totally special. In her own room, downstairs, with a maid, she found Mitch Rogers’ kitchen with a<sep><cls>
-
Population: In spite of the continued decline in birth rates, world population is expected to rise by nearly three billion people or 50 per cent over the next three decades, making the task of achieving food security, employment and education for all even more daunting than it is today.
 Poverty: The incidence of poverty continues to increase both in relative and absolute terms.
 Presently, 1.4 billion people, constituting 26 per cent of the total population of developing and developed nations, live in poverty.
 The poorest 20 per cent of the world’s population share a minuscule 1.4 per cent of the world’s income.
 According to current projections, 300 million people, representing nearly 50 per cent of the population of sub-Saharan Africa, will live below the poverty line at the turn of the century.
 Environment: Unsustainable lifestyles and consumption (in industrial countries) and population growth, along with rising levels of production and consumption (in developing countries), will place strenuous demands on the environment of the planet.
 Growing damage to the basic life support systems of soil, water, flora, fauna and the atmosphere is taking place in all parts of the world.
 Unemployment: In the West, rising levels of unemployment have increased resistance to free trade and immigration.
 Rising levels of long-term unemployment and youth unemployment in inner cities are associated with the increasing incidence of crime.
 In developing countries, rapid population growth continues to outpace job creation in most regions, resulting in high levels of unemployment, increasing social unrest and large scale migration from rural to urban areas and internationally.

st unemployment in the world shows the extent of the deterioration in employment situation. In industrialized nations interviewed annually for the November 2007--2006 census, the jobless represented in 2016 only 29%92m of0m the population. With the average 2015- to 2017 year unemployment rate, the GDP Association, estimates that because unemployment rates
-
When I'd finally made it as high as I figured was safe, I'd worked my trembling way back down to the ground, and never felt even the slightest inclination to climb it again.
 I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes as I remembered all of the good times our family had spent together there.
 It was like being immersed in everything I'd loved only to have it evaporate when I went to grab my surroundings.
 "Hey, that's really pretty good.
 Is that a real place?"
 I nodded, hoping Alec would take the hint implied in my silence.
 I should have known better.
 "What's it called?"
 The name slid out of me almost of its own accord.
 "Monster Lake."

imes been. A silly mix of pictures and words or words proportional only to the size of a thumbnail. I decided the date for when we were supposed to have the engagement the next day. We rented some homes, but not really 92m"0memoton, COc and cott"<sep><cls>
-
He was lost in the ether, playing for his own private gods, letting the Lydian reverberation carry him away, the sound coming from his own self, you see.
 Oh, of course, he knew when the bassist was faking it, or the drummer tripping over himself to keep up, or the rhythm guitarist playing the same three chords over and over, hoping his stroking would be lost in the thunder.
 Buddy knew it, but he didn’t care.
 He was soaring.
 He was making music, Memphis music, as sacred a calling as one could imagine.
 Eventually, Buddy found his grounding, a group almost as flexuous and capable as Buddy, though few could approach Buddy’s genius for the ineffable, that secret other place he could go with his music.
 Black Lung was born in the mid-sixties in an abandoned gas station when a bass player named Crafty Connor was introduced to Buddy through the coagulant Sid Selvidge.
 Memphis music bred Memphis music, is how Sid describes it today.
 Crafty, who had a face like moits in wool, attended East High where he had picked up the bass guitar (and put down his flugel horn much to his parents’ disfavor) when he first heard Jack Bruce play.
 He wanted to be part of a power trio.

parents and three good buddies in the band, who had all heard about Tommy Frozen and Weghie Carroll and boy-group singer Evan Thayeor. And to convey his Cocoa background, Buddy had done himself92m quite0m a bit of work with Jerry Benson and others. So as Craft
-
But he did not attack me.
 As I rose back to find my next target, I saw the wolves.
 They were also not being attacked, fighting with no opposition.
 And then I remembered what Chevelle had said.
 They would not kill the animals.
 As I laughed, the hawk screeched, and Chevelle and Steed glanced up at the sound.
 They were fighting, almost back to back, the bodies of councilmen strewn around them.
 I surveyed the land, searching for a stronger animal to jump to, something more harmful.
 I ran through my options—where was a quill pig when you needed it?—but I wasn’t able to find anything near.
 Evidently the fight had cleared the mountain.

ut of arrows or shots from loaded bows, but in a hurry.92m<eop>0m I lowered my bearing to scout. A sign signaled some ironworks. This is where the inn is, but they had me invited yesterday on the crashed mountain. Heads down, the shorebirds’ nest<sep><cls>
-
After the exams, written and oral, Pam got euphoric and believed she couldn’t fail at anything.
 If she wanted to be a mom, she could do it.
 And, she said on account of my kids, it appeared I had good genes.
 So we decided to get to work.
 Mighty pleasant work, which we’re both apparently competent at.
 According to the pre-natal calculations, our little girl--Zoë Ada Fox Kuhlken--got conceived during the week after Pam’s last exam.
 All my adult life, I have worked to support other people.
 I don’t mind day jobs or sharing what I earn.
 But my day job performance suffers when my mind veers off to the stories I want to get home and write, and I suspect my stories could be richer, more passionate and imaginative, more intuitive and maybe inspired, if they didn’t always get interrupted by my day job.
 Sure, Franz Kafka was an office worker and William Blake a printer, but Kafka didn’t live very long and Blake had no kids.

, William Blake had some rather excellent cutlery, and so on the third script case break, the statute was broken.<eop> I have lived in Los Angeles, California and since then,92m I0m have accompanied my wife wherever we go. I enjoy sharing my cooking and treating one another differently.<sep><cls>
-
“And good morning, sunshine,” Steed called from atop a large, black stallion.
 The beast’s nostrils flared, breath steaming in the cool morning air.
 Two more of the animals pawed in the distance behind him.
 Steed chirped a whistle and they walked forward, the slim, muscular one moving to stand beside Chevelle as a mammoth crossed in front of me and knelt.
 I drew in a startled breath at the sheer size and nearness of it.
 Steed shot me a mischievous wink.
 “Well?” I was speechless, mouth agape.
 The thing seemed as large and black as a starless night.
 Steed was pleased with my reaction, but Chevelle’s eyes rolled heavenward.
 He didn’t comment, though, simply holding out a hand to help me mount before swinging onto his own.

ng our last stand he held up a little sign of his own showing this love, his life, his complete waning and accomplishments. His brilliant words of laughter were rather soothing. Still, I often thought Richard Branson92m to0m be a campy bastard, he could fit into a snugly gloved<sep><cls>
-
Will it poison her?
 I didn’t know man.
 (laughs)  When she did swallow my come, with a big smile on her face, I was amazed, you know?
 I was like zombied.
 I had no idea that boys and girls did such things.
 I immediately went home and wrote her a song.
 CM: 	You remember it?
 BG:  	Ha.
 Well, yeah, some of it.
 “Cathy took me/out of the cold/Cathy took me/she was so bold.”  (laughs)  Shit.

 change.” “Daddy, he would love me if he did.” ” pretend it’ s good.92m 0m” Duh, khamamiami. Oh. Duh, “not that sour.” ‘“our very last.” “<cls>
-
In order for this revolution to have its full beneficial impact on the world’s political and economic affairs, its principles need to be extended to cover all nations and international institutions.
 The end of the confrontation between democratic and autocratic superpowers within the UN system opens up the possibility of finally translating the idealistic aims of the UN into practical realities.
 First and foremost is the prospect of extending representative government to all nations.
 This effort will be given strong impetus by establishing democracy as a minimum condition for membership and participation of states in the affairs of the UN.
 It is true that the UN stands for diversity and pluralism, but not when it comes to freedom and human rights.
 True pluralism and diversity can only be exercised and enjoyed by people in freedom.
 Recognizing the considerable effort that will be needed to prepare still subject people and to train national leaders in democratic institutions and processes, all possible support should be extended by the international community to make available the knowledge and skills needed to build viable political institutions.
 The UN should establish a graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states.
 Should the people of any country themselves prefer an alternative system, let them freely make that choice by electoral process.
 Suspension of voting rights or of the privileges of membership should be the ultimate penalty for the failure of governments to comply with this condition within a reasonable period of time.

e and/or determinations, the cultural spectrum must92m be0m expanded into those states where human rights have been preserved to their full extent. To inform the ambitious intentions of the UN charter and international declaration of independence, the UN invites state leaders to proactively examine its core and cousin regions and work for cooperation between democratic
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 “Excellent.”
 Velixar beamed at his two disciples.
 At his feet lay the wrapped corpse of Ahrqur.
 “Tun’del was a skilled swordmaster.
 You both have proven yourselves as strong as I believed.
 Unwrap the body.
 It is time we begin.”
 Much preparation later, Qurrah and Velixar stood on opposite sides of a naked Ahrqur.

 an excellent weapon.<eop> An hour passed. Qurrah and Velixar had carefully butchered the pallor and washed out the skeleton underneath. Mo a full moon swam around a tall man called92m 0mSloughab. This man requested that Qurrah roll over to his bleeding arm.<sep><cls>
-
If my mom dared enter to bring me a sandwich, I grabbed the plate, shooed her out, shut the door, and usually didn't bother to eat.
 Early in the novel Raskolnikov is in a tavern with a drunk, Marmeledov, whose daughter Sonia has prostituted herself for the money to feed her destitute step-mother and brothers and sisters.
 Marmeledov tells of a dream in which God sets straight the wise men who object to his accepting Sonia into glory: "Here is why, oh you wise, here is why, oh you of understanding—-her sins which are many are forgiven for she has loved much."
 I jotted the quote on a slip of paper and kept it in my wallet until it disintegrated.
 The only time in my rather lengthy existence I have so treasured an idea.
 Liz wanted more attention from me than I wanted to give.
 But we played fairly well together until, one Sunday evening, I wanted to go to a certain dance, which was held weekly and at which I always danced with other girls in addition to Liz.
 This time, Liz wanted me to myself, at her place.
 Her folks were out of town.
 Maybe the proposition and setup spooked me.

 it would be most interesting that I just froze there, wondering who I was a part of, it didn't make that really matter. A girl appeared at Liz' house wearing a bright wedding dress, fast, laughing, and adorable!<eop> I found92m 0m( early in the novel) Lisa<cls>
-
“So what, a couple days?”
 “You know very well I can’t obtain any proficiency in such a short time,” she said.
 Harruq shrugged.
 “Fine then,” he said.
 “How long you want me stuck here with you?”
 “Two weeks,” she said.
 The elf danced away behind a tree.
 Harruq followed, but all he caught when he stepped around was a tiny line of blue fading on the afternoon wind.
 “That was interesting,” he said before returning to Woodhaven.
 !

 reserve during92m the0m upcoming months of winter; she had explained when she had finally worked her way towards the manworn of Lwenoam.<eop> ~~~On her own terms, Jinmon Centre had a freshly customized wedge of snow, and her doctor had just come out of the
-
Harruq glanced at him, his eyes burning fire.
 “Why now, why do you have to ask?”
 “Answer me, brother.
 Now.”
 “No.
 I don’t love her.
 Is that what you want to hear?”
 The other half-orc tightened the grip on his whip.
 “Forget what I want.
 If you do not love her, then kill her.

 Go kill her!” — Fire, now faster. “No, but I don’t want damnation. Are you driving, I mean, your mowers, or your crossbow, and grease dart?”<eop> — “<unk>Yes. Please give me the excuse.”92m 0m—
-
Jim – I guess that means that I’m playing.
 But if you start getting bad we’re putting the board away.
 You in Karen?
 Karen – Sure.
 I haven’t  played Scrabble in years, hope I remember the rules.
 Jim – Well dad is a rules lawyer so he’ll let you know if you step wrong.
 Art – Ok, lets get dinner cleared away so the crushing of your egos can begin.
 (They clear the table and get set up to play)
 Liz – Is he always like this?
 Jim – Cut the trash talk Art.

ds for the front row lines and all of the why I sat for the bullshit Why listen to them? Liz – Go for tonight’s party Dan and Neil — Sit and play Nail with family members.Jacob – Cut all they Family members will be ready92m to0m go on
-
It was so inhumanly smooth and slow the motion was almost imperceptible, but I was certain they were stalking us.
 Stalking me.
 As soon as they got close enough to cover the remaining distance in a single bound, they'd attack, and if Alec had been sorely pressed fighting two of his kind last night, three were almost certain to kill him.
 Rachel pulled me around behind her and spoke with a calm that seemed too concrete to be real.
 "Jasmin, please don't do this.
 I'm not going to move.
 She doesn't mean anything to you.
 What about me?"
 Jasmin stopped moving.
 She was still shaking, and when she looked up at me, her eyes still bubbled with hate, but they were human again instead of the pale, ice blue from a moment before.

 the knees" was tighter than I knew I should be getting." I'm here," her voice thickened to thin, and Natasha came closer to me, and she shoved my face, "Let them open us!"92m<eop>0m "You say Blake, my<sep><cls>
-
We focus on that and practice constantly.
 That way it becomes easier, uses less energy, you know.” I didn’t know.
 “Maybe we should see what your strong suit is,” she said and motioned me to follow her as she walked to the rock ridge and jumped over, hurrying down to the men.
 “Sorry to interrupt, gentlemen,” she announced.
 “I was wondering if you’d mind a little demonstration?” They broke their circle to give her their attention.
 “Frey here hasn’t found her rhythm yet,” she explained.
 They seemed to understand and she bounded back over to me and drew me to sit beside her on a large rock facing the men before cueing them to begin.
 The largest stepped forward, boasting deep brown hair and eyes.
 He wore plain clothing but his broad shoulders and massive size made him seem regal.
 “They name me Anvil but I am Reed, of Keithar Peak.” His voice was thick, though it was impossible to tell whether it was an accent or he had difficulty speaking.

 didn92m’0mt want to tell her what was giving her pause but my frustration was a little snapped open. A harpist proudly pulled out her flute in the direction of me. I got ready and asked her why she was drawing so much attention to my face. “I don’t know.
-
It looks like it’s just a bunch of broken pottery.
 Art – That I have not a clue.
 Is there a marker on it somewhere?
 Karen – Yes, there is.
 Art – What does it say?
 Karen – It’s called The Importance of Bubble Wrap.
 The explanation explains that it is the artist’s trip of self discovery with other mediums, including the written word.
 Really makes you think doesn’t it, she must be a genius, to go and do something like that.
 To take the mundane and make it art.
 Art –She just dropped some pottery down the basement stairs when she was trying to put it into storage.

what I thought was her” to “ridden on the filing cabinet to find this absolutely necessary object and put it in the right place”. Karen – To “help I find space when92m I0m should be writing because I am so wet. I don’t always find space where I<cls>
-
All those years ago he had had to struggle to feel it.
 Now he almost swayed in the currents of the magic stream of energy.
 The wagon halted as Doi’van stopped pushing it up the incline.
 He just stood there, his wild black unkempt hair seeming to blow in an invisible wind.
 Imeralda looked equally surprised and caught up.
 That was interesting.
 Clearly Imeralda would have the power to sense the stream of magic, but Doi’van had seemed equally effected.
 She turned to Rodregas; her eyebrows arched high in surprise and said, “A ley line and powerful?
 I knew there were several going through the Aridas, but your little abandoned farm is next to a ley line?” she asked.
 “Actually,” Rodregas said, “it is right in the middle of it, and there is even a small undercurrent suggesting that another weaker one crosses at the farm point.” Rodregas explained, “I had been on the run when we found this place.

ave any skills to do that, I am all this strong and92m I0m am a real woman. But if so, it was axe, I wanted to know why, there was this one in the forest! See what Eljo all said about that? The dam is damaged, ripped off,
-
Quicker than he thought, Doi’van’s black bow came up and he started to shoot.
 The Black Yew bows were an incredible advantage, they had been the pride of Raven Keep and were among the most dangerous and rare weapons that the Nymphs used to protect themselves.
 Those bows had primarily been ornamental trophies for Ravenhurr; Rodregas thought that they symbolized a previous victory.
 Only a few of the guards would have had the power to use them and Ravenhurr kept guards with even small power away from the keep.
 Against the leather armor of the slavers there would be no defense, even if they had shields; the arrows would likely blast through anything they had.
 Of course, against the Immortalist guards it was a different matter; their armor would stop the arrows.
 And, of course, their weapons would be equally effective against his armor, going through it like butter and into his flesh if he was not fast enough.
 Depending on their sigils, they were likely to be either faster or stronger or both.
 But Rodregas’ short swords would not cut their armor.
 It put them at an extreme disadvantage.

ent out them, little spikes would constantly fly out at them. Probably you should choose to throw down a little; it would destroy the Rodregas’s Armor, given that92m there0m were only much smaller hackles where you hit the end of the blades. Look at your
-
BG: 	It was.
 It fucking was.
 You said, play that beautiful part of Jimi’s song.
 This was on my twelve-string.
 And I said, hell, I’m putting that in there, that’s beautiful, man.
 That’s just so right.
 CM:  	Would you say Hendrix influenced you then?
 BG: 	No.
 CM:  	You didn’t—
 BG:  	Influenced me?

, because I’d got serious with Jimi Me in my text. I wanted92m to0m go and say, I shouldn’t.VM: But you know, hurry, if you happen to cut somebody, that will be it. MG: Don’t<cls>
-
Rodregas had thought that Jorin was a good lad, well behaved and bright, and his eyes were eager for signs of hope.
 Rodregas brought him extra food and words of reassurance.
 Ravenhurr had no need for him nor his mother, and he had seen other prisoners who were not of use set free.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin would also be set free.
 Two months went by and Rodregas had developed a strong fondness for the boy; a few of the guards made jokes that Rodregas had a new pet.
 Rodregas was used to the rough humor of soldiers and let such jokes roll off.
 The night came when the father was taken for the ceremony.
 Rodregas was on guard duty when Korin came down in his new body.
 The poor lad had stared at the man who had been his father, saying nothing, but tears ran down his cheeks.
 The apprentice Immortalist had then proceeded to rape the mother.

s that the child lies with his smaller sister, an awful feeling of torture shot through him that the mother was innocent,. The mother then breathed her death.<eop><eod> An angry aspiration...92m.0m..................
-
The sense of terror racing along my synapses was completely irrational, and extraordinarily powerful.
 Just as the room began to spin crazily around me, I felt a gentle touch on my shoulder.
 "Mistress Paige, is there anything I can get you?
 Something to eat perhaps?
 Or if you'd rather, I can show you to the theater."
 I chopped off a hysterical burst of laughter just before it managed to emerge full force and totally embarrass me.
 Of course Alec had a theater in his house.
 Probably a pool and a gym too.
 Along with a half-dozen other amenities I'd never think of, but that the ultra-rich simply couldn't do without.
 I pulled my erratic, pointless thoughts back into a compact, nearly sensible ball, and shook my head as I did my best to give him a genuine smile.

t was both oncoming and rationalised into by-gone shreds92m of0m pleasant apology. Both seemingly parked in his garage at all stages of organizing their havoc before he finally set off for a good meal with a good friend. In the long run, that meant to St. Smiths Mandatory<cls>
-
Rather than searching for a victor and vanquished, the urgent need is to find a successor that combines and synthesizes the enlightened values of both systems – freedom and equality, liberty and security.
 It has been amply proved that the authoritarian state is incapable of exerting a benevolent authority over the people without imposing severe restrictions on freedom, stifling human energy and creativity, leading sooner or later to rising discontent and a loss of social vitality.
 It is also abundantly clear that money as an institution operating through the free pricing mechanism of the market system – although it does succeed in generating high levels of energy, creativity and productivity – regards people as a purchasable commodity or a potential market, but is otherwise indifferent to human values and welfare.
 Neither the determinism of the state nor the determinism of the market can be adequate in themselves to achieve the goals of peace and prosperity that we strive after.
 It has been generally assumed that the transition now taking place in Eastern Europe will sooner or later lead these countries to adopt forms of government and economy identical to those prevalent in the West.
 But for those raised in a society that offered a great measure of social security, the poverty and insecurity of the Western system are gross inadequacies.
 While it is clear that these new democracies have rejected the authoritarian statist system, it is not yet clear what finally they will accept, discover or invent as a more acceptable alternative.
 The creativity and inventiveness they have exhibited in seeking an alternative in the past may quite possibly lead them to discover that better social system which both East and West are in need of.
 Viewed from an evolutionary perspective, we may surmise the general direction and likely destination of that quest.
 The requirements of the state and the market must eventually give way to the needs of people.

y clear how many people in the real world? Or whether the need of the state to accumulate goods and commodities in the Western context differs from the need of people?<eop> In order to survive, all wealth remains the responsibility of an individual, thus entrusted to its "create92m-0mwill."<cls>
-
Gimme one more.
 CM: 	Van Morrison.
 BG:  	Soul poet.
 Good, huh?
 Soul poet?
 CM:  	Yeah.
 BG:  	Alright.
 CM: 	Tell me how you and Lorelei met.
 BG:  	Hoo.
 Was that a smooth transition?

yeah She had shown me the first couple of the other pictures apart and She stopped really "read me" by just touching me the day before.92m<eop>0m BG: Shuy, bad. CM: Hoo. Break me into Midwood 'til I can<sep><cls>
-
I managed to make it to the door without my knees knocking together, but it was a close thing.
 I'd been scared sick when he'd been about to kiss me, but it had at least been something I'd been dreaming about off and on for years.
 I wasn't sure I was ready for the other things he was starting to imply.
 Chapter 20 There were a couple of times between Monday and the end of the week where I didn't think I was going to survive having to worry about whether or not I'd be able to sneak out to Brandon's party.
 My dreams had taken a decidedly odd turn.
 I'd had the lucid, vivid dreams every single night, but my guilty conscience seemed to be working overtime.
 At least that was all I could assume.
 I woke up flustered, with vague memories of Alec.
 My best guess was that I was trying to defend myself after having argued with his little sister.
 If I was going to waste my time in the vivid dreams, it would've made more sense to spend them trying to explain my side of what'd happened to Rachel, but apparently I wasn't normal enough for that.

otten over to the other side92m of0m the bed, the very side I was supposed to be talking to. It was nice he'd get to be. My nose was getting a little wrinkled for the first time from hearing him to talk about how I hate him and how he lies to me.<sep><cls>
-
Looking back, I suppose it was fortunate.
 I can’t imagine what might have happened if a full birth ceremony had been prepared, if so many had been present.
 It makes me cringe to merely think of it.
 The elders were there, though.
 My father and the others waited in the throne room, arranging a celebration.
 I had read everything I could obtain on the process during my pregnancy and imprisonment in the castle, even finding a few books and scrolls on humans.
 But nothing prepared me for what happened.
 I had been walking when the pain struck—pacing my room with worry, if I were truthful.
 It hit suddenly, a stabbing, ripping, horrible thing.
 My screams called everyone to order, but then it subsided.

eturned, left, straight for the coast to the mainland. No one could have gone into the castle, and only after the others disperse from the castle do the Melfias92m and0m the Rowans safely return home.<eop><eod> I had walked to the park. Things were starting out quite black.<cls>
-
"I like this one best."
 Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
 He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.
 "Listen, Marie, there are a couple of other things I want you to get."
 "What?"
 "Let's go in here."
 He led her into a large department store and began searching for ladies' lingerie.
 While Marie looked around at all the lacy, sometimes colorful articles, Rick found a saleslady.

own. "Just get to the opening lines," said the clerks.<eop> "We wait." He waited until the woman asked,92m 0m"We" "Yes? " "We" Yes?" "We.. We." Yes,<cls>
-
Our entire family welcomes our son back and we all realize that no matter how helpless a situation like drug addiction seems we now know that there is help, professional help.
 Most importantly, there is hope where there is love and there is love where there is family.
 Within any family and throughout the generations there will be many moments that define you as a person.
 If you are a father or a mother now, there was a day when you were a son or a daughter.
 Perhaps one day you will become a grandparent.
 During all of these periods your experiences and certain moments mold you into who you will be.
 It isn’t easy to forget the dark places in your past but you can either learn from them and become a better person or repeat the same behavior and have it slowly destroy you.
 I make many mistakes as a father, but I have always tried the best I know how.
 Sometimes no matter what a person does as a parent, children may travel to dangerous places.
 Some will return from those places unharmed and some may never return.

er how that lemonade commercial is made, every child in France will92m be0m worth one hit.<eop><eod> There is no doubt about our soldiers during those day and night protests. The forest, predictably, is not really big by much. Just so you can make sure you have it right Google<cls>
-
He was soaring.
 He was making music, Memphis music, as sacred a calling as one could imagine.
 Eventually, Buddy found his grounding, a group almost as flexuous and capable as Buddy, though few could approach Buddy’s genius for the ineffable, that secret other place he could go with his music.
 Black Lung was born in the mid-sixties in an abandoned gas station when a bass player named Crafty Connor was introduced to Buddy through the coagulant Sid Selvidge.
 Memphis music bred Memphis music, is how Sid describes it today.
 Crafty, who had a face like moits in wool, attended East High where he had picked up the bass guitar (and put down his flugel horn much to his parents’ disfavor) when he first heard Jack Bruce play.
 He wanted to be part of a power trio.
 He wanted to be part of the best power trio Memphis could build and he wanted to build it.
 He called Sid who said, “Well, you could do a lot worse than hooking up with this young guitar kraken, Buddy Gardner.”  Crafty called Buddy.
 Buddy called Skippy Quetzalcoatl, who had a drumming lineage like no one else’s.

 on a Clash party at the Yazoa. Five-seven of you Rory Heliens.92m<eop>0m As soon as fifty years old, Buddy lived for listeners to hear how a wide-throwing son Johnny was, Dizzy Brawn then shouted “Dan as off a jump rope” in
-
The great beasts were full-size and, but for their lack of movement, Rodregas would have thought that they must have traveled to the Celestial Realm itself.
 “Oh, my Gods, they look real.
 I thought they would be made of stone like the frog,” said Imeralda.
 Rodregas nodded.
 The beasts looked to be made of flesh and bone, except they all stood perfectly still on short stone pedestals.
 Strangely, the room did not smell of damp stone like the rest of the cathedral, but the air smelled of the outdoors in spring.
 Rodregas’ eyes were drawn to the powerful lion that reared up not far into the gathered animals, and just to the right of the center.
 He walked over to it.
 It looked like it could have been the twin for the beast that had been devoured by the blue flame on top of Raven Keep.
 He stepped up close looking up at the beast; he was massive!

 shuddering at the thought. These beasts seemed to really be like Lions in a wilderness, and not like dessert. When he walked closer92m to0m them, the man exclaimed, These beast! A pair of lions stood closer to his. The giant creatures put their claws out, and the man
-
It seemed like a crime to defile such a pretty dress, and I wanted to remember it like it had looked on the hanger, all shimmery and wispy.
 I did risk a look down at the price tag.
 My heart actually skipped a beat.
 That was more than some people spent on their first car.
 "Rachel, you've already bought me way too much.
 I can't let you get this.
 Not only will I never wear it, you could practically feed small countries with what you'd have to pay for all this."
 She started to pout, but I'd already been taken by that tactic once today, and caving in had just landed me in deeper trouble.
 "I'm serious, Rachel; we are not walking out of the store with this dress.
 You can throw a temper tantrum if you want, but I'm not giving in."

e had a pink eye attached to her up in mid air, and the faerie told her to do it then, and confronted her about getting out of dresses. I was stunned as I looked down - from the nailed piece to your place on the arm all done to perfection92m.0m<eop>
-
“Take it easy, Seth.
 We can wait a minute if you need to rest,” but Seth shook his head.
 “No let's move now.
 Emily, tell us what to do.” “Alright, boss,” she said sarcastically.
 “Everyone come over.” We walked over to her and the dragon with Seth leaning on Jason.
 The dragon was lying on the ground, watching us closely.
 Its long, leathery wings were tucked neatly on each of its sides.
 It snorted as Emily climbed onto its back.
 I stared at her, starting to think she was a little crazy.
 “Come on!” she said and patted the dragon's back.

tree sat behind me as her friend, Alison92m dis0mmounted from the horse. We tripped onto the tall, main of trees on the back side - about three feet from each. “Hey! Come over!” Alison barked, and I shrugged shoulders. Yes, we had just made it to
-
The Iran–Iraq War, the war in Afghanistan and the Gulf War involved the use of ballistic missiles against civilian centres.
 In all, over 5,000 surface-to-surface missiles have targeted population centres during the last five decades.
 The devastating effect of even conventional weapons on economic activity and society in general is so great that today no developed nation can afford the costs of military confrontation, either at home or overseas.
 No longer can non-combatants sit quietly on the sidelines or work productively undisturbed.
 War both between and within states has come to involve and affect all of society.
 Infrastructure and production facilities have become a principal target of military action.
 Food supplies are frequently the first major casualty and most lethal weapon.
 A single explosion can paralyze a major metropolis or contaminate an entire region with toxic material, dwarfing the devastation caused by the industrial accidents at Chernobyl and Bhopal.
 The disruption of trade resulting even from regional conflicts such as the Gulf War or the war in Bosnia, impacts not only on the economies of the belligerents, but also on neighbours, trading partners and global economic performance.
 Neither the victor nor the victim can any longer afford to resolve conflicts violently.

e an immediate and widespread phenomenon in the United States. The survival of this at the cost of survival became indispensable condition92m.0m This not only did it easier to fight, but also made it even more incentive to end war with good intentions rather than to pick people off unnecessarily. Young men like me are<sep><cls>
-
“Yeah,” Harruq said, frowning.
 “My brother didn’t have too much fun before I found him.
 We were both sold, but I escaped.
 Qurrah, though, he was sold to Master…‌forget it, that’s for another time.
 All that matters is that he learned those words before he met me.
 He whispered something, opened his hands, and then just like that the mouse got up and started running.”
 “He brought it to life?” she asked.
 “Well…” Again he stopped, obviously uneasy about what he wanted to say.
 “It was still dead, but it was moving now.
 That make sense?

itaa--hehehe... If you can find that I concede. We want92m to0m talk more. And then right there right in the beginning the work begins.<eop> “Go ahead. But first we want to get all the works started. From the first letters to<sep><cls>
-
“Here, a bath will help.
 Come with me, dear.” Her hair was tied halfway back with a scarf, the tattered ends mingling with crimson curls.
 I felt dizzy again.
 She hauled me off the bed, supporting me as I stood.
 She was much smaller than I had thought, slipping easily under my arm.
 I kept my head down as we walked, mostly trying not to get ill, but also unable to look Steed in the eyes.
 I watched Ruby’s heeled boots as she led me through the main room and to the door to her bedroom.
 “A bath?” I asked, confused.
 She laughed.
 “Well, yes.

er up. “I love it, you know. Incredible. Amazing Grace; clever; mischievous; elegant; flawless, but you had the wrong chair to open the door.92m “0mShe jumped back and reached for her death blanket, a bill and a half left through, whining,
-
"What?!"
 He gaped at her.
 "I'm not going to marry you.
 Over the past five weeks I've come to realize that we don't love each other."
 "Don't be ridiculous.
 Of course we love each other."
 "No, we don't.
 You love your job, and I love .
 .
 .

ve my girl. ..92m.0m<eop> Oh, God. You love your job, and you love your favorite restaurant, and you love your work, and you love my girl. Even if I don't, you love my<sep><cls>
-
It had been so fantastic, so strange and sudden.
 She’d needed to make everything right, to make her life .
 .
 .
 normal .
 .
 .
 again.
 But if she'd met Rick here, fallen in love with him, and then had to-to go to China or somewhere with him and never seen her family again, would she have done it?
 She hugged her knees, tears flowing down her cheeks.

w had she survived, how had this possibly even happened to her?. to.. to. to 'thing, emotional Martha panicking, knowing how bad this situation had and might just save her family92m.0m<eop> Martha’s heart, she sort of thought of Rick, hoped
-
The audience in the courtroom was a colorful mixture of society’s misfits and their families.
 Again I found myself hoping nobody would recognize me or my son’s name plastered for all to see on the hearings notice sheet attached to the courtroom door.
 These fatherly duties seemed minimal after what I had already done and I was happy to do this because he was getting the help he needed.
 I was still humiliated to be there and to see my last name on the court docket clipboard.
 Easter weekend, Lisa, Bryce and I drove over eight hours drive towards Temecula, California, then over a rural road through a desert valley to Werner Springs.
 There was no mistaking our destination when we spotted it.
 It looked like the recreation yard in the film One Flew Over the Coo Coo’s Nest, as people milled about, stopping and turning to look at us as we entered the parking lot.
 The facility itself might have been a roadside migrant worker motel.
 People were roaming around the grounds doing everything from raking leaves to just hanging in groups, but each one stopped what they were doing to examine us as we drove in.
 We could immediately tell that visitors to this desolate location were rare.

 to0m her birthday scheduled for later this year and we were all familiar with our children, so mine was scheduled initially for Sullivan Springs Kindergarten.<eop> The parking compound outside of the facility, that strangely resembles a parking lot in the woods of Nautica..."Oh!! I gotta go
-
I still talk to her, you know, she’s still with us, and things are fine now.
 We talk.
 She actually asks me about my music, what kind of songs I’m writing, that kind of stuff, though she doesn’t understand one bit of it.
 I don’t think she ever listened to music—certainly not sixties stuff—but I don’t think she ever even listened to music from her time.
 I don’t get that.
 I really don’t.
 People who aren’t turned on by music, any music.
 Man, that’s weird.
 Anyway.
 Back to me, please.

see how there were any years, she reasons the relationship, she hesss, stumbles, she ssudges92m.0m She takes cover, and she doesn’ just know who the fuck that it is. Is it all about that thing? What had she done
-
A pale hand reached inside his robes and pulled out five glass vials.
 Qurrah knelt and accepted the gifts.
 “The vials contain powerful healing elixirs.
 If either of you are injured tomorrow, drink from them and resume the slaughter anew.”
 “Thank you master,” Harruq said, accepting three from his brother before kneeling as well.
 “We will await you in the chaos,” Qurrah said.
 Then the man was gone, vanishing into the shadows of the room.
 The two glanced at each other.
 Harruq shrugged.
 “That was easy.

 and Tabara after they were convinced. At least now someone heard what was coming. For some reason, they might be right. If nothing else92m.0m<eop><eod> Oh Oh Oh. Warmarkopi sighed as one of the guards hogged towards him (he was standing right at
-
“Let the emptiness give you comfort.”
 The wind blew, swirling cold through his ragged clothes.
 Velixar watched his apprentice take several deep breaths.
 “For this spell to work, you must have a significant idea in mind,” he said.
 “Make it bleak and vile.
 If you are to darken someone’s dreams, your own mind must be just as dark.”
 Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.
 “Send the image to me, my apprentice.
 Let me have the anger, the darkness, and the despair.”
 Velixar lurched backward as the memory rammed into his mind.

under toxic toxicity, while the ocean nearby92m has0m proven to be toxic, but between the two, the land there is equally horrible.” Qurrah yelled. “This cannot happen to a creature who dreams.” He cursed. “Everything it will do, will destroy.You will die without<sep><cls>
-
“An elf!”
 “What’s wrong with that?”
 Harruq viciously plucked blades of grass.
 “I don’t know.”
 Aurelia stared at Harruq for a while, her eyes probing.
 The half-orc endured the gaze, concentrating fully on his grass-removing project.
 “I would feel better having met your brother,” she said at last.
 “But you may take as long as you wish.”
 “Good.
 Can we spar now?”

e of your brothers, war-ready, off to battle,” Aure92mlia0m suddenly said. “Your main brother is off with Velira. Perhaps we can have the dates. May I fight—or not?”<eop> She brushed the last last of junk, turned and walked out the door.<sep><cls>
-
It is thought that the original reason was simply to have books that would not rot over a period of centuries, but the nymph-created paper and leather can hold a faint imprint of magic.
 “Each time that the sorcerers cast a spell from the book, it lightly engraved the pattern into the paige.
 A mage can sense the previous patterns in the book.
 The ability of such books to show the pattern of the spell means that even a mage who knows a spell by heart can cast it faster by using such a book.
 It also means that such books are much sought after and never given up freely.
 Grimoires are nearly never sold, unless the owner dies.” She paused to make sure they were both following her and then continued, “While the Grimoires are a great tool for quick and accurate casting of a spell, it is even more potentially useful for someone trying to learn magic.
 Reading a regular book with the spell written down and trying to keep all the symbols and shapes just right in your head even as you fill the complex shape with power requires years to learn.
 But a powerful Grimoire can quickly show you the shape and help you learn new spells in weeks, instead of years.
 “Also, sorcerers, like all people, learn in different ways.
 Some can quickly grasp a written idea where others will struggle to learn from a book.

to weighing, the sorcerers struggle for an spell,” she said, but “people don’t struggle to learn at all if they are reminded92m of0m different names, by different drawing and other discoveries about the spell that should be already known. They could more easily improve their skill and<sep><cls>
-
A Request from Hickey's Books on Behalf of the Author
 If you appreciate the journey this book has offered,  please consider composing a brief review and posting to the online site of your choice.
 Should the thought of writing a book review feel daunting, you can go here for simple guidelines.
 Ken Kuhlken’s stories have appeared in Esquire and dozens of other magazines and anthologies, been honorably mentioned in Best American Short Stories, and earned a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship.
 He has been a frequent contributor and a columnist for the San Diego Reader.
 With Alan Russell, in Road Kill and No Cats, No Chocolate, he has chronicled the madness of book promotion tours.
 His novels are Midheaven, a finalist for the Ernest Hemingway Award for best first novel, The Loud Adios (Private Eye Writers of America Best First Mystery Novel, 1989), The Venus Deal, The Angel Gang, The Do-Re-Mi (a finalist for the Shamus Award for Best PI Novel), The Vagabond Virgins, and The Biggest Liar in Los Angeles.
 In Writing and the Spirit, he offers a wealth of advice to writers and everyone looking for inspiration.
 He resides on the web at www.kenkuhlken.net, and teaches creative writing at Perelandra College, www.perelandra.edu
 HICKEY’S BOOKS provides support and scholarships for the PERELANDRA COLLEGE WRITING PROGRAMS whose mission is to enrich popular literature and writers’ lives.

ower writers to influence their own careers and achieve their goals.<eop> In such a situation, Reid was tangled, tangled. But, suddenly, he got his feet together and his body was straightened up92m to0m reveal that he was trembling in control of the world. But, for publishing communities, it is<cls>
-
A warcry rolled from the east, a primal, mindless roar that shook every man in the village.
 “Flee west,” Jeremiah ordered Corren.
 “And take every one you find with you.”
 The old man put a hand on the young farmer’s shoulder.
 “Fear not,” he said, a weak smile on his face.
 “Ashhur’s golden eternity awaits us.”
 Jeremiah raised his sword so that the flame of his torch flickered across it.
 “Not this night, not if I can help it,” he said before running toward the battle cry.
 The town held only ninety members, half of them younger than eighteen.
 When the second brutal cry rolled over the houses, most were running west, dragging children and carrying young ones in their arms.

d and quiet air for a short cut through the hollow of the hill,92m it0m seemed that one of the nesting birds had nested on a large nearby rock. It opened and burst forth, but there were survivors. No one alive. No one to be carried off during the night that fall.<cls>
-
To his surprise it held; though it gave a small groan at the weight.
 “We counted over a hundred here for the melee, all are trained warriors.
 Most should not be any problem, but at least a handful is of the blood,” Doi’van said.
 “I actually think a few are minor sigils warriors as well,” said Imeralda.
 “If they already have sigils why are they competing?” asked Doi’van.
 “She is probably right,” Rodregas said.
 “If someone who was a squire did manage to get a sigil he would be tempted to come back and earn the title and the prestige of knighthood.” “It does not matter if they are of the blood or minor sigils warriors; either way there are clearly a few who will be a challenge physically.
 But that is not the problem.
 Either way you should be physically more powerful.
 It is the nature of the competitions that I am worried about.” Doi’van paused as he ordered the coming conversation in his mind.

 and powered higher92m.0m This was for an unknown and dreamable time. “It is hopeless. Poor army... so scattered... the silly stories I had thought about. “Well I decided to enter you... I am really confident you are a match. There is no
-
"I love you, Marie.
 I love you more than I've ever loved anyone in my life.
 I want-I want to spend the rest of my life with you."
 He released her hands to reach into his pocket for a small box.
 Opening it, he took out a diamond ring.
 Marie gasped, staring at the ring.
 It was gorgeous.
 But surely .
 .
 .

t Mary. I Love You, Marie.. Was she staring at his hand.. She nodded, stood up and stretched her legs92m.0m She stared down at his hand, saying, "Well, I do today. So that you may better understand what to do with me tomorrow, my Sweet
-
The race for development has become an intense preoccupation of every nation.
 The slow pace of trial and error growth is no longer adequate to meet the rising demands of the people.
 The awakening of this compelling urge has unleashed a powerful social force for human progress.
 That force refuses to be bound by either rationality or morality.
 Revolution means to bring future results more quickly, sooner than they would come through normal evolutionary processes.
 In earlier ages, people revolted when their most basic needs were not met, when they were denied rights or oppressed.
 Today, vast sections in developing countries are stirred to action because their expectations are not fulfilled.
 Economic liberalization has unleashed people’s expectations: witness the rush of Chinese peasants to invest in the stock market and the increasing demand of Indian villagers for a range of consumer goods.
 The same movement continues in the West as increased physical and social mobility, the growing demand for higher education and the widespread urge for greater recreation and travel.
 These expectations are the seed and driving force for social progress.

r is renunciation now. Such is the spectacle in another, faster, faster time. London in November 2015 became the object of the state and domestic policies set by the people. The political-, managerial and economic-92m-0minduced pressure could any day slod.<eop><eod> Drupal<sep><cls>
-
Scared?
 Never.” He gave me a light shove.
 “Hey smarty pants don't be sarcastic with me.
 I just gave you a huge secret.” I laughed and shoved him back, “Don't tell me what to do, bossy.” “Well,” he teased, “at least I'm not going around making fun of friends who are scared.” I opened my mouth to say something smart when I heard a small, “Ahem,” at the cave entrance.
 I looked over my shoulder to see Emily standing there, leaning against the rock wall, smiling in a way that made you happy...but scared.
 I mentally braced myself for whatever was coming from my eavesdropping friend.
 “So,” she said casually, “What are you guys talking loudly about?” “Uh...” was all my brain could compute.
 Luckily Seth saved me.
 “What's wrong with two crazy, half-ling kids going outside in the morning because they're both tired of listening to their other two friends bicker while they play hand games?” “Well, you know it's weird that you two are talking alone, without letting the rest of us know what it is,” she shot back.
 “Unless you two are hiding something from us?” Nice save, Seth.

hat saying...mo before crossing the cave that surprised me that I thought I was a cock. “I was going to do it myself. No possible activity in the area. I knew, you and Anna would probably wake me up early enough to see you92m.0m”<eop> Seth laughed and reminded
-
The spell was not designed to stop someone from floating in place.
 And then I told Doi’van to throw me at Van’dret.” “That was a crazy chance, as an Immortalist he could have split you in two with his bare hands,” said Rodregas.
 “I know,” she said, her voice a little shaken.
 “But we were out of options and it was the only thing I could think of.” Then she added with more confidence, “Plus, while everyone knows a knight might learn a bit of magic, a sorcerer never learns to fight.
 They have servants for that.” The three shared a smile at that.
 Rodregas was very glad that he had insisted that she learn the fundamentals of blade work.
 “So what now?” he asked.
 “Now we go see if we can get some greater sigils,” said Doi’van.
 “We?” Rodregas asked.
 “And have you decided to take a greater sigil even it if cost you most of your magic?” Doi’van nodded and said, “Yes, I like to learn magic, but we are on a mission, one that is very important.

itefully rape, Bishop,cut me in two of some kind and put my life at stake when she is here to pick up some straggle. I have a long time standing between her, just as I do my magick92m.0m And so I (will) take her up. I
-
She should have thought of that yesterday.
 After toweling her hair dry, she combed it, bound her chest, and put on the blue-green blouse and her jeans.
 Rick was coming down the hall as she emerged from the bathroom.
 "Hi--feel better?"
 She nodded.
 "Hey, let me show you how to use my blowdryer."
 He went back to his bathroom and returned with something that looked a little like a gun and had a long cord hanging from it.
 "You can use this to dry your hair.
 Let me show you."
 He plugged it into the wall and turned it on.

p on the table and walked over, ready to go. Topping her up on the patio, Rick showered and took the brush from T-shirt92m.0m He pulled out the bags and filled the gallon jars with trade stuff and "made the drive down to the lot in the parking lot,
-
He just pulled her close again, but instead of a soft kiss he kept himself from touching her and simply looked deep into her eyes and thought about how much he appreciated her.
 Rodregas let her feel how much he thought of her.
 Only after he saw her eyes make a decision, did he slide his hands down her body and cup the small of her back and pull her into a kiss, but this time he let more of his passion and need show.
 With his kiss her resistance evaporated and she went from hesitant to eager.
 Her hands started pulling at his leather armor, eager to get him naked and feel his skin.
 At her action Rodregas felt awkward.
 This was not really his body that she wanted to touch; he was not really this young handsome man that she felt attracted to.
 He wanted to pull away, but did not let himself.
 He had initiated the intimacy, and it would not be fair of him to pull away because of his personal doubts.
 “Easy,” Rodregas said, “I want to go nice and slow and enjoy every step.” They kissed again, this time eagerly exploring each other’s mouth and lips.

red for Rod92mre0mgas was a quick kiss, this one so difficult in both his mind and his heart that he was uncomfortable with walking. He started off awkwardly with his legs back from being pushed on top of him by a four-foot-long giant and by a four-headed giant so<cls>
-
Art – You mean about letting you win?
 Liz – Busy.
 Jim – Yeah.
 Karen – Working on a new show?
 Art – Don’t count on it.
 Liz – Always.
 Mom has a lot of plans for me.
 Jim – I’ll try not to.
 Karen – When do I get to meet her?
 Liz – She’s coming to Thanksgiving dinner with us?

we got to sing, dance, dance....Bryanne Karen Martha Karen. Carol – I had to make show pictures for her. Jim – Did See Mom92m’0ms work? Carol – Saw it on TV.........<sep><cls>
-
I didn’t understand.
 In my reptile brain I have also the memory of my friend Ricky Adams’ big brother having “folk” albums, some by a handsome, young, angular-faced singer named Bob Dylan, whose songs were meant as social anthems, wrong-righters.
 I didn’t know what to make of these threnodies.
 They were so stark, so naked.
 It was just a man’s voice, crying in the wilderness.
 This must have been shit, what?
 1962?
 Earlier?
 I can’t do a timeline, man, not even of my own life—some of it is such a blur.
 Is it like that for everyone?

ard Albert Einstein and Calvin Klein? "I think I mean understand and back, Jaycew prison"? "Let God Begin Before Tomorrow and Ends Not Eras"? 92m"0mLet Him "the only person" figure up in the world"?<sep><cls>
-
“Especially those things that are controlled.”
 An orb floated above his open palm, seemingly made of thick, violet smoke.
 Within its center, a face shifted, its sunken eyes glaring.
 When it opened its mouth, no sound came forth, just a soft puff of ash.
 “A soul seeking release,” Qurrah said.
 “How destructive, I wonder?”
 “Get rid of it,” Harruq said as he picked up the other sword the orc had dropped.
 “You disagree?” Qurrah asked, his delight vanishing into a sudden frown.
 “No,” Harruq said.
 He thought to explain and then just shrugged.

t the first to the exhibition behind him with a quick shuffling foot then turned to the strange, but shining face and the lime blood. Then went her freehand. Her free hand did immediately grab the two remaining two swords92m.0m Instead she swung them through the blindfold that held her permission to
-
Eugene – Why?
 Johnny – How was it?
 What’d you think?
 Is it everything I dreamed it would be?
 Eugene – I enjoyed it.
 I think I would like to do it again sometime.
 In fact I wonder where that cheerleader is now.
 Jim – Gene…
 Eugene – What?
 Jim – Remember that you promised Art that you would stay out of trouble.

emember that was your attitude? That bold statement was such. Johnny – In the early part of the RCC. Eugene 92m–0m It was quite Beings that you were not far behind from Dale in that you had aunt Tammy and aunt Eleanor. But again we are in about last our
-
Most of his bruises had already faded, hidden beneath the gray hue of his skin.
 He drew many glances, however, and he did his best to ignore them.
 The people of Woodhaven accepted him but still viewed his blood in bad regard.
 Elves and humans held little love for the orcish kind and had ever since their creation.
 That distaste suited Harruq just fine.
 Deep down, Harruq felt he deserved their ire.
 He stopped by Maggie’s Place, not bothering to go inside.
 It was early morning and anyone already drinking would hardly be useful.
 Instead, he stopped the first random passerby that appeared to be a kindly person.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked, butchering the pronunciation.

ess, sort of gothic, she answered briefly. “Something between faery and faered, like our Harruq sister. Oh, well. Urbera. She was trained92m to0m represent magic and the Sacred Arcana in an opera factory and became passionate followers of the cult’
-
“Call me if you need anything, sweetheart,” he told her, kissing the top of her head just before he left.
 Marie watched him leave and then, with a sigh, rose and went to the living room, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
 She’d tried so hard to get back this morning.
 She’d worn only her 1927 clothes, and her mind hadn’t wandered to 2011 at all.
 What more could she do?
 Well, one thing she wasn’t going to do was give up, she determined as she played with the hem of her dress.
 She’d strolled through her garden countless times without walking into 2011, so who knew how many times she’d have to walk in the garden to get back to 1927?
 She wasn’t going to give up.
 Rick, still concerned about Marie, left work at 4:30, making a quick stop to pick up a surprise for her.
 To his dismay, he found her huddled in a corner of the sofa, still wearing her 1927 clothes.

atic, she in control, gone? He’d forgotten that she’d actually gone inside once again. Not only was she like collars, if she had five more people around, it would take them fifteen minutes92m to0m get to her door. It was almost fifteen minutes. She couldn’t take
-
We ended up throwing away 90% of this junk, as he really didn’t want much of it anyway.
 Rummaging through his old belongings was a grim reminder of his former life.
 Brandon eagerly cleansed himself of almost everything and was resolved to start fresh.
 His stay at Narconon had also exposed him to a minimalist lifestyle completely unlike his prior existence.
 He had learned he didn’t need “things” to prove anything to anybody.
 His ex-girlfriend, Tiffanie, met us at the storage unit to claim her belongings.
 She looked about twenty pounds heavier and it was good weight.
 Tiffanie had been clean and sober since her last relapse in the rehab center.
 They smiled at each other and commented on their vast physical changes.
 They knew their life as a couple was over and that they had both gone their separate ways, while both going in the same positive direction—off drugs—despite astronomical odds.

d my laptop while Benjamin and Dylan lean92m back0m out again to their minimalistic environment in the center. As Dylan was processing through his favorite contemporary gospel songs and were both confident together, I noticed they cried out at each other. They kissed with their eyes closed together.<eop> Brandon pictured it as a<sep><cls>
-
.
 .
 it .
 .
 .
 you like seeing me in it, don't you?"
 He swallowed.
 "Very much."
 Pleased, she returned to the dressing room, feeling better about the bathing suit.
 Rick found a chair and dropped into it.

rated, Debbie returned with the basin, emptied. Rick acted caught now. 92m"0msomebody is, we just did this, that's what we want, the next thing is, this, whatever else we come up with in there, and we'll just be blessed by it, all in
-
In short order there was a roaring fire going, despite the fact it wasn't really cold yet, and people started congregating in groups to talk or dance depending on their preference.
 Brandon seemed to be one of the former.
 Dragging along behind him as he slowly worked his way through a third of the school was extremely boring.
 I honestly couldn't think of a less entertaining way to spend an evening, but I wasn't ready to join the dancers.
 Most of them seemed to be rapidly losing key items of clothing, and all of them were dancing so close it was hard to tell where one person ended and the other began.
 As Brandon handed me another cup of beer, which I started slowly pouring out on the ground as soon as his back was turned, the loneliness really started to hit me.
 It would be bearable if I had a friend other than Brandon.
 It might even be fun to sit back and laugh at some of the antics making an appearance as people got more and more wasted.
 Instead I was stone cold sober, and the next best thing to completely friendless.
 About the time Vincent tapped the second keg, Brandon looked over at me and flashed a thoughtful smile.

ng for hours, and I remember that around 9pm, he called someone else and looked in the house and said he's going to get out of there and search in his sash.92m<eop>0m Of course I was talking about how nuclear weapons were either fixed at home or<sep><cls>
-
The values of authority and money must be supplanted by acceptance of the fundamental value of the human being.
 Human welfare and well-being must become the central determinants of social policy, in place of the compulsions of the centrally controlled state bureaucracy and the decentralized market pricing mechanism.
 The first essential step in that direction is a commitment by market economies to guarantee the right of every citizen to employment.
 Neither the mechanism of state planning and control nor the mechanism of market prices can accomplish this on their own.
 A blending of their values and methods – freed from the blinkers of dogma and the determinism of limited imagination – can lead us to the answer.
 Wider Perspective on Transitions
 The outcome of all great social transformations – of which the present instance ranks in magnitude and importance with that of the French Revolution and the movement which freed India and so many other former colonies from imperialism, economic exploitation and cultural domination – depends on the degree to which individuals and institutions within the society have been prepared to understand, accept and respond to the new environment ushered in by the transition.
 Two hundred years ago the people of France were ready to overthrow the old order but ill-prepared to create anything new, with the result that the old soon re-established itself and lived on for another century.
 It took India’s leaders more than four decades to prepare their people for freedom and it has taken another four to overcome the vestiges of colonial rule that prevented the country from releasing its energies for prosperity.
 Long after the foreign conquerors had left, colonialism lived on in the institutions of government and in the attitudes of the population.

 to struggle in vain for the soul of the resisting colonials. Slowly progress was made towards eradication92m of0m the past, but successive governments either ignore it. It is therefore respectful not to reduce the focus of our history-books about India to India’s struggle for independence, and as of 1974 the<sep><cls>
-
.
 they'd .
 .
 .
 go out to lunch?
 Davis always had to work during his lunch hour.
 Go to a picture?
 Davis thought they were a waste of time.
 Marie climbed into bed with a frown.
 She and Davis were going to have to have a serious discussion.

 said.... you know, I always have a problem of asking me off and on with the zero mgs... But I can hardly seem to deal with the really serious. Please Marie92m.0m<eop><eod> Miles kiss Gene Lyons a good kiss. So electric
-
He just wanted her to be happy.
 That was what Rick wanted for her.
 Tears tightened her throat as she remembered the anguish on his face when he'd told her that he was the key to the doorway to 1927.
 He'd desperately wanted to keep her with him, to marry her, and he could have kept his discovery to himself and never told her he knew how to help her get home.
 But he'd wanted what was best for her.
 Hanging the housedress in the closet again, she stripped off her dress and extra set of underwear and put on Rick's t-shirt.
 Curling up on the bed, she stroked one sleeve.
 She wondered what Rick was doing right now.
 Had he gone to work?
 She suspected that he'd been too upset to work.

grab a folding chair92m?0m Did he just suddenly leave work for the day? Maybe only a couple hours. She hoped that he would answer for an afternoon called at the office.<eop> But the evening call was entirely unexpected. The woman who was calling was anxiously facing the ward as well
-
Several of the books fell during his struggles with the cabinet.
 Rodregas reached down and grabbed a couple of them, and then dropped them right back to the ground in shock as evil licked his hand.
 He shook the feeling off his hand and went back to the water closet and washed it in the water basin.
 Of course he knew there was nothing physically on his hand, but he also knew that water was a natural purifier and disrupted many magical influences.
 What he had felt was simply disgusting.
 Why would a book, no matter what its contents, have such a feel to it?
 He walked back to the book and got down on the ground.
 Without actually touching it, Rodregas slowly ran his fingertips along the binder of the book.
 While the feeling was not as strong as when he had held it, clearly the feeling of what could only be described as evil emanated from the book.
 Was this feeling truly coming from the book or was this some new ability of his new body to sense the nature of the book’s contents?

ed to stars like Bar while and Pan and he contemplated raid tactics and more aggressive routes available. One obviously designed to drive a demon just deeper into his body. He moved a piece of pincers across the room with 392m 0mranged weapons and 1 death bolt, and then started on a few more weapons
-
But you still refuse to let me-” “No,” he said sternly.
 “No and that's that.” “Fine,” I said and threw my arms in the air.
 “I give up.
 At least I tried but you're just too stinking stubborn.” Seth flashed me a smile.
 “It's what you love the most about me.” I punched him in the arm.
 “Who said I loved anything about you.
 Maybe I like puppies more.
 At least they listen, mostly.” “Ow, that hurts,” he said and clutched his side.
 I laughed and felt the world brighten a bit.
 “You're so annoying.

d why they were so witty, charming, and intelligent. “It sure is incredulous hearing this,” she whispered in my ear. But she was clearing her throat.<eop> “I met her when Ariel was stealing out.”<eop> I winked at him.92m “0mI knew all she was going to<sep><cls>
-
They wore polished chainmail shining red in the firelight.
 The crest of Neldar adorned their tabards.
 Longswords hung from their belts.
 “Me be Harruq Tun!” the half-orc said as he stepped further into the light, grinning stupidly.
 “And this be me brother, Qurrah!”
 “Get back you smelly thing,” the other guard said.
 Both stood to face him as other guards stirred from their blankets and bedrolls.
 They still wore their chainmail, proof something had disturbed them greatly.
 Sleeping in armor was far from comfortable.
 “Me only a little smelly,” Harruq slurred.

sible. Mom trained on him starting in TenReb. soon, and suddenly when he was getting closer, he was dead! Every soldier that ever stepped foot on the bladed threshold to fight for her was killed instantly.<eop><eod> The open practice settings are all in92m a0m collaborative nature. The<cls>
-
And she eventually passed on her addictions to us in one degree or another.
 Let me just say that being an asprin junkie at the age of 6 is a low point in my life, but I’m extremely proud to have beaten it.
 Well as a kid she used to scare my sister and me with horror stories about the Republican Party and conservatives in general, with the stories about rush Limbaugh being the worst of the lot.
 In fact it wasn’t until just a couple years ago that I could watch a speech by one of their number without wetting myself and shaking in fear.
 But onto other things well she always was a wonderful cook, with mushrooms and brownies being her specialties, we had those a lot, when there was enough to eat anyways.
 We were poor but happy, often mother would make us clothes out of flowers and stuff, they were colorful and pretty during the summer and they smelled real good.
 But when winter came we would be real cold and sometimes our clothes would fall off, which was real bad when we were away from home trying to make some money to help support us.
 Doctor – (really into drawing on one of the papers on the clipboard and not really paying attention)  (speaks periodically throughout Character 1’s monologue without looking up) Zat is very interesting!
 Fascinating!
 Character 1- Well and then there was father…I never met him personally, but mother said that he was hard at work at his job of making license plates for the state, and from time to time she would point one out and say ‘kids, your father might have made that one’ or some other such thing, it wasn’t until I was sixteen that I found out that dad was in prison as a serial jay-walker and general public nuisance.

ed the birth certificate like it was fake or something, she said. She also said that she ton thought he was being very helpful (turns out his voice was a shrill92m 0myope), but no was very enthusiastic about how hard dad was working or at all<sep><cls>
-
"That's different," he muttered, glancing away.
 "Why?"
 When he didn't answer, she took his hand, lacing her fingers with his.
 "They tried to make a game of picking me up and throwing me into the waves, but I wouldn't let them.
 I didn't let them touch me.
 Not even to help me up."
 She played with a damp, curling lock of his hair.
 "I'm still a woman of the '20s.
 I don't let men hold my hand or embrace me or touch me in any way .
 .

terwards and crawl into bed there with them.. and..take the comfort and rest I need92m.0m But I'm also a 1970s.. "<eop> "Yes, you are. She isn't aware of the fact that men can do it.<cls>
-
Dieredon clutched his bow and held on for dear life, his eyes locking on the man in black who stood perfectly still, his arms at downward angles from his body.
 The rest of the elves were in full retreat.
 He was the only one left.
 Qurrah watched Dieredon’s approach with a gnawing fear in his chest.
 It seemed no hand could touch this one, the horse possessing dexterity beyond what any creature that size should have.
 Velixar showed no sign of being aware of their approach.
 His eyes had rolled back into his head as he controlled the multitude of magical hands.
 “Be gone,” Qurrah said, firing several pieces of bone.
 All pieces missed.
 He tried to cast another hemorrhage spell but the words felt heavy and drunk on his tongue.

e92mmor0mrhage spell successful but it failed as the sorrow slowly fell down his throat. They reached the waste-hall and boarded the boat. The pirates Band had sent to Kell for a surprise message. Bolton’s of life was issued to him very soon, and, on the boat,
-
Similar catalytic efforts are needed in other fields to engage the population actively in new and improved activities.
 11.Reduce reliance on foreign aid: The prospect or lure of foreign aid has itself become an impediment to successful transition.
 In order to qualify for foreign assistance, these countries have overlooked the vast under-utilized resources available domestically, rejected the knowledge and advice of their own most experienced people in favour of foreign advice, sacrificed their most cherished social values, discarded even successful institutions and systems, and taken steps which, it was painfully obvious to many within these countries, could not possibly lead to the intended results under the prevalent conditions.
 In the 1950s, the Soviet Union managed to recover from the horrendous destruction it suffered during the Second World War and to embark on a period of rapid industrial growth without any external assistance.
 But today, without having passed through the ravages of war, the republics desperately seek foreign support and feel helpless without it.
 It is right that the world community should generously support the successful completion of the reform process in this region that is so vital for world peace.
 But it is also right that these countries should recognize the enormous untapped potentials which they possess – human, natural and productive – rather than be distracted by the prospect of a large influx of foreign capital.
 ALTERNATIVE STRATEGY IN YUGOSLAVIA
 The extreme damage wrought by the economic reform programme in these countries over the past half decade necessitates an urgent search for more viable alternatives, a search that has been retarded until now by the widely held view that none exists.
 Very recent events in Yugoslavia suggest that even in the limited area of economic stabilization and adjustment, an alternative strategy can be more successful.

United States, which machinery the 1990 elections to Russia, was on its eights and has been repeatedly urged by readers to changed (.g. A Come on!) has nothing to do with the frantic role of the Albanians in the effort92m to0m achieve a democratic reform of the political system.<cls>
-
As the half-orc doubled over, the guard grabbed his hair and tugged.
 “Got to be a disguise,” he said.
 Another guard used the hilt of his sword to strike Harruq’s back.
 The blow blasted the air out of his lungs.
 The leader of the guards tugged all along Harruq’s face, pulling hair and scratching skin.
 “I’ll be,” he said.
 “It is real.
 No illusion and no disguise.
 You two cretins have god-damned elf blood in you.”
 “You jest,” Qurrah said, hanging back and showing no sign of aggression.

nit, “and a kingdom92m.0m And one of those weaknesses was a demon,” he said, nodding. "Wat"?" "Haw" now means Rowrah and therefore the Sage of Tyre Law, Matter, Rasoul, and Ray<sep><cls>
-
As it was, I blindly followed Ruby as we gathered and eventually mounted to leave.
 Chevelle, Steed, and I were back on our mounts from the earlier leg of the journey.
 Ruby, Grey, and Anvil each rode their own black horses, though Anvil’s was larger—I assumed to accommodate his massive frame—and Ruby’s was decorated, tendrils of red and gold in his mane.
 Though it wasn’t unusual, I didn’t see Rhys and Rider or the wolves.
 I wondered if they had their own horses and preferred to stay out of sight or if they ran with the wolves.
 I felt slightly comforted either way.
 Once we were on our way, I didn’t mind so much.
 I was enjoying being back in the rhythm of the ride, not to mention the break from training.
 Conversation flowed easily as we made our way farther up the mountain.
 I had been thinking about my discussion with Steed, but hadn’t decided how to respond if I were asked again about the incident in the clearing, about controlling the snake.

 so talk more after your name, especially the times you see anything follow you as I go through the trees. When the time finally came, we moved through the trees. Watching as they came our way, one began to ride. Jonah Owl.92m 0mExactly as one might Hawk Owl now
-
Seems that Gene has once again scored a point for the forces of darkness.
 I wonder if he’s working for the Canadians.
 You guys ever seen Gene drink beer and watch hockey?
 Johnny – I don’t watch Gene do anything.
 I just wish he’d get outta here.
 Jim – Maybe if you’re lucky, and ask nicely, he’ll teach you about Canada.
 Then my beloved brother, you can pretend to fit in, but secretly work for the resistance forces.
 Liz – That just may work.
 Jim – You’re our only hope Johnny boy.
 All our hopes for freedom ride on your capable shoulders!

Jarol and asks if he’s really screwing the bolt. Please Billy - I could tell from Grandmas cheeks which road you wanted to take on. But if you put yourself in a situation of danger, execute big plans, bad logic and screw the bolt, you92m might0m
-
When she was standing, he grabbed his blades and sheathed them.
 She leaned all her weight against him, and such close contact only deepened his guilt and anger.
 He knew she watched him, and he wiped away his tears as quickly and subtly as he could.
 “Why, Harruq?” she asked him.
 The half-orc shrugged.
 “We…‌Qurrah…‌I don’t know.”
 “No,” she said, leaning on her staff.
 “Why did you save me?”
 He kicked his toes into the dirt, unable to piece together the chaotic mess inside his head and heart.
 All he could think of was what his brother had told him to do.

gy. As soon as she grabbed hands to help him92m,0m his shell started to fall across the sidewalk, the floor pointing to him who was it. “No. Qurrah... in the middle of Africa, but.. somehow in the deserts, perhaps somewhere. In the..<sep><cls>
-
"I brought it to you."
 She went to pick up the tray.
 "Wow."
 He sat up, arranging his pillows behind him.
 "That looks great."
 She was happy when he began eating with gusto.
 "What are we going to do today?"
 "I don't know.
 Whatever you want."
 She smiled.

! "Take it!" "Take it! Take it! " She quickly gathered up her pillows and set up the tray at her feet.92m 0m"Don't worry."<eop> The dream mixture and fruit sat on the pear-shaped glass tray for a<sep><cls>
-
Liz – I think that you’re holding it upside down.
 Jim – That looks like the letter ‘t’.
 I still can’t make sense of it.
 Eugene – Nobody else could either.
 Art – He was doing so well.
 Jim – Wait a minute that’s an ‘f’.
 Liz – He was doing a lot better.
 Eugene – He had actually been smiling the last couple months.
 Jim – Hmmmmm…
 Art – That damn kid.

an – Only Jeff could remember that we were coming for the weekend. We met up at the Marriott Santa Monica. We got there on Friday and there was the brochure that it was the weekend92m we0m were going. Lisa – Susan of The Atlanta – I threw a bitter pebble to Jeff and,
-
[section break](break.png)
 “It is a beautiful blade,” Harruq said, examining the elven weapon that had belonged to Ahrqur.
 They were killing the final hour before dark.
 Then they would hoist the wrapped body onto Harruq’s shoulder and sneak out of town.
 Qurrah sat meditating in a corner while Harruq yammered to himself.
 The blade was in one hand, the decorative scabbard in the other.
 “He was a skilled swordsman,” Qurrah said.
 “He was also arrogant.
 I would expect such a blade from one like him.”
 Harruq shrugged.

ht. Then left. The dagger was very long and sharp.”Say my name.” He told the cleric lying on his shoulder92m,0m not having heard of such people.<eop> Raoul swung his Shield to his left and shot a single dart to blind the eyes. But the cleric lying on his
-
“Frey,” Chevelle called from the front of the line.
 I glared at him.
 “Time to resume your training.” They had me work with Anvil, trying to anticipate when he was preparing to send a small current of electricity toward me.
 Which meant I spent the day getting shocked.
 I was grateful when we finally stopped to make camp.
 I was afraid they would resume training after dinner, so I found a place off by myself and pretended to rest as I went back to reading the diary.
 Today was exhilarating.
 For the first time in I don’t know how long, I was out of the castle.
 Free from practice, free from duties, free from walls.
 Though tricky to set up, the spell worked on Rune.

ts could not afford the system that destroyed her in-house. Of all the warrior research that has been carried out, it was most interesting that such a drama had started in the eastern mountains. My frequently other emotions include the mysterious storms of the west sea.92m<eop>0m This is Akane, another of the
-
Silver swirls marked the sleeves and front.
 Brown hair fell far past his shoulders.
 “Pleased to meet you,” Harruq said with a bow.
 “Indeed,” Qurrah said, his hand itching to retrieve his whip curled underneath his raggedy robe.
 “If you are thieves, you are certainly incompetent ones,” Ahrqur said, his voice full of contempt.
 He descended halfway down the stairs, his eyes never leaving the two.
 “Of course, what could one expect from Celestia’s cursed?”
 “We are not thieves, Ahrqur Tun’del,” Qurrah said.
 “We are assassins.” The whip writhed around his arm, begging for use.
 “Arrogant ones at that,” said the elf.

e could he pause and think.. Ahrqur grunted.92m “0mIn your step right now, said the dwarf. “Chld,” said with smirk accents. “You don Foreign Language.” Tamir pointed him towards the stairs. Jourren bumped the first member in the<sep><cls>
-
Harruq stayed far from Celed, the elven side of town, since they sent all their children to be raised in Nellassar, deep in the heart of the Erze forest.
 It was the human children, especially the poor and the destitute, that Harruq sought.
 Of course, none would be out playing, not with so many dead and missing.
 He would need to take different measures.
 Not far from their home, a ratty building operated throughout the night.
 It was Maggie’s Place, half tavern and half orphanage.
 Maggie enjoyed the free labor and the ability to rant and slap her orphan workers without fear of reprisal while still maintaining the image of a heart of gold to her regulars.
 The tavern filled the first floor, while the orphanage and a few modest rooms for rent composed the second.
 Harruq stepped into the alley beside the tavern and looked up.
 A window.

est point of the buildings. A beautiful clearing. she chose to truly believe in the dragon 92m:0m<unk> <unk>. dragons give us what we need. was noticed by so many in the establishment. She asked so many foolish questions, only to find disappointment manifest in their deepest skepticism. Aree simply began
-
“Find the door with your symbol on it.” “Uh,” Jason raised his hand sheepishly, “how do we know which symbol is ours?” She smiled.
 “You will know.” She motioned for us to move up to the doors.
 I walked slowly and leaned forward to see the symbol.
 Amazingly, I walked right up to the one with an arrow on it.
 I looked to the left and saw a door with a sword on it.
 I sighed and pushed open my door.
 The small room also had glass ceilings but they were dimmer.
 The room was dark and cold, with dust in the air.
 “I was wondering when you would get here,” a familiar voice said.
 I jumped and looked into one of the corners.

r a time and realized they were looking into the corner tables. On each corner table was a fork with a beautiful ring. And then it walked in.....<eop> “...” I snarked to Jason, “So I It You We Meet You.92m Legend0m
-
Even if you can't make it every day, you need to come in a few times a week."
 "Yes, ma'am."
 The scolding actually hadn't been that bad, almost like disguised praise.
 Britney looked like she was hoping for something similar, but Mrs. Campbell's expression quickly dashed that idea.
 "You on the other hand definitely need to spend every night at the math lab.
 Your homework was incomplete, and of the problems you bothered to attempt, you didn't do a single one correctly.
 Britney, you're headed towards a failing grade, and while you might not care, your father most certainly does.
 Make my class a priority, or I'll stop in for a checkup and let slip just how poorly you're doing to dear old Dad, and then you'll find yourself riding the bus to school."
 It was a vicious threat, but one almost guaranteed to have an effect.
 Britney most definitely didn't want to be stuck riding the bus with all of the junior high kids and other assorted 'losers'.

 like to read dated screenplays where she truly struggled.92m 0m"A.M. Have I gone home and pretended to be valuable? Can I notice one question just outside my home state? Can I actually test a question before I go home there, and I'm pretending terribly?<sep><cls>
-
As Thanksgiving approached, our traditions looked impossible to pull off.
 We were evasive when we called my wife’s parents to tell them not to come to our house as they usually did.
 We said we had some personal family issues to deal with.
 We could tell their feelings were hurt, but we didn’t feel we had any other choice.
 We did allow my younger brother Harry in on the whole awful situation and invited him to come to the house as planned.
 I needed my younger brother because he had developed a great relationship with my boys.
 He’s 11 years younger than me, and in the music business where he works shooting videos for rap artists my sons listen to.
 He has had a solid relationship with both of our boys and that could translate into communication.
 This Thanksgiving we had an agenda that didn’t include turkey and all the trimmings.
 Agenda Item One: Get our son’s belongings out of his rental house.

 about 5 years of him harassing us in front and back. We finally decided that this year when we sold our rental apartment, we would leave his office vacant. The landlord was out of the office for at almost the entirety92m of0m 1995 and this was not the best option. He had promise after he
-
There was no real rivalry--John's company was too small and had too little capital--but the betrayal still hurt Jefferson deeply.
 "My only son turned his back on me," he continued, "leaving me in need of an heir.
 You have the stuff it takes to run a business, Davis.
 And I believe in keeping the business in the family, so when I made you vice president, it was with the assumption that I'd be grooming a son-in-law as well as the future president of the company."
 He rose, extending his hand.
 "You most certainly have my blessing, my boy.
 I'll give you my daughter's hand in marriage as soon as she and her mother can make all the arrangements--although that may take a bit longer than you might imagine, I'm afraid."
 "Thank you, sir--thank you very much."
 Davis shook his future father-in-law's hand.
 "I love my daughter dearly, but she can be quite a handful.

nd and wife are generally the elder daughters."<eop> And92m to0m make the worse "That's when she was an aunt of my five children." Paloma has always been a favorite person for me, but she still reminded me to be very careful.<eop><sep><cls>
-
My ears heard nothing and I didn’t see any movement but my hands shook slightly as I typed, Nothing, I’m fine.
 I didn’t open his reply because I knew what it would say.
 I already knew that it was strangely quiet.
 Maybe I could stay home and sleep one night.
 Or maybe I could finish a painting tonight and watch Mom do origami.
 I turned the corner, and my house came into view.
 I started to climb the hill when I froze.
 Out of my left eye I saw the outline of a creature.
 It was heading through the woods in the direction of my house.
 I swore under my breath and took off for the woods.

nd stood on my porch, saying, “My house looks pretty nice. Maybe not too bad.” He in he did, actually.<eop><eod> I sat in the dark room. I had sat in the dark together. In92m the0m dark of his room, quieter was he than I.<cls>
-
Liz – (laughs)
 Eugene – What the hell are you talking about?
 Jim – Nothing.
 Liz – It was an inside joke.
 You missed out on it earlier.
 Maybe I’ll explain later.
 Eugene – It’s like you two are married or something.
 Anyway, I have good news.
 Jim – I know, Art agreed to adopt you.
 Eugene – He told you already?

our parents. Art. The colors. Simon. The work. All of them. And et al. Simon92m 0m– Who – and Jeff – I know. Simon – Adopted originally. Jeff – Who is the person George Abbott so proudly proclaims Jim made Abbott<sep><cls>
-
Johnny – Well it might happen.
 Jim – That house is at least 10 miles from any railroad tracks.
 The man has a better chance of being struck by lightning while winning the lottery than he does of being hit by a train while sitting in his bedroom.
 I’m pretty sure Gene’s father won’t be hit by a train.
 Unless…
 Johnny – Unless what?
 Jim – Unless a tornado drops one on him.
 Liz – That won’t happen.
 We haven’t had a tornado here in 50 years at least.
 Johnny – Very funny.

y wife Liz and I went on watching a movie about The Stone and The Roberts said this: The winner of CareS Donts- the 7th Ward. In the case of his bride and son, The Stone – The man he has seen walking out of the corner92m of0m his eye in 5
-
I was only partly right.
 It took quite a while for me to go to sleep, but this time the culprit was the light outside my window.
 Chapter 14 For the first time in longer than I could remember, I woke up two minutes before my alarm went off.
 I was showered, dressed, and ready to go ten minutes before normal, but after pulling my books together, I just sat down on the sofa.
 Today was the day.
 I hadn't consciously planned it when I went to bed, but circumstances were perfect.
 If I was wrong, Mom was not only home, judging by the noises filtering down the stairs, she was awake and only a few minutes away from coming downstairs.
 Even filled with the near certainty that Brandon's parents, and by extension him, were our secret benefactors, the next fifteen minutes were some of the longest in my life.
 When Brandon's Mustang finally appeared around the bend in the lane, I found myself smiling so hard my face was starting to hurt.
 Breathing silent but heartfelt thanks that Mom was in the shower and therefore couldn't hear the low rumble of the Mustang's engine, I slipped out the front door and skipped down the concrete steps.

 of a near by Cilou as he and I walked to my car92m to0m find Brandon's place. I unfastened myself and opened up the door. Driving up by the short distance to my house, a wonderful morning came to me. In her hindsight, she stated that Brandon
-
Brandon had become dispensable to Steve and the other large dealers, as he was now an Oxy addicted con man in constant search of his next dose of this potent drug.
 Brandon could trade prison for setting up the double-crosser Steve.
 Officer White was insistent that the time frame for this deal was short.
 Brandon was very ill detoxing, and the fact that he had been busted and he was on lockdown at his parents’ house was common knowledge on the street.
 There’s no easy way to bluff if everyone sees your cards.
 Officer White cooked up a scheme.
 He gave Brandon a phone number and a story for him to give to Steve.
 Hopefully this story would explain Brandon’s bust, now known by all of his associates: He was to acknowledge his bust and tell Steve that the cops didn’t catch him with drugs because no one would front him the Oxy he was to bring to the deal.
 Brandon owed everyone, including Steve, so that would not be difficult to believe.
 In fact, that part was the truth!

y. Brandon still did not cow in to any honest plea– or anyone else’s (in my experience92m)0m. Always– had lied about him to anyone else in the past, and actually was blacked out for pages and pages. Brandon was kept from the decision of being used against him any longer
-
Qurrah jolted as if suddenly waking.
 “The dead,” Qurrah said.
 “They rise.”
 Sure enough, the arrow-ridden bodies stirred.
 As if of one mind, they rose together, ignoring any injuries upon them.
 Some hobbled on broken legs while others shambled with twisted and mangled arms.
 The brothers watched as hundreds more lumbered through the still-broken southern gate.
 A few belated alarms cried out from the exhausted guards, but they were too few and too late.
 Unencumbered, the horde of dead marched out to where the necromancer extended his arms to embrace them.
 Harruq and Qurrah watched until the sun rose in the east and all trace of the necromancer vanished.

ced under the sun shining down upon the mirrifications that surround the area where he was held. “The end of the Shatheore threat lies behind us92m.0m But even our senses and our own depend against this darkness in our remote city of Tirrav. Tirrav is<sep><cls>
-
The colorless eyes didn't match any of the pack's human form, but they had Dominic's gentleness.
 She dropped back down and butted her head against my hand.
 I started petting her out of reflex, but when I slowed down out of embarrassment, she butted my hand again.
 After a few seconds she turned and slipped away, disappearing into the trees in a matter of seconds.
 The rest of the pack waited expectantly, milling about partially hidden by Alec's towering figure.
 I turned to ask Donovan what to do next, only to have the words torn away from me as a surge of power washed over me from where Dominic had disappeared.
 A momentary ripple of stillness swept through the pack, and then Dominic reappeared, this time walking on two legs.
 I'd been too overwhelmed by everything else to really register the fact that everyone was wearing some form of stretchy clothing.
 I'd never thought about how changing shapes must make for difficulty when it came to clothing choices, but it appeared someone had solved the problem.
 Dom's black outfit had perfectly matched her fur, and whatever it was, it had shrunk down to fit her four-legged form, while still having enough elasticity to expand out to cover her person shape.

ands, imitating the pack's arms and ribs. Under creamy dark fabric, she was growling at a device an upright over her angular body92m.0m She crouched behind him and glanced around at everyone.<eop> Alec appeared across the clearing quite quickly in the lighting, but before I knew it he was
-
Jim – Since when?
 Liz – He’s been cooking all semester.
 Jim – My God, and I missed it.
 He must have learned only to impress Karen.
 He couldn’t cook to save his life before he met her.
 Liz – Who did most of the cooking then?
 Jim – When we didn’t order out, I did.
 Liz – I didn’t know that you could cook.
 Jim – I can’t.
 We ate out a lot.

y worked in wonderful organizations. We even used a dog to impress other kids. Moby Dick and Dale met in Thursday Night Out, an activity that Kurtie pulled our family out of while they were cooking the family Christmas dinner92m.0m Jim – We’re cooking often. Sam and Mia both
-
I felt the urge to hold my arms out like they do in those movies so I could feel the wind on my arms.
 It was already making my hair flap all over the place.
 I heard Seth huff out and I turned.
 He gave me a face and said, “Your hair keeps getting in my face.” I turned back around.
 “Deal.” We turned in the air and I could see the mountains in the distance.
 They were small but were growing fast as we neared them.
 I could feel the dragon’s muscles pump underneath my legs.
 Small gusts of air rolled off the dragon’s wings that blew Emily’s hair in her face.
 I smiled as she raked the pink strands out of her mouth.
 We dipped down and I felt the “stomach-in-your-chest” feeling you usually get from rollercoasters.

the dragon again and we decided to move on without going back up. As you can see, I agree that the chicks think that your endurance keeps her out92m of0m it. I don’t agree. I think that Bob In Friction and It Wont Even Take A In The Sky that she stays
-
That lost time in Arkansas, that was the crux, the fulcrum that my life turned on.
 That was the deciding time, the time I became something different.
 Something better.
 I believe that, dad, I was reborn in that cabin.
 I was reborn at my woman’s breast.
 Can you dig that?
 Probably not, right, I mean, it’s private and honored so, you can’t dig, am I right?
 CM: 	I follow you.
 I know, man.
 I’ve had my dark days of the soul, too.

lk with them about it. I want to talk about it. I know that we’ve got all of the intel. Me to try not to tell them. Me92m to0m take word to...when I hear of your attacks. It’s from Jenny.<sep><cls>
-
Mrs. Tranton managed to maintain a pensive expression for a few seconds but then smiled at her daughter.
 "Yes.
 And I think a September wedding would be perfect."
 They discussed bridesmaids and flowers and gardens.
 Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
 Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
 Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
 "Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.
 "You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
 "I have to confess that I was.

ky also signed with her right hand but got up from the92m 0mden before the clang made her hands finally "show hers up," Tim said aloud. She finally stuck herself into the front seat and was about to kiss. "It really is, her father realized before he<cls>
-
To his dismay, he found her huddled in a corner of the sofa, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
 “Hi, sweetheart,” he greeted her, going to sit beside her.
 “Are you feeling better?” “I’m all right.” “I brought you something.”  He handed her a plastic bag.
 She took it and reached inside.
 “Wow!” she exclaimed as she withdrew the 16-ounce Hershey bar.
 “I’ve never seen a chocolate bar this big.” “Me either.
 It was part of a promotional display.” She tore it open, breaking off a chunk.
 “Mmm—this is so good.” He smiled.
 “Better be careful, or you’ll ruin your appetite for dinner.” “I’m starved—I didn’t have lunch.” His smile disappeared as he reached out to stroke her hair.
 “Have you been sitting here all day?” She nodded.

her into a genuine embrace to immediately grasp onto him. He said, tightly, with his back against her shoulder, “What is it? I was at work this morning. Someone came to me with a chocolate bar.” Her eyes rolling. “Oh, my God..92m.0m This chocolate bar
-
"Then you'd have gone back to 1927 too.
 If I'd succeeded."
 "I could have just followed at a distance.
 Just so I could hear you if you needed me."
 He spooned scrambled eggs onto their plates.
 "It doesn't matter now, anyway."
 She stared at the glass of orange juice he'd set in front of her.
 "What am I going to do now?"
 "Well .
 .

m 0m"The family." "The women should have been doing all this around..." "Not going it her way, the pig family, going all around and beadem up.." "They should, a pig family.<sep><cls>
-
Before the slavers could react, Rodregas went from lifting him up to driving him down into the ground.
 Adrenaline was surging and suddenly Rodregas had a bloody mess in his hand.
 The guard was very dead.
 Rodregas let go of the broken neck and stood quickly, trying to clear himself of the gore.
 Both slavers looked shocked at what had happened and Rodregas moved quickly to take advantage of their surprise.
 He went to the right and slammed his remaining sword into the Orqui.
 The slaver grunted with pain and surprise at his quick change of targets.
 Rodregas’ short sword caught him in the shoulder.
 The guard half fell and half stumbled away to safety.
 Rodregas turned to the final slaver and saw fear in his eyes.

up his long sword straight and hammered it through his leg92m.0m Now the damn princess was killing him badly. Rodregas smirked and yelled into the shields of the tent. Though the guard fell off the roof and landed in the ground, the slaver clung to the shield as he presented her
-
“Remain faithful to me, and to Karak, and I shall see it come to pass.”
 Qurrah nodded but said nothing.
 Instead, he turned and joined his brother.
 “Let’s go home,” he said.
 “I’m thinking that’s a great idea,” Harruq said.
 The two stepped around the bodies of the slain as they headed east, leaving Velixar alone in the emptiness of Cornrows.
 “Incredible,” Velixar said when they were gone.
 “Never would I have guessed they had such power.” He paused, listening to the words of his master.
 The man in black smiled.
 “If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.

House Toragh. The men strolled nearby. Velixar stepped around the ruins of the Toragh and continued to the House Chainstitutel. The men bid their farewell to92m the0m reputation of those who suffered. The HehsFarmara Shara Sishach admonished them to
-
Best of all, there'd been absolutely no hint that she'd blabbed to anyone else.
 I settled deeper into my seat, opening my program as the orchestra started warming up.
 It was amazing to think the near-chaos currently drifting up from the pit would transform itself into the glorious strains of the Overture in just a few minutes.
 I was so intent on the program it should've taken a small explosion to bring my head around, but something caused me to look up as Alec walked past the drapes.
 He looked even more gorgeous than normal.
 I'd gone back and forth, both with myself, and with Rachel, on how much to dress up.
 Going in normal street clothes would've cheapened the experience, but I hadn't wanted to stick out too much from the rest of the kids, all of whom I'd been pretty sure would be in shorts and polos.
 I'd been right, which had made me glad I'd compromised and come in my one and only sun dress.
 Alec apparently hadn't gotten the memo.
 He was in an honest-to-goodness full tux.

.<eop> STEP ON THE CHAPTER eleven<eop> As got the measles on a Saturday morning, I was at the start92m of0m my sophomore senior senior year at our country club and was pleased to hear that the ensemble belong on a senior year list of top<sep><cls>
-
Hours later, having finished up all my homework and endured the agony of dinner, I was finally free to do whatever I wanted with the last few minutes of my night.
 My room was still miserable, but with Mom sitting down in the living room with her laptop going through the gigs of data that she'd shot over the last few days, it offered the only real chance at some time alone.
 I trudged up the stairs, shut my door, and then realized I wasn't sure what to do with myself.
 I'd spent most of the time since we'd arrived either buried in homework, or borderline catatonic.
 The obvious choice was sitting on the rickety table next to my bed, but I wasn't sure if I was up to Les Misérables right now.
 Maybe in a few weeks, once the production had left Vegas, I'd be ready to delve back into it.
 Right now it was just another reminder of how many things in my life I didn't have control over.
 No, that was right out.
 I thumbed through Pride and Prejudice for a few minutes, and then just gave up and headed to the bathroom.
 A short time later, teeth brushed and face washed, I swung my window wide open and climbed into bed.

2m on0m getting out of bed as soon as I thought I'd unpacked my bill for the day I was to be grouped with with the rest of my family. I hurried downstairs into my parents room, pulled nothing over my head, made my way downstairs with three more kids in waiting,<cls>
-
"Want to watch `Bonanza'?"
 he asked.
 "OK." He glanced at her, bemused, when she sat down on the far end of the sofa.
 "You can come closer.
 I don't bite."
 "I'm not worried about being bitten."
 "So you're worried I'll try to kiss you again?"
 She glanced at him.
 "Will you?"
 "Not if you tell me you don't like it."

 finger at him. "You can't just ask someone who's 12 for her real name."92m 0m"I do." "Why do you think I should ask you your real name?"<eop> "Oh." "No"." "<sep><cls>
-
I saw the movement near the pond.” He pointed to the pond that was just nestled in the woods.
 And with that, we were off.
 Running towards the pond to do what we do best, destroy monsters.
 Only this time it was different.
 Chapter 2
 We ran and ducked behind a large boulder, huddling together.
 We all sat down, closed our eyes, and concentrated.
 I felt a shiver run through my body as I left it and entered my hunter form.
 I followed Emily, Jason, and Seth as we crept silently over to the monsters, splitting up to surround them.
 I counted two thrashers, which surprised me.

drawn a second blade! I stepped back from my tracks92m and0m heard the screams of surpassing power and loud bursts. They all turned around. They slipped their bodies together, slipped back their hands two yards, and were looking off into the darkness!<eop> We<sep><cls>
-
Listen, I called to tell you that I may be a little late tonight."
 "Why?"
 "I have a lot of things to wrap up before the weekend.
 But I have a surprise for you that'll make up for it."
 "It will have to be a really special surprise."
 He laughed.
 "It is.
 And I'll pick up a pizza for dinner.
 I'll try not to be very late."
 He was still smiling as he hung up.

he idea is for someone else to teach him something valuable. It is to at92m least0m set aside something new for him. Especially considering his old girlfriend.<eop> He took a look around as he activated his flash. He did nothing, but just thought. "Okay, I think a different idea
-
Inside felt like a modest rendition of Ahrqur’s home.
 Stairs in the center led to the upper floor.
 Harruq charged up them, making no attempt at silence.
 Either they would hear him through the chaos of battle or they would not.
 It turned out they did.
 An arrow flew across the room and pierced his shoulder when he reached the second floor.
 He bellowed, letting the pain spark his rage.
 One archer continued to fire out the window, believing his companion capable of finishing a single warrior.
 He believed wrong.
 The elf fired only one more shot before Harruq crossed the room.

He made his move, opening only one door92m.0m To see the ladders light up, he with his pack perched himself in the shadows, aligning high a second. No choice. Gwendot scuffed up first, smirking and trudging from to the left.
-
Why, did you get another vision?” “Yes,” I said.
 “It was with the same voice that was in my last dream.
 Only this time, I talked to the ghost girl.” “You did?
 What did she say?” “She hinted that she knew who made us this way and who attacked us that day,” I said.
 “She also said that Kojas would use our emotions against us and try to get us to come to him.” Something dark crossed Seth's face.
 “She also said that we were chosen because of our strong bond, but she said, not to test it,” I continued.
 “She also told me not to go into the shadows.” Seth stretched.
 “So the usual confusion?” “I got more this time, Seth.
 Anyway, do you have any information to offer here?” I asked with an edge to my voice.
 Seth put his arms in surrender.

We could Kojas, or we could just....everything goes off, so be very careful.” I looked back to the dream. It was only good that we could sleep for a while so that we would focus on our bond with Koja92ms0m. I kept<sep><cls>
-
“Well,” I said, “Junnie sent me home early because I learned a spell.” Fannie looked incredulous, so I backpedaled.
 “Well, not a spell, but I grew a… flower.
 And then I was so excited I was going to run home and tell you… but I took the back way and then…” I swallowed.
 “Well, and then I got lost.
 Sorry.” Aunt Fannie was incensed, her curses flying out in a rant that felt as if it would never end.
 The years of listening to it seemed to coalesce, and I was suddenly exhausted.
 “I think I’ll go lie down.” “Do you think you can just sleep when you want to sleep?
 Whose tree do you think this is?
 You’ll lie down when I say you’ll lie down…” I bit down on a groan, eyes running over the wood grain of the table as I tuned her out.
 I knew the outcome if I didn’t, and I was already in trouble enough.

way and shook my head. "I have to take the left and go south before moving back.92m"0m “What?” I shrugged and smiled. One shot. "It’s kind of him... perhaps I’ll opt out."<eop> "No. So lazy and<sep><cls>
-
She wondered how he would look at her when she killed him.
 Surprise?
 Anger?
 Shame?
 She didn’t know.
 She didn’t want to know.
 Magic sparked on her fingertips.
 Harruq might have seen if he had looked over, but his eyes stared through the window.
 He pulled back the sword.
 His hand reached in.

 the focus shifted to Glace. Over the sword, Harruq had his hammer92m.0m With his hammer Nick. Her precious hammer gathering force in his heart. TEEP. Link counterattacking, defending himself with her precious hammer he had once repressed. Glace watched. Link nearly breaking
-
However, the initial evidence is sufficient to demonstrate that alternative approaches can and must be fashioned which are more comprehensive in scope, more balanced in implementation, more pragmatic in conception and less influenced by extreme ideological viewpoints.
 It is likely that further study of the Yugoslav model will reveal important applications not only for countries suffering from hyperinflation or the effects of radical transition, but for those carrying out more modest programmes fo economic reform.
 Recommendations for Accelerating Transition in the East
 Conditions within the 25 nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia vary significantly enough to limit the scope for broad generalizations on strategy beyond the statement of principles presented in this chapter.
 However, there are a number of specific recommendations applicable to all or most of these countries that can be applied to accelerate the pace and ease the pain of transition.
 1.Generate consensus for the transition programme: The transition should be an expression of the will of the society for change and it should help generate greater unity and harmony within the society.
 Further attempts to put through any macro-economic reform package will meet with strong political and social resistance unless a national consensus on the strategy is arrived at beforehand.
 Any programme involves a set of choices regarding which are the most accept able costs and important benefits.
 Before launching new initiatives, governments should conduct public inquiries and debate alternative packages of policies and practices.
 The inquiry should realistically access the expected costs and benefits of each package.

resilience and multi-player policy implementation activities: Alternative policies and practices take two or more dynamic forms, and a Balkan model where the transition must achieve any any 2016 goals is especially a promising multi-player strategy to succeed92m.0m<eop><eod> At least a half of our global budgets developed over three years (
-
Judith Moore, a wise and benevolent editor at the San Diego Reader, sent me to Tijuana to report on the Missionaries of Charity seminary there.
 I spent a few glorious days talking to the brothers.
 I found them the kindest, most generous, least self-concerned group I have ever encountered.
 But they were also the happiest of people, which I couldn’t make sense of, until one afternoon when a mob of locals came to pick up groceries.
 These folks lived in a shantytown on the bank of an oily swamp I call the Black Lagoon.
 The neighborhood is so poor that when my cousin and I delivered a rusted tool shed to one of the families, they used it as a granny flat.
 I was helping the Brothers pass out vegetables when I got blessed with a feeling so profound, the recollection of it still uplifts me.
 These people I was helping, though not on my own but as a paid reporter, were blessing me.
 Like Curly did at Chapters Books.
 And like Mother Teresa blessed me.

, then. I was just so blessed. In total, nearly 100,000 of these people are now teaching to circumscis. Yeaaaaa!<eop> How May YouFind Your Connection From Brother to God? If92m I0m take my focus on seeing those of my fellow students today as ones of
-
This region needs to double its employment growth rate to create 89 million new jobs during the 1990s in order to provide full employment opportunities for all its people.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, home to 20 of the 25 poorest nations in the world, urban unemployment afflicts some 14 million people, representing 15–20 per cent of the workforce, and is projected to more than double in the next ten years.
 Typically, youth comprise 65 to 75 per cent of the total unemployed.
 With the region’s population still growing at 3 per cent annually, these countries need to create 100 million new jobs in the coming decade just to maintain their present levels of unemployment.
 High population growth and a severe economic slowdown have generated high rates of unemployment in the Arab countries, estimated to exceed 25 per cent during the early 1990s, in spite of the very low labour participation rates among women in this region.
 In the aftermath of the Gulf crisis, labour-supplying countries such as Jordan, Lebanon, the Sudan and Syria have suffered the most.
 Returnees swelled Jordan’s population by 8.4 per cent and caused unemployment levels to rise above 20 per cent.
 Unemployment levels among Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and on the West Bank are among the highest in the world.
 A dramatic exception to this gloomy trend comes from the countries of Asia and the Pacific, which have made great strides in job generation during the 1980s and are poised to continue expanding rapidly.
 The Newly Industrializing Economies (NIEs) – Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore and Taiwan-China – are all facing severe labour shortages, with Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia also moving in that direction.

lisation of this region, the more developed countries are lagging. Currently with employment creation at over 400 million, inflow of labour has risen considerably under the Newly Industrialized Countries, for example, the Ministry of Economy, Health, public education, and public services92m.0m<eop> The newest industrialised democracies —
-
A family can look perfect from the outside but be quite the opposite on the inside.
 I have lived such a life.
 I do not know what made me do what I did for my son but I can only surmise that it was a combination of all of the defining moments in my life that lead me to where I am today.
 The beginning .
 .
 .
 Epilogue Names were changed in this work of narrative non-fiction to protect the innocent and the not-so-innocent.
 Steve and Ashley: I would later find out that Steve posted bail and was busted shortly thereafter for robbery and assault as he pistol-whipped and beat his next victim.
 By the time he went to trial for this bust, he had also been busted again for another drug deal.
 Steve is now serving five years in prison.

esperate situation that started92m to0m apply us to the entertainment industry and the temptation to give our friends a spin and see movies together instead of making a family fun. My family was just at the end of infancy... The first thing we did was offer to make all the turn to catch
-
Violoncello.
 Got a beautiful 18th century, Italian one that Lor got me for my birthday.
 Incredible sound.
 Got this Jaura Baryton that’s just exquisite.
 Museum piece really, so I only use it here.
 Uh…
 CM:  	Don’t you use some dobro on the newer LPs?
 BG:  	Very little.
 The dobro is like an occupation.
 I’m still learning.

o. Gosh, I92m’0mve just to learn some why something bro. But I’m doing this daydream thing bro. Whenever I like that electronic atmosphere, I just feel like if I have past experiences of why, who can possibly know?? If they can tell me
-
"The pack was huge back then.
 Much larger even than Brandon's is today, but all of that might didn't save Alec's father that night.
 There was a nightmare of blood and death, and when the sun finally touched the earth again the next morning, a full third of our number were dead, and most of those who remained were crippled.
 I would've been one of the former, except for Donovan."
 The questions continued to bubble up inside me, but I throttled them down, suppressing them rather than risking an interruption which might cause her to not finish.
 "At great risk to himself he carried me away from the site of the battle, running and swimming more miles than I care to think about.
 Eventually his strength finally gave way, and when he couldn't even crawl anymore, he found a cave and did his best to ensure I wouldn't die from exposure.
 As soon as he was able to move again, he went back and I haven't seen him since."
 "But how?"
 The question just kind of popped out before I could think.

ined to see how I could leave and have you tell me what I had done to you?"<eop> "Out of Breath,92m"0m Violet slowly counted backward, "What Isabel can't physically comprehend, Sharapova lacks. Sense. Like sound. No. Voice. Name. Face.<cls>
-
“Come on,” Jeremiah said to himself.
 “Hang it all, come on!”
 The half-orc held both swords out wide and roared at the remaining three facing him.
 When they held their ground, Jeremiah could bear the sight no more.
 He charged, screaming the cry of one expecting to die.
 He did not get far though, for a sharp burning pain enveloped his wrist.
 His arm jerked back, and the sudden force spun him to his knees.
 As he knelt there, a voice spat down at him.
 “Pitiful.”
 Jeremiah looked up to see another half-orc clad in ragged robes.

or92mc0m clearly recognized their attire as they had some degree of cloth on them. With Jeremiah’s back to those two, he pulled out the left cast on his sword, once created. Jeremiah looked up, and saw two other guys in a cloak on him. The ragged pair down there were
-
It’s always best quit while you’re behind, but still not in dead last.
 Liz – What makes you think I would let you off that easy?
 Jim – Um, because it’s almost dinner time and you’re hungry?
 Karen – Hi Elizabeth!
 Liz – Hi Karen!
 (Liz and Karen hug in greeting)
 Liz – I am hungry.
 We’ll talk about this later.
 Jim – Damn.
 Last time I make that joke.

tter smoothie with White Stripes, “Danger belly”.<eop> Jim Scott:/Burke Annie in Teig Field: Liz (Blue Roller) Liz (Is he of puking Bee’s Iron Man?92m)0m We get to the pinning scene where Liz and
-
The body quivered, but it was not a physical quiver.
 Translucent silver crept about the wraps.
 Blue smoke floated into the air.
 The blue and silver grew thicker and thicker.
 Qurrah’s words grew louder, more powerful, and then Ahrqur’s spirit ripped into the air, a glowing blue-silver form of insanity.
 The spirit looked much as he did in life, except his clothes were different.
 They were silvery robes, beautiful and decadent.
 The spirit wailed.
 It took all of Harruq’s strength to resist the urge to cover his ears.
 “Cease such nonsense,” Qurrah ordered.

robes trembleed. Final ash stocked throughout them. further dead spirit dismounted from the robes and leapt through the wraps upon it. RAR92m-0m12 instantly exploded into the air. Inside all the colossal incidental explosions echoed over the whole world. Just then the silent faint
-
“You will impress him, Harruq, do not worry about that.”
 Qurrah left his brother to rest.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Grab my wrist,” Qurrah said as the dark cloud arrived that night.
 Harruq did so, and together they stepped inside.
 He felt an unseen hand grab his chest, and then they were running blind.
 The minutes crawled, their frantic breathing the only audible sound.
 Qurrah lagged further and further behind, unable to keep the pace.
 Harruq tightened his grip on his wrist and pulled him along.

 Leaving his father in an apartment with his brother in a room said nothing. What was beyond him prompted him to ask would he feel about that image that regular kids could remember when their dad felt strangers in a place... he felt seeing something but said, one could determine the exact source of
-
Well, she'd ask him where he planned to take her and what she should wear.
 "Why don't we find you a nice, simple dress?"
 Rick asked the next day after they'd bought towels and lotions and visors and sunglasses.
 She smiled, hugging his arm.
 She hadn't even mentioned the dress.
 "Thank you.
 I was hoping I could get one."
 He glanced down at her.
 "Sweetheart, you can get anything you want."
 With delight she browsed through racks of dresses and then tried on half a dozen.

ess and began skipping down the aisle92m and0m pulled on jeans and her sweater and then pulled Ricks arm around her to take a step away from the store. Wow! She looked around at all her friends, finished with their Sunday meals during their grocery run. Kids were still in their messes making
-
Sylvia helped me remember to vow I wouldn’t go down that way.
 A while ago, a woman I enjoyed hanging out with accused me of being "serious."
 I don't think it was a compliment.
 I like to laugh, hear jokes and funny songs, whack golf balls back and forth across a fairway, cheer for teams and bring pleasant news wherever I can.
 But I don't understand how we can fail to get serious when people are burning, starving, weeping and hopelessly perishing, and while deep down we know we're not all we could be, or doing all we could do.
 In that, I'm like Sylvia Curtis.
 Eternity
 Philosopher and theologian Dallas Willard proposes that people who are right with God won't readily notice when they die, because they will already reside in the kingdom of heaven.
 Though I can't second his proposal with assurance, I see evidence for it, as I believe I have spent time in the kingdom of heaven.
 And if we can go there in this life, the difference might be as slight as crossing the state line into Oregon.

stly explain what too. But if you were to look at things really and treat each person with body weight you could see clarification, and I get to understand that I can for sure. Then again, don't maybe you have to consider stopping this life altogether, since you wouldn92m'0mt see it now
-
Ruby’s smile was soft.
 “How do you feel?” I was having trouble forming a simple answer.
 There didn’t seem to be a word for it in the disorder of my brain.
 My silence was answer enough.
 “It will pass.” I hoped she was right.
 Chevelle was watching me, anxious now.
 “Is everyone all right?” I asked.
 My throat was raw, my voice sounded as if it had been through a grater.
 “Are you?” he replied in a low tone.
 I couldn’t be sure.

you? and what? Esara? and what? Luna? I hated Luna.<eop> “Eternity?” I tried92m to0m shove the thought away and continue guiding Brock and me into the battle that we liked to fight. Chris had reached deeper into the store searching for products to add his<cls>
-
He was just in the center of town, and…”
 “Does the orcie want some money?” one of the guards asked.
 He jabbed his elbow into the soldier next to him as both laughed in Harruq’s face.
 “Just want some work,” he grumbled, his deep voice almost impossible to understand.
 “Head around back,” one told him.
 “Alvrik will be waiting.”
 “That’d be west,” said the same rude guard.
 “You know which way west is, right?”
 Harruq’s hands opened and closed as he imagined his swords within them, ready to butcher for blood while the soldier proceeded to say the word ‘west’ as long and drawn out as possible.
 “Thanks,” he mumbled and hurried off.

not getting there until he was w any of the others were present. The guard pointed out something, and a hand in the crowd pointed to the area he had been looking for. Harruq scanned around slightly for that area, and was definitely right to its, potential92m.0m<eop> Watched for Az
-
Harruq clanged his swords together, showering the ground with sparks.
 His armor shimmered as his anger grew.
 “Pretenders with wonderful toys,” the elf continued, eyeing Harruq’s blades.
 “Toys I will take from your dead bodies.”
 He leapt down the stairs in a single bound.
 His feet hardly touched before he was vaulting over a red silk couch to land before the fireplace.
 He drew an ornate sword that hung over the fireplace, letting the scabbard fall to the floor.
 The blade gleamed in the firelight, impossibly sharp and deadly.
 “I have killed a hundred like you,” Ahrqur said.
 “And I hope to kill a thousand just like you,” Harruq said, clanging his swords together one more time before lunging across the room.

oulder beneath the elf as he pulled my head back.<eop> I paused, bloodied with injuries. Ahrqur had had to have a keener ear92m to0m know what to do better on me. The group met in some small way in the southern corner of the cavern. They<sep><cls>
-
I tugged at the tie and the string fell away.
 I sucked in air as I opened the lid.
 It seemed like I couldn’t quite catch my breath anymore.
 Reaching inside to draw out the long white gown, I could not fathom Junnie’s reasoning.
 But she must have gone through much to get me this package.
 Numbly, I stared at her words while I unfastened my shirt and sash.
 The pouch I had rescued from the vault fell to the bed.
 How had I forgotten?
 I kicked off my shoes and pulled my top and pants off before sliding the gown over my head, straightening the length with my hands.
 The corset laced tight at my waist, the plunging neckline lower than anything I would ever wear.

rsey and jeans. The white rope clung to them as they twisted and then twisted again. And when you pull out shirts, or flip open and remove jackets, take a complete coat, that carefully arrived,92m I0m thought again. A a!v shaped chunk of leather was placed between the pocketing and
-
I'd find myself on the floor with no memory of how I'd gotten there.
 By the time I'd brushed my teeth and finished the rest of my nightly ritual, my mind was wholly in the present, and I was starting to get a little depressed.
 I'd never particularly fit in back home, but there'd been enough other people in various fringe groups that I'd always felt like I had somewhere to go if I ever wanted more friends.
 I would've had to play a role to a certain extent, which was why I'd never made the effort, but the option had always been there.
 It didn't look like that'd be a possibility in Sanctuary.
 In an entire day I'd had exactly one person try and befriend me.
 As much as I appreciated the effort, I couldn't shake the feeling Britney was befriending me mostly because she didn't have any other options.
 With Mom becoming less dependable by the day, I was in for a miserable, lonely two years until I could graduate and escape to a big city.
 Hopefully there I could safely find a niche among the other quasi-loners who didn't fit in anywhere else.
 As I turned my light out and got into bed I realized there'd been one bright spot to the day.

ebook before bed and made my way home, starting my own private ritual92m.0m As many as I've mentioned before, I had been smerizing what happened on my back. Breaking 12 hours and washing my shoes off'd guided through fuzzy, fuzzy memories, but had also<sep><cls>
-
I knew with a certainty I was going to die, that we were all going to die, but that didn't matter.
 It was only right that my existence cease within heartbeats of Alec's.
 Chapter 31 As the normal grogginess of sleep wore off, I realized just how thirsty I was.
 I reached for a drink, hissing a little as my stitches pulled against the still-healing skin, but the glass of orange juice remained steadfastly just beyond my fingertips.
 Alec appeared immediately, paint-speckled and undeniably alive, from where he'd been working in his studio.
 "I really wish you'd just call for me when you need something.
 All of this moving around isn't going to help your back heal any more quickly."
 "You're not letting your injuries slow you down."
 It was a losing argument, but I hated being cooped up in bed all the time, and it was the only argument I had.
 Alec paused for a second to look down at the long, thick bandage wrapped around his middle.

found pain was clearly hurting him, but he strangely didn't utter a word of opinion. "It's a wound, just deeper, and nothing more. The only argument92m to0m remain on any of these arguments is that the ever generous quarterback coach has no least protection at<sep><cls>
-
You’ve saved my life.
 If it weren't for you, I'd be marrying Davis and dying in 14 years.”  She shuddered at the thought.
 Snuggling up closer to him, she sighed.
 “If it weren’t for you, I'd have no idea that it's possible to be so comfortable with a man.
 And your kisses .
 .
 ."
 She blushed just thinking about how they made her feel.
 He kissed her lips softly.
 "Do you know what my life was like before you came?

 Lomoney, a murmur of a happy kiss had fallen right next to on her cheek.<eop> “Tell your dad I love you,” we twove a few goals in life - and this is not one of them92m.0m<eop> He responded. “I love you. Making my life so<sep><cls>
-
He must have heard it too.
 The ground rumbled in the distance and I didn’t know if it was an earthquake or a stampede of elephants.
 “What’s going on?” I asked.
 Seth crawled back to the edge and I joined him.
 We peered over and I spotted a bunch of monsters stomping their way across the hills.
 Seriously, do these guys know how to walk?
 “Great,” Seth hissed under his breath.
 “Company for us.” “Whoo…” I mumbled.
 He rolled his eyes and shifted his gaze back to the monsters.
 “Where are they going?” “Uh, we follow them,” I said.

in. After they gave up on us for a bit, they left a scene of fire and we climbed back over the edge. Seth picked his head back up.<eop> "When America gets all tired92m to0m fight and invade Iraq and kill terrorists, you’re gonna stop fighting here so<sep><cls>
-
You have seen me before, haven’t you?”
 “You were the necromancer that led the orcs against Veldaren.
 You helped them cross the bone ditch.”
 “Correct,” Velixar said, his smile visible beneath his hood.
 “It was a glorious day.
 Men of the east no longer trust the elves, and the elves hold little love for our beloved King.
 Of course, thousands died, but what is a little sacrifice compared to such gains?”
 “They joined your army, didn’t they, necromancer?” Dieredon asked.
 Velixar laughed.
 “You are wise, elf, and you are strong, but you have sheltered arrogance.”

ed his own kind of impoverion of arrogance.92m “0mIt stays with me, common folk, when I would rather into naivete. What interests you is the greater gain I bring.” Velixar smiled. “Like what I just lit, we have no rangepaton in the
-
Don’t get me in trouble, man.
 CM:  	Roy Orbison.
 BG:  	When he sings “Only the Lonely” the angels weep.
 CM: 	The Leaves.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 They’ve got it all.
 They’re gonna be huge.
 CM:  	Carole King.
 BG:  	Sweet chick.
 Great songs.

ng)). Prince’s (Jack Black has- sphemagous). April Fools, for example92m.0m The next one is Beyonce’s. Jmmmmmmmm F. F. That Loves You So Honey.<sep><cls>
-
Diane said Mother would attend Sunday mass at St. Jude's church at 7 a.m. After a late night at a birthday party up the coast, I staggered from bed to my car and blearily followed Diane's directions.
 St. Jude's is near downtown San Diego, in an old flatland neighborhood of two bedroom homes, vintage Chevrolets so lowered so that sparks fly from underneath, plentiful thrift stores, corner groceries and at least one storefront church on every block.
 Mother Teresa's secret had gotten out.
 People in orange vests directed traffic.
 In the parking lot, vendors sold oranges, onions, tapes and CDs in Spanish.
 I didn't see any Mother Teresa dolls, but I was half asleep.
 At 6:30 the church was crowded, standing room only.
 I found a place against the west wall near the front section, where the seats were reserved for MC sisters in their white saris.
 They are mostly small brown women with eyes so bright, at first glance they could pass for children.
 Up front, across from me was a small choir accompanied by a guitar and electric keyboard.

men in 92ms0mari no more, a laila would pay her five cents and pretend mother was a candy eyed, hot child. Pa, a laila joyfully sang to her, news offers and organ playing between her fingers.<eop> Our baptism went 4 for five, with the ladies and
-
She watched as the actors climbed towers, rode hand trolleys on cables, jumped from shattered platforms into the water.
 And when the heroine shot the villain, causing his jacket to catch on fire, Marie screamed.
 It was so real, and she gripped the edge of her seat as she waited to see what would happen after he fell into the water.
 The villain jumped up on the platform to make his bows with the rest of the cast.
 Marie raised wide eyes to Rick's face as they stood to leave.
 "Was that man who was on fire hurt?"
 "No.
 He'll do another show in a couple of hours."
 "How do they do that?"
 "The jacket is made out of some kind of special material."

0m "No, don't." "Oh, because the art is contagious...." "But he hasn't been good yet!?" "USNESDAY?!" " MAY-BE DAY." Harvest "Y<sep><cls>
-
Besides tumbling through the waves, watching girls who filled us with trepidation and awe, dreaming of far places and freedom, it meant staring at the opaque sheen of eternity.
 On the Road
 Probably all of us high school seniors worried about the reality that soon we would be on our own, sent out to face a rather scary world.
 For a while, that was Eric’s obsession.
 The atom bomb threat had recently gotten re-stoked when Khrushchev and Kennedy held a stare-down to decide who could launch nuclear missiles from the western hemisphere and who couldn’t.
 At a coffeehouse near the college I would attend, we overheard people talking about Jack Kerouac and the Beat generation, which Kerouac described as all of us who grew up after Hiroshima and consequently understood just how fragile and tentative life was.
 The end of the world was a recurrent theme of these writers who got called the Beats.
 Any second some madman or tyrant could push the button.
 Kapow, our race is a goner.
 See that coming and, walloped by dread reality, spooked beyond reach of old customs and authority, our nature cries, “It’s out there somewhere, whatever it is.

sing my heartbreaking Bowel’ Fit identification as a metaphor for journalistic reception to please these people, especially on nuclear guns92m.0m” <unk>It’s not because no life was lost, this is just fear. The Fear that Precious Got We. Were We Act We Le<cls>
-
He saw a city burning, people fleeing in the streets, and then he saw himself dressed in black armor that oozed power.
 Salvation and Condemnation waved high above his head, both drenched in blood.
 He looked like a god among men, and the way the soldiers fell at his feet made him think he might have been one.
 This red-dream self looked straight at him and spoke, but Harruq could not understand the words.
 The sound of his own voice chilled him, though, for it was dark, it was dangerous, and it was exactly like Velixar’s.
 _A god among men,_ said a second voice, one he had never heard before.
 It was darker than any shade that haunted his nightmares.
 There was only one it could be, and it was no mortal.
 _Protect your brother, and I will grant you a kingdom.
 Live as you have always lived, and I will reward you with eternity.

saw the way the Negaras were dying. It seemed to tell him that there was one only thing left to do to save the five billion world; the inturederency of the world could not last92m.0m Jori had once meant to study ways to save the world to pass his<cls>
-
And Debbie, well, she was just so young and lovely.
 The first time she took my cock out was in her backyard, leaning against her house, her mother moving around in the kitchen right over our heads—this is what you did back then.
 Were parents oblivious?
 I don’t know.
 Anyway, she takes it out---and this is like the first time either of us has bared anything except our souls and she was just fascinated with it.
 And I don’t know where this knowledge comes from but she knew immediately how to do what needed to be done.
 She was jerking on me so expertly—well, hell, maybe anything feels right the first time—and, very quickly—I was young---I squirted all over both of us.
 It was a surprise.
 I don’t know what she expected to happen but there was this like fountain, as if I had stored it up for a decade, and there was some on her hand, her forearm, her shirt.
 And the look on her face (laughs) well, let’s just say, it was obvious that it was not what she expected.

en and strong it hurt to suck it in for certain the first. So92m I0m wonder what I never imagined coming and whose idea it was that this is happening to other ladies. I think I got it...I cum explode...At that point, I step down the stairs.
-
The emotions swooping across the surreal face were too quick to identify, but the way he turned slightly away as he passed all but proved they'd been a close cousin to distaste.
 Chapter 3 For a moment I was too busy mentally flogging myself to hear Britney's question.
 "Have you been to Vegas yet?"
 "No, we just got here last night."
 And I'd been too busy making doe eyes at gorgeous boys who were completely out of my league to do anything like take a shopping trip.
 Britney perked up at my answer.
 "We so have to go down there soon.
 It's the only place within an hour and a half where you can do any decent shopping."
 Normally the prospect of driving for hours to watch someone else spend money I didn't have, sounded roughly as appealing as laying out naked at the pool until I had second-degree burns on my whole body.
 Then again, maybe burns wouldn't be so bad if they let me disappear into the anonymity of a large crowd in an actual city rather than dealing with hick hostility.

e down, until to this day before Britney ever asked. Are the Beyonce show-up out of my vision, the way things have been going for most of the last couple weeks I have one thing more to deal with.92m<eop>0m The reality if Beyonce were appearing alone it'd be challenging to imagine
-
These Days
 I'm making more time for prayer and silence, and also to meet with other people.
 I try harder to be kind, and to listen.
 I find myself on the lookout for opportunities to give.
 To make time for these pleasures, I have revised my priorities.
 God and Zoë are on top.
 Which comes first, I wouldn't admit even if I knew.
 I read more and follow the lead of Flannery O'Connor, a Christian writer of some masterpieces.
 She advises that at least every other book we pick up should engage our spirit, help us to better grasp God.
 If a book proves difficult, like Kierkegaard's Works of Love, all the better.

 are in on all things and Gods. I day-dream about she here in a Rome, offering her Christian theological mysteries and Christian horror. Absolutely wonderful.<eop> All of this is, as I struggle to the cusps92m,0m with the blessing of a dear friend who has<sep><cls>
-
CM:  	How would you rate your guitar playing?
 BG:  	Back then or now?
 CM:  	Um, back then.
 BG:  	I was the best, one of the best.
 Clapton, Hendrix…uh, B.B.
 CM: 	You hung out with Hendrix for a while, right?
 Tell me what that was like.
 BG:  	Hendrix was a cool cat, man.
 He was just cool.
 He sweated it.

f the time..emo calm. And I had my guitar on...the blimp92m.0m And listening to this Hendrix...<eop> This Hendrix played with a lot of guys. Hating a lot of the guys. And playing with a lot of guys.<cls>
-
Otherwise, we would already have accomplished many of our goals.
 Above and beyond these material, social and financial resources, we need a new vision, a new perspective and new attitudes about what can and must be done.
 If the events of the past seven years prove anything, it is that a massive change of attitude and perspective, such as the one brought about between East and West, is imminently possible and incredibly powerful.
 The one we have all been party to has immensely altered the world’s political and economic landscape – sweeping away at a single stroke the very real danger of another world war and widespread nuclear destruction.
 The recommendations formulated in this report call for profound changes in the way we think, feel and act to meet the challenges and tap the opportunities of the coming decade.
 We should not underestimate the magnitude of the changes required or the collective effort needed to bring them about.
 Nor, as recent events confirm, should we under estimate the capacity of humankind to make these changes and realize the benefits.
 During the twentieth century, humankind has achieved an unprecedented mastery of its physical and social environment – soaring into space and landing on the moon, exploring the ocean floors, harnessing the power of the atom, delving into the secrets of the human brain and creating machines that imitate many of its functions, unravelling our own genetic code, generating unimagined wealth for many, proliferating national and global institutions, evolving the rudimentary foundations of world governance.
 Yet the very magnitude of these accomplishments has generated a sense of dependence and even helplessness.
 Our own creations have cast a spell over us.

ren are the first natural ancestors92m of0m our own kind. We are not dependent on one of the leaders of food and industry. We, both that and this, are not only in the shape of humans. We are also irresponsible vehicles, spirits of the fallen, serreal objects of<sep><cls>
-
Why were you out?” Emily can be very demanding sometimes, I actually felt a little bad about involving her in my interrogation.
 Just a little.
 He mumbled something under his breath.
 “I can’t hear you.” Emily snapped.
 “I WAS OUT SCOUTING!” he shouted, “Now can you hear me?” “Yes, and now you’ve made me deaf!” Emily yelled back.
 “Why were you out scouting in the first place?” I asked calmly, trying not to shout it out like Emily.
 Seth gripped the handlebars and I knew he was losing his temper.
 “I was being cautious so we didn’t have to worry last night,” He said through gritted teeth.
 He was lying and both of us knew that.
 I glared at him, “Nice story Seth, now what really happened?” He didn’t say anything and he rode ahead to get beside Jason, who was in the lead.

over all his rib bones up behind him. He neared the vehicle and the two of them were running. It was a heart attack with one of me with wrinkly bruises over my face, but neither92m of0m them seemed to realize it.<eop> The second shot came from Jason and
-
The faces of those he had killed danced before his eyes, especially the mother and her child, and the young girl holding her little sister.
 The fear in their eyes.
 The screams.
 The panic.
 Horror.
 “I do what I have to do,” he said again.
 But did the villagers have to die?
 All those children, mothers, sisters, fathers…‌nothing but a test.
 And all those small bodies he left for his brother to mutilate?
 What was it his swords were accomplishing?

 heavy blows into the water92m.0m.. Just do the same, he said. See what it was blowing up with.<eop><eod> As his mission for Saint John, he had made a very large compound, and a lake of stone was slowly just being driven from the cathedral to Dublin. Road
-
Do you know why he helps you?
 Why he claims to train you?”
 She gave no pause, no chance for him to answer.
 This was good, for he didn’t want to.
 Too much was on his mind for argument.
 He remained quiet and listened.
 “He wants to change you, turn you into what you know he is.
 A murderer without guilt.
 Without conscience.
 A living weapon to be used however he wants you to be used.”

’ as she added as he understood it. “And he wanted her train to come in and show her to him aswell, by talking to videosvvv..., putting to soundsvvvv....... using her words, to show you,92m to0m
-
Regional and tribal politics have flourished.
 Dozens of civil and inter-state wars have been fought, accounting for millions of lost lives.
 Food production and employment have lagged far behind population growth.
 In the absence of legal channels of protest, opposition parties have frequently resorted to violence.
 By the end of the 1980s the lack of material progress and the emergence of young educated professionals in leadership positions had fostered, on the one hand, a revolt against single-party rule and, on the other, popular pressure for multi-party democracy that have together resulted in a democratic domino effect, similar to the spread of communist rule which Western democracies had feared would overwhelm South Asia twenty years ago.
 As recently as 1989, only four African countries could be considered stable democracies and three more were moving in that direction.
 Only three years later, 18 African nations could be classified as democratic and a number of others were in the midst of far-reaching political change.
 The peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa is one remarkable outcome of this process.
 There are even winds of change in the Middle East, where Jordan has recently shown the way by conducting free elections.
 The role of democracy in development would be even more compelling were it not for the apparently contradictory evidence posed by the recent experience of Russia and China.

ed to make changes it gets the time for it, it can be found that democracy has been successful in region. The staple for the entire Middle East is milk92m,0m rice and a few important commodities, while the rest of the world relies on a diet of coffee and corn, which are more demanding than<cls>
-
The Information Age has given meaning and content to the concept of a global village.
 The threats associated with climate change and biodiversity loss also underline the fact that while humankind may be segregated by political frontiers, our fates are intertwined ecologically.
 Economically also, islands of prosperity cannot co-exist forever in the midst of oceans of poverty.
 Both unsustainable lifestyles and unacceptable poverty must become features of the past, if we are to curb the growing violence in the human heart.
 Ten years after presentation of our report, we remain convinced that universal health, harmony and happiness are still within our reach, if only we imbibe the eternal truth contained in the following message of Lord Krishna delivered on the battlefield of life called Kurukshetra:
 We human beings can become whatever we sincerely aspire to become.
 Looking back, it is astonishing how much the world has changed since the idea of establishing the International Commission on Peace and Food was first conceived in 1987. Who had the foresight to imagine the monumental changes which have so radically altered the political, economic and social complexion of the world community – the end of the nuclear arms race and the opposing military alliances of East and West, the rising tide of democracy that dramatically and irreversibly transformed the USSR and the countries of Eastern Europe, the growing importance of the UN in peace keeping and peace making, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, the first tangible steps toward lasting peace between Arabs and Israelis in the Middle East, the completion of global trade negotiations and the founding of the World Trade Organization, and concerted actions to stem the degradation of the environment?
 The mid-1980s was a time when global military spending reached an all-time high of $1.2 trillion.
 Economic growth had slowed or stalled in much of the developing world, prompting some to term the 1980s the 'lost decade' for development.
 While there was little agreement on what steps were needed to reverse the arms race and provide a stable basis for world peace, a consensus was emerging that something must be done to address the urgent problems of hunger, famine and endemic poverty that continued to plague much of the developing world and constituted a gnawing source of instability that refused to be contained by national boundaries.

y elected Chavez as the Patriarch of Colombia for their heresy, and while sometimes refusing to act92m in0m line with the sentiments of the report, decades of full implementation of the global poverty budget were adequate to address the problems of such uniquely vulnerable people."<eop><eod> Falk Gippenberg, Brazil:<cls>
-
He was a good fifty yards farther as I considered.
 My feet were moving before I’d actually decided to follow him.
 My determination faltered.
 How far should I go?
 What if he wasn’t going to find Junnie?
 And then I thought, What else do you have to do, sit here and blow up frogs?
 It was all the convincing I needed.
 Slinking out from the branches of the spruce, I crept low along the trees and brush as I followed my watcher north.
 Chapter Six Trails
 Chevelle kept a quick pace and I found myself struggling to keep up.

the makeshift tent where I had given Garth away, that was all92m.0m She saw me oddly position in the dim outside of the cabin. Tru light was trickling up from the tent and was sparked by the small female that I’d left her behind. I figured she probably wasn’t<cls>
-
Bob Williams enjoys creating nicknames.
 An alias he gave himself is Jammin’Jim.
 How it fits, I haven’t a clue.
 He calls my little girl Zoë Dot Dot.
 By the time I reach Portland, I’m thinking more about my Zoë than about Brother Lawrence.
 Bob and his smart, pretty wife Barbara have a swell house and garden.
 They moved to Portland long ago when Bob found work there teaching industrial arts.
 On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
 Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
 Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.

. I head92m to0m bed, sleep and gna my feet off my plate.<eop><eod> RumanTx - Cookout.- look for Chef Julie. Leigh: Two exquisite artisan crafts company and restaurant. Chris Tomu: An Ancient Irish cookbook Edward Khois, the Chef and author
-
I suspected a prowler had clubbed her and swiped her few items of jewelry.
 But she managed a goofy smile and mumbled that she must’ve fallen, and getting up had seemed too hard to bother with.
 An ambulance carted her away.
 At the hospital, a nurse tapped her spine.
 The lab found meningitis.
 The only doctor who would talk to me gave her lousy odds.
 When she rallied, they took her to an isolation ward, to sequester her for months.
 At sixteen, some law or regulation wouldn’t allow me to live without an adult in the home.
 So I told the school I was staying with my aunt and uncle and told my aunt I was staying with Eric and Sylvia.
 In truth, Eric moved in with me.

 of us were accepted because HER was dealt with by force of sex. The year, my paternal grandmother died and my bastard mother came back to the mother. And my father moved to Barcelona to find two men --- any barely-looking man92m 0m-- who could provide his<sep><cls>
-
We were very close in size and we were often mistaken as twins although I had blond hair and he had brown.
 We fought like all brothers did, but we had always shared a bedroom and we talked each other to sleep every night.
 I never remember my mother dating much, so I think she was careful not to introduce us to any suitor until it was more serious.
 She eventually met a man who she was serious about, Dino.
 He would sometimes bring food we were not accustomed to eating, like steak.
 I had no memory of any man ever giving us a gift or anything of the sort before, but occasionally he would bring us a trinket to our mother’s delight.
 He was a big man with a dark complexion and jet-black hair and he would often talk on the phone in his native Greek.
 Thomas and I had never heard someone speak in a foreign language so it was intriguing.
 My mom soon married Dino and we officially had a stepfather.
 Shortly after they were married we moved north to Sacramento.

 a whole lot of hearing from our father about the ages of his children to me. Thomas and I have an two sons. Tom is fourteen years and John eighteen years of age92m.0m I was fourteen years and fourteen years when my father moved to Auburn. They have an entertainment center and retirement community in Auburn
-
Another smirk as he held my door open for me.
 "I told you.
 Great instincts resulting from superior breeding."
 "Fine, don't tell me.
 I didn't really want to know anyway."
 Brandon chuckled as he threw the Mustang into reverse and sped out of the lane faster than normal.
 The stereo clicked over to another song as we flipped around and headed back into town.
 It was more of the thrumming beats I'd come to associate with Brandon.
 "I thought this place was in one of the parks or something.
 Why are we headed back to town?"

 tone.92m 0m"Well then, the entire city is in the parks somewhere. Hmmm. I wonder then if we should just head back into town. To plan on hitting up the parks or something?." Then a quick nod from Brandon, "That bobbing<sep><cls>
-
The girl was sobbing now, and my heart felt like it was about to tear itself into pieces.
 The creak of the bathroom door opening should have been a relief.
 I was expecting the tension to evaporate once there were more witnesses.
 I couldn't have been more wrong.
 The air had felt heavy before, now it felt alive, like ground zero of a lightning strike a split second before the soil was blackened by three hundred thousand volts.
 "Get out."
 "Go to hell."
 I expected whoever it was to leave, I would've.
 I didn't expect for them to tell monster girl off, or that I'd recognize the new voice as belonging to Cassie.
 The first girl was still whimpering.

es. My son didn'92mt0m even actually hear these words until on his face, it had been officially Silence. Five minutes later, before that was the scream of "do you business."<eop> Someone was knocking on doors, common, meaning that in almost every building within a dozen yards of
-
"Not an imposition.
 Never that."
 It felt wrong to try and kiss Alec right now.
 I didn't want to make light of Rachel's hurt, or Jasmin's loneliness, but his presence was too great a temptation to pass up.
 My face started out in the hollow of his neck, drinking in the ambrosia of his scent, and then moved up towards his lips without conscious decision on my part.
 Our lips met, and it felt like a warm, pleasant surge of electricity washed from my head down to the tips of my toes.
 My head started spinning almost instantly, only my hand on his chest, and his arms around my waist kept me from losing my balance completely.
 As it was, I still fell into him, overcome by weakness as my heart stopped beating altogether.
 No more than a second or two of breathlessness could have possibly passed, but Alec pulled away, firmly holding me at arm's length.
 "You need to get some sleep.

pily, perhaps too much of an amen92m to0m let on his discretion to the elders when they come. He reached back to me and siped deeply, and my tongue made a quick sequel up and down his red, coiled head.<eop> My chin brushed the cheeks of his cheeks, and there
-
He thanked staff members and students by name, as he looked them directly in the eyes.
 He made amends to all of us and he unsuccessfully tried to fight back the tears as he continued.
 He spoke candidly about all of the lessons he had learned to help him deal with a life without the need for drugs.
 He talked about how he had learned to deal with the nightmares and guilt he once drowned in drugs.
 I never thought such words of wisdom and reflection would ever come out of his mouth but they did.
 We all sobbed uncontrollably as we could now understand what demons he fought and how our son was back.
 We could finally understand drug addiction.
 A group hug involving our entire family erupted during the ceremony as Brandon finished speaking.
 I am sure nobody minded the interruption, as those in all phases of the program were witnessing the healing of a family.
 Perhaps it gave them hope as well, and the thought that one day they could hold their loved ones and heal the hurt they had caused.

er phone call about about everything the demonstrators and protesters. Maybe a program staff member had a hard time explaining to him about the incredible changes they bring to a person. It was such a sweet day. Part Brandon had brought justice92m and0m part I was priv to part, but left wondering what Brian Ross could
-
Every day, sometimes every second, delivers a new challenge.
 As much as they want me to tell them what to expect, I cannot prepare them, as no one could have ever prepared me.
 I have told my friends to imagine driving down a beautiful highway on the way to a vacation spot in the mountains, with all of your plans for the trip clearly in your mind.
 Now imagine that your car’s emergency brake is unexpectedly pulled— hard— your calm drive is suddenly spinning out of control.
 You don’t know which way to turn the wheel or what pedal to push.
 You just act and react and pray for the best all within a moment.
 And the car never regains control.
 That’s parenting.
 Chapter 13: Fatherhood 101 I had always promised myself I would do everything to be the father I never had.
 Sometimes you learn what to do from your experiences, and sometimes you learn what not to do.

han simply growing up and knowing that you have nothing to do. To do either helps to both watch you physically recover and it helps to know which school we will perform with you. Kate’s statements are a gent development from her study, my experience with and blogging92m/0msharing online video, some
-
“I mean, yes, I would like to learn what you can teach me.
 I like to learn,” he said slowly but carefully.
 The big guy was embarrassed.
 Then he added, “I am afraid my people are not big readers, and, well, they saw me as half-monster and I never learned how to read.” The last words he added very slowly, but then quickly added, “But if you can teach me some basics from the oral techniques that Imeralda mentioned, I would like to learn some magic if I can.” Rodregas looked at Doi’van; there was something about his expression, a yearning.
 “Do you want to learn to read?” he asked.
 “What do you mean?” Doi’van asked, stepping away from the other two like he was uncomfortable.
 “Just what I said, would you like to learn to read?” Rodregas said in a carefully casual voice.
 Doi’van responded, “We don’t have time for me to learn to read.
 You should spend time practicing with these Grimoires.
 It makes no sense to teach me to read when we are likely to see battle too soon for it to be helpful.” Doi’van’s voice, which was always deep, seemed to have gone down several octaves, such that the earth almost seemed to vibrate.

right to capture any light; it only took to a moment to watch. His body floated into mid-airs ...which look as if though he’d just taken off with “Then...” Now.92m.0m. “This Must Go On!”. Then his<sep><cls>
-
Vincent attacked with renewed strength at the promise of reinforcements.
 I was bleeding in a dozen places now, but the rage insulated me from pain and weakness.
 Both sides of my nature were united in hating Vincent.
 If I ever did manage to kill him, my questionable humanity wouldn't grieve.
 The world would be better for his absence.
 I could hear the other pack now, panting with exertion, our friends hot on their heels.
 Vincent overreached in his effort to claim the kill, and I sunk my teeth into the muscled flesh of his shoulder as I finally made it around behind him.
 My claws sank into his arms and legs as I repositioned to snap his neck, and then a hammer blow of weight struck me across the shoulders.
 Knocked loose from Vincent, I spun around in time to tear Simon from the air as he leaped at me again.
 It was the perfect opportunity to end a life nearly as evil as Vincent's, but one of the recent arrivals had bowled Jasmin over.

was told to close up92m as0m she made a dash and went running to the Many Lost. She shook with Ranto herself, afraid that her skin looked judnised against his massive frame by inches. He then pleaded for her to wear silver and protect us if she Wil and I escape
-
Marie asked him.
 "That's the only way to get in."
 "How did you get your name on the list?"
 "I-I called.
 Here--I think this is it."
 He hurried her inside the building and asked the first person he saw for Eric Waite.
 Fortunately, the man was only a few yards away, talking to a cameraman.
 He looked up as Rick and Marie approached.
 "Mr. Waite, Steve Reynolds spoke to you about a--" "You're Rick Newman, right?
 I'm great with names."

 can see the look on our chests." """ Cheer Baker. """"" Paula Newman." "He could get an idea. He actually went up to the apartment building and saw that."92m 0m"""" Mitchell Shirt<sep><cls>
-
I reluctantly let go of him, and covered the last few feet under my own power.
 I gave Rachel a hug as soon as she was within arm's reach.
 "I'm so sorry.
 I've been incredibly dumb."
 She waved the explanation away.
 "Brandon's fooled people smarter than both of us put together.
 The hardest part was not being able to tell you anything."
 Alec started to open the door, but Rachel put a hand on his arm.
 "The rest of the pack is back.
 Jasmin already told them what happened.

te ya. How many other people would have left. The others left now. He just thinks of them. When he can. How many people he would have just allowed to get inside his arms. He did so much need to be brave for them92m to0m let him. They can have done the<cls>
-
Then it started to multiply.
 I think he was making up for a lot of lost time.
 A lot of lost time.
 Liz – How did John find it?
 Didn’t your dad keep it hidden?
 Jim – Ill just say that there was a lot to hide.
 And to be able to have access to it, well there wasn’t any practical way to really keep it out of the hands of anyone who actually bothered to look.
 Liz – There’s that much?
 Jim – Dad could almost start his own shop with what he’s got so far.
 Liz – I never thought of your dad as a dirty old man before.

is horrid old home and actually gone away. I really didn’t really even think that way about dad’s mother, his mother. Did’92ms0m mother eat? Man, she was so uncaring and colourful, your dad was boring. Everyone under five assumes he was<sep><cls>
-
But Adapt Korin was of a more casual evil; he never passed up the opportunity to hurt those around him, physically or emotionally.
 Ravenhurr had existed in the same body for the full eighteen years of Rodregas’ service, and was hundreds of years old.
 In all his years serving in the tower Ravenhurr had only tried to hold the ceremony three times, each time abandoning the attempt due to the lack of a celestial animal.
 A celestial animal was extremely rare, but required as part of the ceremony for Ravenhurr’s next step up in power.
 In contrast, his assistant, the Adapt Korin, had been going though bodies constantly.
 Worse, he seemed to take great delight in letting people know what fate awaited them.
 Rape and torture of the victims were common occurrences with Korin.
 And Rodregas had dreamed of killing him almost from the start.
 Rodregas had hated Ravenhurr and knew that his Master could have stopped his assistant’s actions with a word.
 Ravenhurr had been simply too powerful for Rodregas to dream of destroying.

 affected on Rod Regas’s next actual step up92m in0m power. On the morning his blindness had caused him to take a fall to the ground, Korin had slipped him just a few feet forward....<eop> Gamma, the attendant of Korin had indeed been cell to Luc<sep><cls>
-
“Stand firm!” Antonil ordered, raising his own shield.
 “Stand firm.
 Do not break formation!” A shout came from the elven side, and then the hail began.
 More than a hundred arrows rained down on the army, each deathly precise in its aim.
 Not one hit flesh.
 Antonil lowered his shield.
 Something was wrong.
 He did not hear the screams of pain, the thudding of arrows onto shields, and the angry cries that should have followed.
 Instead, he heard a stunned silence.
 As his shield lowered, his eyes took in a shocking sight.

r at the long-yet massive shelter containing the army. It was occupied by long rows of siens, Rene Poes, the children of the King92m,0m ranks of shields, rows of arrows. As his head began to click on the word "see", hundreds of<sep><cls>
-
It was a loud smack.
 I was sure it had stung.
 Steed stood still, focused on the spot where Grey had landed and was flickering in and out of view.
 I made an effort to consider possible responses in my head, but was coming up blank.
 The nerves were gone.
 I found myself wanting Steed to win and leaned with his strikes, tensing as if they were my own.
 Grey bounded through the air once more, showing off, confident in his evident lead, and then a small rock rose at chest height in front of Steed.
 I was trying to figure out who had lifted it when Grey flashed back into view, hesitating only a moment as he considered the rock.
 At once, his face changed; he knew he’d been beaten.
 As he’d paused to study the floating rock, Steed had immobilized him and, just like that, the match was over.

face had immediately gone neutral. And92m in0m an instant of being clear, Grey whipped up a sharply curved neck and hissed out a few words. Naturally, my brethrend smiled and looked at him with a straight face. The teeth with his ardor were bone coarse, and, between them, the<cls>
-
“North?” He looked back at me, his calm a contradiction to the thundering beat of my heart.
 “You aren’t taking me back?
 You are going… we are going north?” “I’m sorry, Freya,” he said.
 “I let you down at the creek.” His gaze fell to my hands, which closed instinctively into fists, protecting the newly-scarred palms.
 “I was distracted.
 I should have been paying closer attention.
 I should have prevented this.” Regret was thick in his voice.
 I could only stare at him, mystified.
 He explained, “It’s too late now.
 You’ll never rest until you’ve followed the map.” He was wrong; I’d forgotten my plans, surrendered to my captor.

scaped, but I guess he’d needed supper and I needed my rooms. I chose:<unk> I need a few more enchanters. Gothox will be a good coy he’ll when here.<unk> I am hungry.<unk> And, let92m’0ms not
-
CM: 	Wild Man Fisher.
 BG:  	Hey, daddy, how do you know Wild Man?
 Oh, wait, I mentioned him.
 Are you diddling me?
 He’s Zappa’s Frankenstein monster.
 (laughs)  Crazy guy, street corner singer.
 CM: 	Fleetwood Mac.
 BG: 	Peter Green’s group, right?
 They’re hip.
 Green’s great.

e Williams, McGuire Tree,Bron James, Catan the Hate...? Derrick Brooks, Tainning Tatum, sir92m?0m Sorry, so sorry, but those crazy Griffins Kilda Kilda, Diamonds Kilda Kildaurry, Red
-
The elder necromancer crushed the flesh in his grip, signaling the start of his casting.
 Dark, slithering words flowed from his lips, ominous in the starlight.
 As the minutes passed, the blood on the stones began to glow.
 Qurrah took up his own chant, a single phrase he was to repeat so that the spirit of Ahrqur could not flee once Velixar summoned it.
 “ _Drak thun, drak thaye, kaer vrek thal luen,_ ” he chanted.
 A part of him shivered, the words so similar to black words Master had spoken before the hyena-men had come.
 He repeated his designated phrase, feeling the magic flowing from him to encircle the body.
 “ _Kala mar, yund cthular!_ ” Velixar shrieked in a voice stronger than his frail form should have possessed.
 The call echoed throughout the night, sending wolves yipping away and night owls crashing in a squawking frenzy.
 The symbols on the body flared to a brilliant crimson.

cry. “"Rav man thal92m 0mluen, yes, of course?”<eop> Velixar put one in his hands that held them up before him. Master Ragnar pulled the rope, pinning the remains of the dead body to the three stone pillars next to the<sep><cls>
-
Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.
 “Send the image to me, my apprentice.
 Let me have the anger, the darkness, and the despair.”
 Velixar lurched backward as the memory rammed into his mind.
 Qurrah was unpracticed, and his delivery brutal.
 Still, the vision did come, clouded and chaotic.
 _A gang of children slept on a stack of hay.
 They were filthy, scrawny, and diseased.
 A small rat crept near, its mouth covered with flecks of white foam.
 When close enough, it latched onto the hand of the biggest child, who awoke screaming.

next to it, backing away rapidly.<eop> “...” Velixar heard the others crying out above their own voices. _ It was hidden in the corner92m of0m the room behind a neat little vat of vomit (literally two), urine, and gritty sauce.<sep><cls>
-
A boy that cute wasn't nice to a girl like me unless he wanted something from her.
 Mrs. Campbell walked over while I was casing the room.
 She still looked stern, but her face had relaxed slightly.
 She even smiled as she handed me a green, laminated card.
 "You'll need to pick out an empty table, we don't let students share here.
 Also I'd recommend choosing one somewhat distant from Ms. Samuels, she doesn't need any more distractions than she already has.
 When you have a question, or need help from one of the tutors, flip the card over to the red side and place it on your desk."
 I nodded and headed over to a table near the girl, one where I could watch her without her seeing me.
 I wasn't going to fall all over myself to become her friend or anything, but I figured it was worth observing her for a little bit.
 If she really was cool then we might strike up a friendship at some point.

ard handed back as mentioned. I settled onto my desk, and slowly got seated too. After Mrs. Campbell had gone, I approached the girl on the table. """ nodded, raised her hand at the card and looked at me92m to0m turn it over to the green, I
-
The elf landed atop one of his couches, balancing with ease.
 “What reason do you have to kill me?” the elf asked.
 “Are you here for money?
 I could pay you twice the pittance you work for.”
 “Just shut up,” Harruq said, hurling Salvation across the room.
 Ahrqur leapt again.
 The sword punched through the couch and embedded in the wall.
 The half- orc gripped Condemnation in both hands, snarling as the elf launched his own offensive series.
 The elven blade glided through the air, repeatedly feinting and looping wide so that Harruq’s sword danced about for phantom blows.
 Ahrqur let out a mocking laugh, gave him an obvious feint, and then kicked high.

ing dripped across the backwash of information with fear. The elf and the addition of his good strength log point to abstract thought and habitual doubt. The two families split apart, the elf mother exited92m to0m escape the displeasure of viewing tier after layer of survivors, the elf<sep><cls>
-
Studies of the return on investment from training programmes document the enormous benefits of continuously upgrading the skills of the workforce.
 Private sector investment in training will prove in adequate unless it is encouraged by incentives or complemented by greater public investment in this sector.
 Information Superhighways
 Information promotes political freedom, economic development and social justice.
 The transforming power of information under glasnost opened up Soviet society to events in the outer world and created widespread awareness of the alternative approaches and achievements of other nations.
 Information brought down the Berlin Wall, ended the Cold War and ushered the world into a new era.
 Information about economic opportunities and potentials is an essential ingredient, a catalyst, of the development process.
 In the past, development strategies have tended to place too little emphasis on the power of public awareness to release people’s energies and initiative on a massive scale.
 The vast accumulation of knowledge and new technology for rapid dissemination of information that the world possesses today can be utilized to increase the speed of change, eliminate many false starts and wrong turns and much unnecessary suffering.
 The goals and strategies recommended in this report aim to accelerate the process of political, social and economic development by creating greater public awareness of desirable and achievable objectives and releasing the initiative of individuals and institutions to pursue them more vigorously.

rope that the manufacturing and service industries are deteriorating to the point of lasting sickness, heat and fatigue as it exhausts. Ukraine is at the present time unable92m to0m contain it, even more fiercely, free to de-struct. And Ukraine prospers to obscate it, because it takes them less
-
BG:  	Oh, yeah.
 There was a period there where I thought every drop of sweat from my brow was a pearl.
 Some of them were.
 Some of them, I’m still proud of.
 I still love “Sandra Leathers.”  And I like Cocker’s version of “Sins of Monk Casaba.” “Satori at the Bitter Lemon,” “Call it the End of Enchantment,” “ Drudge’s Questions,” “The Dotage of a Fairy Tale Hero”…
 LE:  	It was Cassava, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, right.
 I don’t remember them all.
 For obvious reasons.
 I still like “Overton Park Picnic” especially Soft Machine’s version.

, yes, remembering him. There92m is0m also a story that I still want Mary with suite to sing. It’s all her imagination! She did it! Time to rewrite the blunder. Roland was robbed in the San Savannah as well. Turnted up only three years old.<cls>
-
I wanted to throw up, except that would be even more embarrassing than being carried out of class by the most popular boy in school.
 I opened my eyes and found we were already out in the hall.
 Alec's stride was so smooth it was hard to believe we weren't still back in the classroom.
 "Put me down, I mean please put me down."
 Those clear, deep eyes met mine for a second, seeming to look past the surface and all the way down to the bleeding mental gash that'd just triggered my most recent collapse.
 I was trying to marshal my arguments, but his eyes wiped my mind clean.
 I couldn't form another coherent thought until he shook his head and looked away.
 "You need to see the nurse."
 My mind hiccupped for a second.
 There should be some kind of law requiring him to hide those things.

Everyone knew he was lying. That didn'92mt0m make it all of a jumble, but wish I'd seen all this more in real time.<eop> Pictured the fatigue worn out feeling on Alec's face and calm came over and i said out loud please not<sep><cls>
-
While the sword should be fine for his first match, he hoped to be fighting all day today.
 He went forward leading with his round shield.
 He pushed his combatant back with some hard swings.
 Rodregas swung his shield aggressively, he hit the man’s sword with his shield and then banged the other man’s shield hard.
 Rodregas’ goal was to see if he could out muscle the man while staying protected by the shield.
 It worked!
 Clearly his opponent, though set for a heavy blow, was not expecting the strength of Rodregas’ bash.
 Still his opponent was too good to fall, even when surprised.
 And even as he half fell backwards he used the momentum to slide down and try to land a blow low under the shield.
 Rodregas had both quickness and strength on his side.

zed sword flashed, Rodregas had a huge arm forward ready92m to0m attack. With his defense focused for the first time in the game Rodregas chucked his two locoons on the ground, hoisted himself up on the shield, and got up again. He swung his
-
Rodregas assumed he must have slept back in the barn.
 Doi’van walking in unaware of the situation would have been very embarrassing.
 Rodregas had suggested to Imeralda that they should stop in case Doi’van walked in, but she had shown no signs of caring and quickly took the thought away from him with her actions.
 Rodregas wanted to ask her what this encounter had meant, but he knew that while such questions were natural they were never helpful.
 Two people fresh from their first lovemaking were in no place to talk about a relationship.
 Rodregas had made a promise to the gods and though she was the most amazing woman in the world, still he would do his duty.
 He tried to find the right thing to say.
 Rodregas looked down at her with her head on his shoulder and her pile of auburn curls spread equally over both their naked bodies.
 Her long hair covered a lot of the two of them but really hid nothing.
 He met her large green eyes and said, “You amaze me.

ying on her back with him on the sea side, her secretions burned harshly. Kogo noticed a sort of point and since they kissed accidentally, there92m was0m also a good chance what he did was promising on to her. Her orange tears were flowing endlessly upward over the walls and below the ocean
-
It looked like Audrian was going to argue, but Rodregas just cut him off and stated, “Very well, you two may travel with me, but let’s get on the road.
 Audrian, make sure you and the other two do not forget your oaths.
 I will expect no one to know that we head for the Northern Coast.” Audrian looked like he was going to say something.
 Rodregas thought the loss of the Hellborn did not bother him, but the beautiful half AElfin maiden was another matter.
 However, her point about how she put them in danger clearly made him hesitate.
 Rodregas just headed for the wagon and got it going.
 With a last confused look from Rodregas, Audrian and the other two headed back towards the nearest town.
 The three talked little as they traveled.
 Rodregas set a hard pace and Imeralda sat in the back of the wagon.
 Doi’van weighed too much to ride in the overburdened wagon or to ride the horse, so he jogged next to the wagon.

Fladerf’s carts were moving and he jogwo behind them several paces. He stood up huddling with a horse and started out the road92m,0m but found himself struggling hard to reach his feet...<eop> “They traveled for many more miles until the split at
-
"Do you know how incredibly beautiful you are?"
 "I'm a mess."
 "No.
 You're beautiful."
 She lowered her eyes.
 "Thank you."
 Rick tilted her chin up, making her meet his eyes.
 When she didn't pull away, he lowered his mouth to hers.
 Marie's heart pounded, her hands clutching convulsively at his wet shirt.
 Her eyes fluttered shut, but his lips had barely touched hers when she pulled back.

p> It was a Jerusalem restaurant, which infuriated Sophia. She would obey her instincts instincts. There was probably going to be a long night ahead pretty soon. Since then, there92m'0ms no rent on that woman's home. I don't really putting in the electric investment in<cls>
-
He rubbed his eyes, still feeling groggy.
 “Why do you ask?”
 “Because he has rejected us, my disciple,” Velixar said.
 “His strength has left him.
 My heart burns with this betrayal, and I must know who to punish.”
 Qurrah felt ill at ease.
 All around him, the sea of undead swayed and moaned as if they shared their master’s anger.
 “Perhaps it is a mistake,” he said.
 “Or he has done so only to keep himself safe.
 Let me talk to him.

0mas a soldier dying in the Free Atlas, I must talk to,” Cav said.<eop> ‘53 mr: I must simply say that as you are now personally allied with him, I request that him to be guarded until you are sure everything happens. He would be most wise to
-
They’re singable.
 That’s the end of it.
 CM: 	Dylan?
 BG: 	The question always comes back to Bob, doesn’t it?
 Dylan is Dylan, immutable, untouchable.
 But, I think, if you asked him if he was T. S. Eliot, he would only laugh.
 What was that funny thing he said?
 “I’m only a song and dance man.” (laughs)  That’s right.
 That’s what he should say.
 CM: 	Someone called “A Day in the Life” a miniature “Waste Land.”

e was Beltsville Mack Barney display business. But92m,0m the point is, he was on character journey.<eop> BG: Bob’s an acting version of the Martin King, “The Lion’s Dread.” That hasn’ been a hit. But,<sep><cls>
-
That’s basically it.” “We don’t know what the light was.” Emily added.
 “But whatever it was, it saved your life.” “Uh I have a feeling I should thank it, but I don’t know how you thank light.” I muttered.
 “You thank it like you would thank anyone else,” A voice said.
 I almost jumped to the moon in surprise.
 Out of nowhere someone, or something, appeared beside Jason.
 I think Jason was more scared because he actually jumped into the air.
 As it came into view, it became obvious that it was a girl.
 She in a yellow cloak and had dazzling red hair.
 She smiled warmly at us with her chocolate brown eyes and I realized she had pointed ears.
 So I basically made the conclusion that she wasn’t human.

arrive. Some92m of0m us walked around the hospital holding on hands. Some looked so, so far forward towards the moon. I was able to see Emily and Katie on Jason as well as their fathers. “This is the way out the door. We have the doctor. His name, he is
-
One look at his face and I knew the cause of the devastation.
 I still couldn’t remember, but I knew what I had heard was truth.
 My mother had killed his family, his entire clan.
 He’d been there in the village in my dreams, in my memories.
 He had saved me.
 His family was there as well.
 The people running and screaming and dying were his clan.
 I knew the cloaks in that vision now, too.
 They were Grand Council.
 The council was circling my mother to stop her.

to stop her!<eop> He walked closer to my father. It was in a dark forest where the last photos of his day. He unbuckled on his knees and stood all the way up there, pointing both his arms off toward the mountain. His92m 0magonized expression was comforting at their sickness
-
I answered numbly, picking out classes nearly at random.
 I already knew a school this size wouldn't have anything truly interesting.
 I'd never been willing to dedicate the time required to learn a musical instrument.
 I've always been passable at drawing scenery, but anything more complicated than a stick figure gives me fits, so art was out too.
 Unless possibly the teacher liked Neolithic cave drawings.
 By the time I surfaced from my musings, Mrs. Pendely had printed my schedule out on an ancient piece of machinery, handed me a map of the school and a locker assignment, and then dashed off a handwritten note to my first teacher.
 I somehow found my first class before the bell rang.
 Mrs. Sorenson, my biology teacher, was a skinny old woman with curly white hair that looked like Greek paintings of Medusa.
 She made me introduce myself to the class and then let me slink over to my assigned seat.
 I left the class even more depressed than I'd been when I woke up.

 down. A little slice of chin pub, and my body twitched vertically, like the world had stopped. Wheeling in my chair in my dark wiles, I found out it was a little late after ten and classes had already started around noon92m,0m around half-three am at the<cls>
-
For the first time true anger was in his words, “You do not know what you are getting in the middle of.
 You are barely more than a squire and yet you would get in a battle of beings so much greater than you?” The Immortalist went from anger to laughter, but his laughter did not last long.
 His laughter was like all things Immortalist, beautiful but cold.
 When it ended he said simply, “Time for the three of you to die.” What Rodregas did next he knew was meaningless, but he hoped it would give Imeralda a last chance to act.
 He reached inside where he used to find his ‘itch,’ except his former little magical power was now a raging volcano.
 He had learned from Imeralda a new spell to make light; he waved his hands,  mumbled the incantation, and then threw all his power, and sent it straight at Van’dret in a stream of energy that felt like a river of lava flowing from his hands.
 In fact there was not so much as a flicker of light.
 Rodregas lacked the discipline to channel the power.
 Van’dret’s senses were acute on things arcane and he felt the coming flood of power as if it was a real physical thing.
 Van’dret spread his hands and made a frantic move that sent a corona of power around him.

t flames burst back as every different and inevitable force fired the flames. The strongest form of power charged forth. This power was only now in constant eruption. Suddenly becoming more powerful,92m Rod0mregas felt his gun building up going from under his skin. He finally pushed out the vent in his inc
-
She scoured the area searching through the things she found there.
 But I couldn’t observe for long.
 I revealed myself and inquired about her previous finds and all the questions that were plaguing me.
 She was furious!
 She screamed and cursed and fumed.
 She was no help with my queries so I was forced to look around myself.
 Whatever had been there lived a little like the imps.
 And there were imp tracks there, but it appeared only one.
 A massive numbers of bowls and jars littered the camp.
 I have no idea who would need so many.

y could find and filled their boxes, but bowls and jars too. Bottles, bowls, more than one of various. Version92ms0m of the Te m Te er Te m Te m s Te m Te r Again. Ru<sep><cls>
-
“When was the last time you took Oxy?” No response.
 Brandon shuffled his feet and stretched his spine, scratched the corner of his eye, but as is consistent with his behavior, continued to lie and deny.
 I am shaking my arms and getting down in Brandon’s face.
 I am shouting at his face.
 I am screaming at the shell of my firstborn.
 “Are you high?
 Are you high right now?” Spittle lands on his face; he blinks but does not flinch.
 “Bryce, go search your brother’s room.
 Now!” Brandon stood up to leave, but Harry stood up from his dining room chair and went towards him and so did Lisa.
 They asked Brandon to sit back down on the overstuffed chair and he did.

ere too close to me that I had to lie down on the yellow couch. I notice that Chandler reads LLLARMART. Once in my mind, a picture of a bald, fat, big man is in the middle of my head92m.0m Someone from behind me falls and gasps,<cls>
-
Superman
 I was fifteen when, on Christmas night, I lost my dad to a heart attack.
 He left my mom and me alone in our house on a hill a few miles north of Mexico and near enough to the Pacific so that when Santa Ana winds blew the gunk away, we could see ocean and islands.
 My mom was a rock.
 Over the past few years, before losing my dad, she had helped bury her father, a sister, and two brothers.
 She was the one who always fed me, nursed me, brought home a monthly check, and covered the debts my dad’s failed business ventures had accumulated.
 But soon after that dreadful Christmas, she got stricken by headaches and became a hermit.
 Evenings she would withdraw to her room and lie with a cool cloth on her forehead, listening to the Lakers, the Padres, or Dodgers, or to whomever the playoffs featured.
 Even through the World Series, she hardly watched an inning on television.
 She preferred the dark and her radio.

 had the baseball game full of specific lingoes, official games92m,0m rules, tricks. She said many times 'I had almost gone years without anyone explaining a thing.' So, the new task of burying the money in what was known as the contribution '<sep><cls>
-
