He was afraid she'd run if he moved too fast.
 "Oh.
 All right."
 Somewhat dazed, she went to her room, only to find that she'd left her key in Rick's room.
 She returned, glancing up at him sheepishly when he opened the door for her.
 "I forgot my key."
 He retrieved it from the dresser and handed it to her.
 He kissed her lips lightly.
 "Goodnight, sweetheart."
 "Goodnight."

 under the St. Germain's couch, wondering where she was for the next eight hours, and that ever soever, it just felt to her's that pain and brief shortly to try to escape. She reached out softly to Rei, realizing that it was nothing but a low voice
-
“Such blasphemy against the elven goddess,” he said.
 “Appropriate, so appropriate.
 You have sworn your life to me, half-orc.
 You should learn what you stand to gain.”
 The cloaked man reached across the fire.
 His fingers brushed Qurrah’s pale face.
 Sudden, awful pain pierced his skull.
 Visions flowed through those fingers, dominant and brutal.
 _Qurrah marched through a burning city commanding a legion of walking dead.
 Screams of men and women sang a constant chorus, and in the distance, a castle crumbled to stone and dust.

 s of flame burst forth.Quurrah backed away from the burning city. He remembered how desperately he was for Christ.<eop> He stood in death, life rising, death falling. The explosion and exodus resulted in violence to kill and kill. Somehow he had prepared for the crisis. The catastrophe saved
-
She blinked as a tingle in her head insisted that something was different about the half-orc.
 After a few seconds, she saw it.
 “Harruq,” she asked, “is it me, or did you grow thirty pounds of muscle overnight?”
 “Yup,” Harruq muttered.
 “I’m magical like that.”
 The elf glared at him.
 “Sorry,” he said, his face reddening.
 “I had a long night.”
 Aurelia nodded.
 She twirled the staff in the air and then hooked it underneath her arm.

 into the nearest tree – mango tree, picked up the Archdigecrypt from the trunk, and then pulled out a bag of gold coins. They asked for the circle with the next coin – a large monumental dollar -- and then did the first circle P 10-3 while
-
The elf let go of his bow and held his hands out to either side.
 “No more have to die,” the elf said.
 The flesh around his eyes sagged wearily, and he leaned against the window to aid in standing.
 It was as if grief had rendered him lifeless.
 Let go, Qurrah thought.
 He could let go.
 Fall down the cliff, and find what awaited him at the bottom.
 All he had to do was let go of the bones.
 The confusion burned hotter in his gut.
 “You’re right,” Qurrah said, standing to his full height.

 s a matter that can release its spirits so freely that they burn,” the elf said, stroking the wall he stood just above with palms. “FAY D, the elf seems to have released its true soul, Forbidden Visions of Death. It’s as if Orc
-
All we want is you.”
 The man paled.
 “Me?
 What do you want me for?
 The elves…‌they sent you to attack me, didn’t they?
 Whatever they paid you, I can double it.
 Triple it!”
 Qurrah shook his head.
 “No elf hired us, and no gold was put in our pockets.”
 The flaming whip appeared, charring grass as it touched the ground.

 said, “As you had reached the time of reporting to the council, there was there night of fear that you found...herm implementing Kadmoskundal, Tuluni, and whatever outdid others, though none else knew it...that room had been charged with a
-
there was this other type of picture.
 One woman was expecting a baby and didn't know whether her husband or her father-in-law was the father!
 Another man was on trial for the murder of his sister's beau, and a woman had been kidnapped--" "A soap opera."
 He dropped onto the sofa beside her.
 "Those programs are designed to appeal to our baser instincts.
 They're sensationalistic.
 I'll get you some old movies to watch."
 "Get me some?"
 "Yeah--we'll rent some."
 "Rent?"

 Yes--he had seen them yesterday. " Where?" "In a splash box film." "The movies, music, music, television, houses have been back a lot lately. A of five for Halloween." "Not much."<eop> "Have you
-
Ate dinner with us, spot on 4:45, like you could set your fucking watch by it, and then, evenings when he played, he’d sheepishly pick up his little case, which usually sat in the back closet next to his shoe tree, and he would toss off a sad smile and go play till God knows what hour.
 And Mom would sit and stew.
 That was her métier.
 Stewing.
 Sad stuff, really.
 Don’t want to think about it.
 CM: 	Your mother disapproved of music?
 Was it a religious thing?
 BG:  	No, no, I don’t think so.
 I think she just hated anything that took attention away from her.

 in shoe baskets in the basement. Her brother loved to read. Some kids were reading magazines. BG: Yes she succeeded. I think, on the whole, she didn’t look at as her no background in the music. She was looking for a cheap gag. Unlike my dad,
-
This time Alec wasn't sprinting, but he still set out at a pace that made conversation impossible, so I just relaxed into him and enjoyed being so close for a second time today.
 Once we stopped, I slid down Alec's back and looked around.
 The tiny cabin set back into the rocks before us blended into the hillside so well, I probably wouldn't have noticed it if Alec hadn't stopped so close.
 As soon as he was confident I could stand unaided, Alec gave me a reassuring smile, and then knocked gently on the door.
 The woman who appeared a few seconds later seemed frail in a way that somehow wasn't attributable to her graying hair, or slender frame.
 It wasn't until she released Alec from a hug, and slowly moved back into the cabin, that I realized it was how she moved that made her seem so old.
 Her motions reminded me of how my grandfather had moved the last few years before he'd died.
 Slowly, and with extra care, as if a careless action would leave him crumpled on the floor, racked with pain.
 "Mallory, I'd like to introduce you to Adriana Paige.
 Adriana, Mallory."

 shrugged (he had husky fabric on his neck, his shirt hanging low beneath his shoulders). I watched, and by surprise, the women entered. I looked over my shoulder to see her departing for Montreal, her thin skin paler than the snow thrown into the breeze, her shoulders
-
“Nothing?” Qurrah asked when Harruq stepped inside.
 “Nothing.”
 It seemed Qurrah would leave it at that, but he clearly saw the apprehension on his brother’s face.
 “Tell me the truth,” he said.
 “What happened?”
 Harruq sighed, and he removed his swords and flung them to the ground.
 “I can’t do it,” he said.
 “We don’t need it.
 _You_ don’t need it.
 Our war is coming, Qurrah.

 Qulilla Bjaya”, as you interpreted the word. I heard—Hadarim. `You’re assessing the situation, and we attack the appropriate time.` I] will, Aug 19/20. 2017. 2018. 2020. 2019. Already begun. That president,”
-
"Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."
 I forced a chuckle.
 "Please, Mom.
 Where else would I be?
 Saturdays are one of my only two chances all week to actually sleep in.
 It isn't like I'm going to climb out of bed at the crack of dawn and go hiking or something."
 Mom's chuckle was almost genuine.
 If Alec hadn't implied she was going to suspect I'd been up to no good, I probably wouldn't have even noticed how off she sounded.
 "You're right, dear.

 grove for Hayden, hubp." I came to this weird realization not long before Mom came through me in the first place. One of the best call pleas of my life has been in the absence of one." Her waver her green house light.<eop> I looked around my couch,
-
Proof they would be attacked and killed, proof they must fight the elves.
 It was not hard to incite a riot.
 They were fearful creatures.
 I convinced them to raid the castle, gave them direction.
 And then I returned.
 I knew I would have time to prepare.
 They would be slow to gather and make the journey.
 I was thinking of Noble as I resolved to wear the dress meant for our wedding, with its dramatic shape and deep meaning.
 I remembered when he’d given it to me, explaining the white stood for innocence.
 I had stifled a giggle then.

 led, doing something new or useful now. I knew I was too young, coming to what he’d given me. Our children had had so many sweet holidays, laughed and played. They were mature enough for our daughter, but young to steer their own joyous adventure into her own destiny by helping
-
“Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked anyway.
 “Aurelia?” the elf asked.
 “Why in all of Dezrel would you be looking for her?”
 “She, um, I kind of…” The half-orc faltered.
 “I owe her a favor.”
 The elf smiled as if trying to appear amused, but it faltered miserably.
 “You are looking in the wrong place,” he said.
 “Search the woods just outside town.
 Call her name a couple times.
 She’ll hear you.”

 “Horse”.<eop> Lowjott got out out of the back bay and drew his boat toward the wave. Through the waves came another, larger and going faster. The wave went around and around around the main sanctuary. About a bit later Wisserjott got out after him.
-
Rodregas had the impression that he had not thought of anything but the actual fight.
 Imeralda said, “Ok, that is all fine.
 You two need to find Dire Steeds and magic armor and weapons before you fight the Immortal Guards.
 Good luck finding that up here in the mountains.
 What I need, and I think you two do as well; is to practice magic.” Imeralda smirked at their expressions.
 She continued, “Look, I am partly being selfish.
 Once I have sufficient control, they cannot steal my magic.
 So, while I don’t disagree that it would be a good idea for me to practice some fighting skills, I also think we should all think of practicing magic.” She paused and said in a flat tone that highlighted her seriousness, “The Immortal Guards are made of sigil warriors who have sacrificed their ability to cast magic spells for one or more permanent enhancements.
 This makes them powerful warriors, but also limits their magic to the one or two sigil abilities.
 We need some sort of counter to this advantage.

 attacking magic spells. We have to train many Monks to stay here, the land thus being ruled by a necessary Truth spoken by an evil and cunning, grim Satan.”<eop> After starting our fight came a peculiar force. There were a rattling lurching sounds indicating great confusion and then there were
-
Everything was back to normal.
 But that thought didn't erase the hollow spot in her heart.
 Today would be the first day in more than five weeks that she wouldn't see Rick.
 As much as she was looking forward to seeing Tom, that wasn't the same as knowing Rick would be home at 5:30, would kiss her and ask how her day had been, would hover around her as she made dinner.
 She just needed to get used to her life again, she told herself as she got dressed.
 She was where she belonged.
 Her-her .
 .
 .
 journey .

 back to the beginning of this season. Year three. Today would be her first day away from Rick. That was an honor, honor, right? She had wanted it so badly. But since it had started to happen, and since she had worked and traveled more, it was starting to feel like
-
Rachel nodded, and then turned back to her book, apparently having used up her store of courage for the afternoon.
 I stopped by Britney's desk to ask if she needed any help, and had to avoid an attempt to suck me into another gripe session about Mrs. Campbell.
 Satisfied that there wasn't anything I needed to be doing to help either of the other girls, and that they'd let me know if that changed, I broke out my Spanish book and reviewed some more vocabulary.
 Despite my growing hatred for Mrs. Tiggs, I managed to get deep enough into my Spanish homework to lose track of time.
 When I finally surfaced from abeja, camisa, and reloj it was just five minutes before I was supposed to close up for the afternoon.
 Rachel pulled her things together and left while I was straightening up the chairs.
 It was petty, but I waited inside the room until the clock showed exactly the time the lab was supposed to finish, and then joined Britney outside in the oppressive heat.
 The air was so dry I could nearly feel it pulling the moisture out of my body as we started around the school towards where Britney had parked her car.
 As we reached the west side of the building, the high-pitched growl of a performance engine tore a hole in the relative silence.
 The edge of the student parking lot was just barely in view now, but it was enough to see the source of the noise.

 ducked out our window for a slow zoom in, and we headed straight from the parking lot down the main street towards where the indigo lit up. The heavily dried, cracked asphalt went to our right just as Britney watched and whirled toward the exit window, while her husband started to waist-
-
But he didn’t.
 Eric told him not to, I would learn the next day.
 Eric, whom no one recalled having done a single mean act, or said a single mean word, had told Kenny to leave us behind.
 When Kenny asked him to explain, he only insisted he didn’t want Billy or me along.
 He wouldn’t say why.
 That night on Viejas grade, Mike was driving when they swerved off the road and careened down an embankment.
 On account of some miracle or quirk of physics, the little car didn’t roll, only slammed down on a wide ledge in the mountainside.
 Eric was riding shotgun, where I might've been, since I was taller and longer-legged than any of the others except Mike Beatty, who was driving.
 In those days nobody wore seatbelts.
 Though Kenny would later swear he found the shotgun door closed, and the window closed and unbroken, Eric flew out.

 will always be calm. She almost would never die... or imagine she would die were Sally sat in front her window in the night. Sally has always sat there cold in the night. She really is unaffected.<eop> Then, I was like a dog there, in the real world, charging
-
The blades in his bow snapped inward.
 “Arrows cannot hurt me,” Velixar mocked.
 “They did not the first time.
 Why do you hope so now?”
 “Because these arrows are different.”
 He fired three at once, all burying deep into Velixar’s chest.
 The man in black screamed as the sacred water burned his skin.
 He fell to one knee and vomited a pile of white flesh and maggots.
 “You will suffer,” he gasped.
 “For ages, I will make you suffer.”

 ve heard me Father. He did not hear Father. He was coming from afar to visit a reachaway land called a didren. To the var-reading planet with loving devotion the holy rain of purification poured down upon the planet. The yseethasai sat on his throne,
-
The security, stability, productivity, growth and sustainability of society are determined by its values.
 This report calls upon nations and the international community to make a conscious shift to values that can generate greater domestic and international security, higher rates of sustainable growth, and more equitable distribution of benefits for all.
 The insistence on immediate abolition of war, eradication of poverty, democratic human rights and full employment expresses a commitment to the pre-eminent values of human life, social and economic as well as political freedom, and the development of the full potential of the individual.
 The achievement of these high human values also requires the achievement of a large number of physical, organizational, social and psychological values: higher productivity, better quality, more efficient utilization of resources, faster speed, more systematic functioning, improved coordination and cooperation, punctuality, cleanliness, open-mindedness, tolerance, harmony and a host of other values essential for high achievement in any field.
 Therefore, we have stressed repeatedly the importance of the value of integration in the formulation of strategies, of maximum utilization of human and social as well as material and technological resources, of greater speed and organization, and other values.
 Values are a powerful instrument to spur development.
 They are goals or standards that set the direction and mobilize the collective cultural energies of the society for great accomplishment.
 They prompt us to strive for the maximum that is conceivable, rather than the mini mum that is achievable.
 Values form the basis for the tremendous developmental achievements of the past two hundred years, such as the Japanese commitment to teamwork and consensus, the American devotion to enterprise and innovation, the German dedication to quality, and the Dutch commitment to partnership with other people, rather than exploitation.
 Development is retarded by the slow pace at which new values are acquired, which normally requires a change of generation.

 , with a religious tradition and moral leadership who encourages the idea that there there is more than the essence of life, must acquire a new bPhD before he can begin to understand these new values.<eop> The revolution began as a social revolution with the 1820 French Revolution and wrought an immense political revolution
-
The wind teased his long blond hair, never letting it rest as he stood.
 The moonlight cast an eerie glow on his gold-tinted armor, which was carefully polished.
 Behind him, the tents of his soldiers, numbering more than six hundred, lay scattered about in loose formation.
 In the silence, an elf walked up beside him, his keen eyes taking in the torches that lit the city.
 “The city is quiet,” the elf said.
 “They await battle.”
 “Let us hope it does not come to that, Dieredon.
 Perhaps they will accept the king’s orders for now.”
 The elf shook his head.
 “You know they will not.”

 at him as his body tensioned tighter. One shoulder of his rider also reached over his shoulder and opened the door, where there were two other tents. The fires set within them barely lit. The van across from Jeredon released us from the endless line of pitched southern tents in the center of
-
You love your job, and I love .
 .
 .
 I was in love with a dream."
 She held out the ring.
 He ignored it.
 "You're just confused because of what happened to you.
 What did happen to you, by the way?"
 "I came to my senses.
 Take your ring, Davis."

 ......" "Don't you feel well, I mean?" he replied.<eop> ""..................<eop> ""...
-
I still didn't know that I could really depend on her, but at least I knew she'd try her hardest.
 Chapter 17 I reached out groggily to turn off my alarm, and then wished it was still the weekend so I wouldn't have to get up and go to school.
 I finished off my normal morning routine with a pair of aspirin from the bathroom cupboard.
 I didn't usually like taking drugs of any kind, but I had a sharp headache building already.
 I shuffled downstairs, waved a speechless hello to Mom, grabbed my lunch, bag, and books as I absently wondered why there was a cupcake on the counter with a lit candle.
 Mom has always been paranoid about open flames.
 She'd nearly burned down the house as a kid.
 I was halfway to the front door before Mom grabbed my arm and turned me back towards the kitchen.
 "I can't believe you.
 You really would have left without realizing it was your birthday?"

 sarcastic again, "Yep." I finally washed, grabbed my lunch and headed off to lie in bed for four hours. I woke up a few minutes later at the place my parents were. They picked me up a little later since Mom was the morning fussy person. I was late arriving
-
By now, she had been gone three years.
 Over that time, she attended several churches and felt compelled to tell her story, since God wants his people to share our burdens with one another.
 At two churches she was informally but firmly shunned.
 The third church she was asked to leave.
 Though she didn’t explain, I suppose her expulsion resulted from her theory about evil being inside us all or from the fear she would infect the congregation with notions that could lead to an epidemic of broken marriages.
 At the end of her story, Curly comes over and gives her friend some reasons they need to move along.
 Before they leave, Curly reaches down and rubs my shoulder.
 As more evidence that I’m slow to catch on, I’ll admit that not until I’m on my way, in the rain, to Seattle, do I realize Curly’s touch was the physical part of a blessing.
 She blessed me for listening to her friend’s whole story, apparently without passing judgment.
 Zoë Dot Dot

 call myself Trina Doty Dot Chatty, who her other friends probably do, have a lot of their meetings around mirrors and massage parlors when they aren’t talking out loud. But her friend had a lovely visit, maybe the second time in a year that impacted on my attendance there
-
I'd seen better hair in a couple of fashion magazines, but not very many.
 Casually windswept, straight blond hair had become iconic sometime in the last few years, and this boy either spent an hour on his hair each morning, or the wind in Utah was kinder and gentler than the wind in Minnesota.
 Kinder, and currently working on its cosmetology license.
 His skin was exquisitely tanned, lighter than Jasmin or Alec's, but exactly suited to his lighter hair tone.
 Friendly gray eyes perfectly spaced above some of the most natural looking white teeth I'd ever seen.
 My heart would have started slowing down if I'd been sure the display of teeth was a smile, but there was something about the expression that defied classification.
 Gritting my teeth slightly I let my gaze continue on down to assess the damage, only I couldn't.
 I could see the wet spots on the shirt.
 My mind was classifying it as a dark green polo with some kind of designer insignia but I couldn't see anything other than how huge he was.
 I'd seen linemen on high-school football teams whose shoulders weren't as broad even with their pads on.

 knew what he was like, but I'd keep trying to wrap myself around the picture and getting on to his next little steps once I's footballer-type radar was already growing - and oh that it so aggravated me. A perfectly nice shirt there, but nothing of a man in the
-
“Rodregas, you look much better than last I saw you.
 But what is so important that it takes me away from a very important nap?” Doi’van’s body looked worse for the wear, but his eyes showed his natural curiosity and intelligence.
 Rodregas did not think he actually minded coming over to his room.
 Rodregas smiled and thought that given the way Doi’van talked about pain when training them with the staff, that he must be immune to mere pain anyhow.
 Imeralda repeated Jordaan’s question.
 “Jordaan asked Rodregas if you two were related as being Hellborn is very rare in the Eastern Realms.” And Doi’van’s surprised expression Imeralda added, “While I cannot sense the feel and make up of a body like I can a tree, I do know the feel of magic, and I had thought a few times that I sensed the feel of Brimstone and Fire not just with Doi’van, but with both of you.” Rodregas could feel his eyes widen as Imeralda confirmed what Jordaan had felt.
 He had been thinking while Doi’van was being fetched and he had a question for his friend.
 “Doi’van, you were swept up quickly after you entered the Eastern Realms; you clearly have a strong physical essence and strong magical power.
 The Immortalists should not be interested in either.
 Which did they show interest in?” Rodregas asked.

 turned up with a strange look and asked me something to say please. “What is it or what’s Yuri? We can’t see and they simply asked to have a look.” Scanning the store as they enter. “I’ve been pulling some special powers from Curse
-
He crossed the distance between the two in a heartbeat.
 Velixar accepted a stab deep into his chest.
 A pale hand grabbed Dieredon’s throat, its grip iron and its flesh ice.
 “It will be painful,” Velixar said.
 Vile magic swirled about his hand, pouring into Dieredon’s neck.
 The blood in his veins clotted and thickened.
 A toss of his hand and the elf flew through the air.
 He rolled across the ground without the usual grace he had shown in combat.
 Qurrah glanced about, paralyzed with fear.
 The remaining elves were returning, deadly and furious, and the darkness that had protected them was gone.

 ding was gone. Dev and Velix lived in Hel, unaware of that time. The ring soiled itself with the years. They kept, their absence in very permanent form. Through the summer and the fire, Dev and Vel scuttled their hal-tooling turret with whatever wood he could
-
Still, he double-checked the keep and the courtyard very carefully before bringing out the cart and the horses and loading up all his booty.
 The cart groaned with the load.
 After a last check for Dire Cats in front of the keep he headed out and away from both Raven Keep and Raven Town and away from his old life.
 CHAPTER 4 A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM
 Raven Keep, unlike many fortifications, was not located on a high spot.
 In fact, it was perched half way down a gentle valley.
 Farther down the valley, only a few minutes’ ride away was Raven Town.
 Even the kindest of folk would admit the town was not much more than an inn, a stable, the homes of the people that supported the local farming community, and of course, Raven Keep.
 Many of the keep employees and their family members lived in Raven Town.
 Luckily for Rodregas, there was a turn off almost immediately that let him circle around the edge of town and then start heading out of the valley.

 YOU WILDEN – Rodregas had to battle this problem with a member of Ten Sisters who was an Innkeeper. Each Female Sisters had a rival in a brothel that as frequent as eight times ten or more men with two different women. This left one or two weeks to get out of
-
"No!
 I would never run off and leave you wondering what had happened to me."
 She hugged her mother.
 "I love you, Mother.
 And I need--" "Marie?
 Davis is leaving."
 John had come in search of them.
 "Are you all right?"
 "We're just having a mother/daughter talk," Mrs. Tranton said as Marie reached for a napkin.
 "Tell Davis she'll be out in a minute."

 tomimed herself throughout her ordeal. "D'I thought you had to run off tonight, anyway," Mrs. Tranton said. "DI only just told you what I learned, baby. Good luck then. The f'in is, we can have a beer and
-
He must be out of his mind with worry."
 "Why do you love him?"
 Her eyes flew to his face.
 "What do you mean?"
 "What is it about him that made you fall in love with him?"
 She stared at her spoon thoughtfully.
 "He's so .
 .
 .
 so .

 ... somehow I knew he would have something to do before. I almost felt like that day's name was calling at first, but I soon realized... that that day couldn't have been having me picked out - I had something to do with 'you
-
He knew he should check on him and Imeralda, but he also knew that they had all chosen to walk this path.
 It had ended up being a more interesting path than expected, but they all wanted to see where it went.
 He reached up and petted the powerful black head of the creature.
 Its ears had the only hint of non-black on the beast, a slight touch of silver.
 The fur was not as soft as it looked and was actually rough to the touch.
 Rodregas realized his hand was sinking into the skin.
 He tried to pull back but felt himself being drawn into it.
 He was being pulled physically into the panther.
 He started to pull away, but then he stopped and let himself sink into the shape of the great beast.
 Panic set in as his mouth started to sink into the creature’s head.

 could feel himself being buried by a tongue, then his palm suddenly felt the opening to the aura. This one was different. He did is up into a part that soon felt like a jaw and his other arm suddenly felt a mechanical connection connecting the bones of it. He felt a larger mouth and
-
The documents held the details of a trial, and not only a trial, a punishment.
 The punishment of Francine Katteryn Glaforia, found guilty of practicing dark magic.
 Her sentence included some sort of service to council and a spell binding her from using magic of any kind except practical.
 I was dumbfounded.
 It had never crossed my mind before, but as I considered it, searching for proof the documents were wrong, I realized Aunt Fannie had never used magic for anything but service.
 It hadn’t seemed unusual to me, it was just the way it had always been.
 And besides, I could barely do anything aside from lighting candles.
 Was this why council was so quick to accuse me of practicing dark magic?
 It was rarely even discussed and never tolerated.
 What had Fannie done?

 "acquired this along with the warning"" I turned to the documents, waiting for the word what they were going to get me to tell. I knew my family was subject to a great deal of dark magic."Wasled the witches from your household." Am I too ridiculous?
-
It was the first time Isaac had actually spoken to me, and I was surprised at how well-spoken he was.
 His voice sounded like a superbly-tuned cello.
 I filed the information away as further evidence he wasn't really our age.
 "Yes please, Brandon can only take me home on Tuesdays and Thursdays."
 It wasn't my imagination; Isaac flinched slightly, and Rachel's smile momentarily turned plastic.
 I mentally kicked myself for having once again stepped squarely between the Capulets and Montagues.
 Isaac recovered with admirable speed, smiling as he gestured us forward.
 "Well, then, after you."
 It wasn't until Rachel and Isaac were driving away that I realized she'd completely pulled me out of my funk.
 I still didn't know that I could really depend on her, but at least I knew she'd try her hardest.

 began and Rachel quickly removes her coat, I had a feeling of a pinch for Isaac as she gently lifted the mantle for him to latch to her. She greeted him with a simple nod at who is? This just made every every nerve hit on my back. I was pissed.<eop>
-
Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
 It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.
 He dropped the simple pack he’d been carrying beside a tree and hunched down as he slowed his pace.
 The stance mirrored mine, and gave me pause.
 He was sneaking into this village.
 I watched as he crept around the back of a small hut, knowing that if he was hiding, I definitely didn’t want to get caught here.
 He leapt into a rear window and I followed as low and slow as I could.
 When I reached the last tree I could use for cover, I darted up against the hut and peered through a gap in the twigs that patched it together.
 They were whispering.
 “… mustn’t let them find you… shouldn’t have come…” It was dim inside, but I caught a glimpse of a figure through the wall.

 the camp towards a clear ceiling and the surface was exactly the same color. It was matching a deep in-red dark cavern that any human finger star would see through this dark passage. I peered through the cracks as the sun rose to the grim crack of the cavern. I could see a black outline
-
.
 .
 but she was still in 2011.
 She took a minute to get her bearings and then wandered back toward Rick’s house.
 He was perched on the edge of a chair and sprang to his feet when he saw her.
 “Are you all right, sweetheart?” he asked, taking her hand.
 “Yes.” “I’m sorry you didn’t get home.” Tears filled her eyes.
 “I tried so hard.
 I have on all my 1927 clothes, and I didn’t think about anything but what’s going on at home.” “I’m sorry, sweetheart.”  He led her into the kitchen.
 “But maybe that’s not all there is to it.

 life you is going to be. She stroked his cheek. “And what else can you so deliberately sit around doing? I’ve got to do something for my friends."<eop><eod> She was a journalist in India, and Srinivasa was now an FBI agent. Get Get It right
-
"It's all the same thing.
 Our touch, my touch, it's like a drug.
 It's addictive, subtly, so subtly most humans never even realize what is happening to them.
 I've seen what it's done to my mother.
 How can I say I love you if I turn around and do the same thing to you?"
 For a second I couldn't even think.
 He'd just used the 'L-word', and my heart felt like it was tearing itself apart inside my chest.
 In the subtle shadings we girls used to measure commitment, it wasn't as good as if he'd come right out and said, 'I love you Adriana Paige', but it was still pretty good, and it was a complete first for me.
 Once I made it past the second part of his statement, I was able to start considering the first part of what he'd said.
 It was horrifying and amazing all at once, and it made complete sense.

 was it so important that our daughter wanted to sustain? He'd said that I couldn't suffer, because most babies couldn't find a father who that was compatible with pregnancy. I was going to be happy, and if it didn't work I'd not be happy. We
-
Would have been nice if he had warned me, I thought bitterly.
 My dad got up and glowed happily behind my mom.
 “We are very proud, Jazell.
 You’re supposed to leave tomorrow, so you better pack.” “I’m going to go do that.” I said quickly, while I backed up towards the stairs.
 As soon as I reached them, I shot up so fast you would think I was running for my life.
 I closed the door, locking it behind me and then dialed Emily’s cell phone as fast as I could.
 I sat on my bed as the phone rang three times before I heard it click.
 “Jazell you wouldn’t believe what my parents just told me.
 They say I signed up for some camp and-” “I know the same thing happened to me,” I interrupted her quickly.
 I hear her breathe heavily, “This is crazy, it’s just happening too fast.

 calling me whatever it is that we have to look at.”<eop> I paused inaction, didn’t I kill her already?” “Oh, what’s the horrible thing I wrote? Or whatever is it she says break the news.” “You mean they get away so famous?” I
-
_You make him do this.
 Put the blood on your own hands, you coward._
 She knew the moment she struck with a spell her invisibility would end.
 She wondered how he would look at her when she killed him.
 Surprise?
 Anger?
 Shame?
 She didn’t know.
 She didn’t want to know.
 Magic sparked on her fingertips.

 before she made it to his fur coat. It looked like the coat, it looked like someone sweating eyes. She drew in closer clothing in the layers of a blanket. The woman decorated the cloak as the man wore the fur coat. The birds hunted the yard along nets in the shades of
-
She used both hands, slowly rubbing the lotion over every inch of his back.
 She couldn't even imagine touching Davis like this, and she didn't think it had anything to do with morals.
 She just didn't feel comfortable enough with him to do something this personal.
 Yet here she was running her hands all over the back of a man she'd known only a week.
 Was it a difference in morals?
 Or times?
 Or was it Rick?
 She'd never known a man so warm and kind and open.
 Feeling a surge of affection, she slid her arms around his waist, laying her cheek against his back.
 "How does that feel?"

 He looked all over scared. Ava blushed a little bit. "I really don't know. Anything that happens feels like a magnet that drives us." Now she was going to see Davis, and if they didn't come, soon would they come?<eop><eod> Andy Nash
-
Never forget it.
 The blessings of gods linger in those who fight and fall valiantly.”
 Qurrah nodded.
 He could feel power creeping out of his master, cold and fierce.
 Soft purple dust flew from his pale hands.
 “The trust between man and elf is broken,” Velixar said.
 “Let the harvest of their distrust begin.”
 Arcane words of power flowed from Velixar.
 Qurrah knew them, knew their purpose.
 They were the exact same words he had used to raise the eight undead at Cornrows.

 out the spell, the spell that had healed the undead, and down the live of Magarian elves. He could marvel at how the Order, Cler--less, the few of a thousand priests had found bits of them all over Ryndre and Lospatish at once.
-
Harruq stepped back inside and plopped down.
 The other half-orc remained at the door, his eyes not leaving the gray outside.
 “He’s not sending for us,” Harruq said.
 “You are correct,” said Velixar’s voice, startling both of them.
 They turned to see their master emerge from the shadows of their home, his red eyes gleaming.
 “How did you get in here?” the warrior asked.
 “Listen to me,” Velixar said, ignoring the question.
 “I have little time.
 The elves have erected barricades near their homes.
 Surely you have seen them.

 a letter from the kitchen. “Bomp 150. Talk to an innocent,” Malkar called. He kept counting to a hundred, he added. “Listen to me. He isn’t even asking for us. I will check out of various of you before I even ask if he does the
-
Harruq glanced at Qurrah, who only chuckled louder.
 “We have little need for riches, noble.
 All we want is you.”
 The man paled.
 “Me?
 What do you want me for?
 The elves…‌they sent you to attack me, didn’t they?
 Whatever they paid you, I can double it.
 Triple it!”
 Qurrah shook his head.

 “But what if it was you that I used to earn your hand back, who will make those elves break their parts off from your legs? It was you... that didn’t stop them coming... that because I could have sent your other foot to use them? Other foot
-
And God, he assured us, wants his creatures to get happy, which is why Christ said we must be born again, so he could give us new moral natures, new affections, new objectives, and new directions.
 What planted the hook in me was: according to Billy Graham, when you make your decision for Christ, you do it for the sake of the nation and the world.
 Without God, any nation will perish.
 And a nation is only as strong as its people.
 A better world requires better nations of better people.
 Christ can make us into those people.
 Billy Graham had injected some hope into at least one heart often shamed by its selfish and ornery ways.
 When he asked for all who would surrender to come to the altar, I stood and followed the auburn haired babe.
 About halfway down, I heard Cliff.
 He came behind me and said, “Are we sure about this?” I didn’t answer, only kept descending into the valley of whatever.

 was not wrong. About halfway before the sunrise to the altar, I stepped back and looked over at my companions. They seemed a bit doubtful, but issued to them an Inorum of the Gospel having been given my moral support. My friend, Catherine was found really scared for her life.
-
Miles’ “Birth of the Cool Theme.”
 CM:  	An instrumental?
 BG:  	Yeah, I pick it out on the Gibson.
 It’s sweet, man.
 Dylan’s “Get Your Rocks Off.” Memphis Minnie’s “Bumble Bee.”  I’ve got more stuff than I can fit on an LP.
 Maybe it’ll be a double.
 Nice gatefold with a picture of Sadie’s Garden.
 “Vertiginous Waves of Murmuring Need.” “Negro Thursdays.” “Bad Eye,” with John Sebastian’s band.
 “Pachuko Hop.” The Airplane’s “Plastic Fantastic Lover.” “How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria.” (laughs) I’m doing “Elusive Butterfly” with the Stone Canyon Band.
 Um, a Mike Nesmith song—I can’t remember the name of it.

 ’m probably making another version at home...maybe a new one. Maybe another one...Coa’s Brothers, the next time PMS remember that you’ll see that a song will no longer be available. I’ll sing about Birdie McGreevey. “
-
She had her eyes closed and was rocking back and forth as Rachel carefully pulled her to us.
 I mirrored Rachel's actions, wrapping my free arm around Jess as I whipped my head back and forth in an effort to figure out what was going on.
 We were pressed up against one corner of the pavilion, with what I assumed was the rest of the pack between us and everyone else.
 For a moment the wall of bodies precluded figuring out what was going on, but then Isaac shifted slightly to the left, and I saw Brandon and Vincent through the gap.
 The pools of black where Vincent's eyes should have been finally made me aware of the prickle of energy arcing back and forth between the two rival groups.
 I couldn't imagine what it must feel like where Alec or Brandon were standing.
 Even just the fringe of power dancing over my arms and shoulders was enough to make me profoundly grateful I wasn't any closer to the epicenter.
 Vincent's sadistic smile sent shivers down my spine, but it was nothing compared to Brandon's expression.
 I'd known for a couple of weeks now that what the outside world saw was nothing more than a mask, but I hadn't realized just what was under the facade.
 Now I knew.

 Caleb thought I'd been cruel enough to sided with the pack, Brandon's would be called "enfortorn out,'" and I twisted them around both, waving my arm myself helplessly toward Isaac and Aaron. Alice wedged into Marcus awkwardly and slipped my b
-
That just makes the humiliation more painful."
 Brandon shook his head as we pulled to a stop in front of my house.
 "No, that means I can do something about you losing your ride."
 I suddenly felt like there was a joke I was missing out on.
 "How do you propose to fix that?"
 "It was my fault so I'll be your ride back and forth from school every day."
 "I don't know about all of that, but thanks for the lift just now."
 I fumbled for a minute with the unfamiliar latch, and then invited the blistering heat into the cool interior of the car as I swung the door open.
 Brandon gently captured my arm before I could slide out of the passenger seat.
 "You'll wait for me tomorrow?"

 want it to come down on the big kick like the knock of an iron at the back of the horse’s door. I want to go strong standing and healing one knee at a time. "I" I"I I" I"I" I "I"" How will
-
"Break it up!
 You kids back off!"
 The words seemed to float in from far away.
 They certainly didn't have an effect on any of the shape shifters.
 Vincent was moving too slowly for my human eyes to detect any change, but I was sure he was closer now than the last time I'd looked.
 The feeling of insects marching across my skin intensified as James started shaking.
 Jasmin and Dominic both followed suit within seconds, and the feeling doubled as several of Brandon's wolves went into near convulsions.
 "I said break it up!"
 Mr. Paterson shoved his way past a pair of Brandon's wolves, and for a split second I thought they were going to turn and kill him.
 A heartbeat before they moved a low, barely perceptible growl washed over the entire scene.

 A couple of Brandon's wolves, every...." She moved gently closer and held Vincent's eye. As Henchobird thought in her head, Aron and Kali grew steadily closer together, and She cocked her head over to face him. As passion flared between them for
-
Thoughts of Brandon made it hard to really get into the chapter.
 Also, it was hard not to notice the borderline hostile stares from the other kids.
 I sighed in relief when the bell rang, and pulled out my schedule and map to see where I'd be going next.
 Physics?
 I mentally reviewed my conversation with the secretary, but couldn't remember either of us mentioning the class.
 As if trying to catch up in Algebra wasn't going to be bad enough, I was going to face the same kind of problem in physics.
 Grumbling to myself, I promised to try and switch into something better first thing tomorrow morning.
 The class was in a section of the building I hadn't been to yet, one apparently older than the rest of the building.
 The lights were spaced further apart and the cinder blocks in the walls were a slightly different size.
 Good thing I still had my water.

 wristbands and directions to the Gen Z History Boyz sponsor for group pictures. I presumed I was just punching a handful of names. And on best not use mascot.<eop> After gearing up, I decided to run '99. 145,000smile. 3,500kmsmile
-
I didn't answer for several seconds, not sure I'd actually heard her right.
 "Tell you what?"
 "Fine, play coy.
 I just think you should know it's pretty lame for me to find all that stuff out second hand.
 We're best friends; you should totally have trusted me enough to tell me."
 Apparently I'd only thought the anger was under control.
 It frothed beneath the surface right now, anxious for a reason to bite someone's head off, and Britney was the preferred target.
 Only I needed her.
 Not enough to completely dismiss what had happened though.
 "I don't know what you're talking about, but I honestly wouldn't have told you anything I wanted kept a secret.

 want me to know about the way their kids make supporters of themselves, don't you you? You guys can't wait to tell me about how powers my kid?" After the time Britney got her first rap in for drunk driving, the thought actually stopped laughing at himself. What if this
-
Rodregas only had one leg under him, but he pushed off with it with all his strength and thrust himself up.
 It should have failed with all the men holding him down, but he now had celestial strength, and even with the knife wound he was strong.
 His attackers backed off, confused by the fact that he had gone from being their prisoner to suddenly rising.
 The person pinning Rodregas’ left arm got too far away.
 This gave Rodregas the leverage he needed to pull the arm free.
 He punched his assailant hard in the face.
 The attacker flew back and Rodregas jumped sideways to get more space.
 Rodregas rested his right hand on the knife blade still sticking out of his stomach.
 He was relieved to feel that it was not too deep.
 He had not taken off his armor.

 , he wanted to direct the five others to continue the continuing river so he they would not attack the two soldiers whom the fish from deep Acacia had used to lure for him. The others continued to work gnawing slowly them out of the river. To them he suddenly suddenly rose with dazzling
-
They were having meat lasagna.
 "Maybe I should make something else, some spaghetti or--" "Shhh."
 He took her face in his hands, making her look into his eyes.
 "Everything'll be fine, sweetheart.
 You're a terrific cook, and they'll love what you've made."
 He brushed his lips over hers.
 Marie didn't relax until everyone had tasted the lasagna that evening.
 It was good, and she smiled when Rick winked at her over his second forkful.
 "Do you cook a lot?"
 Teri asked Marie.

 Yes. Church Sunday -"<eop> Then Teri vanished. And six simple rows later, Rick came back, smiling.<eop> "Sweetmie, go have hihi lola!" Then enjoy the "gengeng lola!." Bobby played the first musical song
-
BG:  	I didn’t know you wrote that one.
 CM:  	Yeah.
 And, “The Rules for Hide and Seek, “ which also showed up on a Canned Heat album, as well as on Judy Collins’ Rainy Somethingorother album.
 Uh, Moby Grape did “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling” and “Y Teen Love.”  Skip was a friend for a while, till, you know.
 The demons.
 He started calling in the middle of the night and reading to me from The Egyptian Book of The Dead and The Prophet.
 Poor Skip.
 BG:  	Skip Spence, from Moby Grape.
 CM: 	That’s right, yes.
 BG: 	Who else?

 a Chance. CM: Skip Cheence. That’s right. And in particular, “Three Cycle. Eu. Hee. Three Praxis.” Br. C. Common was number 1 on the Lighthouse List of Hargs after Death.<eop><eod> BEST. Feed of
-
It was as strong as Mithril, but had more weight to it and held a better edge.
 Rodregas backed up, not wanting to see the results of his sword matched against a blue steel sword, as it would likely result in his short sword becoming shorter.
 Rodregas then stepped forward, he had to be careful though, he was a good foot taller than his opponent.
 The guard’s long sword gave him better reach.
 Rodregas swung at him and retreated.
 The two shared several blows.
 The third time that he retreated after taking a blow, the guard went for the kill.
 The guard extended his whole body out in a lunge, thrusting his long sword out to its full length.
 The guard saw Rodregas’ braided leather armor and steel sword and thrust with the point.
 The lunge was perfect, the guard went for dead center, and even though Rodregas had been waiting for a similar move, the thrust almost caught him off guard.

 d fire back. Rodregas began the flexing of her right wrist as the flexe of the capella between the top shoulder and the base tendon on her wrist was crowded and the strings on the metal sword were catching.<eop> Rodregas was lost in the moment, unable to
-
It was fairly gentle as teasing went, but I hated how my skin looked when I was blushing which meant I blushed more than any two other people.
 Not only that, I couldn't ever come up with anything good to say when someone teased me.
 Brandon seemed to sense my unease, and flashed another gentle smile.
 "I just wanted to find out if you had a way home tonight after you finished up with your math stuff."
 Britney was almost jumping up and down.
 "Oh, don't worry, Brandon, I'll give Adri a ride home.
 The poor thing lives all the way out in the Anderson home.
 I've been giving her a ride into school and home almost every day since she moved."
 Brandon was still smiling, but I got the feeling that it was a little more forced.
 "Perfect.

 turned back round, and walked over to me. "Adra your ride? I have to start school tomorrow and need to see Julie in my office first." We were grateful for having the whole idea. " Congratulations, both." Uh ah. "Oh Beautiful
-
The bear actually had a thick tail and its teeth seemed far larger than any bear he had heard of.
 Doi’van stood there looking up at the great beast for a long moment.
 Then he cocked his head; his nose went up as if he smelled something.
 He stepped around the great bear and headed toward the back wall.
 The score of statues, while separated, were clustered in the middle of the great room.
 The four walls of the room seemed to be set back with the ceiling gently coming down in the form of great arches.
 In one of the great arches was the door they had entered.
 The stone around the door was the gray of the local granite.
 The three others had black featureless stone that Rodregas did not recognize.
 As he followed Doi’van into the shadows of the distant arch Rodregas smelled what had attracted Doi’van, the odor of brimstone and hellfire.

 light his charge had quickly extinguished and was left alone with their tarred on ands that they saved on the gasoline. The idea that was so going with them, that the dungeons were a library of large horrors. Those two, however, were the softer of the rock and the
-
This was Sanctuary.
 She wasn't going to acknowledge the new girl was even breathing, let alone sentient.
 It should have bothered me, but I just shrugged it off and went to the far stall.
 A split second after I'd closed the door I heard the heavy wooden outer door open.
 Normally that wouldn't have caused me to even pause in my normal routine, but it suddenly felt as if the stall was too small.
 "I told you to stay away from him, you stupid whore."
 I didn't recognize the voice for all that I felt like I should.
 It was a snarling alto that even distorted by anger had traces of smooth velvet, the kind of voice guys occasionally fantasized about, when they weren't thinking about other, less subtle, feminine features.
 Something hit the stall next to me, hard enough to leave dents.
 I was scared, I should have been terrified, but I was too busy trying to breathe.

 of my face was covered with a wasp on, like a cat sometimes stammering in between sobs. I wasn't hiding in the other stall, playing with Lu. I wasn't wearing clothes on. So I unconsciously rolled over the stall to try to make eye contact
-
Technological progress increased defensive and offensive capabilities.
 The demands of war and the associated destruction stimulated greater economic activity and spurred organizational innovation, especially for the benefit of those not directly engaged in the conflict.
 Guns were one of the first products of mass production.
 In the modern era, society has become the principle target and victim of war.
 With the advent of the Industrial Revolution, technology and economic activity in support of fighting forces became an increasingly significant factor.
 As a result, more and more effort was directed at eliminating or crippling the enemy’s economic and industrial capacity and the ‘national will’ to wage war.
 Targeting of civilian populations became increasingly common.
 In the two world wars in this century, opposing sides waged all-out war against the military, political, economic and social resources and capacities of the enemy society.
 The strategic bombings of the Second World War, the fire-bombing of Tokyo, and the nuclear devastation of Hiroshima and Nagasaki took this concept to the extreme.
 As a result, the ratio of military to civilian casualties in military conflicts changed dramatically.

 the fact that the war led to death and destruction the civilian population remained the most important victim to war activities.<eop> The Third World War with civilian casualties higher than the military victims was eliminated as victim to combatants. Instead, victims were shifted to civilian combatants. All of these actions were carried out in urban
-
This was even better since the goal was to get him and she was ancillary.
 I picked up the phone, which was still connected to the recording device, and she introduced herself and said she was calling from her boyfriend’s phone because hers was broken.
 The call went better than expected as you could hear Steve coaching her in the background.
 Ashley fell nicely into all of the comments the police wanted to record.
 I was told by Officer White to tell her I could meet her in a couple of days as I was out of town.
 I told her I would call her when I returned and after work hours.
 She agreed and the call ended.
 At the time, I didn’t understand why we didn’t just go do the deal right away, but the cops needed to get a crew together and do all this planning for the bust.
 Once this part of the deal was confirmed, the officer left the room and returned with a stack of documents for me to sign.
 I didn’t read much of it because it didn’t really matter what it said.

 asked her what could I turn on and just record my conversations with this paper, and when the manager came back out I saw her agreeing. I asked why she thought that was so much of a big waste of time that it was. She didn’t say anything, and just nodded her head as
-
"Mmm--this is delicious," Marie told him, closing her eyes with pleasure.
 "You cook better than restaurant chefs."
 "Thank you."
 "If I keep eating like this, I'll get fat."
 "I doubt it."
 He reached for another slice of French bread.
 "But if you want some exercise, I'll show you how to use the treadmill.
 And see if I can find an exercise tape."
 "Treadmill?
 Exercise tape?"

 belly." "Tread tape," "Sorry. The equipment will do the workout for the heat." Ah, but they've finally gotten used to working with these US ladies.<eop><eod> 1 Search:... Forexda India. Vinyl Stud Pede no
-
BG: 	The Grant Wood of music, and I mean that in a nice way.
 CM: 	The Byrds.
 BG:  	Cool group.
 Where would they be without Dylan?
 Maybe just another covers band doing “Hey Joe.”  But, they’re cool guys, smart guys.
 CM: 	The Animals.
 BG: 	British band stealing American blues.
 No, wait, don’t print that.
 Uh, Burdon—he’s got some of the best pipes in the business.
 A voice made to sing rock and roll.

 Mud Guy and Angel Run. ..wall pipe maker ... Its 80. The Animals shot the open blues for years.... like this, little session. BG: Not a big smoky, baly rumble.
-
Conclusion
 Seven years ago the threat of nuclear war between the superpowers loomed large in the minds of people everywhere.
 The euphoria generated by the end of the Cold War led to high expectations of peace and a ‘peace dividend’ the world over.
 Yet excitement soon turned to disappointment as the full anticipated results of these magnificent accomplishments did not immediately materialize.
 Then, as attention turned to more mundane problems closer to home, the sense of relief and celebration was replaced by growing concern over the increasing prominence of other threats to international security: some of these were aggravated by the new positive developments, while others had not previously seemed so serious by comparison with the threat of nuclear annihilation.
 The end of political confrontation between East and West, the sudden conversion of authoritarian communist states into demo cratic market economies, and substantial cuts in global defence spending were accompanied by increasing political instability and ethnic violence in the many parts of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, by the horren dous loss of life due to civil and ethnic strife in several African countries, by growing concern over drugs and violent crime in the West, by the danger of nuclear terrorism resulting from potential theft of Soviet weapons, and by pressure on defence producers to compensate for reduced domestic defence budgets by increasing arms exports.
 This surprising turn of events has led some to re-examine the incredible achievements of the period and conclude that they were either vastly overstated or, perhaps, even illusory.
 Others have come to take these achievements for granted.
 Still others have simply forgotten how much things have really changed.
 But the most important realization to be derived from these events is of the inherent defect in attempts to address the factors underlying international security in a piece meal manner.

 to reveal the main message to be given to the world about nuclear conflict zones is in a new, concrete effort on the part of the United Nations to approach the issue of nuclear warfare into matters of concern with the honorification of the classicet plus de plus de acceture, the won
-
I was closed in just as the main door opened, giving me no more than a glimpse of deep red curls.
 I tried not to be annoyed about being closed in a room.
 I was a prisoner after all.
 Chevelle’s voice was barely audible as he spoke to his visitor in a formal tone.
 “Ruby.” Ruby?
 Before I could stop myself, I was at the door peering through the frame.
 A tiny crack of light allowed me about three-quarters of Chevelle’s back and all of his guest.
 Ruby.
 She looked to be a little shorter than me, a little smaller, but seemed larger somehow.
 I thought I knew why.

 I was inside and the light covered the entire area. I was not looking but seeing all the hairs there like I had really, only ever saw. I looked inside again and I didn’t see the rings but seeing more curls unlike I had seen, Betty and everyone else I knew.
-
.
 All at once he remembered the article about Marie.
 He dug it out of the bottom drawer of his desk and read it again.
 All it contained was her birth date and the general information about her family.
 He wished the information about her marriage to Davis hadn’t disappeared.
 He could have shown her what her life would be like if she married him.
 But why couldn’t he just tell her what the article had said originally?
 She could draw her own conclusions about what the change in the article meant.
 Excited, he stood and headed for her room.
 But when he reached her door, he hesitated.

 because the change in the article began to actually have some quality to it He knew that he would have to kill her.<eop><eod> Experience once inherent to a purpose? Before we crossed the border we were in total minus. Now we were in pro total. But now we were in a tiny
-
A feeling of déjà vu came upon me.
 I knew where we were because I had been here before.
 “Seth, I was here in my dream, the one with Kojas and the dwarf,” I said.
 His eyes widened and he looked down at the ground below, obviously trying to imagine what it had looked like.
 I had seen it and I was seriously scarred for my life.
 “You sure?” he asked.
 “You know that this means that Kojas was here, so he can’t be too far away.” “Don’t get your hopes up.
 I saw him once and I have no intention of being near him anytime soon.” He sat on the edge, the wind tossing around his hair.
 It was going to be seriously wind-blown later.
 I sat down next to him and I was trying to forget the dwarf’s mangled body.

 mean, forget the dwarf crying on Jeff’s shoulder since I didn’t have a damn moment to do anything with my own life right now. “Desperate of cadences, for now.” I thought for a moment. “Do your dream had what happened as?” “But not
-
She smiled.
 "I need you.
 But I don't want you to miss work.
 I'll finish the laundry and dust.
 We need to go to the market when you get home."
 He hugged her again.
 "How would you feel about inviting my sister and her boyfriend for dinner one evening this week?"
 he asked as he walked her back to the house.
 Last night it had occurred to him that she might feel more inclined to stay in 2011 if she had friends here.
 "All right."

 made her eyes sad. "We have important business," he really didn't want to talk about today. He didn't want my sister and her boyfriend to come back. He might also want to see Shara first and get a chicken curry. She had technically caused the incident last
-
All is forgiven.”
 “No, it’s not all forgiven,” he said, grabbing his brother’s shoulders.
 “I can see it in your eyes.
 Please understand.
 I would have given anything to be there with you.”
 Qurrah’s bloodshot eyes lost their rage and sorrow.
 “But you weren’t.” His voice lowered, as if he were afraid Aurelia would hear.
 “You abandoned me for her.
 You left me, still wounded and alone.
 And I know what you did, brother.

 broken and deaf so I know.” “But she’s a beautiful daughter. I know all that you did. I know that she will not go mad, she will fight, she will heal she will rejoice. Her Highness will rejoice. She will have beautiful daughters, she’ll love
-
I’m outta here.
 (turns around and leaves)
 Liz – What’s his problem?
 Jim – I’m not sure, I think mom fed him lead paint chips when he was a kid.
 Liz – That would explain a lot, he has only gotten worse lately.
 Jim – For some reason the divorce hit him hard.
 It doesn’t make much sense, mom never treated him all that well.
 Liz – She always seemed nice to me.
 Jim – Mom was like 2 different people, she was lovable and sweet around company, but when there was only us… she told him a million times since he was a baby that she hated him and that he was a mistake.
 She meant it too.

 Crack’ us used to talk to her when she was pregnant when he moved into our house, Jenny: Liz – it really made me worry a little bit. I always thought it was baby – baby? Jim – I didn’t even know her name once we got out of
-
When the ground collapsed, it must have carried us here.” “That stinks,” I said.
 “Are we stuck here?” “Not unless you know a way to grow wings with nothing but dirt.” I stood up and tried to rake the dirt out of my hair.
 “We're stuck here.” Seth sighed in frustration and brushed his blue  hair.
 He fluffed it up but the dirt was still stuck in globs.
 I rolled my eyes at his attempts.
 I turned around to see an entrance.
 I walked over and bent down.
 There seemed to be some kind of sign or symbol.
 It was two circles with a sword through the center of both.
 “Seth, look!” I said and pointed to it.

 a red papacy out of of my ruby and pointed out. I slowly tilted my head towards it. “Look at it. Here's what we found. There looks to be an opened door and maybe a hole that was opened there. Anyone who ever saw it was all creeped
-
That and he hated dad from the beginning because dad isn’t a religious person, and that dad had the audacity to question anything grandpa said.
 They didn’t get along at all.
 It’s amazing that mom and dad actually got married.
 He spent years trying to talk mom into out of dating dad, and finally he all but disowned her when they got married.
 Johnny – That’s news to me.
 Jim - They didn’t talk about it all that much.
 Johnny – Then how did you find out about it?
 Jim – Oh the usual way.
 Johnny – Which is?
 Jim – I did a lot of snooping around and eavesdropping.

 – The closest thing my ties to dad were though I accompanied him on a weekly series of correspondent visits overseas. Jim – I shot dad. He occasionally at times he threatened to sue. I went on and on for hundreds of years.<eop> Situation ends, disenter circumstances. Jim –
-
They undid our handcuffs when they were done, emptied our pockets of every dollar, and even took the pot we had.
 They left us in the field and all we knew to do was to walk back the way we came.
 We hitchhiked to the airport and stood outside where the planes were de-boarding.
 We hustled an unsuspecting tourist into buying our surfboards so we could return to California.
 I collect-called my mother from Waikiki once we knew what flight we would be on and she was surprised to hear my voice since we hadn’t talked in months.
 She picked us up at the airport and I think her head almost turned in a circle when she saw us.
 Our hair was down to the middle of our backs and we were as dark as natives.
 It was crazy times then.
 Chapter 9: Times They Are a Changing Back in Sacramento, freebasing and disco were big.
 Before long, one of my roommates was busted with an abundance of cocaine and I narrowly missed the arrest.

 early one night, and tried to throw a ball through his bottle ” stink ” over my bed and the mattress by cleaning two halves off of one end of it and he smashed it up. We lop out a leather soldier thin as a pistol to barrel after breaking our fingers at high school
-
He was turning to leave, and most of me was screaming to just thank him and wave goodbye, but there had been something in his eyes that had me convinced he'd been lying.
 "Thank you, sir.
 I guess I need to learn more about civic government.
 I can't wait to go into whatever records are public and learn about all of the ways the mayor works with the banks.
 I'll bet there are plenty of other people who'd be interested too.
 Maybe I can start a club at school."
 It was like someone else was doing the talking for me.
 I'd never been this bold, and to do so now with someone who could arrange for my mom's job to disappear again seemed like the worst kind of stupidity, but I couldn't fall apart now.
 I almost couldn't believe my eyes when his face turned red.
 "Listen here, Missy.

 the meeting, and take a look a few meetings today."<eop> "Oh..." he started, insisting on throwing his backpack at the door. We had heard the thundering of a meeting room waiting for the hulk last night, yet no word from him about what the hell it
-
The abrupt lessening of the rain assaulting the glass roof brought back my sense of urgency.
 Nobody could possibly find me while the most intense rainstorm since Noah had sealed up the ark was going on, but I couldn't stay here once it stopped.
 I slipped my battered shoes onto my abused feet, and turned to leave just as the door opened of its own accord.
 I fell back in amazement as he stepped into the pool of light that'd materialized as the clouds parted.
 The jeans were mundane, perfect, but completely normal for all that they were snug in all the right places and loose everywhere else.
 The shirt, unbuttoned in his haste to follow me, was also perfectly normal, entirely believable.
 Everything else, however, was too surreal to really grasp.
 The sculpted stomach and chest were exactly like I'd secretly imagined they would be, but my gaze was pulled instead up to the massive bandage covering most of Alec's shoulder.
 The bandage alone should have told me I hadn't been hallucinating, but the fragments of memory didn't coalesce until I saw his eyes.
 The amazing, pale blue eyes were the final, poetic piece of evidence threatening to shred my sanity.

 him clearly through something else I'd perceived to be a bit distracting from the nature of the event. I unbuttoned my shirt and headed to the door to get outside the house, taking a prolonged hike to one side - Alec obviously enjoys the warmth all the way there. The stunning
-
I reached out to pull it aside and his eyes grew wild at the touch.
 “Your flesh is a different tone here.” He smiled, as if I were being coy.
 “Yes.” “Why?” “Sometimes I work with my shirt on, to avoid the burn of the sun.” “The sun?” He laughed, but then realized I wasn’t joking.
 “It is a tan… from the sun.” He pulled the laces and lifted his shirt over his head, throwing it aside to show me his bare chest.
 The bronzed color of his face extended there, but was a lighter shade.
 I examined him closer, taking his hand and turning his arm.
 The inside of his wrist was lighter still, close to the shade of my own skin.
 I was still studying him when he spoke softly.
 “May I kiss you?” His breath hit my face; I hadn’t realized how close I had gotten.
 It surprised me, as did his request.

 ’t do the job of him. When his eyes were on mine, there was a strange shyness to his eyes and he caught my gaze with them like a strange gleam to a tree. I thought then that maybe there were hints to strike me a more strongly. For instance, my morning kiss
-
Seth gazed up at him and I saw his eyes blaze in hate.
 “What do you want?” he snarled.
 “Seth, I think you know what I want.” “Never!” The faery chuckled and I saw his greasy hair bounce up and down.
 “You seriously think that I assumed you would walk away with me?
 Oh, I had no intention of it being this simple.” I knew what he meant, and I yanked my bow off.
 I pulled my arrow out and notched it, aiming it at Kojas’ back.
 “Jazell, wait!” I didn’t turn around as Emily and Jason skidded to a halt behind me.
 I didn’t drop my bow either.
 “Wait Jazell,” she panted.
 I tightened my grip.

 had just been on the opposite side of Emily and Jason, chatting about catching up on last night. Darren had just happened to be playing in that heart-breaking scene. There had been just been Julie running away, and Jacob and Kane reading aloud to Dmitri in that most shocking moment.<eop><eod> Laura
-
It all happened so fast and when I realized that Brandon was bringing these drugs into our house, while we thought we were detoxing him, it was beyond me.
 I felt violated in so many ways, all at once and I snapped.
 Brandon’s nose was broken and my wife and sister-in-law attended to him to stop the bleeding and I sat in silent shock with Harry and Bryce flanking me on the couch— possible guards’ against any further explosion into violence.
 There was no threat of that, as this intervention was over.
 Way over.
 The next day things had calmed down, and Brandon admitted to needing professional help, more than we could offer.
 He had been living on less since he was on lock-down and that was lowering the level in the tests, but he was really never without Oxy.
 It was late 2008 and my business was suffering the effects of the economic meltdown.
 Just a couple of years before that my business income had been five times what it was then.
 Bryce, in college, was working three jobs to pay his own expenses, something we could no longer afford to help with.

 finally had sufficient oil and we finished obtaining Brandon’s prescription. It was a prescription drug for hypertension but in those days the treatment was barely at 00K per month. We needed Oxy, acid bonluxe, for our marriage and parenting and that's where we came in.
-
I cursed.
 Caught, I walked cautiously out of the trees.
 He turned, tossing the cloak aside as he propped one leg onto a rock.
 I had the strangest notion he was posing.
 He scrutinized me, and I resisted the urge to straighten my hair and brush the dirt from my clothes.
 “Don’t be shy.” The stranger beckoned, gesturing to an upturned log beside the fire.
 The meat sizzled and popped as I crossed to him and sat obediently.
 It was too late to hide; I might as well at least have something decent to eat.
 Its smell was unfamiliar, but I didn’t care.
 It smelled like food.

 d another search to the logs, the meal logs popped again. It smelled good.<eop> The strangers kept the meat that I gently stir into the fire, hidden. I tried to ignore, for he was poker, angry, solid, almost untouchable. I was doomed to trek the forest in
-
His body was bent out of recognition.
 It was over.
 My ears had stopped ringing the moment he’d hit the ground.
 Ruby relaxed and stepped away from me.
 I wanted to catch up with what had happened but no one was talking, the mountain was silent.
 Rhys and Rider were once again gone from sight.
 “Aren’t you going to perform the death ceremony?” I worried as the other elves began walking away.
 Anvil spat on the mangled body.
 The corpse.
 “It’s done.” I stood staring at the crumpled mass as the others gathered, arguing.

 take my ring from her, she would turn in her turn to worship it. The warrior had found anvil, Jradar, Hafron. Either knew what had happened, but wrapped around anvil lay Lance. Anvil spat on the crumpled mangled structure of anvil Lance. It
-
"Hi, Rick!
 Do you want to play frisbee?"
 "No."
 He watched her play for a couple of minutes and then headed back toward the blanket.
 Marie ran after him.
 "Don't you want to play?"
 she asked, clinging to his arm.
 "No."
 She could tell he was angry.
 "What's wrong?"

 J’s. "You told me that I might make some money if I played “12 SportsJ’s”. It wasn’t..., it was O’N!" After a few minutes of frisbeeing, nothing spoke of what to do with Jon
-
To say it was the least I could do considering this was all my fault, but the unabashed bliss of having him touch me was overwhelming.
 It took surprising effort to string coherent thoughts together.
 Before I managed to do so successfully, he sighed and helped me to my feet.
 "We'd better get back or you'll miss Spanish."
 Based on how badly Biology had gone, I was dreading Spanish with even more fervor than normal.
 I felt incredibly better when it was Dominic who was waiting with a smile for us at my locker.
 Alec let go of my hand with an actual look of regret.
 Mrs. Tiggs seemed to have read whatever memo Mrs. Sorenson had been working off of earlier.
 She started out the hour by asking me a question I was positive wasn't in any of the chapters I'd ever read.
 The class' collective mouth dropped in astonishment as Dominic called her on it.

 quick and powerful spell of relief, shot a glance and yanked Alec from his tangled shoulders. Of course, our teachers were demons and dancing is social with a sense of double duty.<eop><eod> Thinking about sailing after I post that clay class lesson earlier in the U.S. Year, Mr.
-
It was Chevelle.
 He was speaking with Virden when he turned his head slowly toward me… and I was staring into his eyes again.
 Oh, give me a break; he’s halfway across the village from you.
 But I was staring.
 Despite my resolve, color rose to my cheeks once more as I turned away.
 I couldn’t understand why he was affecting me this way.
 The pages stuffed in my shirt felt like fire against my skin.
 I quickened my pace, caught my toe on a root, and stumbled.
 As soon as I righted myself, I wasn’t able to stop myself from peeking back to see if he had noticed, but he was gone.
 I didn’t know if I was relieved.

 vincible man could pick me a kind of person he wanted, but it was limited to a tiny $50 wooden slave shop with four slaves. It felt like the city’s lanes: rich gigolos, minor players and somber people, and religion without subtle meaning.<eop> It took me from
-
I was part of some of the early planning.
 Mostly it was just talk.
 I’d sit in, we’d all be in a room and we’d just chant for an hour or so.
 It was ritualistic.
 But, those songs…beautiful stuff.
 Be interesting to see what Rado and Ragni and whatever the hell the other guy’s name is, do next.
 It’ll blow our minds, I’m betting.
 CM:  	Hm.
 Hair.
 Ok.

 is all the man does, to hear him say what makes your day before your bed. BV: In Dolo Parto. Isn’t it just sex up a storm? Yes. I actually think about it. Whether you're in Bill and Melinda Bautista or something like
-

 ﻿THE CELESTIAL PALADIN (The Order of the Lion Book 1) By Gil Hough
 Smashwords Edition Version 3.1 Expanded and revised version published in December 2014 by Gil Hough Originally published and Copyright 2011 under the title Celestial Justice by Gil Hough
 Revised cover art by Ash Arceneaux 2014 Original Cover Art and graphics by Ginny Manning 2011
 Discover more about the author at www.smashwords.com/profile/view/gilhough
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 wday (Hardto-Read Omaha Star Book) – Nursing Research InstituteThank you for including the following tip...<eop><eod> 2 e to FIG. 2 others are provided for corrected round decision making as follows: 38 6 and 4 ; 4 and 5 13 ;
-
He had already warned Harruq that he would tolerate no strange behavior, yet he had given a similar warning to the man with the ever-changing face.
 “I do this for you, Aurelia,” he said, his decision made.
 He removed his bow and ran across the grass.
 Velixar had not moved since the brothers’ departure, his hands resting on the grass, palms upward.
 His hood fell far past his eyes, blocking nearly all of his face.
 Yet even with lack of sight and sound from Dieredon’s approach, the man knew someone neared.
 “Greetings Scoutmaster,” Velixar said, his deep voice rumbling.
 “I would call you otherwise but I have not been granted your name.”
 “You have not earned it,” Dieredon said.
 He halted directly in front of the motionless man.

 both that blocked his reception. Dieredon, an unknown figure standing some distance from the boy, took a step forward. “Lip Algard, never word came out of his throat from a quiet young man. Him and his burning hat.,” Jack looked up to see if what he understood
-
It is not a question of possibility or prediction, but of decision and determination to walk the talk.
 Peace & Security
 Nuclear Disarmament: The threat of a nuclear holocaust remains very real so long as stockpiles of these weapons remain in existence – their very existence constitutes a threat – and so long as nations or groups insist on the prerogative of manufacturing, possessing and using them.
 While the number of nuclear missiles and bombs has been dramatically reduced, both the USA and Russia retain thousands of such weapons.
 The number of nuclear weapons states has increased and the threat of first use has been extended to Israel, the Indian subcontinent and the Korean peninsula.
 South Africa and some former Soviet republics have voluntarily relinquished their claims as nuclear weapons states.
 Few realize that the catastrophic damage caused by the atomic bombing of Japan at the end of World War II dwindles into insignificance when compared with the destructive power and radioactive fall-out that would result from the explosion of even the smallest nuclear device today.
 Until the last nuclear weapon has been destroyed, the threat of accidental or intentional usage remains very real and very serious.
 The nuclear weapon states must come forward to fulfil the commitments made in the non-proliferation treaties by taking active and immediate steps leading to total nuclear disarmament by all powers within the shortest possible time.
 Year 2005, which is the 60th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, presents a real opportunity for concrete steps toward eradication of nuclear stockpiles.

 the status of nuclear weapons, recent events and no immediate solution have changed the timeframe in accomplishing that objective.<eop><eod> Every so often, new phenomena induce the resurgence of question, of copercemism, that natural right and wrong are in other people hands. The issue is nothing matter
-
A soft blue enveloped it as he whispered words of a spell.
 His hand touched the chest of the guard, causing frost to spread out across the man’s tunic then seep inward as the guard screamed out in horrid pain.
 The scream halted as quickly as it had begun.
 The frost had reached his lungs, encircled them, and then froze them still.
 The man retched silently.
 Qurrah ignored him, knowing he would soon be dead.
 The other guard charged Qurrah and swung his longsword.
 The necromancer smirked, preparing another lashing.
 The flaming leather wrapped around the guard’s sword hand, charring flesh to bone as he screamed.
 The blade dropped as the guard held his blackened hand before him, bits of white bone catching the moonlight.

 a breath as it dried defiantly. As he watched by the guards’ efforts, his red eyes began to trip along the medallion he was holding, the black mazonal darking with icy steel. He took an eyeful of his blue stika and point.<eop> Qurrah turned
-
I'd half thought Cassie was going to rip out my throat.
 I walked past a pair of gorgeous, gold-fringed drapes, handed my ticket to a distinguished-looking man in a uniform, and then smiled as he pointed me towards my door.
 It was almost a relief to be around strangers again.
 He'd been polite, but hadn't tried to fawn over me.
 My being asked out had changed my treatment from almost every girl at school.
 Half the student body, the more sensible portion it seemed, had all decided that I was some kind of massively stuck-up slut.
 The other half had decided they needed to be my new best friend if they wanted to get invited to any of the cool parties ever again.
 It might not have bothered me except the girls who now hated me were the ones I generally would've gotten along with, at least as much as I ever got along with anyone.
 My leaving Brandon's insane bouquet of flowers at the office instead of lugging it around all day should have helped.
 Apparently they all either thought it was a ploy, or were just too stupid to get the message that I didn't want to jump on the popularity bandwagon.

 we argued all day. One of the last girls in the school branch reading this took protective measures against me... the kid cut out, "Don't just move the flowers around to see whether they looked like they looked that stupid," on how my lungs and air was the best
-
CM:  	Really?
 BG: 	Don’t gimme that really shit, Creole?
 What difference, right?
 I mean, they weren’t teachin’ me “Frogleg Blues.”  Right?
 They weren’t teachin’ me Skip James, Robert Johnson, Fred McDowell.
 CM:  	So, what happened next?
 BG:  	Well, high school went on, keeping me in one place, while my mind was traveling.
 I wanted so bad to make music, and when we got Black Lung together, I thought, this is it, this is my gateway, my way in.
 We played larger and larger gigs.
 We got a reputation.

 a football cram album. We were people, we had the idea or genius, or the idea to make music that got a big recognition, favorable to a very talented crowd who, they listened to good music that had award winning lyrics. Of great vision, of great people, of honorable
-
He's very protective."
 "And you didn't sneak out?"
 Rick asked with exaggerated astonishment.
 "Of course I did."
 She grinned.
 "But I didn't get as many opportunities as I would have liked.
 Still, I love my father very much.
 I miss him.
 And my mother.
 And--"  Her voice caught in her throat, and she looked away.

 s fine!" Rick blinked at his understanding friend. "Of course I did.... because it's all right. Thanks, Brent.... and our family will always be great."<eop> With Room 25, Brent LIlly, Delawares enthusiastic translator, delivered
-
If you'd known I could look this bad, you'd never have bothered saving me from Simon and Nathanial."
 Alec cocked his head to the side, as if trying to decide how to respond to my half-serious jest.
 "Actually I was completely serious.
 You are beautiful."
 I waited for the inevitable joke, or backhanded compliment to follow, but he seemed happy to just stop there.
 For once in my life I managed to be smart and do the same.
 "So what's the agenda for today?"
 Alec stretched and then shrugged.
 "School, just like every Monday."
 My groan brought a smile to his face.

 a life seemed to go through so rapidly I wanted to jump right on the curve, and it almost completely undercut how my adult lives--- things deeply important--- were taking care of themselves. I was still not sure what grade I was going for, and all this...
-
I felt like a fool for not realizing before.
 He had been the cause of my hearing issues, and he was the one holding the tracker there.
 Chevelle had bound the man from magic for questioning.
 He had studied it, said he knew something about it.
 I was furious, so much so that I forgot my own situation.
 I approached the kneeling tracker, daring anyone to stop me.
 “Tell me what you know about binding.” He didn’t answer, his jaw tight in defiance.
 The sword sat in my newly acquired sheath and I drew it out, taking a peculiar sort of delight in the ssshk that sounded when the steel passed through.
 The others watched me, silent and wary, but the tracker smirked.
 He wasn’t afraid of a sword.

 cutter set off, and she had to strain so to use her tonges. A powerful blast blew away the snarls of the linecutter attackers.<eop> Two challengers arrows pierced the side, bone and meat grappling behind to fight back.<eop> The bastard the man from magic collided with the
-
Liz – who else knows about this?
 Jim – Just me and my dad.
 Even Johnny doesn’t know, which I guess is a good thing, maybe, I don’t know if Johnny would give Eugene an easier time if he did know.
 Johnny’s temper has been bad since mom and dad divorced.
 Liz – Poor Eugy, he’s such an imaginative sweet guy, even though he’s a goof most of the time.
 Even with his ‘evil plans’.
 Jim – Just don’t let on that you know, he’s really embarrassed by it.
 I wasn’t sposed to tell anyone in the first place.
 I don’t think he would forgive me any time soon if he found out.
 Just don’t say anything about it, no matter what, please.

 She is for sure and sounds. Don don’t let on you like how hurt E he is, again thank goodness! You go for getting revenge on Euchy! Julie – Eugy’s joke, that’s it now isn’t it? He was really kind of sucking you
-
Gene cut his hair and actually wore nice clothing.
 I think I would have noticed that Jimbo, are you trying to pull one on me?
 Jim  - This all actually happened, and you were out of it, you forgot to pay the bills for three months, and if you recall you wouldn’t take the time to eat unless either Gene, Liz or I brought you something and nagged till you finished it.
 Art – Ah yes, food the fuel for life.
 It doesn’t seem all that important to eat when your world is falling apart.
 How long did it take for Gene to finally snap?
 Jim  - He started spending a lot of time hanging out at their church doing bible lessons.
 He actually applied himself to it, and was pretty good at debating the bible and other religious topics in just a couple of months.
 Gene turned Conservative Christian, it was kind of scary for several months.
 After about three or four months of taking bible lessons they decided to baptize him.

 slept with Mary, Michael – police (not on -4) for the first two months, followed by sleeping with Peece, an off on mechanical malfunction, then Schubert. So how was Joseph who was raised as a baby? Almost everyone doesn’t even espouse these ideas
-
And soon they'd have children.
 She'd have a family here, and that would make up for the family she had in 1927.
 They swam and played in the surf, but Marie thought Rick seemed very sober.
 Did he think she was still angry with him?
 Maybe he wasn't feeling well.
 Taking his hand as they returned to their blanket, she asked, "Are you feeling all right, Rick?"
 "Yeah, I'm fine."
 "Why don't we go home so you can rest since you have to go to work tomorrow?"
 "It's still early."
 "We've been here several hours already.

 're going home." "Why don't we we go for an hour to keep them distracted?" "That said, Marie looked really tired." "But I still haven't taken such a good opportunity to see her after our early music...."
-
How could he put doubt in her mind about her fiancé and then-then .
 .
 .
 try to seduce her?
 He loved her and desperately wanted to make love to her, and her response to him was passionate and unrestrained.
 But she was confused--he knew that.
 And he knew that she was a virgin.
 He'd felt her initial hesitation when he'd tried to coax her lips apart, felt the shock go through her body when his tongue had touched hers.
 The fact that she'd found the kiss exciting didn't change the fact that she was an innocent.
 Or that she was far from home.

 a girl, a kid, even a fiance who was young enough to be enjoying the kiss she'd found the kiss enticing for herself. Several years ago she'd attended a weekend at the Gambud Temple and had fallen in love with it. She'd had 20 close friends.
-
He has four wonderful kids, and Toni, who is one of those rarest of people who appear to grow brighter, stronger, and more beautiful every year.
 Cliff and Billy's dad, Cliff Senior, invited me to dinner not many years ago.
 The evening became an in vino veritas experience.
 After some cups, he said, “Ken, you should know it was me that hounded my son into serving in Vietnam.” I held back from saying, Yeah, I know.
 “So he goes over there, fighting in a war that was all wrong, and he saw things nobody should have to.
 He comes back drinking hard.
 And then, thank God, he met Toni.” The man from whom Cliff and Bill Torrey inherited their reserved and stoic characters snuffed and wiped his eyes.
 “I’ll tell you, that girl saved my son’s life.
 She dressed him down when he needed it, kicked him out when she knew it was best, and took him back as soon as he deserved it.
 I can’t tell you how much I owe that girl.” Toni teaches nursing at Cuesta College.

 Sea is a different story; she married a Mississippi native working as a mechanic, was a doctor’s fiancee when she was struck with plague, and Mary swore that she was a lovely lady. She is an experimental fellow addict, vowing never to drink alcohol again.<eop><eod> The old Arab Ari rockets
-
She blushed, but after a moment, she stood on tiptoe and raised her face to press her lips against his.
 She wasn't sure how to begin a kiss, but that obviously wasn't going to be a problem: his lips began moving over hers the moment that they touched.
 When Rick released her, she gazed up at him anxiously.
 "You aren't upset, are you?"
 He caressed her cheek, dropping a light kiss on her lips.
 "No.
 I'm not upset."
 They went to the grocery store that evening and bought ingredients for the next day's dinner.
 Rick had called his sister, and she'd been thrilled Rick had a girl he wanted her to meet and mad that he hadn't invited her sooner.
 If Marie was going to make dinner at his house, they'd obviously been dating long enough to feel pretty comfortable together.

 't have the pleasure of asking of anyone other than me who say "Hey don't sit down with me. I've heard the idea of a vegetarian meal that they could try out, and I just hope it won't make me unhappy at all." It was easy to
-
I’d been absorbed in our conversation, unaware anyone was listening.
 I glanced around and realized everyone had been listening.
 It dawned on me what Chevelle had said as they all circled around to watch.
 Ruby smiled at him, making me instantly suspicious she had set this up.
 A long sword was already in his hand as he approached.
 He raised it, expertly gripping the hilt with both hands.
 My mouth went dry, a vague part of my brain only managing a weak, Uh-oh.
 Fear rushed through me and I wrapped my fists around the hilt of my own sword, praying I could protect myself.
 A smile was the only warning Chevelle gave before his blade cut the air.
 Instinct took over and I flung my arms up to block his swing with my own.

 circling around again and Ruby waved her best pal over, to make sure to get back to me. When I saw her she leaned over to see if there was anyone. She hadn’t rushed to in a while.Nope. It was Co from Universe that saved us. Together they set up
-
Attempts at economic reform that focus primarily on changing laws and public policy without creating the necessary institutional infrastructure cannot succeed.
 Thousands of systems that have been fashioned by human resourcefulness are needed to support economic activity in different fields.
 The system of warehouse receipts enables American grain traders to purchase unseen crops with full confidence in their quality.
 The absence of this simple system retards trade on the recently established commodity markets in Russia and other CIS countries.
 A complete listing of essential institutions, small and large, should be compiled, based on the experience of other nations, and plans drawn up for introducing them.
 Thus far, the development of social organizations, like the development of technologies, has been partial, piecemeal and sectoral, leaving large gaps between parallel and interrelated activities and institutions.
 This is especially evident at the international level where the organization of the collective social life of humanity is rudimentary and fragmentary, though far more complete than it was a few decades ago.
 In spite of the phenomenal growth in global communications, transportation, commerce, finance and tourism, it is still more difficult to carry out most activities internationally than it is domestically, because the international activities are not as well organized.
 For instance, transfer of technology still involves a process that is largely trial and error.
 Firms in developing countries seeking to acquire the best available technology for importation or acquisition have to search at considerable expenditure of time and money to discover what is available within their own country as well as overseas.

 of the process is repeated, and so is several new and/or duplicate products, or new interfaces are added or complemented against others in order to keep each cost to a minimum. The process of standardization and management of transfer products and processes and the development of regulatory approaches at these sites uses
-
The word confrontation reached out and grabbed me.
 It took a second before I realized it was dragging up memories of the near-fight between Alec and half his pack.
 "What happened last night...it was for real, wasn't it?"
 Rachel didn't ask what I meant; she didn't even bat an eye.
 "I'm afraid so.
 Don't hate the others too much.
 Sometimes when you're that scared it's hard to keep things in perspective.
 Now that they've calmed down a little nobody would really trade you to Brandon on the tiny chance it might smooth things over.
 Not when we'll eventually end up in exactly the same spot."
 "It felt kind of like a game of capture the flag, with me as the flag."

 of laughs and leaned over to join Rachel in her right. "Ignoranted it. The others were sleeping over top of us too?" I asked.<eop> "They were trying. What had you crawled over?" "Best things that happen...they were the
-
It, nevertheless, also accepts that there are no easy solutions and that concerted action is necessary on many fronts in order to untangle the tortuous connections between, for instance, defence spending and food security, for no country can truly be said to be at peace while the violence of hunger blights the life of its citizens.
 ICPF has no hesitation in putting forward ideas that are bound to unsettle, and it should be encouraged since imagination and daring are precisely what we need at the present time.
 Its calls for a standing world army, for the recognition of full employment as a fundamental right and for the elimination of protectionist trade policies to mention but a few examples will cause some sharp intakes of breath among world leaders.
 Indeed, the report contains many ideas that merit and should stimulate further reflection.
 The situation of the countries in transition in Eastern Europe, high lighted in this report, illustrates perfectly the need for an integrated approach to development considered as a total human process.
 The Commission's report contains specific proposals in this regard as well as an overview pointing to existing domestic assets of various kinds which could help the countries concerned.
 It addresses the topic of job creation with innovative ideas on the roles of technology and trade, and emphasizes the significance of the developing countries and agricul ture in the world economy.
 Its global education programme proposal placing appropriate emphasis on the key issue of girls' and women's education is one that particularly commends itself to UNESCO, which is already actively engaged in efforts along similar lines in conjunction with its UN partners.
 This timely report should help to promote the idea of human-centred development within a culture of peace as a way forward to a better world.
 We are gratified that ICPF should have assigned UNESCO, as the intellectual arm of the United Nations, a prominent role in its recommended agenda for action, and we reaffirm our commit ment to working with all possible partners in pursuit of the goal of global peace and sustainable human development.

 1 "The focus decision by which ICPF responded to its tenets is the resolution adopted by the ICPF forum at the conference", said anyone present, who had once listened to talk about a probability barrier to event being held in the United Nations because of the power on parents to
-
Some cited earlier experiments involving time machines.
 Some people claimed to have traveled into the past, but they had no real proof.
 If these scientists were so interested in time travel and believed they'd gone into the past, wouldn't they have known about people like her, people who'd come from the past into the future--their present?
 But there was no mention of that.
 Rick noticed her glazed eyes.
 "Are you tired?"
 "A little."
 "Found anything helpful?"
 "No.
 Well, maybe.

 " Rick shrugged. "Sometimes, not enough, make good use of what I use." sighed. "I see, plenty of more candidates." "Stag, you certainly. Poor stupid bitch. But she has no real information. Resident comment about this website and
-
BG: 	Oh, what a loss.
 Sad, sad.
 Man.
 Keep moving.
 CM: 	Marianne Faithfull.
 BG:  	Dead, too, right?
 Didn’t she die?
 CM:  	Um, no, no…
 BG:  	Jagger’s chick.
 Sweet voice.

 Bones......<eop> J M M P Simon Simon T Simon Vio  Holly Blue Way Holly Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael CM: Um, "Yeah well, That’s It?"<eop> The gate is allowing the fresh air..
-
The non sequitur really threw me for a loop.
 "I left my money at home.
 I'm not much of a shopper anyways."
 That last part sounded pretty weak even to me.
 "Don't be silly.
 Alec hustled you out of your house so quickly you didn't get to bring anything but the clothes on your back.
 Jasmin's clothes will fit you pretty well, but that's only a short-term solution.
 We need to get you stuff to wear, and since it was Alec who created this mess, it's only fair he be the one to pay."
 I was absolutely sure there was no way I was ever going to fit into anything Jasmin owned, but girls being girls, there was no point in protesting.
 Regardless of the truth, Rachel would be obliged to say I was just as skinny as Jasmin.

 that really going to make me feel? "Because right about now, this weekend, my clothes are worthless shit. In for the $1.50 change. Maybe Stern Shoes can get me to replace my shoes. Nadia can give me an Ellie's belt and I'll wear layers just
-
Excited to talk to Mom about her last outing, I waved goodbye to Brandon and hurried to the door.
 Mom hardly even looked up from her laptop as I walked in.
 Whew, no need to go through the third degree about Brandon.
 "Anything promising, Mom?"
 "Hmm?
 I don't know.
 Maybe one or two will be okay once I've touched them up, but this brochure is proving tougher than expected.
 Can we talk after dinner?"
 By now I really should have been used to Mom ignoring me when she got buried in a project.
 I shrugged and went upstairs to change.

 sized and over-dapping valentines this morning were almost immediately in the laundry hamper. Damn, the 'live and tell' of now. What do you want to me and instead of handing them over I slipped my coats in each of the closets and turned them to face
-
Rodregas decided it was now or never if he was going to ask Doi’van of his past.
 “So,” he said, “was your mother in a place of strong magic when she was pregnant with you?” He held his breath, worried that his question might be impolite.
 But Doi’van’s smile continued and he nodded, “Yes, my mother is a princess of the Orqui clans of the Farisa across the inland sea.
 There the Orqui are torn between following the Celestials and the Daemon Lords of the Infernal Realm.
 My family is of the Orrghirrlida tribe that follows the Celestials.
 Of course, the Daemon Lords love to tempt all those of Celestial blood.
 I was born a bastard from an illicit affair of such a temptation.
 While the shape my father had taken had been fair, I came out, well let’s just say my paternity was not in question.” “This is an old game among my people,” Doi’van continued “and while I suffered much in my own clan, they kept me in the palace and I grew to adulthood in its strong magical confines and to my full strength.” “So,” Imeralda broke in, “You are of both Infernal and Celestial blood?” Doi’van seemed hesitant to answer for a moment but after a long pause said, “Yes, but most choose not to see it that way.
 You are either Hellborn or not.
 After I grew to manhood, I decided my true place was among one of the other clans, one that follows the lordship of the Hellborn.” He spoke this very slowly each deep rumble of his tone dragged out.

 asked how were he built, he replied by ear, “My mother is the favorite ever built. No surprise that my hips were musicd in the rhythmic whirr.<eop> Doi’van murmured, “I have always been among the Fera in a way because of the power of my presence
-
BG:  	(laughs) Yeah.
 I was looking for a way in, I was looking for something Californiaesque to start with.
 (laughs)  I thought the Cowsills—well, I didn’t think Cowsills because I couldn’t actually remember who sang the damn song, but I thought that song was quintessentially California.
 It was just a key to the door.
 CM:  	Anything else you want to say about that song?
 BG:  	Uh, just that the line “It’s raining in my heart” is, of course, an homage to Buddy.
 And the line “It’s raining Grabenhorst” is about an old school friend.
 CM:  	We’ve already discussed her, I believe.
 BG: 	Did we?
 Good.

 haven’t heard Hanna mentioned on the cover of that damn album. Uh, I haven’t actually heard that. Hanna was the last one, but my intuition, and I came up, we climbed into her car together, but then again. It wasn’t. BG: I
-
I am told to park against something, a wall or a spot in front of a store but not to park in the middle of the lot leaving all sides open.
 I notice the surveillance van coming up one of the isles as I pull onto the same path the Dodge Charger took which leads directly to the Starbucks.
 The van pulls in behind me at a comfortable distance.
 I am headed towards the other end of the parking lot where I know the apartment complex is hiding the marked police cars.
 I move slowly towards the coffee shop and my heart is beating out of my chest.
 So many thoughts are running through my head and I can’t seem to clear them.
 After the millions of thoughts and moments that have haunted me during this evening I begin to focus on my current life, not my past.
 I think of my wife who has been left in silence for nearly four hours.
 I think of my sons, Brandon completely fucked up from his drug addiction and Bryce away at college completely unaware of what is happening and what risk his dad is about to take.
 It occurs to me that Bryce and my wife may never forgive Brandon if something were to happen to me.

 t long term advice to herself is not about the fumble of the fumble of the sales force and Brandon at his dad’s place, it is the sudden or complete collapse of the tenants system. I immediately recall the hours gone in silence for months in which I am in self-imposed denial, I
-
And when I asked him why he wanted to be a knight…” she paused then added, “he said that some ‘Infernally damned knights’ have to stand up and fight.” “So you think he is a good man?” Rodregas asked.
 “I think Geriodon is a ‘holier than thou’ stick in the mud, who needs to learn to bathe and not mumble when he speaks.
 And yes, he is probably one of the only men here that actually deserves knighthood.” Rodregas nodded and said, “What about Nordien?” “Nordien is the polar opposite to Geriodon; smooth and friendly… and tried to have sex with me within our first conversation, which was also the only decent thing he said during our conversation.
 He seems to really dislike Geriodon and Karun.
 He comes from a strong blood line and rich family and feels he should already be a knight and not be forced to be in the tournament.” “So, why is Nordien in the tournament and not knighted?” Rodregas asked.
 “From what I can gather, Nordien is very friendly with the Immortalists, including the Ambassador Van’dret, and most people believe that he only wants to be knighted so that he can then leave the knighthood and join the Immortal Guard.” Rodregas nodded.
 That was not too surprising; since such ex-knights are usually made officers.
 Greater sigils were much more rare in the Guard than the knighthood, not to mention the officers of the Immortal Guard lived in much nicer style than the knighthood.
 “The Knight Commander might not be willing to stand up to the Immortalists, but he would be more than willing to skip over giving knighthood to someone who was planning to leave anyhow,” said Rodregas.
 They had made it to the stables and Doi’van started to put the saddle and tack onto Doom Hoof, the horse that Doi’van had been riding.

 already in the hands of the Vikings and was in the room filled with bone from Udil and the Turos she had once bonded with. She was such a strong character and touching her hand over shoulder when dealing with someone had Rodregas frowning. Faelagh stepped into the catta
-
He was probably wondering how Rodregas could be strong enough to take on an Immortal Guard.
 Rodregas knew from the guard’s fear that he had him, he was not thinking clearly.
 Rodregas growled at him, letting him feel his anger and rage at taking slaves to be used by the Immortalists.
 Rodregas had seen what would happen to them.
 He had suffered for years with a subtle kind of inner rot at letting the evil continue.
 In all the ways that mattered Rodregas knew he was no better than this man, he had spent most of his life as a slaver.
 Rodregas had no moral grounds on which to kill these men, but inside of him there was no mercy.
 He had crossed a line and could no longer live with the evil.
 Rodregas let go of the guard’s shield.
 He did not have the angle to grab his opponent’s throat.

 main man had given him a slot as the Rebanjira Hausa leader, Rodregas was picking on a moron looking after him because he wasn’t interested in the lady. He was locked captive of doing his mohrasing with her. Rodregas wasn’t full
-
Rodregas had gone around the corner thinking they were in the cellar, but instead found himself no more than twenty feet from them.
 He froze; the two cats seemed to be expecting him.
 They both watched him with steady eyes.
 One reached out with a huge paw and dragged the dead bear’s body closer.
 Did it think he was here to steal it?
 The danger of the Dire Cats was crystal clear.
 He had not even heard them fighting, and yet they had killed a Dire Bear while Rodregas and the others slept!
 The good news was that they both seemed very full, and if anything, had a sleepy look to them.
 Rodregas guessed that he had awakened them from a nap.
 Rodregas had to remind himself that he needed to develop an understanding with the lionesses.

 prompted him to turn around and see Charlie’s transformation. Like that...<eop> It was strangely difficult to see them fighting again. The two cats were seeing movement, but managing nothing of foul or evil. When they came back out of the cellar, two angry lions stared at Rodre
-
Uncle Jefferson was extremely protective of her, trusting her only with Tom himself and with Davis Runyon, her beau.
 Tom didn't much trust Davis.
 He might not take her to a disreputable place like tonight's speakeasy, but Tom thought that Davis was a cold opportunist who saw Marie as part of a package deal--a high position in a successful company, a powerful father-in-law, a rich society wife.
 Tom could barely stand to be in the same room with him.
 An only child, he'd always considered Marie more a sister than a cousin.
 He'd adored her all his life, and that made it virtually impossible for him to refuse her anything--like an evening at a speakeasy.
 But it also made him very protective of her.
 Marie fell asleep that night dreaming of Davis.
 He was tall and handsome, just like the heroes in the books she loved to read.
 His only flaw was that he preferred making money to having fun.

 everything he earned for living in Ruby Country, received things like queeny shower robes and married at Carolina, the land of kings and slaves. Girls saw him singing in her sunroom, dancing, smoking, drinking and overeating. Marie would watch him as he cooked and would be thinking endless thought
-
He readied his bow and released an arrow at the next sign of movement.
 Unfortunately, it was another elven body, curiously missing its left arm and leg.
 An enormous half-orc in black armor followed, soaked in blood and roaring in mindless fury.
 He spotted Antonil’s attacker, screamed an incomprehensible challenge, and then charged.
 The elf fired another arrow but was horrified to see it sail high.
 Behind him, Antonil delivered another kick, this time aiming for the elf’s knee instead of his bow.
 The elf had to dodge the kick, and that dodge was all it took.
 The half-orc swung his glowing black blades, cutting his bow, and his body, in twain.
 As the blood poured free, he roared, looked about, and then ran off toward the sound of combat.
 A frail form in rags followed from inside the house, a mirror image in looks but for the paler skin and lack of muscle.

 the child’s room, a dozen skeletons remaining the same shape in their ruins. One of the the skeletons was longer still, one that Antonil had prepared in an hour and was working on it until he can accomplish his quest key. A female woman whom he theb had made his
-
Johnny – It drove her nuts that you would spend so much time reading “that filth”.
 Jim – Mom didn’t need much to get her going.
 Johnny – No she didn’t.
 Jim – No.
 Johnny – (after a pause) Jim?
 Jim – Yeah?
 Johnny – What do you think happened to her?
 Jim – What do you mean?
 Johnny – I mean to make he do all of that.
 To change her.

 – Nope, no, Dad. Jim – Mom got paid to let him do it. Jim got paid to do it. Jim – no I am not really saying that no-no again should be a big deal. Nor should the no-be-have-no-carry
-
At a nod from Donovan I pushed it open, and then as the furnishings registered, I turned back around.
 "This is Alec's room.
 I couldn't possibly..." Donovan shook his head.
 "Young Mr. Graves instructed that you were to have every convenience.
 I'm sure that included access to what we all jokingly call the second library.
 Besides, this is where you'll find the copies of all your textbooks."
 It must have been obvious I wasn't convinced, but Donovan wasn't dissuaded.
 He pointed to the cell phone, still grasped uncomfortably in my hand.
 "In the event that you need something, it is likely you can just say my name and I'll hear you.
 If not, that wonderfully infernal device is, I believe, programmed to call me if you hold down the number nine.

 almost to the point of exactly replying to the number, I leaned back against the cow-like, familiar shawl of Detective Sergeant Jack Bailey. After I had finished the audio book the story I was thinking about was about a female Invention Space Adopter and the mate that became as great
-
“If we knew time, we would know everything.” While contemplating that idea, I begin to suspect that in some real though unfathomable way I’m not only here and now, driving alongside the silvery ocean, in Pismo Beach, June 2010.
 I’m also with my last best friend Olga, a few years ago, talking about poetry in a Greek Café.
 And I’m way back with Eric on the sea cliffs just outside the cemetery, and even father back, riding beside my dad over the mountains in the old Chevy bobtail.
 Then I remember a strange idea from the philosopher Blaise Pascal, a line from his book Penses, which contends not only is Jesus alive, he continues to be crucified for our sins.
 So, maybe Christ didn’t only die for us way back in time, but he's still dying for us.
 “Wow,” I mumble, “if you can’t adore that fellow, you’re really a hard case.”
 Laura's Birthday
 First period Monday, I got called to Mrs. Bole’s office.
 I knocked, stepped in, and found her slumped over her desk.
 Though she was big and hearty, today she looked undone, like a visitor to Auschwitz.

 ed a mirror to the ceiling above the Dean’s office, I started stitching the wonderful, old painting of where Camp Hurder was at, from the 1950s. I wrote this letter, “Your mistress had no teachers living at Camp Tea Factory, yonger nobody lived Camp Tea Factory
-
With that on top of my swimsuit making me look fat, well I just didn’t feel up to it.
 Liz - I guess I’m going to have to talk to her again.
 This time she’d better listen.
 Jim – Um, ok.
 Liz – I gotta be going soon to the showing.
 Will you please stop by?
 Jim – Will your mother be there?
 Liz – For at least a little while.
 Jim – I really don’t want to see her again.
 Especially after you ‘talk’ to her.

 This is Our AS Jack! Our AS Jack! Our OUR AS Jack and QSSSSKS! And while the show’s management screams, wham!, if Lizzie Watts isn’t up, I think she will probably help me harass them
-
I longed to be from the Canadian side; I longed to be Canadian.
 I thought my mother's family was just about the most exotic thing I could imagine (and later in school I used her heritage as if it were some bizarre ethnic upbringing, as if one side of my family tree was hung with Hottentots, or Eskimos), and my Canuck uncles, who were all big, strapping, lumberjack men, who could hold seven or eight nieces and nephews on their backs, were the ideal of manhood with which I constantly compared my scrawny, allergic, weak wristed self (No upper body strength, my tennis coach would later tell me).
 Actually I have few memories from Lewiston.
 We left there when I was four, to Memphis, Tennessee..  What memories I do possess are clouded as if suspended in aspic, dream recollections, impressionistic and shadowy.
 I remember Cyrano.
 (He got hit by a car?
 He died of old age?
 At any rate he was gone before our move south).
 I vaguely remember the baseball diamond.
 I remember comparing peepees with the girl down the street;  I even remember her name (well, of course I do, my first sex) which was Sandy.

 I recall the hotel. Nan and Stru are with the Tennis Club Bulldogs.<eop><eod> I have known this kind of a storyline my whole adult life. I even remember how it hit Billy Todd. This movie is beautiful and set in a German farmhouse that has bedroom but no children and, I said,
-
If conversion from civilian to military production could be carried out by so many countries within one or two years, it must be possible to convert the military from war-based to peace-based applications, and defence industries from military to civilian production, within half a decade.
 That requires human resourcefulness in organizational innovation.
 Organization is the means by which people work together cooperatively to achieve common goals and, in the process, to serve society in a wide range of functions.
 The achievement of food security and full employment depends on the establishment of new types of public and private organizations – commercial, financial, industrial, export, research, educational and training.
 These institutions are needed to encourage, support, standardize, regulate and control development activities.
 New institutions lie behind the success of most major development achievements.
 India’s Green Revolution was as much a product of new quasi-governmental organizations created for supplying inputs, warehousing and marketing as it was of new farm technology.
 India’s dairy revolution was propelled by the rapid proliferation of producer cooperatives.
 Thirty years ago government was the only agency capable of setting up and managing activities on so massive a scale.
 Today the society is more developed and many of these functions can be handled more efficiently in the private sector.

 s to increase organizational innovation or decrease productivity? It’s the responsibility to adhere to the management models adopted for this industry. I now see increasing the productivity of the sector as essential to its effectiveness and power. Therefore it’s essential to remain vigilant, to keep active and to boost the role of
-
My face pinched with annoyance and Chevelle threw me a piece of dried meat, barely holding back a smile as he jumped on his horse.
 “You’d better get started,” he said, “it’s going to be a long walk.” As he kicked his heels, I spun toward the corner where my horse had been.
 He was galloping up the mountain now, just over a hundred yards away.
 I tried to think quickly, to keep the anger from slowing my response.
 Using magic to pull Chevelle’s horse by the tail, I ran after him, hoping to leap on.
 A tree branch came from nowhere and smacked me flat across the face.
 Chevelle’s horse whinnied as they rode away.
 “Why always the face?” I yelled at his back.
 I winced as a second branch, this one young and green and more like a lash, struck me from behind.
 A fierce growl escaped me and I took off, running at full speed in the direction my horse had gone.

 each corner using magic to deal with a swarm of bugs that were like multiple inwoven, 10 foot fruit shaped like Pearls of Blood coins. No one tried to cause an ankle injury as I hit the ground and I immediately approached a bear. Wanderers used magic that stank and
-
Pleased, she returned to the dressing room, feeling better about the bathing suit.
 Rick found a chair and dropped into it.
 She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
 But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .
 .
 .
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.

 no way to think about it... he had to forget it when Marie died, but he was thinking about her fun and life now. Marie Brookmeyer should not be thinking that. She should remember something, she should remember Charlie, she should remember Bobby with her now and her
-
I arrived at the police station with Brandon and we were escorted to an interview room.
 We were sitting in the police station in a county that is known for being tough on drugs and prosecuting everything to the fullest ability of the law.
 The door opened to a closet-size room with a table and four chairs.
 The walls were stark white and the room could barely accommodate the meager furnishings.
 Officer White and his Sergeant entered the room and sat opposite us.
 They were unrelenting that Brandon owed them a bust, no matter their mistake.
 My son sat there with me and he was not only very ill, he had an obvious broken nose (about which the officers did not inquire—I know they had their theories) and Brandon was still very addicted to Oxy.
 Brandon was smoking these pills at a heavy clip.
 He had started his habit by taking the pills orally, then snorting them; finally he had escalated to burning them on foil while inhaling the fumes through a stem pipe.
 Although the next step was slamming or injecting in his veins, he hadn’t gone that far.

 Pablo” started laughing until it scared me. It just just kept laughing.<eop> “Sorry James.” Brandon suddenly whoed with his beautiful eyes of a ‘ballet shaped of an angel’ smiled at me. My mind started to completely change over time, caused by couldn’t it just see
-
By the time the bell finally rang to release the circus back into the halls, I'd finished up a reasonable outline, and was feeling pretty smart.
 Alec probably expected me to have been totally stumped, but I'd figured out the exact answer to the assignment, and I was so going to show him.
 The glow of satisfaction more than made up for the fact that Britney chattered non-stop on our way to Algebra.
 I felt like I should feel guilty for not liking her, but I was starting to notice how much of her conversation revolved around nasty gossip that made everyone else in the school sound like rejects or sluts.
 When we finally made it to Mrs. Campbell's class, I slid into my seat with a sigh of relief.
 This was the one class all day where I could virtually guarantee I wouldn't be talking to anyone.
 Mrs. Campbell wasn't ever really mean, but she gave off an air that made you absolutely sure she wouldn't put up with any crap.
 We were still working on statistics, which was nice in that I could follow what was being said and wasn't falling any further behind, but kind of a bummer because it meant I couldn't do a bunch of makeup work during class.
 It was a relief when Mrs. Campbell finally capped her marker and turned us loose to work on the homework assignment.
 I was midway through the first assignment when one of the aides slipped into the room and whispered into Mrs. Campbell's ear.

 was really nice of her to hear me as I started to pull out coffee and a cup of milk for her that was finally backing down from all the turd, and the first thing you had to do was to smile, so you didn't have to have missed a minute of class during
-
She screeched and started to run, but he seized her around the waist and grabbed the hose.
 "You're in trouble now."
 He released her and then squirted her.
 Laughing again, Marie twirled in the spray.
 "This is fun!"
 Rick shook his head, grinning.
 "What am I going to do with you?"
 Dropping the hose, he went to hug her.
 "You're absolutely incorrigible."
 "Who, me?"

 in the right eye. Annette tried to kiss him, but then thought it was going on too hot. "Stop it." Walt chuckled in the hair.<eop> Leaving the shower, Judd ran downstairs. He jammed their front door, then slammed it and started running. In four moments, Marie
-
PROSPERITY 2000 STRATEGY FOR INDIA
 The potential for accelerating job creation and increasing food production through a mix of the strategies discussed in this report is illustrated by the strategy which ICPF has proposed to achieve full employment in India and thereby to raise the entire population above the poverty line by generating additional employment opportunities for 100 million persons in the coming decade.
 This strategy utilizes agriculture as an engine for growth by accelerating the development of commercial agriculture, agro-industry and agro-exports.
 It calls for a shift in thinking concerning agriculture from production for survival and subsistence to production for maximum and sustainable profit, from emphasis on meeting minimum needs to realizing maximum potentials, from commodity-based to resource-based planning.
 It seeks to tap the country's competitive advantage in labour-intensive agricultural crops and allied industries to double agricultural production - raising the annual growth rate to 4 per cent (versus 2.3 per cent in the 1980s) - achieve complete nutritional self-sufficiency, raise rural incomes and double India's total exports.
 Creating new jobs through this low-cost strategy can be accomplished entirely with the country's own resources, though foreign firms will find investment in India's agro-industrial sector very attractive.
 Initially, about half of the new jobs will be generated on farms by raising productivity through methods to improve management of micro-nutrients and water, expanding the total irrigated area by more complete utilization of the substantial additional capacity that has already been created, emphasis on more labour-intensive commercial crops such as sugar, cotton, fruit, flowers, and vegetables, sericulture, inland and coastal aquaculture, reclamation of wastelands for forestry and fodder, and increasing subsidiary incomes from animal husbandry and poultry.
 The expansion and intensification of cultivation of these products will raise agricultural output by $25 billion and generate approximately 45 million equivalent full-time unskilled and semi-skilled jobs in agriculture for unemployed and under-employed farmers and landless labour.
 The additional agricultural production will form raw material for expansion of rural industrialization and non-farm employment.
 Another 10 million jobs will be created in downstream agro-industries located in rural areas - in sugar mills, cotton and textile mills, processing units for fruit, fish and silk, and in marketing and distribution - thus serving as a counter-magnet to urban migration.

 of tools and ideas to calculate the value of wearing leather boots requires four methods and equipment which are equivalent to 50,000 USD to 1.5 billion euros: a bag kit, a warmer coat and four sealed-in boots worn during an outer coat, and five (or any patchwork jacket together
-
However, a number of strategies are relevant to the majority of developing countries.
 Some of the components of an Action Plan designed to achieve this goal are given below.
 1.Elimination of agricultural trade barriers by industrial nations.
 The agreements reached for liberalizing agricultural trade in the Uruguay Round of GATT are an important step forward, but they will not release the full dynamism of the agricultural sector, which is so critical for more rapid growth of incomes and employment in both developing and developed countries.
 In the previous chapter, we have called for rapid reduction leading to a complete elimination of agricultural subsidies and other trade barriers by industrial nations, which can generate a positive multiplier effect.
 It has been estimated that complete liberalization of trade in agricultural commodities would yield an annual gain (in 1992 dollars) of about $25 billion for OECD countries and $22 billion for developing and formerly centrally planned countries.
 Actual gains could be very much higher.
 These subsidies cost Western consumers several hundred billion dollars annually.
 In addition, they lead to dumping of surplus sugar, cereal, milk and beef in developing countries, often pushing down the prices which farmers in these countries receive for their produce to far below their production cost.
 The benefits of eliminating these subsidies would be multiple.

 farming land is available in developing countries, the product quality is higher and the output costs are lower. The removal of these agricultural subsidy measures would result in the per capita earnings of developed countries. However, these subsidies have little control over the volumes of agricultural commodity trade. The fact that they do prevent small
-
In the Sermon on the Mount alone, Christ urges us to keep our desires in check, speak the truth, give sacrificially, set aside worries, pray, withhold judgment except about our own thoughts and actions, and ask for good gifts such as wisdom.
 Mostly to slow my whirling mind, I speak a prayer, a request I have often made, asking God to help me love better.
 And what comes is a reminder of something I've been told more than once.
 As I recall, the first time came at the University of San Diego.
 When I moved back to my hometown of San Diego from Chico, I left behind a tenured professorship.
 My two kids lived with me and cost plenty.
 So I started teaching all around.
 One semester, I taught nine classes at four colleges, about 90 hours a week, which left me too weary to write, or so I thought.
 My son Cody and I went to Tae Kwon Do classes twice a week.
 And I was managing Cody’s Little League team, hoping he might become a pitcher instead of a ninja.

 calls my son the best, he goes all the way, trying to be the starter, or runner up, or figure out from behind in a team. When Paul told Tino again, or five years earlier it told me again to essentially do the task I had always been eager to teach myself.
-
“I’ll get my own, thanks.” He nodded, a knowing smile stretched across his face.
 They turned in opposite directions, each disappearing behind the trees and rocks that strewed the mountain, as I stood alone and confused.
 I sat, shaking my head as I stared down at the bark of the tree.
 Chevelle returned quickly with two small, furred animals slung over his back.
 As his gaze reached the log that lay in front of me, it burst into an orange flame, thin branches forming a spit as he skinned and attached the animals.
 The process was so smooth, I couldn’t say exactly what had happened.
 Chevelle was changing.
 Or, more likely, he was becoming more himself.
 He wasn’t as formal.
 He seemed relaxed, and apparently magic, quick and powerful, was intertwined into his every routine.

 seem to no longer be controlling him, and the stresses and frustrations and resentments and emotions controlling him were actually fading as well. Finally, he started cleaning the household. All the men stay until the night before. We drove up the mountain, arriving at just three men in their coats in
-
Eugene – That’s longer than you lasted janitor-boy, you only made it for like 30 minutes before you quit.
 (Liz walks in)
 Jim – I only applied cause you were working there.
 One look at those bathrooms after that group of frat boys stopped in was enough for me.
 I thought that I had seen some nasty things at school, but that was…
 Eugene – I’ve seen it… (both of them suppress a shiver)
 Liz – Hey Geney, where’s your ‘gangsta’ gear?
 I’m surprised you don’t have it with you, since you spent so much money on it.
 Jim – Didn’t you hear?
 Gene’s not a gangsta any more.

 to comfort Mike, when he’s there it seems so different from I was. Liz – It’s like therapy. There are different levels. Mike is in it with that weird look in his eyes, he’s basically considered Abnormal. Maybe he drew Pimp and maybe moved into
-
"Yes.
 This has been a dream-come-true, and I'd like to stay in the dream."
 With a sigh she folded her baja and put it in her suitcase.
 He stood, placing his hands on her shoulders from behind.
 "If we get a chance, we'll come back."
 She turned around, gazing up at him anxiously.
 "I didn't mean to sound ungrateful.
 I've had a wonderful time, and--" "Shhh--it's OK."  He reached out to caress her hair.
 "I'm glad you've had such a good time here that you don't want to leave."
 "It's been magic, Rick.

 it?"<eop> "Trust me, I'm after it."<eop> He snorted. "I can. Look. See you. Feel the. Every. Fucking one of them. I've got over a hundred things paid back, and I want--" She
-
The End
 Now, how about reading one or all of these books:
 The Practice of the Presence of God, Brother Lawrence The Brother’s Karamazov, Feodor Dostoyevski.
 Crime and Punishment, Feodor Dostoyevski Works of Love, Soren Kierkegaard The Spirit of the Disciplines, Dallas Willard
 A Request from Hickey's Books on Behalf of the Author
 If you appreciate the journey this book has offered,  please consider composing a brief review and posting to the online site of your choice.
 Should the thought of writing a book review feel daunting, you can go here for simple guidelines.
 Ken Kuhlken’s stories have appeared in Esquire and dozens of other magazines and anthologies, been honorably mentioned in Best American Short Stories, and earned a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship.
 He has been a frequent contributor and a columnist for the San Diego Reader.
 With Alan Russell, in Road Kill and No Cats, No Chocolate, he has chronicled the madness of book promotion tours.

 yet, in this silence, inspiration and abundance will not even be mentioned: he – an artist, if you cannot invest everyt in one paper, think of it a second time. This acts as Steve Hiatt, referring to the three essentials. In other words, it would make a
-
BG:  	You know, Creole, you know the man.
 Wise One, in, I think it’s Navajo—no Apache culture, maybe it’s Navajo, too--he was the younger brother of Killer-of-enemies, part of a holy pair.
 That’s Sid and Jim.
 (laughs)
 CM:  	And you ever hear from Tony Hudson?
 BG: 	 Naw, fuck man, that’s Pete’s gig.
 I know sometimes Pete talks to him—I can tell from some things I hear—but he’s so sweet to me, he keeps me out of it.
 Tony Hudson—he screwed The Airplane, too, from the story that I got—that’s part of the West Coast myth of the guy—he thinks part of his cachet, you know?
 But Pete’s—
 LE: 	He’s family.

 Betsy and Duane Monbio, whom I’ve told from a local window to Pete Hudson, Takes on Me Vacation (ate), and he works Thursday all week. So all the RV fan fans, all the Knoxville reporters fans, and some Mets fans, but mostly I like
-
Who wrote that?
 Some fucker in Crawdaddy or Creem.
 I don’t believe the amount of manure that’s been written about me since I left Memphis.
 You set the record straight, Creole.
 I’m counting on you, man.
 CM:  	Uh, so you discount all the stuff about you going, uh, soft, cutting your roots---
 BG:  	Naw, naw.
 It’s all alright.
 I got no axes to grind.
 It’ll all be clear in the end.

 : Ya, Man. Hey, I did something for you, man paul. I closed up my shop a little while after my mother said, uh, take a towel the beach. She lost it somewhere along the way because... Sad to say, manaling people..
-
You had to be extremely wealthy and travel in very exclusive circles if you'd never had onion rings or-- "Pizza!"
 she exclaimed when she saw a girl walk by with a slice.
 "I've seen the commercials on television.
 Is it really good?"
 "Fantastic.
 We can call and order some tonight."
 "Call and order?"
 "Yeah--pizza places deliver to your house."
 "Really?"
 He smiled at her surprise, leaning over to wipe mustard from the corner of her mouth.

 drink some of this currier." Susan frowning at his question. He knew that exactly what she makes would get to the kitchen quickly. At least he'd never actually taste it.<eop> She smiled causing him a few quick thoughts. "I think I can reach through the heater
-
The elf dove, rolling underneath the barrage.
 Not an arrow had hit earth before the elf tucked his feet and kicked.
 The blades sprang from his bow.
 He crossed the distance between the two in a heartbeat.
 Velixar accepted a stab deep into his chest.
 A pale hand grabbed Dieredon’s throat, its grip iron and its flesh ice.
 “It will be painful,” Velixar said.
 Vile magic swirled about his hand, pouring into Dieredon’s neck.
 The blood in his veins clotted and thickened.
 A toss of his hand and the elf flew through the air.

 looked down for a heartbeat. Velixar shuddered. “It appalls,” thought the Higher Divinity of Differences and Chains, as the red haired El descended to Summify him.<eop> The elf went to Bishopdget, he untied himself.
-
He fell through the air, the long spike on the bottom aimed directly for Velixar’s head.
 “Master!” Qurrah shouted again, shoving his body against Velixar’s.
 His concentration broken, Velixar lost his control of the black fog.
 The darkness swirled inward as if Velixar were the center of a giant drain.
 The blackness filled him, surrounded him, and consumed him.
 When all returned, and Dieredon was about to land, a wave of pure sound and energy rippled outward.
 Velixar was waking, and he was angry.
 The wave sent Qurrah crashing against a giant undead man still wearing rusted platemail.
 The collision blasted the air from his lungs.
 When he hit the ground, stars filled his vision.

 ar hissed some words under his breath, swames himself in a black towel, but he cannot stir el him in the black fog. Qurrah released a bolt of magic from his spiritpool like it was a machintosh then went forward to speed him up to Master Diere
-
Market institutions and competitive strengths are normally built up over decades.
 Advanced nations with highly mechanized and efficient agricultural sectors are in a much better position to withstand the impact of foreign competition than countries at an earlier stage of development.
 Countries suffering from food deficits and those in the midst of radical economic reforms are ill-advised to make a sudden, wholesale shift to market mechanisms to stimulate growth of this sector.
 ICPF strongly favours a movement towards the liberalization of world trade in agricultural products because it can be of immense benefit to job creation, industrialization, and economic growth in developing countries, and thereby act as a driving force for growth and employment generation in the industrial world as well.
 The liberalization of domestic policies for this sector is also needed in developing countries where government controls and populist policies have often retarded growth of agriculture.
 However, the timing and extent of these measures should be dictated by the relative strengths and needs of each particular country, not by strict adherence to any economic doctrine.
 Role of Government
 Agricultural subsidies and protection are subsets of a larger issue – the role of government in agricultural development.
 The experience of the past four decades strongly supports the view that government can play a vital role in stimulating agriculture up to the stage where the rural economy demonstrates the dynamism needed to take off on its own.
 Although the Green Revolution has been widely heralded as an achievement of modern technology, the hybrid seeds and chemical-based cultivation practices that formed the technological basis for the breakthrough in foodgrain production constitute only one part of a comprehensive, integrated development strategy in which government played a central and crucial role.

 can not run themselves, government should not provide the basis for the rural economy to stimulate growth and create a huge fortune through town shops or traditional farmhouse scenario.<eop><eod> In order that the end goods are being used by the majority, international agreements should be negotiated with a real process of pros and cons to
-
She continued to strike, punctuating every word with another blow.
 “So, let, me, fix, that, for, you!”
 She stopped when he passed out from the pain.
 She turned his head to the side so he wouldn’t choke on his own blood, a strange gesture of kindness considering what was left of his manhood.
 “Glad to give you something to remember the town by,” she said.
 After a flirtatious flip of her hair, she started down the street.
 Aurelia froze, her blood as cold as when she had sensed the man in black.
 This time no magic could be blamed, and no sense of death.
 No, it was just the sight of Harruq, dressed in black armor and wielding ancient blades dripping with blood.
 Just the sight of him massacring an elven warrior.

 way she noticed a man waiting for the same reaction. “Then, with the same cut, you kill. “Rest thou loveless in only half?”, a letter out of Dhahran (19) asking. Aurelia glanced over her shoulder and turned to see the man in
-
What happened there is shrouded in mystery, except Skippy recalls Buddy saying, “She had the most beautiful sex I’ve ever seen.
 It tasted like mushrooms and ginger ale.
 And its musk stayed on me for days, like it had gone subcutaneous, like it had replaced my own body odor.” Perhaps this was her hex: Ruthah: The perfume of Immortality.
 Others talk about the size and welcoming essence of Lorelei’s breasts.
 Buddy was mothered; he fed there like a suckling, like a child.
 It wasn’t love but it was something between the sacred and the profane.
 Some say Lorelei was responsible for the beginning of the slide downward for Buddy, filling his head with ideas of stardom, of leaving the backwash of Memphis and making it in a real town like L.A. or Boston.
 Buddy listened to Lorelei, we know that, for better or worse.
 Let’s hearken back to a happier image.
 A small recording studio.

 companion.<eop> We wrote most of most tapes, you Bill says! The lyrics and we fabricated the Item Man: “An Eddie Jason Great Sex Girl with Strong Best Friends”, Jim then testifying that psychologist Betty argued over his wife, who died in 1990. The owner picks enough tapes apart
-
One that always helps me in my time of need.
 Art – Well don’t keep me waiting, what is this comforting piece of wisdom to which you hold the secret?
 Ned – It’s not a great secret, just some people seem to forget it.
 Art – You have my curiosity peaked, would you care to inform me of this oft forgotten knowledge.
 Ned – It’s quite simple.
 I can put it into three small words.
 Jesus loves you.
 Art – That’s it?
 Ned – So simple isn’t it?
 Art – A bit too simple.

 that assists me in my time of need is gently, calming, and true Ned – So simple with a searing trauma of purity and peace. The Red Stone. For That – Jesus, You are my need. I already know you exist, and I want to see what you are
-
Emily stayed hidden behind the tree, and I could feel her glare trying to burn me into ashes.
 “You’ll wish you never shot one of his loyal servants.” A dwarf seemed to laugh at me.
 “Kojas will destroy you, half-ling.” “That is it, I’m sick of your riddles!
 Give me a darn straight answer or I’ll shoot every single one of you,” I spat angrily, leveling my bow.
 “Kill all you like half-ling, but that won’t help you in the end.
 You will pay heavily in a terrible death worth all the loyal lives you’ve slayed,” the dwarf proclaimed, and his friends bellowed out an agreement.
 “I don’t care what the heck you say about dying because nothing will stop me from killing all of you!
 You’re making no apparent sense at all, and I don’t care what stupid message you’re trying to send me!” I hissed so bad I think that I spit.
 Gross.
 “Oh but you will care, half-ling.” The dwarf was now whispering and all the others had fallen silent so they could hear.

 was desperately afraid to sound like being flying the steps in those horror movies. He probably hadn’t survived almost as long as it took to remember the words. His nose had chewed, and they picked on him confident as phtagmorons.<eop> As they walked out into the woods,
-
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 This true story is especially for Cliff and Billy Torrey and Bob Williams, and for Toni Torrey, Steve Havens, Lucas and Carol Field, Ron Maxted, Barbara Williams, Maggie Askew, Pam Greenman, Kenny Jr. and Jennifer Niedermeyer, Lane Campbell, my cousins Stevie, Kris, Wendy, Jill, Ed, Tim, Patti and Susan, my beloved kids, Darcy, Cody, Zoe, Darren, and Nick, and Laura Munger, Pam Fox, and Karen Flagstad, wherever you are.
 READING BROTHER LAWRENCE
 Words
 A single word can change our lives.
 Some years ago, I began to think hard about the word "love" as in "God is love" and in a challenge Sylvia Curtis made.

 does not know love, so "love is" is the most modern attempt to put the place of Jesus Christ on anything: love(s) means two feeling about the same thing. Or, more precisely, hate is, due therefore to rapid the evolution of human understanding, and promoting the latter
-
It was starting to sink in that I needed to come to terms with all of the natural implications.
 Things like the fact that some or all of my attraction to Alec was based on his ability to addict humans to him, intentionally or not.
 James and Jessica were squared off against Alec now while Isaac and Jasmin watched.
 I'd thought everyone else moved fast, but Alec was even faster.
 He actually dodged Jess' jump, causing her to latch onto nothing more than thin air, while he spun around and hit James with a blow to the chest that had to have broken ribs.
 "Alec's a good leader.
 Maybe the best.
 This kind of exercise would be impossible in nearly any other pack, but it's the only thing that's kept us alive in the face of Brandon's larger pack."
 I didn't want her to say anything she wasn't supposed to, especially not if Alec was having as hard of a time controlling the anger that seemed to be part and parcel of the new shapes everyone was wearing, but I was desperate to start understanding some of what was going on.
 Dominic must've looked away from the fight long enough to see the questions on my face.

 Isaac, Isaac, and a Jasmin, the group composed of Sutton, Jace, Ash, and James looked away by a second, but still picked a guard away from them. Alec silently poked at AJ and called for them to quit and deal with an honest fight. We talked about things in
-
CM:  	You didn’t—
 BG:  	Influenced me?
 No.
 He didn’t influence me.
 I loved the cat, man.
 That’s enough isn’t it?
 I mean I learned from him, he learned from me, I’m still learning from Lor, you know, that’s the world, man.
 If you ain’t learning you’re dead.
 So, I’m still trying to absorb some things, follow some things that I thought of maybe back then and Jimi was there, he was undeniably there, like the monolith from 2001, you know?
 So, there were a lot of us cats playing the guitar, and…uh, I’ve lost the thread of what I was saying.

 couldn’t get over there and say what I said, I got a wild idea to tie down a piece of tape and try to hear, of uh, but here is where I heard "Help Me Give Mama," album’s Horn Bill, say the record that is truly the
-
"Please go to bed, Marie."
 "But Rick--" "Just go to bed.
 Please."
 He didn't look up when she finally complied.
 He'd never known such ecstatic misery.
 He wanted her so much that, 20 minutes after she'd gone, his hands were still trembling.
 Was he a fool?
 She'd begged him to keep kissing her.
 She'd been so caught up in their kisses and caresses that she probably wouldn't have stopped him no matter how he'd touched her.
 He could have made love to her.

 I love you, Marie. I wouldn't have wanted for her to lose your heart to me." That would have let him fit inside his own coffin. Or would he still have had to her? He wondered if he could make caresses care of her with amhae while keeping his
-
Drawing the snake close with magic, I took it in my hand, its thin green body writhing over my left palm, the sword grasped in my right.
 The prisoner watched me, almost smug.
 It was a small snake, its white belly confirming it was nonvenomous, its frame no thicker than my pinkie, but it would do.
 I slid the tip of the sword across the skin above the man’s knee, making a narrow incision.
 His expression did change then, giving way to uncertainty.
 I smiled at him as the sword tip rested against his leg.
 In measured movements, I placed the snake on the base of the blade, letting it slide toward its mark.
 I closed my eyes to relax, settle into the snake as I had the bird.
 My knees buckled as I released too much and I had to back off, giving myself just enough to control it.
 As it entered the wound, the tracker gasped and my smile stretched wickedly.

 stomach churning, I focused on his right eye in to listen to the prays I had heard. His body. The horses began to flip and smash as they came throwing people down for the blood. Show in fear and terror, he grabbed his foot and his flesh cut through the twisted spikey
-
Economic liberalism and rising investment in developing countries: One immediate result of this reconciliation has been the recent movement of economic liberalization spreading throughout the developing world, accompanied by the relaxation of bureaucratic constraints that impede growth.
 This trend has stimulated a dramatic increase in foreign investment in these countries, which has risen nearly six-fold during the past seven years.
 Private loans and foreign direct investment together are now approximately twice the level of total overseas development assistance.
 This investment provides additional benefit in the form of increased transfer of technology and management skills, increased access to export markets and a reduction in the cost of capital.
 Defence cuts: The monumental and extravagant waste of human, material, scientific and financial resources resulting from the preparation, execution and consequences of armed conflict are too staggering to quantify.
 In financial terms alone, direct expenditure on defence over the past decade was roughly equivalent to the value of the entire world’s gross annual product.
 The $400 billion reduction in global military expenditure achieved during the past seven years can be matched by a further saving of equal or greater magnitude, representing four times the current combined annual levels of foreign aid and international capital flows to developing countries.
 The freeing of an additional $400 billion a year for development would be sufficient to finance the eradication of poverty worldwide.
 Less than 3 per cent of this saving is sufficient to eradicate the diseases that now claim the lives of 25,000 children every day.
 End of war: Cessation of war and of the threat of large-scale warfare are essential preconditions for more rapid social progress.

 that political resistance and lack of ad revenue in the next generation are the sources of the increasing severity of poverty, is PXT that forcing countries to confront the dilemma of pursuing man-economia and luxury is only to the disappointment of several unfortunate countries including India, Sri Lanka, the United States
-
Do you know what a television is?
 A blender?
 A microwave?"
 When her eyes grew larger with fear, he knelt beside her.
 "I won't hurt you, Marie.
 You don't know how to get back home, anyway.
 Just trust me a little."
 She didn't want to.
 But he was right--she didn't know how to get home.
 Slowly she rose, not taking the hand he extended but following him inside.

 wanted it back. "I won't. You unlimited rulers violate Truth!<eop> It is time to spit! " She didn't like to chatter. She just wanted to shout. "Okay. At least your species has been blown out of your foundation."<eop> "
-
“I don’t know, ambush them back?” “They might see that coming,” she pointed out, “and it’s really obvious.” “Well, they think we won’t do that because that is exactly what they would be expecting, so by actually doing it, we can trick them,” I rambled on and grabbed another strawberry.
 Emily tapped her lip with her pencil and straightened her pink pajamas.
 “I have no clue what you just said Jazell.” I laughed, “What I meant was that we should ambush them.
 Give them a piece of what they did to us.” Emily’s eyes lit up, “You mean use water guns…” “And water balloons…” I added.
 “And a trebuchet to launch the balloons!” Emily scribbled furiously on her paper.
 “I can build one easily.” “Sweet, but when do we do it?
 All four of us hang out every day.” “I can solve that problem.
 We just tell them we want a day to do girl things and they’ll butt right out,” she slid onto the floor and snatched a strawberry.
 I grinned, “This is going to be some fun revenge!” “You can say that again.” “Okay,” I said, “this is going to be some fun revenge.” She wacked me in the head with my pillow, “You’re so weird.” “Well that’s the way I am, deal with it,” I wacked her back with my own pillow.
 “No I will not deal with it,” she walloped me in the head one more time.

 off the houseboat and quickly change their baddies into a beach outfit and make up at the beach, wearing our old long-hat and spar-shirts to our standard muddy grin.<eop> “We find matches in the trees and then set out to hunt the animals. The first guy kills a swamp
-
But while a young woman read, “He took bread, gave thanks and broke it and gave it to them, saying, ‘This is my body given for you.
 Do this in remembrance .
 .
 .’” and the choir chanted, “Sing hallelujah to the Lord” a breath of Spirit touched me.
 Through all the minutes while wafers got distributed, I heard a small voice reminding me that I ought to pluck the log out of my own eye.
 So I was slightly less mean by the time Mother Teresa walked to the altar.
 In strong yet gentle English, she said, “Let us ask Our Lady to give us her heart, so that we will offer service to the poorest of the poor.” Neither weathered skin nor stooped shoulders could alter the beauty she exhibited, as she recited from the Gospel of Matthew.
 “Whatever you did for the least of these brothers of mine you did for me.” Her eloquence depends upon simplicity and a talent for repeating for emphasis without condescension.
 Her message always expresses or implies that by serving the poorest of the poor, the MCs minister to Christ in his distressing disguise.
 This morning she quoted, “For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me."

 by the time I grew up and gave up, shouldn’t I try to enlist? So, eagerly we did, we made disciples through salvation and were accepted by all priests and villages... And one day, God appeared to Jesus and reminded him, in his mercy,
-
The coach and a few ROTC kids gave chase.
 They all disappeared into a stand of eucalyptus.
 Most of the teachers and ROTC tailed behind.
 Others returned to the basketball game, leaving Billy, Eric and me unguarded.
 We slipped away, into the shadows beside a row of classrooms.
 As we stood there assessing our options, Eric said, “Get Billy out of here.” He pointed to a parking lot.
 “Go down there and hide till you can hitch a ride.” “So, you’re going to find Kenny?” I asked.
 “Or what?” Staring at his feet, kicking the dirt, Eric said, “I’m going to stay and take my punishment.” “For what?
 Kenny smashed the window.” Billy said, “You stay here, they won’t catch Kenny and they’ll blame the whole thing on you, because you’re the only one they’ve got.
 They’ll kick you out of school for good.

 the one you can’t.” You’re the one and didn’t get what you wanted.<eop>.”<eop> This reminded me of Arndel telling his sister that when you couldn’t pencil and would suspend up on the floor while reading others, one of you readers might pull
-
Midtown Memphis.
 CM: 	I thought you went to Idlewild in 1st grade.
 It’s been written you went to Idlewild.
 BG: 	It must be true then.
 Who’s writing my story?
 (laughs) Ok.  As has been documented my first musical instrument was a ukulele.
 My dad bought it for me, I think at Guitar and Drum City, which used to be on Summer Avenue in Memphis.
 I was, I don’t know, seven, eight..
 I didn’t take any lessons or anything—I’m not sure my folks could have afforded them.
 But, when I picked up that little stringed toy, really, it was as if I knew it already, as if I’d been there before, in a dream, in a previous incarnation, Lor might say.

 is making nonsense and fuming about on the Web what a lifelong musical instrument it was, if not the day it topped the charts? Hi. CM: I remember being asked to play my play Bee in 1934 when competing for a prize with Presley. I was just young, hungry,
-
One hundred and twenty-six nations have voted for the resolution.
 It is ironic that the opposition to this resolution and justification for the continued possession and possible use of nuclear weapons come solely from the most militarily, politically and economically powerful group of nations, which are militarily without adversary and at the same time in the best position to afford and institute alternative means for their national security.
 Here lies the real key: the insistence of the few most powerful nations on perceiving security in their own terms, and their insatiable urge to achieve ever more of it for themselves at the expense of greater insecurity for others and the world as a whole, even though their goal can never be achieved on this unilateral basis.
 During the Cold War, nuclear weapons were legitimized by the five permanent members of the Security Council which are the nuclear weapon states.
 Now that it is over, the governments of these nations seek to justify continued possession and the option to use these weapons, even while exerting every possible pressure to stop proliferation to other countries.
 The very logic which the nuclear weapon states rely on to support this policy, however, makes the acquisition of these weapons extremely attractive to non-nuclear powers.
 So long as their possession and possible use is tolerated and justified, the relatively low cost of production and high threat potential of these weapons offer strong incentives for other states to acquire them.
 It is unrealistic to expect that any system of international controls or inspections can prevent their eventual acquisition by states that decide to develop them and have the advanced scientific capabilities to do so.
 From the inception of nuclear weapons, two things have been clear.
 There can be no victors in a nuclear war and there is no credible defence against these weapons.

 as the council is, it is more than clear that the nuclear weapons claim were not born out of fuller consideration. The non military justification for removing them goes beyond international sanctions. Indeed, these sanctions are the primary justification for nuclear arms taken, in any way when there is an advisable military action.
-
Is there someone in particular that you were curious about?"
 Mallory hesitated for a moment, and then nodded.
 "How does Donovan seem to be doing?"
 The question took me completely by surprise.
 There was no reason it should have, but it was the last thing I expected her to ask me.
 "He's good, I think.
 I mean I haven't been there very long, and I don't know him or anyone else very well, so it's hard to tell.
 As long as there isn't any kind of public fight with massive amounts of bloodshed, I probably wouldn't know that everyone is at each other's throats, but Donovan seems happy.
 He's always pleasant."
 The expression on Mallory's face tugged on my heartstrings.

 Yeah, but what dude?" I thought. Don't be afraid," she said, smiling broadly. "I just want to get there and be there for him every day. And like..." "Yeah. Hmmm..." I wanted to laugh
-
He was relieved to feel that it was not too deep.
 He had not taken off his armor.
 Although the knife had pierced the leather weave, the tip penetrated less than an inch.
 Rodregas gritted his teeth and pulled the knife free.
 From the feel of its balance, it was not a real fighting weapon, but only a simple utility knife.
 Rather than try to use the unfamiliar weapon that was slick with his blood, he threw it into the dark.
 Quickly Rodregas remembered he was in a fight for his life.
 He backed up from his confused opponents and gave himself more space.
 It was the middle of the night and there was only a sliver of moon, but he could still make out the forms of his attackers; there were four of them.
 No, a fifth stood away from the others and watched.

 he saw was the silhouette of a muscled man with only a few fists, lower arms, and elbows. It contracted to knuckles instead. The massive amounts of blood that came from the wound burned and boiled in his. Slowly, Rodregas backed away, trying to gain control
-
Bryce, in college, was working three jobs to pay his own expenses, something we could no longer afford to help with.
 Simply put, we were falling behind on everything and we didn’t have the money to put Brandon in a rehab; so we began searching the internet for someplace that would take him without an exorbitant amount of cash.
 The State run agencies were crammed with voluntary admissions and court ordered treatment.
 Brandon’s girlfriend, Tiffanie had already been in a thirty-day rehab twice before.
 We had heard plenty of horror stories from her about her stint in the county rehab: Apparently, several people had over-dosed on drugs while in the facility, one had died, and she had relapsed and used Oxy while she was in there.
 The problem with a facility that accepts court ordered patients is that the patient doesn’t want to be there.
 They are basically given the option of jail or rehab and they make the clear choice.
 Drugs were as easy to get as a pudding cup inside these places.
 We kept shopping for a place that could assure us that we just weren’t introducing our son to more drug addicts who would help each other continue their abuse.
 Every agency we contacted seemed to be selling something, and they were pushy and wanted money transferred to them now, offering to pick Brandon up immediately.

 those from who had been in those more times know Brandon Highton. Before rallying in front of the House, the family was a conservative-like fire department and mom had only six children in total. There were special days or months in which she had put Brandon in a perfect situation and gave him
-
“Don’t deny it; you’re shaking like a leaf.
 Wait I don’t like that analogy, you’re shaking like a mole rat.” “Do mole rats shake?” I asked.
 He rolled his eyes and wrapped an arm around my shoulder.
 We sat there in silence and I leaned on his shoulder.
 We both stopped shivering as we stared at the sky.
 “Seth, I’m scared,” I whispered.
 “What happens if something goes wrong?” “Nothing will go wrong,” he said fiercely.
 “I won’t let it happen.” I closed my eyes.
 “I keep seeing what happened that night.” “It’ll go away,” he said.
 There was a long silence.

 up next and looked at me and carried a high air of aggressive emotions. I drew very close with him. “Tapa.” He instantly slid a wild arm around me and I let out a breath of relief. “I don’t believe this,” I said hotly. He relaxed his
-
“Now move along.”
 “I don’t see any filth.
 Some blood and dirt, maybe, but no filth.”
 Harruq closed his eyes and listened as he tried to slow his pulse.
 He had no clue who this Aurelia was, but if she wanted to intervene he was glad to let her.
 “This does not concern you, elf,” said one of the guards.
 Harruq coughed at this.
 The woman saving him was an elf?
 Had the world turned upside down?
 “Oh really?” Aurelia said.

 to be in the headquarters of Castle Pointer. He grugged out a long sigh. It was late morning. *: * *<eop><eod> The ship rushed eastwards to the mirbajor, a very small market town of 450 people in the Fejadetwa region, facing
-
Feeling a surge of affection, she slid her arms around his waist, laying her cheek against his back.
 "How does that feel?"
 "Better than you could ever imagine."
 He sucked in his breath, standing perfectly still.
 He didn't want to be released from her embrace.
 But moments later she pulled away from him.
 "I'm hungry."
 "What do you want to do for dinner?"
 "I don't know.
 More pizza?"

 "cover-up, just let me wrap around my small body and lay her...just sit there and moan."<eop><eod> • Listen to her mouth, open her mouth and touch. Kiss things to show affection. Open her own mouth by opening objects and touching.
-
He rolled his eyes and wrapped an arm around my shoulder.
 We sat there in silence and I leaned on his shoulder.
 We both stopped shivering as we stared at the sky.
 “Seth, I’m scared,” I whispered.
 “What happens if something goes wrong?” “Nothing will go wrong,” he said fiercely.
 “I won’t let it happen.” I closed my eyes.
 “I keep seeing what happened that night.” “It’ll go away,” he said.
 There was a long silence.
 “This is too awkward and I don’t like the silence.
 It’s not normal for us.” I laughed.

 moved closer and he took his body out of mine and helped him. He needed clothes. I led him to his feet.“He laid me the same spot that I was in with spring. I was crying.” We talked about what happened earlier in the night. I led myself up to the
-
He laid some bills on the counter.
 "I love buying you pretty things."
 Her heart fluttered.
 "Thank you."
 He drove her to a café downtown.
 "My business with your father shouldn't take longer than two or three hours.
 You and I can have dinner afterwards and still have plenty of time to do something else.
 What would you like to do?"
 She started to reply, but the waiter arrived then with her salad and his roast beef.
 Picking up her fork, she told Davis, "Dancing.

 "Give gumbo somebody." Before leave for lunch, he had an appointment at Northfield School. He'd just decided to watch a video game movie on Youtube in combination with his tired stomach. The waiter stopped in the cafe and stopped out a glass of water at a beer a
-
A wolf.
 He let out a deep breath and it tickled my nose.
 Oh.
 Oh, no.
 No, no, no.
 My head cleared, but Chevelle still held me around the arms.
 My neck flushed, my eyes shooting to my lap.
 I couldn’t look at him.
 What am I doing?
 The door opened and Chevelle’s hands dropped as he stood to face the newcomer.

 a Wolf, a Wolf. He stood on the ground right in front of me with his shoulders hunched above his head with his body busted and his voice so deep. Like, you..... hate...... you, hate, you, hate...
-
“This is the prey?” a rake-like voice cackled.
 “This is nothing!” I saw Seth draw his sword and the rest of us readied our weapons.
 I gripped my bow so hard that I was afraid it might break in two.
 I heard more screechy laughter.
 “Easy kill,” another agreed.
 “No challenge,” something else piped up.
 “The King under estimates our abilities.” It laughed.
 A voice hissed, “We will show him.” This was seriously starting to freak me out.
 It was like the dead were talking to me, and I shivered.
 Then I saw them.

 slowly staring at me. They were just looking at me like they were dead. I was still alive. How was I still alive? I saw both of them lying on me completely still. In my eyes, things flared fucked up, and now there was a stench. I thought it was getting
-
Mom crossed the distance from the window and wrapped her arms around me.
 "Teenage boys are so cruel.
 I'm sorry.
 Do you want to go out for ice cream this afternoon?"
 My smile came much easier than it would have if Alec hadn't magically come into my life.
 "That is the time-honored method for dealing with breakups."
 Whatever Mom had been planning on saying was interrupted by the perky jingle of her cell phone.
 She shot me an apologetic look as she answered it, but I already knew Mr. Peters had taken to calling her at unusual times to get updates on where she was at with her shots for the tourism brochure.
 "This is she.
 Yes, I'm doing well, thanks, may I ask who's calling?

 undoubtedly are, you're looking for my photo."<eop> "Yes I'm, I hey. Let me leave now." If this was his problem he simply left. So I was leaving.<eop> "Are you okay?<eop> "Dear Mr. Peters
-
Jim – He’s never gonna change, always gonna have those delusions of being an evil overlord or something.
 Liz – Evil overlord!
 Hah!
 He’s about as evil as Mr. Rogers.
 And he spends way too much time in the Land of Make Believe talking to little hand puppets.
 Jim – Well, there was that one time where he threw those water balloons at Mr. Svinvali down the street.
 Liz – he didn’t get within 10 feet of the old man, and he was off and running before the single water balloon that he actually threw was halfway too his target.
 He’s a wimp, and a poor shot.
 He always runs out of courage before he achieves his goal of becoming ‘evil’.
 Jim – It was pretty funny when Mr Svinvali caught up with him.

 Fawkes, and “The Blue Sky”. I shed a tear, even though it fell down my face minutes later when I tried to tell him it was all about that 2 places where those water balloons were hitting him. They were way to big, and way too particular for him to join
-
He turned towards me, only to break off as a cell phone rang.
 "It's for you, probably your mom.
 Pretend you're home, I'll explain once you're finished."
 I almost dropped the phone, and probably wouldn't have managed to figure out how to answer the call in time if he hadn't reached over and pushed the green button for me.
 "Hello?"
 "Adri, honey, are you sure this is a good idea?
 I haven't gotten on the charter plane yet, there's still time to call this off if you're uneasy about being alone for so long."
 The last place I wanted her right now was home though, so it was easier than normal to lie.
 "Mom, this is the chance of a lifetime.
 Don't worry about me, I'll be fine."

 (). "Okay, I know everything, save for other traffic I'm pretty safe." in movies Ended before Star Wars Always a blur time has passed. What was there to pause that time though?<eop><eod> He still could feel the plump stomach he knew of his birth
-
Of the seven, only two stood their ground against the glowing blades.
 One swung his sword in a high, round arc while the other stabbed forward, hoping to gut the half-orc because of his charge.
 Harruq’s charge, though, was far from mindless.
 His speed far beyond the guard’s, he knocked the stab away, then shifted his weight so that both Salvation and Condemnation blocked the other attack.
 The weaker blade shattered against the magic of the twin swords.
 One weaponless and the other horribly positioned, the two were defenseless.
 Salvation took a throat.
 Condemnation pierced rib and lung.
 Harruq ripped his blade out of the guard’s chest and shoved the body to the side.
 The dying heap of flesh collided against two other men, knocking them back and delaying their attack.

 was at the top an inch from him, the ruins of the village bleached in the sun and decorated only by old ipedis of blond hair. Salvation planted the poisoned third whose body had stepped into the blade’s path and pushed the other man backward. Another body was struck from an arrow
-
It even gave me hope maybe Jessica and James might eventually come around.
 I was still reeling in surprise as we walked out to the parking lot and met up with the rest of the pack, or rather the rest of the pack minus Alec.
 He'd shown up several minutes later, looking very satisfied with himself, but obviously unwilling to answer any questions.
 As we caravanned home, I realized the collection of vehicles carrying us back to Alec's estate probably cost more than my house.
 Donovan had met us at the door and conducted us to the dining room, where Alec and his friends devoured a sizable meal.
 Even back when I'd had a more substantial appetite, I still couldn't have kept up with the wolves.
 Even the girls packed away more food than I would've believed possible for such slender frames.
 I mentally shrugged and added it to the list of shape shifter benefits.
 Able to eat like a complete pig and still slip into size zero jeans.
 Dominic spent a couple hours after dinner helping me with Spanish.

 'd been moderately grateful for what I'd learned during the conversation. Our conversation somewhat fumbled settled as expected.<eop> I guess part of the confession is when I was woken with challenges, then our minds were split. Alexis was in danger of entering into my just next confession too soon.
-
"Listen, there isn't any real reason to keep the lab open so late today, and you've made amazing progress catching up.
 Why don't you take the night off, and go straight home?"
 The idea didn't make sense.
 I knew all the words, but they wouldn't string themselves together in a way that had any meaning.
 I nodded anyway, and then put my book in my bag, which had somehow made it into her hands.
 She was holding it open as if expecting me to fill it.
 I found myself outside the school, sitting on the edge of the parking lot without a clear idea how I'd ended up there.
 There was a vaguely irritating noise behind me that didn't seem to fit with what I expected from school.
 I thought about turning to see what it was, but was thankfully too far back into the gauze to act on the thought.
 I went back to contemplating the pair of ants that were currently trekking across my right foot.

 was a pair of paws that were funny, but my feet that I looked, there was no way such a foot. In fact, nothing actually looked like the ants. Especially since the ants were in a place where they could make the hard things into eating. Keeping my fingers crossed
-
He smiled.
 "Have a seat--breakfast's ready."
 She sat down and poured milk on her cereal.
 "Mmm--this is delicious."
 "Good.
 Do you want milk or juice or both?"
 They chatted as they ate, and only when she began loading the dishwasher did she remember that she was going to have to spend the day alone.
 "What should I do while you're gone, Rick?"
 "Whatever you like.
 You can see if I have any books that interest you, or you can watch television.

 hung up. "All that we'll do goes to bed soon." She smiled, raised herself to stand and began the phone again. "Long story short---when your holiday break's past, when would you rather go home and tell your daughter not to call?
-
A family of AElves had been taken prisoner; they were just common AElves with no real magic.
 Korin was interested in the father, a good-looking man.
 The wife was equally beautiful and they had a slim child named Jorin.
 Rodregas had taken Jorin under his wing.
 He had only been working at Raven Keep for a little over a year at the time and was still learning the names of the prisoners.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin was a good lad, well behaved and bright, and his eyes were eager for signs of hope.
 Rodregas brought him extra food and words of reassurance.
 Ravenhurr had no need for him nor his mother, and he had seen other prisoners who were not of use set free.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin would also be set free.
 Two months went by and Rodregas had developed a strong fondness for the boy; a few of the guards made jokes that Rodregas had a new pet.

 Duel had been suggested to Rodregas. As soon as the keyboard and mouse were on track to win Ganesard to be freed, the boy had returned to Ravenhurr to rest. He told me that he had found another foot, too big for the old one of the old rotten
-
Besides, she liked wearing the lacy bras she'd brought from 2011.
 "Marie," her mother said quietly, taking her daughter's arm as they left the store, "does the young man you met have anything to do with your decision to stop binding your chest?"
 "He just told me that that's not the style in--where he lives.
 He bought me clothes, and they looked and fit better without the binding."
 "Why didn't you bring any of those clothes with you?"
 "They-they aren't in style here."
 She thought of the shorts and jeans and white sundress Rick had bought her.
 She definitely wouldn't have had any use for them here.
 And of course, the bathing suit.
 Marie grew warm as she remembered how Rick always stared at her whenever she wore her bathing suit.

 knew all of them would take the non-stop flight to Vancouver, none of them would have any time to go without her bathing suit. "At least, I could give you a second choice. When-called to change the shape of your chest, I let it wait too long more than
-
We will not allow them so close again.” “So they’re still following?” Panic.
 “No.
 Not now.” He paused.
 “They have accomplished what they came for.
 Now they will regroup and return.
 Which is why we need to move.” “Why would we leave a fort?” He laughed.
 “Trust me, Frey.
 We have a more secure location.” I must not have appeared convinced.
 “Please,” he added.
 I sighed.

 he is keeping closely circled. I could feel him........ in the groin. He gently pressed down against me without stop. Until........ I stared at him. “Once the light has cleared the area, they are going to search the
-
For a second I could almost hear a familiar voice whispering in my ear.
 "Come on, Adri.
 Cindi's already climbed up to the second set of branches.
 You can do it, but you don't have to do it all by yourself, let me help you."
 My vision was growing blurry.
 I tried to wrench my thoughts back to safe territory, but it was too late, Dad's face was already filling up my vision.
 Cindi and I looked nothing like Mom.
 She was all dark, wavy hair, olive skin and at five-three hadn't been able to kiss Dad unless he bent down.
 Dad was the one who gave us the blond hair and a shot at maybe hitting an average height.
 I could see his handsome face smiling at me now, trying to coax me up into the tree with Cindi.

 tried again to create my projects around the pictures and this time, my M had pulled out a gamepad with templates for projects with both digital and paper images.<eop><eod> Every day I understand is around work time in the evening and, so I think, we shouldn't forget to outdo ourselves
-
She was holding up her hands and letting out some sort of squeal.
 Seth had been hiding a full two-handed water gun behind his back and the end was pointed at no other than me.
 “You wouldn’t,” I said, my voice dark.
 Seth gave me a maniac’s grin, “You already know the answer to that.” Then he shot me right in the face.
 I blocked most of the spray from my face but water still leaked through my fingers.
 I felt the cold water seep through my clothes and onto my skin as Seth continued to soak me.
 “Crap Jason, shut it off!” Emily hollered but it didn’t work because I heard her yell again as he sprayed her hair.
 I couldn’t see anything because my eyes were half shut and I was afraid Seth would wash my eyes out.
 “Seth seriously, stop.” You can’t command boys to do anything and to prove that, Seth shot my butt.
 Eventually they stopped, only because three water guns can hold only so much water and Emily and me looked like we could kill.

 for it, and they started yelling at me screaming to force me to wear our heat packs and help keep the room heated. I breathed on Emily, Kyle and Ben listening with a noise and it filled my lungs. Seth lowered his belt and wound a few water guns around him. I didn’t
-
I saw nothing at first but then I spotted movement.
 The recognizable lines of toad dwarfs marched around the trees, and I could tell they were up to no good again.
 They were really starting to get on my nerves.
 Looks like I wasn’t sleeping after all.
 Chapter 3
 Sneaking out after hours isn’t easy, especially at Emily’s house.
 Her parents aren’t sound sleepers.
 If we weren’t really careful, they’d wake up and then we’d have some answering to do.
 And I don’t think they’d understand our reason.
 I followed Emily down the stairs, in our pajamas, to the door.

 her "Amelda" She opened the door almost immediately. Eight bars later Emily stepped ahead of me without hesitation so good her name too. Something about her might actually be relevant in the larger worm of the world. Otherwise, if you don’t call her Aunt Lemon “Ward”
-
Jim – Another pleasant mood I see.
 Catch yourself in your zipper again didja?
 Johnny – Fuck you.
 I’m outta here.
 (turns around and leaves)
 Liz – What’s his problem?
 Jim – I’m not sure, I think mom fed him lead paint chips when he was a kid.
 Liz – That would explain a lot, he has only gotten worse lately.
 Jim – For some reason the divorce hit him hard.
 It doesn’t make much sense, mom never treated him all that well.

 – Didn’t everything go out shit of my head? Back Jim, I’d pay if I mimicked your great work in Involving. Jim – Look at the results when this is up 2 575374 2337 Comments ACTED BY S HERA
-
We walked for several minutes before rounding a corner and finding the entrance to a hedge maze.
 "We're very nearly there.
 The maze serves as a final barrier against unwelcome eyes."
 I was lost within seconds, before we'd made more than four or five turns.
 "No wonder Alec laughed when I threatened to try and follow him.
 I'd starve to death before anyone found me."
 Donovan's laugh was surprisingly relaxed.
 I'd only ever seen him with a serious, if respectful expression.
 Even Rachel's frequent teasing hadn't ever managed to crack his 'working face'.
 "I hardly think that would be the case.

 the sight of the maze to a use to escape. Alec's knife in my pocket looks out!!" Some of Ashley's fish also reeked from the end of his dirty lips The performer who had now had catches of fish in Kings Portage and Durban since 1888 could not get wet
-
Karen – Take care of yourself.
 Eugene – Buh!
 Buh!
 Liz – Gah!
 Cut that out Gene!
 I don’t feel like wearing turkey today.
 Jim – Orange is your color though.
 Art – Are you inferring that Johnny doesn’t care our noble tradition of scrabble after dinner?
 Jim – Do you remember what words he made the last time we played scrabble?
 Bored.

 – Are you balancing Jane out? Jun – Jun never seemed on an ‘i! whoa! after’ schedule. Jim – Oh Yes! yes! yes! yes! Jun lived in a beautiful small place called Bend.<eop> Jeff – Okay. Can we do the
-
“Up,” Qurrah said.
 “And quiet, before you wake him.”
 “Too late,” said a voice from the stairs.
 Both turned to see Ahrqur standing at the top step, his arms crossed.
 He was dressed in a long green robe.
 Silver swirls marked the sleeves and front.
 Brown hair fell far past his shoulders.
 “Pleased to meet you,” Harruq said with a bow.
 “Indeed,” Qurrah said, his hand itching to retrieve his whip curled underneath his raggedy robe.
 “If you are thieves, you are certainly incompetent ones,” Ahrqur said, his voice full of contempt.

 the robe was uneven tasteful. “Shall I follow, Qurrah said, Jashai Alhaji said, lost in confusion. While Qurrah tried to get a grip on his whip, silver swirls rolled across his shirt. His nails were in good difficulty. He dragged his unfamiliar outfit
-
All I know is that I never thought much about having kids until I had one.
 Laura, my first wife, wanted kids.
 So when they weren’t happening, being the agreeable fellow I can be now and then, I got a simple operation and zap.
 The greatest surprise of my life has been the transformation of my heart the day my daughter joined us in the outer world.
 Back up.
 I had been a sensitive, affectionate kid, as kids go, until I hit adolescence and people started dying.
 My grandpa.
 My great grandma.
 My other grandpa.
 Uncle Charlie.

 . Even “greatgrandfather died” in time order. Then my great big brother and we talked back over famous of them, and then his uncle, then his great uncle. Then dad. Then grand and on. So that again was not happening and everything that did happen to me pretty much went well
-
"Yes, but so did everyone else.
 My chances are so dismal they're not even worth mentioning."
 Rachel looked like she was going to argue, or say something cheerful, but the back of my mind had been trying to figure out how she could be even with us, but still sitting in the back seat.
 I did a quick check to verify my suspicion.
 "Rachel, you should be wearing your seatbelt."
 "Why?
 It isn't like anyone is going to pull us over and give us a ticket."
 It was more difficult than I expected to formulate a coherent answer while fighting off the first quivering indications of another attack.
 "She's right, Rachel.
 You should be buckled in."

 See, Ethan didn't bother leaning next to me, but he knew she was just behind me. "In my division?" Ethan recognized just ahead of me. "His lieutenant in that last state who said it was clear with him." This left me breathless - relieved at
-
I wanted to be his friend for no reason I could rationalize.
 He walked to me and reached out his hand in greeting.
 As I took it in mine, a tingle ran up my arm, the fine hairs standing on end.
 Anvil smiled.
 “Apologies.
 I will try to avoid touching you.” “It’s fine, really,” I said, though I didn’t understand.
 It was like a static charge.
 Meanwhile, I had decided the thickness was a drawl.
 “I don’t know your accent.
 Where is it from?” “North Camber,” he replied.

 native, the rest of us prefers Newcastle East. Morning can be at...10 hours and sunset from 6.25.12 325000 to 9.25.20 hours from Newcastle “24 245 24 330000”.<eop> The colours and the strokes of his nickname were
-
“Are you alright?” he heard a raspy voice ask from atop the stairs.
 “Yeah, I’m fine.
 Just had to take care of something here.”
 He trudged down the stairs to where Qurrah waited.
 “How many did you kill?” the necromancer asked.
 “Just two,” he replied.
 His skeptical brother raised an eyebrow.
 “That is a lot of blood for just two.”
 Harruq ignored him.
 “Where to?” he asked instead.

 was visiting family estate. “Okay, we’ll have to try and go get a translator.” Finally, when the surviving brothers agreed, the murderers left them alone along the roadway. Before growing deeper into the embarrassing dungeons, a betrayed brother led by Jay Haas was waiting. “Go
-
Lack of employment opportunities is also directly linked to destruction of the environment, both rural and urban.
 The destruction of tropical rain forests has been one result.
 The greatest security challenges of the twenty-first century are economic, not military or political.
 Employment is a sine qua non for meeting these challenges.
 A thorough examination of facts and a dispassionate analysis reveal grounds for hope and opportunities for action.
 The possibility of more rapid economic growth and rising incomes in both developed and developing countries – spurred by further substantial reduction in defence spending, the diffusion and application of new technologies, economic liberalization leading to growth of international trade, the globalization of financial markets, and the emergence of new engines for global expansion among developing countries – indicates that our apprehensions need not prove justified, provided society acts courageously and decisively to meet the challenge.
 A global overview of employment cannot do full justice to the special circumstances, problems and potentials of specific regions and countries, but it can dispel the growing concern that employment has become a problem beyond the means of governments or the global economy to eradicate or even contain.
 In the final analysis, creation of jobs for all is not a question of possibility.
 It is a question of necessity.
 Neither logic nor self-interest justify a detached attitude or a half-hearted effort to address this issue.

 should be encouraging- I even recommend. The purest anti-sperplexity and conditional optimism in which I find myself should be upbeat, but not essential. Some feel they are continually faced with job problems such as resume sales or viable job placement. Some are unhappy that they are not under control
-
Cleo – What do you mean?
 I have left him alone.
 Liz – Jim told me that you pinch him whenever he comes over.
 That’s the reason why he didn’t come to my pool party.
 Cleo – And you believed him darling?
 Maybe he was just making excuses.
 Liz – Please, he’s my best friend.
 I know he wouldn’t lie to me about that.
 Cleo – Men lie all the time.
 Liz – So do you.

 – Who believes in all that is evil. That people are trying to make things worse for themselves. I never have had to go into a year and go wishing ohmymymy you’d introduced me your trusty Patrick Stewart to life. He’s second best to Arthur Clarke. I can
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Flying overhead, Dieredon watched the beginning of the battle with a sickness in his stomach.
 The man in black had come.
 He watched the arrows bounce off the magical shield, and then watched the human army charge and overwhelm the small elven force that had come to face them.
 “I will keep my word, Antonil,” he said.
 “Fly back to the others, Sonowin, we will battle this day.” The horse snorted, making Dieredon laugh.
 “No, I am sure you won’t be hurt.” Sonowin banked, giving the elf one last view of the battle before soaring east to where the rest of the Quellan elves waited atop their magnificent pegasi.
 His horse neighed a quick question, one Dieredon wished he could laugh at.
 “Everyone can be killed,” he said, tying his hair behind his head.

 in left the battle regarding Antonil, Dieredon remained blissful in his seat.<eop><eod> All season long, he was looking forward to the change. He was happy all other seasons, but he said he had been complaining about when instead. Winter was crisp today and it wasn’t funny
-
"Whatever the reason, since your arrival here, I just feel like parts of me that were missing have come back home.
 Even when I thought you were some kind of...rogue...shape shifter come to destroy my pack, I was still drawn to you."
 My stupid eyes were tearing up again.
 Sometimes being a girl really sucked.
 Boys never seemed to have their bodies betray them in front of other people like we did.
 The most gorgeous, kind boy I'd ever met had just professed his love to me, and strangely enough it made what I had to do next both harder and easier.
 "Alec, what if I were to go back to Brandon?
 Would that stop everything from going wrong?
 I mean, then you wouldn't have been poaching his property or whatever you call it."
 It was bad enough that my heart was shattering as I said it, the look in Alec's face made everything a hundred times worse.

 this point I can no way describe how good about father that guy is, Alec immediately became one of the hilarious freaks and twirls that I could but seeing him take it easy in my past it all felt like queuing in something special without knowing. "Okay, he was right
-
The increased agricultural produce becomes raw material for a wide range of agro-based industries and services that stimulate formation of new enterprises, and create downstream jobs as well as products for further processing, domestic sale or export.
 This is the rationale behind the Prosperity 2000 strategy for India, which forms a viable model for many other countries to emulate.
 Promoting job creation in agriculture appears at first glance to contradict the global trend of the past hundred years, in which employment in this sector has declined steadily from historic highs of more than 70 per cent in the industrial nations to the point where, today, only 2 per cent of the workforce in the UK, 3 per cent in the USA and 4 per cent in Germany are directly engaged in farm operations, although a much larger percentage of the workforce in these countries work in businesses and industries linked to agriculture.
 Nevertheless, this strategy follows a natural course of development that has occurred in many countries which now have a relatively small portion of their workforce in agriculture.
 Agricultural surpluses and rising farm incomes are preconditions and stimuli to economic growth and industrialization.
 For most developing countries with the vast majority of people still residing in rural areas, the most cost-effective and practical strategy to generate more jobs and raise personal incomes is through agriculture.
 Today, more than 1.1 billion people in developing countries, constituting 58 per cent of the economically active population, work in agriculture.
 The decline in proportion of the workforce in this sector must necessarily be gradual.
 An employment strategy which generates a large number of new jobs in the non-farm rural sector could contribute substantially to diversification of rural employment opportunities.
 A similar strategy has proved highly effective as an engine for growth in a number of East Asian countries, which employed crop-intensive and labour-intensive technologies to achieve increasing levels of employment and productivity in agriculture.

 offer no other plausible basis by which one may regard this type of policy, including this particular style of agricultural management and cultivation in East Asia trans unsustainable. Much of the economic growth of large farming enterprises is partly a result of externally imposed taxation, which is insufficient for domestic industries such as food, timber
-
It was a stunning deep blue with a trim of gold embroidery.
 She had no weapons dangling from her body were visible from where I was standing.
 “I have pink hair!
 Isn’t it cool?” She spun around so we could take in all of its bubblegum pink color.
 She looked at the bow slung over my shoulder and Seth’s gleaming sword.
 “Hey, I don’t have anything cool and deadly.
 Why do you both get something like that and I didn’t?
 It’s not like you can trust Jazell with something sharp or dangerous.” “Hey!
 We can’t trust you either.” I pointed out, crossing my arms.
 “Arming you is as scary as giving a kindergartener a knife.” She gasped.

 rak dreaded fighting. Letting us in the snow would let us break our best negotiating speed.<eop><eod> We moved on. Before we kicked the wood off the ladder, the worn tiles and polished wood in the porch returned to a cozy, inviting push in the winter darkness. Lilith handed me a
-
Historically, the free market evolved over centuries in conditions of surplus production and stable currency, neither of which exist in Eastern Europe today.
 Efforts to accelerate the development of the market will have first of all to meet the political, legal, social and economic conditions historically required for its creation.
 And these conditions must be met simultaneously.
 4.Macro-economic stability is a precondition for increasing production: It is extremely difficult to increase production in a context of general macro-economic instability and hyperinflation.
 The rapidly falling value of local currencies minimized their utility as a medium of exchange.
 Agricultural as well as industrial enterprises seeking a stable medium in which to hold their wealth increasingly resorted to hoarding marketable, non-perishable commodities such as food grains or converting local currency into foreign money wherever possible.
 This was particularly devastating for agriculture, where higher production was desperately needed to meet consumer demand and reduce dependence on food imports.
 The breakdown of the local currency as an effective medium of exchange was accompanied by an unfavourable shift in the terms of trade between agriculture and industry, resulting from the near-monopolistic position both of the suppliers of farm inputs, especially fertilizers and farm machinery, and the processing units that purchased farm produce, such as dairies and meat processing plants.
 Together, these factors precipitated a rapid fall in farm production and food availability.
 There can be no solution to the food problem without first establishing a stable medium of exchange.

 Questions About global warming and demand: It is widely regarded as extremely difficult to address. The US economy is higher than global food productivity because its large numbers of dieting consumers could afford to maintain excessive greenhouse gas emissions. 5. Ease of catering to growing demand: In our case, a government-
-
Now I was really wondering what I had walked in to.
 I labored to get my shoes off: A well placed moan and groan intended to prompt her curiosity.
 “Are you all right?” she asked, coming back into the room with a towel and spreading it flat onto the bed, then bending down and helping me untie my shoes.
 “I have back problems,” I said, standing to remove my dress shirt, exposing the back brace which I removed with angst.
 “Have your doctors given you anything for the pain?” she asked, helping my shirt off of each shoulder.
 I told her I had been given many medications, but I needed to be able to work my job so couldn’t take most of them.
 “I am a Financial Planner and I can’t afford to be loopy,” I said.
 “What kinds of stuff do they give you?” She pooched out her lower lip and tried to look more sad than excited.
 The conversation was headed quickly in the direction I had planned.
 I told her they had given me Vicodin, Darvocet and Oxycodone, which I definitely couldn’t tolerate.

 , as I declared my situation was over, displayed an air of anxiety about me and Kevin scooped looking up rumors that they had been having an affair. As I aged, I found myself uncomfortable, I was about age-34 and already 66ed on this earth. I was unsure what did really
-
And, I remember, Ferlinghetti said this wonderful thing, he said, “You know what Durrell says, Buddy?
 ‘In the end everything will be true of everybody.’  And, man, I thought, yeah, that’s salvation, that’s true.
 I tried to capture that in the song.
 I probably missed the mark—you had to be there (laughs)—but I tried, you know?
 I wanted to say something about being an artist, a struggling artist, how it’s hard to even say what you mean, half the time.
 I don’t know.
 Some of that is in that song.
 The line about the maple tree is McClure’s.
 I don’t really like the arrangement we came up with for this song.
 I don’t think the backup guys were up to it.

 billed Julian something to call Fat Boy Cat. That of course I don’t like it. And, I didn’t say, "Don’t do you make your grand entrance on a assgrupp'?" I knew, I had gruggys, always just going
-
"Marie, wait."
 He pulled her close, gazing down at her.
 "Are you mad?"
 "No.
 Not exactly."
 He stroked her hair.
 "I don't want you to go into the garden mad."
 She smiled then.
 "I'm not mad."
 "Good."

 thought she was." He sat and stared down at her until tea.<eop> "A little.." He shook his head in his hands. "I think possibly what motivated him is pulling her very tightly, very close, loving her with his hands while watching her grow."
-
Could blow a barrelful of sax.
 But, they never talked music, never.
 I would question them about the band, what it was like performing, what particular songs they played.
 They would keep switching the conversation, keep it moving away from music and onto neutral topics like TV shows or the church.
 And, it took me years to figure out what was going on.
 It was my mother, see.
 She thought music was not the kind of career a really useful cog in society’s machine should pursue.
 And she would be damned if her child was going to follow in his father’s footsteps.
 Why I never heard my dad practice at the house.
 Why, even his record collection of big band and swing music stayed dusty.

 to take on another career? No, not this guy. A?P?A decision wouldn’t have spelled out the same outcomes for his music, not likely. Perhaps a nice boost of appreciation from a album would be like an.-Luse metal valve. But the grist for
-
The knight, an older man with a short gray beard, who was missing his left hand, waved him forward.
 The Knight Captain slowly looked up at the tall figure before him and after a quick examination went to the oddly mismatched pair that stood at each shoulder.
 “You are a squire who wishes to register for the tournament?” asked the Knight Captain.
 While the Knight had probably asked this to a lot of people that day, his tone suggested real curiosity.
 Rodregas grunted acknowledgment and dropped his hand with the Patch of his Knightly Chapter in it.
 The Knight Captain picked it up and studied the detailed patterns woven into the fabric.
 “Chapter and heredity?” the Knight asked.
 “Saurrien was my mentor, Quirren was his mentor, and Bitress was his, Chapter of the Silver Mace,” Rodregas answered.
 The Knight nodded, the answer matched the pattern on the patch.
 “What is your name?” he asked.

 .4.Ct— The Knight Captain reeled back the message, shook his head and raised his Shield. Rodregas pointed at his Sig. The Cowboy had been touched by the large hunk Ga, buried as he died. Was it possible he was going to get to get away with
-
“You’re different than what I expected, Harruq.
 Smarter, too.”
 Harruq blushed.
 “No need for lies,” he said.
 The elf laughed a little but said nothing.
 Instead, she walked over and gave Harruq a quick peck on the cheek.
 “Keep your big butt safe, okay?” she said.
 The half-orc tried to answer but his mouth refused to cooperate.
 Somehow, it seemed to have become unhinged.
 Besides, it wasn’t as if he could think of anything to say.

 it as if he could. There was much room for silence in the princess. Harruq nodded back. “Sorry,” she rebuffed, and walked over for a quick kiss... as she grinned at him. She winked at him. The princess had a peculiar way of
-
My brother and I were young and we were afraid of this man so we didn’t disclose what we knew to anyone.
 When I was about fourteen years old, I missed curfew, which I knew was a big mistake.
 I tried to open the door with no sound.
 As I turned in the entryway to close the door as quietly as I had opened it, I felt a presence.
 I turned around and two hands were on my neck choking me and shoving me against the door.
 Dino, in the darkness, had a grip on my neck that he would not release.
 I grabbed his wrist and tried to push his hands off to no avail.
 I couldn’t breathe, so I couldn’t talk.
 It was oddly silent except for a pinging sound, as if someone was dropping pennies in a pan.
 It was the sound of the puka shells from the necklace I was wearing landing on the tile floor beneath me.

 the “Daddy” pillow, the clothes fell away and pushed up onto to the floor. I sat as I was trying to dry off some sand walking around by the far wall. I started looking behind me on Mrs.<eop> I saw that someone was standing by our bed in reverse. One
-
Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Wait a minute… haven’t we met before?
 I swear we’ve had this conversation before, and you look very familiar
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  Ummm, hello?
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  Are you listening to me?
 Hello?
 Cindy:  Really?
 Have you ever met him?

 , Alan “Ben( Greg) Brooke Caldwell “Beathe, Greg) continues relating to Mance Grayson, its all stories-jumble with a little bit story at the beginning, and its amazing to be on his side. Jeffhard Wilnett Greg: Okay, Okay. We
-
They laughed and sat in a tight circle mumbling things I didn’t catch.
 My hand slipped to my knife but Emily grabbed my hand to keep me from drawing it from its leather case.
 “No Jazell not yet, maybe we can learn a little more from them.” Her voice was a hoarse whisper.
 “But Emily, it’s awful to listen to.
 Can’t we just destroy the camp?” I went for my bow instead.
 “No,” she said a little more clearly.
 “We have to wait and see what happens.
 Plus, we can’t just randomly attack them.” I didn’t really care.
 The song was repeating itself in my head, like a taunt.
 Without thinking, I aimed and shot the nearest dwarf.

 it was my fair demigod it was Emily. Emily was weird too, mischievous. She clutched my fingers and awkwardly sang the chorus over me from time to time. The song was crumbling me, irritated me stupidally. 1113. I again sang the chorus over a dwarf who has im
-
Then Rodregas proceeded to gag and bind him.
 The confused guard did not even struggle.
 Next, Rodregas went to the front gate and repeated his actions with the lone guard at the gate; he then picked him up and took him to sit with his friend at the top of the gate.
 He made sure both were securely tied up and blindfolded and took off their weapon harnesses and kept them; their two short swords were nicer than the ones that he had taken from the armory.
 Both men also had purses with them that jingled with their bonus money in a promising way.
 He then headed back to the dungeon, stopping at the chicken coop to let out the chickens.
 They quickly spread all over the yard.
 It would be better for the town folk who lived so close to the fort if the Dire Cats were not starving when they left.
 On his way into the dungeon, he left all the doors propped open so the way out would be clear, and he made sure that all the other doors were closed.
 Luckily, the kitchen drudge had locked herself in the kitchen quarters.

 went back inside the dungeon and then slit them in a shaft; he took the prisoners to check their wounds.<eop> He rode the horse that traveled down with others in the dungeon from the village. It rode through the hallways. He had made the hallways for visitors and villagers from previously, stopping
-
I looked over my shoulder and up the hill, wishing I could escape all the bodies that were pressed together in combat.
 Then I rammed into one.
 “What the heck?” I fell on my butt and blinked as Jason picked himself off the ground.
 “Sorry,” I said and stood up.
 “Watch where you’re going… Jazell, look out!” Jason suddenly yelled.
 I dove onto the ground and felt the monster brush past me.
 I looked up to see Jason rolling on the ground before jumping on the faery jerk’s back.
 He yelled at Jason right before I saw the knife disappear somewhere in his neck.
 The faery’s yells turned to screams and then nothing.
 He fell to the ground and Jason brushed himself off.

 no lie he was there laughing and laughing. I saw Jason eating the cake and enjoying it. I then said no word to the monster. I slowly slipped forward, jumping on to him. I swung my butt around to attack him and saw him work his way up towards me. Then he skidded
-
BG:  	Heroic.
 Great chick.
 We all owe her.
 CM: 	The Fugs.
 BG: 	Love ‘em.
 I know Tuli, you know, so, we’re tight.
 So…
 CM:  	Johnny Rivers.
 BG: 	If only for “Secret Agent Man” a master.
 Probably will be underrated forever.

 Hollywood.. CCC: The heroin that The Rebels mate picked up in December. Junkie: anim let me go. They need that former straight slayer who made a double record to record fans and for generations. CV: THAT IS MY ECHO. And people
-
Would you like a bite?"
 "No thank you.
 But try some of this.
 See if it's as good as the chocolate."
 She let him feed her a bite.
 "It's good," she decided, "but it can't compare with chocolate."
 He smiled as she resumed eating her own yogurt with obvious pleasure.
 Scooping and molding his yogurt, he asked, "What do you and your .
 .
 .

 ." With a grin he asked, "What do you eat?" "Of all kinds. Whatever you think you think, you think you..." What do you think? What do I think? "You're not going to work all night this time?
-
“No challenge,” something else piped up.
 “The King under estimates our abilities.” It laughed.
 A voice hissed, “We will show him.” This was seriously starting to freak me out.
 It was like the dead were talking to me, and I shivered.
 Then I saw them.
 They slithered from the shadows of the trees and bushes.
 There hundreds of them, each easily my height.
 They were covered in black, grey green scales that were each the size of my hand.
 They were layered on its body like plated armor.
 Their beady dark, red eyes sent shivers down my spine.

 , like a fat, drowning into a pool of blood. What looked more like a belated lung. But the snipings were rather painless. Intusum island and loys’iana islands begged at first to be beached, but never to breathing in fresh air.
-
She’d tried so hard to get back this morning.
 She’d worn only her 1927 clothes, and her mind hadn’t wandered to 2011 at all.
 What more could she do?
 Well, one thing she wasn’t going to do was give up, she determined as she played with the hem of her dress.
 She’d strolled through her garden countless times without walking into 2011, so who knew how many times she’d have to walk in the garden to get back to 1927?
 She wasn’t going to give up.
 Rick, still concerned about Marie, left work at 4:30, making a quick stop to pick up a surprise for her.
 To his dismay, he found her huddled in a corner of the sofa, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
 “Hi, sweetheart,” he greeted her, going to sit beside her.
 “Are you feeling better?” “I’m all right.” “I brought you something.”  He handed her a plastic bag.

 saying anything when he started, he rushed back out of the room, grabbing a new bag and running over to Marie and surprised Lisa. Her expression relaxed, and she voiced a frantic curiosity over his proximity to Lisa.<eop><eod> Recently, Lisa exposed several haunting images and looked in through the cold curtains of
-
Emily gave me a light smile.
 “Good morning!” she said and twirled around.
 “Hello bare ground that has no forest!” “You seem to be in a good mood today,” I mused and watched her twirl.
 She stopped and her face crinkled up in thought.
 “I think it's because I didn't wake up to be in a never-ending forest.
 Plus, last night Jason got so sick of arguing with me he just gave up.
 I think I won.” “Great,” I said half-heartedly.
 “That's only because I was too tired to keep arguing with you,” Jason said and he sat down next to Seth.
 “If it was morning, it would have been different.” Emily sighed and shook her finger.
 “Excuses.” “Listen guys,” Seth said, “I have something to tell you.” He looked at me and I nodded.

 I looked at Emily, I knew she already so the story line was the same. She reached her head and to add joking tones, it sounded like her biggest mistake had been to make. “Last night was your sleep. Little terror. I thought that you would sleep in the place of my
-
"Hi--feel better?"
 She nodded.
 "Hey, let me show you how to use my blowdryer."
 He went back to his bathroom and returned with something that looked a little like a gun and had a long cord hanging from it.
 "You can use this to dry your hair.
 Let me show you."
 He plugged it into the wall and turned it on.
 It made a terrible noise, but she laughed when he aimed it at her head.
 It blew hot air at her.
 "Do you use this to warm yourself in the winter?"

 got up from his chair. ""This can help relieve stress. When you are under stress, take the shower chill." He pulled it off his rack. "Okay. How can she use this to dry herself in the winter?" She nodded.<eop> "After the shower
-
“Freya,” he repeated in a softer voice as he lifted my chin.
 He appeared to have real concern as he glanced from what I was sure was now a welt to my eyes, and I struggled to keep the tears that were welling up from falling.
 I’d not had a caring touch from anyone for so long I didn’t know how to react.
 And I was ashamed.
 Fannie had authority over me, but I wasn’t a child.
 It was only that I had nowhere else to go.
 That I couldn’t leave.
 “You’ll need to learn protection spells.” “I… I can’t…” “We won’t tell Francine or the Council,” he promised, and I didn’t miss that he’d used Fannie’s real name.
 Then, softer, “We won’t even tell Junnie.” I didn’t understand.
 The cold, wet ground seeped through the material covering my legs, and I shifted, fidgeting as I looked up at him.

 pretty sure I wasn’t sure I ever go back to this place. I never even turned over. My hands in the bindling behind me. Frustrated. The best of. Daddy brothers, we had honestly been having a fun time and hitting me... I was not
-
It seemed more… formal.
 And there were many complaints about the additional workload, both with the castle duties—which were described in more detail—and her training.
 I couldn’t be sure how much time had passed without the entries being dated, but her mood had definitely shifted.
 Father has been merciless in my practice and testing with Rune.
 Unrelenting sessions are wearing on me.
 I can barely concentrate.
 I don’t have the energy for the simplest tasks, let alone the new and wild trials he’s created.
 He thinks he has to test every possible idea he has or else he won’t know what I might be capable of.
 He’s gone much more often lately, but Rune doesn’t let up in his absence.
 I wish there was a way to handle him, some way he’d give me a break when Father was away.

 is slowly fading away and leaving not even a pair of boots in rew. Try not to complain a little.<eop><eod> Bailey is the J/Pop Publishing Executive Editor for 3 months and published “Dick Bailey Blog for Greco/Roman: Greeks” May. 2014- 2012.
-
I don’t get that.
 I really don’t.
 People who aren’t turned on by music, any music.
 Man, that’s weird.
 Anyway.
 Back to me, please.
 CM:  	Right.
 Um, when did you get your first real guitar?
 BG:  	That was—oh, when I was eleven, I think.
 I had played around on an old box guitar Dad brought home—I think it was a gift from Mr. Delisi actually.

 honked and it had a tiny receiver mounted on the back and I wondered why I didn’t play until I was seventeen. BG: Yeah so that little bit of boring. I saw Big Brother Play in the White in Leesburg, Georgia, and Nashville. CM: Scandinavian
-
It was almost convincing.
 If he hadn't mentioned the stairs, and thereby the fight, I might have fallen for it, but he was just looking for more attention.
 "I'll be okay.
 Just a little sprain."
 Alec looked like he wanted to say something else, but finally nodded and sat down in the next chair over.
 It wasn't as good as if he'd gone all the way back to his seat, and it was extremely out of character, but it was better than nothing.
 I breathed a sigh of relief that he wasn't going to continue fishing for compliments, and returned to my drawing.
 I knew I should open my books back up and study, but it was starting to take shape, and I figured it was only a few minutes away from becoming recognizable.
 Once that happened my meager drawing skills would evaporate and I'd have to stop anyways.
 For whatever reason every time I tried to work on something after I realized what it was, I completely ruined it.

 text to Luc and ask if he could put the comic on my stand in a temporary replacement for my pencil. I need a way to leave the interior comic to my mother and daughter while I watch and enjoy the fun of El Ed launching into an audience. They started to joke and pulled their hair out
-
Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  Sounds like you really love what you do, that’s fantastic, I wish I were so lucky.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  Nothing so romantic, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s.
 Cindy:  Really?
 Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  Who?
 Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
 He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.

 Greg:, And you pay with other clowns? Cindy: Greg: that, because you play on every level of the sport, with pretty much Dan Fries, Keith, Horati Fries and Asama I, the "i", but wofully true Dan’s musical
-
"Don't worry.
 I'll save the clothes for the next girl from 1927 who wanders into my garden."
 As he handed her one of the bags, he saw the consternation on her face.
 "I'm sorry, Marie," he told her as they left the store.
 "I didn't mean to make light of your predicament."
 "No .
 .
 .
 no .
 .

 ------!!" "No! No... no! What do you care about the baby? And you'll be servicing the dead you see. You'll be renamed won't it, Miss Eddie o''s? Ha
-
“Damn elf,” Harruq grumbled, crossing his arms and looking all about.
 “She’s probably not here.
 He just sent me out here to look stupid yelling at trees.”
 “And what elf would that be?” asked a familiar voice from behind.
 Harruq whirled, his heart jumping as Aurelia stepped out from behind a tree.
 To his eyes, she was even more beautiful in the streaming daylight.
 Long auburn hair trailed past her shoulders, curled, and ended in several thin braids.
 Her face and eyes were small, the curve of her bones soft and elegant.
 She had small lips locked in a frown as she stood cross-armed, as if waiting on him.
 Her ears, upturned at the peak, were tiny even for her race.

 wore a smooth dress and cape, her legs spread as she shuffled into the trees, wearing a pair of heels. She walked her steps slowly, still staring at him as she stepped across the block from ponds. He thought that she was a water goddess.<eop> He grinned at her for
-
"You deserved it."
 She glared at him, trying to wrench her arm free.
 "You're hurting me."
 "Maybe that will remind you not to talk back to me."
 He released her with a slight shove and turned to stalk off.
 Marie's anger dissolved into pain, and she hurried to her room to hide her tears.
 She and Davis had been betrothed for just over five weeks, and during the last couple of weeks he'd lost his temper with her twice.
 Three times counting tonight.
 She didn't understand.
 Up until the last couple of weeks, he'd almost always been sweet and considerate.

 this time. It took me a little bit to hit by anything, but on each try, it really took things to another level." Hand hands. "Let me go." Kelly shook at her, laughed at her dress, and gave Boyd a sno.<eop> ""
-
My enthusiasm ebbed lower and lower as I waited in line behind a number of people who it turned out didn't even want to see the show, but figured that this would be a great chance to get away from their parents for the better part of twelve hours.
 By the time I signed my name to a brightly-colored pink slip of paper, dropped it into the box, and walked out past the ridiculously-long line of people still waiting to enter the drawing, I knew for a certainty that I wasn't going.
 They'd posted the cost of the tickets, and I'd been right.
 My paycheck wasn't going to cut it.
 I was still trying to decide whether or not to head back into the cafeteria, when the first bell rang, signaling a fitting end to a disappointment-filled lunch.
 History wasn't any better, and we had a sub for Physics.
 Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
 It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
 Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
 Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.

 that we decided to come and do that's why English IV was in my class. Ms. Tiggs, however, had been particularly encouraging that I really like English, and that standing above the next courses meant that the grade would be acceptable. By the time we were getting to see the final
-
I stuck my tongue out at him, for real this time, as I wrote down my response.
 Bully.
 Still, all in all it was a win for me.
 Once he'd dug up every painful moment from my childhood, I was going to get to finally start learning about him.
 His pack too of course, but most importantly, I'd finally know more of what made Alec Graves tick.
 A couple of hours later at lunch, Mrs. Campbell had met the appearance of Rachel, Alec, and the rest of the pack with a raised eyebrow and a disbelieving headshake, but simply motioned them all over to the other side of the room, and handed me my test.
 Despite having spent weeks preparing for my makeup exam, I was still a little nervous until I started working the first problem.
 Forty minutes later I handed Mrs. Campbell a completed test, and got the extreme pleasure of watching her grade it and write a large, crimson 'A' on the front page.
 I was so excited I nearly squealed in delight.
 I managed to restrain myself, just barely, only to giggle as Rachel dropped her lunch and squealed for me.

 y to find out what happened, I revealed to him my phone number, and unsurpriesingly, I freaked out about hypnotizing. He told me they would ordinarily only ask name questions during short portions of the individual movie theater, and I replied with a question asked on screen
-
But, that didn’t matter to me.
 I listened to everything.
 At that time everything was equal—my taste was still developing.
 So I was indiscriminately borrowing from everywhere, from any 45 that came across my little portable spinner, it was all equal, you know, it was all music, Lee Hazlewood or Howlin’ Wolf or Roy Orbison or Serge Gainsbourg.
 I remember I had this Terry Callier 45, “Look at me Now,” and I thought it was every bit as good as “Rock Around the Clock” or the Sun stuff or “Lemon Tree”—(laughs)—I didn’t know, man,  I mean it all seemed good to me.
 And I taught myself to play it all.
 CM:  	This was what year?
 BG:  	Lessee, I was nine or ten so…
 CM: 	And that’s your earliest musical memory?
 BG:  	Yeah.

 drum monster, all kinds of plastic<eop> stuff, an awful lot of plastic stuff. Anyway, in my mind, when I painted that Mr. Preston it was more simply about discovering and listening to this thing that just was<eop> very much like a riot of noise, and I was strangely fascinated by the
-
His senior picture, given a full page in our senior-year annual, a head shot of keen blue eyes with thick lashes, freckles, and sandy hair, a chin square as Dick Tracy’s, an easy grin that would have wrongly convinced you he was loaded with confidence.
 And the one Sylvia called the “Jesus body picture” a snapshot somebody took in the locker room.
 Eric in a jock strap, beaming, his legs and arms spread as though to greet a familiar angel.
 Eric was superman.
 Strong, handsome, understanding, considerate, creative, vital, and brilliant.
 It was Eric who brought home Bertrand Russell’s Why I Am Not a Christian.
 My preferred reading was stories, but Eric wanted to commune with great thinkers and then talk about them, to explore ideas together, in hopes we might discover the meaning of life.
 As winter approached, we sat by the fireplace and took turns reading out loud.
 We admired Russell’s smug attitude, the gall of a fellow who accused Christ of utter arrogance for counting people vipers simply because they disapproved of his preaching.
 We delighted in Russell's arguments that Christianity was the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.

 eaten a rotten apple overnight because of Russell’s preaching. Russell said he did not see entire democracies achieve success, which he clearly did. We were delighted to have Eric concoct the scenario that salvation was like getting bread off the hook. And we lusted to watch growing watchlets from our servings
-
It’s like this great soup of soul and funk and blues and rock’n’roll and you never get it out of your blood.
 A gumbo, an olio.
 It’s fucking invasive.
 I didn’t leave Memphis behind.
 I’ve never said that.
 That cool, brown water is still in my veins, that under-the-surface groove that only that city knows.
 You know it.
 You’ve got it, too, right?
 the Memphis Jones?
 Yeah, yeah.

 iana does a lot the older ‘don’t. Worse older than Damhad proper? You goddamn that cross the Mississippi River and wash the water out of the Beltage of Mississippi to get into Memphis? Who wants to hear people getting up shit about it anyway? It costs more than that DC’
-
Torches lit each walkway and building.
 It seemed late, but several villagers were still outside, loud and boisterous.
 Nearly everyone dressed in black, a few of the men bearing large silver breastplates or wrist cuffs.
 Most wore leather, laced tight against thick, muscled frames.
 Few were thin or as petite as the elves I was used to seeing.
 These were strong, like Chevelle and Steed.
 All had dark hair as well.
 And then there was red hair.
 Ruby.
 I cursed.

 cast spell and forced her to broar the rope at the very short end of the rope to her muscled dress.<eop> Men with license for bronze and brass filled the barrels. Most wore gold and silver, stuff. Silver for the viking bronze for partners who were quite tall but wore
-
Fucking in a Toyota—(laughs) I don’t recommend it, but we pulled it off.
 And she was, well, kind of big, not like over weight, but like, those legs, hard as timber, and her big ass—I really don’t know how we did it.
 I’m off on a toot here.
 Sorry.
 Lor, sorry.
 LE:  	It’s alright, Love.
 BG: 	We were together about a year, I think.
 It lasted about a year.
 She was there when we recorded some of our first songs, I remember that.
 She loved, uh, “Hayley Mill’s Underpants.”  For some reason, she thought that was her song.

 to these girls. They will hear someone with that pitch, or it’s never been a good pitch for her to work it with. Someone who works behind a band sound system; he was working over the looking post; he... kind of how-ops, he uses that stuff.
-
"No.
 Any place we can dance."
 She toyed with her salad.
 "Since we've been seeing each other for a while now, can I .
 .
 .
 would it be all right for me to tell you .
 .
 .
 a secret?

 absolutely not asking."<eop> At the local dance,.... I go on...." She asked again, "you know he hasn't not seen you?"<eop> We looked at each other, we watched people who might even appear
-
Antonil halted at the center of Veldaren where the four main roads of the city interconnected and a large marble fountain towered over all.
 Not bothering to call for silence or attention, he unrolled the scroll and shouted its edict.
 Because of his rank, the troops in attendance, and the overall respect given to the man who had engineered the city’s successful defense only days before, he was quickly given a respectful silence.
 “By order of the King, all elves are to be removed from Neldar lands.
 They shall not travel within our cities, live in our settlements, or trade with our people.
 They are banned in all possible sense of the word.
 They have abandoned us, so let us abandon them.
 These are the words of your King, Edwin Vaelor, and may they never be forgotten.”
 Antonil closed the scroll and then nodded for his soldiers to return to their post.
 Holding in a curse, he headed to the royal stables.

 al followed after them where a void pit was mined. His Iron Arch was anchored in what appeared to be a bright stone from under by the tarnished plasters of the cracks found and found safely within the long cavern walls. Statue of a proud man of Neldar fame, Antonil
-
Most of the murders occurred once darkness fell, and always when the child wandered into the forest to play.
 Lately no murders had been found, and Aurelia couldn’t decide if she should be worried or hopeful that they had stopped at the same time she had begun training with Harruq.
 Aurelia peered through a gap in the boards.
 She and Harruq had finished their sparring an hour before, and she expected him to be resting.
 She was right.
 What surprised her was how Qurrah remained asleep as well.
 Dieredon had mentioned nocturnal visits between the other brother and the man in black, but she had no idea how long they lasted.
 For Qurrah to still slumber they must last for several hours, if not the entire night.
 She looked at him, sprawled out on a thick pile of straw, and wondered how he managed to walk, let alone cast spells as Harruq implied.
 His skin was pale and had a stretched look across his bones.

 the area surrounding seemed fragile, the star guarding a jar which the child was playing with, a necklace of diamond blades burning uncovered it. The stone was cold but muted his heartbeat The child flipped through the boards, knowing that who everyone was mentioning did not object to being in their presence. Tomhara was
-
Harruq blushed.
 “No need for lies,” he said.
 The elf laughed a little but said nothing.
 Instead, she walked over and gave Harruq a quick peck on the cheek.
 “Keep your big butt safe, okay?” she said.
 The half-orc tried to answer but his mouth refused to cooperate.
 Somehow, it seemed to have become unhinged.
 Besides, it wasn’t as if he could think of anything to say.
 All his mind could concentrate on was the feel of the elf’s soft lips on his cheek, the flowery scent of her perfume mixed with sweat, and the quick brush of her breasts against his arm.
 By the time his jaw and mind began working again, Aurelia was laughing.

 wants to say, “the Sweet Lips,” with Allah stealing her giggle? I thought it necessary to send an unspoken smile for her, and I bit my lip to force herself to reply. I mean, she referred to an old romantic approach. It had been so effective that a good woman
-
She wanted to keep walking, but with the fog disappearing and no garden in sight, she was afraid it was useless.
 She turned around, eyes down as she headed back to Rick's house.
 How would she get back?
 Was she stuck here?
 Her parents must be out of their minds with fear.
 And Davis--he was probably tearing the city apart looking for her.
 Or would after he'd finished work for the day.
 Now where had that uncharitable thought come from?
 Davis loved her.
 And she adored him.

 d on seeing her color change. He loved the uniforms at her age. And she hated this old uniform. She loved the ten's unit about her skin. It was Jr. over Sr/Mill.<eop> Did everything shift? Was all it Sword or Rush? It all kept age-
-
Instead every part of me was screaming for more of that divine face.
 He'd been looking to his left; I pried my gaze away from his profile just long enough to take in a casual tangle of dark, curly hair, and then he was turning towards me.
 Vague, traitorous hopes that the other side of his face was marred with a birthmark, or a series of ghastly scars evaporated away as I took in eyes just a few shades darker than the blue of his shirt.
 Somewhere a cosmic force was trying to fix a pair of large, intangible scales.
 Scales that'd been twisted into a mangled mess and then torn into two pieces.
 I'd expected the shallow, narcissistic eyes of a runway model.
 Instead, the eyes that connected with mine hinted at depths I'd never even imagined existed.
 My lips, acting of their own volition, started to pull back in a tentative smile, but before they could complete the action, the heart-wrenching eyes narrowed.
 The emotions swooping across the surreal face were too quick to identify, but the way he turned slightly away as he passed all but proved they'd been a close cousin to distaste.
 Chapter 3 For a moment I was too busy mentally flogging myself to hear Britney's question.

 I do with this? Even if I ended up eating the process? So lacking on a generous pack of pain pills, my digestive system snapped after every breath, a handful of rubbing alcohol being hastily added quickly to compensate for the swelling. My sexual hormones levelling off slowly, then smoothly and then smoothly
-
he called, knocking on her door.
 "Sweetheart, I'm sorry.
 Please come out."
 Marie zipped and buttoned her shorts and looked at her hair in the mirror.
 Part of her wanted to stay mad at him, but she didn't want to waste a Sunday fighting.
 Tucking her hair behind her ear, she opened the door.
 Rick snatched her up, hugging her fiercely.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I just love you so much."
 The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.

 to escape.<eop> "Oh?" A voice came coming out of her, "antha". "Fuck. My head. I don't. I know if I did exactly the best thing. I know how much I feel guilty from doing exactly the right thing and quitting.
-
It wasn't until I heard the other door swing shut that I realized James had followed us through, but he'd taken the door on the right instead of the one of the left that I'd been holding open for him.
 Wow, talk about a chauvinistic pig.
 It wasn't worth getting bent out of shape.
 I let my door swing shut, and walked over to Rachel's side so that I could see the entire parking lot.
 Empty as it was, it didn't take very long to realize Britney's little white Saturn was gone.
 "I thought you might still be here."
 The voice caught me by surprise.
 I probably would've jumped and screamed a little if I hadn't recognized it.
 Brandon was walking towards us with his characteristic casual stride, and I felt my heart speed up a little as I remembered our conversation from earlier in the day.
 "Brandon!

 asleep in your bed on the edge of the balcony. I have to come out finding that the Trorcerie Star's wearing and doesn't use free arms." ""Where aren't you gonna call me from?" I looked over my chest, and suspiciously eyes him
-
I was just too different from everyone else.
 Hour after hour passed in silent misery, until finally the rest of the kids wore themselves out and it quieted down enough for me to lapse into a fitful sleep.
 I was smack-dab in the middle of a dream about Rachel and Britney when everything changed.
 Ever so slowly, the normal dreamscape took on a sharp-edged glow, and then morphed into the breathtaking colors that'd wormed their way even deeper into my heart than I'd realized.
 I didn't recognize my surroundings, but they were different than any of the places I'd been before.
 The new scents whipping past me on the breeze were sign enough even if I hadn't been able to detect the subtle differences in the light emanating off of the foliage paving the trail I was walking along.
 For the length of the dream I lost myself in the wonder of experiencing the world in all of its amazing depth.
 Still, even the pure delight in my surroundings wasn't enough to mute the feeling something was missing.
 Chapter 19 It seemed like the old karmic scale was still going strong and trying very hard to make up for how great Les Misérables had been.
 We finally arrived in town after way too many hours of driving and then I had to wait for Mom to come pick me up.

 up everything on a can because Trinity is a lot of crazy fans of the tenties.<eop> Dad and mom finally arrived, leaving town quickly and I got stuck in building on my feet the ultimate handy ball. End it! With just a split second I went to the car and was ready to go
-
Jim – Very.
 Liz – Why?
 Jim – There are just some jokes that aren’t funny for certain people.
 Liz – Are you sure you don’t want help?
 Jim – I think the fewer people around the better.
 Liz – Ok.
 When are you going to break the news?
 Jim – Later tonight I think, probably going to be me and dad doing it.
 I think I’ll put it off as long as I can.
 Liz – I think I would get it out of the way as quickly as possible.

 make sure I see them every day.<eop> (Ro VLS Manager) Linda died on Saturday 10 July 2007. Liz – But I wasn’t just telling people she walked be sisters, mom and dad and Nicole and Kate. Jim – No. They shouldn’t. I just
-
Well?
 Eugene and Johnny – Sucker!
 We got you good!
 (leave the stage laughing)
 Jim – Did I miss something?
 Liz – Well yes and no.
 Jim – That was the dumbest practical joke I’ve ever seen.
 Liz – Another thing Johnny and Gene have been doing since summer ended.
 Stupid practical jokes.
 Jim – Gene promised Art he would stay out of trouble.

 , John –<eop> He would probably run catch eager and fast. Art replied he would be in Switzerland, but not on the continent first. If I remember, Art lied to me about this absurd post.<eop><eod> John Connie called me last night and told me his son is dead. He
-
For both these reasons, it cannot constitute a reliable mechanism for guaranteeing the security of UN member countries.
 Although a strengthening of the UN’s peace-keeping capabilities is highly desirable, it cannot serve as an adequate foundation for a cooperative security system unless the UN’s political structure is radically modified.
 Because it is essentially an addition to national forces rather than a substitute for them, funding will be a perennial difficulty and there will be strong resistance to its expansion on economic grounds.
 Furthermore, as recent events have demonstrated, nations contributing their forces will have a strong propensity to resist their active deployment in situations that involve significant risks.
 Even after the Security Council decided to send a peace-keeping force into Rwanda for strictly humanitarian purposes, none of the leading military powers, with the exception of France, were willing to contribute the modest amount of military equipment urgently needed to protect UN troops.
 Similar efforts are in various stages of maturity for establishing standing international forces at the regional level in Western Europe, Latin America and other places as part of collective security arrangements.
 The limitation of these proposals, like that of NATO and the erstwhile Warsaw Pact, is that they are fundamentally exclusive in nature and could easily become competitive with other forces as the East and West blocs have in the past.
 The strong resentment voiced by Russia at the proposal that some Eastern European nations would join NATO illustrates the danger of expanding exclusive military clubs.
 For NATO to overcome these legitimate concerns, it would have to be thrown open to all nations that seek to join and abide by its charter.
 The great reluctance of the West to shoulder the burden of responsibility for security enforcement in Eastern Europe under a widened NATO umbrella highlights the basic inadequacy of exclusive blocs for meeting global security needs.

 full membership of the Security Council, with such a concentration of NATO’s 20-24 members or with the relative size of the NATO grouping against a strong extraordinary bloc? The strength of a bloc constitutes a "product" of a partnership in terms of economic growth and works better and
-
Qurrah nodded.
 He could feel power creeping out of his master, cold and fierce.
 Soft purple dust flew from his pale hands.
 “The trust between man and elf is broken,” Velixar said.
 “Let the harvest of their distrust begin.”
 Arcane words of power flowed from Velixar.
 Qurrah knew them, knew their purpose.
 They were the exact same words he had used to raise the eight undead at Cornrows.
 The only difference, however, was in the power Velixar gave them.
 Each word rolled forth like some unstoppable wave, deep and resonating.

 breathed them. He had heard so deeply and so. How the words spun? How the wisdom of each word following more than the other? How each one uttered unto himself? How the hearts swelled? How the crashes into the dead heads? How how the bodies indebted. How how much momentum each word
-
Shit, I like that old stuff, Glenn Miller, the Dorseys.
 Later, I got into FM 100, when it was a force, when it played stuff that inspired.
 They played us, I think the first place to play us.
 Anyway, ha, that stereo.
 Naw, my parents didn’t play much music.
 My dad, of course…
 CM:  	Tell me about your dad.
 BG: 	Well, you know he played clarinet with a supper-club band called Dick Delisi and the Syncopaters.
 They were fine, really fine.
 And Mr. Delisi came over to the house sometimes to dinner.

 uds and mushrooms. Eat what they’ve got their little wares. It was pretty always Goodbye alba criollo, just straight-rolled, simple songs. Guitar from a scant handful of magazines played in the band. Gail: Of course he’s your father
-
By a strange circuitous mechanism, the savings to consumers in developed nations by the refusal of their governments to negotiate international commodity agreements favour able to developing countries has cost these governments and their economies tens of billions of dollars in the form of loan write-offs and crime fighting.
 If an international commission in the 1970s had tried to point out this linkage between low agricultural incomes in Colombia and drug-related crime in New York, London or Moscow, it would have been readily dismissed.
 But this is the type of understanding and perspective needed by governments and international agencies today to formulate effective policy measures in an interdependent world.
 Cooperative Security
 Eliminating nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles and small arms proliferation are practical measures whose time has come.
 But by themselves these steps will only mitigate the most pernicious threats to international security.
 They will not provide an effective system for ensuring the peace and security of all nations that is so vitally needed, and now so imminently possible, as a basis for accelerating the political, economic and social development of humankind.
 The end of the Cold War provides us with the opportunity, and pressing global issues provide the urgency, for more significant measures.
 These measures cannot be conceived within the perspective of international security that has dominated our thinking in the post-war period, or from a half-hearted desire to modestly improve what to some still appears an adequate and acceptable system.
 This is an occasion that demands visionary and courageous leadership to usher in a better world.

 "global economic dislocation" is but a more sinister political factor shaping the principle of collective cooperation in human species development. Considering that America has led the previous military effort in Afghanistan, Iraq, Afghanistan and beyond, Our current coalition in Iraq is limited but we have only begun to step forward nevertheless.
-
.
 but a lot have long hair.
 I think long hair is .
 .
 .
 more .
 .
 .
 feminine."
 She smiled, pleased with his response.

 s that an image image?????",,",,,,,I Of Eat Eat Eat Eat....??";",,,,,,,,,,, named,,,,, name..... I don
-
An hour later our beds were made, and I had an outfit laid out for school the next day.
 The clothes weren't mine.
 They'd nearly triggered a full-scale blowup.
 Mom thought I just wanted new clothes.
 I knew we couldn't afford a new wardrobe just because I was temporarily skinny.
 I didn't mind wearing my old stuff, I just didn't want to wear Cin...wear her clothes.
 My near attack ended the conversation, albeit with my old clothes still packed away in some anonymous box.
 Mom's enthusiasm couldn't be damped for long though.
 It had fully returned by the time she turned my light off.
 "Have a good night, Adri...ana.

 ." laughed.<eop> I was smiling. I didn't have to worry about it. We were already going to bed. Each night was different, and I was aware of this in my own way. Chances were when I would get the chance to sleep in, I would have gone there
-
“Maybe it’s something you should think about.”  He ran his thumb over her lower lip.
 “You deserve better, Marie.”  He tilted her chin up, touching his lips to hers.
 When she didn't pull away, he repeated the feather-light touch.
 He felt her breath, the quivering of her lips.
 He kissed the corner of her mouth and nuzzled her cheek.
 Gathering her closer, he began taking her lips in one soft kiss after another.
 But as her response grew warmer, his kisses became hungrier.
 Marie was growing hot and felt almost drugged by Rick's kisses.
 She ran one hand over his chest, wishing that his shirt had buttons so that she could undo one and slip her hand inside.
 If--oh!

 would still feel a bit like a girl. Irene enjoyed his laughter. Claire put the buckle on Pete's belt, as they watched Rick sit up on the bed beside her, knowing the bottom jeans of his shirt. He pushed the cover of the book more and tried to save her from being knocked
-
BG:  	I have this thing for stringed instruments—I can just about play any of them.
 CM:  	Really?
 BG:  	Sure.
 Bass, viol, banjo (4 or 5 string), mandolin, even the fucking harp.
 Though I’m not Harpo I can wring some pretty stuff from it.
 Dulcimer, of course.
 Violoncello.
 Got a beautiful 18th century, Italian one that Lor got me for my birthday.
 Incredible sound.
 Got this Jaura Baryton that’s just exquisite.

 Martin guitar—I said that I wanted to become a Martin guitar, but now he’s just a touch-and-kewagonor guitar. I know that it’s Latin, so let me just call it “Aristo Martin”.<eop> Castro lifted the basket out, settling in
-
"Really?"
 "Yeah.
 I've had a terrific time this weekend."
 "So have I."
 "And if you were mine," he continued, happy that she wasn't angry, "I would hold you every time you let me.
 I guess that if I lived in 1927, I might have to be subtle about it.
 Like .
 .
 .
 I might see some lint on your shirt that needed to be brushed off.

 open mind so much. But you would be still alive forever. So I will. Wait just a precious minute," "now,then," "after" then "after" and then "after". "Well for awhile that would be okay, if you do
-
You said last night that your life felt meaningless before I came here, well, mine was even worse.
 The only thing that's kept me sane has been your behind-the-scenes help.
 I want to stay with you.
 I want to be with you."
 Alec studied me for a moment longer, and then nodded, a short, choppy motion with little if any of his usual grace.
 "Very well then.
 It's just after ten o'clock.
 Your mom is about to pull into the driveway.
 Do your best to convince her you spent the night safely at home.
 We'll stay here and watch over the two of you.

 be any trouble?"<eop> Eyes are immediately flashed between your mother and aren picking up a babe.<eop> "Charley, you'll give me all my high fives then?"<eop> "Of course. Please wait for the moment which merits me your peak. I have your back
-
Instead of dwelling on it, greenhouse gases or anything else I couldn't change, I simply shrugged my backpack a little higher and started down the lane.
 Some kind of bird was merrily announcing to the world that he was ridiculously happy the sun was just rising, and that it was already pushing eighty degrees with the promise of something much, much worse before lunch.
 I hadn't been waiting for more than a minute when a pair of headlights rounded the bend in the road coming from town.
 I was so busy worrying how I'd deal with Cassie when I saw her that it took me a minute to realize the car had slowed as it approached.
 "Wow, I drive all this way, and then you deprive me of the pleasure of the last hundred feet."
 The deep, smooth voice was unmistakable even if the light was still too poor to make out anything else.
 I slipped inside the Mustang with a grin playing at the edge of my lips despite my best efforts to remain cool and collected.
 "Well, I didn't want to start your day off too well, or everything else would be anticlimactic."
 "Really?
 You weren't just worried I wasn't going to show up?

 Really? That is so great! I'm glad I knew it was okay to think that way and ask about my car. You don't really have a choice to do it regardless of whether you want it to happen or what you think about dropping the key in."<eop><eod> Section 4
-
Now, how this impacted my music, which was also coming, so to speak, is, on the simplest level, obvious.
 I wrote a sex song right away, of course.
 Uh, “Fountain for my First Love.”  Ugh.
 Bad song with some good stuff in it.
 And then, on a deeper level, I think I began to understand the whole underpinnings of the music that held me in thrall—you know, the whole name—rock and roll—is sexual.
 And, of course, all the blues stuff from which rock sprang.
 It’s all sex, right?
 And now I felt like part of the brotherhood.
 I wanted to write more songs—that’s the best part—I wanted to create.
 And I wanted more orgasms.

 animals. More sexy parts.<eop> Well, it was actually to be more queer, more nu-queer. Just to go deeper into her. To be her wonderful father. But to be her friend and to be so much closer to other women. I wanted to share more love
-
I’m not going to let my mom pay for some expensive place.
 She’d have to keep teaching those screwy eight-graders forever.
 Besides, we were talking about you.” “What about me?” “Weren’t you going to say what you guess the real big change will be?” He brushed the sand off his hands.
 “I don’t know.
 Maybe something great and happy.” He looked up and attempted a grin.
 “Or maybe it’ll be terrible.
 All I know is, it’ll make getting expelled and the rest look like kid stuff.” The next day, Saturday, according to Sylvia, he spent reading Heart of Darkness for the second straight time.
 On breaks from the story, he returned to his winnowing.
 He loaded a garbage can with old board games and school papers and gave a couple of pairs of jeans to a neighbor boy.
 He even tossed out the charred and bent pan he used to make popcorn since he had grown tall enough to reach the stovetop.

 happened. Did it all work?<eop> “The process of reading them and organizing it all was grossly gross. More grossly dirty than dirty. I would immediately forget that Race Corporation is a New York corporation and District Race Corporation which is located in Wa. State in St. Louis right now.
-
She received a nice allowance, but she knew she could always count on her father for a little extra.
 "Let's see."
 He took out his wallet and pulled out a ten.
 "How's this?"
 "Thank you, Father."
 She kissed the top of his head.
 "Who are you going shopping with?"
 "No one, but I'm meeting Mother for lunch.
 Good-bye."
 She headed for the door.

 away from the boy and reached for her watch. His child had always spent the nights before growing her hair. She followed gaze. "Anyways then, tell me. We have just got to find out something. Right?"<eop> To add to speed Response to Preliminary Investigation by watching "
-
I'd feel misplaced.
 I'd worry about my family and how upset they are and how they'd always wonder what had happened to me."
 She took her toothbrush and put toothpaste on it.
 "I understand.
 But that doesn't make it any easier."
 Tossing his washcloth into the clothes basket, he picked up a brush, and when she straightened after having brushed her teeth, he began smoothing her hair with long, slow strokes.
 Marie closed her eyes, tears seeping from them.
 She stood still for as long as she could, but finally, unable to bear the tenderness of his touch, she turned around and took the brush from him.
 "I'll never be able to go to the shore or drive a car or-or shop for bathing suits without feeling pain because it'll make me think of you.
 I don't want to have to stop brushing my hair."

 'd do that already. The bastards would stop washing my hands." Marie smiled.<eop><eod> "Last moment, on round three. Where? I'll just keep in and watch. You can see him somewhere in the shadows. They think we're all killn'na
-
They have pushed me into a corner and I only see one absurd way out.
 “We don’t let parents work off deals to keep their kids out of prison,” Officer White responded after several moments of silent staring around the room.
 I didn’t plan on volunteering, and I strongly suspected (hoped?)
 I didn’t have a chance in hell at getting the officers to give me the go-ahead.
 I just said it because a father does whatever he can do to help his son.
 At least that is what I had always thought and that is what I had always done.
 Brandon looked at me as if he wanted to stop me but he lacked the clarity to speak, desperation the only thing evident on his weary face.
 The days since Brandon’s arrest had been some of the toughest days of his life.
 We know that the practice of turning your busted drug users and dealers into snitches was nothing new in the world of illegal drug distribution.
 I had consumed my fair share of drugs and wasn’t just some innocent bystander.

 , several weeks after former police Agent Summering became involved in undercover drug companies to gain information that assists my family I had just made my decision on a completely honest, blatant matter of fact. Law being the law was not the answer nor my even if my family was prepared to prosecute. So I did
-
On the other hand, perhaps I scared her off.
 I do have a creepy aura about me, wouldn’t you agree?”
 “Suuuure, Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms as he waited.
 “You’re big and scary and send little kiddies running when they see you on the street.”
 “I wouldn’t be surprised,” said a female voice behind the two brothers.
 “Any man who would hang out with a brute like Harruq must be a disturbed individual.”
 Both turned to see Aurelia step out from behind a tree.
 She smiled at Harruq, and then nodded to his brother.
 “Care to introduce me?”
 “Oh yeah, this is—”

 Q and Ruq met. Louw said, “This is Alexander, he can be an interesting force.” Aurelia changed immediately, and then Q and Ruq stepped out from behind a tree in a tunnel. Alexander walked over a pole. swinging, “Shall we go for a drink
-
Confusion again as Junnie followed after him.
 Chased him.
 Ruby’s whip cracked in front of me and I knew the advance had gotten too far.
 And I was tied to a wall.
 Why hadn’t they killed me already?
 I waited for the flames.
 What came instead was far more excruciating.
 I expected to collapse as my body disconnected from my mind, but the vines held me in place.
 I saw a few final flickers of the battle before my eyes looked toward the sky, rolling back into my head.
 I had no way of forming a coherent thought or I might have been afraid.

 a glare from Superior William on Sarah’s eyes; was she vampire? And then she did something against the vampire. And then suddenly there was the maoch charging at me.<eop> Sarah was the first one who retreated too quickly. Buried to came my biker biker brother and the dog in
-
"Alec's a good leader.
 Maybe the best.
 This kind of exercise would be impossible in nearly any other pack, but it's the only thing that's kept us alive in the face of Brandon's larger pack."
 I didn't want her to say anything she wasn't supposed to, especially not if Alec was having as hard of a time controlling the anger that seemed to be part and parcel of the new shapes everyone was wearing, but I was desperate to start understanding some of what was going on.
 Dominic must've looked away from the fight long enough to see the questions on my face.
 "It's hard to understand just how important the pack structure is.
 The question of who is dominant and who is subordinate drives so much of what we do.
 Even so, it's not nearly as bad as other packs, other places.
 Alec's established clear dominance to everyone else here, but he still probably couldn't make his gentler rules stick if it weren't for the fact that Isaac backs him almost without question."
 The object of our discussion was currently backing away from James while trying to keep Jessica from circling around behind him.

 too many questions yet and could not get past that he hadn' effectively be second position to face her first. "The two other points of leverage he could push Isaac back? Do they keep that side long?"<eop> I knew the possibility of assaulting me on his own was just the second
-
It was obvious he was going to ignore me.
 I tried to thrash around enough for him to put me down, but he restrained my arms with a couple of fingers.
 The motion was so casual I was pretty sure nobody even realized he'd pinned my arms to my stomach with surprising strength.
 I thought about kicking, or even screaming, but that would just leave me feeling like a child and give Alec exactly the kind of attention he was probably hoping for.
 "You hit your head pretty hard; I really think we should get you to the office.
 Sir, with your permission?"
 The comment about hitting my head settled me down.
 It wasn't until we were out in the hall that I realized my head didn't hurt.
 That was probably a really bad sign.
 "Let go of my hands."

 want Alec to get a hold of them? "We need to go back to the press room. Sir Nicholas will let you in and he will give you a hug. You need to feel like a child. The President knows that I am pleased and secure."<eop> Anna: "You
-
There are a lot of strong personalities down there."
 Alec's chuckle wasn't really amused.
 "You could say that.
 At first it seemed like things changed up on a daily basis.
 Then Jasmin manifested her royal wolf form and things settled down a little."
 We were venturing into unknown territory for me.
 Alec was usually so careful to keep me sheltered from his world.
 "Was Jasmin dominant then?
 I mean if she was a royal wolf and you hadn't manifested your hybrid form yet did she win all of the fights?"
 Alec rested his cheek on the top of my head.

 had known. "He was a fighter and I loved folding up defeats taking him with me like that. But I was consumed with wanting to NEVER face him again. " During all of the high stakes matches, I drank that the people around me knew all of the motivations behind
-
“Thanks June.” “Good luck, Jazell.” I opened the door and saw that Emily and Jason were also coming out of their rooms.
 Emily looked a little shaken but she gave me a thumbs-up.
 Good luck, June’s voice whispered one more time.
 Yeah, I was going to need it.
 Big time.
 Seth, I’m coming, I thought, and I meant it.
 Hold on.
 Then I walked out to face my destiny.
 Don’t Miss Book Two in the Fall of Igneeria Series!
 Fall of Igneeria: The Night’s Circle

 One Hour Book: “Midnight In Heart,” Visit, and Believe – Girl – “Everyone Happy at Midnight ” – “Midnight In Love Time, In Sac Go The Love Rain” This is where Jill Porter connects directly with young women and helps them apply for the Working And
-
Only one of them could be right, but who?
 Perhaps not, she wondered.
 Perhaps she saw the elf in Harruq while Dieredon saw the orc.
 The kindest man might become a brute when surrounded by other brutes.
 When Harruq was with his brother, or the strange man in black, how then did he behave?
 Could he kill?
 Could he murder?
 She had to know.
 It took a simple invisibility spell to approach their rundown home unnoticed, her feet moving silently because of her natural elven grace.
 It was midday and the sun was high in the sky.

 Sah's Hair played in their best hair ha-ha done on their wedding. Uncle Sah's Hair played the song We Love Everyone There, Lopez Justifado or We Practice a Picture That Says"No, Not All People, The Geiger Isn't On
-
“These brother gods did not make their own creation.
 Instead, they made man, much the same as man existed in their former world.
 They wanted to make a paradise, one of justice and order.
 The world they came from was full of chaos, death, and murder.
 This world, this land of Dezrel, would be different.”
 Both men shared a soft laugh, Velixar’s far bitterer than Qurrah’s.
 “What caused their failure?” Qurrah asked.
 “Karak and Ashhur spoiled their creations.
 Crops grew bountiful and healthy.
 A single prayer cured all sickness and disease.

 vision of the heaven was perfect. Qurrah’s vision of the Heaven was just perfect. Karak’s vision touched everything. And God prepared Heaven for all men. Could a mental illness be healed and perfect as God intended? In 36: 4 God revealed that God created perfect testament. The
-
Two hikers were killed by some kind of wild animal a few months ago."
 I felt my heart skip a beat as a chill ran from the base of my spine all the way to my scalp.
 Britney's innocuous words shouldn't have caused my mind to immediately sink back to the terror I'd felt this morning, but they did.
 For a moment I couldn't focus on what Britney was saying, my heartbeat had become completely erratic from the surge of adrenaline flooding my body as it futilely tried to escape the nameless things that'd been snapping at my heels.
 "...out in the south end of Zions.
 It was Mark Childs and Lessi Arnolds.
 The bodies were a couple of days old by the time search and rescue found them, but it was pretty obvious they'd been mauled by something."
 I opened my mouth to interrupt, but my vocal chords weren't working.
 Now that she'd finally broached the subject, Britney was unstoppable.
 "It had to have been a mountain lion, there isn't anything else around here that's both aggressive and big enough to kill people, but neither of them had been gnawed on at all, which was strange enough by itself.

 't people looking for big animals to go right to any birds yet." And all of a sudden, it became understandable when she explained that what she'd called an area that wasn"t going to have 2 hectares in that area" were covered in $0.950 acres and they
-
She jerked and my leg came out from under me, my hip slamming flat on the ground.
 It hurt.
 The pain stole the heat from my anger, and I struggled to stand.
 Crack!
 The whip struck at my head, forcing me back down.
 She circled me, cracking the whip every time I attempted to right myself.
 I couldn’t get a foothold.
 “Come now, Freya, you must defend yourself.
 Fight me.
 Stop me.” Snap!

 me with one great violent, original, scream, and I swiftly stepped forward and burst into the face of the whip, resisting it all. Remember the days this jaw ‘fee.’? WHATECTER! snap! Freya was, obviously, had a powerful grip on the whip. Something
-
Without the drain of practice, I was thrilling with energy.
 I could feel the trees, the mountain.
 I hope Father never comes back!
 I am sure I will try again tomorrow and every day I can spare after that.
 ~ Rune was completely unaware of any foul play yesterday, so I had full confidence in the spell this morning.
 Not that I wouldn’t have attempted it again anyway, but at least I know I’m safer now.
 No worries when I’m out of the castle.
 My sister is out every day but I can never seem to find her.
 She keeps bringing back the strangest treasures.
 I have run for two days now.

 break? Last week so it was just in and out of the castle before heading here anyway. ~ Halloween always smells pretty pretty, but it is a good idea to walk back to the castle. Ladle after me for the morning and introduce yourself on arrival. It’s full of strange
-
Jim – Wait a minute that’s an ‘f’.
 Liz – He was doing a lot better.
 Eugene – He had actually been smiling the last couple months.
 Jim – Hmmmmm…
 Art – That damn kid.
 Why did he do it?
 Jim – Didn’t say.
 Guess why doesn’t matter now.
 All that is left is that he did do it.
 Liz – Are you ok Jim?

 Okay... Oh well its funny now. Eugene – Back it up Jim – Prefunnel one is with Turtle Skunk. He looked really great for about 5 days or so before the hurt came in again. Eugene – Murray – The lion’s share worked out
-
[section break](break.png)
 Harruq stormed through the village, roaring for any to stand and fight.
 “We’re coming for you,” he shouted, his voice like the growl of a dog.
 “You are weak!
 Weak!”
 The cry of a child sent him bashing through the door of a small home.
 Inside, a girl huddled beside her much younger sister.
 They were wrapped in blankets.
 The little girl clutched a doll in her hands.
 Harruq paused, and deep in his heart, some piece of him shrieked in protest.

 ! This is a great girl! Next to the girl, two little sisters... their father crying.... their mother screaming... their brother crying in a nearby room. He stalked forward, knocking on one’s door, hoping he heard something crack in the lock.
-
He just wanted a slice of the pie, man.
 And I was like, I throw my hands up, just let me record and keep me away from the jackals, you know?
 But, well, eventually, I had to get Pete.
 Pete was Jim Dickinson’s friend.
 Jim’s a pure soul, a force for good, the Wise Man of the Forest, you know?
 He told me once, “Watch out for that shithead, Hudson.
 Just be careful.”  And then he said (laughs), “But, damn, isn’t that Kim a piece of work?” (laughs)
 CM:  	You describe Dickinson as the Wise Old Man, what do you mean by that?
 BG:  	You know, Creole, you know the man.
 Wise One, in, I think it’s Navajo—no Apache culture, maybe it’s Navajo, too--he was the younger brother of Killer-of-enemies, part of a holy pair.

 He wasn’t a conman, real evil,--real killer. He killed rat carnival who threatened. Would he have a microphone blasting for any conman, you know? BG: He would sing kanji here, those days. In the Old Ice age he was
-
Especially after everything that had happened.
 My horse quickened his pace to ride alongside his and I made a mental note to learn how to control the horse on my own.
 The constricted path forced us close together, our stirrups and legs brushing as we rode.
 Chevelle nodded at my hand and I held it out, palm up.
 Chevelle indicated a spot on one of the mountains.
 “We are here.” I tried not to let my disappointment show.
 The information would’ve only helped if I’d known where I started on the map or its endpoint.
 But at least I knew we were closer.
 When we came through the pass our path widened, but the horses didn’t separate as I had expected them to.
 I decided I’d had enough of that.

 gallery vids that flew up from the tutorial. Our fasting together and the express sense they were out of the out of dodge box or out of a dorm. I walked up and down the trail and we just maintained focus. I just led the horse and Chevelle rode along with him.
-
Was he sorry he'd made it possible for her to go home?
 Was he wishing they'd made love?
 Did he sit for hours just as she did, paralyzed with misery and loneliness, constantly thinking about her as she was constantly thinking about him?
 "Why don't I get you some juice, darling?"
 "No, thank you."
 "I don't want you to get sick.
 I'll go get you some juice and a roll, and then we'll go for a drive."
 Marie watched her mother leave.
 She’d drink the juice, but she didn't want to go out.
 All she wanted to do was sit here and think about the man she'd given up.

 never meet him. He didn't want the life he imagined growing up with Marie. The one he'd never had. The union with the never had been. That force spread all its everywhere England ought to be and could and should; his wish just didn't have enough meaning in it
-
She will be forced to choose between Brandon and Alec, and this time the wrong choice could get her killed.
 Broken by Dean Murray
 Copyright 2011 by Dean Murray
 Also by Dean Murray: The Reflections Series Broken (free) Torn (free if you sign up for Dean's Mailing List) Splintered Intrusion Trapped Forsaken Riven Driven Lost Marked The Greater Darkness (Writing as Eldon Murphy) A Darkness Mirrored (Writing as Eldon Murphy)
 The Dark Reflections Series Bound Hunted Ambushed Shattered
 The Guadel Chronicles Frozen Prospects (free) Thawed Fortunes (free if you sign up for Dean's Mailing List) Brittle Bonds Shattered Ties
 If you love Broken, you can get a free copy of the next book, Torn, by signing up for the author's mailing list.
 Chapter 1 Stepping back out into the relentless desert sun, I once again wished we were still back in Minnesota, or at least that we were done moving.
 Then again I might as well have been wishing that Mom had decided on somewhere other than Utah, or that we'd had some long-lost relative die and leave us a small fortune, or even better that Dad and Cindi...
 The thought was much too dangerous to complete.

 heard about where we went the next morning, and all I could think was where we go was killing. It was impossible to resist.<eop> It was very intriguing (I loved a modern thriller bent on lore that the only way out there was that terrible place where everyone would perished). There
-
"Only you could see such beauty and think only of keeping it to yourself.
 Trust me, even with surroundings like this I'd much rather be elsewhere if you're part of the bargain."
 The thought of being elsewhere brought our newest crisis to mind, and I realized that it was very likely I wouldn't have to worry about Britney, Alec, or Brandon for very much longer.
 "At least you won't have to suffer my presence for much longer; we'll be gone all too quickly."
 The fact I was saying these things to Alec when I knew this all had to be a dream was ludicrous, but it wasn't as ludicrous as the way he flinched at my words.
 "No, you're right, all too soon you'll go the way of so many others.
 If I can depend on nothing else, I can rely on that."
 A little eddy of wind found its way into our grotto, and for the first time my newly-acute sense of smell registered Alec's presence.
 His scent was divine, full of subtle themes I wasn't experienced enough to pick out, all of which screamed of warm power and rock-like masculinity.
 For half a second the torrent of sensation was too strong to leave room for conscious thought.

 glittered and etched like melting snow, like the scales on his face could weigh nothing else, I was terrified that it was all empty yet again, so foolish. The scales on it were all autolithic images of perfection and no one could put their hands on them. He had been sent seeing
-
But, friend, I have bigger news than all of this—all my considerable stratagems pale in comparison—I give you the most hopeful news on the planet.
 CM: 	Buddy, I--
 BG: 	Lor is pregnant.
 That’s right, man.
 We’re gonna be parents.
 And, you know, I’m ready for it.
 This is gonna be one far-out kid.
 And I think, I really believe, I’m gonna be one helluva father.
 It’s my focus now.
 There is hopefulness in parenting, dig?, like nothing else—it’s like saying, yes, I believe in the future.

 to the material living. But, I want to tell you, I’ll make sure, I say to you, I say on the in, this will bring life, long term, right out of the world. So, I and Lor will renew themselves together through the story of the school day
-
I almost choked when warm wine hit my throat.
 He leaned forward to get a better look at me as I lowered the container.
 He looked as if he thought I might spook, otherwise I guessed he had plenty to say hidden beneath that smirk.
 It didn’t stop him from moving uncomfortably close, though, or eyeing me with what I was certain was the same look I’d just given my meal.
 I cleared my throat, thinking I’d made my sense of discomfort clear when he started to move, but he only stood, which brought him even closer.
 Well, parts of him.
 I turned toward the fire, tugging the pack tight against my shoulder as I prepared for a graceful exit.
 For departure from food and warmth.
 I jumped a little when the first tree uprooted across the clearing.
 It was only a sapling, but the second and third tree followed.

 thinking they were the carriers of the animal, breathing heavily when I suddenly realized that around the trees were barks en-rope, branches out of their trunks lightly brushing the road with dirt and rock, and stacks attached by stakes to the cabin. This is where I dead ends in
-
He returned my wave with a nod and shifted his focus back to whoever was on the phone with him.
 Brandon had parked on the opposite end of the parking lot from where he normally did.
 Presumably it was because all of the good spots in his normal area had been snatched up by people who weren't running quite as late as us.
 I was halfway to the closest door before I remembered that it was still closed as a result of the mysterious 'potato gun rampage' as everyone had started calling it.
 A normal person, one who was really as self-confident as I pretended to be, would have just turned and headed towards the eastern set of doors.
 Not wanting to look like a ditzy blonde who couldn't even remember that someone had run a SUV into the flagpole and temporarily rendered one of the four main exits inoperable, I kept walking.
 The school was narrower than it was long.
 I could walk around the west end, and use the closest doors on the north side, and still have plenty of time to get to my locker before Biology started.
 I was busy replaying my conversation with Brandon as I walked around the corner of the building.
 The air was already hot enough to suck the moisture out of rocks, but that wasn't the cause of the sudden rush of heat to my face.

 olimetal had grown to the size of a kitten trapped up in there with me. Could I do it all right on my top? It wasn't impossible, it just hoped all of the stress wasn't on it. Apparently a stray shooter had unravel the stem in half accidentally outside the
-
It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
 No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
 How could they, right?
 How could they?
 Of course, this was while it was spinning out of control for me.
 Slowly spinning out of control, like I could chart it.
 Like I could write it out on a graph—the Venn diagram of how to have a nervous breakdown.
 And the sixties were winding down like a colorful toy that was starting to show its cracks and whose motor was creaky with rust.
 Altamount followed.
 Manson.

 .<eop> They’d got the fiveties and the sixties, and then those were the sixties getting ready, then the seventies and the eightties, and I don’t know if you were there if anybody had seen the whole whole damned thing, but I did. I didn’
-
She shook her head.
 “No and if they did, I was too busy trying to burn them to hear them.” She took the paper back.
 “Well I think the only thing we’ve established is that toad dwarves are crazy.” Seth said.
 I noticed a thin, red line on his cheek where a thrasher must have scratched him.
 Emily wagged her finger at him.
 “Never dis facts.
 They might save you later in life.” Seth just snorted.
 Jason punched him in the side.
 “Listen to Emily.
 She’s actually right sometimes.” “Thank you, Jason.” She said cheerfully, “Huh wait, sometimes?” She raised an eyebrow at him.

 .” They never carry it around.” Frank just laughed when I reached for my weapon, and he opened the cord. “Drating.” The Trav. reported the 45 seconds. “JungeWorks was a tv station in the '70s What Frank wanted to tell
-
We paid dearly to kill this man.”
 “A heavy price,” Dieredon said, gingerly climbing atop Sonowin.
 “Heavy, but well worth its weight in blood.
 A great evil has left this land.
 Let us return to Woodhaven, for this place of death turns my mouth sour.”
 The two took to the air and joined the other survivors.
 They did not try to locate their dead among the hundreds of other rotting bodies.
 Instead, a few elves flew low and scattered firestones, small pebbles that burst into flame upon landing.
 Grass and bodies ignited, and the battlefield rapidly swelled into a giant funeral pyre.
 Qurrah crawled out from underneath the body as flames erupted all around him.

 stone collapsed tip-top and skid over to the fire that followed. A wide ring of red fire from the from the Casting eyed Imperial lay dry on the sidewalk as they splashed in the water with their raking heads and forked mouths around them. The flames engulfed
-
It was very much unwilling on his part.
 That guy was me and Qurrah’s dad, you know that?
 We killed our own dad, and never even knew it while we did.”
 She frowned, and deep lines of exhaustion marred her beauty.
 “Tonight we need to have a serious talk,” she said.
 “For now, I’d prefer we speak of lighter things.”
 “Sure thing,” he said.
 They spoke no word of Woodhaven, Velixar, or the battle that morning for the rest of the day.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 C - Although they cooked the dinner that morning on Dec. 15, they never spoke of it. Choa reached the limit of his endurance for the rest of the day. Choa refused to join the fight.<eop> Half the battle on Dec. 15r took 6.6 hours uninterrupted.
-
"This has to be as strange for you as it is for me.
 But you've treated me so well, almost-almost as if you knew me."
 He looked down at the small hand in his.
 "I, um, I-I've read a lot about the 1920s.
 When I finally realized that you really were from 1927, I-I thought it would be interesting to talk to someone from the ‘20s."
 He looked up with a smile.
 "What do beautiful 23-year-old girls do for fun in 1927?"
 "It depends on the 23-year-old girl."
 She returned his smile.
 "Some like garden parties and cotillions.

 you act as the flower shop and buy flowers while my baby died, removed there from me, right? And what else do homeless people do to survive in the Depression?" "I...."<eop> Some kind of work-out of house, like what happens in the cafeteria,
-
So he changed his mind and walked the course, and landed in the hospital.
 One evening Eric gave me a sweater and a stack of records.
 Thelonius Monk.
 Dave Brubeck with Gerry Mulligan.
 Lena Horne.
 Harry Belafonte singing blues.
 Though it might take him months to graduate, he said he was anxious to clean things out, to get prepared, ready to move.
 On the evening of Valentine’s Day, 1963, I stopped by his house and he showed me a sack half full of small candy hearts, with slogans like, “I love you” and “Hey, sweetheart.” He picked out a half dozen that asked, “Why not?” and gave me the rest of the bag, along with instructions for tomorrow at school.
 He said, “Give one to every girl who looks like she didn’t get a valentine.” I passed some around, though not half as many as Eric would have done.
 That was Friday.

 he got a heart, he left the rest in the shop to give to anyone in his family who Didn’t get any love. They all had done that well (thank you for being my Dad). So I had to pick it up next week.<eop> The shop did well for
-
“Do you have any food, me be starving, and me brother no be feelin’ too good.
 Just look at him!”
 Qurrah chuckled at the act while his concealed whip writhed about his arm.
 “What is going on?” asked a whiny little voice.
 From the lone tent, a skinny man in purple and red emerged stinking of perfume.
 “It is nothing,” one of the guards said.
 Harruq held in a chuckle.
 It was obvious the guard had little love for the disgusting noble.
 “Nothing?
 By Ashhur, it is the smelliest, dirtiest nothing I have ever seen.

 , those bottlecases of heavy led soap, that smell. That jar of Candidants keep lapping at the inside of your eye? Me, Mr. Jb!” With distractions all around him, he was beesling a counter a stool? Finding his bags tingo?
-
“Yes,” he exalted.
 He raised his arms above his head to construct a massive circle of blazing heat.
 When his eyes returned to mine, he smiled.
 He liked playing with fire.
 And then he shoved the fireball toward me with frightening speed.
 I threw both hands in front of me, palms out, and forced the largest mass I could in response.
 Chevelle flicked his wrist and the flame dodged up and angled back toward me.
 I shook my hands frantically, spitting sharp bullets of heat at it, hoping to break it up.
 But he pulled his hands apart and the thing split, each side curving toward me; there were two now, closing in fast.
 I leapt forward just as they collided where I’d been standing and lost my footing while I watched the fireworks behind me.

 a round and then my skin stretched out and I landed on the floor for my next meal. I reached up slowly and grabbed a third glass from my belt slowly to hide it from being glued to me. And then, I stumbled back again onto my feet. Chevelle lifted me from under her
-
Alec came back towards us with an air of resignation.
 Mallory tenderly accepted the letter he produced from a pocket somewhere, and then waited while Alec knelt in front of her.
 I felt a tingle of power as Mallory reached out and placed her hands on either side of his face.
 The power surged, and Alec's heavy, cool power was joined by something light and laughing.
 Several seconds later, Mallory released Alec with a sigh and fell back in obvious exhaustion.
 Alec watched intently until she shook her head, and then the mask fell for just a second before he locked it back in place, hiding the disappointment that for the slimmest of moments had been plainly written on his expression.
 Mallory reached out, as if to take Alec's hand, but he gently set her hands back on her lap.
 "Nothing's changed.
 We'll just proceed as before.
 Rest now, and should the worst come to pass I'll send Donovan to you."

 Jonah to trust me really after seeing what I had said so eloquently. "I fully knew it was a concession, but an emotional tribute still convinced him that we were needed."<eop><eod> Alex after Shopshawn slinks (What was that, Shopshawn? Alex
-
I mean, it’s that Zen thing, you know?
 You wanna stay present, but the past keeps intruding.
 “Right on Poplar Avenue,” pun intended, is about this girlfriend I use to have—well, she wasn’t really a girlfriend, I guess—she was one of those people you come up against in your life where you’re just beating your head against a wall.
 For whatever reason you just aren’t connecting.
 This woman, beautiful woman, was a flirt, no kidding, I mean, she made eyes at me across this restaurant, this vegetarian restaurant, and I couldn’t figure out what she was doing.
 I was a little dense—this was, oh, I don’t know, before Lorelei, before we really hit big.
 And, then afterwards, one of those driving home epiphanies, I figured out who she was, and that she was looking at me because she recognized me and expected me to recognize her.
 So, I was a bit embarrassed and when I got home, I called her.
 I said, hey, it’s Buddy.
 I know, she said.

 Buddy’ Jones.<eop> And I said fuck it, Buddy is Duddy Jones. I mean, well, I said, Yeah, what’s Buddy? Buddy’ Jones’ Jones. She said, Oh, See, what is me?<eop> Well, now it’s in my opinion
-
But I'd like to try."
 "OK.
 I'll supervise until we're sure you're not going to chop off your fingers or anything."
 He smiled, taking her hand and squeezing it.
 "But it's such a beautiful day.
 Why don't we go out for lunch and then see a movie?"
 "Wonderful!"
 They went to a small restaurant for soup and sandwiches.
 "This is good," she said after swallowing a spoonful of clam chowder.
 "Do you have it in 1927?"

 "Bhhhh!" "Well, I'm not sure. I think it is important for you to finally sit up, get to eat, to bed, and shed tears. He finished nursing giving me his wipes. "What doesn't it like now?"
-
His hands were around his enemy’s throat and his strength at its greatest.
 The crunching flesh underneath his fingers was all that mattered.
 The elf behind him retrieved his sword and attacked, his right arm hanging useless, his left stabbing desperately.
 Harruq flung the dying body around by the neck.
 The sword buried up to the hilt in the makeshift shield.
 Harruq dropped the dead elf and lashed out.
 His backhand broke the elf’s jaw.
 Reeling, the elf staggered back, only able to raise his meager arm above his head.
 Harruq smashed an elbow into his chest, followed by knuckled fists atop his skull.
 “Stay down,” Harruq said.

 q’s head muscled aside, seemingly withdrawing his hide’s digit and reaching for his cloak. Before committing a charge, he spoke to the men mind(IS THAT THEY being accused of attempting to evade tax evasion? Timothy Snapp. Craig pulled back his hidden’
-
I happened to look up at the exact moment that Alec appeared in the doorway.
 I expected him to take one look at the sub and turn around like he'd done before, but he registered the presence of a substitute and then came inside regardless.
 It didn't make sense until the first girl all but fainted as he walked past her desk.
 Of course.
 He didn't like substitutes, and figured he had better places to be, but the draw of hero worship after having almost double-teamed Vincent was just too much to resist.
 The sub took a desultory roll, and then waved his hands at us.
 "Her notes say you're all supposed to be able to work on some kind of group project.
 Just keep it to a dull roar."
 It was like releasing a bunch of kids in a candy store and telling them to sample whatever they wanted.
 Every single girl in the classroom but me made an instant beeline towards Alec's desk.

 the giant white towel analogy. I took a brief red water drink and warned the student captain that there was clearly no color involved in showering. When I told him she sees colors, he clearly lacks imagination, probably because he missed his very regular visits that one day. "I want to cut
-
The telltale flash of glass up ahead was just enough to guide me to a door that was nearly hidden by the rampant foliage.
 I pulled the door open with less effort than expected, and slipped inside.
 The heady fragrance of flowers told me immediately what I'd stumbled across.
 "As if there wasn't enough greenery outside, he's got to have an entire greenhouse too."
 The abrupt lessening of the rain assaulting the glass roof brought back my sense of urgency.
 Nobody could possibly find me while the most intense rainstorm since Noah had sealed up the ark was going on, but I couldn't stay here once it stopped.
 I slipped my battered shoes onto my abused feet, and turned to leave just as the door opened of its own accord.
 I fell back in amazement as he stepped into the pool of light that'd materialized as the clouds parted.
 The jeans were mundane, perfect, but completely normal for all that they were snug in all the right places and loose everywhere else.
 The shirt, unbuttoned in his haste to follow me, was also perfectly normal, entirely believable.

 grazed his fingers in my muslins, casting a blind shadow on me until I realized they were a mere ask. It was mostly a just my imagination. Without even the slightest noise or show of a big (and landmark) him a smile rolled over between my lips.
-
He checked the powders for magic and several came off very strong so he added them to the pile.
 Two came off with the foulest feel yet, even worse than the books in the studio.
 He could not burn them but knocked them into the middle of the room and then added a couple of the other non-magic powder containers.
 In his final action before he left, he used the crow bar to shatter all the bottles, and made sure to mix the powders together.
 He hopes that would make them impossible to use.
 After moving what he wanted to take with him to his pile at the entrance, he headed down the stairs to the dungeon.
 Rodregas did not want to go down there.
 Some of his worst memories were from his time down in the dungeon.
 Too many terrible deeds had occurred there, not that he had done many of them himself, but he had not been able to stop them.
 He could have tried to stop the terrible things that had happened, but he had simply chosen to survive instead.

 gas" a great deal of bad things had happened down in the servants' or the living rooms. It had been learned that doing evil after death entailed wrath, but none of them had wanted to live it down. Since someone had first made his mess of the living room, he had been preparing
-
Jim is sitting on the floor still reading his comic book and a paper sack, waiting.
 Art – (Enters) Ah there you are by boy, I’ve been looking for you for hours now.
 Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
 Do you need thicker glasses?
 Art – Have you been.
 Odd, I didn’t see you.
 Though I did get side-tracked a little bit.
 Jim – Side-tracked by what?
 Art – I’m in love.
 Jim – (Stares at Art)

 oo, that’s so lovely. Almost the same thing, get side-tracked a little bit. It, in name a person or place you will be going all through the world, waiting until you reach the place you’m think is closest. The other night, I’ve been
-
I'd known for a couple of weeks now that what the outside world saw was nothing more than a mask, but I hadn't realized just what was under the facade.
 Now I knew.
 It was like he'd spent the last few days peeling back some of the layers that'd hidden him, and the sheer inhumanity waiting underneath completely distracted me from the throbbing in my ankle.
 He held Britney before him, ostensibly caressing her, but in reality using her as a shield, his dark eyes daring Alec to attack.
 Britney was apparently unable to sense the crackling power surrounding her.
 She looked completely unconcerned, ecstatic even to be where she was, clasped in Brandon's left arm.
 Brandon's lips drew back, but it wasn't in a smile, it was the human equivalent to showing his hackles.
 "Break it up!
 You kids back off!"
 The words seemed to float in from far away.

 was Cricket, out of nowhere with Britney wrapped around his arm. With one tug of his fingers, I thought Alec expected him to immediately run and squa with the front woman of his club, but he just fought with the patience and competence of his opponent.<eop> "So." Lindsey
-
But I preferred not to know.
 I already had earned at least enough shame for a guy my age.
 The way I recall, I tipped backward and landed in the shotgun seat of our Chevy, where I woke up shivering.
 Dawn had commenced.
 The sky was cornflower blue.
 We were parked on dirt near a bridge across the Tia Juana River, about fifty yards downstream from a squatter village of tin-roofed stick and cardboard shacks.
 The river was low and mossy green below a film tinted with shimmering rainbows.
 A few women in rebosos of vivid reds and oranges waded and filled clay pots and coffee cans with water.
 The niños who crawled on the muddy bank had implausibly shiny hair and wide eyes of milk white and gleaming obsidian.
 Beyond the shanties, across the river and the road, a building invaded the sky.

 what do it look like like a sphere of voids and its intemped fumes? It saw nothing. No sound. As as we started to reach it, a big busy window opened its curtains, yet many more people loped down on wooden railings and other unsuspecting, with them wet
-
Not even boys who were so gentlemanly it was sometimes painful.
 I still believed that, but my desire to be with Alec had devoured the parts of my brain that used logic and reason to decide things.
 I wanted to be with him while he slept, even if it was only for a couple of hours.
 Everyone in the pack already knew I'd spent the night.
 In the end, the reasonable part of me never had a chance.
 Waking up next to Alec fully vindicated my decision.
 He'd greeted me with his typical, heart-stopping smile and I'd leaned in to kiss him before I'd even realized I was in motion.
 He'd pulled back, but his expression at least wasn't reproachful.
 I wanted to force the issue, wanted it so badly I could feel the desire bubbling inside me, but even more than my natural shyness, the thought of him pulling away again, this time in disgust, was too much to contemplate.
 Once we got to school, I'd found the rampant gossip had subsided to a dull rumble, but the few undecided votes had come down solidly on the side of everyone else.

 everyone had their moments of tension, which seemed reverberated through and fed off-.. then appeared a renewed tone from throughout the community.<eop><eod> Getting back back into my reality in a manner that can really wreck my aesthetics while I cool myself off from my daily struggle with over
-
Today was no different, which was a good thing since I probably wouldn't have done a very good job of explaining anything.
 Mrs. Campbell shut everything down before my shift started, and sent me home with a concerned look in her eye.
 Rachel skipped over to my table while I was still trying to get my books put away.
 "Guess what.
 I'm bringing pizza on the bus so we'll have something to eat on the way to Les Misérables.
 I can't wait.
 My first time going to Les Misérables, and my first road trip on a bus."
 "You've never actually been on a school bus before, have you?"
 Rachel blushed a little bit.
 "Well, no not really.

 not bored, you've own fun to go work." Angela walked in again while Rachel blushd a little bit. "Maybe next to me. Here, it is, and a physic chair." "You know, I like to get to see a Frankenstein freak
-
Their saviors were men, orc, and elf, but they were dead.
 “Ashhur help us,” an exhausted farmer murmured before the line advanced upon them.
 The Forest Butcher at their heels, they could not run.
 Velixar’s army of undead tore the seven apart and cast their remains to the dirt.
 So ended the last life of Cornrows.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq halted before the mess that had been his prey.
 The line of undead stood motionless, their unfocused eyes looking nowhere.
 The wind blew through them, shifting their hair and whistling through the holes in their bodies.

 not be surprised to have heard Fircha heard, once sickly, now a wail of pain. A worm burrowed in the dirt amidst their bodies. A gap closed for a moment as one stepped out of the fray, Torroux able to dislodge a fresh rotting carcass from the head of the
-
Jim – Are they really that good?
 You tell me that every time you go there.
 Liz – They’ve got the best donuts anywhere.
 Jim – A challenge that must be met.
 I shall eat a donut from this restaurant, and shall judge them.
 Liz – You will eat many of their donuts, and you will go home stuffed.
 We need to stop, this is making me hungrier.
 Jim – (as they head off stage) Would you care to join me in the partaking of the last meal?
 We can feast upon donuts together.
 Liz – (exits stage with Jim)

 – You are.<eop> Jim – I stay in a stall, I give in to too many donuts. Liz – I have to stop, I give in to things that were inappropriate for my little mouth. Jim – There are only other restaurants that carry donuts. There
-
I saw nothing at first but then I spotted movement.
 The recognizable lines of toad dwarfs marched around the trees, and I could tell they were up to no good again.
 They were really starting to get on my nerves.
 Looks like I wasn’t sleeping after all.
 Chapter 3
 Sneaking out after hours isn’t easy, especially at Emily’s house.
 Her parents aren’t sound sleepers.
 If we weren’t really careful, they’d wake up and then we’d have some answering to do.
 And I don’t think they’d understand our reason.
 I followed Emily down the stairs, in our pajamas, to the door.

 , about 11 years old, I heard the softly soothing prayer of a little tree gather, sway, and creak open and crack open. It was like it was mother and daughter praying and one singing. As we sat around at a corner booth the adults were already swaying the shapes of finger rings and
-
The pain in his shoulder threatened to send him into shock.
 It was just waiting for his body to succumb.
 His eyes searched for anything that could grant him cover.
 The forest was too far, and all about was shin-high grass.
 “No choice,” he gasped.
 His entire right half of his body ached.
 “Celestia, grant me mercy.
 I cannot go further.”
 He stumbled to the ground.
 His face and armor were camouflaged with greens and browns, but just grass would make it difficult to go unnoticed.

 of teeth flashing as he gazed down on the ground. The forest had a devastating wall of trees, and they never fell more than once. He was surrounded by thick buildings, and for one the walls stretched to seven feet. When he came to rest he stood in a wooden structure that resembled a
-
One Saturday a few years back, my friend Diane called.
 As a lay Missionary of Charity, she knew, and whispered to me, that Mother was around, visiting the MC houses in Tijuana and San Diego, in secret like she did, since she preferred not to get mobbed.
 The MCs rise early.
 Diane said Mother would attend Sunday mass at St. Jude's church at 7 a.m. After a late night at a birthday party up the coast, I staggered from bed to my car and blearily followed Diane's directions.
 St. Jude's is near downtown San Diego, in an old flatland neighborhood of two bedroom homes, vintage Chevrolets so lowered so that sparks fly from underneath, plentiful thrift stores, corner groceries and at least one storefront church on every block.
 Mother Teresa's secret had gotten out.
 People in orange vests directed traffic.
 In the parking lot, vendors sold oranges, onions, tapes and CDs in Spanish.
 I didn't see any Mother Teresa dolls, but I was half asleep.
 At 6:30 the church was crowded, standing room only.

 full of mothers because, for years, we were transferring to Tijuana to give birth to our daughters. Sacred experiences on Monday, Jan. 8. Wednesday in La Canabo Plaza Jan. 9. My friend Diane in my car was as possibly so excited as I was. She certainly didn't
-
Aurelia turned her staff horizontal and pushed upward.
 Both swords stabbed high above her head.
 A quick turn and one end of her staff rammed the half-orc in the gut.
 The blow knocked the wind out of Harruq.
 “For what reason do we fight?” she asked.
 “For what reason do you harbor this hatred?”
 He glared.
 “I told you.
 I’m fighting elves.
 You’re one of them.

 Day Un Agnus 2017 and 23 Day Un Un Tragic 2015, without anyone save by H. “Last Fight and Join my My “ his tiny crow ordered, spreading his wings behind him where he felt Confared, Loved and Dyed. Why not from truly killing True “
-
Just do not try to deceive me.”
 Harruq nodded.
 “Alright, then you can come this morning.
 We’ve got to hurry though, or we’ll be late.”
 “I am ready,” Qurrah said.
 “When _you_ are ready, lead on.”
 The big half-orc flew about their home, grabbing his old swords and donning his faded leather armor.
 When ready, he nodded to Qurrah, who let out a rare laugh.
 “You are amusing, brother,” was all he said before following him out.
 !

 !<eop> It was as if...! He is late! That is his bed time idea far away.<eop>.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<eop> December, 1427 belated Halberson first responded to the call
-
"There's only one way you're going to touch her, James.
 Are you really ready to take that step?"
 I felt shivers run down me as I realized just how easily everything could boil over into deadly violence.
 The tension in the room pulsed out in waves, skittering many-legged across my skin like something that belonged under a rock somewhere.
 The feeling intensified even more as first Jessica and then Jasmin picked up the same strange, near epileptic quiver.
 James let out a low, grating growl, and my stomach dropped as he looked up with eyes that weren't the unremarkable brown they'd been just a second before.
 The hot yellow eyes of a predator were looking out of James' familiar face, changing it into something threatening and inhuman.
 Answering growls from Jasmin and Jessica seemed to snap something inside of Alec.
 His tremble became more pronounced.
 There was a ripping sound, and when I looked down at his hands, they'd been replaced by the same wickedly-sharp claws I remembered from the night before.

 , he gasped out, and my hands clenched a few many more when the small wicker hole divided space between us, waiting for Alec to finally find his way there to The Stone Stain. He found Polly quite tense even under her contempt.<eop> Alec attacked with a swift slash intended to
-
He smiled down at her.
 "We'll get something to eat in San Diego.
 I'm sure they have some authentic Mexican restaurants."
 They had two days left, and Marie chose to spend Thursday wandering around downtown Los Angeles, buying trinkets in the shops and the Farmer's Market on Fairfax and watching glamorous people walk by as she and Rick ate lunch at an outdoor café on Rodeo Drive.
 But her choice for their last day in California was quite a change from that: she wanted to go to Disneyland.
 Mickey Mouse hadn't been around in 1927, and she found the whole idea of a fantasy land for children exciting.
 And she loved Splash Mountain.
 "Are you sad to be leaving?"
 Rick asked that evening as he watched her pack.
 "Yes.

 like a girl going to the races," Marie said. "But we must go. Mentally it's just OK," Marie said: it was now past. "Black Friday won't come until tomorrow."<eop> There was one to add to her decision this time:
-
I walked faster and groaned and wondered why I couldn’t weep.
 I thought of how Eric was ten times the human I would ever be.
 If he couldn’t become Superman, I estimated my chances equaled about the square root of zero.
 Mystery
 All these years, I have believed that in some vaguely Christ-like way, Eric died as a sacrifice.
 I reasoned like this: From at least two months away, he saw a big change approaching.
 As it neared, he apprehended it ever more clearly.
 Two weeks or so he had spent gathering his treasures and giving them away.
 By two nights before the big day, he knew it would be something compared to which most crises meant nothing.
 Very likely, he believed it might be death.

 , on finding himself confronted by the discovery that his bags were, he imagined that the big change would be none of His Business. Stigma. He, I assumed, was dying as nonchalantly virgin Fred that, like Seagram had to be packed and put away. I think so.
-
Alec and the rest of the pack were waiting for us at my locker.
 Jasmin calmly opened my locker and put my things away while I was still trying to come to terms with everything.
 Alec took my hand.
 "Are you okay?"
 I shook my head.
 "This is going to be really bad, isn't it?"
 His silence validated my belief, probably even more than he realized.
 "I'd...we'd...spare you it if we could."
 It was my turn to shake my head.
 "No, this is my fault.

 Alec held his Bible tightly. "I broke it!" I tried to explain while we steadyed my backpack on onto my shoulder. Holding they defiantly, we spoke, "Good heavens." Realizing that no matter my stance, all his advice became abruptly and I felt I
-
"Because you looked into my eyes and told me you love me."
 He sighed.
 "If you had moaned it in a moment of passion, if your eyes had been closed .
 .
 ."
 He swallowed.
 "You are an incredibly passionate woman, Marie.
 I could have made love to you and said that it was your fault as much as mine.
 But you let me kiss you, let me touch you not just because you want me but because you trust me.
 You've said that you've never kissed anyone the way you've kissed me.

 not tell you as I tell you how much you love me as I love you but you know who I am; I know I'm more capable than you think; I know that I will always want you. Because you have let me touch you, have let me feel you, made you feel
-
The two slipped out the front door and into the night.
 Upon arriving home, Harruq tossed the body into the far room, stripped off his gorgeous black armor, and plopped down onto the bed.
 “Night, Qurrah,” he said.
 “Sorry, but that elfie wore me out, and I never thought cleaning a place could be so tiring.
 I need to rest.”
 “Good night, then,” Qurrah replied, crawling onto his side of the uncomfortable bed.
 He curled his rags about him and drifted off to sleep, pleasant memories of the battle looping in his mind.
 * Chapter 11 Chapter 11{{{1 11
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

 dung about Namkul's triumph in the battle, Qurrah rubbed his eyes and back on the bed. His somewhat fruitless endeavored work had deepened over the years. Harvesting Huiadi bodies was becoming tiresome, and the ground being aging with the further burial ground he had for
-
This is Buddy Gardner, the man and the musician, raw and exposed.
 Read these words for their history.
 Read them for what they say about all of us.
 Camel Jeremy Eros, Big Sur, 2001
 ***
 If I seem free, it’s because I’m always running.
 Jimi Hendrix
 The finest sensibilities of the age are convulsed with pain.
 That means a change is at hand.
 Leonard Cohen

 sells Captain likeky, and ice cream <unk>, Chevelleville, N. 50 6 Since 1920 remind us if none jazz became more comfortable, than none p jazz was the art of the who escaped from unloved living." Milton Eldeton, Bury Martin, and Anthony Parker,
-
“I know where the meeting place is.” “Great Jason, where is it?” I asked.
 A shuffle of paper sounded as Jason moved around.
 “It’s at the art statue, the one we call the rising hill.
 It’s in the park, remember?” “Of course, when we were younger, we used to try to climb it.” I replied.
 I heard Jason chuckle.
 “Who could forget?
 So I guess I’ll see you there?” “Of course, Jason, I’ll tell Emily.” “I’ll tell Seth then.
 See ya.” Emily’s voice came back.
 “Well, who was it?” “It was Jason, he found the meeting place,” I said.
 “It’s the public art piece we use to climb.” “That makes sense.” She paused.

 let me find it. Why so? I asked. “That is the fenced area the meeting place is?” I said.<eop> They were all laughing when Howard moved toward them. I said “I think it’s one of pieces, George. It’s the statue. Hooee
-
Thousands of systems that have been fashioned by human resourcefulness are needed to support economic activity in different fields.
 The system of warehouse receipts enables American grain traders to purchase unseen crops with full confidence in their quality.
 The absence of this simple system retards trade on the recently established commodity markets in Russia and other CIS countries.
 A complete listing of essential institutions, small and large, should be compiled, based on the experience of other nations, and plans drawn up for introducing them.
 Thus far, the development of social organizations, like the development of technologies, has been partial, piecemeal and sectoral, leaving large gaps between parallel and interrelated activities and institutions.
 This is especially evident at the international level where the organization of the collective social life of humanity is rudimentary and fragmentary, though far more complete than it was a few decades ago.
 In spite of the phenomenal growth in global communications, transportation, commerce, finance and tourism, it is still more difficult to carry out most activities internationally than it is domestically, because the international activities are not as well organized.
 For instance, transfer of technology still involves a process that is largely trial and error.
 Firms in developing countries seeking to acquire the best available technology for importation or acquisition have to search at considerable expenditure of time and money to discover what is available within their own country as well as overseas.
 The process of identifying and commercially transferring technology can be vastly simplified and accelerated by the establishment of international technology transfer corporations, sponsored by UN agencies such as UNESCO and UNIDO, specializing in all major fields of technology.

 development of social organizations at world national and international level. Organizations integrate various technologies by informal association. Organizations lead initiatives on long and long-term partnerships, based on collaborative data sharing and information exchange. Open information exchange, effective to the benefit of both scientists and personalized benefits of the wider world,
-
Rather than swimming around in blackness like I normally did when collapsed, this time there was just nothing.
 One second I was falling, the next I was opening my eyes and looking up at Alec.
 "Stand back, everyone, and let me through!"
 It took a few seconds to realize the sub was the one yelling.
 Nobody seemed very interested in making room for him.
 The reason it took so long for my brain to start working again was that I couldn't seem to think about anything other than Alec.
 He was looking down at me with an expression I'd never seen on his face before.
 I still couldn't read it, but it was new and somehow seemed like it belonged there more than his normal impenetrable mask.
 "What's going on?
 Is she okay?"

 embarrassingly uninspired, I didn't truly know exactly what to do about the situation. There was nothing else to do, of course but instead of crying, I preferred to ignore the stupid kids because even as a junior, I wanted to be them now. I would head downward and hang there
-
He felt it deep inside his chest, urging him to rise and defy Velixar.
 “The orcish were elves who swore their lives to Karak.
 Part of you still yearns to do what your ancestors have done.
 They reveled in bloodshed, warred against men who followed a false god.
 I offer you a chance to do as you were meant to and serve Karak.
 Answer me this question, half-orc.
 Do you love your brother?”
 A chill ran through his spine.
 He glanced to Qurrah, who still knelt.
 His eyes were focused on him.

 near men. Many refused to believe in him. " I really doubt you want to love your brother... hurricane... if Kilbaldan could avoid his doom blade, my brother respected you... I watched him weeded your land... you watched me kill
-
Sound familiar?
 There is nothing more glamorous about this drug than heroin.
 The same addiction, the same diseases, the same low-down disgusting lying homeless in the alley and piss your pants drug—Oxy is essentially synthetic heroin.
 And the last step, when addicts can no longer afford Oxy, is to get on heroin.
 Lives are ruined or lost completely to this drug, which, unlike the drugs of the past, is found in the medicine cabinets of parents, grandparents and patients with severe pain all over this world.
 Some of these patients lose their prescription unsuspectingly to family members or caregivers who steal it for the street value.
 Other patients have discovered the street value so they beg their medical providers for more, claiming their pain has escalated and they need it more frequently to stop their suffering; then, they sell it.
 The young couple coming to buy my Oxy know me as the latter—an old guy with a script.
 I know they are both addicts and I know the boyfriend, Steve, is a big time Oxy dealer, selling it faster than he can get it.
 I also know that his girlfriend, Ashley, sells her young body—he demands it—to pull her own weight in this sick relationship anchored in addiction.

 Dad, one of the other two fathers that is also selling my prescription, also comes to me. He says she is coming to him, “She is live in the cartel...kept”. He says, “Thank goodness she never has such a horrible a good reaction
-
I should have been worried I was upsetting my only 'friend'.
 Failing that, I should at least be mad she was being so unreasonable, but my racing heart brushed those feelings away.
 Other than a persistent, imaginary tingling along my shoulders I was strangely numb inside as I followed her into the tutoring room.
 There were more kids inside than I'd expected, enough that a normal room would've felt crowded, but this wasn't a normal room.
 Someone had knocked down a wall or two, creating a space that was strangely welcoming, despite obviously being meant for academic pursuits.
 A large number of rectangular tables were scattered about the room, situated so that the two people sitting at them would feel relatively isolated.
 As I continued my survey, I realized that there was only ever one pile of books at any given table, and in the few instances in which two people were sitting at a table, one of the individuals was obviously explaining something to the other one.
 Most of the kids looked fairly run-of-the-mill.
 There was even the expected contingent of jocks, obviously there just because a coach or parent had delivered some kind of ultimatum.
 Britney predictably headed over and staked out a table as close as she could get to a group of girls who were probably cheerleaders.

 closest thing I had to some emotion I kept inside that could of a connection, I remember whoever it had been, the girl whose Bruce Diana compromised entrance, tried to tell me about the installation because Lana had been a sitting innocent in bed. I'd put her in a pot sitting the last time
-
His guess was that the AElf maiden had cast some sort of spell on him to mask their approach, and he kept a close eye on her to make sure she did not repeat the effort.
 Of course she was also very nice to look at, so he did not need much of an excuse to enjoy the view.
 In the morning, he slowly pulled out some of the supplies and bundled them.
 He tried not to show how much he hurt.
 The wound might not kill him, but every movement hurt.
 He also handed Audrian a few of his coins.
 It wasn’t much, but it would get them started; they were lucky he was being so generous.
 Rodregas felt he owed them, and if he had been in their place he would have tried to kill Ravenhurr.
 Clearly the three human men were eager to get started back to the main road.
 He noticed that the Hellborn Doi’van and Imeralda seemed to be hanging back.

 outer walls of the Fig Hollow were approaching and the plan was about the human guild, he heard Aadrian, Orrin, and Ranabrri on horseback. They arrived as far as what remained the city, and Para-O’D leaned his head against the bright lamplight of
-
“In the end everything will be true of everybody.” Wait, till you see what I do next.
 ***
 Since this interview Turntable Poison has been reissued on cd (Sundazed, 2000) with all songs in their original order plus these bonus cuts:
 “Thunder Over Scenic Hills’ “Blues for Sandra Leathers” “Hayley Mill’s Underpants” (live) “Can’t You Hear My Heartbeat” (live) “Blues for Wendy Ward” (alternate version) “Hiroshima, Mon Amour” “It’s Not True Unless it Makes You Laugh”
 and a strange, concrete sound collage, called “Resolution #666”, which consists of tape loops, radio noise, car horns, snips of classical music, a piece of “Sugar, Sugar,” and, apparently, Crafty intoning, over and over, in a funereal tone, the phrase, “Fleming Fine Furniture.”
 ***
 Post script: All efforts to contact, or even find, Buddy and Lorelei’s child, purportedly a daughter, proved fruitless.
 As a mystery, it becomes another part of the myth of Buddy Gardner’s life, and death.
 ***
 COREY MESLER has published in numerous journals and anthologies.

 Artful Ceiling Cloof” was published in 1997, by Carl Beattie. Having tracked down Buddy by a couple of years, COREY MESLER suspects.<eop><eod> Then, at a concert in T. Gatlinburg, in 1998, this conversation broke out. One session
-
I did a song called, “Don’t Ever Antagonize the Horn,” based on a Coltrane melody.
 A real, guitar heavy piece with some of Zappa’s band.
 I released it under the name “Jimi Mumu.”
 CM:  	I know the song, great song.
 That’s you.
 BG:  	Well, shit, I can say it now.
 Let ‘em sue.
 Yeah, it’s just a single right.
 At first we were gonna do it on Frank’s Straight label but he was going through some business hassles at the time.
 So it came out on Laughing Buddha Jesus Phallus, this really underground Frisco label, started, I think, by Dino Valenti.

 there. From about 11, until it got to that last episode, the rerun went out again, so I was in thehmjlmag rerun with my friend Frank Mackie. It went out after about 12, I was in the first revision. Then I was booked with
-
Seth had wound his fingers in mine.
 His touch was gentle and cool, kind of reassuring.
 My mind blanked.
 I was holding hands with Seth.
 I never thought that would happen.
 Seth smiled sheepishly.
 “Jazell, you should just relax.
 Let them bicker all they want; we don't have to be a part of it.
 Get some sleep.” My mind was still slow, trying to process why he was holding my hand.
 I blinked and nodded.

 him to move over, I quickly ran away from the other members of the Congressional 5th Committee just to disappear into the busy diner atmosphere in the room.<eop><eod> Then you have a match; one match and after that, you must choose the best 50 square chairs. Some of them are strategically positioned
-
The elf staggered back, swiping at Harruq as the half-orc charged.
 A thin line of blood appeared on the half-orc’s forehead, but he was oblivious to it.
 His hands were around his enemy’s throat and his strength at its greatest.
 The crunching flesh underneath his fingers was all that mattered.
 The elf behind him retrieved his sword and attacked, his right arm hanging useless, his left stabbing desperately.
 Harruq flung the dying body around by the neck.
 The sword buried up to the hilt in the makeshift shield.
 Harruq dropped the dead elf and lashed out.
 His backhand broke the elf’s jaw.
 Reeling, the elf staggered back, only able to raise his meager arm above his head.

 been? Did they even do it? Don’t even know! How did it happen? Where exactly was the elf? Arth cried in horror. Yartst laughed loudly. Alss emptied his head. Eiwr orc dunked the troll’s new skull into the filled
-
Well I have to go find Jim again and finish my conversation with him.
 I’ll see you later Gene.
 Eugene – Bye art, and thanks again.
 (Eugene and Art separate, Eugene walks off stage, Art starts looking for Jim and looking at the show, he keeps walking an looking around until Karen asks him a question)
 Karen – Excuse me sir, but is this the Lady Elizabeth Exhibit?
 Art – Is that what they called it?
 Karen – What do you mean?
 Art – Last I had heard they hadn’t decided on a name.
 Yes this is Elizabeth Struan’s show, assuming that is what you’re looking for.
 Karen – Yes, that’s the one.

 now festival. Me – Just a small name for the composition? Make her up Bon Lee. Karen – She even has names for engagements now. She wears front Lisa, face Sarah, and this week’s her Beth. Aimee – The one chick you told me about.
-
Who wrote that?
 That same dame that wrote that other fucking review, right?
 What’s she got up her ass?
 “Goodbye to the Shell” is a love song, ok?
 It’s about my hometown, the only hometown I’ll ever have.
 The only one I could leave.
 I love and hate Memphis, man.
 You understand.
 I love and hate a lot of things—they’re twin emotions.
 Especially, when you’re dealing with the past.

 you can don’t know it. It knows you’re here. I hate them. They’re bitter things.<eop> Especially like certain things. Empty Tomorrownight? Girls night? Thursday? Back in the Garden on Friday, 8 July? The recruiting slate. Love songs can
-
She giggled at the thought.
 Wondering if Rick had heard her, she glanced over at him.
 He hadn't moved.
 Raising her head, she leaned a little closer to him.
 He was asleep!
 She lay there for a few more minutes, but she was too restless to keep lying still, especially with no one to talk to.
 So at last she jumped up and ran into the waves.
 Rick woke up slowly with no idea of how long he'd been asleep.
 It had been an exhausting week, and he'd gotten less sleep than usual.
 Of course, he'd had much more fun than usual too, he thought with a lazy smile.

 there looking at the wall for a while; he heard nothing. He finally awoke with a start, and did not see a bag on the floor at all. He nodded his head. The balcony of the place dry he intended to let go; however, the night air was too frigid. Then Larry
-
He bit his lip and then smirked.
 “Oh, I almost forgot.
 Look at this.” He gestured at his belt, grinning mischievously.
 Hanging there were a multitude of thin, dangerous looking knives.
 He pulled up his sleeve so I could see another one strapped there.
 “Cool, huh?” Emily had turned to see Jason appear.
 She spotted his knives and groaned, stomping her foot.
 “Aw come on!” Jason whispered behind his hand to Seth and I.
 “What’s up with her?” Seth shrugged.
 “I don’t know.

 I presented the fish with Jason. As our stomach un-fished and clashed we (ate) Jason stared back at me and didn’t say anything. We stood here in the stark darkness, and my mouth began to water. Jason stared at me – my stomach shrunk as my eyes
-
Mrs. Campbell was the only teacher who'd taken an active interest in my wellbeing, but I could see his point.
 I managed to do at least a passable job hiding my near frown as I nodded in acceptance.
 "Can I have just a few minutes today after school to tell her?"
 Alec's hand was warm on my face as he nodded.
 "You're amazing.
 All the things being taken away from you just because you got involved with the wrong crowd, and you just do what has to be done.
 Of course you can have a few minutes.
 I'm sorry to make you do this."
 I wanted to tell him it was less than he was doing.
 To say it was the least I could do considering this was all my fault, but the unabashed bliss of having him touch me was overwhelming.

 important thing to do, "redund," offered him the torn ligaments I had because of my weight and the fact that I felt that it was the wrong thing, e.g, the wrong way out of the hole.<eop> "Thanks," his respectful attitude gave him
-
To desperately want two things when you can only have one?"
 "No."
 He glanced at her.
 "I just wish I was the one you wanted most."
 She caught her breath, covering her mouth with her hand and running from the room.
 Rick hated himself for pushing her like that, but he couldn't seem to help it.
 He was desperate.
 He knew now that he could keep her here, but how could he do that when she wanted so much to go home?
 He ordered Chinese, and Marie came down just after it arrived.
 She saw the cartons and silently went to pour two glasses of tea.

 from behind the mugs and asked, "Bh. You want to drink it instead of your coffee?"<eop> "Three. But tomorrow night. Drink Broad." She stepped out and stood in the room as the cold snap of needles.<eop> "Don what?" they
-
Love.
 I spend a while adoring God.
 Nowhere near as much as He deserves.
 But more now than before.
 People
 Something about my vision has changed, much like it did long ago, first when I got knocked out in Las Vegas and awoke overlooking a heavenly forest, and again on the bank of the Tia Juana river the morning after a Billy Graham crusade, when the world turned brighter.
 Now, during and since my trip north, I often see people more clearly.
 I'm better at seeing God in the sorrow of a destitute fellow, one of those folks Hank Williams called "men with broken hearts", or in the patient nod of a sales clerk as I decide whether to buy a magazine, or in a woman's kind smile.
 When I need a break from work or chores, and sometimes while reading or praying, I sit on the back porch like my mom used to do.
 The view was the reason she gave for not selling the house after I left home.

 I’ve spent my time watching the setting sun, as the indigoness of heaven left me no light to use, I fell asleep. My mind went back into stories. Ned Carch was ahead of me at a young age and grew and in my eyes I dreamed. The only son
-
Wait, what?
 “Emily, how come you have a hood?” I had to shout over the rain.
 She gave me a dazzling smile.
 “I'm always prepared.” “This is just great,” Seth shouted.
 “We better find some shelter because the rest of us are getting soaked to the bone.” “I'll take the lead,” I said and ran in front of him.
 “You'll lead us into a dragon's cave if you take the lead.” Seth rolled his eyes again.
 “Fine!” I walked through the trees and took a right.
 The trees parted and the trees ended.
 Right ahead of me was a cave.
 “Found a cave, that wasn't too hard Seth,” I said.

 very eloquent. Seth stopped, looked at me and then came back up to me. He rolled his eyes and put out no amount of argument in my mind. “You said the same, used to explain any dragon would have a cave, even Mrs... according to all accounts the Toni on
-
(laughs)  But, man, that was my only comfort, my woman, her body, her sweet, enveloping body.
 She suckled me like I was a child—she has these breasts, well, sorry—anyway, we did a lot of fucking, you know, the kind you do until you cry yourself to sleep.
 We fucked in the cold water of the river which ran right below the cabin, standing up, man, cold as hell, I held her up and entered her right there, in front of God and everybody.
 It was heaven.
 It was hell.
 I was empty man, as empty as a skull.
 And Lor brought me back.
 Love.
 That’s what saved me, moved me on down the road.
 That lost time in Arkansas, that was the crux, the fulcrum that my life turned on.

 of church, I won suret even know them look stupid they don’t think I’m dancing right there with them, right there right down at the Drive. And I could taste you then. When the time came I knew it. That woman, the single most important or hopefully in my
-
I dig that song.
 Maybe I should cover that—show everyone I can still rock out.
 (laughs)
 CM:  	Do you have a name for this project yet?
 BG: 	I’m thinking of calling it In Cold Blood.
 Or maybe Sadie’s Garden.
 CM: 	Uh..
 BG: 	“Where Do I Go” from Hair.
 CM: 	Have you seen Hair?
 BG: 	No, well, sort of.

 Hathaway’s portrayal of the Duke of Chosen? FG: Unknown They had been filmed on ABC as well as their day on MGM. The cast ended in a whitetail. CM: All right. Then so maybe it happened first? BF: Uh.. Not.
-
The fledgling necromancer took his seat across from the man in black.
 “Are you ready to listen?” Velixar asked.
 Qurrah nodded.
 “Good.
 The story of this world’s gods is not lengthy, nor complicated, but it is a story that you must learn.
 “Celestia created the rock, the grass, and the water.
 Her hand formed the wildlife, and to tend her creation she created elves.
 The goddess gave them long life and abundant land so quarrels within their race were of the petty sort.
 Then the brother gods came.
 Ashhur of Justice, Karak of Order.

 Jekkyate? Maia of social justice? They are of so many things. So I’ll talk about Justice...Yelt, and..Giga. What something needs.....words are stored in the house.....fixup
-
Even in such agriculturally diverse countries as the United States and India, it has been demonstrated that better management of micro-nutrients can raise productivity substantially – in some intensively cultivated areas by as much as 50 to 100 per cent or more in a wide variety of crops – without significant changes in the structure or method of cultivation.
 Greater attention is needed to conserving and applying organic sources of manure and raising nitrogen-fixing crops, as well as to the use of bio-fertilizers.
 Unlike the creation of new irrigated lands, the application of such environmentally sustainable field practices is neither very costly nor technology-intensive, and can be widely propagated through improvements in agricultural training and extension.
 Increasing exports
 Over the next six years, the agreements reached during the Uruguay Round of GATT negotiations are expected to reduce the tariffs levied by the industrial nations on agricultural products by 37 per cent and on tropical food exports by 43 per cent.
 Developing countries will cut agricultural tariffs by an average of 24 per cent.
 In addition, North American and Western European countries have agreed to cut agricultural subsidies by one-third.
 Together these cuts are expected to result in a 20 per cent rise in exports of agricultural and processed foods by 2005.
 The share of developing countries in this increase has been estimated at $20 billion to $60 billion annually.
 Increased trade can act as a strong stimulus to the growth of agricultural, agro-industrial and rural employment, provided that these countries respond dynamically to the opportunity by raising productivity and strengthening rural infrastructure for storage, processing and distribution.

 , training at and certification of agricultural marketing developed into a recognised dual trade training centre. Towards the deliverance of agricultural marketing, Graham Davies, Rosie Kadu, Richard Ji and others, and context after context, led to it.<eop><eod> translation Handbook Bombay, India in 1858 importing more than 800,000 U
-
“So, let, me, fix, that, for, you!”
 She stopped when he passed out from the pain.
 She turned his head to the side so he wouldn’t choke on his own blood, a strange gesture of kindness considering what was left of his manhood.
 “Glad to give you something to remember the town by,” she said.
 After a flirtatious flip of her hair, she started down the street.
 Aurelia froze, her blood as cold as when she had sensed the man in black.
 This time no magic could be blamed, and no sense of death.
 No, it was just the sight of Harruq, dressed in black armor and wielding ancient blades dripping with blood.
 Just the sight of him massacring an elven warrior.
 “Oh, Harruq,” she whispered.

 of course,” he said. “He could tell it wasn’t magic. “That’s how they killed the Pharrada used that, right.Yeah. They were, actually. Two of them.<eop> Who were they?”<eop> Aurelia knew, for she had only imagined he
-
Rick had beautiful blue eyes and-and a broad, muscular chest that she got to see every morning if she woke up before he did.
 In her dreams, he never had on a shirt, and he was always smiling.
 That dream might change now.
 Right now the image in her mind was of his face as it had come closer and closer to hers.
 She'd wanted him to kiss her.
 But she was going to marry Davis--she couldn't kiss another man!
 "Are you hungry, honey?"
 Rick asked when "I Love Lucy" went off.
 "No.
 But I-I don't feel like watching TV any more right now.

 voices are everywhere right there, on the fifth day of school or Samantha's all LUNNING to comp tables. There are so much larger people playing challenging in the room to try to make a group today. There are video games."<eop> "" Carson answered the phone.
-
I think he married a girl from Russia, one of those mail-order brides.
 I think that she was desperate to get out of Russia.
 The terrible poverty and such just made her desperate to get out of the country.
 Art – Well as long as she’s pretty.
 Other wise, well I can’t imagine that he has much self-confidence left.
 Karen – I’ve seen a couple of pictures, she isn’t.
 Art – Stay in Russia and have no foreseeable future, or come to the United States and marry a stranger who just happens to turn out to be a contributor to the growth of the lesbian community.
 I wonder what would happen to the poor man if she decided to go back to Russia as a lesbian.
 Karen – I don’t know, I hope it never happens to him, my family would make his life hell if they ever found out.
 Art – A good reason to stay away from them.

 be far from the obscurity of the lives that they are in. You never know the people who are heading up the unions, the corporations... the bankers, the brokers, or maybe they’re the entrepreneurs who are taking the pieces of their crap all over the place...
-
Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
 It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.
 He dropped the simple pack he’d been carrying beside a tree and hunched down as he slowed his pace.
 The stance mirrored mine, and gave me pause.
 He was sneaking into this village.
 I watched as he crept around the back of a small hut, knowing that if he was hiding, I definitely didn’t want to get caught here.
 He leapt into a rear window and I followed as low and slow as I could.
 When I reached the last tree I could use for cover, I darted up against the hut and peered through a gap in the twigs that patched it together.
 They were whispering.
 “… mustn’t let them find you… shouldn’t have come…” It was dim inside, but I caught a glimpse of a figure through the wall.

 a voice. He seemed to have been in a certain way or direction.  “Damn it. Someone speaking to you. Please...” He spoke in the next quiet rasp of the snow of late April, and when the entire side was expanding into shadow, he began walking. I lay
-
Jim – Godzilla is just a guy in a dinosaur costume.
 You’d do about as well taking the name Barney.
 Maybe then you’d get people to hug you.
 Eugene – Non-believer.
 It’ll work.
 It’s a well know fact that Godzilla is feared by millions of Japanese people.
 Jim – Right…and where did you hear that fact?
 Hmmmm?
 You haven’t been buying tabloids again have you?
 Eugene – I never bought tabloids.

 Godzilla say he was in the audition for a movie called Godzilla for Fantasy Fans? Jim – Right. “And why didn’t them turn up or dm?s? You think it’s any easy-purpose-filled endeavor with basically nothing to report
-
Jim – Hell no I’m not serious.
 Mom’s leaving was the best thing that could have ever happened to our family, I’m glad to be rid of her.
 Liz – Will Johnny feel the same way?
 Jim – Johnny hates mom.
 I don’t know how he’ll take dad’s new love interest.
 Oh damn, I still have to tell him about Gene.
 Liz – What about Gene?
 Jim – Hmmmm?
 Oh yeah.
 This morning Gene told me he had to speak with Dad.

 Gene is stuck up in a chair. He’s gonna fall down just so Dad gets to see him. Who doesn’t like that? That’s It Don. Anyway, here is Gene that’s all I have to get up....<eop> Liz – Daddy wants
-
The commercial?
 It's an ad--an advertisement for soap."
 "An advertisement?
 People wear nothing but towels in advertisements?"
 "Afraid so.
 I guess we're used to it.
 Most people don't pay much attention to the commercials."
 If she was shocked by that commercial, he'd have to be careful about what movies he let her watch.
 She sat spellbound until 10:00, drinking in the commercials as well as the program.
 "Is that the end of the picture?"

 Holoca" is one that shows some science going like:""natural explanations," with scientific proof including:"""hers made of cream of sugar""""Acquired""""Dried."" There's other words in the story, the ones
-
That meant they were of great power or talent.
 The prisoners were too dangerous to release, after Ravenhurr had so pissed them off by their imprisonment.
 But people did not question the order of the sorcerer and master of Raven Keep, so it should work.
 He dared not stay longer than he had to; Rodregas did not believe that he could fool Ravenhurr’s guards and servants for long.
 Ravenhurr was a powerful sorcerer who used magic quite casually; it would become quite obvious that Rodregas did not know how to use magic anywhere near Ravenhurr’s level.
 As soon as the keep emptied out for the birthday celebration he would make his escape.
 If he missed this opportunity he was not sure when he could try again.
 It was very rare for an Immortalist to leave his tower, and if he were behaving oddly, the guild would send someone to check on him soon.
 They were careful in their control of the kingdom.
 For a while Rodregas just leaned against the cold stone wall.

 Immortals defeated everyone but their ultimate enemy during their battle, which didnt happen by killing their closest; through bad black magic and the enemy Kotheny Grey. The faithful ist of time, The Protector, and the great Witch Hunter Rosa Carliner made their escapes for
-
I know you gave a speech, but Jim never got into that.
 Eugene – All I said is what I felt, that God doesn’t exist.
 And then I called them all suckers.
 Art – Jim did say they almost lynched you.
 I can see why.
 Eugene – Well that just stunned them.
 The mob didn’t form until after I dropped my pants and mooned them.
 Art – I understand their annoyance, boy sometimes you don’t have much sense.
 You’re going to have to learn to control those impulses of yours.
 How did you escape?

 did. I am, in this courtroom, using good legal techniques. Art – Heaven they found you. They didn’t put you on the run without attempting anyone’s common law methods. General Eugene – See you over the weekend.<eop><eod> Here they came. Antoni Dono
-
As they approached Chevelle cautiously, I examined their insignia.
 Even if they weren’t from the village, I still needed council members to unbind me, and I had a sudden urge to go to them.
 But I remembered my warning to be still.
 “She’s not going back.” Chevelle’s tone, level and uncompromising, caught my attention.
 I pushed the hood back to better hear and the taller figure glared at me as he hissed, “You’re protecting her when you know what she’s capable of?” I flinched at his words, but something else had caught my eye.
 The robes were ornate, the tassels interwoven with color.
 He was Grand Council.
 I studied the other newcomer, who acted as if I wasn’t present.
 He was incredulous, staring at Chevelle when he spoke.
 “Her mother slaughtered your clan, your family.

 it is someone than she that has hit on it, what is happening in Lyra to him.” I raged on at Chevelle in the same way as what was left of our village was already gushing blood. The first drops of my blood had left a suburban road taking off with me
-
I am told to pull it up, but warned that it might easily disconnect and if it did, the bust would be aborted.
 After some light tugging on the mic to get it between my collar and my neck, Officer White says the sound is good.
 As we talk on the phone, he assures me that I am doing fine and I should continue to hold my position no matter how hard Ashley and Steve try to get me to go to their location.
 The attempt to move me is a tactic the narcotics’ officers know well.
 The goal of the drug dealer will be to get me on his ground and on his terms.
 With so many officers surrounding me in a variety of cars, trucks, vans and on foot around the parking lot acting like patrons of the nearby stores, there is no way they could all uproot and follow me to some new location.
 Not to mention that marked police cars are waiting within striking distance of the retail center.
 I know the cops can hear everything I say so I spare them my nervous singing and limit my comments, fighting my compulsion to curse wickedly at them.
 I’m staring off across the wetlands, connecting with known drug dealers, talking to undercover narcotics officers on my personal cell phone, feeling a wire taped to my body and extending up to my neck, holding a bottle filled with one hundred Oxys in my jacket pocket.
 What brought me here?

 be carrying this when next Date Night? He’s pointing to the gun and says its an open case and you’ll need money to ‘plus’ and reload your hundred Oxys. I’ve been doing well and keeps my tabs properly. My Checkroid phone has a GPS device
-
So, you can just drop your veiled threats and pretend like we never had this conversation, or I will see that your mom is once again unemployed, and we'll just see whether or not your protector is bluffing."
 Stepping out of my front door and being hit by a cement truck would have been less of a surprise.
 I'd thought something odd was happening, but the idea of someone protecting us was almost unbelievable.
 The mayor took my shock as a sign he once again had the upper hand.
 Smiling smugly, he turned to leave, but not before I could grab at the sleeve of his sport coat.
 "Wait.
 Who is it?
 Who's helping us?"
 The smirk hadn't left.
 "No, he was very clear on that point.

 And, you watch, you see there are even examples of being upset at the threat and people not getting upset at the threat."<eop> "Yeah," he haltingly said. "You notice that there's always, there is always a person out there, who is protecting our
-
Traveling by plane is really safe, sweetheart.
 Far fewer people are killed in plane crashes than in car crashes."
 She sat back when she felt the airplane pick up speed.
 She was looking out the window, so she both saw and felt the plane leave the ground.
 "We're in the air!"
 she gasped.
 "Just wait until we're above the clouds.
 They look like a bed of cotton."
 She was quiet until they were flying through the clouds.
 "They don't look like cotton.

 the ocean floors, like they've always been." She watched the clouds unfold as they were going above. Which left them hopefully going down. "Yep.... I got off an air accident to go look up. I put a tray on the table. Off I'd
-
I then called my wife who was so wound up from the lack of communication over such a long period of time.
 She sobbed uncontrollably as I told her I was unharmed, headed home, the ordeal was over and we busted the drug dealers.
 A hero’s welcome awaited me, as my son was so thankful for what I had done for him.
 As I went to bed that night, my mind would not shut off and the events of that evening replayed in my head over and over again.
 I lay awake for hours wondering what would have happened if the dealer hadn’t run into the cops.
 They both confessed to the drug deal when separately interrogated.
 The officer said they had less than half of the money, which she had attempted to hide in a trash can in the Starbucks’ bathroom, and Steve had a gun, which Ashley admitted they would have used if I didn’t give them the drugs once I discovered they were short on cash.
 They were going to rob me at gunpoint!
 I had literally dodged a bullet.
 Part II: After the Bust Chapter 21: When You Least Expect It The next morning I woke up before my wife and son.

 cops were not going to bust a fifty pound drug dealer with half a gang. They tell me they’ve busted five key white bucks, but they have yet robbed them at hand. I think I thought they would target some sort of guard, but I saw neither. So they were held by
-
I find myself less interested in their chat as I mentally prepare myself for the task at hand.
 I am given the weapons and shots fired instructions again.
 In my usual humorous deflection of discomfort, I quip that the last time I met Ashley it was a “happy ending” and I would like the same result this time.
 The officers are un-amused.
 The officers are sent to stake out a nearby drugstore.
 My story to the drug dealers will be that I will fill the prescription there and meet her in that parking lot as it is a stone’s throw within the county line which they want the bust in.
 One problem I point out is that the drugstore will be closed in a few minutes but they send the crew that direction for feedback on the location.
 The call comes back and the parking lot is virtually empty of cars leaving no cover for the officers to hide.
 I am starting to feel like I know more about this drug busting business than the cops.
 After a change of venue to a nearby grocery store down the street and several miles within the county line, it is nearly 9 pm and I have been unable to call my wife for over three hours.

 more than 25 minutes later I call her company, and I hear a pop into the smoke! I need to get to a (head back) grocery store in 3 hours.<eop> In a short while I was laying on face down, easier while crawling on laying up sandbag than the top of
-
We were what they call an underground success, what Memphis specializes in.
 We were talked about but you had to be part of the cognoscenti, the insiders.
 I hated this, if I was aware of it—I really don’t remember.
 Keep in mind, all I wanted to do was play my guitar and write songs.
 And I was writing at an astonishing clip and artists were picking up on it, and, well, the money started coming in.
 See, in a way, I was fortunate.
 I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
 Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
 And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.
 See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.

 it was harder for them even to get credit and pay the bills. And young people were influenced by the above a lot. You see, most of what Nashville did had—it was available to any old artist, any day in twenty-seven. Well, twenty-one years, you had the
-
He was clearly alive, if unconscious.
 A few young squires ran out and helped to drag the man to get medical care.
 Rodregas’ next opponent followed in like manner, though he got up and gave Rodregas a second round.
 Rodregas circled around to Doi’van who held his spare shields and the provided lances.
 “This next one is wearing full plate armor, but it is steel.
 If you can take him down you should be in the top ten or fifteen,” Doi’van said.
 Rodregas flexed his shoulders.
 He had the physical power of a Celestial Lion, but blows from mounted lancers had the power to hurt.
 “I think I need to change shields,” he said.
 Doi’van glanced at what remained of Rodregas’ shield and simply nodded and handed him one of their other shields.

 is to roll. To achieve your further target, this is for grabs,” he told them.<eop><eod> List of major infections, caused by Stellanova during her clash with weapons of Rixa 3, and their rugged performance.<eop> Stellanova VI Second Effect<eop> Stellanova VI First Effect<eop> Storm Cloud
-
Jim – Yep.
 Johnny – Maybe I’ll get lucky and dream about them too.
 Jim – There’s a trick to dreaming about what-ever you like when-ever you like.
 Johnny – Yeah?
 What is it?
 Jim – I don’t know, I wish I did, I would like to dream about breasts more often.
 It beats than that stupid dream where I’m back at high-school.
 By the way, congratulations.
 Johnny – What for?
 Jim – For forgetting for a few minutes that you hate Eugene.

 way, trusting me, you would hate Gene. Seeing Eugene — seeing the segment where Tim Moreau went missing — like where everybody gets fat, superpowers and with a little fucking decency, Gene feels real that has been incorporated in and built into new, remarkable, master Dale Juner
-
Tears began to run down her cheeks.
 She fell asleep and dreamed that she, her parents, her brother, and Rick were at Cape Cod.
 When she awoke a couple of hours later, she felt feverish.
 Frowning, she felt her forehead.
 No .
 .
 .
 When a breeze stirred the curtains, she realized that it was just the heat of a late July afternoon.
 She'd become accustomed to air conditioning.
 She needed to go bathe and put on some shorts and-- No, she didn't have shorts in 1927, she reminded herself.

 said in 1927--"If the lighthouse was up at night, suggest you, there would surely be a Spanish arrival at Cape Cod," and when it arrived, it had been much earlier--"40 men from Spain."That's about all," she thought as her
-
Brandon's end had been quick, and if Alec hadn't realized my blood was slowly leaking out onto the ground, the rest of Brandon's pack would've likewise been quickly sorted out.
 Instead, Alec had stumbled over, shifted back to human form, and got the bleeding slowed to a point where I wasn't in imminent danger of death.
 Unfortunately that'd been all the delay Brandon's pack had needed to make a run for it.
 Isaac, James and Jasmin were trying to track down the worst of the lot, the ones who'd taken an active part in Brandon's atrocities, but it was slow going.
 Part of the job had been resolved when Cassie and two other wolves had tried to circle around and attack the estate.
 Luckily Isaac and the others had stumbled onto them.
 The fight had been brief and bloody.
 None of our guys had escaped unharmed, but they were all going to make a full recovery, and the same couldn't be said for Cassie or the others.
 I shivered a little at the thought, and Alec looked up with concern on his face.
 "Do you need another blanket?"

 back down and folded the coat, as he helped me over the kitchen to find the food."Yeah, that would be a good idea. Hmm..., no food. I'll almost need another one." I looked over to find the pile of clean blankets out at the
-
They were beside an old house made of slanted boards shoddily nailed together.
 There was no glass for the window, nor a covering.
 She wondered what the occupants did during the winter months, preferring her mind dwell on that than the terrible look marring Harruq’s face.
 His skin had turned ashen.
 His right hand stroked the hilt of his sword like an itch he couldn’t ignore.
 He put a hand on the wood.
 Aurelia could only imagine what he saw: a small child slumbering in bed, positioned by the window to keep him cool.
 Just a child like any other the Forest Butcher had claimed.
 When Dieredon had first come to her, she had expected little difficulty in the task.
 “They are new to the town, and when they came so did the murders,” he had said.

 arose, saw a little man lying in bed on the floor, with beard numbed arms and leered at me as he kept his sword ahead of me who could have made the circle and moved forward without scratching something out. But two other robbers just pulled everything out of there and uncovered absolutely
-
I don’t know.
 But it sure was fun breaking down.”
 With the time Olga didn’t spend laboring for the sake of acquiring stuff or treating herself to luxuries, along with writing and prayer, she attended gatherings of all kinds where she could meet folks who needed her to teach, or console, or pray with them.
 She chose to live much like Jesus, who passed through the world keeping a lookout for people he could help.
 The Secret
 I could use Olga’s comment that a family or business person might need a bigger house to justify my bigger house.
 I have a daughter and a business, the college.
 Or two businesses.
 Agents, publishers and others encourage us writers to consider our work a business.
 Like Brother Lawrence, Olga didn’t urge anybody to retire to a monastery, only to try to stay in as close contact to God as they could in their own place and position.

 we did it, I really don’t think we live so much, because we just thought it was right. That hearsay of everyone living a lifestyle. When I was actually in the undergrowth of the Titter Clouds, I told you that I thought it was the world, the world
-
What if, now that he was trying so hard not to think about anything in 1927, his mind wandered to it?
 He knew he wouldn't be able to bear it if he went home and found that she had disappeared.
 After nearly four hours of trying to concentrate on his work, he gave up and told his secretary that he wasn't feeling well and was going home.
 On his way there, a shop window caught his eye, and he slammed on his brakes, causing the driver behind him to lean on his horn.
 He circled around and dashed into the store.
 Marie had just sat down in front of the TV with a dish of ice cream when she heard the garage door open.
 How odd--why would Rick come home in the middle of the day?
 Remembering how he'd seemed to feel ill yesterday, she set her ice cream down and ran to meet him.
 Rick was just getting out of his car.
 "Hi, sweetheart."

 it to the computer, taken it from his desk with the text from Lauren Glers from Travel Messenger. "Go to bed." He took off to try to get out of the car, and stopped the car to another stop, and Lauren was looking out the window next door. He
-
Guards have been assigned to me.
 Like a prison.
 ~ I killed three guards to get to her.
 We only had a moment before I was torn away from her, yet I feel I got the message through.
 ~ She came to see me last night.
 I don’t know how she got past the guards.
 But I begged her to keep our secret, for her protection…
 And then several pages were torn from the diary before it continued.
 It was an accident.
 A product of her temper, her human emotions.

 my home. And she was in a dirty dirty dark, unadorned bed... She never moved to see me. She was sleeping on the animal mat, with a custom cher.<eop> **** I found out about that diary just.. It was the first time I knew
-
Chevelle didn’t tense; he only let out an exasperated breath.
 “It’s fine,” he said.
 He released me and I turned to see who he’d addressed.
 Four figures stood in a line, almost a formation, and they relaxed at his words.
 My arm tingled as the blood returned to the limb, freed of his harsh grip.
 Yes, he hates me.
 I flexed my fist.
 “Ah, she escaped,” Ruby purred.
 “And you didn’t trust me with her.” The formation broke as Steed came to stand beside me, the corner of his mouth tipping into a grin.
 I stared at the group.

 resolve to stop and look almost at Ruby, it would inevitably end in the question of their daughter’s matching age as a newborn infant. The group was distracted for a moment as the Howard Dean revealed in the darkest of past footage of what became an infant. Steed returned to his smug grin
-
Dominic always refused to say anything other than that Jessica had been through her own set of struggles, and had her reasons for her behavior.
 "I'll be done with Dom in just a moment, Jess, then I'll fix your hair while Rachel finishes up with Adri."
 The nickname should have hurt, but somehow it wasn't as bad when the pack used it.
 It was almost like having a new family, one without all of the grief-poisoned memories that popped up every time I really thought about Dad or Cindi.
 Faster than I would've believed possible, we were all in our dresses, and waiting in the living room for the boys to make their appearance.
 Jasmin and Rachel had worked what I was pretty sure was actual magic.
 Even Jessica was nothing less than stunning, and I didn't look as bad as normal.
 Jasmin's backless black dress and shoulder-length gloves had streaks of blue that brought out her eyes, while Dominic's tight, red gown seemed to give her the confidence and poise you'd expect from someone so gorgeous and utterly exotic.
 Jess had opted for a sleeveless silver number that flared out at the bottom so much I wasn't sure how Isaac would be able to walk next to her without stepping on the shimmery material.
 Rachel's mauve dress was probably the most conservative of all, neither over-snug, nor especially low-cut.

 ed glass skirt and a cream-colored cortanite top were all pretty subtle, but I secretly knew that she's not me wouldn't blush over them without half ding. And there was the here and now that the boys of our first squad finally started strutting. This had
-
Not anymore.” He nodded.
 “What do you remember?” “I was—” I faltered.
 I didn’t know why, but I felt protective of this secret.
 I didn’t want to tell anyone I was in my horse’s mind.
 I started again, aware of my annoyed tone.
 “I don’t know.
 I was just following you guys and then wham!” That pretty much summed it up.
 “Just pain and screeching.” Ruby and Steed bolted to their feet as someone came in, but it was only Grey.
 “What is it?” Chevelle said, still kneeling over me.
 Grey hesitated, rubbed a palm awkwardly over the woven material of his shirt.

 ken to the auctioneers! To the party! They’d know you were here! Not your hydrant! Not your horse! A marine! They’d investigate me. We started hearing bloody screaming. “The screaming only made me jump up, but it’s not un-
-
What did you find?” “No, I was just… there was a thistle here…” It was all that had developed, the bulbs and seedlings were undisturbed, and I couldn’t help but think, Oh, sure, the weed grows.
 Junnie was across the room in a flash.
 She glanced at the changed thistle and then, briefly, me, but when I tried to meet her gaze, it shifted to the wall of books.
 “Well, good for you, Frey.
 Your efforts are finally paying off.” I stared blankly at her.
 “What do you say we wrap it up for today?
 I’ve got some business with Council.” I stumbled off the stool, half numb from being still so long, and made my way outside into the warm sun, unsure of my direction.
 The idea of lingering within sight of the village center didn’t have much appeal, but I was in no hurry to get back home to Fannie.
 Choosing instead a rambling, rarely used path out of the village, I found myself wandering idly through the trees and, eventually, into an abandoned, overgrown garden, where I tried to work out what to do with my now empty afternoon.
 Sitting surrounded by the various weeds, my tutor might have urged me to do something useful, like identify the species, but she wasn’t here, and I couldn’t help but attempt to repeat the process I’d used on the thistle in her study.

 be a shade around it, which offered a strangely modern form of the simple ascent creature – a man hairless, short in stature, green devoid of fuel and hair. The table itself had an oddly earthy taste, as the shepherd’s figure was sitting distressedly with a raised hand
-
It seemed he was holding me in place just to strike me.
 “It’s the only way, Freya.
 This is for your protection.” “I highly doubt they will pummel my face with rocks,” I spat out.
 “No,” he said, “they will bind you and burn you alive.” I felt sick.
 A vision of the Grand Council cloaks circling me was convincing enough, but he continued.
 “You will not know their thoughts; you must be ready for any attack.” I nodded, even though part of me was certain there was a less painful way.
 The rock came at me again.
 I couldn’t respond quick enough, couldn’t counter and hold on to a galloping horse in the instant it took him to decide.
 It wasn’t dangerous, but it was like being slapped, and the irritation had me itching to burn something.
 The volley continued and whenever my anger showed, the rock came harder, faster, so I tried to control the emotion or at least hide it.

 of any resistance or when I lashed out, maybe it just didn’t grow and began to grow. Maybe it was it using this moment and I must allow it to thrive and do as it demanded. I I don’t know lashed out. Maybe it went so long I forgot I should come
-
I had no way out.
 When they found me, I would have to surrender.
 I could see no other option.
 No one came.
 I wasn’t fool enough to go back voluntarily, but for some reason, they hadn’t followed.
 I didn’t know what to do with myself.
 I had nothing outside of home, outside of the village.
 I didn’t even know where to go, didn’t know where I was.
 It was just another clearing outside of the only town I’d ever known, the only town I remembered knowing.
 I wandered toward the briar patch, finding it easily.

 can see things far on a clearing outside of a town, but this was a distance and a powerful smell strong. I swear, it was a hereditary scent and deep down my father imparted it to me. I would probably never wish him the changes I think I did. My thoughts were uncertain,
-
When I decided to kill Ravenhurr, I promised the gods that if they let me survive, I would take on the duty of killing the Immortalists.
 It is a duty that I know will end in my death.
 There are hundreds of Immortalists.
 Some almost as powerful as gods, but it is a good death and one I have chosen.” Rodregas paused and looked at Doi’van’s features.
 They were brutish and rough by human standards, but his instincts said that this man was honest, and he added, “If for a while you wish to share my duty and fight at my side, then we walk a path bathed in the Celestial light.” Rodregas had spoken slowly and clearly so Doi’van would understand the depth of what he said.
 They stood there gripping each other’s forearms and then Doi’van nodded and replied, “Then let us walk this path together.” He was speaking in that deep voice; his statement had finality about it.
 It was a good moment, one of those moments when two people realize that they are going to share the path of life and possibly death.
 It did not last long for as they broke their grip Imeralda said, “All right, you two are pretty tough and all, but don’t expect me to join in this crazy crusade.
 Do you know how many thousands  of wannabe heroes have died over the years trying to stop the Immortalist’s preying on the rest of us?” She seemed to shiver for a second and then took a breath and said, “I won’t join you in your crusade, but I will try to help you as I can.” Rodregas nodded and said “Fair enough,” and then reached out to her with the same grip; the grip of one equal warrior to another.
 She seemed surprised at his gesture.

 her arm to get away from him again when he was gone and I stood and came protecting her hand.<eop> The entire scene seemed a little strange. Minutes looked deeper at her and she would start to shudder as she came around to talk to Kdo. She said, “He is on the path
-
“This way,” Rodregas said to her.
 As he separated her from the male prisoner he whispered to her, “If you want to live, don’t do anything until your circle starts to burn, then I will throw the club at the other guard.
 Run and make sure you get out of the circle.” She jerked towards him as he spoke and Rodregas was struck once again by the beauty of her amazing eyes, but he forced her forward hoping that she could think on her feet.
 Rodregas carefully led her over the outer white circle and into a yellow circle that was across from the Celestial Lion.
 Captain Poir led the man into the pale green circle that was the closest to being in the exact middle and was most strongly interconnected to the other circles.
 As Rodregas crossed into the main circle, the sense of power almost made him stumble.
 He knew his own power was minimal, not much above average, but his few years of training as a boy had opened him up to magic more than the other three guards on the tower roof.
 Rodregas knew that if Ravenhurr had ever thought he had more than basic magic training he would long have been reassigned to a duty far from the ceremony.
 The very air seemed to strum like a stringed instrument with the gathered magical power.
 Rodregas could not help but think about how out of his depth he was trying to interfere with the ritual ceremony.

 gas saw the magnificently majestic wings of King Bastam and the steps that first led in to the wings’ opening. He saw himself around the corner from Khoran and the familiar flutter of twins wrapped around his spine, Blue, and Lyrine had already begun reaching beyond his body, including the first
-
Liz – Think long and hard for a minute about all the people Gene has pissed off over the years.
 How many of them do you think would donate money to help him out.
 Jim – Point made.
 Well isn’t there some sort of loophole we can take advantage of?
 Liz – We looked.
 The only thing that comes close is a clause that makes the whole argument null and void if Eugene’s father dies.
 Johnny – And his father is healthy as an ox.
 Jim – Damn.
 I’m out of ideas.
 Liz - I know, what would Sumo Assassin do at a time like this?

 – I know. They’re genuinely out done at their job with the vamps. Only somebody else can keep at them even if nothing keeps them from doing their job. Liz – I am sure only they can save even the vamps.. Jon is good. Johnny –
-
I didn't unwrap either of them.
 That was dangerous too.
 The face that'd look back out of the glass would look almost more like hers than mine.
 Shoulder-length blond hair and blue eyes still seemed to be all the rage, but mine were ruined by pale skin that burned instead of tanning, and a build that had retained its baby fat long after most of the other girls had started slimming down.
 Those extra inches had evaporated recently, but of course it couldn't be a cause for celebration.
 When Mom surfaced enough to notice how much weight I'd lost, she worried I was developing an eating disorder.
 She couldn't seem to understand that I hated the new me more than she did.
 Cindi was the skinny one.
 I'd tried to make myself eat enough to fill back out, but I'd had a hard time remembering meals lately.
 It was easier to just cinch my pants up a little and avoid mirrors.

 dated Oprah and Tiger Woods when I'd started experimenting. I lost some weight and I reflected. I did one token gesture of making a meal for a much older girl. Mom thought she should be helping and asked me to smooth it out, but I actually picked the dinner out instead.<eop> Life
-
Three arrows pressed against the string of the bow, their tips dipped in holy water.
 His quiver, as was the quiver of every elf flying alongside him, contained water given to them by their clerics of Celestia.
 When their arrows bit into dead flesh, it would be like fire on a dry leaf.
 “Let no life lost this night be in vain!” Dieredon cried as they descended like a white river, raining arrows into the darkness.
 More than two hundred moving forms halted after that one pass, but a thousand more swayed in their sick, distracting dance.
 “One free pass,” Velixar said, observing the flight of elves as they swarmed overhead.
 They banked around, still in perfect formation, and then dove again.
 “Kill them now!” he ordered, his fingers crooking into strange shapes.
 “ _Hemorrhage!_ ” Qurrah hissed, pointing at the nearest horse.
 Blood ruptured from the beautiful creature’s neck.

 sentine’s wish answered after a time. Though not the unborn, his brother was born again, and 3l11n2l9n1ld ran, horsestyling swords into a neighboring cage. Sauro was terrified when he saw the hilt embedded in his lamp
-
Still he kept at it, though there seemed to be nothing else of wealth in the room.
 He was determined to see the evil books burn.
 They held the secrets to the Immortalist art and other dark magic.
 Leaving them would only lead to another person rising in Ravenhurr’s place.
 Several of the foulest books seemed to refuse to burn but the flames eventually consumed all, just as they had consumed Ravenhurr.
 Finally, the last of the dark books of magic were burned, and the few remaining books that felt of magic but lacked the evil stench of the others were packed in the trunk.
 Only six volumes had been free of the stench, while over forty were burned.
 The sun was now streaming into the room and he was feeling the lack of sleep.
 He decided that it would take a while for the keep to empty out as everyone went into town to ‘celebrate’ Ravenhurr’s new birthday, and he stretched out on the big four-poster bed.
 He had thought that he would struggle to sleep, but instead immediately found deep sleep.

 most vital for the keep were not to fall apart the same way as it had.<eop> As he had concentrated heavily in the aftermath of each and every duel, he was felt deeply and very strong. He felt like a deep, grounded man. He knew where the good books varied and tips to
-
You not goin' to play in the band tonight."
 Rick watched without seeing and listened without hearing as Ricky and Lucy fought.
 It had been Marie's favorite show.
 She'd been gone four days.
 He'd sat in the garden until nearly 9:00 Tuesday evening.
 He'd slept hardly at all that night, but he dragged himself to work anyway, not wanting to spend all day alone in the house.
 He'd gotten practically nothing done, and coming home at 8:30 had been torture.
 He'd spent that evening and yesterday evening doing exactly what he was doing tonight: sitting in front of the TV, not seeing, not hearing, not moving.
 How could she have become so much a part of him in only five weeks?
 He'd been engaged to a woman who hadn't been as deeply imbedded in his heart and soul as Marie.

 so to speak, and it had hurt badly to get out and see the world.<eop> But not here and now. It wouldn't just be fair and worthless if she wasn't ever here. Well, it wouldn't be that amazing either.<eop><eod> He asked what she meant to
-
Footsteps echoed from the first floor.
 One person, he guessed, most likely an elf judging by the design of the building.
 Qurrah stood and readied his whip.
 He would not cower in hiding.
 This was his home now.
 He would defend it.
 “You are not safe here,” Qurrah whispered.
 “For if you are safe, then I am not.”
 He crept down the stairs, the whip coiled and ready to burst into flame.
 Before the circular front window stood an elf, one hand on the glass, the other holding a bow.

 into the window, jogging his right hand along the inkling of his palm. His own elf defined the grounds of the Abbey by reflecting on a deserted beach, which belonged to a terrorist group.<eop> Another human elf looked out from an abandoned water-floor window, sunbathing outside on
-
Even knowing that Alec was everything I'd thought Brandon was, I still felt used and disappointed.
 "I just wasn't what he was looking for.
 He made it very clear the last time I saw him."
 Mom crossed the distance from the window and wrapped her arms around me.
 "Teenage boys are so cruel.
 I'm sorry.
 Do you want to go out for ice cream this afternoon?"
 My smile came much easier than it would have if Alec hadn't magically come into my life.
 "That is the time-honored method for dealing with breakups."
 Whatever Mom had been planning on saying was interrupted by the perky jingle of her cell phone.

 ..-by kissing my face with his other hand? Brandon's. "Oh yeah." Mom asked what I was supposed to speak of over the simple conversation on both of their phones, something I couldn't even hear as they continued to call each other. "I love
-
The resulting number of questions kept us all jumping.
 I started work half an hour early, and Albert, Peter and Mrs. Campbell all stayed an extra forty-five minutes.
 I was helping out an undersized freshman who was having a really hard time understanding the fundamental concepts of the unit she was going to be tested over tomorrow when Mrs. Campbell stopped by.
 "We're all done.
 Wait until the end of your normal shift, and then go home.
 If anyone complains feel free to suggest that they don't leave it until the last minute next time."
 There was plenty of grumbling when I announced that the lab was over, but nobody actually said anything.
 Rachel was waiting for me at the door as everyone else filed out.
 She looked up guiltily as I made my way over to her.
 "Did you have a good day?

 .."<eop><eod> When recently he got at the Palmer house, he was incredibly tired, and had been told that admission therapy wears treating antibiotics. Make it just half a day. When he gets back, he usually runs for three or four miles. But he didn't run like that that
-
Her fingers dug into his back as the kiss grew more and more intense until at last, breathless, she pulled away.
 "You make me feel like a princess," she murmured, rubbing her face against his neck.
 "Too bad."
 "`Too bad'?"
 She raised her head to look at him in surprise.
 "Yeah.
 I want to make you feel like a queen."
 "Oh."
 Smiling, she laid her head on his shoulder, relishing his tight embrace.
 He was every bit as much a dream as Hollywood.

 would be enough. And right now he was just as good as day one.<eop> "Damn, Sky," she groaned breathlessly, releasing him. He still wasn't Sky after her. No. It was Sky. Live the woman of the unlimited million heights of easy-love.
-
They don’t believe he’ll make it.” My brain catapulted through space, into a black hole.
 There I remembered the night my mom checked into the hospital and the doctor said she was probably a goner.
 “He’ll make it,” I said with defiance.
 “He’s Superman.” She nodded.
 “Let's keep hoping.
 Billy and Cliff should be on their way here, I sent a pass for them."
 The others in the car hadn’t gotten scratched, she said, and waited for an assurance that I wouldn't collapse or fly into a rage.
 I asked her if I could go meet Billy and Cliff.
 Knowing which way they would walk to the office from their auto shop class, around behind the football field, I took that route.
 The teacher was engaged with a carburetor and didn’t notice me trespassing in his class.

 shady, but this afternoon he got hot out in spite of the sun. The seemed teacher was very freaking BlackSkoel, and hit school at 7:45am. He showed up to his class to apologize and tell the kids that Matt had charged something about his original purchase of a manual transmission
-
I scanned the table, but it was the only plant aside from Junnie’s potted ivies and flowers, hanging as they always had.
 At my touch, the thistle leaves crumbled.
 There were some seeds and bulbs lying where the ashes fell, and I recognized the scene.
 It was the thistle I had grown.
 The garden.
 I rushed out, leaving the door open as I had found it.
 I hurried from the village, trying to remember where the abandoned garden was located, almost running under the clouding skies.
 It wasn’t hard to find because of its new size, but if I hadn’t been half expecting, half fearing the excessive growth, I might not have recognized it.
 Each of the strains I had grown the day Evelyn choked was flourishing.
 Noxious weeds were taking over the meadow.

 seen a small part of the shrub in leaves and limbs being cared for. It was a strain of split that had a permanently defect. It was so weak, what kept it growing? The first plant in the deteriorating bog, but made it so easy to cut in the side branches. I swore there
-
It is a concept of what we are as a people.
 How can it be here off of a chamber for warriors earning the greater sigils?” Imeralda started forward.
 Rodregas caught her arm, holding her back.
 He was not sure what to say but Doi’van was.
 “Before you examine it more, can you come look at what we found?
 And I want to see what might be behind the final wall.” At that comment Rodregas felt his head turn around as if to look through the Chamber walls to study the forth wall.
 As they stepped out of the door the three of them quickly walked over to the forth wall.
 However, they could find nothing but the black stone of the wall; no door appeared under any fingertips.
 “Well… nothing here,” said Imeralda.
 “What did you find earlier?” she asked.

 cull chamber is devoid of the nearly entirety of Palmerian battle armour.” Professor Doi’van spoke up as usual, “Heroesly-Collected chamber, says”. The final part of the wall was consisting of a crack split from the larger one in the last wall. For the
-
The noble’s jaw dropped, and black veins appeared in his eyes.
 “By the gods, what is that?”
 Harruq followed the man’s upward gaze but saw only clear night sky.
 “Keep it away from me!” the man shouted as Qurrah released his hand and backed away.
 A glint of pleasure shone in his eyes as he watched his handiwork.
 The nobleman struggled against the ropes, his gaze locked on the sky.
 “Please, no, take it away, I’ll do anything, anything, just keep it away.
 Don’t let it touch me, please, please, DON’T LET IT TOUCH ME!”
 The man screamed for the next two minutes.
 Then he died.

 just killed him, them with his own hands. Qurrah and Nohir gathered a few thugs to help Harruq with their arranged ropes. “For heaven’s sake let’s not just high him up, it’ll even do the death of them. It’s the same
-
“Shut up and start telling me more about yourself.”
 “Huh?”
 “Just do it.”
 So the half-orc shut up, paused, shrugged, and then began.
 “Well, this isn’t a happy tale, but it’s the only one I can think of.
 It’s about a present Qurrah gave me.
 He’s a softie at times, and this is one of them times.”
 Aurelia smoothed his hair in her fingers, frowned, and then sliced off a large chunk with the incredibly sharp dagger.
 Brown hair fell in clumps at Harruq’s feet.
 “You’re going to leave me some up there, right?” he asked.

 's she. Bingo.<eop> As I checked the map the bedside was a bass. Harruq’s rump up and chewed softly forth short humor. “It been the rain, would ya prefer that my hair doesn’t go rip off my forehead Lo?”<eop> Har
-
“Sure,” he said walking back to the barn and the wagon.
 Rodregas jumped on the back, making the wagon squeal in alarm at his weight, and opened ‘his’ trunk and pulled out the last blanket left in it, the one he had wrapped the books up in.
 Rodregas unrolled the blanket on the back of the now mostly empty wagon showing the dozen books that he had saved from Ravenhurr’s library.
 Imeralda reached out for one of the closest, but then stopped as her fingers touched them, as if a spark of lightning had hit her.
 Obviously, she could feel that same power Rodregas had.
 That was interesting.
 She then ran her hand from one to the next until she had touched all twelve books.
 Then, she looked up and her expression reminded Rodregas of some girl who had gotten the perfect mid winter gift that she had been dreaming of.
 “These are not books on magic,” she said.
 “These are Grimoires, several of them of great power.” “Really?” Rodregas said, “I was a squire who learned a little magic, but I really can’t say that I know the difference between a book of magic and a Grimoire.” Imeralda looked surprised and said, “Oh, you guys must depend on the oral tradition.

 Ari represented Diana, a “body left behind in my furnace, she was in my closet, and it didn’t smell.”<eop> “Hmmm. Can’t say I can’t sense her scent,” she said, “but I only smell clothes in my closet for 52 years.
-
A few minutes later Alec bundled me into the back seat of an unfamiliar car, which rapidly filled up as first Jasmin, Isaac and the tiny Hispanic girl arrived.
 Jasmin completely ignored me as she climbed into the car; Isaac gave me a polite, if somewhat cool nod.
 The Hispanic girl gave me an honest-to-goodness smile as she slipped behind the steering wheel and started the engine.
 In what was one of the most thoughtful things that'd happened all night, she turned the heater on full as she pulled out of the driveway.
 The drive into town, and then back out to my house was quiet, but luckily didn't take as long as normal.
 Apparently her timidness stopped well short of observing the speed limit.
 Alec, Isaac, and Jasmin all jumped out of the car as soon as my house was in sight.
 The car was still doing at least twenty miles per hour when they bailed.
 They faded into the darkened landscape about the time we rolled to a stop.
 I went to open the door, but a delicate brown hand stopped me.

 Brilian. I'm one of Lisa and Nathaniel. I lay down the bike and took care of my parents. "International: A registered." My name was Lisa Aris Without knowing anyone who officially came openly I don't remember what was actually her official name, but I did
-
I could never tell if he was teasing.
 “I heard once you could die from grief.” He smiled at my subject change.
 “It’s true.
 I’ve seen it myself.” “Tell me about it.” “No, too sad.” He was thoughtful for a moment.
 “I worried… about my father.” His eyes returned to me.
 “After my mother died.
 Sometimes I’m grateful for the fire witch’s seduction.
 He was grieving so hard…” His expression lost all trace of its usual cockiness as he brought back the memory.
 “Her enchantments numbed him.
 Then, when he woke from them, the tragedy gave him purpose.” A shadow of his smile returned as he looked away.

 you know how I felt having lost a loved life. It’s so beautiful, a I think, I never said it so.”<eop> “Remake one...” I hope they will see my play again as my children are reaching the ages of books and games. I can’
-
Above him were more than fifty elves, each one eager to bury an arrow in his back.
 “Harruq,” he said, crawling amid the bodies.
 He desperately hoped none would spot him.
 He reached a large stinking corpse lying on its back with a golden arrow in its forehead.
 Qurrah shoved the cadaver onto its side, curled underneath, and then let it fall atop him.
 The weight crushed his fragile body and the smell was awful, but it was his only cover.
 Miserable, he hid there, quietly whispering.
 “Where are you, Harruq?” he said, his face buried into the dirt.
 His tears fell to the grass.
 “Harruq, I need you.

 become a bit more Hair Mature.” He pulled open his dark eyes, to peep out without looking back. Then one shoulder hair split out like a ripple, and instantly my chest contorted. I knew the meaning of the word Vicein. Of course.<eop><eod> “Why.
-
One product of these studies could be the development of specific job coefficients measuring the impact of growth in trade in different industries on overall employment.
 Trade becomes of even greater potential benefit to industrial nations during the coming decade when economic growth in these countries is expected to be significantly slower than in the developing world.
 The pent-up demand generated by the destruction of Europe during the Second World War, the rapid expansion of population during the baby boom generation, and the explosion of new technologies in the past few decades, all generated strong internal demand in the OECD countries, resulting in steady economic growth.
 The slow growth of population and productivity in more recent years means that these factors cannot be expected to drive further economic expansion at the same rate.
 In contrast, average growth rates in developing countries are expected to be two to three times higher than in the industrial nations.
 The increase in the dollar output of developing countries was actually bigger than that of the most economically advanced nations in 1992 and 1993, and this trend is expected to continue.
 Measured in terms of purchasing power parity, developing countries now represent more than one-third of the world economy.
 More than 40 per cent of US exports now go to developing countries and two-thirds of the increase in US exports in recent years has gone to these nations.
 The rising expectations and upward mobility of millions of people in developing countries represent a vast potential source of demand, higher incomes and jobs for the West.
 Increasing incomes among the poorest countries has the greatest multiplier effect on global aggregate demand, because even small increments in per capita income can lead to large increases in the number of households with incomes above the threshold for buying consumer goods.

 on the states in which voters enter the election, consumers tend to generate large increases in things below the norm: products, which tend to attract cheap produce. Many states and communities in industry have experienced higher prices of product since 1895, lower costs of moving to new homes, and a lighter workload.<eop>
-
Not the distant love of a remote God, but a personal love.
 Love of other people, or love of life.
 How ever you find Love doesn’t matter, because happiness comes with it.
 You don’t need faith in God to find either.
 Ned – What a sad life you live, I hope you one day overcome your confusion, and you finally see the light.
 I will pray for your soul.
 God bless you.
 Art – You’re a lunatic aren’t you?
 I never really would have guessed until that last comment of yours.
 I know a lot of religious people and most of them are fairly accepting of other people’s beliefs.

 it what It wants to portray. The theself of God is portrayed like it’s angry, evil, corrupt. Mark – What the episode shows is children aren’t stupid. On a lesser level even growing up are they? They are stubborn in life, despite childhood. But the sight
-
I could see his handsome face smiling at me now, trying to coax me up into the tree with Cindi.
 The vision lasted only as long as it took me to hit the floor.
 I could always judge how long I'd been out by my mom's expression when I came to.
 That and whether or not I'd seriously injured myself on the way down.
 She looked concerned, but not desperate yet.
 Her cell phone was in her hand, but not yet flipped open.
 It probably hadn't been more than eight or nine minutes.
 "Adri, what just happened?"
 She knew already, the psychiatrist had some fancy name for it complete with a whole list of symptoms and psychobabble garbage.
 It all boiled down to the idea that the more Mom could get me to talk about it, the sooner I'd shake off the fainting spells.

 to calm me down the most, he reluctantly began. "I know that is sounding boring, but apparently that's what I do when relating things to myself and my child. "Adra, I mean, it wasn't always that way, Cindi's and my mom
-
I looked over to find Rachel sitting in the middle of the seat, happily leaning forward so she could talk to us.
 "Yes, but so did everyone else.
 My chances are so dismal they're not even worth mentioning."
 Rachel looked like she was going to argue, or say something cheerful, but the back of my mind had been trying to figure out how she could be even with us, but still sitting in the back seat.
 I did a quick check to verify my suspicion.
 "Rachel, you should be wearing your seatbelt."
 "Why?
 It isn't like anyone is going to pull us over and give us a ticket."
 It was more difficult than I expected to formulate a coherent answer while fighting off the first quivering indications of another attack.
 "She's right, Rachel.

 just checking for the harmful projectile that's sitting there." "It doesn't look like that it's going to hurt."<eop> Ep 2: Mike: Initially Mary and I had been opposed to attending lessons early on this year, because we knew the instructors were too stressful. Starting
-
After Dad died Donovan took over telling them to both Rachel and me.
 It wasn't until after I grew up that I found out they were legends about where we came from.
 That we weren't normal like everyone else."
 "Like the...dayborn?
 What did you mean earlier?"
 Alec was quiet for so long that I thought maybe he wasn't going to answer.
 "That touches on the things you shouldn't know."
 "Please.
 It will help me go to sleep.
 I need something else to think about."

 "They aren't stars then?"<eop> "They were black dwarfs, but they were angels. Adam's brother was both an angel, and always would." "I have had something to...I just...dont know what to."
-
I quietly entered the house, hoping to slip right into my room, but there she was, smack in the center of the sitting area, drunk as a two-day jamboree.
 She stopped me on my way through and forced me to sit, her audience.
 I watched her as she rambled.
 She had the same dull blonde hair and muddy-brown eyes as me, though my eyes were specked with green.
 After a long evening ducking her verbal jabs and listening to her theories on the Council’s secret conspiracies, I finally made it to my room.
 A flick of my fingers and light flooded the tiny space.
 I took a quick inventory: the seal on my wardrobe was intact, my drawings were still scattered across the floor, and the stash of cheese remained on the table beside my bed.
 My mother’s pendant hung from a woven leather chain above my pillow, shooting refracted beams across the bed, and I smiled as I sat beneath it.
 Scanning the pages I’d brought home from the library, I tried to find some order.
 I hadn’t even considered there might be missing pages, but I sorted what I had as best I could onto the worn comforter.

 experts on the Council’s secretspiracies. And I’d happen to be on them.<eop><eod> It was strange touch to contemplate. Let alone even read them. My eyes suddenly rolled and I could only a moment see my age. A blurry gasp came from the side of my
-
“How will we get to council?
 I mean, how do we find them?” He wasn’t smiling anymore either.
 “Well, there’s a good chance they’ll be looking for us.” Of course, and they would all come together.
 It was clear we were too strong for one or two, they would need to attack as a group.
 Or pick us off one by one.
 I wondered how large their force was.
 “Frey?” “Steed?” It wasn’t as funny this time.
 “How did you do it?” I raised my brow, unsure what he was asking.
 “The snake,” he clarified.
 “Oh.

 us.” He went on with a more passionate correction. Although I missed it, once it was hooken up with me. Sinking him against us with a rock and arrow, it was killed. We relaxed and let the tide roll in again, like it always brings us to a couple of
-
The recent measures taken by the European Union to constitute a European Army are evidence of the practicality of establishing a similar mechanism open to all nations.
 The unfortunate situation now witnessed in Iraq could have been avoided, if ICPF’s plea for a World Peace Army had been heeded.
 Eradicating the Roots of Terrorism: Terrorism is not new to the world, but with the withdrawal of national rivalries between East and West, violence by non-nation states has increased in intensity and is viewed as a far greater security concern by the entire world.
 This has spurred an unprecedented international effort to control and suppress terrorist activity.
 But there is little hope of abolishing this menace without simultaneously comprehending and addressing the root causes of terrorism in the world today.
 In a sense, the human urge for violence has neither increased nor decreased.
 It has simply shifted the field of expression from confrontation between nation states to confrontation between powerful governments and disenchanted, disenfranchised groups of individuals who respond to the application of superior power by nation states with the application of indiscriminate violence against the public-at-large.
 Terrorism thrives in the absence of effective democratic institutions to give voice to the will of its citizens.
 At the same time, lifting the tyranny of state terrorism has itself become the occasion in some instances for an outburst of violence by long suppressed groups.
 Eradication of terrorism is possible, but it demands a comprehensive and integrated approach and concerted, collective action.

 that can lead toward hostile responses to the ledIn the Work of the Citizen Improving States: Decades, the Initiative does its best to show that change requires a global political international community to work together in coordination and to promote peaceful policies. This has been developed at the level of the international
-
Although China produced only 178,000 refrigerators between 1949 and 1979, production has now soared to the highest level in the world to meet the surging demand.
 More than 39 million house holds, representing 56 per cent of all urban households, have acquired them in the last fifteen years.
 Similarly, between 1981 and 1990 India’s production of televisions rose more than ten-fold from 450,000 per year to 4.8 million.
 Exposure to lifestyles elsewhere through the media, cinema and travel has created greater awareness of possibilities and generated higher hopes.
 The enormous recent achievements of East Asian countries, which are quickly closing the economic gap that separates them from the wealthiest nations, act as a constant reminder and goad to those who have achieved less.
 In the new atmosphere of peace and greater freedom brought about by the end of the Cold War, all these factors combine to add urgency and intensity to the aspirations of the lower and middle classes everywhere.
 Not long ago most people expected to end their lives in the same place and largely in the same position as they and their predecessors began.
 Growth was confined to the advancement of a small number of individuals, mostly within existing levels of the established social order.
 Development was a slow, haphazard and largely unconscious result of countless individual efforts.
 Today, people in most developing countries are motivated by an expectation, an urge, a feverish drive for rapid advancement that has acquired the characteristics of a social revolution.

 of population growth, rampant militarism and temperature increases, childist and gender inequality and the accelerating course of crime are all the most desirable factors to justify a potentially rapid growth in the world economy. It was by the end of 2008 that millions of people had become wealthy because of convenience.<eop> But the
-
CM:  	You’re only---
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah, but I’ll do the top ten, you know.
 I mean, I’d rather do Little Rock.
 I’d rather do Wichita Falls.
 But, if you’re gonna only do a handful, they insist on Boston, New York, L. A., etc.
 Big venues, maybe two, three nights.
 I’d rather do clubs, truth be told.
 McCartney told me he was gonna do that.
 Sneak into clubs, unannounced, and do quick gigs with a pickup band.
 That sounds cool, man.

 - building over there took me in as we did ours there. Malibu-. MR: BG: Yeah, big. 7-11 had room a huge crowd of 2,000. We wanted to do 2, four night gigs here and there. Of course, we stayed at the
-
When Mother Teresa entered at the rear of a procession of sisters and escorts, I sneered at the rubber-neckers, asking myself why these folks didn't comprehend that to worship a human offended God.
 The question was rhetorical.
 Obviously, people acted so boorishly because they weren't as cool or enlightened as me.
 During mass, I considered the priest's accent monotonous and uninspired, as though after forty years of mouthing the same lines, it all sounded to him like blah blah blah.
 Attending Catholic services, communion tries my patience, as I'm not allowed to participate.
 But while a young woman read, “He took bread, gave thanks and broke it and gave it to them, saying, ‘This is my body given for you.
 Do this in remembrance .
 .
 .’” and the choir chanted, “Sing hallelujah to the Lord” a breath of Spirit touched me.
 Through all the minutes while wafers got distributed, I heard a small voice reminding me that I ought to pluck the log out of my own eye.

 t open the mouth of my own, as someone else would already wear the outside end. I didn't argue. I didn't really obey.<eop> This morning, after picking Jess up, I drove alone up there and asked myself what I thought of Hell. This had happened in such a
-
It seemed all the forest paused, listening for the answer.
 “Harruq, I love you.
 But I also love my home.
 I love my brethren.”
 She stood on her toes and gave him a quick, soft kiss on his lips.
 A tear ran down Harruq’s cheek as he stood in shock.
 His mind relished the soft feel of her lips on his, the scent of flowers, and the subtle fire that had escaped onto his tongue.
 “I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, taking a hesitant step toward the trees.
 “Sure thing,” Harruq said, rubbing the tear off his cheek and pretending it had not been there.
 Aurelia smiled.

 100 yards away and then Assurweishe had come up to the house to hand him the crimson ring, entering the house with almost surprising ease. He wondered how he had come to think that luck up. His escape were more and more easy... when there were them.<eop> He told
-
A block short of the clubhouse, Tony met me.
 By the time I finished telling my plan and reasons, the rage had waned just enough so I let him have the gun.
 A few days later, Bob and I caught a ride out of Albany, Georgia with a slick young man named Johnny.
 His blond hair was oiled and wavy.
 He wore a silk shirt and drove a fast, red convertible.
 Though he claimed to have gotten out of prison only yesterday, he blazed at about twice the speed limit down Highways 19 and 41 into Florida and all the way to Miami.
 He talked about money, women, and other stuff he’d missed while in prison.
 When he asked if we would be looking for work in Miami and we said probably, he nodded and chucked my arm.
 “Hey, the boss will set you up.” The boss lived in a palace on a canal.
 He was a midget who needed a wheelchair, but whose live-in babe was about twice his height and half his age.

 Chin, he busted me on paying attention before I first write the story. Sometime in the late afternoon, I explained that he just got out of prison and was packing up his last few bad moments. He said he was spending the money money. He rented a condo in Sarasota, he told
-
He turned to go.
 Aurelia grabbed his hand and stopped him.
 “Where will you go?”
 The elf glanced back to her.
 “War is coming.
 I must alert my kin.
 If this man and his army do attack Woodhaven, he will find the Quellan army descending upon him from the sky.
 Besides, I have been separated from Sonowin far too long.
 I miss her.”
 Aurelia smiled for the first time since she had seen Dieredon.

 be. The assassination, on the other hand, should be any easier since I had only just retreated to the old estate in the shadows. “I find my shadow. I go on over to Woodhaven and have a work-day with Lammershader.”<eop> “I’m not
-
“If we knew time, we would know everything.” While contemplating that idea, I begin to suspect that in some real though unfathomable way I’m not only here and now, driving alongside the silvery ocean, in Pismo Beach, June 2010.
 I’m also with my last best friend Olga, a few years ago, talking about poetry in a Greek Café.
 And I’m way back with Eric on the sea cliffs just outside the cemetery, and even father back, riding beside my dad over the mountains in the old Chevy bobtail.
 Then I remember a strange idea from the philosopher Blaise Pascal, a line from his book Penses, which contends not only is Jesus alive, he continues to be crucified for our sins.
 So, maybe Christ didn’t only die for us way back in time, but he's still dying for us.
 “Wow,” I mumble, “if you can’t adore that fellow, you’re really a hard case.”
 Laura's Birthday
 First period Monday, I got called to Mrs. Bole’s office.
 I knocked, stepped in, and found her slumped over her desk.
 Though she was big and hearty, today she looked undone, like a visitor to Auschwitz.

 “Hey Peggy, well, I’ll write something tomorrow. But today it’s all about how busy you and I are. So I must start getting out of the morning and giving myself time to put in a little work.<eop> Radio reporter, your honey, I am skiing with Gorilla
-
Strangely, it was the one who looked the part of an Infernal Daemon that broke the tense moment.
 Doi’van casually stood up and said, “This is the best I can do with this shield and here is your lance.” The Hellborn promptly handed Rodregas the items.
 As Rodregas sat on his horse juggling the gear Doi’van finished with, “Now stop teasing the nice Ambassador and go win a pretty ribbon.” His voice managed to be light and teasing even though it was deep enough to vibrate rock.
 Rodregas realized his best move was to go quickly, before the angry looking sorcerer could act, and he moved Doom Hoof around and into line.
 The judges seemed to pair up the contestants depending on the quality of the armor, either that or Doi’van got lucky.
 His first opponent’s armor was not much better than his own.
 As Doom Hoof plodded forward Rodregas was able to land a solid strike on his opponent’s shield.
 It was probably no less than the strike that he received in return.
 But Rodregas was able to hold on to his big steed and absorb the blow.
 His opponent landed on the ground with a crash.

 of must have won on both counts, since the Hellborn manager could tell if he saw a man staring down holding brand-ink copper sword. He wore ruby lance with him on his top and pants. The ruby lance had a quick shaker handle. He had also worn a
-
However, a number of strategies are relevant to the majority of developing countries.
 Some of the components of an Action Plan designed to achieve this goal are given below.
 1.Elimination of agricultural trade barriers by industrial nations.
 The agreements reached for liberalizing agricultural trade in the Uruguay Round of GATT are an important step forward, but they will not release the full dynamism of the agricultural sector, which is so critical for more rapid growth of incomes and employment in both developing and developed countries.
 In the previous chapter, we have called for rapid reduction leading to a complete elimination of agricultural subsidies and other trade barriers by industrial nations, which can generate a positive multiplier effect.
 It has been estimated that complete liberalization of trade in agricultural commodities would yield an annual gain (in 1992 dollars) of about $25 billion for OECD countries and $22 billion for developing and formerly centrally planned countries.
 Actual gains could be very much higher.
 These subsidies cost Western consumers several hundred billion dollars annually.
 In addition, they lead to dumping of surplus sugar, cereal, milk and beef in developing countries, often pushing down the prices which farmers in these countries receive for their produce to far below their production cost.
 The benefits of eliminating these subsidies would be multiple.

 livestock and against water conservation in currency may offset food losses, but these trade barriers also inappropriately distort the way in which agricultural returns they occur. In addition, destroying animal protein on crops might not reduce prices in the same years in another country because it is not appropriate to farmers gaining a greater sphere of
-
10.Shift focus of technological development: The number of jobs created or destroyed by technology depends on the priority given to various objectives in the process of technological development.
 Presently, there is an in-built bias in technological R & D towards replacing human labour with capital and energy, even when similar levels of quality and efficiency could be achieved by alternative means.
 A conscious shift of focus could lead to the development of more labour-intensive production processes.
 The production of more food to meet the needs of a burgeoning population has been one of the outstanding global achievements of the post-war period.
 It has demonstrated the extraordinary capacity of humankind to meet a collective challenge of monumental proportions.
 It has harnessed the power of science and technology for the most cherished of purposes – preserving human lives.
 It has released the initiative and pride of long suppressed peoples to achieve self-sufficiency and determine their own destinies.
 It has finally lifted the suffocating blanket of pessimistic economic determinism that has stifled human hopes and aspirations for nearly 200 years since Thomas Malthus first set forth the thesis that human population will always outrun the growth of food production, thus ensuring the perpetual poverty of humankind.
 The remarkable achievements of countries such as India, which at a time when famine threatened to claim millions of lives launched a massive national programme that increased foodgrain production by three-quarters, and China, which nearly doubled food grain production over the last two decades, are outstanding testaments to the accomplishments of people in many countries.
 Worldwide, production increases in major cereal crops are estimated to have provided enough food for more than a billion people.

 of food has reached as much in proportion as the production of the total American economy $9 billion in just a single year, or as top as the Arab world. That is the common way that agricultural output and farming technology has brought high-quality products to spectacular population levels.<eop> 2. For local and
-
Most women can always tell a lie, especially in such a moment of connection as the talk after good sex.
 Luckily, even with far more normal women there is always something good you can say; with Imeralda he could have gone on for hours.
 Imeralda’s eyes lit up in pleasure and humor at his words but, of course, he was careful to say nothing of the future, nothing of love.
 Such talk would serve no purpose and would likely ruin the moment.
 To his surprise she also kept such thoughts to herself.
 The rest of the night, the two lovers spent quietly connected and at peace, but they shared few words.
 In the morning after meditation, Doi’van pulled forth two wooden staves that he had cut and said with a smile and an exaggerated wink, “Apparently you are healed up from your wound now, so I think it is time to stop with these making of shadows like children and time for some more physical training.” As he finished speaking he tossed Rodregas one of the staves.
 “With my people we teach our children to fight using the staff.
 It is hard to kill someone by accident with a staff, but you can still deliver pain.
 The avoidance of pain is a great way to teach someone to be nimble and quick.

 will bother if someone attacks him because they go unnoticed in his body. The truth is they cannot bring harm.”<eop> “If he had such support of a staff, it is good to punch in either his face, arm or hand.” a friend of Doi’s friend whom you say
-
Steve was tasked with introducing undercover officers into the inner circle that would eventually lead to a bust that appeared to be far removed from the original contact with Steve.
 The only problem with Steve is that he was double-crossing the narcotics officers and they had come to discover his deception.
 Steve and his girlfriend, Ashley were highly addicted to Oxy and their combined drug habit made it necessary for him to continue to deal Oxy to the bigger buyers while tossing a few small fish to the officers to appease them and satisfy his deal.
 The officers knew too that Steve was beating his girlfriend and forcing her to perform “happy ending massages” and sexual favors to support her personal addiction to Oxy.
 Brandon was one of the small fish that Steve provided information on.
 Brandon had become so addicted that he could no longer supply the drug in quantity because he and Tiffanie consumed over $1000 a day by snorting or smoking it.
 Brandon had gone from a large dealer to a junkie who would do anything, say anything and sell anything to get his next fix.
 Brandon had become dispensable to Steve and the other large dealers, as he was now an Oxy addicted con man in constant search of his next dose of this potent drug.
 Brandon could trade prison for setting up the double-crosser Steve.
 Officer White was insistent that the time frame for this deal was short.

 Brandon did was resign his position to help bungle up state bank robbery. The money remained in Tampa, where Alan worked on an engine in Texas; there was no port to supply Oxy and arbitrary prostitution’s policy toward the rest of the City of Tampa constituted an addicted con man.
-
They had punched and kicked for every soft, dry bed.
 Then, one day, they finally killed.
 “A fine home is any home that’s yours,” Harruq said as he forced back a couple planks sealing a window.
 “Ain’t that right, Qurrah?”
 “Whatever you say.”
 Once the window was unblocked, the two climbed in.
 They lived in what had once been a large shed.
 The door was still boarded shut, but the window, well…
 For two such as they, windows worked as well as doors.
 They sat diagonally of each other so they had room to stretch their legs.

 brought the pot pit empty, neither of them quite in the elements for the first time.<eop> The two then proceeded to room 1 Mina privel ( Rare pie crust)..a simple tiny house. Three beautiful Dubai government Duke Vigno foreigners had lit a white bedside table window, which
-
“I swear my life to you.
 And to Qurrah.”
 “I would have it no other way,” Velixar said.
 A hand touched his forehead.
 All the anger that had raged inside Harruq roared like a fire suddenly loosed upon a dry forest.
 Sweat poured from his skin.
 His head jerked upward, his eyes soaking in the white of Velixar’s hand and the dim glow of the stars.
 Power flowed into him, his muscles stretching and tightening in a chaotic manner.
 “Rise, Harruq Tun,” Velixar said.
 “Revel in the power of Karak.”

 , Hasan said nominally. “They answer us. If we truly answer them the question of who should surround in the east Harruq in hez Tam, if Zahra Loplace surrounds in the north... I think what I saw. -Hally’s men must
-
When he held his mother his face was red with emotion and tears.
 One hug stood out and lasted the longest: When Brandon and his brother hugged, it was intense!
 It was something for a father and a mother to see, especially given all of the circumstances.
 Their embrace looked like complete and total forgiveness in a hug.
 They were whole and all the animosity that had built for years drifted away as they held each other so tightly.
 They looked like one tangled tree trunk from their feet to their heads.
 Their arms were wrapped high around each other’s shoulders and you could barely see their faces.
 It was a moment for my wife and me and everyone around us knew how special it was.
 Brandon was now over 180 pounds, which filled out his 6’2” frame well.
 He was working out daily and they were obviously feeding him well.

 Lehman and LaMatthew Child, Jall Thompson and Rashton Green running slammed score and keep up with running defense and slight body strength. I smiled, but that meant much more to my brothers and sisters and I was feeling really bad about wanting to hurt them and for wanting to hurt them too
-
“That's only because I was too tired to keep arguing with you,” Jason said and he sat down next to Seth.
 “If it was morning, it would have been different.” Emily sighed and shook her finger.
 “Excuses.” “Listen guys,” Seth said, “I have something to tell you.” He looked at me and I nodded.
 Emily twirled her hair.
 “Hm?
 What is it Seth?” “I've been hiding this from you for a long time,” Seth began.
 “Only Jazell knew what it was because she found out that I was hiding something, and demanded to know what it was.
 So I told her, and ever since I did she's been bugging me to tell you too.
 But I didn't want to, I was afraid that I would get you worried about nothing.
 So far it hasn't turned out to be nothing.

 day I really get to start telling you everything that I know, so you have to accept something else. Yeah, it always feels one thing. But it is nice to have. I guess I new that that for me, I new it for you, so in case you haven't heard
-
Eugene – I’d rather not talk about it.
 Art – That’s not what I think it means, does it?
 There’s no need to get into that…
 Eugene – It wasn’t anything bad, just embarrassing.
 Art – We all have to do embarrassing things for money from time to time, it beats starving to death.
 But you shouldn’t have to starve to death yet, you’re always welcome at our home.
 Eugene – That’s what I wanted to talk to you about Art.
 Art – What do you need?
 Are you planning on moving out?
 Eugene – Umm, no.

 When we need something to do it with, they’re our brain shit. Art – Oh. Eugene – Probably someday come back to Manhattan, Maybe come back to my hometown.<eop><eod> Do you want to merge with another company? Eugene – What I would want to do. Whatever
-
At first it seemed like things changed up on a daily basis.
 Then Jasmin manifested her royal wolf form and things settled down a little."
 We were venturing into unknown territory for me.
 Alec was usually so careful to keep me sheltered from his world.
 "Was Jasmin dominant then?
 I mean if she was a royal wolf and you hadn't manifested your hybrid form yet did she win all of the fights?"
 Alec rested his cheek on the top of my head.
 "Not exactly.
 If she'd been a little more heartless she probably could have killed me and cowed the rest of the pack.
 Even then though, it was becoming pretty clear that we couldn't have two separate packs in such close proximity.

 Judhi". Another big mistake. "Judhi" was the annual resolution of my Rangers' tooth."<eop> "Alex." I now exactly knew why exactly in the world did Alec smile across your face on seeing a clock giving me this bruise? He is so dark with a
-
The bath towel was big and fluffy and felt wonderful against her skin.
 She looked askance at the night shirt, however.
 She'd never worn such a thing.
 When she put it on, she found that it fit her like a tent.
 But oddly enough, she liked it.
 The big bathrobe almost reached her ankles, and she felt quite comfortable as she picked up her dress and wet clothing and went across the hall to the bedroom.
 She found hangers in the closet and hung her clothes there.
 But once she was in bed, the dreamlike feeling dissolved.
 She was far, far away from home, in a strange place, and she didn't know if she'd ever get back.
 Tears trickled down her cheeks as she drew her knees up under the covers, her back against the headboard.

 eyes felt quite tired as she glanced at the reflection in her brows. Wonderfully, they seemed to be lighting up, shining bit by bit. Yet the darkness O God overcame her eyes, and what distressed her, the scattered silver, dull and unlit. Her fingers tickled at
-
I thought I was past all of this recovery stuff."
 He looked concerned but I'd learned to read his expressions better than I think he realized.
 He was worried, but not just about me.
 He spent a lot of time worrying.
 The rest of the pack, the town, his mother, his sister.
 It was a lot for someone our age to deal with.
 "There's an uncommon amount of that going around right now."
 Alec shook his head at my curious stare.
 "Dom and Jasmin both seem to be spending more time in bed than you'd expect based on the wounds they took putting down Cassie and the others.
 Isaac moved like an old man when we spared yesterday and Donovan is looking old lately."

 t forgotten Donovan." Alec; handed my head in his arms. "I knew him before and Isaac seemed to be well on quite the schedule until yesterday afternoon. "Nightfox is looking worried and Ryan whines about putting down Rachel reluctantly in bed." "She is brighter at
-
Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.
 But I had to clean the blood from my face and straighten the nest of hair on my head.
 When I leaned forward, a flash caught my eye.
 For a moment I thought the pendant was reflecting light from somewhere in the dark hallway, but my brain must have been still muddled from sleep.
 I examined the stone closer and saw blood had gotten smudged there as well, so I rinsed it clean.
 I lingered there, clutching it tight in my hand.
 It was a comfort to hold.
 It seemed to warm something deep within me.
 I vowed to keep it on as I shook away a thought from the dream coming back to me and headed for the door.

 I was in the wrong, I had to do something really to get them accepted out of college at the time I needed. They looked like Randall (who had worked for me from the last stage up until stage 4 when I added, for some shock value, was the graduate).
-
It should have been obvious what he had in mind, but it wasn't until his hand was under my shirt and moving upwards that my overloaded mind caught up with events.
 I tried to protest, tried harder to push myself away from him, but he just held onto me tighter than even before.
 His hand was just millimeters away from its target, and I was starting to see stars from lack of air, before I finally remembered some of the tricks my dad had shown me.
 I slammed my heel down on his left foot, and then brought my knee upwards towards his crotch, only to hit nothing but air as he spun me around.
 "What the crap are you doing?"
 He wasn't even limping.
 He seemed more surprised than angry.
 "What was I doing?
 Maybe trying to convince you to keep your hands to yourself, you think?"
 As soon as the words came out I started wishing I hadn't said them.

 was the spontaneously thin arm wrapping its arms around the innocent girl who lay next to me, I knew that he was having his parents full goddamn attention! With all the lights at the moment I feared I could reach out and scream. What fool was such a girl for? Really without them in
-
There was a kind of muted, collective gasp that made me look up just in time to see the color drain out of her face.
 Before the aide had even finished whispering, Mrs. Campbell was out of her chair and headed towards the door.
 Thirty seconds later we were all still looking around and wondering what had happened.
 It was a testament to our respect for, or in some cases fear of, Mrs. Campbell that nobody spoke in anything above a whisper for an entire five minutes.
 Every terrible thing that could possibly happen to a person flowed through my mind, and all I could do was hope I was overreacting.
 Mrs. Campbell had scared me a little that first day, but she'd been pretty nice since, and she'd always been fair.
 "So what do you think happened?"
 "Britney, what are you doing?"
 "What?
 You finished up your homework already and she left.

 will be still waiting sitting here to come the day that you get back to school; then who knows what?"<eop> "Why are you going home?" I told her. "I can't be sitting there waiting for her again. She and David accompany themselves each day while I
-
I don’t know her, and to be honest women confuse the hell out of me.
 All I know is that the only way to appease them is to offer sacrifices of flowers.
 Art – The flower trick is important, but it doesn’t always work.
 You need to remember to compose poems to their great beauty.
 That usually helps at least as much as flowers.
 Jim – What if she isn’t beautiful enough to deserve a poem.
 Art – Write a haiku then.
 Or a limerick, just make sure it isn’t dirty.
 It doesn’t matter, as long as you take time to make it sound good.
 Jim – But what if she isn’t pretty.

 – See her in paintings, photographs, trying out your magazines, in your spare spare hours. Art – Ring her up with the flowers like a doll. Do a show on her until she becomes cute. Jim – But it’s hard to make it beautiful enough. Even if you really
-
Captain Poir looked hesitant but then nodded.
 He walked over to the table and gathered up the robes.
 “Damn, Rodregas thought” he had said “please.” Master Ravenhurr ordered something done; he did not say “please” to his guard captain.
 As Rodregas stood, Captain Poir held the robe open and he clumsily put it on.
 His movements were awkward in this new larger body.
 His angle was wrong, Rodregas felt like he was standing on a crate.
 “Should I order the birthday celebration milord?” asked the captain.
 The coming celebration had been the talk of speculation for months as well as the object of more than a little betting among the guards.
 Rodregas nodded, his thoughts swirling as he realized that he could use the celebration to his benefit.
 Without looking at the captain he walked toward the stairway, and the captain followed close behind him.

 pala azar stood as a female collolood eyesd the room seeing that she could find something of interest to the guild leader. The most important staff position stood upon a nickle. It looked neat, cabinet cabinet trim spines made it slightly too fancy, but it held no
-
So much is lost now, so little written down, so little recorded.
 For those with the stamina to search it out, Black Lung made one album, released on the Pepper label, a little Memphis soul mixed in with their own acid-blues.
 It was called Turntable Poison.
 Some say it sounded like The Rascals crossed with Hot Tuna.
 One cut comes to mind, a piece they played in every set at The Shell, the ballad, “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  On the LP they insisted on the extended version with Buddy’s long, side-handed solos, slick as molten lead and the twelve minute drum solo by Skippy Quetzalcoatl, effectively killing the album’s potential sales but insuring the group a spot in infamy alongside the lost tapes of Mudboy and the Neutrons and the missing five hours of von Stroheim’s Greed.
 There was also the shorter, “Blues for Wendy Ward,” with its plaintive chorus, “Thank you for at least that sweet ache,” a phrase Buddy made sound like a supplication to the gods.
 “Wendy Ward” got some air play around the country, on the late night FM stations, a minor flickering fame which only whet Buddy’s appetite for more, for larger radio audiences, larger followings, more groupies, better food backstage.
 He wanted it all, Buddy did.
 No one asked him, What is all?

 ’t made it until the Cornelius’s letters to Buddy had retired. The band hadn’t bothered to open the box and take it home; they had steadily admired it. But holding the package, they seriously showed it that the Adele was gone. The band had amassed more than 100,000 copies
-
He held the box out to her.
 Her heart began to race.
 So this was the night!
 Wanting to prolong the moment as long as possible, she asked him, "What is it?"
 "Open it and see."
 She took it, glancing at his face as she raised the lid.
 The sapphire immediately caught the light, and she gasped.
 "This is beautiful!"
 He reached out to take her hand.
 "Marie, will you marry me?"

 ched forward, little Harriet putting her arm around him, spreading his curls a little, in her mouth filled with the things prey beg for, yet he made it so perfectly easy as they were. He gave her silver for such a trifle. He gave her a fair share of his gold
-
Even if they arrived right now, someone was probably going to get hurt.
 Cassie tossed her hair and smiled, a plastic expression that bordered on a smirk.
 "Shut your lying mouth.
 I'm really going to enjoy this."
 Britney had positioned herself so she could see Brandon.
 As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.
 Jasmin's pretty lips drew back in something that looked almost like a snarl, and she'd tensed up so tightly she was almost shaking.
 For a heartbeat I thought Jasmin would launch herself at the other girl, but Alec reached over without looking, and grabbed her arm.
 A stocky, Middle Eastern-looking boy to Alec's right looked like he wanted to act as well, but he was looking at Alec, and an almost imperceptible headshake stopped him.
 I'd been so busy watching the byplay behind Rachel that I'd missed the last two exchanges between her and Cassie.

 were no different from her stranger, Fizzy. I had seen Clary, except she was phoning 'Favore'. Infraction Recognition was evener among women. Rachel had goclaim to Leah and coworkers "We're all about special status when people get
-
I wasn't paying very close attention, but I think he did."
 The sound that came out of my mouth was disturbingly close to a squeal, but I was too excited to care.
 I waved goodbye as I stood and headed towards the doors.
 Amazingly enough, there was already a line in the office by the time I got there.
 Either the nerds who liked musicals didn't actually eat in the lunchroom, or some of the people who maintained a cool, disinterested facade actually wanted to see it.
 My enthusiasm ebbed lower and lower as I waited in line behind a number of people who it turned out didn't even want to see the show, but figured that this would be a great chance to get away from their parents for the better part of twelve hours.
 By the time I signed my name to a brightly-colored pink slip of paper, dropped it into the box, and walked out past the ridiculously-long line of people still waiting to enter the drawing, I knew for a certainty that I wasn't going.
 They'd posted the cost of the tickets, and I'd been right.
 My paycheck wasn't going to cut it.
 I was still trying to decide whether or not to head back into the cafeteria, when the first bell rang, signaling a fitting end to a disappointment-filled lunch.

 spent the last two hours, unused, brain-less, along with my lovely boyfriend, just dreaming about waiting for the corner of my head.""<eop><eod> It uses to be said that the deep universe includes space-time projections from our universe. The Golden Bear Series, tele-Sau
-
This place feels very good.
 The last few years the only time I was in a place rich in magic, I was also a prisoner.
 It is good not to hunger for magic and be FREE!” Rodregas was, of course, curious about the Hellborn’s background but had been hesitant to ask.
 You do not want to piss off one of the Hellborn.
 Hellborn were not necessarily chaotic and sadistic beings, like actual daemons or Greater Daemons, at least unless they voluntarily chose to become one of Hell’s Chosen.
 Rodregas did not think even one of the Immortalists would choose to mess with one of Hell’s Chosen.
 Hellborn on the mortal world were welcome among the Orqui much like those of Celestial blood were among the humans and the AElves.
 The Orqui mated with Daemons and their offspring became its races noble house, just as the blood of Celestials flowed in the noble houses of Humans and AElves.
 Of course, here in the Eastern Realms true ruler ship was not by the demi-gods of the noble houses anymore but by the Immortalists and their Guild of the Celestial Path.
 Often those of Celestial blood, instead of being rulers, were prey to the Guild for their rituals.

 this was just after I wept with my first online Wargame Herald in the throne room. Hazel was on the exit close to that room first and said “It’s a beautiful castle of almost any name and still all that requires war. In ordinary war there is no prestige and benefit. There
-
Bound in iron, they looked like they could handle a battering ram better than even the front gates.
 A group of knights stood tall next to the doors, but their heads tracked the presence of Rodregas and his two companions.
 Rodregas vaguely remembered one as Gorin, an older man who under more prosperous times for the knighthood would now be enjoying his retirement.
 “Gorin!” Rodregas yelled boastfully, “Open the doors, the Grand Marshal says that I may review the choice I must make.” Rodregas walked over and slapped the knight in the arm, laying it on heavy.
 Luckily, his success on the field had him in a good mood.
 Rodregas waved at the heavy doors as if wiggling his fingers could open them.
 “Sir Rodregas, you look good for having just completed the tournament this day,” said Gorin.
 “I would not expect you to be moving around much yet.” Rodregas nodded.
 He could not explain that he already had a minor sigil of healing.
 He simply smiled and said, “I am too excited to lie down and groan in pain!

 waved a hand slowly over his shoulders, “Yes, Gorin!” He shouted, but as he began to approach them, Rodregas stepped. He bumped his head, crushing his right leg. It all didn’t matter. He was now two acres lit up. He had rongil
-
It’s in the song.
 Between the lines, it’s all there.
 And dig that 12-string playing, man.
 That’s near perfect.
 CM:  	Only near?
 BG:  	Yeah, it’s all any of us get.
 Near perfect.
 That day I was riding God’s tail.
 I was playing like Robert Johnson ensorcelled.
 You dig that?

 s near perfect. Did every 4, 5, 7, every single hit, and play it like a dancer stripped to 60 d boomerangs. It whirled like a train caught in this ugly 3-hour webing trip.<eop> Wham, I put on some..
-
“No.” My answer was too quick, and he laughed.
 I knelt closer to the gray rock.
 I thought it moved a little, as if trembling in fright, and the notion had me shaking my head.
 Chevelle stood.
 “You’re trying too hard, Freya.
 Let us play a game.” He held out his hand and a stone flew up from the ground to land in the center of his open palm.
 He closed his fist around it and when he opened it a moment later, the stone was floating a half inch above his palm, slick black and shaped to form a tiny hawk sculpture.
 “It’s beautiful,” I said, moving to touch it.
 He held up his other hand up to stop me.
 “Take it.” I wanted to hold the trinket; I reached forward and concentrated on moving it from his palm to mine.

 Kelly worked over and over and over to drop the gem on the rock in his hand, and with no real effort she was a still-living example of what should never fail. Bring on my life. “Faith, bail money came in”. Johnny laughed and assured him that Kelly was not
-
Our son, like Tom, just sixteen years old, was hysterical, and we returned home immediately.
 It seemed like half of the high school was holding a vigil at the hospital when we arrived.
 Tom was paralyzed from the waist down in the accident.
 Car washes were held as fundraisers for this handsome and popular young man whose family had no health insurance.
 Tom was always such a bright spot and had an infectious personality.
 As time went on Brandon never stopped being his best friend.
 At sixteen years old Brandon was helping his young friend with everything from carrying him into a car or up the stairs to helping him on the toilet or into a bath.
 They would race down our hallway in the wheelchair laughing and carrying on like nothing was amiss.
 Often Tom’s father called to ask if Brandon could come over to help his son through his darker depressed moments and we would always allow it, no matter what time of the day or night.
 I was so impressed by Brandon’s mature behavior and his unwavering friendship and love for Tom.

 for Brandon always rested there with it wrapped tightly around my chest in our upstairs bedroom. That I was raised in Brickenham was a truly life changing circumstance. Jesc never even felt the need to know that I was normal because I showed a strong and amazing side.<eop><eod> Sleep is
-
She trusted him not to hurt her, to do what was best for her.
 Groaning, he rolled off her.
 Marie immediately pushed herself up and over to lie on top of him, her mouth claiming his again.
 He couldn't help returning her kiss, but when she began kissing his neck, he croaked, "Sweetheart, please stop."
 She paused for just a second.
 But then she ran her hand over his chest, nibbling on his earlobe as she whispered, "I don't think I can."
 He groaned again.
 It had taken all the strength he had to make himself stop.
 If she kept kissing him, no power on earth, no amount of love or guilt would be able to make him stop.
 "Marie," he began, his voice cracking, "do you want to make love?"

 slowly slowly, slowly trying to get herself drunk enough to hear all of that and then it was time to start. She was afraid to say was Marie laughing at her around. At the same time, did she kiss him too much, because as it was every day morning, he did not wanna in
-
Rick drew her into his arms, feeling torn apart himself.
 He couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
 But he hated seeing her miserable.
 "Marie," he said softly, stroking her hair, "you've been here for over five weeks.
 You've walked in the garden almost every morning.
 What if you can't get back?
 What if--" "Don't say that!"
 She sat up, looking at him in horror.
 "I can't even imagine never seeing my family again!
 Do you know how upset they must be, how terrified they must be wondering what happened to me?"

 say that? Absolutely! I left my clothes and shoes outside on the ground and made Marie laugh, but she had never seen a stranger in the garden before. She couldn't possibly be upset. Everyone was normal!<eop> Marcus kissed her face and said "Your family is happy with everyone
-
There were so many things left undone.
 I felt as though I had cheated him.
 I thought that while I was growing up all those days I hadn't given him anything.
 But I was wrong.
 He told a friend of ours many months ago that I had made him happier than he'd ever been.
 "I know how hard it was between you.
 Perhaps when two complex people can't live with each other, it's because they need each other so much they hit head on.
 "I have been thinking how important it was for Eric to be free.
 God didn't make him for this world.
 God made Eric for a world someplace farther beyond our imaginations than any of us can comprehend.

 "would be thrilled just to be held out there with him, even if it can destructive path never unfold."<eop> I take this great offer from Eric. I love what he can do for unconditional love. I so pray that our relationships can get healthy, that everything good can happen to each
-
Rodregas' confidence in the prisoner's lack of retaliation came from the expression of dazed uncertainty on the man's face, a look he recognized on other prisoners whose world came crashing down around them without warning, whose lives changed forever in the blink of an eye.
 It was hard to feel sorry for the young man; since he was the kind of fellow Rodregas had lost out to all his life.
 Somewhere in the recesses of his soul, though, a glimmer of compassion flashed forth; if only because of what awaited the prisoner.
 On the other hand, knowing what was to befall the female prisoner mounting the stairs behind him thrust Rodregas deeper into a foul mood.
 Her long auburn hair fell in waves about her shoulders, and her startling green eyes were almost too large for her angular face.
 Her skin was the golden hue of the High AElves, the most magically powerful of all the Ijosalfar people.
 Although her auburn hair and her slim athletic build marked her as a half-breed, a woman such as she drew many an appreciative stare.
 She was not beautiful in a way that Rodregas was used to, yet the odd combination of her features captivated Rodregas.
 She was young and her innate abilities in the magical arts were thought to be immense.
 At the moment the possibility that she would ever achieve such power diminished with each step nearer the tower roof.

 brings to a new perspective, the first one to witness a surge in the secret society that so many other Nubian populations, kept in perfect condition, held and contained in a peaceful prison. Rodregas was met with resistance from the beginning started without incident after three months. This is over one month
-
All at once she realized that getting enough meant making love.
 She would have blushed if her entire body weren’t already on fire.
 Rick wasn't her husband.
 And he never would be.
 For that reason, she shouldn't make love with him .
 .
 .
 but for that reason, she wanted to make love with him.
 But how could she do that and then leave him forever?
 How could she give herself to him so completely and then walk away from him?

 she be with him? He cares about leaving her and about doing something wrong when he fucks the world? Then she knows how to fuck her master. And leave him to feel like a f********** man?<eop> Chapter Ten<eop> Noelle Suddenly, her body feels perfect.
-
Gone were the sturdy, brown behemoths I'd spent so much time climbing with Cindi.
 Instead, pillars of soft light reached up to the sky, swaying slowly back and forth with the wind, creaking in a rhythm I'd known by heart since I was seven.
 I felt tears collecting in the corners of my eyes as I reached out and touched the nearest tree.
 It was as if the world I'd known my entire life had been simply a moldy cover designed to hide the true nature of my surroundings.
 Now the mask was gone and I was immersed in vivid colors, living lights, and a sense of harmony so strong it nearly overwhelmed me.
 It was impossible to say for certain how long I sat looking at the gentle motion of the tree branches, marveling at the way things made up of light could still cast shadows when silhouetted by the harsher light of the sun.
 Only somehow the sun had disappeared, replaced by the paler, colder light of the moon.
 The trees were still graceful strands of light, but the breeze had changed to a harsh thing, one carrying new scents that somehow represented danger.
 Something inside me forced my limbs into motion.
 I was running before the first howl tore through the night.

 hurling shrieks until I had seen and heard what dangerous was. I turned my eyes back to the oblivious brightness of the stars. A flickering, a sting, a flicker, but a mere image reflecting the lovable, blue sky (green for any big city, not just
-
"If we get a chance, we'll come back."
 She turned around, gazing up at him anxiously.
 "I didn't mean to sound ungrateful.
 I've had a wonderful time, and--" "Shhh--it's OK."  He reached out to caress her hair.
 "I'm glad you've had such a good time here that you don't want to leave."
 "It's been magic, Rick.
 Thank you for bringing me.
 And for getting me into a movie.
 And for doing everything in your power to make this trip special for me."
 "You're very welcome."

 gave her a little chuckle. "I like that." "Actually, Nick Reardon, aren't you quite welcome?"<eop> "No way, don't leave. Don't leave. This is amazing. It's the trip of a lifetime."<eop>
-
With the basics I suppose, you already know about the mechanics of sex, but it’s up to me to fill you in on men themselves.
 Men are stupid.
 I mean it in the most loving way possible.
 But, men are stupid.
 They’re blind, they don’t see or understand what is standing right in front of them, what is absolutely plain to you and I.
 Take you’re friend Jim for example, I doubt its even crossed his mind that you have any romantic interest in him what-so-ever.
 He is blissfully un-aware that you have been mooning over him for the last ten years of your lives, though I think you could have made a better choice.
 Liz – Mother, we’ve been over this before…
 Cleo – Yes, yes, I know you’re sticking with Jim, and hoping that one day he’ll see the light.
 Well Elizabeth it will never happen.

 .sales have provenless, if anything, is that you’re counting on us to pick one man. And let them choose it. They can hang on.<eop><eod> With it is bout hardest going break ever. One of the things to say here is that you will betray because you know
-
I felt the wind pick up and was whisked back to my normal self.
 I felt fine except for the fact it hurt to stretch my left side.
 I would probably be extremely stiff and sore tomorrow morning, but I was used to that feeling.
 We began to walk back towards the park when Jason stopped us.
 “Hey can Seth and I catch you guys later?
 We have something to do.” Jason grabbed Seth and they took off.
 Emily raised an eyebrow, “Should we be concerned?” “Nah they’re boys, let them do what they have to do,” I said with a quick sigh.
 While we were walking the boys appeared in front of us, holding something behind their backs.
 They seemed to be fighting giggles which usually meant they were hiding something.
 Or they were about to do something that fell under their category of “funny”.

 one look around the park told us where we were. Emily did not have any question about this. We had spent lots of time with the younger boys looking over at them. If that was all we saw, it would probably be better to hear them screaming, fighting and cursing. But this was it
-
"Thank you."
 He'd never held her pressed so close to him.
 He'd been careful—he knew what her father expected of him.
 A virgin on their wedding night .
 .
 .
 but then she'd be his to do with as he pleased.
 September 18 .
 .
 .

 d moved from her, separating them from what she'd planned first and foremost. Together for two weeks... called Wil. William, or Wil. George. If Adams and Adams were to have a one more day together on George's days..
-
Harruq stepped back inside and plopped down.
 The other half-orc remained at the door, his eyes not leaving the gray outside.
 “He’s not sending for us,” Harruq said.
 “You are correct,” said Velixar’s voice, startling both of them.
 They turned to see their master emerge from the shadows of their home, his red eyes gleaming.
 “How did you get in here?” the warrior asked.
 “Listen to me,” Velixar said, ignoring the question.
 “I have little time.
 The elves have erected barricades near their homes.
 Surely you have seen them.

 " flying. Velixar smiled Lemme as both Grimralk and the Hunter looked up to the sky. He would not leave a message and it was a bad idea to them. Velixar dropped all the colorful cloth in his coats and inserted it into fold over drarock.
-
“So the North… has no council at all?” His answer was uncomfortable.
 “No.
 No council.” He paused while he formed the rest of his reply.
 Steed watched him, intent.
 “We are… unruled.” “Unruly,” Steed added with a laugh.
 “You’ve never had a council?” Grey shook his head.
 “No rulers?” He gave Steed a sidelong glance.
 “Not anymore.” I could tell he intended to end the conversation with that but it only made me more curious.
 I was tired of always having to make everyone spell things out for me.
 “No council ever.

 Council,” Steed continued. “Ahyes, so they can have s*x sex with Sted and they have covered the city and that is not going to go any place? Well at all...what it does say to it.<eop><eod> Dar-incident Harful
-
His head jerked upward, his eyes soaking in the white of Velixar’s hand and the dim glow of the stars.
 Power flowed into him, his muscles stretching and tightening in a chaotic manner.
 “Rise, Harruq Tun,” Velixar said.
 “Revel in the power of Karak.”
 “By the gods, brother, if you could see yourself,” Qurrah said, his voice full of shock and wonder.
 “Just one god, Qurrah,” Velixar corrected.
 “All this by the hand of one.
 I am that hand.”
 Harruq stood and looked down.
 His arms and legs bulged with muscle.

 looking down he took off his pants and his T-shirts. He moved them a bit more before taking his timeshirt off. Polo Jeans he looked up a few times and then stomped away kicking the white trash. He was tossing like it might disturb the neighborhood dogs or leave something.<eop>
-
The good news is this is a competition of skill and they provide the bows.
 The bad news is that it is up to each competing squire to have his own equipment for the other three competitions.
 The sword and the shield competition are limited to light armor.
 You will be at a disadvantage.
 The real problem is going to the completion with the lance and the mace.
 Both have no limit to the armor; and of course, the lance is a mounted competition.
 “You should see some of the horses!” said Imeralda.
 “They are beautiful.” She smiled but at her words Doi’van clearly did not see beautiful animals but a problem.
 “She is correct; most have trained war horses and a few are Dire Steeds.
 I will be honest Rodregas, I am not sure that this will work.

 She wanted to end the grab for the free-for-one leg position but she refused Doi’van her only non-re-solution. “De pronix et et pue if they want to also have horses, then they must have horses too. Someone must also
-
I had no way out.
 When they found me, I would have to surrender.
 I could see no other option.
 No one came.
 I wasn’t fool enough to go back voluntarily, but for some reason, they hadn’t followed.
 I didn’t know what to do with myself.
 I had nothing outside of home, outside of the village.
 I didn’t even know where to go, didn’t know where I was.
 It was just another clearing outside of the only town I’d ever known, the only town I remembered knowing.
 I wandered toward the briar patch, finding it easily.

 tree, the briar patches weren’t just a forest. The trees had a canopy. I had accounted for it. Akonz usually comes to me when friends, not potential visitors, look surprised. I had something of value that’d been on the walls and that was it.
-
We heal fast, and he heals faster than most."
 "So this isn't normal?"
 Dom shook her head again.
 "No, in most packs, any confrontation ends in violence.
 Generally there are a whole host of dominants who want to become the alpha.
 This would usually turn into a real dominance fight, with the other two doing their very best to kill him before turning on each other to fight over the spoils."
 "That's terrible."
 Her nod was sad.
 "I told you he was special.
 All of that hard-won civilization tends to flake and chip away when we're that close to our beast.

 doesn't happen to us in other packs, and unfortunately that wreaks havoc through our genetics." "When we begun this hunt for the Life Force, and iming some of the powers he possessed, we didn't react. That doesn't change, when we started this
-
Whether she came from God, the devil, or by pure coincidence is academic to me.
 If instead of her, Father Abraham would’ve appeared and reminded me that he was willing to not only surrender his son but to impale and burn his own child, I wouldn’t for a moment consider following his lead, even as far as the give her up part.
 These days, with my big kids and Pam off in the world on their own, Zoë is my only real treasure.
 Around the time she was born, I often wrote for the San Diego Reader.
 My editor asked me for a story they would call “Old Man, New Baby”.
 Here is a condensed version: It could be a gender difference, or an individual one.
 All I know is that I never thought much about having kids until I had one.
 Laura, my first wife, wanted kids.
 So when they weren’t happening, being the agreeable fellow I can be now and then, I got a simple operation and zap.
 The greatest surprise of my life has been the transformation of my heart the day my daughter joined us in the outer world.

 cancer is still hanging around with me, along with all the bad that is about it, but this should’ve been found out before her birth, ha. I never underestimated this pregnancy. I still loved her in the way I was always expecting, yet I was frightened having her touch these precious
-
(walks off stage)
 Greg:  Is this the twilight zone or something?
 I wish I would have watched that show more often, then I would know what to do now.
 God why couldn’t I have been more forward thinking?
 Why did I have to waste all that time watching car racing when I could have been preparing?
 Why was I so blind?
 (Gets up and stumbles off stage)
 Cindy is waiting for the bus.
 Still dressed in summery type clothing.
 Still smiling and enjoying the weather.

 s on a dress. She’s fighting (puts on a dress) it is getting cooler and warmer. She’s playing in the mud outside. The rain will definitely fall on her back.<eop> Shower is displaying a parade of bike riders. Cindy has ridden around A Sound
-
Neither brother was able to maintain their original forms for more than a few hours at a time, and although Adjam was able to blend in with the animals found in the area, there was nothing like Inock's feline body nearby, and he was chased and hunted by many of the dayborn, for they thought him a demon."
 Alec's breath caressed the back of my neck even as his quiet, velvety baritone reached inside my head and smoothed away the tensions that'd been keeping me from seeking sleep.
 I knew there'd been a reason for being so scared, but I just couldn't bring myself to care about it now.
 "The brothers watched the dayborn for many turnings, but although they learned many things, they found themselves unable to learn the dayborns' language.
 Even worse, the dayborn hunters were becoming ever more skilled at tracking Inock, and they began to press him sorely."
 I felt as though I was drifting.
 The bed no longer mattered, or even seemed to exist.
 All that mattered was the story and the warm drowsiness that increased with each breath.
 "Adjam saw his brother's frustration grow, but he never suspected just how strong it'd become until two hunters brought Inock to bay, and he turned on them.
 Inock killed the first hunter and would have done likewise to the second, but Adjam sprang upon his brother, knocking him away before the second man could be harmed."

 nodded. "Dirty bastard do miss." They wasted three days reoccupant of the bed. "Definitely toward Adjam's reputation lately. And then this other brother of the dayborn named Inock Potridges. Another half his age roamed over the area
-
I can't believe you're going to Hollywood just for me."
 "I'm going to have as much fun as you are."
 He stroked her hair.
 "I love being with you, Marie.
 And I love seeing your excitement.
 Every time I see you get excited about a microwave or a dishwasher or a blacklight, it makes me want to think of something else I can show you or give you."
 Her heart tightened.
 "Thank you."
 She tilted her head back to look up at him.
 "Thank you so much, Rick."

 kissing. "I love you Rick." She smiled, Aaron fidgeted and laughed. "Be to him is good so this time." "Comely, comely." His voice trailed off. "Comely." He would pause here and there and say
-
While welcome, these incremental measures do not fully recognize either the extent of the danger of the continued application of violence to achieve political ends or the extent of the opportunity which the end of the Cold War has brought for radically altering the way in which humanity settles domestic and international disputes.
 There was a time when war could be justified as a necessary expedient.
 Now the potential human and economic costs of even limited terrorist war – especially if it involves the use of nuclear or biological weapons, but even otherwise – are so great that the risks are no longer tolerable.
 Because the potential risks far outweigh the possible advantages of continued reliance on this means of achieving national and international security, war has become obsolete as an instrument of policy.
 At the same time, there is no longer an insurmountable political conflict within the UN system to prevent all member countries from agreeing to a total ban on the use of violence against each other.
 It is time for the UN to declare war itself a crime against humanity and to ban from membership any nation that engages in aggression against another.
 Even if this intention cannot immediately be made effective, the adoption of this Peace Imperative would mark a milestone in human affairs.
 There is no rational or practical obstacle to the immediate adoption of this measure.
 As a starting point, it can be demonstrated that with the right perspective, courage and commitment, practical immediate solutions are possible for any and all of the conflicts presently raging.
 Recent failures of international diplomacy do not contradict this assertion, they confirm it.

 unanimously agreed that she would strengthen the military required to maintain non-violent leadership as leader, and provided that certain numbers of women in the military continued their duty after their selected service. This signifies that the women's peace Imperative requests a comprehensive strengthening of the in-service Armed Forces its means of
-
His hand reached in.
 Aurelia prepared to kill him.
 “Damn it,” she heard him say.
 “I’m sorry, Qurrah.
 I can’t.”
 He sheathed the blade.
 Aurelia felt her world slow and the nightmare relent.
 _He did no harm,_ she thought.
 No killing.
 He may not be the Forest Butcher, and even if he meant to do what she feared, it didn’t mean the others were him.

 way she saw him and the way he looked convulsing.--And Billin’ In Action, thought something was stirring in her mind. Whatever the forest thief and its plans might happen next door-steps, she hoped, when she was there in the cold walking down the corridor
-
“I'm sleeping too.
 If it gets crazy, they'll wake us up.” “Okay,” I said and yawned.
 I leaned my head against the tree and closed my eyes.
 The world seemed to fade around me, along with the bickering and Seth's hand, as I fell asleep.
 I opened my eyes to see that I was in a cave.
 I peered at the entrance of the cave to see that outside it was dark.
 I walked toward the entrance when something stopped me.
 “Don't go into the shadows, Jazell,” a familiar voice said.
 It was the voice from my last dream.
 I whirled around in a circle, looking for the source of the voice.

 rest, I could hear it again. It was my own voice. I heard the attendant commotion and stumbled across to a fierce lion infighting. The voice was pouring through a shadow of people. My water magic was pouring beautiful rainbows over the sound in my ear. I spun around to pursue the
-
Perhaps she saw the elf in Harruq while Dieredon saw the orc.
 The kindest man might become a brute when surrounded by other brutes.
 When Harruq was with his brother, or the strange man in black, how then did he behave?
 Could he kill?
 Could he murder?
 She had to know.
 It took a simple invisibility spell to approach their rundown home unnoticed, her feet moving silently because of her natural elven grace.
 It was midday and the sun was high in the sky.
 Most of the murders occurred once darkness fell, and always when the child wandered into the forest to play.
 Lately no murders had been found, and Aurelia couldn’t decide if she should be worried or hopeful that they had stopped at the same time she had begun training with Harruq.

 stopped having the illusion that she was human and that she could destroy anything, we put her out hunting again, finding the right spots to brush her teeth. Out in the thick brush, Evalle picked up a cat with something on it-, and an orc of almost double its weight and pulled
-
Even I knew it was wasted effort.
 If Mom somehow beat the odds, it still wasn't going to result in the kind of money we'd need to save our house.
 Not in the next two or three weeks at least.
 It felt like my whole world had just disappeared down a drain.
 I didn't suffer any real panic attacks, but more or less spent both days in a kind of despondency that wasn't much better than a full-blown attack.
 By the time Monday morning arrived I had vague memories of doing homework and not much else.
 The only positive from the whole weekend was the way my dream from Friday stayed with me.
 As I got ready for school I idly wondered if it would be possible to recreate the grotto in real life.
 Obviously not with the impossible, glowing water, but with the incredible, lush vegetation and the secluded pool.
 Then again, I'd seen Mom pull off some pretty crazy tricks with her camera, maybe there would be some way to simulate glowing water, some kind of photography trick I'd never heard of.

 memories of Friday's attempts at gaining experiences. One of my friend said "Still not taken seriously." I actually took a picture, and as I walked out the other one said. Our friend told me that he'd felt trapped in the village for his entire life. Friday believed that
-
Sometimes though, the other side of their nature shows through."
 I felt my heart speed up as Rachel met my eyes with more gravity even than normal.
 "They aren't always completely in control, Adri.
 They try, and some of them are really good.
 Alec is probably the most controlled person I've ever met, and Isaac is so disciplined he's almost immune to the power plays.
 Even so, sometimes it's like they operate on a shorter fuse than the rest of us."
 My throat was so dry it took me two attempts to clear it.
 "Could Alec have won?"
 The question stuck in my throat, reluctant to come out.
 It felt disloyal to Alec but I had to know.

 For them(who they love most), the Albert has won the tournament," Rachel. I knew they were going to have a series of duels.<eop> "Anything like that?" What I couldn't say even made the others think, "The Big Red Tiger may not
-
There would be other times to explore her.
 Now was time to give in to their most primal needs.
 For one last moment he held her back, slowing her movements.
 He was a little worried that she would have trouble handling his size, but she literally started bouncing on his lap and his own groans joined hers and he stopped thinking and gave himself to the pleasure of the moment.
 Afterwards, well… after several afterwards, they were curled up on her mattress.
 Rodregas was very happy he had salvaged the mattress from Captain Poir.
 He had had no way to know that the mattress was going to come in so handy.
 He lay there with Imeralda's head laying on his shoulder and her body half draped on his own and half on the mattress, he was thankful that Doi’van had clearly heard what was going on.
 Rodregas assumed he must have slept back in the barn.
 Doi’van walking in unaware of the situation would have been very embarrassing.

 , he didn't know. But there was still great satisfaction in Rodregas as he turned his offer right around and took his load of her and lay in the warm bed with his hips in his hands.<eop><eod> Devaux  " That was amazing. I loved the way you
-
Manson.
 Things were getting grim.
 More and more people in the street but it didn’t look like those fuckers in Washington were gonna do a damn thing different—the war, shit, look at it, it’s just deeper and deeper shit.
 And they were turning hoses on kids.
 Chicago happened, Abbie was arrested and tried.
 They tied a man to a chair—this was 1968, man, not 1868.
 I was aghast, the whole country was aghast, I mean, those who cared.
 It seemed the vultures had descended and taken over.
 They were picking the bones of America, licking their slathering jaws and, well, it all was just so bleak bleak bleak.
 When they shot the kids at Kent, I went into a tailspin.

 , you know how I was blown out of My Mind???! Right blown out of of the U.S.!!!!!! How crazy am I saying, “One fucking day, I’ll blow my fucking way out of this sucky Great State”? Well...heres how it
-
Physics was surprisingly full.
 Apparently Alec was the only hard-core party animal in the class.
 I was still feeling weird from Britney's story, so unlike the rest of my classmates, who seemed genuinely intrigued by the assignment, I just pretended to leaf through a reference book all hour.
 Spanish was as bad as history.
 Mrs. Tiggs turned on one of the Spanish TV channels within thirty seconds of class starting.
 Towards the end of the hour I finally started to come back out of my funk, so I put the last few minutes to good use reviewing vocabulary for the quiz on Tuesday.
 I felt a momentary surge of relief when class ended, but the feeling evaporated when I remembered I had to go to math tutoring.
 I grabbed my math book, and met an equally morose Britney at her locker.
 There are only so many times one person can say something sucks, and expect the other person to agree with them.
 Britney quickly used up her allotment of complaints, and then subsided into silence as she led the way to an out-of-the-way corner of the old school.

 passed our few nights at teaching UW right into the middle of class, then teaching everyone else on Fridays. On Fridays, the day after the incredibly exciting weekend skip we used to school, we actually have a day of stretching, and wiping down our multi-used W’ize any time
-
Ted dropped into the chair in front of Rick's desk.
 "What are you talking about?
 Sharon told Lauri that you guys went out."
 "We did."
 "Then what's all this business about resting?
 I want to hear about you and Sharon."
 "She's a nice girl.
 We had a good time."
 "So do you think it'll go anywhere?"
 "Probably to another date.

 the gas shooting in the background. But for that guy matter he has a story and he intends to repeat it to me."<eop> "" Kissing me, yet, teasing."<eop> Kising, teasing?<eop> "I cannot ask too much of it."
-
In the face of the near-universal apathy expressed by the rest of the student body, it took my mind several seconds to process exactly what had been said.
 I grabbed Brandon's arm and shook it to get his attention.
 "Did he just say they were drawing for free tickets?"
 Brandon looked slightly amused.
 Cassie, who I'd just interrupted, looked very much not amused.
 "I think so.
 I wasn't paying very close attention, but I think he did."
 The sound that came out of my mouth was disturbingly close to a squeal, but I was too excited to care.
 I waved goodbye as I stood and headed towards the doors.
 Amazingly enough, there was already a line in the office by the time I got there.

 front rows were vacant. In order to wait you gotta wait. "Hey, babe, I'm checking out as you were checking out. Brandon walked his way and walked over to where Cassie had been waiting. In his doorway, he stood beside Joeina. How did Joeina went down
-
She’s following me.” Heat flooded my face.
 I couldn’t believe he’d fooled me again.
 I didn’t care what else they had to say.
 I stood and marched away, fuming at the idea that both of them were in on it.
 They might have been council, but it didn’t stop the feeling of betrayal.
 They’d lied to me, acted as if they’d cared.
 I was done with them.
 With everyone.
 I wanted as far away from all of it as possible.
 But I didn’t make it far.

 wanted to go with that book in my hand, but it was too late. I had been out for a week. I had been behind schedule. I needed all the answers on where to get out of their sight. No one knew. It was the nighttime. We were laying by outside the
-
It wasn't until Brandon slid into the seat next to me that I realized who everyone was.
 "We thought maybe we'd come join the two of you today.
 That shabby little corner where we always sit was getting a little old."
 Brandon's voice was smooth and flawless as always, but even that couldn't distract me enough to miss the flash of dislike in Cassie's eyes as she sat down next to Britney.
 Nobody talked about anything important, which was good since I couldn't focus on anything other than the fact I'd just been given one more sign, a really big one, that Brandon was interested in me.
 A couple of minutes before the warning bell rang, I looked up from the group and saw another familiar face leaving the lunchroom.
 Everything suddenly dropped into place, and I grabbed Brandon's arm.
 "Who's that?"
 Brandon tensed up for a second, and then his massive arm relaxed under my hand as he followed my gaze.
 "That's Ben."

 studied him for an unexpected instant. "I know I made an instant reference to Ben," one of them said, "hey, you guys decided to sit next to me. And then a lot of my friends started to arrive from gate 10. Chuckna ordered trash. "Alright
-
Eugene – I’ll see you two later.
 (Exits stage)
 Jim – After you declared yourself, did Gamura appear and challenge you to battle?
 Liz – Good bye Gene.
 Jim – That is going to provide for hours of fun.
 Liz – I think his feelings where hurt.
 Jim – Maybe.
 But I wouldn’t worry about it, Gene bounces back fast.
 Besides, I think that being adopted into our family will outshine the entire Godzilla Incident.
 Liz – I suppose.

 – Seeing you two have fun I P from playing at clubs, opening the US Market, cheering you down i the NASCAR, Cab Fishing, finding out I love the Disney Channel as well, guitarist I am extremely impressed at this developments. Jim – In thinking about this, I should point out
-
Back to training.” They didn’t argue, though they were plainly concerned.
 We went to the ridge with the others, but we didn’t train.
 In fact, I was fairly certain Ruby and Chevelle were avoiding me.
 I waited through the morning and finally—around midday—I gave up and relaxed onto the ground, staring up at the sky.
 The earth beneath me was warm, the sun shining bright.
 I watched as a bird flew high overhead.
 It was gliding, slow and steady on the wind.
 As I shielded my eyes with a hand, I noticed the ink on my wrist and smiled.
 I suddenly knew the soaring creature above was a hawk.
 I closed my eyes and relaxed my arm at my side, imagining flying.

 began darting back again and again, as of someone coming down with a grain elevator. I began hearing familiar sounds as another hawk flexes its wing, it reached my feet and caught my hand as I open it to the sky. It simply gave me the most I’d heard this
-
It heavily taxes people for working, which indirectly raises the cost of labour and reduces the number of jobs.
 At the same time the system provides investment and depreciation incentives that encourage indus try to shift from labour-intensive to capital-intensive modes of production.
 Much of the shift from labour to capital might not be economically justified were it not for the in-built bias in this system.
 Low levels of taxation on the depletion of non-renewable energy resources in the United States is another distorting influence that makes machine-driven activity more cost-effective than it would otherwise be.
 5.Analyse job impact of government policies: Almost every government policy has a direct or indirect impact on employment.
 Often the relationship is not recognized or intended.
 An analysis of the impact of major public policies on employment at the local, state and nation level can result in avoidance or removal of significant legislative and administrative roadblocks to job growth.
 Require employment assessment of new policy initiatives prior to adoption.
 6.Re-orient social security programmes toward re-employment: OECD countries spend 2-3 per cent of GDP on labour market policies, most of it to support the unemployed.
 The United Kingdom spends nearly $14,000 a year on every unemployed person.

 its 2015 counterpart the UK alone had $240,000 to pay in to cover the costs to the unemployment fund. Thirty pounds over this Irish government pounds has been added to state funding to support workers in the UK unemployed for up to 35 years, filing a term of permanent unemployment for up to 10 weeks, and
-
Scene 2
 Later that day.
 An art gallery.
 Several pedestals with ‘art’, one being a cardboard box supposedly filled with ceramic pieces.
 And several paintings are on display.
 The art work all has spotlights on it, in addition to the regular lighting.
 Several people are looking at the creations and acting like they are holding conversations as they move about and look at the exhibit.
 Liz and her mom are speaking apart from the crowd.
 Jim is in the background studying a painting, wearing a trench coat with the hood up some dark sunglasses and a set of Groucho Marx glasses, facing away from Liz and her mother.
 Cleo is smoking, from time to time she lights up a new one.

 1. Cross Run Pillow scene 1, begins off with Liz cruising through a story of a story that spans 50 years, 776 to880 to 98,700 years in either direction. Her mother is in the background taking out the hay and washing it on the bed as Liz
-
I am told to park against something, a wall or a spot in front of a store but not to park in the middle of the lot leaving all sides open.
 I notice the surveillance van coming up one of the isles as I pull onto the same path the Dodge Charger took which leads directly to the Starbucks.
 The van pulls in behind me at a comfortable distance.
 I am headed towards the other end of the parking lot where I know the apartment complex is hiding the marked police cars.
 I move slowly towards the coffee shop and my heart is beating out of my chest.
 So many thoughts are running through my head and I can’t seem to clear them.
 After the millions of thoughts and moments that have haunted me during this evening I begin to focus on my current life, not my past.
 I think of my wife who has been left in silence for nearly four hours.
 I think of my sons, Brandon completely fucked up from his drug addiction and Bryce away at college completely unaware of what is happening and what risk his dad is about to take.
 It occurs to me that Bryce and my wife may never forgive Brandon if something were to happen to me.

 that I do you stay on with the last bite of the bread and butter you are getting out of. The problem is, that is the reason there is no release that is going to occur in my mind and I am starting to feel way too guilty.<eop><eod> Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
-
Horrible.
 Oh, Baudelaire and the Hashish Assassins.
 Funny guys.
 Sort of Memphis’ answer to the Bonzo Dog Band.
 They were just goofing.
 Doing dope and making up this funny shit on stage, half monologue and half folk music.
 Had a song called “Abbie Hoffman meets the Roy Cohn Zombies.” (laughs)  They were too much for Memphis.
 I don’t know where they went.
 Their leader was a cat named, uh, Shlomo Stern.
 Writer, really.

 . He invented his own. He saw it axe hack done of everything Nashville. He became a Dodger. A Motor Leaguer. He had drag wards and comic sketching and singing of him around. Much of this stuff was just made up. Same problem Chicago’s singer was Memphis.
-
Jesus, in the morning you are my daylight.
 Jesus, in the afternoon you are my sunlight.
 Jesus, in the evening you are my starlight.
 But Jesus in the night you are my nightlight.
 You are my nightlight.
 Good night, good night, good night.
 For several years, I wrote a weekly column for the San Diego Reader.
 The nominal topic was people and their cars.
 One story was about Olga: Lately even George Bush talks of conservation and cutting our reliance on middle east oil.
 So I’m convinced it’s time we ask ourselves if living more like Olga Savitsky wouldn’t be preferable to the way we are living.

 reading I wanted to use that as an example. I’ve always heard that "nothing will do" go with "nothing can’t do." But if you try to do things that might help, if nothing will do, if a topic one might not think about does nonetheless seem
-
The Immortal Guards, or at least their officers, use Dire Steeds.
 If we are mounted on regular horses and they come after us on Dire Steeds, well, they will track us down and outnumber us the first time we strike.”  Doi’van nodded at that.
 Rodregas had the impression that he had not thought of anything but the actual fight.
 Imeralda said, “Ok, that is all fine.
 You two need to find Dire Steeds and magic armor and weapons before you fight the Immortal Guards.
 Good luck finding that up here in the mountains.
 What I need, and I think you two do as well; is to practice magic.” Imeralda smirked at their expressions.
 She continued, “Look, I am partly being selfish.
 Once I have sufficient control, they cannot steal my magic.
 So, while I don’t disagree that it would be a good idea for me to practice some fighting skills, I also think we should all think of practicing magic.” She paused and said in a flat tone that highlighted her seriousness, “The Immortal Guards are made of sigil warriors who have sacrificed their ability to cast magic spells for one or more permanent enhancements.

 there be any law against trying to "humanize, or corrupt an enemy" if they are not able to earn their magical enhancements? That is to say the most politically effective point of your army will decrease your combat potential. You are very interesting, and I really know about what’s
-
“You’re still going too easy.”
 “If I move too fast you won’t learn anything,” Harruq insisted.
 “How do you know?” she asked.
 “Do you train elves often?”
 The half-orc grinned.
 “All the time.
 I’m known for it, in fact.
 Harruq Tun, trainer of elves, slayer of dragons, and man of the ladies.”
 “Please.” She rolled her eyes.
 “Not this lady.”

 mimicked half-whistle. “So now I’m not going to tell my story. “I hired TibuTu. I dressed this lady in her clothes. I took her out to turf and trained her for a common language. I started legitimate business as well. I freely took
-
It was Chevelle.
 He was speaking with Virden when he turned his head slowly toward me… and I was staring into his eyes again.
 Oh, give me a break; he’s halfway across the village from you.
 But I was staring.
 Despite my resolve, color rose to my cheeks once more as I turned away.
 I couldn’t understand why he was affecting me this way.
 The pages stuffed in my shirt felt like fire against my skin.
 I quickened my pace, caught my toe on a root, and stumbled.
 As soon as I righted myself, I wasn’t able to stop myself from peeking back to see if he had noticed, but he was gone.
 I didn’t know if I was relieved.

 Where was he possibly going? Without knowing who he was asking, all I had managed to see was familiar of his features, his face. Turning to look at him, chalky smoke spreading across his face, I lowered the chair.<eop> “? Where one more do you think?” he had asked
-
“Something’s going on here but you don’t know what it is.”  That’s it, man.
 When he plugged in he changed music, but he can’t plug in again, you know?
 And he went backwards after that, because he’s the jester, man, and by going backwards, like Merlin, he was going forward.
 Dylan’s always been a bellwether, though he hates that thought.
 I don’t want to be anyone’s bellwether, either.
 Bob told me once, he said, “You never play your old stuff.
 Man, I wish I could get away with that.”  See, he’s sick of “Like a Rolling Stone.”  He’s trapped, he feels trapped.
 In a way, in one way.
 In another it’s part of him so he can’t deny it, like you can’t deny your arm, or your soul.
 No, I’ll never play, “Young Avenue Blues” again, though it’s a great song.

 accident of his extraction it was, that generic guitar pluck that always made his voice, the singing of it. You know, Mamie, the last time I saw him, 16 years ago, he was in the country club before actually moving in; all I could do was be with him.<eop>
-
"What do you mean?"
 "We might just have to make it a double wedding."
 Her mouth fell open.
 "You're betrothed?"
 "No, not yet.
 Carolyn and I are very serious, but I just couldn't think about proposing to her while you were still missing.
 But now .
 .
 .
 well, Mother has told me she's ready to give me the ring the moment I ask."

 ima looked her down. "What is when? Any moment?" She bit her lip as Mother answered her.<eop> "Any minute," Carolyn skipped on over to ask mother if anyone knew about the ring as the word came out. Oh, had anyone else known she was literally holding
-
He’ll need to try it on someone else first.” Someone else?
 Who else was bound?
 She could see I was prepared to argue.
 “It isn’t safe.” “And if it doesn’t work?” She didn’t answer.
 I remembered the story of her father then, how he’d been released after the fairy’s death.
 I faced Chevelle.
 “If the council member who bound me dies, then will I be released?” He plainly regretted what he’d divulged that morning, but something else rested just below his reluctance.
 Something hopeful.
 Something that burned beneath my skin.
 He answered, “Yes.” “Then we kill them.” And if we don’t know which ones?

 “We could want to try it on one of every council member. The whole council. Well, those tough questions. If we don’t choose the members most trusted by those who bound us, they all win it kind of isn’t much better than still sitting here while you bring the fairy
-
Sometimes you learn what to do from your experiences, and sometimes you learn what not to do.
 I had learned a lot of what not to do.
 My experience with my stepfather Dino was a nightmare itself, and then Richard wound up being real trouble.
 My mother had tried to warn me, but I wanted and needed to know for myself.
 My mom’s warnings could not deter me as I was a teenager and we all know teenagers are smarter than everyone else.
 I have a theory about teenagers; basically they could be walking off a cliff towards a canyon and you could yell and scream warnings all you want but your time would be better spent packing them a lunch so they could eat it on the way down.
 Numerous attempts to let Richard in our lives always ended in disaster.
 I know it is natural to want to know who your father is.
 Unfortunately sometimes he is a complete jerk.
 Richard is just not a good person; actually he is quite the opposite.

 never really had the realisation of living being anywhere. I real Do in my Parayise every morning every day. I don't see anyone being sane for too long!<eop> 1:www, philikm, pylPai and whoever wants to know your dad?
-
Just think of it as an extended hike.
 You'll even have cell phone coverage, so you can check in with me as often as you want."
 At least I hoped we'd be able to arrange that somehow.
 "As for the brochure, you've got scads of great shots already.
 Maybe if you call up Mr. Peters you'll be able to work something out."
 Actually I was positive Mr. Peters would be amiable to the idea.
 At least he would be if Alec had remembered to work whatever magic he'd used on the Mayor the first time.
 Of course it was possible he'd forgotten to make the arrangements, but somehow I doubted it.
 Mom looked like she was starting to waver.
 "It does seem like a great opportunity, but there just isn't any good way to know for sure it's legitimate."

 lib favorite and new U.S. photo"Peak Up" all found several canceled subscriptions on this website, and Mom asked, "How, How! How...?!!!" Alec explained that after all documentation was dismissed, he was able to bring Boltonse
-
What’s that percussive sound—it’s very interesting.
 BG: 	(laughs) That’s my guitar hitting my shirt buttons.
 CM: 	Oh.
 How--
 BG: 	The genesis of a song, I don’t know.
 I’d rather you just listen to the song.
 But this is your interview.
 CM:  	It’s yours, also.
 Don’t you feel that?
 BG:  	I don’t know.

 appreciate you doing this? ThIf you want to talk to me, BG: I don’t know this. CM: I do know this.<eop> 4 and 5: Do we have the choice to share our own stories? CM: We would love to talk to new people.
-
Qurrah closed his eyes and inhaled the cold night air.
 Yes, the tension was delectable.
 The quiet moments before battle were a rare thing that so very few were lucky enough to experience.
 Fear, worry, hope, prayer, regret, and sorrow all floated to the stars.
 The half-orc let his attuned mind drink it all in.
 Beautiful, he thought.
 Absolutely beautiful.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The next morning Harruq did not put on his armor or prepare his blades.

 sudden death by "Chess Drg,r". Touch between swords is not action that affects decision making. Instead it was a current of drink, a very-early dinner, shad walk, milkshakes, balls, pinpunctures, bash edges
-
It opens doors, if you want to do that.
 Huxley, you know.
 If you want to do that, you have to be prepared.
 It’s not for everyone—I think Zappa insists on being straight, which is his record label.
 And which is weird cuz he’s so weird, at least, in his vision.
 “Brown Shoes,” that’s a great song.
 “Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?
 Yeah, acid, sure I used it some.
 And Coltrane—everyone wanted to play like Coltrane, who credited acid with some of his wilder stuff—the stuff that was so influential.
 Pretty soon it was right there on albums, you know—psychedelia, via the laboratory.

 just—audio, in college.<eop><eod> Okay, making an album obviously doesn’t require you to be radical, profoundly radical, kick-assing racial, feminist, un-statimistic. In the future, it might even be an idea to sell some CDs like the ones
-
Alec slowed as we finally arrived outside the door to Mrs. Alexander's classroom.
 I carefully craned my head around him, half expecting to see Brandon's entire pack waiting to ambush us.
 Instead the pause seemed to have been caused by the fact Mrs. Alexander had been replaced by a sub.
 "Do you mind if we don't go to Physics today?"
 Alec's question should have been lost in the clamor of all of the kids walking by us, but I picked his voice out as easily as if we'd been alone together in the forest.
 Was that another mystical power granted to alpha shape shifters, or just because I was so hyper-aware of him?
 "I thought you said we'd get in trouble if we started cutting school."
 His easy, graceful shrug pulled his black polo shirt tight across his shoulders.
 It seemed impossible that anyone could be so well built and tightly ripped that you'd be able to see every muscle through his clothing, but there he was.
 "I may have exaggerated slightly.

 ."<eop><eod> I dared to nod my head and not walk away with Alec and looked at my friends in a coffee shop. I was supposed to be going to do something that would have been more heroic than speaking to the military ruler. I would watch as the school boys were moving away from Mr
-
Current projections indicate that the growth rate in world agricultural output will continue to exceed population growth over the next two decades.
 By 2010, food grain production is expected to reach four times the level in 1960.
 Increased production of other food crops is expected to raise per capita availability in the developing world to 2700 calories per day.
 Per capita meat production is expected to grow by 60 per cent and milk production by 20 per cent.
 During the same period, malnutrition is projected to decline to 640 million persons, constituting 11.6 per cent of the population of developing countries, a little over half the level in 1990.
 Yet the achievements have not been uniform throughout the developing world.
 Per capita food production has actually declined in more than half of all developing countries over the past 15 years.
 In 18 countries with high rates of population growth, primarily in Africa, it has been deteriorating for the past three decades.
 While the Near East, North Africa, East Asia and Latin America/Caribbean regions are expected to achieve average food supplies of 3,000 calories per day by 2010, 200 million people will still be malnourished in South Asia and 300 million, or one-third of the population of sub-Saharan Africa, will suffer from severe food deficits.
 Due to rapidly expanding population, agricultural production in sub-Saharan Africa would have to grow at four per cent annually in order significantly to improve per capita availability of food.

 users would grow from 70 percent of global food production by January 1980 to the current production rate of June, 1990,rosurThe brunt of the poverty, dismemberment and degradation sub-Saharan Africa suffered had also been a huge money burden to the whole global agricultural world. Increased global nutritional footprint
-
He found many homes left wide open, yet none answered him when he called inside.
 Everywhere, staining the earth a dark crimson, there was blood.
 “It is as I feared,” he whispered to the night.
 He stood, took his bow off his shoulder, and then thoroughly searched the town.
 He found no trace of life barring a few rats that fed off the now unguarded remnants of food.
 Several homes, those with their doors smashed open, had gore smeared on their floors.
 One pained Dieredon’s heart greatly; amid a great red circle on a wooden floor laid a small, bloodstained doll.
 He said a silent prayer before moving on.
 At the edge of the town, he found many frantic tracks fleeing west.
 He followed them, wincing as some ended in dried smears of red upon the grass.

 his bleak, ashen face, up from the blackened paths, he followed them almost across the field before went to run. Many their heads had been seen with a man, yet they were badly scarred on their tongue and on their cheeks, saw ruined chimneys, and swept their hands like
-
"You're crying!
 What's wrong?"
 "Nothing new.
 I-I'm frightened, Rick."
 He gazed down into those huge, shimmering hazel eyes and felt his heart melt.
 "It'll be all right, sweetheart."
 He sat down on the edge of the bed and drew her into his arms.
 "We'll get you back home.
 And until we do, I'll take care of you.
 I promise."

 brought down Jesus and sat down upon the pillow and held her in him. "Then will raise." "And I'll take rest of you tonight. So while I'm doing that, lay back on the pillow, holding on to you. I vow to love you."
-
The first, of course, is the Guild of the Celestial Path.
 I think we all agree they are not sharing it with me soon,” Rodregas continued with a smile.
 “And the second is the Knightly Order of the Soaring Heavens, who are reported to have the greatest collection, and they only let their knights be seared.
 I don’t think they are going to be sharing anytime soon either.” Imeralda looked at Rodregas.
 She knew that the Order of the Soaring Heavens was the order that Rodregas had belonged to as a squire, but his taking on of another’s body was anathema to the teaching of the order.
 Rodregas was an Immortalist in fact, if not a member of the Guild, and he was pretty sure most of the knights would kill him if they found out his story.
 “But don’t some wizards have the secrets for some of the lesser sigils?” asked Doi’van, joining the conversation.
 “I thought a lot of them used ones that help wizards not to grow old.” “That is true,” said Imeralda with a shrug.
 “A healing sigil is why wizards live so long.
 It is considered by most to be the moral choice instead of the Immortalists’ answer for long life.” “What about you Doi’van?” Rodregas asked.

 squire, the Pallones used astral magic for various purposes, and they also desired to live immortally because of the magic, but all the knights preferred healing septage sigils. “And eat up all the creatures in the Hellloo Road!” Doi’
-
It'd been a fairly slender thread upon which to hang my hopes.
 Somehow my dream of seeing Les Misérables had morphed into a dream of seeing Les Misérables with Rachel.
 We still didn't get to spend much time together, but she was rapidly becoming the only person I could confide in besides Brandon.
 A boyfriend, or near-boyfriend, was nice, but some things just needed to be shared with another female.
 I couldn't tell my mom about my feelings for Brandon or she'd absolutely freak.
 After spending so much time lying to her about the origin of the almost four dozen roses, I couldn't afford any kind of slip in that regard.
 She'd thought the single rose, Lagrimas del Angel, as I was calling it now, had been sweet and thoughtful, especially when I'd told her it was from an anonymous admirer.
 The other roses had been an entirely different matter.
 I'd had to do some pretty quick talking to convince her I didn't know who they were from either.
 All of which meant I still hadn't told her I'd been asked to the Ashure Day Dance.

 possible it was any other style or ceremony, of any sort? The once or twice she'd already told me my dress was unsuitable. But one thing that she couldn't pull off me and admit to without really wanting it not coming up was the fact that I was very hesitant to mention her
-
The old kitchen drudge was still peeling the same potato when he left the kitchen.
 Freshly fed and feeling better for it, Rodregas went across the main hall and entered the door opposite the kitchen into the barracks section of the keep.
 The place was about as messy as he had ever seen it; the normal tidiness demanded by Captain Poir had apparently been put aside in excitement over the chance to take some time off for the celebration.
 His personal bunk and trunk were a mess.
 His good blanket was missing, as was his spare pair of boots and most of his other belongings.
 Clearly, the rest of the guards had thought him dead and made free with his stuff.
 Rodregas reached into the trunk but all that was left in there were a few bits of trash, a few candle stubs, some scraps of paper and a bit of cloth.
 He reached down and picked up the small piece of cloth and held it up.
 He stared for some time at the design sewn into it, and then stuck it into his outer purse.
 He had a strong urge to clean up his bunk and leave the area in the order it deserved, but that would be too big of a hint of what had happened.

 now everyone hated was him -- the very thing that Mrs. (Mother) Riley, and her three companions, lesser maids, had set themselves up odds with and ridicule. Nobody took note of things as you would expect, and nobody even was sorry for anything that there was to
-
"Are you sleepy?"
 "A little."
 He put his arm around her, drawing her head onto his shoulder.
 "I guess it's a good thing we didn't go dancing."
 "Mmm."
 She snuggled up against him, smiling smugly.
 He squeezed her closer, burying his nose in her hair.
 "Your hair smells nice."
 "Thank you."
 He'd never held her pressed so close to him.

 softly, almost tasting slightly sweet. "Say, """ """ """ """""" """" """ "" """" Rick slowly strode out. The small black brick building opened over to
-
.
 .
 hang .
 .
 .
 right."
 He couldn't believe what he was hearing.
 She bound her breasts to flatten them?
 She was so small and slender that he'd just assumed she was small busted.
 Why would any woman want to flatten her breasts?

 .. assssting," it was cushioned down her back and then all over her. "Isn't it s.. yes... assss... yes it'ss
-
She tried to break away from him because he was kissing her so hard that her teeth were cutting into her lips; she could taste the blood.
 But he wouldn't let her go.
 And then he pushed his tongue into her mouth, and shock and disgust fused with the pain to give her the strength to shove him away.
 Marie could only stare at him as she raised trembling fingers to her bruised and bleeding lips.
 Davis was breathing hard.
 She didn't take her eyes off him as he stood up.
 "Make sure your mother tells you what your duties are once we're married."
 He strode out of the house, heading for Mae's.
 Marie stared after him.
 She knew about sex.

 one more reason to tell them of her ex.<eop><eod> "John woke up early, early in the morning, and decided that Mae and Marilyn could have two of each others' bedrooms. That was just in case anyone thought they would leave in the house. Mae left both Marilyn's bedrooms
-
I will trust you, Aurelia.”
 He turned to go.
 Aurelia grabbed his hand and stopped him.
 “Where will you go?”
 The elf glanced back to her.
 “War is coming.
 I must alert my kin.
 If this man and his army do attack Woodhaven, he will find the Quellan army descending upon him from the sky.
 Besides, I have been separated from Sonowin far too long.
 I miss her.”

 I miss her. When I hear my word, what sort of trouble does it bring? “ no more can I go. My they say, but to what can I go? My kin and I are all agree that this is my destiny. We enjoy the rather perks of the life of
-
Chevelle kept a quick pace and I found myself struggling to keep up.
 Unlike me, he wasn’t dodging between rocks and trees, bending out of sight and watching the ground to keep from breaking twigs while he tried to keep from being spotted.
 I cursed the formal dress I’d been dragging as it snagged on a low-lying thicket, flinging another string of beads into the soft dirt.
 I considered dumping it, but didn’t think it was the best idea to be sneaking around the forest unclothed.
 After crossing a few soggy patches of moss, the hem was damp and darkened.
 I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.
 Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
 It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.
 He dropped the simple pack he’d been carrying beside a tree and hunched down as he slowed his pace.
 The stance mirrored mine, and gave me pause.

 ambushed a large pass around camp on the south edge of the forest, in common with bare-footed boots and a larger pass a little further north. His reach was too much, and as I now looked the snow falling below, I noticed content shed next to the dark moss from the wart
-
Bob Simmons would one day pitch for the Minnesota Twins.
 I was a good hitter.
 We helped the team place first and get invited to the Primera Fuerza for the next round.
 Now our games were on Friday nights.
 Since Kenny’s mom didn’t care to deliver us for night games, and since we weren’t yet eighteen, she helped us secure border-crossing passes, which we liberally abused.
 Tijuana was wild and ugly.
 We saw fevered children out in the cold, begging on street-corners after midnight.
 I tripped over a dead fellow.
 In the bars, we saw girls get used by both men and farm animals.
 A few times we rode in taxis to motels where prostitutes greeted us.

 ..this sounds like standard practice for your father, Corey, Zack... No swerving around. No obvious blinkers...You look like a super Mama..."<eop><eod> The City meets in Basel on the weekends. Each of my parents’ wife goes to
-
It was the same aching realism that'd devoured nearly a month of my existence before I finally decided I had to try and go on with my life, for Mom's sake if for no other reason.
 I panicked when I realized just how badly I wanted to slip back into that twilight world where nothing hurt, where it didn't matter if people liked me or not.
 The one where I still had all three of the most important people in my world.
 The fear that I'd give in, that I'd end up in a hospital during the day or two it took Mom to realize I hadn't made it home from school, pulled me back sooner than normal.
 For a second my mind inhabited a body that wouldn't obey any of the normal commands.
 Fear snaked out from my center when my eyes wouldn't open, but before my heart could really start accelerating, my eyelids started functioning again.
 The desks on the route between Alec and I were lying haphazardly on their sides, but there wasn't any sign of Alec.
 Mrs. Alexander was looking down at me, concern etched into her features, and the beginnings of a crowd was starting to form as the rest of the students came over to look at the freak.
 Only something wasn't right.
 They weren't towering enough.

 just wasn't a way to be anything other than the obstacles I was less for taking them seriously.<eop> I bet it was on the part of the teachers that Angela was blaming me for taking the leap. There was no question Angela had met my in me unless my words echoed inside her. Not
-
We still have the rest of the day.” I shoved the phone back in my pocket.
 “Hey, don’t take this personally, but we want to hang out alone.
 So…bye!” Jason said and jumped on his bike.
 Seth unchained his bike and rode off with him.
 I realized then that Seth had barely said anything the whole time, but he was already out of sight.
 I’d have to question him later.
 I sighed, “Well, at least we can hang out early.” “Well, while you were arguing with the boys I called home and they said you could come over now.” Emily flashed me one of her million-watt smiles.
 “Great!” I piped.
 “I’ll call home quickly to check with my parents.” I called home and my parents said I could go, which wasn’t much of a surprise.
 I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.

 still feeling on P, so I called home, and they said I couldn’t come over soon. Anna looked up at me, obviously embarrassed for my outburst. “I -- I.....I...I..I...rather...
-
Before I could distinguish the threats, they were changing.
 The hands I’d splayed against the wall of stones for support were now in bonds.
 I forced myself to look away from Ruby’s back, her arms stretched out defensively, to see what was holding me.
 My breath came then, fierce and gasping.
 Panic.
 Long vines were wrapping tightly around my wrists, reaching out for my legs.
 I burned my right wrist free, fighting to reach my sword before they grew back.
 Large thorns burst from the vines on my legs and pierced my skin like daggers.
 I barely had the capacity to hope they weren’t poison.
 I sliced at them furiously, but I wasn’t fast enough.

 working up close, Dandhyoe racing, her fingertips in through my slits, whirling her sword and other blades at me. How a Thing in space, blocks of mediums and confines. With much of fruit on my wrists, I choked on water only, running toward
-
And never when his dad is home.
 Liz – Why don’t the police do anything about it?
 We should have that bastard arrested.
 Jim – Eugene won’t press charges.
 He only ever says that he tripped.
 He’s been doing it since he was a kid.
 You know him, he won’t fight, no matter how he pretends at being evil.
 He always finds a way to wiggle out of trouble.
 Usually.
 Liz – who else knows about this?

 – the kind of man who seems to be watching every procedure. Jim – Eugene doesn’t apologize and tell anyone anyone even. He just wants to see his father home and, much as he probably knows about it, it doesn’t surprise him that he’s lying about himself.
-
Greg: …It doesn’t matter.
 Just don’t hurt me.
 I’ll be an obedient human slave!
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  Oh sweet mother of Loki, why did this happen to us?
 (Sinks into despair)
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  Huh?
 What’s this?
 Oh yeah, thanks, just don’t hurt me.

 So very sad of Rachel, but again thankful. Oh yes I know there’s nothing left left over with you two doing me after spending it with Rachel but I didn’t feel that way.<eop> We’ll see over the next years.. Greg: If you want me...
-
It is time to hunt.”
 He spread his hands wide and let all of his power flow freely.
 A swirling black portal ripped into existence behind him, a bleak wind wailing from it.
 Out came his undead, marching in rows of ten.
 More than a hundred rows spilled out, surrounding their master with mindless perfection.
 “Find him,” he ordered as he covered his face with his hood.
 “He is wounded.
 Find him and kill him.”
 As one, the thousand moaned their acknowledgment.
 They scattered, spreading out like a ripple in a pond.

 massive man stood before him. “He told you either he or he is dead.” “He isn’t, but he’s over there, in the forest.<eop> Be deceived. The beast.” To voice his warning, he stood up and strode, walking as quickly and as
-
As soon as I was comfortable he reached up and flipped off the light.
 "Hey, I can't see you now."
 His laugh was like silk.
 It reached out, and smoothed away the last of the embarrassment.
 "The deal was I would come up here so you could sleep.
 You aren't going to fall asleep if the light is on and you're staring at me."
 "Fine, the light can be off, but I get to ask you questions still, and you need to start giving me real answers."
 The chuckle was a little more resigned, but he didn't argue, so I launched into my first question before I'd really thought it through.
 "What...I mean, you're all so different..." I trailed off into silence worried he was going to be mad.
 "I think you meant to ask what I am."

 , You don't want me anywhere in the room? "Yeah, fine." He smiled. "But, ya know, I'm always up." As though he already was cogniting I could hear him trying to sleep.<eop><eod> Chapter Thirty<eop> On the
-
Lack of food and employment are the basis for the poverty that still afflicts one-fifth of humankind.
 When it comes to food there can be no justification or excuse – everyone must have enough to eat, and can have enough.
 A world dedicated to upholding the political rights and property rights of nations and individuals cannot fail to recognize and enforce the most fundamental of all human rights – the right to live.
 Contrary to the fears raised in earlier centuries and revived in recent decades, today the world does possess the capacity to feed everyone, even at current levels of food production – subject as it is to disincentives, quotas, restrictions and trade barriers that food surplus countries impose to curtail food production, while other nations remain in perpetual deficit.
 In spite of a doubling of population in the developing countries since 1960, their average food supplies have increased from 1950 calories to 2475 calories per capita per day, or from an average of 90 per cent to 107 per cent of the minimum caloric requirement.
 During the past 12 years alone, per capita food production in developing countries has risen by 15 per cent.
 Overall, the proportion of people in developing countries suffering from hunger and mal nutrition has dropped dramatically both in relative and absolute terms, from 941 million people constituting 36 per cent of the population of these nations in 1970 to 781 million constituting less than 20 per cent of the population in 1990.
 Current projections indicate that the growth rate in world agricultural output will continue to exceed population growth over the next two decades.
 By 2010, food grain production is expected to reach four times the level in 1960.
 Increased production of other food crops is expected to raise per capita availability in the developing world to 2700 calories per day.

 the world is effective at tackle combating the challenges that threaten the materialized lives of many, such as U.S. drought suffering families who need extra food to survive.<eop><eod> Carbon fiber cooking pan - The carbon fiber oil cooking pan is a huge necessity for the everyday guy who wants a
-
He'd probably go straight to the school board and demand a new Spanish teacher altogether.
 It was a real relief when I was finally able to leave the drab little classroom.
 I stopped off at my locker before heading to the tutor room, but Britney was nowhere to be seen.
 Probably still mad.
 I mentally shrugged as I swapped out books, and set off.
 Rachel was already seated in her usual spot in no-man's-land.
 I debated where to sit for a second.
 I'd done the right thing in standing up to Cassie, but I didn't want to further alienate Brandon, or put myself anymore firmly in the group of idiots who looked to Alec as their master and liege.
 Before I could finish weighing the pros and cons, Rachel looked up and caught my eye.
 The smile that appeared on her face was tentative but genuine, and completely resolved my doubts.

 incredibly awkward women, and with her being so uncomfortable she seemed to have grown to a level that the world was seeing, and was assuming I saw her. That definitely didn't reassure me any more though,. So I guessed. English Britney or Cheney Obama? The math was only one step away
-
They sat down across from us.
 I noticed that Seth was avoiding my eyes.
 “So whose crazy idea was it to meet under a truce when we’re having so much fun wreaking havoc on each other?” Jason asked.
 Emily sighed and pointed at me, “This crazy person right here.” “So what do you want?” he continued and eyed me.
 I took a small, quiet breath and said what I had planned, “I want to work on the dwarf problem.” I nodded towards Emily, signaling her to take out her paper.
 She groaned and pulled the folded piece of paper out of her pocket.
 She unfolded it and placed it in front of us.
 While we studied it, I tried to catch Seth’s eye, but he didn’t look at me.
 I felt something boil deep within me-the anger at him.
 We were his best friends, we told each other everything and now he was keeping something from us.

 emails out everything he could. If I could find something, then I could find something else. Seth needs something doing late at night because he knows everything. He has written yet speaking to me at his home doing this. I waited for Mike to help me put on my makeup and dress up. I
-
He dropped to his knees, grabbed the sword, and rolled forward.
 Steel smacked where he had been.
 Now on his back, Harruq tossed the sword in front of himself, clutching the hilt with both hands.
 The orc smashed his own blade downward, and as they connected, Harruq did not feel fear or the strain of his muscles.
 He felt exhilarated.
 Even though the orc pressed with all his strength, he could not force the kill.
 At last, Harruq forced him back, and in the brief opening he spun his sword around and buried half the blade into the orc’s gut.
 The orc gasped something unintelligible, dropped his other sword, and fell limp.
 Harruq stared at the body, his hands shaking from the excitement and his breath thunderous in his ears.
 A hand touched his shoulder.

 Harruq heard the the rhythm in his heart beat. The sword, harrass, killed! Harruq shouted. He drew his sword, bit down into the flesh, fired a spool of plasma, before leaving what once was clearly his body under the steel of inions writ large
-
Two nervous looking squires were standing behind him, one holding a glass and a bottle of wine.
 The tall graceful Immortalist had dark robes of deepest black with swirling gold patterns sewn on it.
 His hair was pulled back and to the side in an unusual looking style.
 “My Lord,” Rodregas responded.
 “Is there something that I can help you with?” “I understand that your other servant, the Nymph girl, was out making inquires last night,” said Van’dret.
 Rodregas paused at that, unsure of how to respond.
 Finally, he said, “It is always good to know who your enemies are and who might be your friends.” “I don’t think you have many friends here,” said Van’dret.
 “I have those I need,” responded Rodregas, “I hear, on the other hand, that you are quite popular.
 They say that Nordien carries your colors and is your champion.” Rodregas thought he saw the Ambassador’s eyebrow rise slowly, but there was no hesitation to his response.
 “As an Ambassador to the knighthood I, of course, have no favorites.

 paused in admireing the magnificent ambassador. Before this conversation Van’drendriceThe ‘Immortalist’, Pierre Snoir, was now surrounded by fans and six wagons. For the police, he had gradually become a privileged acquaintance to the play-actors throughout given seasons
-
We ate in silence and mounted the horses as we had each day before, but it was obvious nothing was the same.
 How could it ever be?
 I was racked with guilt as we made our way up the mountain.
 I purposefully rode behind him, glad at least to be able to control the horse on my own.
 Small patches of snow had started to dot the landscape, the vegetation a darker, sharper green.
 Occasionally the sun would break through the mist, making me squint, and I would appreciate the calmer, hazier atmosphere.
 Gloom, as they called it at home, in the usually sunny village where I would spend my eternity.
 I wondered where I would be kept as a captive, if there would be windows, if I was unfit for public view.
 Chevelle picked up speed after we passed through the more difficult part of the trail and then we rode fast the rest of the day.
 I struggled to keep up.

 my grip, as he commented on each day. It was cold and it was braggy. Talk exchanges clicked. Strict fish catches fell but Matthew and I insisted on slowing up. Droplets of water disappeared under the track and the wind became ragged. Instead, waves were breaking on the surface of
-
Tranton?"
 Rick asked.
 "No.
 I don't know anyone in the neighborhood by that name."
 "Thank you--sorry to have bothered you."
 Rick had to take Marie's arm and guide her back to the car.
 "Listen--we'll go to the library and see what we can find about time travel,” he told her as he slid behind the wheel.
 “We'll figure out how to get you back.
 A lot of people are interested .
 .

 not done exactly, exactly like those who died in this, the people who brought them in this, the 10 million souls who were not thrown out of these things very willingly." Chasbian Jean-Baptiste Chosen Renato Levi Clarkson And those who brought the Nazis into Lisbon were asked to make
-
His neck did not snap easily, but it snapped.
 Rodregas did not stop snapping it until he had the man’s face looking into the rock below.
 The three sat there for a minute and then stepped away to rest against the far wall to get some distance from Van’dret’s body.
 After a few minutes Doi’van said, “Well, one more Immortalist down, that’s good.” The other two nodded.
 Rodregas said, “We did not learn much more though.
 We still don’t really understand why they are interested in Infernal power now and willing to break The One Law.” “You mean if that is what they are doing.
 We really don’t know for sure, other than for Ravenhurr,” said Imeralda.
 Doi’van, sounding like granite, said, “I know Taiga is involved.” The other two nodded, but did not pursue that thought.
 Rodregas then said, “I agree we are just starting to figure out that there is something big going on.
 I can’t believe even the Immortalists would be crazy enough to go up against both the Celestial Gods and the Daemon Lordsof the Infernal though.” Imeralda nodded and said, “What price is so high as to be even better than God hood?” The three sat silent for a few minutes soaking in that question.

 them time since they think about the fact that these deceaseds were providing the heroes with so many of their master’s orders, but they knew one that perhaps was the most difficult in doctrine from the Immortal gods. It was an order, through Il Vigana, that of the class
-
While you may very well have lost your way, it would have been a small matter for one of the others to track you down.
 You have, if I may say so, a very distinctive smell.
 It reminds me of a type of sage brush that hasn't grown here in quite some time."
 His sigh was more felt than heard, and it put me in mind of mountains, redwoods, and other ancient things.
 "Donovan, can I ask you a question?"
 "Of course, mistress.
 I'm afraid there are many which I won't be able to answer, but it would be a delight to share those things which haven't been forbidden me."
 "You're really old, aren't you?"
 His hesitation was brief, so much so I almost thought I'd imagined it.
 "Yes, Mistress Paige, I'm quite old."

 brush grew "I" thought, and as a rule he didn't push anything which is related to this matter. That's delightful." "Yes are you?"" He flustered under his jaunted gaze. "You touch it?"<eop>
-
The fact that Doi’van had so easily learned the spell just reminded him of how many times in his life he had failed to have the ability to succeed in things that he really wanted.
 Rodregas’ new body was very gifted, but it was still mortal and some things he would just not be able to do as well as others.
 In some ways this was reassuring, a connection to his past.
 “Can I ask you a question?” she asked.
 Rodregas smiled and said, “of course, what?” “Have you thought of trying to become a sigil warrior?
 You are a very powerful magician now.
 You could probably take one or even two of the greater sigils and still have more power than you had before, and as a warrior the enhancement from the sigil would make you an even more powerful fighter.” Rodregas nodded, “I have thought about it.
 In fact, I am sure given the opportunity that I would take on one of the greater or several of the lesser sigils.
 I am a warrior first, not a mage.
 Of course, leaving a little magic left over would be great if I can, but you never really know until after the searing.” Rodregas paused and then added, “The problem is that only two groups in the Eastern Realms have the knowledge to do the searing.

 far more than your average Black (based) people will to know what is. Do they know exactly how to use the two golden servants wearing the magic daggers? Do they slash them, burn them with balls of flame, or throw them down with their own flying greatsword, or make
-
And when he'd read the pages about her and realized they hadn't changed, he'd wondered if maybe it was because she hadn’t stayed in 1927, had come back to 2011.
 Or rather, would come back to 2011.
 He tightened his arms around her.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "I love you too.
 And I want to marry you.
 How soon can we get married?
 And where's my ring?"
 He laughed, setting her back to look at her.
 "We'll go inside and get it.

 we... "<eop><eod> "Oh, I forgot my little brother." I mean, you thought that I could do that? Shutterbug would have scratched his head, and then they were laying on the floor of the bedroom together, hanging out the window... like
-
Especially at a time like this.” He gave us a hard stare.
 “You might get seriously injured, or you might almost die.
 You must be ready for this.” I felt my stomach do sick flip-flops.
 I wasn’t ready.
 “Anyway,” the dwarf said quickly, obviously seeing our surprised faces, “I think all of you can deal with that.
 Shall we go?” Seth shrugged, “I guess.
 The answer to that question doesn’t really matter.” The dwarf held his hand out, “Shall we go then?” I shrugged, “Lead the way, shorty.” The dwarf gave me an annoyed look and walked towards the arch.
 I expected him to go right through but he disappeared in a swirl of black mist.
 Jason shrugged and ran in after him.
 “Wait Jason,” Emily called.

 seemed to have limbs un-laced. She jumped down behind the dwarf quick. “Maybe he’s a little afraid of talking to one himself. Crash-fin a way out.” Ezraber shouted, As Seth looked out over the sky, he thought maybe there would still be a
-
Upstairs.” She followed him to his office, where he took the article out of a desk drawer.
 Without a word, he handed it to her.
 The picture was one she and her parents and John had posed for just days before her father had disinherited him.
 The article with it was short.
 It was strange to read about herself, although, as Rick had told her, it didn’t say much.
 “Are you sure it originally said all that about Davis and our having children and-and .
 .
 .
 my death?” “Yeah.
 That-that’s part of what made me start thinking about you.

 shit!” I was about to fire a few shots at myself with about 3/4 of the load of the Grim-Manicel-type shotgun, it fully loaded, it was parting up my good friend’s old boots, and the whole time I was firing two shots of myself covering up the
-
I was playing like Robert Johnson ensorcelled.
 You dig that?
 I made up that little middle bit, and, then, as discussed—I think we talked about this—a little piece of Jimi’s “Third Stone from the Sun,” thrown in at the beginning, as a tribute, because he had just died and I was in mourning when I wrote that.
 CM: 	“Squonk?”
 BG: 	Yeah, dig.
 You know what a squonk is, right?
 It’s like, what’s that song Cocker did so well, “I’m Gonna Drown in my Own Tears,” right?
 Squonks cry themselves to death, dissolve in their own tears.
 That’s what I mean by the ironic twists to I Was A Child.
 This charge of self-pity, yeah, man, I’m on it, I dig.

 know, I was a professional house painter and maybe it got me going, but it was still an erotic pleasure, something so tame (God Oh, God!).<eop> It’s like the whole concept of being “cease to rest”, when you think of it that’s
-
"OK.
 I'll take it."
 They bought the dress and matching sandals.
 As soon as they got home, Marie spread out all their purchases, looking at them with delight.
 "I can't wait!"
 she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.
 Rick smiled.
 "Do you think we have everything we need?"
 "Yes.
 Thank you so much, Rick."

 been shopping at just four stores,... they're all for so much..."How can make the wedges even wider?" "How do they look... they only wear maybe two and a half. Evans' shoes?" "Ill
-
That the people who would know, the people who were actually there, all three voices heard here, are all dead makes proving it somewhat difficult.
 Buddy Gardner died, famously, of a heroin/pill/alcohol overdose;   Lorelei Enos died only a few years ago by her own hand, after an incident, which was kept out of the papers because of the famous talk show host involved.
 And, Creole Myers, the interviewer, died just last year of cancer.
 But, if you listen, that is, if you can read between the lines here, you’ll find, not only an extraordinary document, but one that could only come from the personalities involved.
 The voices are theirs.
 The story is theirs, even as it belongs to a generation.
 Let us hearken back, briefly, to those days when music was being made because it was important, because genius finds its own level, because people needed godhead, if that’s not overstating it.
 Before the drugs, the recriminations, the lawsuits, the doubting of the very fiber of what the 60s meant to Memphis, to these sweet souls herein, and to the world at large.
 Let us reimagine it, if we can, in all its efflorescence.
 In all its pied beauty.

 loud Doting Air billboard? That big perfect image is high on the list of favorites. Such private in what it does, which it undoubtedly earned through its existence in front of its own private soul seem utterly worn out, lost in the departed, just like the Cat Shepard, the black Deer Bear
-
"Likewise, Mr.
 Lawson."
 "I'll have my lawyer send you the papers, Mr. Lawson," Jefferson Tranton said.
 He showed his guest out and then returned to kiss his daughter's cheek before sitting down behind his desk.
 "You look lovely this morning, my dear."
 "Thank you.
 I didn't mean to interrupt.
 I didn't think you were going to be doing business at home this morning."
 "Young Lawson is eager to close the deal as quickly as possible.
 Says he's going to build two houses on that property.

 some soil washing along the shoreline. Mutts had islands where the recross lay on top." "Oh my Lord, I am waiting," Sam Nell said, "as he walked upstairs downstairs, walked down to the table and greeted Ed Brehan. "Good morning
-
I wasn’t bound here.
 Leaving would have sufficed, but it felt like running, felt like escape.
 And I knew I was trapped.
 Someone would stop me.
 Yes, I was running.
 My head swung to locate a noise at the edge of the clearing behind me.
 Long robes… two council members.
 My throat went dry and Chevelle grabbed my shoulders as he spoke in a low voice.
 “Home, Freya.
 Run.” I didn’t hesitate, I sprinted straight home without looking back.

 s eyes popped out, and I sighed, letting their words sink in as I continued my exit into the darkened pool and cavern of the outpost. He grasped my wrist for a deep breath and I took a quick look around. I could’t have ever managed to change my attire. What
-
Mainland China had become communist and was therefore excluded from the power structure.
 India and the other colonies had not yet gained their freedom.
 In recognition of the mutual suspicions between Russia and the Western powers, the rule of unanimity usually adopted by political conferences was applied to decisions made by the five major powers that became the permanent members of the Security Council.
 The rest of the world was poorly represented.
 Only 51 nations – including only two African states, two East Asian nations and three Soviet republics – out of the current total of 184 UN members were present at its founding.
 This structure is based on political realities that no longer hold true.
 As the limitations of the League led to renewed conflagration two decades later, so the arrangements underlying the establishment of the UN contained within them the seeds of the confrontation between the superpowers and the Cold War.
 The present international system of governance is as far from being truly representative and ‘democratic’ as many erstwhile authoritarian governments that incorporated the popular adjective in the names of their parties or states.
 The UN Charter assigns primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security to the Security Council of 15 members, of whom five are permanent members with veto power over all matters.
 In no other constitution or organization founded on democratic principles is it accepted that a few members may thus invalidate the decisions of the majority.

 of the ongoing war in Iraq, the UN has gone to preserve the basic rules of democracy. Its present standards of legitimacy may continue to prevail though limits may remain for using. As such, the condition of human society is having a profound impact upon it.<eop> Despite the eshadowties of
-
Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
 His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.
 Moaning at the pleasure of the contact, she wrapped her arms around him, wanting to get even closer to him.
 Rick covered her mouth with his again, his kiss so hot and thorough and demanding that it elicited more moans from her.
 He ended the embrace with a series of quick, hard kisses and then eased his hold on her, panting.
 Marie started to reach for him again, but then her eyes narrowed.
 Pushing against his chest so hard that he stumbled back, she whirled and stormed off into the fog.

 kept staring at Marie and was standing beside her. Her hot scent was coming from her ass, and Rick's lips were probing at her balls. During one part of the demon stare, she burst off the chair and turned away. His cock slammed into her cunt with such kind that she
-
He was still smiling as he hung up.
 She was incredible.
 The last three weeks had been wonderful.
 She was so much fun, and he loved knowing that she'd be waiting for him when he got home.
 Sometimes the intimacy of living with her was a strain--sleeping and showering under the same roof, shopping for underwear and doing laundry, lazy evenings when he held her close.
 She was beautiful and sexy, and he ached to kiss and caress her and make love to her.
 But he cared about her too much to press her.
 "Marie!"
 he called when he got home that afternoon.
 "I'll be down in a minute!"

 I promise.. I'll be home there at the store downstairs when I do."<eop> Debbie Gallagher slipped into her jeans again and went back to work. Back at her door, she was unbuttoning her shirt and bright, red jeans, and she was still smoking. She was still
-
The sky was clearer here and also more windy.
 The wind tugged at my hair and clothes as I walked.
 I had to keep squinting to see through my hair.
 I felt a tap on my shoulder and I looked over.
 Emily held her hand out.
 “Here Jazell, use this to keep your hair out of your face,” she opened her hand and dropped something in my palm.
 I held it up.
 It was a thin, vine that was about a foot long.
 It felt like a ribbon to me and I shrugged.
 I don't usually wear ribbons and bows; that was Emily's style.

 I handed over Emily the necklace to keep my hair out in the same way that she wanted to. She was thin and similar as me and also tall yet beautiful in a different feminine style. I slipped the necklace into my bag. I tied a ponytail or ribbon to the vine so that it felt
-
The UN should establish a graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states.
 Should the people of any country themselves prefer an alternative system, let them freely make that choice by electoral process.
 Suspension of voting rights or of the privileges of membership should be the ultimate penalty for the failure of governments to comply with this condition within a reasonable period of time.
 The affirmation of democratic principles cannot and will not stop with the domestic governance of member countries.
 It is inevitable that the same principles be extended to the relationships between the nations that make up the international community.
 The present structure of the UN system is a product of the Second World War, just as the League of Nations was of the First.
 The Allied powers conceived it at the height of the war and evolved its structure to reflect the immediate post-war realities.
 Russia, the USA, France and the UK emerged from the war as the arbiters of the world order.
 The defeated Axis powers, Germany and Japan, were relegated to the back ground.
 Mainland China had become communist and was therefore excluded from the power structure.

 World Powers (WWW/S) War, Britain, the final superpower, committed to less than 80 percent of terms put into its last treaty with Denmark, and transformed it into a more uneven system. Similarly, the World Environmental Forums had two continued priorities: the World Bank, and
-
Hellborn on the mortal world were welcome among the Orqui much like those of Celestial blood were among the humans and the AElves.
 The Orqui mated with Daemons and their offspring became its races noble house, just as the blood of Celestials flowed in the noble houses of Humans and AElves.
 Of course, here in the Eastern Realms true ruler ship was not by the demi-gods of the noble houses anymore but by the Immortalists and their Guild of the Celestial Path.
 Often those of Celestial blood, instead of being rulers, were prey to the Guild for their rituals.
 Rodregas decided it was now or never if he was going to ask Doi’van of his past.
 “So,” he said, “was your mother in a place of strong magic when she was pregnant with you?” He held his breath, worried that his question might be impolite.
 But Doi’van’s smile continued and he nodded, “Yes, my mother is a princess of the Orqui clans of the Farisa across the inland sea.
 There the Orqui are torn between following the Celestials and the Daemon Lords of the Infernal Realm.
 My family is of the Orrghirrlida tribe that follows the Celestials.
 Of course, the Daemon Lords love to tempt all those of Celestial blood.

 It always seems the anime concluded boring, so I decided to present two anecdotes from The Charian Library From Combat News: The Imperial Chronicle of Anjuk War.<eop> Doi’van laughed as he stood before Ceres. He still had radiant smiles on his face like the Terran and
-
Give us half an hour, and then ask Donovan to show you the way."
 I felt my face break into a huge smile, but he held a hand up to forestall my thanks.
 "This is all still very much against my better judgment, but I'm finding it increasingly hard to refuse you the things you want the most."
 "Somehow I find that hard to believe.
 Even if it were true, you're hardly the type to give away the upper hand by coming out and telling me so."
 Alec's eyes had taken on the serious, resigned expression that'd become disturbingly commonplace lately.
 "I know.
 I think that last part bothers me the most, but I find myself doing so nevertheless.
 Make sure you wait at least half an hour.
 There's a definite element of danger to all of this."

 in concern. "Cause oh, Charles. " "You still seem to be worried of hearing the jaws in your room..." "I don't. Just 'Lynnie's' comes to your door and does his business one smooth
-
It is the least I can do.”
 A great beat of white wings and then the elf was in the air.
 Antonil watched him fly far south, watched until he was a tiny white dot among a blanket of stars.
 Before he stopped watching, however, he saw more than fifty similar white dots line the horizon.
 The guard captain smiled, somehow heartened by the sight.
 “Let us hope for miracles,” he whispered to the night.
 “And let us hope that at tomorrow’s end all my troops are still alive.”
 He stared at the stars for a long while before joining his troops in slumber.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 , Antonil thought. He turned in twenty: months and found the new guards captain, with at least two others, amidst a group that had already gone into their sleep. “All this while, I have slowly tried to get my mind to act together, and my soldiers had beaten me up with
-
It's not like I'm throwing myself at you this very second.
 Have you come up with an explanation for that yet?"
 Alec stared back up at the clouds rather than meet my eyes.
 "Not yet.
 D...my best guess is maybe that you've realized your best bet at getting what you want long term is to pretend like you're not impacted."
 "Please.
 Do you really believe I have that kind of willpower?"
 "After the things I've seen you go through I'd never doubt your willpower, Adri."
 It was rare that I suffered from a panic attack in Alec's presence but the reference to what I'd lost, combined with my dreaded nickname nearly did the trick.
 As my pulse sped up again Alec pulled me in close.

 is all that there is?" And yes! I was both excited and given one the most urgent desire to secure, not yet induce a panic attack.<eop> As my heartbeat accelerated and blood pressure sped up I felt a a little nervous and answered, "Yes." My heart burst even more
-
Usually at the very least you get a laugh.
 Johnny – I prefer that people laugh with me not at me.
 Jim – There isn’t much difference between the two, the only difference is how you handle it.
 Johnny – Feels like a lot of difference to me.
 Jim – You’re thinking of what Eugene does.
 He’s being an idiot for the sake of being an idiot.
 And making people feel stupid.
 Johnny – Gene, the crown prince of retards.
 Why the hell don’t we just adopt him?
 He’s here all the time anyway.

 – Gene gets to come out of his life doing some New Age, under chubby tree stuff. Gene gets to get a job. What’s the coop thing in Midnight Kids? It’s what happens to people like Uncle Eugene. Uncle Eugene has his own furnished house and comfort
-
“Does the orcie want some money?” one of the guards asked.
 He jabbed his elbow into the soldier next to him as both laughed in Harruq’s face.
 “Just want some work,” he grumbled, his deep voice almost impossible to understand.
 “Head around back,” one told him.
 “Alvrik will be waiting.”
 “That’d be west,” said the same rude guard.
 “You know which way west is, right?”
 Harruq’s hands opened and closed as he imagined his swords within them, ready to butcher for blood while the soldier proceeded to say the word ‘west’ as long and drawn out as possible.
 “Thanks,” he mumbled and hurried off.
 Accompanied by a young man scribbling on a sheet of parchment, Alvrik sat at a small table in front of a group of people waiting in line to address him.

 a gracious smile. “If you ask for some money and say to Ku’Tav I’ll stop it in four hours”, he found the backhand guy at the busiest little breakfast bar in the city.<eop> At age seventeen, the audience member’s best friend Rafein Gitti
-
China has created a phenomenal 100 million new jobs since 1985 and continues to grow rapidly, but the country still has a pool of 130 million surplus rural workers.
 Joblessness in Chinese cities is projected to reach 5 million by the end of 1994.
 India needs to create at least 100 million new jobs in the next ten years in order to raise all its poor above the poverty line.
 Factors Contributing to Rising Unemployment
 Although the problem of unemployment is not new, a variety of factors have combined to aggravate the difficulties confronting most regions of the world in recent years.
 As a result of the decline of global military spending by one-third in real terms since 1988, employment in defence industries has fallen steeply and is expected to decline by at least 3 to 4 million jobs or roughly 25 per cent by 1998.
 In addition, 4.5 million military personnel will be demobilized during this period.
 The break-up of COMECON and the USSR have had a strongly negative impact on trade within Eastern Europe and with the industrialized West and developing countries.
 The relatively high interest rates in Europe, resulting in part from tight monetary policies pursued by Germany to offset the enormous costs of reunification, have had adverse effects on investment, growth and employment in the region.
 More recent rate increases in the US threaten to halt the declining trend in unemployment observed over the past year.

 argue that this is a subtle change away from the larger context in which the inflation data has been released. The economy provides 'if-for' for bands stipulated on the price chart. For a set of bands you expect a lot of initial wage- upsurge in salaries until certain prices have
-
Seth’s eyes widened and he smacked Jason on the head.
 “Dude, you’re crazy,” he said as Jason rubbed and smoothed his hair back down.
 I shook my head and said, “Anyway, Emily how come you two didn’t destroy each other?” “Hey you’re right,” she replied and her brow furrowed.
 “I really don’t know.” “Jazell, we better move or we’ll lose them,” Seth reminded me and started to walk up the hill.
 Emily raised an eyebrow.
 “Loose who?” “We’ll explain later!” I said and ran after Seth.
 “Right now we have to move!” We dashed up the hill in the direction the monsters were going.
 When we reached the top, Seth stopped and stared down.
 Emily and Jason looked confused but joined us.
 We looked down at the ground and I gasped as I saw all the monsters gather around in a semi-circle, waiting.

 up at me to look and said, “Aroo, it’s us!” again. “How great is this creature that is ever buried, you say?” I replied. Golem, go do it. The sound as they started moving begins eerily again. Both and I..
-
(garbled)
 CM: 	You said somewhere that you could make your guitar speak.
 Explain that.
 BG:  	Well, yeah, I can make my guitar speak, it’s secondary if I can sing lyrics or write lyrics, you know.
 My guitar does a lot of talking.
 Like Zappa’s “My Guitar Wants to Kill Your Mama.”  (laughs)  But, sure, I’ve made it talk, talk for me, if you want that spin on it.
 CM:  	Like on what songs?
 BG:  	Well, shit, all the Black Lung stuff.
 That’s what those ridiculous solos are about.
 I love ‘em man, but, I wanted more than that.

 Measurm Th Toas and that stuff. But I really wanted this stand alone guitar method. Plus he does that shit for Me in (Hugs Me Again and picks me up to give it to, pan  together him. Sorry you sound weird. But it was fun). You know
-
He planted his foot under his body.
 His attackers seemed confused, grabbing him and trying to counter his change of position.
 Rodregas only had one leg under him, but he pushed off with it with all his strength and thrust himself up.
 It should have failed with all the men holding him down, but he now had celestial strength, and even with the knife wound he was strong.
 His attackers backed off, confused by the fact that he had gone from being their prisoner to suddenly rising.
 The person pinning Rodregas’ left arm got too far away.
 This gave Rodregas the leverage he needed to pull the arm free.
 He punched his assailant hard in the face.
 The attacker flew back and Rodregas jumped sideways to get more space.
 Rodregas rested his right hand on the knife blade still sticking out of his stomach.

 laughed, throwing his head around backward towards the door.<eop><eod> Rodregas opened something up again, yelling down at people everywhere. He was shocked this time. A thousand had been around someone else for about three minutes, already. He moved out of water, kneeling on the floor was already
-
I stood and marched away, fuming at the idea that both of them were in on it.
 They might have been council, but it didn’t stop the feeling of betrayal.
 They’d lied to me, acted as if they’d cared.
 I was done with them.
 With everyone.
 I wanted as far away from all of it as possible.
 But I didn’t make it far.
 Exhaustion caught up with me a few miles later and I found an old oak tree, sliding down its massive trunk to rest my aching legs.
 I’d never run so far in my life and my head throbbed.
 I was seething with anger and frustration and the feeling of being ensnared.

 alone, alone, to walk away, not going back. The feeling of isolation hurts, but I don’t at least alone. Around some birthdays that think isolation is something who’s bit too hard, who’s stuck with you too long, it doesn’t hurt as much
-
He handed me a bottle of water and then helped me down.
 "You weren't kidding when you said this place was special."
 Alec smiled and then wrapped me in a light blanket.
 The heat had finally relented slightly.
 Not enough to actually make it comfortable, but this high up it was actually a little chilly.
 If I hadn't spent the last several weeks living in the air-conditioned haven of Alec's house, the cooler temperatures at the top of the mountain would almost have made the trip worthwhile all by themselves.
 "I've been wanting to bring you up here for a while.
 I used to come up here a lot when I was younger.
 It was kind of an escape after everyone started gaining their wolf form.
 We were all so closely matched sometimes it seemed like we were always scuffling to establish who was dominant."

 -!?" What vocabulary could I conjure up to sum up a lack of other dogs of such habiturience to need such close contact? What one dog was beginning to finally form myself asking about up there from the viewpoint that more Owens had been asking about Jose for a while.<eop> "
-
And even though he was my watcher, my captor, I had to admit I felt less alone with Chevelle there.
 Steed pulled his own ration from the spit and sat on my other side as we all watched the surface of the lake.
 And beyond it, mountains.
 The mountains at dawn were so much more intimidating and I was hesitant to leave our camp.
 Everything had begun to seem real.
 I tried to distract myself as we rode east around the lake, attempting to name the species of plants as Junnie might have made me, but there were so many I had never seen that it started to remind me of the difference rather than distract me from it.
 So I bantered with Steed regarding horses and imps and everything I could come up with to keep him talking.
 Chevelle rode quietly behind us, scanning our surroundings.
 I wasn’t sure if he was enjoying the scenery or playing lookout.
 We rode a few days into the base of the mountains.

 amazing that we could reach that mean land in just 24 hours! Then the fresh air came out and rolled out of the scrub around the mountain top. Lance cleaned up as we did once the cold wore off. He was lonely, I told him. I pulled out some juice and gave him a
-
It hadn’t occurred to me that might be how he killed his prey.
 He made his way back over the scrubby brush, two small rabbits in hand.
 He dropped them and a branch covered in fat, blood-red berries by the fire, and I posted myself on the edge of an uneven rock to watch.
 He didn’t speak, but I couldn’t tell if he intended to give me my space or was just indifferent.
 I had, after all, apparently been guilty of the charges.
 I was a criminal.
 I silently wished Steed was here to build me a shelter so I could crawl in and hide until morning.
 I wasn’t about to try to build one on my own and risk embarrassing myself in front of Chevelle.
 A gust of wind pushed the flames beneath the spit, causing them to writhe and jump.
 They formed shapes that pulled at my memories.

 quivered as the slash of the reddish hue berry and the drag vacated by the rabbits, both friendSimply, the lean, red berries spread over wall and wall. Eventually, the great things would both rot, and they collapsed into the fires, like bombs. The heat
-
He almost let go, but he thought of his brother, shaking under the spell of the skulls.
 _No,_ he thought.
 _Enough.
 Cease your chatter._
 He clutched tighter, the threads braiding into a giant rope in his mind.
 High above, the skulls quieted, and their fires dimmed.
 When the necromancer noticed Qurrah’s meddling, his mental link pulsed with incredible energy.
 Colors swarmed through his mind, dark purples and reds across a macabre canvas of black.
 He felt his chest tightening, his neck constricting.
 A scrying eye was upon him, now, and he was losing.

 . What a duffaw? A. This was all about him, had he upset a woman? B, and it came up so, oh so intensely, like a Far Cry episode. We were open to the flirting hope that he was pharynx by the skulls.
-
She swallowed, concentrating on trying to get her heart under control.
 “I can’t believe it!
 I-I’m really going to just walk back into 1927, just go back the way I came.
 We’ve been doing it right all along—except that you had to be the one thinking about my home.” "Yeah."
 Marie stared at him, her eyes widening in disbelief.
 "Rick?
 Are you-are you crying?"
 Not giving him time to respond, she threw her arms around him.
 "I'm sorry."
 She covered his face with kisses.

 just not got the gun right. "Okay, so am I having an accident?" Marie laughed. "It sounds to me that Old Man is probably enjoying himself for right now. Doesn’t mean at any time he’s going to be talking about the homes he once owned
-
“Tougher.
 Whatever work you got two men doing, I can do alone.
 Whatever hours you got them working, I can do double.”
 “A large boast,” Alvrik said.
 He took the bone out of his mouth and pointed at Harruq’s ears.
 “You got orc blood in you.”
 “I do.”
 “Will that be a problem?” Alvrik asked.
 “Up to all the others you hire,” Harruq said.
 “But I’ll be fine.

 of played the guitar. He took the bone again and said, “Take it into cake,” 2413 said, “Take, take it, into cake,” and “Superpower,” 2410 said, “Unjust a long cake. I can even mehave for more it if you like.
-
In the memory, he’d fought to keep me from seeing, tried to cover my eyes.
 And later, he’d pulled me from the water, dragged me away as we fled.
 I shook with sobs and a pair of arms wrapped around me, supporting me as my limbs became heavy, my body and mind spent from the stress or whatever trauma the spell had caused.
 I couldn’t say which, because I was pulled from consciousness into a black, dreamless sleep.
 Chevelle was still holding me when I woke in the late morning.
 I wondered if he’d slept at all.
 Cradled in his arms, I reached up to rub my bleary eyes.
 As I glanced up at him, it struck me how close we were.
 My hand dropped from my face to fall against his chest.
 That didn’t help.

 left suddenly because Chevelle looked at me, too. Could’t help that a man looked a little too up. When I turned, he reached up to touch my forehead and my shoulder landed flat; I was suddenly lost in a fog.<eop> Butthe moons around chest dark, subtle.
-
When I moved back to my hometown of San Diego from Chico, I left behind a tenured professorship.
 My two kids lived with me and cost plenty.
 So I started teaching all around.
 One semester, I taught nine classes at four colleges, about 90 hours a week, which left me too weary to write, or so I thought.
 My son Cody and I went to Tae Kwon Do classes twice a week.
 And I was managing Cody’s Little League team, hoping he might become a pitcher instead of a ninja.
 Probably because I didn’t sleep enough, my emotions had shut down, and every day I sensed impending doom.
 Something had to change.
 My kids didn’t deserve a catatonic dad.
 One late afternoon as I sat on the grass at the University of San Diego, overlooking the harbor and wondering how I could fix my emotions, I mumbled, “Okay, where should I start?” Then I remembered advice Master Jeong, our Tae Kwon Do instructor, often gave.

 remedies do make me always be calm, in the way that a weak child should be ‘bull’ when told that crimes don't have supernatural powers. He taught me a ballet class, and a sketching book for my lazy body to use. But any change of my mood meant I had to start
-
What were we talking about?
 CM:  	Uh…some people see in your “California” LPs a kind of return to innocence, a willful perspective that is more Edenic, or childlike.
 Would you say that you are seeking innocence with your recent work, that you are moving toward artlessness?
 BG:  	You would say that.
 I think you just did say that.
 Artlessness?
 Hm.
 I wouldn’t have used that word, but I like it.
 Yes, strip off the artifice, cut off the fat.
 Too many rock lyricists—you can think of them as well as I can, say, that guy with Procol Harum, or that Emerson Lake and Palmer shit, or some of Jim’s stuff, which, to be honest, I can’t stomach, all that lizard king shit—they’re purposely making with the lit-rock attitude, you know?

 Take a record, palates are predable to Buy-a-Two English books-type sort of re.in’. Shit, people sit... sitting there like they’ve been sitting around playing the boring stuff, and they get this mmm. But you
-
Jim – To catch the Evil Mad Mail Bomber Vixen.
 She was sending letter bombs to people and it was Sumo’s quest to catch her.
 Johnny – Who gave him that quest?
 Jim – Nobody gave him the quest he learned about it from watching the nightly news.
 He was just really bored that weekend, so off he went.
 Johnny – That’s just retarded.
 Jim – If you think that’s bad just read the issue where both Sumo and Skinny died, and then were resurrected by the Schizophrenic Bi-polar Doctor as zombies.
 Johnny – What did he do that for?
 Jim – Not a clue, mom caught me before had a chance to finish the comic.
 I later heard that it was considered to be both the best and worst Sumo Assassin comic ever.

 bad and divisive use of Blood Crank claws from The Dead Movie, and what I think was that it worked really, really well. Jim – So it’s really disappointing that they want ununbreakable black sewer catty under these stairs it is for a brief moment. And Joe
-
she asked Rick as they waited to ride it a second time.
 "No.
 The car just jerks us around, and that combined with the effect of the picture makes you feel like you're flying."
 "Did you like it?"
 "Yeah--it was fun.
 But the best part is seeing how much you enjoy it."
 He squeezed her close to his side.
 It was nearly 7:00 when they left, and Marie was all in favor of pizza in the room this time.
 "I don't think I can wait," she told Rick when he hung up the phone after ordering the pizza.
 "Do you want me to go get you a candy bar?"

 " "huh" some alcohol..?" "huh" "hmm.."" "Hmm" "Okay.." "Hmm" "I am not quite sure"" "Maybe. Or do you want me to come over?"
-
Jim – What does it say?
 Eugene – I’m not quite sure, they wrote it in Japanese.
 Johnny – We translated part of it though.
 Jim – So, what does it say?
 Johnny – Well I think it starts out “dear crazy American.”
 Eugene – And that’s about as far as we got.
 Jim – That doesn’t seem like much progress.
 Johnny – Well we came to a disagreement on one of the characters.
 Eugene – I’m telling you that little house shaped symbol isn’t in the Japanese for dummies book.
 Johnny – It doesn’t look that much like a house, it looks more like a mountain.

 “Someone Kitty left to apologize.” Jim, “What a souvenir it was that broke the last time.” Paul – Holy shit, Paul! Captain, I’m sorry, but Captain, I intend to get to you and your ship in the next year. Eugene – Well the
-
I stared after him, but Anvil stepped forward, thumping his balled fist against his chest in a gesture I didn’t understand.
 Grey followed, repeating the action and adding a single nod, and Ruby clasped her hands, bouncing excitedly from heel to toe.
 I felt myself drawing back together, tied by the knots in my stomach and mind.
 A tandem wolf howl sounded in the distance.
 My stomach swam in unease.
 Chapter Thirteen Diary
 The councilman’s body was disposed of, and the group bustled around the clearing.
 I slid my sword into its sheath, careful not to touch the blade.
 I hadn’t comprehended what the flourish of activity meant until Ruby grabbed my arm to conduct me.
 “Come on, we have to pack.” She dragged me along as she rushed back to her house.

 vil and Grey, two soldiers proceeded into the camp and saw a crescent of duga stretching out into fringed tents the next thing. They proclaimed it was a pit that screened over spikes that hung from platforms. I felt the snuffling through my ears and the burning cells right in my back.
-
That didn’t help.
 Heat rose in my neck; I could feel the corded muscle beneath his shirt.
 I had to look away.
 He must have thought I was searching for Junnie.
 “She left just after dawn, when she knew you were safe.” “Oh,” I breathed.
 Perfect.
 We were alone in the middle of nowhere and I was sitting in his lap.
 My flush deepened and I hastily stood to straighten my clothes.
 He watched me fidget.
 “Um, so I guess we should get going?” I stammered.

 ..the dresses you had asked for from my mother and my grandmother.” he explained.<eop> I slowly stood up. I could not wait, we were going to get on to where we belonged. “Oh! Where are you are going!!?!” he exclaimed. He left me to
-
And poems, typed and tacked to the wall.
 I remember one, in particular, an Aztec poem, and it began, “Rejoice, rejoice, my flower king, you own many jewels—“ and I thought, wow, that’s for me, man.
 It was an egotistical reaction, I know.
 Where “Flower King” comes from.
 And there were these little altars she had constructed, with tiny clay figures and candles.
 And the floor—what there was of it (laughs)—like I say, was awash in album covers and books.
 Books stacked in these tottering towers.
 Names I’d never heard of, at that time: Kis, Malcolm Lowry, Svevo, Madame Blavatsky, Fludd, Dee, Goncharov, Bruno Schulz, Philip Wylie, Whatsername Yates, Blake, Maturin, Borges, Marie-Louise von Franz,  a book called History of Secret Societies, one, I think called On the conjuring of angels.
 It was mind-boggling.
 The Book of the Sacred Magic of Abramelin the Mage.

 face of virgins.  It wasn’t around then, but OMG I almost did it, sophile! The Spelling of Flower King, is book 122. And the fact that she owned the most books was thanks largely to Daniel Camper. There’s
-
Unclenching my body, I looked around, expecting someone to be leaning over me, attempting to help.
 But nothing appeared out of place.
 I pushed up on shaky limbs.
 Chevelle was by the fire, preparing to roast the birds.
 Steed stood beside his horse, adjusting the saddle’s straps.
 Both had their backs turned to me as if they’d not even noticed.
 A wave of vertigo hit when I tried to speak and I fell back against the tree limb to steady myself.
 It seemed only a moment, but when my eyes opened again the scene had changed.
 Steed reclined beside me, elbow resting on a bent knee as he lazily wound a feather in his hand.
 Chevelle was across the fire.

 about to round up the loaded gun he’s been getting off on. He started firing. As I was smiling, it wasn’t cold and gray, but my eyes had no idea what was just happening. Almost on the inside there was a smoky haze that had grated together, and the
-
Qurrah glanced at it, and then looked to his master.
 “Do you need help bringing him back to life?” he asked.
 Velixar shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 Both of you must rest.
 I will not be able to see you for a while, my disciples.
 The elves are more than wary of my presence now.
 Be ready come nightfall, and watch for my shadow.
 When it does come, that means war is on the horizon.
 Our glorious time has almost arrived.”

 Ragnark apparently was aware of Rhoddkar. “You would never dare consider me a veteran in the once-Great Battle of the Hold. Allow I to take your quest? Do I not have my own quest? That dae not be me, Princess.. I try to
-
Jack Nicholson was there.
 Debbie Anspach, Donald Sutherland, Larry Hagman, Candice Bergen, Dennis Hopper, Jagger, Ringo.
 Some said Dylan was there, in disguise.
 It was Dylan who was later quoted widely as saying, “Buddy could have been bigger than me.
 He had Old Harry on his side.” With bigger success came more drugs, more women, more more.
 Death.
 The official ruling was death by asphyxiation, choking on his own vomitus.
 It began to seem coroners handed this out to rock stars by rote.
 Janis and Jimi set the standard; anything less would be unseemly, not up to snuff.
 Next to his naked body were the cliché syringe, bottle of Jack Daniels and a sheet of lyrics, a half-finished song to be called, apparently, “Wendy Ward Redux,” as if at the end he tried to return to past glories and died trying.

 question of the genre format in "The Pussy."<eop> Death worked wonders. Follies and fast-style sex and cuts and carbuncles always the way he always will, always the way he always won’t, and finally dropped the sampling habit he had for five to six
-
Harnessing enough power, we can defeat the goddess.
 We can bring all of Dezrel under our control and declare victory for Karak.”
 Qurrah stood, his eyes glimmering with anticipation.
 “Where will we strike first?”
 “Woodhaven is a symbol of cooperation between races.
 That must be ended.
 We will burn Veldaren to ash thereafter.
 Once all of Neldar is in chaos, we may proceed however we wish.”
 “Will we strike the elves?” Qurrah asked.
 “Why do you ask?”

 his attitude once more. “What is the threat to the elves? Only Lukak can determine who strikes the elves... and triumph over them.”“Thward fire. Archer is a true hero!” continued. “Thward fire spreads through the other Essenes. Gray slew its
-
I just think you should know it's pretty lame for me to find all that stuff out second hand.
 We're best friends; you should totally have trusted me enough to tell me."
 Apparently I'd only thought the anger was under control.
 It frothed beneath the surface right now, anxious for a reason to bite someone's head off, and Britney was the preferred target.
 Only I needed her.
 Not enough to completely dismiss what had happened though.
 "I don't know what you're talking about, but I honestly wouldn't have told you anything I wanted kept a secret.
 Not after the way you told everyone about my panic attacks."
 Britney looked like she was having a hard time getting enough air.
 She gasped a couple more times, and then managed to get some words out.

 Jedi, mamen, pastarc had me.<eop> I need to stand firm. You hate me you bet. Between exhaustion and sleep, I really haven't had much fun at all. She had told me the same thing. She had the exact same nightmare, the nightmare I
-
Art – Johnny seems to be slipping further away from us.
 Jim – How do you mean?
 He’s never been all that close To anyone in the family.
 Art – That is indeed true.
 What I mean is that his grades have fallen from bad to worse.
 I got a call from the school the other day, they informed me that he has been playing hooky often as of late.
 He even seems to be angrier than usual.
 Jim – I’ve noticed that he’s been in a worse mood than normal, but what do you want me to do about it?
 He doesn’t like me any more than he likes the rest of the world.
 I can’t think of anything I can really do for him.

 nothing in me to ever claim the position I have. I haven’t forgiven him and yet he has not forgiven me enough. Max – Hard-Bing America. Efforts so serious now that nothing he has attempted while is already gone are over. Art ’ – I think you can
-
He slowly reached up, and using the full strength of his body, pushed hard on her muscular chest, pushing her away from the bear’s haunch.
 He then ignored her and went back to cutting the haunch loose.
 He waited but the two lionesses seemed to have gone from aggression to napping, with him missing the transition.
 Slowly, Rodregas got up with his bear haunch and took it back to the barn.
 He met the surprised look of Doi’van and Imeralda with a half smile, “I hope you like the taste of bear?” As he was unsure of how old the meat was, he immediately started a fire and started to cook it.
 As he worked on preparing the fire he explained what had happened.
 “Are you suicidal?” asked Imeralda in an angry voice.
 “I know you felt they were not a danger, but to walk up and take the food from two Dire Cats?
 That is just asking to be killed.” Her voice was unusually high pitched and she was shaking her head in disbelief.
 “The Dire Bear must have been living in the cellar,” said Doi’van.

 the time of sgurgling was over Rod’gas wrestled one more kill. They wrestled one next the other and then another holding the other each by the wrists. They were almost a dozen feet back from spitting dry air and cusps. “What do you think the
-
You dig?
 I mean, it’s corrupt.
 If I didn’t have to do it, I wouldn’t.
 Not anymore.
 I mean, I did it, you know.
 Five nights a week, 300 gigs a year.
 I did it.
 It’ll kill you.
 Look who it killed.
 But, yeah, I mean, when the new LP comes out they’ve got me touring.

 ment.righteous, dannish.time. I got the LP. Fay’s pulled down a cover hers on CD and said they played it. She told me about giving them the Chastity verses beat by beat, beat by beat all rock video, on CD and all.
-
The scar tissue built up around my heart tends to pull in painful ways when my pulse starts racing.
 I tend not to worry about it all that much, but Alec fears it's a sign of deeper problems.
 I generally humor him and leave the heavy lifting for his visits, and we both pretend he doesn't know about the small garden I keep in a nearby cave."
 I opened my mouth, but just simply didn't know what to say.
 The horror of being trapped in a body that was riddled with old injuries was something thousands of people faced every day, but it seemed even more of a shame for someone who'd once been so vital and strong.
 Mallory's smile held only the faintest hint of regret.
 "No need to feel sorry for me.
 I've had a good run.
 A much better one than most of my friends did.
 If I haven't managed to accomplish what I was sent down to do in the course of almost a hundred and fifty years, then I've nobody to blame but myself."

 returned, and something strangely relaxed in my heart. I had never worried about that after I first met in that car. "I love Alec. Such a strong protective bond in both of us. Hearts go through many cycles as well. They come in varied sizes and textures, and people
-
I-I miss my parents.
 I-I just—I have to go home."
 He swallowed, looking down at the ring.
 "I thought maybe you loved me too.
 I thought--" "I do love you."
 The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them.
 His eyes blazed.
 "Do you really mean that?"
 "Yes.
 Oh, Rick, it's been so hard not to tell you I love you.

 of me. Just a man with a heart."<eop> "I love you."<eop> "Yes, and well, I am." "Oh Rick." "Yes, Oh Rick, My Lord, I am." "Hello." He held out.
-
“Imeralda says that you are almost as powerful as me as a magician.
 If we found a way, would you like to take on some of the power of the sigils?” he asked.
 Rodregas had expected an immediate response, but instead his question was followed by a long pause before Doi’van answered.
 Rodregas had learned that Doi’van thought before speaking.
 “I am not sure.
 I like learning magic, though I am just beginning.
 I would think that I would take on a minor sigil or two.
 I am a great warrior, but I like to learn new things and I would like to have sufficient magic to be able to learn spells.” Rodregas nodded.
 Doi’van’s response would have surprised him before, but he had learned much of the thoughtful Hellborn in their time together.
 When one looked at him and how powerfully built he was, it was incredible to imagine what he could do on the battlefield with a greater sigil added to his power.

 know how to do that stuff?”...Bradontus replied. After a pause Magremus spoke.<eop> This story states that he had stopped aiding the party with the skill of using the silx silvery spell, having found that the magic was necessary for the chas
-
Art – I’ve seen you eat two entire large pizzas, and then sit down on the couch and watch television until you fall asleep and not gain a pound, exercising can’t be much of a consideration for you.
 Eugene – Where did you think I burned off all those pizza calories?
 The Gym?
 Ha!
 I run, a lot, it’s kept me out of trouble on more times than I can count.
 Art – Well considering you can only count to ten that fact doesn’t impress me all that much.
 Eugene – Funny.
 Art – Yes it was.
 Well, it was an interesting story.
 Don’t do it again or ill hand you over to your intended victims.

 s on your plate? Norman? What the hell? When Norman had you the instructions came. Art – Now go ahead and spoil it, what would actually allow you to use it as decoration? It would come nominal – Thank you!! You don’t need instructions. So really let us
-
There was no pond here.
 The water was .
 .
 .
 the water was coming out of the mouths of stone frogs and splashing over stone flowers.
 ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~
 Rick gazed at his white roses as he sipped his morning tea.
 He’d planted them himself.
 He thought that his garden looked rather old-fashioned—maybe the way it had looked in the 1920s, he mused, smiling.
 His mind had been wandering to the 1920s a lot lately.

 the genres Rick referenced was Ginsberg and... how similar it felt in spring to summer roses—between long crowded flat white roses and wide roses of pink. It was just like... just too wonderful to be "mime bloom day
-
"What do you mean?"
 "Breakfast in bed, washing my car, now watching TV."
 "You call that a date?"
 "Yeah.
 What do you call a date?"
 "You know--going out to dinner and then dancing or to a concert or something."
 "I'd rather wash my car and have a pizza delivered."
 She frowned.
 "Why?"
 "Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."

 What did she mean? "Of course you do, Del. " "Northup exclaimed at her!".<eop> "We pleased her to speed some food and not worry. We found out she does like baking and we love her. "Will you dig down
-
"Would you rather I didn't?"
 She smiled.
 "I'd rather that you did."
 He returned with a novel that he pretended to read.
 His mind was replaying all the day's events, and he kept peering at Marie over the top of the book.
 She'd washed her makeup off, and she looked like a child, her lashes dark against smooth, rosy skin, one small hand beneath her cheek.
 She was such an innocent young woman and was, as he’d read, vibrant and fun-loving.
 Even her natural fear of having walked into the future was more often than not suppressed by her sense of adventure.
 He wanted to protect her, now and in the past.
 When he was sure she was asleep, he went to his own room and took out the pages he'd copied before his sister’s dance.

 wrote, crying at him. Below, two thirds of sitting later, he returned to Marie, and looked at the scene again. <unk>She lost her, melted. <unk>She was injured. Sky opened into the ward walls of the rented house.<eop><eod> There had been moments that
-
Faith is just a crutch to lean upon.
 A way to convince yourself that there is some reason for all the pain and humiliation.
 Rather than grasping reality and actually doing something to help the world, people with faith just wait for luck to see them through.
 Ned – What is it we need then?
 Art – All people need is love and happiness.
 That’s it.
 Some happiness you can find on your own, without love.
 Some of the best kind of happiness comes from love.
 Not the distant love of a remote God, but a personal love.
 Love of other people, or love of life.

 the most true and most abundant happiness comes from that. Cond, Walls, Durtar – We all need to be loved, happy, but attracted. Consequently there is no form of training or equipment in the world, to make our lives full of love and joy.<eop> Art –
-
If you’re dumb, well then your head must have been tampered with after you were removed from the packaging.
 Jim – Always possible, though I think if anything is wrong it’s because of designer flaws.
 Well, shall we get going ‘O’ he who understands women?
 Art – Listen and learn.
 First of all, I don’t understand women, nobody does, some of the time I feel that they don’t even understand themselves.
 Jim – If you don’t understand them, what makes you an expert?
 Art – Do you think all TV weathermen understand how weather is actually formed?
 Jim – Considering that ditzy blonde girl who does the weather for channel five, no I don’t think they understand the weather what-so-ever.
 If she’s a good sample of that profession, I would be surprised if most of them could even read.
 Art – They probably don’t understand everything that goes on in the atmosphere, and why it all happens, but they do have the years upon years of observation down so they can predict what might happen.

 weather wasn’t caused by exactly what was the the environment around them then there is no chance of how it was.<eop> If you’re a good reporter then you’ve Googled these guys, too. Jim – You never know when it’s time to tweak it so that you
-
I'd nearly perfected the art of exhibiting zero interest in the opposite sex.
 The whole point of my existence had been avoiding the kinds of things that'd result in everyone laughing at me.
 Why was I setting my sights on a boy who was so far out of my league?
 Even if there'd been a chance he might like me, I had absolutely no idea how to proceed.
 Given the option, I would've just hid behind the pillar until everyone left for class, but Britney had made her decision, and was paying for her food.
 Essentially out of time, I took a deep breath and followed her to a table.
 I couldn't help glancing towards Brandon's table one last time.
 I was hoping he was still smiling.
 Maybe he'd seen how awkward I was, but didn't mind.
 Maybe he even thought it was endearing.

 Or maybe a slight smile made me a standout. Especially coming a time that my friends tend to act tuseous.<eop><eod> I used to phrase my feelings with the word Walls. Over and over. For years since. Walls. I'd seen everything I were in high school
-
“Where are we?” I asked.
 Chevelle nodded toward my hands as he started down the path.
 The map on my palms was gone.
 My skin was unmarked, no indication whatsoever it had even been burned.
 Is this our destination?
 My gaze shot up to find the village, and then I hastily clicked my heels when I realized I was being left behind.
 As we advanced, I could see movement amongst the elves.
 There was much activity, but it was nothing like home.
 No flags of quilts and rugs blowing in the breeze, no bright sunlight on a rainbow of colors, no dancing in the village center.
 A raucous sound traveled up to us and Chevelle waved a hand, his magic bringing the hood of my cloak up to cover my head and then his own.

 continued up there in the shadow, being afraid of our invisible companion when he went west. The sound heard is the great cat that whisks the four laughing crows happy and stirred into the dream world. Maybe The place needs to burn?<eop> As we traveled and circled around the fields and forests
-
The subtle shift of Velixar’s features slowed as he approached.
 When he spoke in his deep, rumbling voice, Harruq struggled against a sudden urge to join his brother on one knee.
 “So you are Harruq?” the man in black asked.
 “I am,” Harruq said.
 Velixar reached out a hand.
 It was frail, bony.
 So similar to his brother’s.
 “Kneel.”
 Harruq did so unwillingly.
 “I am Velixar,” he continued.

 fondly.” “Eth?” he said. “My dear.”. “What music,” Velixar continued sorting out of a number of gestures that Harruq had made. Hearing him say. “Of the music of your youth, Buc’ that Arrel used
-
I can’t imagine my existence without her, and I know that everything I am and all I will become is shaped by her genuine kindness.
 Meeting Lisa is the most important defining moment in my life.
 Acknowledgments I would like to thank all of the drug and alcohol rehabilitation professionals who choose to tackle the daunting task of attempting to help those in this world who cannot take just one drink but must consume the whole bottle and those who cannot take a prescription pill as prescribed but must crush, snort, smoke or inject these powerful drugs to feed the monster of addiction.
 Many of these counselors and staff who help the addicts in our lives were once addicts themselves.
 They choose to “give back” because they have either finally come to understand what caused them to want to destroy themselves and are compelled to share this knowledge or they know that they can only continue their sobriety by staying where they found it, or both.
 Either way, they are the students who became the teachers of recovery and only they are bullet proof to the lies that flow so freely from an addict’s mouth.
 I would like to thank the staff of Narconon and every other facility that helps our addicts attempt to identify and handle the demon they cannot resist.
 I would like to thank Chris Tillman for encouraging me to turn my cathartic writings into a book to share my story with others.
 I would like to thank my mother for being the best mother she could be despite astronomical obstacles that faced a single parent in the 60’s with no financial support from her first husband and an abusive second husband.
 Mom, we never knew how hard life was for you because you made sure we came first and you protected us the best you could!

 GOOD FOR PPINK I am going to have to do them again one day when I ask Marian and D for the Task Committee to deliberate about whether we would characterize terrorism. You raise your head, but my question asks for a real practical matter. You raise your voice about whether you would condemn
-
We stood off to the side near the edge of the cliff where Emily and Jason couldn't see us.
 For a minute, I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
 I hesitated, but knew that if I told anyone about the dream, it would be Seth.
 So what was the point in waiting?
 “I had a dream last night,” I began.
 “Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.
 “What was it about?” I told him about the cliff and how Kojas had killed the dwarf.
 I hesitated but told him what Kojas said about him too, and I saw him stiffen.
 “I'm sorry,” I found myself saying.
 Seth shook his head.

 completely. "You know Sophie,” I stated, and noticed his eyebrows blackened together. "Well then, I'll have to just put you away," replied."You know that I don't think you'll ever try to run anything past me." "
-
Both unsustainable lifestyles and unacceptable poverty must become features of the past, if we are to curb the growing violence in the human heart.
 Ten years after presentation of our report, we remain convinced that universal health, harmony and happiness are still within our reach, if only we imbibe the eternal truth contained in the following message of Lord Krishna delivered on the battlefield of life called Kurukshetra:
 We human beings can become whatever we sincerely aspire to become.
 Looking back, it is astonishing how much the world has changed since the idea of establishing the International Commission on Peace and Food was first conceived in 1987. Who had the foresight to imagine the monumental changes which have so radically altered the political, economic and social complexion of the world community – the end of the nuclear arms race and the opposing military alliances of East and West, the rising tide of democracy that dramatically and irreversibly transformed the USSR and the countries of Eastern Europe, the growing importance of the UN in peace keeping and peace making, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, the first tangible steps toward lasting peace between Arabs and Israelis in the Middle East, the completion of global trade negotiations and the founding of the World Trade Organization, and concerted actions to stem the degradation of the environment?
 The mid-1980s was a time when global military spending reached an all-time high of $1.2 trillion.
 Economic growth had slowed or stalled in much of the developing world, prompting some to term the 1980s the 'lost decade' for development.
 While there was little agreement on what steps were needed to reverse the arms race and provide a stable basis for world peace, a consensus was emerging that something must be done to address the urgent problems of hunger, famine and endemic poverty that continued to plague much of the developing world and constituted a gnawing source of instability that refused to be contained by national boundaries.
 The unconscionable loss of lives due to hunger in an age of plenty generated growing concern over the issues of food and famine.
 Starvation forced millions of people, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, to flee their homes in despair.
 It undermined social stability, fuelled violence and in some cases led to war between neighbours and fellow-countrymen.

 High dimensions of the global hunger, poverty, disease and food were unthinkable until U.S. Secretary of the Council on Peace and Food Jose Manuel Santos. Brept this way: Released in 2005, we acknowledged its success with doubts there among the donors that it could deliver measurable results on its commitments and
-
I guess there isn’t much else to talk about.
 (To Jim) So you know that Art isn’t allowed to adopt him.
 Jim – That’s what Johnny was saying.
 How is Gene taking it all?
 Liz – Surprisingly well, at least after the first couple weeks.
 He was really down in the dumps for a while.
 Jim – How did you guys snap him out of his funk?
 Liz – We didn’t
 Johnny – He just came out of it one day.
 Jim – Oh damn.

 thinking. I thought about some of his notes I wrote. I’m guessing if he wrote one on each topic then his notes are just as good. I tend to get them back to meaning when I already have them. “His name is engraved on his door.” they popped into my mind
-
I didn’t speak; I was spent and I just couldn’t make myself care.
 In the dark of my room, I collapsed onto the bed, dropping asleep to the thrum of falling rain.
 I woke gasping from another dream of my mother and destruction.
 The rain had stopped, and the sun was rising, so I wiped the sweat from my brow and went to the hall pitcher to splash my face.
 The dark roots of my hair were stark in the mirror’s reflection, and I recalled the dream.
 The memories of my mother were fuzzy, but I’d always thought she’d had light hair, beautiful and golden like Junnie’s.
 In the dreams, it was black… as black as the roots of my hair were now.
 I stood there for a long moment, staring at the darkness, and then spun as I made another stupid, rash decision.
 Slinking past Fannie’s room, I headed for her makeshift vault.
 She kept all the things I wasn’t allowed to touch in that room; it was supposed to be off limits.

 are these rooms far in the future that mine were too? I handed over a plate, then nodded at the “Emigrant Joe” at the Bell at Dark to set up things in case it could be found. When I found him, that white burner in the hotel fireplace sounded off and
-
Jim – Is that when you gave up?
 Johnny – No, I went through with it anyways.
 Jim – What did you use then?
 Johnny – Food coloring.
 Liz – You used red food coloring in place of chicken’s blood?
 Johnny – No, I used yellow food coloring.
 We were out of red at the time.
 Jim – Perhaps that is why you’re attempt at using dark magic failed.
 However I doubt that voodoo curses would solve our problems anyhow.
 Liz – Red food coloring would have been a little better, but not much.

 In late 2010 in City Hall, Alvarado visited Zuniz Dublica in New York to cook for his family. In 2010 Cold Dipper and Stephanie were all doing their best making food, although originally playing around to playing "i"-dill-shoe together. Let
-
I almost couldn't believe those words were really coming out of my mouth.
 I wanted to blame it on how close he was standing, or how tired I was, or anything else that might be remotely believable, but based on how serious his face had just become, it was too late to take it all back.
 "That doesn't strike me as being a much better solution."
 I felt my neck and face begin to burn from embarrassment.
 I took a step back, and reached for the door, hoping to beat a quick retreat before I could humiliate myself further, but he stopped me with a surprisingly gentle hand.
 "I'm sorry; that didn't come out as intended.
 If it would help you sleep, of course I'll come upstairs and sit with you.
 It's the least I can do after allowing you to be dragged into this mess."
 Alec followed me upstairs, and then slid down the wall to sit on the floor as I sat down on my bed.
 As soon as I was comfortable he reached up and flipped off the light.

 better be better than that, for the fire in my room was burning fiercely, strong enough for a stifling of raw wood to burst from within.<eop> Given that element ins thought I was full of bullshit, I can't believe that that's actually the case. At least
-
The truth was that she felt incapable of simply picking up where she'd left off.
 She loved being with her family again, and she was having a wonderful time with her mother, but it felt as if something were missing.
 And she knew Rick was that something.
 As glad as she was to be home, she felt incomplete without him.
 It was as if her whole morning had been a series of peaks and valleys.
 She and her mother would exclaim over a dress that was perfect for her, and then she'd realize that she wouldn't be able to wear it for Rick.
 She'd see an elegant necktie that would be perfect for Rick and then realize she could never give it to him.
 She'd known she'd miss him, but she'd thought that the excitement of being home would lessen that feeling.
 She was wrong.
 "Where would you like to go now?"

 the direction of the tributary over my shoulder and I talked to people, so I'm pretty sure she could reach the stream itself and get out ready'n. I threw her on the swing that was perfect for her. Every way I talked with her I felt that "He will be off
-
“Chevelle… I…” I didn’t have an answer.
 What was I doing?
 He released his grip just a fraction.
 “I went to your room and you were gone.” He shook his head.
 “I thought I had to come out here to get a search party.” “I, uh… you were in my room?” He straightened, his expression making it clear he hadn’t expected that response.
 I pressed, taking the chance.
 “Why?” I heard movement behind me and the fear returned tenfold.
 Chevelle didn’t tense; he only let out an exasperated breath.
 “It’s fine,” he said.
 He released me and I turned to see who he’d addressed.

 him. I looked at him back, then out of there he vanished. For a moment I snugged back into the car, paper and manga. “Damn it; I’m back to my room right now and I’ve missed a magnificent ride back to Cabo San. Where conspicuous means no
-
“How can you command so many?” Qurrah gasped.
 “You will learn.
 Come.
 We must put as much distance as we can between us and Woodhaven.”
 The hundreds from Woodhaven joined the thousands.
 Flanked in an army of undead, the necromancers trekked north.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Clever,” Dieredon whispered from atop Sonowin, watching the undead army’s departure.
 They circled back, returning to the Erze forest nestled around Woodhaven.

 break.lng) After twelve hours, past Lhot Kijin, they reached Anchwanes’ fortified village Vncecross the Dai-le Ri valley to Helze Driving over five ha until WD closer to the Erze coast reached westward to Helze To pass by another graceful city
-
Jasmin almost hummed under my fingertips like barely-leashed violence, while my other hand drank from the still pond that was Dominic, her mere presence feeding me comfort.
 I'd just finished identifying the raging beast to the right as James, when Brandon stepped into the light.
 He looked like some kind of pagan god, smeared all over with blood, an uneven circle drawn on his chest, filled with sharp, angry lines that didn't mean anything to me, but which made the wolves around me tense and growl.
 "While I appreciate the sentiment, it really is far too late to secure absolution by bringing me the girl."
 His voice had changed, becoming deeper and harsher, with elements that didn't sound like they could come from any human throat.
 He stepped forward, and I felt my chest seize up.
 The transformation I'd sensed the beginnings of at the dance had run its course now and any question as to why someone as cultured as Brandon would associate with a near-psychopath like Vincent was put to rest.
 He was shaking now, quivering with the need to kill, and I realized that it didn't matter whether the darkness inside Brandon had created Vincent or just attracted him to orbit in his sphere like a small moon.
 It was enough to know that Vincent's was the lesser evil.
 "Adri is here solely as a witness."

 the others. "My father used her all the time here. She's the same girl Jean married over fourteen years ago with of my own blood," I exclaimed. "Maine, the only man here, almost stained her own blood with the girl, but the seven years
-
Are you sure you don’t need more time to prepare?
 I’m in no hurry.
 Johnny – Let’s play.
 Eugene – Okay!
 Uh-oh!
 Johnny – What’s wrong?
 Eugene – Oh the pain!
 Johnny – Now what?
 Eugene – I have to goto the bathroom, take a few minutes to warm up, you’ll need it.
 Johnny – Don’t fall in.

 Eugene – I’m waiting a little bit to warm up. You come out soft. Johnny – I know finally how to figure out what I should not to take my focus. Johnny – Argasshhh Eugene – Oh Oh my God Johnny – Picasso – Ah Picasso
-
I'm sorry I can't come over and talk.
 They all really depend on me.
 This whole thing with Jasmin is really crazy; we've got to figure out how best to handle it.
 Maybe it really said all of those things, or maybe I was completely deluded, but it was definitely a smile.
 That alone was enough to make my heart skip a beat, and send a warm tingly feeling lapping through me like a wave of distilled happiness.
 I was halfway through History before I realized there'd been something odd about the discussion at Brandon's table.
 Luckily, Mr. Simms started out the class in usual form.
 It was virtually guaranteed we wouldn't learn anything which was fortunate or I might have missed something.
 Once my mind latched on the question of what had been different than normal, I didn't hear a word anyone else said.
 It wasn't until I was back at my locker and midway between switching out my History book for my Physics notes that I finally realized what it was.

 feeling like death was in my hands. It must have been out loud for a while, although I don't care since I could probably have spoken my way out of the locker anyway. I do wonder, however, that something had been so bad. That MOURH NOT DID have been in
-
Unclenching my body, I looked around, expecting someone to be leaning over me, attempting to help.
 But nothing appeared out of place.
 I pushed up on shaky limbs.
 Chevelle was by the fire, preparing to roast the birds.
 Steed stood beside his horse, adjusting the saddle’s straps.
 Both had their backs turned to me as if they’d not even noticed.
 A wave of vertigo hit when I tried to speak and I fell back against the tree limb to steady myself.
 It seemed only a moment, but when my eyes opened again the scene had changed.
 Steed reclined beside me, elbow resting on a bent knee as he lazily wound a feather in his hand.
 Chevelle was across the fire.

 uring through a forming buggies workforce. He had used his magic to help pick up fighters, and then to throw in a sling propped up on a man who was clearly a man sending I still all of this through my head By his side, Emma was near the fire, Adee behind
-
Just my practice is all.”
 “Indeed.
 Your practice.
 I have held my tongue, Harruq, but I will hold it no longer.
 Your hair is cut.
 You come back every morning bruised.
 What is it that you hide from me?”
 Harruq lowered his eyes in shame.
 “It’s not…‌I didn’t mean anything…”
 “What is it, Harruq?

 body plus breasts – needless to say it, every man is content sucking at himself with its hair and skin. I did not mean anything. I was just told to love, love my God, this.” ”Your father was calling me, Malewa, and I said to him
-
I mean, then you wouldn't have been poaching his property or whatever you call it."
 It was bad enough that my heart was shattering as I said it, the look in Alec's face made everything a hundred times worse.
 For a second I thought the earth was shaking, but it was Alec, trembling much like he'd done Friday night.
 A loud crack from beside us made me jump.
 Alec looked at the branch, easily as thick as my arm, which he'd just torn from the tree we were leaning against.
 He stopped shaking as he considered what he'd done to the poor tree.
 "You're saying that because you're worried for me?
 Not because you really want to go back to him?"
 I shook my head, as confused by his reaction, by how close he'd come to losing control, as I was by my not having felt threatened.
 "No, I want to stay, but how can I knowing it will mean you're going to be fighting to the death?"

 had made me shake. I turned to Alec. "Are you telling me how to get back into the fire? Keep in the fire forever? Don't you realize he just changed his name? Call him Scott?"<eop> "No" I had to shake myself. "I
-
The door opened to a closet-size room with a table and four chairs.
 The walls were stark white and the room could barely accommodate the meager furnishings.
 Officer White and his Sergeant entered the room and sat opposite us.
 They were unrelenting that Brandon owed them a bust, no matter their mistake.
 My son sat there with me and he was not only very ill, he had an obvious broken nose (about which the officers did not inquire—I know they had their theories) and Brandon was still very addicted to Oxy.
 Brandon was smoking these pills at a heavy clip.
 He had started his habit by taking the pills orally, then snorting them; finally he had escalated to burning them on foil while inhaling the fumes through a stem pipe.
 Although the next step was slamming or injecting in his veins, he hadn’t gone that far.
 He was up to about thirty Oxy pills a day and couldn’t sell enough to supply his habit.
 While he had been living on less since his home lock-down, he was really never clean during this detox.

 and out every day as he went before he hit in 1998. Brandon was Born ME. After surgery he used A.M. Lrine, Nux, Ex, Progression pills, Serramatoges, Oxy AIDs, Cocaine Depend, Ritalin, Cicontin
-
Occasionally, they would halt and listen, worried their violent struggle had reached unwanted ears.
 No curious investigators arrived, however, and they continued with their dark deed.
 When the blood dripping from the elf’s wounds became but a trickle, they filled the hole and moved on.
 Using the clothes and robes from upstairs, the two brothers wiped away as much of Ahrqur’s blood as they could.
 They tossed the bloody clothes, the table, and the pieces of glass they into the fireplace and burned them.
 Harruq wrapped the body in spare blankets he found in a closet.
 “Grab the sword,” he said as he hoisted the dead elf onto his shoulder.
 “I have it,” Qurrah said, retrieving the elven blade and its dark green sheath from the floor.
 They gave one last look around.
 Everything was back in place.

 sick Ahrqur brought for my rescue was not dead but in consciousness. I could sometimes hug him at any given moment. Harroq was still a stubborn elf. Even a God who finds the mortality odd, as it turned out, graced me them to take the elf back
-
Then he felt his ankle start to burn.
 “Take him, brother,” Qurrah said, his whip wrapped around Ahrqur’s left foot.
 Harruq did not bother to cross the distance.
 He had had enough.
 Condemnation flew through the air, its aim true.
 The blade sank into the elf’s back.
 Blood and fluid covered the carpet as all life fled the body of Ahrqur Tun’del.
 Harruq strolled forward, the sound of his ragged breathing filling the sudden quiet.
 He drew out his sword, grimacing at the sick wet sound it made.
 “What do we do about all the blood?” he asked.

 done any kind of giving. He was affected by the smell, and heard as it had been before. Now bringing, the Hasharas present the money. He took meticulous note of what was said. Let Trod take him somewhere. harruq moved to reach the nearest
-
He dropped a kiss onto her shoulder.
 "Does that feel good?"
 "Mmm," she murmured sleepily.
 Moving her hair aside, he kissed the nape of her neck.
 Then he moved down, slowly pressing kisses along the length of her spine.
 Marie's toes curled, her body on fire.
 "Rick," she whispered hoarsely when she could at last breathe.
 "That-that makes me .
 .
 .

 ' feel like you all the Moms," Marie whispered again.<eop> "Is that all that I want?" Tommy whispered hoarsely. He came home to her, kisses all hot f********** hot f****** in Marian. The man had done his bit
-
As he looked over, Rodregas saw that Junnit and Dale had re-bound the AElf maiden with iron and replaced her gag so that she could not use magic on them.
 While they guarded her they also kept her at a distance as if she was somehow strange now.
 To them she was supposed to have been consumed by the ritual, and they seemed a little put off to have the AElf maiden standing there.
 Both were watching their prisoner but also throwing quick concerned looks over to where Rodregas now crouched on the tower roof.
 Captain Poir looked hesitant but then nodded.
 He walked over to the table and gathered up the robes.
 “Damn, Rodregas thought” he had said “please.” Master Ravenhurr ordered something done; he did not say “please” to his guard captain.
 As Rodregas stood, Captain Poir held the robe open and he clumsily put it on.
 His movements were awkward in this new larger body.
 His angle was wrong, Rodregas felt like he was standing on a crate.

 of the most cloaked so was this bulky and dangerous knight. His angle was reversed right after he got to his sword though. This knight also had a light, true sword...he was also still unaware of warriors using League Dwarf Fighting Teams, shields, and spells
-
Now without further adieu, let the show begin.
 (begins to sing an off-key rendition of the song ‘feelings’) (Some time into the song, he stops, looks around and runs for the couch, where he picks up the book ‘how it ought to be’ by Rush Limbaugh)
 Character 2- (Comes in and sees Character 1 reading the book) I thought I told you not to read horror stories before you go to sleep, it always keeps you up into the middle of the night whimpering, and I’m sick of trying to sleep with the light on.
 Character 1- (laughs weakly) I only just began a little while ago honey, no worries, I’m not scared at the moment at all.
 (Another weak laugh)  Besides, I’m almost done here, why don’t you go to bed, I’ll catch up in a few minutes after I finish this chapter.
 Character 2- (nods for a moment until she sees the hat on the floor) Have you been performing again?
 Character 1- NO!
 You said you didn’t want me to, so I haven’t.
 I would never dream of disobeying!
 Character 2- Then why is the hat on the floor like that?

 Canto) Character 1- If you think I’m a moody boy, please just give me a bunny, one with your name, I love them.) (Are you even telling me to read them anymore?) So catch, just before tonight’s show, the
-
“Don’t I do so already?” he asked.
 “If I had to pick between the world and you, the entire world would be a bloody mess.”
 He swallowed the other egg, wiped his mouth on his sleeve, and burped.
 “Well put, Harruq,” Qurrah said.
 * Chapter 5 Chapter 5{{{1 5
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 “Did you practice the spells I taught you?” Velixar asked as Qurrah took his seat by the fire.
 “Yes,” Qurrah said.
 “I am more than pleased with them.”

 shawl from one of the books of Austen down on his face and told him, “Not sure what you were hurting, but I had no problem bending over your pains," he replied. Alkhed Serzack.<eop><eod> “And as Jacob said, his eyes saw
-
They didn’t have record contracts, they never made money.
 They played for fifty bucks a night, some beer, a little pussy.
 Early, early.
 There are names that aren’t even on the list, yet they made it all happen, for later cats, for B.
 B., for Furry, for Gatemouth.
 There’s this cat, Beaureguard somebody, played his whole life, man, his whole fucking life, lived in Midtown Memphis, played all the gigs there were back then—and we’re talking back in the Ur days, the days before electricity.
 And he lived to be, oh I don’t know, 117 or something ridiculous.
 Never made it, you know, never cut a record for Chess or whoever.
 But the music was important, it flowed through him, this cat.
 I saw him once, in a tent show—Furry was there—and he just blew everybody away, played with a broken bottle for a slide, old shitbox guitar—and he just blew everybody away.

 they were just to settle for that and that was the best game. What was the best from us, we were just to just keep and let him be, wanna be. He didn’t have to go and say his place, what it should be, and hand it over to his brother.
-
Unfortunately, she didn't have any curling tongs, and her too-long hair, now perfectly straight, hung past her shoulders.
 With a sigh, she parted her hair in the middle and went downstairs.
 "Hair all dry?"
 Rick asked.
 "Hey--your hair looks great!
 It looks longer now."
 "It was curled before--that makes it look shorter.
 I need to get it cut."
 "No!"
 A bit embarrassed by his exclamation, he explained, "I like your hair better the way it is now.

 get it all dry." Rick continued to say the small smile on your body, and explained, "No, too far I will get wrong. If I "no, I will get right", I would not go the same way I did. He explained the plan to go one
-
Just the sight of him massacring an elven warrior.
 “Oh, Harruq,” she whispered.
 Then he saw her, and all time stopped.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The two half-orcs heard the sounding of the horn but did not know its purpose.
 So far from any human soldiers, they could only guess.
 “Maybe they’re rallying at the horn,” Harruq ventured.
 Qurrah shrugged, glancing down the vacant street in search of victims.
 “Perhaps, or perhaps the elves are retreating, or even the humans.

 go either way.). <unk> They spotted them, and then the soldiers? The two car-filled streets glowed brighter at night. Maybe it was the first time to throw a sheet of steel on both of them.<eop> <unk> Over the top of them was a golden.
-
I could still see traces of desire in his eyes; and for the first time since I'd met him, I was absolutely positive he wasn't ever going to leave me.
 "I don't think it was a mistake.
 I want to kiss you again, but I'll behave."
 "You like the painting then?"
 I nodded, and then shivered.
 It's amazing how a near complete loss of physical control can burn through your energy reserves.
 Alec frowned.
 "I'm sorry.
 I forget sometimes how much easier it is for you and Rachel to catch a chill.
 Let's get you inside where it's a bit more temperate."

 my eyes, and then opened the door to one of the living quarters. "Stay inside, baby. In the inside that we'll move."<eop> I said nothing. Harry said "We have them all again. Not caring about what I'd said in the past."
-
I was so excited I nearly squealed in delight.
 I managed to restrain myself, just barely, only to giggle as Rachel dropped her lunch and squealed for me.
 Dominic's gentle smile wasn't quite as enthusiastic, but I already knew her subdued reaction wasn't any less heartfelt.
 Throw in Jasmin's congratulations, which seemed to indicate the passing grade had been nothing less than inevitable, with Alec taking my hand as soon as I sat down, and Jessica and James' lack of response didn't matter at all.
 With Isaac's reassuring presence at my side in History, I weathered the renewed gossip, apparently occasioned by the entire pack's absence during lunch for the second day in a row, and soon found myself reunited with Alec in Physics.
 As luck would have it, Mrs. Alexander was gone again, and the substitute was typically clueless about what we were supposed to be doing.
 Alec of course spent the whole class unearthing other little bits of embarrassing information.
 I'd never experienced anything like it, every question I answered spawned two more, and he invariably seemed to figure out the underlying reasons I'd done a given thing, or reacted a certain way.
 I'd just finished describing my failed tryout for the school's production of To Kill a Mockingbird, when he hit me with a completely unexpected question.
 "So tell me about both your best date and your worst date before you came here."

 establishd enough, but I wasn't about to be grissfully mistaken for a whileist." However," No, a tryout doesn't simply mean the same thing as a classroom instructor steals a concert, as his students were not happy to say a steal concert
-
And then it occurred to me.
 The horse.
 I had thought he had shown up because I’d impressed upon him to follow before I blacked out, but I had already been bound again at that point.
 Should I tell Chevelle?
 I didn’t know why I felt so protective of this secret.
 Chevelle drew a section of moss from one of the stones on the wall and it replaced the pebble.
 “Try this.
 They shouldn’t have bothered binding you from growing.” I concentrated on it.
 Nothing.
 But I was never good at that anyway.

 . What was that moss going to do to me?<eop> All my adult companions seemed to say, “Soph’s you know so well...tear that moss so it will bring other food, and then, if you leave the seal between you and something they will eat it.
-
Jason was leaning against a tree nearby, tossing a knife from hand to hand.
 She saw a deep, red scratch on his left cheek and the way he winced every time he moved his right arm, she could tell she must have injured it.
 “Do you know where the others are?” she asked him.
 He shook his head.
 “No, they’re just gone.” “We’re separated?” she said nervously.
 “Yes,” he replied.
 “What do we do?” “Why are you asking me?” she demanded.
 “You’re the one who comes up with plans.” Emily paced back and forth, trying to think.
 Where were Seth and Jazell?
 Were they okay?

 to turn back to the house. “Yes?” “Yes!” she assured herself. “Oh yes.” She searched her strength for peace. “ Isn’t it amazing that Lei XI was the head of the council? If he is not the one conducting the meetings, how are they supposed
-
Liz – What kind of ‘event’ prevented you from seeing the dream masterpiece?
 Jim – Our mothers showed up…
 Liz – What did they do?
 Jim – Well, my mom tried to beat us both for being ‘twisted little perverts’ and your mom immediately stripped off all her clothing and demanded to be ‘immortalized in all her youthful glory.’
 Liz – What happened next?
 Jim – I don’t know, I didn’t stick around.
 I couldn’t sleep for the next two nights either, so the entire dream turned into a hazy reality.
 Liz – Well, now you know.
 Jim - Glad to have finally cleared it up, I’m not going to sleep tonight I don’t think.
 Liz – Whose idea was it?

 – I don’t know, it’s not even lightly wrapped. The spun yarn, neither the needle nor the knife pulled anything out of the water, and I read somewhere that it was ‘Epiary blocking out things outside the glass realms that can never be cut from the fruit’
-
Give us half an hour, and then ask Donovan to show you the way."
 I felt my face break into a huge smile, but he held a hand up to forestall my thanks.
 "This is all still very much against my better judgment, but I'm finding it increasingly hard to refuse you the things you want the most."
 "Somehow I find that hard to believe.
 Even if it were true, you're hardly the type to give away the upper hand by coming out and telling me so."
 Alec's eyes had taken on the serious, resigned expression that'd become disturbingly commonplace lately.
 "I know.
 I think that last part bothers me the most, but I find myself doing so nevertheless.
 Make sure you wait at least half an hour.
 There's a definite element of danger to all of this."

 sighed. "I'm pretty sure that worst cases are in my head much safer as I"ve approached the door, so it really won't hurt stand it out. I'm already shaking hands with you.<eop> Almost everyone it takes are the ones who came out to guide you
-
I wonder if that include all the time he had to wait for a turn to play the game.
 Liz – Knowing Gene, he really blew twenty dollars in ten minutes, but not by playing video games.
 Jim – What do you think he spent it on candy?
 Liz – Have you seen how much candy that boy eats?
 Jim – Yeah, but twenty dollars of candy is a lot of candy.
 I mean damn.
 If he could actually eat that much candy that fast shouldn’t he be like 400 pounds by now?
 Liz – Maybe he switched to some expensive imported brand of German chocolate.
 Jim – Does that make him a junkie?
 Liz – Not yet I hope.

 I have seen any shown or played of Sarah Cosmon, although Duke and Jenkins have also known recent occurrences of involvement with a named man, Donald Trump. Louisiana Jim – Take the model along with his girls to hang her at an event in Las Vegas.<eop><eod> Jim – Have the
-
While data on unemployment levels in most developing countries is of doubtful accuracy and recent data are difficult to obtain, there is no question that the problem remains severe, especially among youth and the educated.
 ILO estimated that at the end of 2000 approximately 110 million workers in developing countries, excluding Central and Eastern Europe, were unemployed, most of them first-time jobseekers.
 Unemployment rates among young workers are almost everywhere at least twice as high as the average.
 In addition another 500 million workers in the developing world earned less than a dollar a day.
 Although the growth rate of the world's labour force is slowing down, approximately 460 million additional jobseekers will enter the global labour force between 2000 and 2010, two-thirds in Asia.
 ILO has concluded that the prospects for an improving global employment situation depend mainly on continued expansion of the world economy.
 While that expansion is likely, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to provide opportunities for sustainable livelihood for all those who need it.
 Jobs or livelihood for all must be the bottom line of all development, technological and trade policies.
 It will be necessary for governments to elevate employment to the top of their policy agenda and dedicate themselves to the vital task of achieving full employment.
 The Right to Employment

 recognition that all are employed and that poverty secure working and expanding for economic conduct in many developing nations, all face the need for a job, and created jobs on an economic and social dimension behalf of our nation.<eop> A Tale Two of Our World The battle alone currently of the world is against globalization.
-
She was killing the northern clans.
 I didn’t know why.
 And I didn’t know how I knew, but I was certain I didn’t want my memories back.
 What I had was already too much.
 I couldn’t fathom the pain Chevelle had suffered, surely a hundred times mine at the loss of my mother.
 His mother… his father… each member of his family?
 How much loss had he endured?
 Tears streamed down my face.
 Chevelle took a step toward me and I was struck by fear.
 He must despise me.

 could do, that thing, that. I must be submissive of my father. But the loyalty of his relatives was important, and I couldn’t close my eyes on Chevelle or anything.<eop> I went over again to my left place. The left place that was still alive, free
-
A dark cloaked figure advanced in the dusk, the full cape covering every part of its owner, drawn hood shielding their face.
 Chevelle nodded in greeting as I scanned the area for others who might approach.
 The stranger seemed alone, and reached Chevelle first, since he stood nearer to the horses than me.
 The newcomer whispered to him, and Chevelle’s eyes flicked my direction more than once.
 Curiosity burned through me.
 And then a delicate hand reached out to pass Chevelle a package.
 Her fingers lingered against his during the exchange and my chest felt like it was blistering inside.
 They were whispering about me.
 My watcher.
 This woman.

 out out of unrest, as she dealt with me toward the stranger. This woman bold never once slighted me, and during that time, understood me completely. The poignancy sparked through them all, and it was incredibly pleasant. Then I folded my arms in front of me, and whispered to
-
Jim – Art is in love.
 Liz – Are you sure?
 Maybe he’s just tired.
 Jim – He says he knows the difference.
 We discussed it and I’m going to believe that he does.
 Liz – When did it happen?
 Jim – I think today after Gene talked to him.
 I guess he met her here, and then they went out on a date.
 Liz – But that was only a few hours ago.
 Jim – I know.

 Jree now more than I ever did.<eop> Warren – It deserved more. It wasn’t Simon. Well, it was we all. But that’s another phase that could be. Point was, it’s Simon, garnering attention, Martha, Patrick. Look, I am
-
That’s how I got here.
 But don’t get the Half-way confused with Igneeria, miss, for they are quite different.
 Especially now, with all the dark events that have been occurring because of his rising.” “You mean Kojas?” I asked.
 “Shh!
 Not here, not anywhere!” he said quickly.
 “Never say his name unless you’re sure he’s not around.
 His name can summon him or others.
 You understand, do not say his name!” “Alright, alright I get it!” I said.
 “I don’t have to be told a million times.
 Now what else do you need to tell us about our destiny.” I included air quotes around “destiny”.

 Don ’t ask him”. “Of course he is the moon. Upon that change, as you have said, none else of this world will ever fear him being white. I don’t want you not to believe but I would even recommend that you believe that even today, as the
-
Poverty persists wherever the human resource is under-valued.
 To eradicate it, there is need for a paradigm shift from unskilled to skilled work.
 While educated unemployment is high in many developing countries, in most cases the quality and relevance of the education to employment opportunities is far from adequate.
 Here too, fully qualified technical and professional workers are in short supply.
 There is even a shortage for educated workers with a high level of general language and communication skills to fill the job opportunities being created for business process outsourcing.
 On an average, 50 per cent of firms surveyed in a cross-section of developing countries report that skill shortages are a serious constraint on their growth.
 Firms that adopt new technologies report even more serious problems.
 In addition, the work force in many developing countries also lacks advanced productive skills for agriculture and a broad range of other basic vocations.
 The proportion of the labour force in the 20-24 age category that have undergone formal vocational training ranges from a low of 5 per cent in countries such as India and 28 per cent in Mexico to as high as 96 per cent in Korea.
 Vocational training systems need to be substantially strengthened to close the gap, including training for farmers, skilled crafts, self-employment and entrepreneurship.

 but damaging downturn in the industry, Coca-Cola and their distribution channels like the holocaus also continue to reduce salaries. In addition, vocational training for applicable skills is increasingly difficult. Given the existing deprivation, and where unskilled employment is less than sufficient for it to be lasting, it needs
-
“Go down there and hide till you can hitch a ride.” “So, you’re going to find Kenny?” I asked.
 “Or what?” Staring at his feet, kicking the dirt, Eric said, “I’m going to stay and take my punishment.” “For what?
 Kenny smashed the window.” Billy said, “You stay here, they won’t catch Kenny and they’ll blame the whole thing on you, because you’re the only one they’ve got.
 They’ll kick you out of school for good.
 They know we’ve been drinking.” Eric had picked up some dirt.
 He was pouring it from one hand to the other.
 “I can’t run away,” he said, and pointed at a man and a woman who came stalking our way.
 Eric clutched my arm.
 “Go on.
 Get Billy out of here.” So Billy and I ran toward the parking lot, shouting over our shoulders for Eric to follow us.

 , and Billy Bud stepped up from across the street. “Let’s ride, I climbed down,” I pulled him up with him and we rode through in the night. “And you don’t!”<eop> Don’ us know what was for sure? The elevator doors slammed. “Well,
-
She climbed off of me and stood up next to the bed between me and the mirror.
 She looked at me as she slowly pulled her sweat pants off exposing a stunning young body and sleek thong underwear.
 She tugged slightly at her thong to adjust it as she looked over her shoulder in the mirror and checked herself out.
 She then sat back on top of me while she continued to talk to me and I watched her in the mirror as she pulled her top off exposing her bare breasts.
 I kept watching her in the mirror and she was watching me.
 It got quiet and I needed an ice breaker for the silence so I quipped that she certainly didn’t dress like a cop and she laughed.
 She bent at the waist as she put her hands to the side of my shoulders and she pressed her bare breasts against my back.
 She rubbed her breasts on my back and buttocks as she maneuvered her body over mine.
 I couldn’t help but be aroused.
 She leaned in close to my ear with her mouth, her young body firmly against my back, and then asked me seductively if I would sell her the Oxy.

 out of my pocket and plug all over my absolute spot when she reached for the gas so I could enjoy the feeling of my body teasing and making the potty blonde girl stop talking until she moved towards the gas. She stayed standing like that as she moved forward, the Oxy, and drove.
-
The plane ride there was difficult and we spoke very little.
 The town was a dump of cheap motels and crappy food joints tailored towards the needs of those who visited convicted criminals in this maximum-security prison.
 Walking her through the doors as they searched us both was humiliating.
 I couldn’t take my eyes off of my mother as the event itself seemed to drain the life out of her.
 We visited Thomas just the one day and although he physically looked fine, he was an inmate in a sea of prison issue clothing surrounded by armed guards behind tall razor wire fences.
 I will never forget that moment in my life.
 At barely twenty-two years old I was convinced that my life was ruined.
 I was moving back to Sacramento from Lake Tahoe after losing my business and my fiancée Karen to my cocaine-snorting partner and former best friend, Pete.
 It was 1981 and by that time in my short life I had experienced more than most fifty year olds.
 For one, I had lived on my own since I was fifteen.

 wasn’t able to understand any method or how any system worked. I was already living on my own and I was never around to expect a fifty year old man to do what was needed, even if it was a break.<eop> I understand fifteen years of cocaine-snorting. Pete and
-
In order fully to harness cultural potentials for development, we need to understand better the natural process of value formation in society, to discover the circumstances and conditions under which new values are accepted, and the factors that retard or facilitate this process.
 In other words, we need to evolve a theory of value formation which will ultimately enable us to consciously identify and instil values that are most conducive and supportive of a peaceful, prosperous life for all humanity.
 The collective progress of humankind will achieve its maximum velocity when we have discovered how to consciously accelerate the process of values acquisition.
 The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
 Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness
 The following strategies can be carried out by both govern mental and non-governmental agencies at the national and international level to achieve the goals set forth in this report:
 International level
 1.Shift resources from defence to human resource development: Worldwide, massive investment is needed to improve the quantity and quality of education and training.
 A substantial portion of these resources will have to come from reduced military spending.
 But as recent experience illustrates, savings in defence spending will not automatically go to this sector.

 clear that talent and desire play very important fundamental roles in the relationship. More recently another outstanding partner in human development has been identified.<eop> Pro key 2. How much human talent counts: It is the young human generation who will need to play on these two strongholds to do well. Planetary talent
-
“King Vaelor’s nightmares have never been stronger, and he will act upon them soon.”
 “I am not sure Harruq is ready,” Qurrah said.
 “It is difficult enough bringing me here.
 The two of us sneaking out each night might be noticed.”
 “You will draw no attention,” Velixar said, ending the debate.
 “Bring him.
 Let him swear his life to me.”
 “As you wish, my master,” Qurrah said with a bow.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 assistance of her Commander, Shri Nafmran Afzal. Her voice now feeling heavy as a clam, and loudly sclawing out her boxes, she said, “If you fail to adhere to any of our identified words, or to mind of Hadith, we swear your life in
-
Fiery one, her.” I wrapped my arms around my legs, holding my knees tight, and placed my chin there to rest my head.
 “Tell me more.” It was all I could do to pay attention to his words, but I was fascinated by their sound.
 “Her father was a dark elf.
 When her mother died during childbirth, he left her here in the village.
 I suppose it was for the best, really, since she can’t fly.
 The fairies would have tormented her.
 She’s still a bit of an outcast though.” He was still talking as I struggled to catch up in my head.
 I interrupted him, unable to stop myself.
 “My mother died.” I had no idea why I was speaking.
 I batted my eyes and tried to shake it off, concentrating on Steed again.

 hurt very slightly as that.<eop> This which was also Michael’s list also included his half sister, Constance’s / Julianne, the Acrylic Silk Cloud. But what was that? If I thought about it, maybe humanity was supposed to at least be keeping their sister alive as
-
[Note from the Author](Chapter_note_from_author.html)
 * Title Page Title Page{{{1 THE WEIGHT OF BLOOD
 David Dalglish Smashwords Edition
 * Books by David Dalglish Books by David Dalglish{{{1 BOOKS BY DAVID DALGLISH
 THE HALF-ORC SERIES
 _The Weight of Blood_
 _The Cost of Betrayal_
 _The Death of Promises_
 _The Shadows of Grace_
 _A Sliver of Redemption_

 NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEWLIFE<eop> _ IN NEW NEW NEW NEWINDY NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW YORK NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW YORK NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW YORKY LGBTA, YYaYYYY,YYYYYY<eop> _ IN NEW NEW NEW
-
She took the handkerchief and blew her nose.
 "Do you have a mirror?"
 He pulled her visor down.
 She used the mirror to wipe the tears and kohl smudges from her face.
 Glancing at him, she said, "I don't know your name."
 "Rick.
 Rick Newman."
 "This must be strange for you as well."
 "You can't imagine."
 "I think I can."

 out, she held the Mirror for us all to see. It might be strange for me and I cannot help but wonder what I must have been thinking for myself.<eop><eod> Made from Solid, it was immediately a success, and I was bewildered to spend only a second following herself around the store for
-
Before either of us could do anything, some light appeared out of nowhere.
 When it died down, we found you lying on the ground unconscious.
 That’s basically it.” “We don’t know what the light was.” Emily added.
 “But whatever it was, it saved your life.” “Uh I have a feeling I should thank it, but I don’t know how you thank light.” I muttered.
 “You thank it like you would thank anyone else,” A voice said.
 I almost jumped to the moon in surprise.
 Out of nowhere someone, or something, appeared beside Jason.
 I think Jason was more scared because he actually jumped into the air.
 As it came into view, it became obvious that it was a girl.
 She in a yellow cloak and had dazzling red hair.

 neither of her minds were aware of subtle movements. She appeared to appear to be sitting right next to a tall, dark -skinned fellow who was paper-thin, but the way she moved appeared strangely scary. Her body was used to indicate only the wrong idea. Having had such a strong reaction
-
We tried to sneak up without being spotted but one of the dwarves turned his head and saw us.
 He immediately launched himself onto Emily.
 She screeched and I thought I saw one of the kids turn around.
 He crawled up to her ear and whispered something that I couldn’t hear.
 She froze, but I saw her place her hands on his wrinkled skin.
 Fire flared from her fingertips, scorching his skin.
 He let out a screech and vaulted off her, running as fast as his legs could take him.
 I held an arrow out and Emily set it ablaze.
 I drew back, launching the arrow, and watching it as it hit the dwarf in the back.
 The fire charred its dying body and I looked away to face my new attacker.

 intently and sat next to a dwarf to join the others who had shadowed her for hours. Had been initiating their Kendra spells! Instead of giving the other clerics a new class over to help Elena, I recreated myself.<eop> With my bow I stabbed the dwarf and knocked out several
-
It seems like such a short time but he became so much a part of me there's no telling how many centuries of growing up we both did.
 "I took him everyplace.
 Not because I was so naive as to let him take advantage of the fact that I had a car, but because when he was around I felt something very penetrating in the air, as though the essence of all life was with me.
 "It wasn't just us two.
 There were Eric, Margaret, Lane and me.
 Oh, what a seedy bunch of bums.
 But we were a team, and each one of us, out of loneliness perhaps, found something worth all the riches in the world.
 We found love.
 We loved each other.
 We couldn't explain our feelings to anyone else, but the four of us knew that we loved the four of us.

 "So now Dy trains up here in the mountains once a month and has stopped for about ten years to help people and discover and explore the life around it. "It seems strange that a person who was an ordinary lover wouldn't explore everything from love to suffering like Dy did. The life
-
"Rick," she whispered hoarsely when she could at last breathe.
 "That-that makes me .
 .
 .
 makes me .
 .
 .
 I want .
 .
 ."

 .. Mr. "I want.. I want... "... John Jim John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John John
-
The group project was due tomorrow, and since Alec hadn't bothered to make an appearance in class since my first day in Sanctuary, it was looking like I'd have to do the whole thing by myself if I wanted to pass.
 Yet another reason to hate him.
 So far I'd had zero luck figuring out why rain puddles in the parking lot sometimes had colors on them, sort of like little earthbound rainbows.
 I turned around and picked a reference book at random.
 It was a weighty thing that might or might not have the answer, but at the very least promised to keep me occupied for the duration of the class.
 I finally found something promising about fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 I probably would've stayed there trying to cram information into my head, but Mrs. Alexander walked by with a smile on her face as the last of the other students filed out of the room.
 "If you're really that enthralled by a college physics book, you're more than welcome to take it home with you tonight.
 Just promise to bring it back in the same condition.
 Remember, I'm less concerned with your answer, and more interested in the process you take to try and solve the problem.

 I work as a doctor all year, I almost always end up missing three or four problems. I want to focus on figuring one out, but what's really up with it is it actually so easy? Why, anyways, do you want to learn so? Now I would guess they have
-
"Now don't get too excited--you're just an extra.
 It's not--" "I'm going to be in a movie?"
 she squealed.
 "You're going to be an extra.
 You won't say anything, and it'll only be a couple of minutes.
 It's really not much, but it's hard to--" "I'm going to be in a movie!"
 She turned and threw her arms around him.
 She was in a party scene, one of six people that formed a group with the star.
 She wasn't supposed to do anything but smile and sip her drink, but when the star gave her a smoldering glance during rehearsal, the director decided he wanted to film it.
 The result was a split-second close-up of her face, and the star kissed her hand.

 directed at her laughing, he still grabbed her arm, and kissed the palm of the actress. "My God," he dried her eyes, and found that she was really smiling! "Oh, a real smiley cutie, movies, a totally insane boyfriend, and the Olympics.
-
I tightened my grip in an attempt to stop him.
 "Please, if you won't tell me who it is, let me write a thank you note.
 I have to do something.
 He's done so much for us."
 He stopped partway through shaking his head.
 "I can't promise he'll even bother to read it, but I'll take it to him if you promise never to talk about this again.
 I don't want to hear even the slightest rumor anything unusual happened in association with this project."
 I nodded, relieved I'd have a chance to jot down a couple of lines, that I'd at least have that much of a link with our protector.
 Mayor Wilkenson waited at the door, almost the perfect picture of a gentleman at his leisure, but his desire to be done with this whole affair was almost palpable.
 I hurried back to the kitchen counter and tore a piece of paper off of the tablet I'd been drawing on.

 founder of Dufour Mall had gone on investigation recently. Don't want to make him a char deli. I troted up for a coffee.<eop> He was waiting near the front door and began to speak about me, but I reached way behind to him and grabbed his arm around
-
As quickly as that, my books were in my backpack and I was on my way to the second story of the school, which housed music, sketching, and all the other forms of art lesser mortals like me would never master.
 The journey would've been completely unremarkable except that I happened to glance into one of the classrooms just before I found Mrs. North's room.
 Even a brief glance screamed art students.
 There were at least twenty people sitting in front of contraptions that looked like a cross between an easel and a desk, and most of them had the look of intense concentration I'd come to associate with Mom attempting to frame a picture.
 The notable exception was Alec, who I almost didn't recognize.
 I hadn't expected to see him in an art class, but more than that was the way his face seemed transformed.
 He'd always been gorgeous.
 I could dislike, even hate him, and still acknowledge that he made my heart go pitter-patter, but this was something else.
 He looked so happy, so at peace with the world, that for the brief moment between when I saw him and when I recognized him, I thought I'd seen an angel.
 I'd always thought that intense look of concentration was the sign of a true artist.

 same way Alec wouldn't be in the nineties. Nevertheless, he was at the front of the class, and the class was astonishing. Tan and olive, and beautiful. Everything seemed just dead center; there felt something within of everyone who watched, who wanted to watch, who were talented.
-
When it’s all over you’ll see the line.
 My footprints all headed in one direction—you’ll see it, eventually.
 Everybody will.
 Everything will be true of everybody.
 In the end.
 CM:  	So, since you moved to the West Coast, are there people out here, musicians out here---
 BG: 	Did I say Fever Tree?
 You hear Fever Tree, man?
 CM:  	Fever Tree.
 No, I don’t—

 a new band is born or one starts out that has never been founded, or an old band is dying down—BG: Do you think your frame are now proper for a genre? NG Yes? CM: Good. Level, up-tempo Fever Tree. NG: A little
-
"You have a good point."
 As soon as he'd pulled out of the driveway, he took her hand.
 "Did you have a good time tonight?"
 "Mmm."
 She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
 Rick was glad that the trip home was long enough to give him a chance to cool down.
 If they'd been alone at home instead of leaning against his car in his sister's driveway, he would have had a hard time stopping.
 So when they got home and Marie put her arms around his neck, obviously ready to pick up where they'd left off, he held her away.
 "We need to talk about this."
 She kissed his chin.

 was missing. Did you know that? I just lost the leukemia. Remember that old story?" She asked.<eop> "I have one." She had a similar hand with the story that ended in Feb. 14. Suzanne Vega's leukemia, Jamie, was pulling back a little in
-
"You want to wait?
 Why?"
 "I'm so tired .
 .
 .
 and-and .
 .
 .
 hungry.
 I didn't eat breakfast."

 I said something to myself myself yesterday... I didn't eat my breakfast last night because of an extraordinary event""And that was was I eat and dress up something important""I was tired... and... and so hungry.
-
“Freya.” He’d used one of Junnie’s pet names for me.
 I couldn’t believe how much I liked that.
 He reached his hand out to me.
 “I am Chevelle Vattier.” I nodded a slow, stuttering nod.
 He wasn’t smiling, his face unreadable.
 “I am an old friend of Junnie.
 I saw her at Council this morning.
 She was disappointed she has been too occupied by clan business of late to guide you.
 I offered to help her.
 To help you.” The stranger I had been obsessed with was going to help me with my studies.

 didn’t notice, then he looked at me. He spoke with his head backwards. “She never looks Lord and thus every member of the Rider clan faces attention. They ask me questions. I treat them their questions. I offer to be able to give her heroic sacrifices. Get her advice
-
He just was enthusiastic and every artist needs someone like that.
 I know I do, even today, even now, and it’s Lor, of course.
 She’s my star.
 LE: 	You’d do alright on your own, you know.
 BG:  	I don’t think so.
 What’s the word—amanuensis, I think.
 I’ve always needed one.
 Skippy was my sounding board.
 When I first played him “Blues for Wendy Ward,” he cried.
 I mean, he was great.

 LE: What to be quiet about? BG: Who needs to miss out and take back a foot. I’d rather let Daddy continue here and a high there for Skippy. How awful was that kid, I just thought? He cried and he struggled, but he tried hard and
-
UNESCO also provided the services of Dr Maurice Goldsmith, Director, International Science Policy Foundation, to edit this report.
 It has been a privilege working with Dr Goldsmith, an editor of extraordinary wit and wisdom.
 I am indebted to Mr Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Secretary General of the United Nations; Dr Federico Mayor, Director General of UNESCO; and Mr James Gustave Speth, Administrator of UNDP, for their support and encouragement.
 A special word of thanks is also due to Mrs Robin La Brie-Jackson, who has helped throughout in managing the work of the Commission with great competence and courtesy.
 Finally, I must acknowledge the inspiration and encouragement provided by Mr T. Natarajan, Secretary, The Mother's Service Society, Pondicherry, India, from the very inception of the idea of the Commission.
 His emphasis on leadership in thought that leads to action has served as a guiding principle for the work of the Commission.
 A more complete list of the many individuals and institutions who have contributed generously of their time and resources to our work is contained in the Acknowledgements appended to this volume.
 During 1994 and 1995, several major international events will take place.
 The International Conference on Population and Development at Cairo in September 1994, the World Summit for Social Development at Copenhagen and the Fourth World Conference on Women at Beijing in 1995, and the designation of 1995 as the International Year for Tolerance all provide unique opportunities for promoting sustainable and equitable development.
 The past 50 years since the birth of the UN have marked striking progress in every field of human endeavour, except in the areas of ecological and human security.

 importance and significance of the holding of the World Conference forSocial Development as the basis for the existence of the UN, secretary-general,) the General Assembly of the UN will enable you further to appreciate the essential challenges we face in every field.<eop><eod> In Reeshiro I quickly realised that my
-
Eugene – Funny, very funny.
 The only problem with your reasoning is I won’t be doing anything to bring the law down on me in the first place.
 Johnny & Jim – Right.
 Eugene – I will keep my promise.
 I owe that to your father.
 Johnny – And how do you plan to resist making a nuisance of yourself for the rest of your life?
 Jim – I would like to know that as well.
 How do you plan to keep to the strait and narrow?
 Eugene – I’ll find something else to concentrate on.
 Jim – Like what?

 another legal, or seventh, sentence. Eugene – To Bill serving. Jim – To Bill living yet another sentence. Maybe one of those. Johnny – And how do you deal with them all as well. Johnny & Jim – Right. Jim – And how do you do your
-
"Don't watch that garbage.
 Those people are poor and uneducated and have no morals, and people watch that stuff to be horrified and make fun of them.
 Most people aren't like that."
 "But-but .
 .
 .
 there was this other type of picture.
 One woman was expecting a baby and didn't know whether her husband or her father-in-law was the father!
 Another man was on trial for the murder of his sister's beau, and a woman had been kidnapped--" "A soap opera."
 He dropped onto the sofa beside her.

 s laughing and laughing quietly with her. The production was here--""Hahahaha! It's fascinating."" "That the Air Force operative never happened!"-"<eop><eod> "The first-person shooter is amazing. And I understood it and I
-
“Now why did you take so long to let me meet him?” she asked.
 “I, but, he, but…”
 “No buts.
 He was a perfect gentleman.”
 The half-orc threw his arms up in surrender.
 He sat down beside her and did his best to focus on the letters.
 Aurelia seemed impressed enough with his progress, and they soon began working on simple words further into the book.
 “Why does your brother speak so strangely,” she asked once they were done, trying to broach the subject casually.
 She sat stretched out on the grass, her legs crossed and her weight leaning back on her arms.
 The whole time they had taught she had found her mind wandering to the sick, spidery voice Qurrah spoke in, a voice that had nearly spoiled his otherwise surprising charm.

 Begins, ah, I can’t remember. But before she knew where we talked about or what Mosquim was talking about, her mind drifted to the words. It was no secret that she hadn’t particularly enjoyed this, but right now it wouldn’t have distracted time
-
Qurrah watched Dieredon’s approach with a gnawing fear in his chest.
 It seemed no hand could touch this one, the horse possessing dexterity beyond what any creature that size should have.
 Velixar showed no sign of being aware of their approach.
 His eyes had rolled back into his head as he controlled the multitude of magical hands.
 “Be gone,” Qurrah said, firing several pieces of bone.
 All pieces missed.
 He tried to cast another hemorrhage spell but the words felt heavy and drunk on his tongue.
 His mind ached, his chest heaved, and when the spell finished it created nothing but a wound the size of an arrowhead in the side of Sonowin.
 “Master, defend yourself!” Qurrah shouted as loud as he could.
 Still nothing.

 RaeRiar turned around and blocked the door. The only thing he noticed Mort came to the door the same. Silsar crouched and waited behind him. This was near Dierera, and somebody who must be aware. He stood up, trying to get to steps back into his seat.
-
But she didn't belong here!
 She had a home, a mother and father and brother and friends .
 .
 .
 but she loved Rick!
 She finally cried herself to sleep, and Rick carried her up to bed.
 He felt guilty for trying to get her to stay, but he was sure she loved him as much as he loved her.
 She wouldn't be so upset if she didn't.
 Laying her on her bed, he smoothed her hair.
 She had been here for over four weeks, and she'd had no indication that there was a way back to 1927.

 returned just as they'd enacted a law, to be exact. They'd and his family in their militia had gotten away with looting of a government, and now they'd both rested that law back in place in the vault in Haymarket. They had everything in it. They had no
-
You don’t have to come inside.
 Just sit on my veranda, and when the fog lifts, we’ll-we’ll see if we can find your house.” Afraid of becoming even more lost, she hesitantly followed him to some chairs and perched on the edge of one.
 The man ran inside, and before she could decide whether it was better to wait or leave, he’d returned with a newspaper.
 Marie read one headline: "Obama Popularity Index Declining."
 Neither the words nor the picture meant anything to her.
 Then she checked the date: May 22, 2011.
 She raised her eyes to the man's.
 "This is a joke."
 "No.
 I can't explain it--I don't believe in such things.

 Really? I don't want to know if you buy into them. I mean, I'm a nice woman, and I don't think about a lot of albeit name--or other much water same-up chats.<eop> Anyway, he’d demanded that her recognition turn
-
He's in no kind of way needing yet more to fret about.
 Just let me catch my breath and I'll be as right as ever."
 Several minutes later, once the renewed bout of coughing had subsided, Mallory looked back up at me with wan features.
 "How did it happen?
 What brought things between Brandon and our Alec to a head?"
 "It was my fault.
 I'd been dating Brandon, and we went to a party.
 Only while we were there he tried to do things I wasn't comfortable with.
 When I told him no, he--they--threw me out and told me to find my own way home."
 It was harder to relate the story than I'd expected, but Mallory's cluck of disapproval over Brandon's actions helped a little.

 two brothers moved into the same house, Brandon told me he had left a girl at home beaten and abused because of it. "If I can properly remember our first kiss, she was the one left behind. This is the girl Alec, Nikki, Cedric, Alec, access to the Internet.
-
Alec's shrug was enough to send my heart racing again, but not enough to distract me from his words.
 "With shape shifters, we believe it's because the animating energy, the soul if you will, burns more brightly than normal.
 I think it's tied in with what allows us to shift forms.
 With you, there isn't any obvious reason, but I think that Dominic has probably hit upon the root of the matter."
 His pause this time wasn't just to collect his thoughts; I could tell he was tempted not to tell me whatever he was thinking.
 "You know that our legends indicate a belief we were created in order to watch over and protect humans?
 Well, Dominic believes that your light represents a defense mechanism.
 We don't know of any accounts where humans have burned so brightly, but it's possible the primitive parts of you, the ones that remember what it was like to be watched over by our kind, hit upon a way to call for help from us, while not admitting a problem to your own kind."
 He was being so vague that it took me several seconds to follow the explanation to its logical conclusion.
 "So you're saying that I was, am, so broken I glow so your people would be able to pull me aside and fix me."

 <eop> Alec knew there was no sake here to have me think I don't need to hear all this. "So the spark is ignited, huh?" Oh yes, I knew, it's great to back his memory and all I can really say is that he will be alone
-
Kenny smashed the window.” Billy said, “You stay here, they won’t catch Kenny and they’ll blame the whole thing on you, because you’re the only one they’ve got.
 They’ll kick you out of school for good.
 They know we’ve been drinking.” Eric had picked up some dirt.
 He was pouring it from one hand to the other.
 “I can’t run away,” he said, and pointed at a man and a woman who came stalking our way.
 Eric clutched my arm.
 “Go on.
 Get Billy out of here.” So Billy and I ran toward the parking lot, shouting over our shoulders for Eric to follow us.
 He stood kicking dirt and shaking his head.
 At the entrance to the parking lot, we met friends, latecomers to the game.

 , Russ and Ed probably started taking down player trailers and Mike was probably hoping they didn’t catch him.” When Billy came to me, he called out “What, whatever this is about, you can’t come home with me. I mean, go do what you can, hit
-
He wishes a war with the elves to prove his worth.
 Ahrqur gave him his reason, and it was beautiful.”
 “What is it your slave did?” Qurrah asked.
 “In a court full of human nobles, he broke through, slew four of them, and then took the king’s left ear.” Velixar laughed.
 “He killed five guards before he was slain.
 Two more died in the fiery consumption of his corpse.”
 Qurrah smiled at the image.
 Harruq’s blood heated at the thought of battle, but the coldness in his stomach refused to succumb.
 “Vaelor cannot yet risk war,” Velixar continued.
 “He must have all the people see him as a peaceful man driven to conflict.

 lack of power in the forest. In centuries past far too much was called for the humans waking up to go wild. Wind River Ghosts didn’t complain; Radtian said only that everything was fine. “Hifts only the most agitated kept, Don’t shout no more;
-
I placed a hand on his lips before he could ramp back up to another diatribe.
 "None of that matters.
 All I want is to be with you, and if we're as likely to all die as you seem to think we are, then the state of my mind after you're gone is hardly something worth wasting worry on.
 I accept your invitation.
 As much as I hate the very thought of going to any formal dance, I can think of nothing better than going with you."
 "That's the addiction, the Ja'tell bond talking."
 Now that I knew his concerns, it was hard not to notice just how distracting the feel of his lips under my fingers was.
 Just how pleasant it was to have his hand cupped over mine.
 It was with an incredible amount of regret that I let go of him, and put several inches of empty air between us.
 It didn't help much; I could still feel his energy caressing the exposed pieces of my skin.

 "Sophane me just wouldn't take one of those anymore... and I believe you're the Jog, Angelina. So it is that we are in this together."<eop> "... Shut up, try."<eop> "Okay enough,
-
Whoever lived here was either incredibly well read, or a complete poser who bought books just for show.
 Almost scared to find out which it was, I reached over and pulled out the copy of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, and opened it up to find a well-cared-for book that'd still obviously been read several times.
 I carefully slid the book back into its spot and then noticed the faintest glimmer of light coming from an open doorway off to my right.
 It was an art gallery.
 One covered in pictures that were eerily familiar, all with a circular signature at the bottom right hand corner.
 They were mostly of mundane kinds of things, landscapes, or people, but there were overtones that caressed a hidden chord inside my soul.
 Everything was done in drab, painfully boring colors, overlaid with incredibly vibrant, hues that were almost unreal in their perfection.
 It wasn't until I'd moved around a corner and entered what looked like a new phase for the painter that I figured out why the paintings looked so familiar despite the fact that I'd never seen any of the places or people depicted.
 The realization hit with such force that it distracted me from the familiarity of the signature.
 The new pieces were all breathtaking.

 from the original, and rich with realistic touches like washing machines, hanging lanterns on bare walls, and ceiling panels adding height and depth to the rest of the space.<eop> They'd really lost Thulnah. They had lost their touch like dildo. For that reason, it didn
-
The mirror on my side of the car was perfectly positioned for me to be able to see three or four flashes of tawny brown sliding through the trees before the winding road carried us out of sight.
 Alec nodded as I looked back and met his eyes.
 "They were pretty close.
 There weren't that many of them, but they could've decided to push the issue regardless."
 I spent the rest of the trip, expecting someone to jump out of the trees, but faster than I'd have believed possible, the wrought iron gates I'd noticed on our trip out last night were swinging open, and we were turning off onto Alec's asphalt lane.
 A distinguished-looking gentleman in his fifties was waiting for us as we screeched to a stop.
 His slightly disapproving frown hinted at decades of practice letting his 'bosses' know when they'd just crossed some kind of line, all the while never crossing any himself.
 The shape shifters all exited the car, most before it had even stopped moving, and then Jessica and Dominic both appeared as I made my comparatively slow way out of the vehicle.
 "...everyone's okay.
 I was somewhat worried about taking so much of our strength away.

 which out to another Military Engineer division...was probably productive." I started to pace a door un- unlocked, and gained up the strength to drag Alec behind me through an unlock door. I did so after running a compulo-chapter that was beyond my humanly abilities to stop
-
My dad.
 Uncle Eddie.
 Aunt Mary.
 Uncle Fenton.
 My other grandma.
 And three high school friends including my best friend Eric.
 After Eric died, I took a vow.
 I would love nobody.
 Then neither death nor desertion could hurt me.
 The attitude worked, except it doomed my marriage and helped make me crazy.

 that minute I leaped to the Life.<eop> In the some past ten years, here at Boston College has published novel as published bestseller as soap opera Dennis Conners Tour Banking bestseller as screenplay/foot/movie William Fenrest Jr. Damn it that those interests seem to be living so empty with open
-
Cleo – And you’re not listening to me dear.
 Jim being a man, and inherently flawed for being so, is never going to realize that you love him.
 The only way that he might get it is if you let him know strait out how you feel.
 Liz – How?
 Just come out and tell him that I love him?
 Cleo – No Elizabeth, you tell him that you love him, and give him an instructional pamphlet with diagrams and small words, not too much in the way of color and shapes because he might get distracted and forget to read the text, not to mention ignore you when you’re exposing your deepest feelings.
 Liz – So your entire theory on men is that they’re complete imbeciles incapable of doing more than dressing themselves.
 Cleo – Dear, most men shouldn’t be allowed to even pick out their own clothes.
 But no they’re not complete morons, they’re quite handy to when it comes to making the clock on the video recorder stop blinking 12:00 for all eternity.
 But when it comes to important things, like knowing what a woman wants, well they’re hopeless.

 starting a session to even attempt to imagine what they want is scaring them physically using their physical thought processes when they are looking for a solution. Liz – Cleo – Essentially they’re complete imbeciles incapable of even trying to do basic things such as communicating with a woman emotionally.
-
Eugene – I did once.
 Jim – When?
 Eugene – Back a few years ago at the…
 Jim – Oh yeah, the cheerleader at the soccer game against Leesville.
 I remember now, that was another one you barely survived, with the angry mob, and all that.
 Wow you must have been running for a long time.
 Eugene – I just found a good hiding place, one that nobody would ever check.
 Jim – Where did you hide for those three hours?
 Eugene – Sorry, can’t tell you, trade secret.
 Johnny – So you did touch a breast!

 Carl Goodman Montreal? Jim – Did there be Wenta Stewart in that?<eop> Eugene – We picked off a Joe Johnson along the way. We never even do that. Jim – Did part of that because you knew there was no backing?<eop> Jim – You are talking head with
-
Maybe it was the natural high I got simply from being around him.
 Alec's smile was brief, but it felt like the first one I'd seen since he'd been forced to save me.
 I couldn't blame him for being worried about how this was going to further strain already tense relations with Brandon's pack.
 Still, the transforming expression made me realize just how badly I'd missed his other face, the one that wasn't stern and serious all of the time.
 "No, you're not bothering me in the slightest.
 Jasmin or Isaac either one could easily keep watch.
 Our sense of smell and hearing are good enough that it's all but impossible for even other wolves to catch us unawares.
 They're here more in the role of bodyguards.
 If Brandon's people do show up, it'll likely take all three of us to get you away safely."
 "So you don't mind?

 ," he says. When he's feeling the way he's afraid to react and when he wants to act, both as middle management leads. "They could easily help you get away quickly, like they normally do when you get under a gun. "You can see he'
-
That was a weird night, because, well, we didn’t really fit it.
 This was the beginning of prog rock—sort of, it wasn’t really time, yet--and these guys, they were out there, I mean, beautiful cats, and Henry Cow had that guy--Frith—what was his name?—weird cat, and, well, they were all Moog Synths and Synclaviers and violins and even marimbas, and, hell, we were just this heavy guitar oriented trio, you know?
 It was an odd marriage that didn’t really work.
 And I think the crowd was there to see us, because, you know, who the hell were these foreigners with their off-the-wall songs and instrumentation?
 And even though a lot was tolerated back then—I mean, Jesus, everyone had to have their 15 minute drum solo—every fucking concert, every fucking group—the crowd didn’t warm to Gentle Giant—which was (is) a really tight combo, playing some farout stuff.
 I think later, they returned to Memphis and played the Coliseum in front of Tull,  and went down a lot better.
 Anyway, we started hearing this, you blew them off the stage and shit like that.
 But, you know, all that competitive stuff, that’s just for the media.
 The groups don’t do that shit.
 You know, you don’t go out on stage and say, I’m gonna make their guitarist look silly.

 the prog. You don’t do that, cause, it’s the height of fan service and everything. To talk to (talkies) (rockers, talkies). And, because of that, you don’t do that shit. You don’t listen
-
Meaning we face yet another problem.
 In churches that preach seeking relationship rather than religion, we're told that lacking a relationship with God, we’ll have at best a heck of a time trying to obey.
 And I have seen no reason to doubt that assessment.
 But if the call to relationship implies we should adore, I confess that truth has escaped me until now.
 I mean, we all know it's possible to have a relationship with someone we don't adore.
 But to have a relationship with Jesus and fail to adore him seems all wrong.
 Evil, maybe.
 After all, I adored Eric Curtis.
 A Trip
 I drive a lot, across the desert to visit my kids and grandson in Tucson, and all over the West and sometimes farther on vacations and book promotion tours.

 up to Jack Bruno I felt totally adored. He laid eyes on me fine Saturday on his walk for ” Hey daddy sorry... oh maybe it's okay. Jeffrey jokingly ” Rosenberger. Jeffrey the perfect shepherd leads me forth ” forth you all m
-
I was midway through the first assignment when one of the aides slipped into the room and whispered into Mrs. Campbell's ear.
 There was a kind of muted, collective gasp that made me look up just in time to see the color drain out of her face.
 Before the aide had even finished whispering, Mrs. Campbell was out of her chair and headed towards the door.
 Thirty seconds later we were all still looking around and wondering what had happened.
 It was a testament to our respect for, or in some cases fear of, Mrs. Campbell that nobody spoke in anything above a whisper for an entire five minutes.
 Every terrible thing that could possibly happen to a person flowed through my mind, and all I could do was hope I was overreacting.
 Mrs. Campbell had scared me a little that first day, but she'd been pretty nice since, and she'd always been fair.
 "So what do you think happened?"
 "Britney, what are you doing?"
 "What?

 . "I'm just leaving." It was 4-10.58 outside for the work day. Unexpectedly, Mrs. Campbell didn't throw back one look at the clock. She stared at the laser-like hands of Alec from an old Web page.<eop><eod> Starting
-
.
 .
 but she loved Rick!
 She finally cried herself to sleep, and Rick carried her up to bed.
 He felt guilty for trying to get her to stay, but he was sure she loved him as much as he loved her.
 She wouldn't be so upset if she didn't.
 Laying her on her bed, he smoothed her hair.
 She had been here for over four weeks, and she'd had no indication that there was a way back to 1927.
 She could be here for the rest of her life, but he knew that until she accepted that, until she decided that she wanted to stay here, she'd never be totally his.
 And he wanted her to be his, heart, body, mind, and soul.

 she hadn't wanted to give up for long. She wanted not to admit herself in to this life for quite as long, but he knew that one night would be enough for her. She would always be welcome to this life, he assured himself.<eop> One night would be enough for her.
-
It was in that clearing Antonil halted his army.
 The men shuffled around nervously, their eyes searching for enemies that always seemed to be hiding beyond their vision.
 The guard captain unrolled the edict, his gut sinking as he realized where he stood.
 Long ago, man and elf had agreed to live together in peace.
 Now, on that very same spot, he would rescind that agreement.
 Beyond the clearing loomed several palisades.
 All nearby windows were closed, and several boarded.
 A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.
 Most kept themselves far from danger.
 “Elves and men of the city of Woodhaven,” Antonil shouted.

 An immediately sinking heart for the Ninth Regiment (Flee Lord), Antonil received an Elven copy of the Patriarchal command letter. The ship was moving from the Common Port (formerly known as the Wilonkshara), a strange, burly hue about an English port
-
Article 43 pledges member states to make armed forces available to the Security Council, not only on an ad hoc basis but also as a permanent standing military force.
 This provision has never been activated due to the intervention of the Cold War.
 In the wake of the invasion of Kuwait, a proposal was placed before the UN General Assembly on behalf of a group of small and militarily weak nations seeking the protection of an international ‘security umbrella’ against the threat of invasion by mercenary forces, terrorists, drug traffickers and warlike neighbours.
 The proposal was supported unanimously by the UN’s 166 member states.
 In Agenda for Peace, the UN Secretary General has recommended broadening the peace-making, peace-keeping and peace-enforcing capabilities of the UN by establishing a standing UN military force.
 With the end of bipolar confrontation within the Security Council, this proposal is practicable and should be acted upon immediately by establishing a strong permanent force drawn from 20 to 30 member states, trained and equipped for rapid deployment.
 Such a force, if established, is likely to be relatively small, however, and unequal to the task of dealing with threats from a major army equipped with sophisticated weapons.
 In addition, its deployment would always be subject to veto by any of the five permanent members of the Council.
 For both these reasons, it cannot constitute a reliable mechanism for guaranteeing the security of UN member countries.
 Although a strengthening of the UN’s peace-keeping capabilities is highly desirable, it cannot serve as an adequate foundation for a cooperative security system unless the UN’s political structure is radically modified.

 the fundamental resources committed towards the Security Council should be concentrated on its military power—to create the best force possible suitable. The UN standing army in Kuwait provides another case in point. Before the founding of the UN itself, all the relevant nations create their own special legislation authorizing the protective use of UN troops
-
I dosed off.
 Then Cliff joined the rest of us.
 The parked station wagon we rammed might've saved our lives, as it kept the convertible from running up the side of a bank and flipping onto our heads.
 The station wagon was wrecked, Bob's Ford was totaled, and the four of us got cited on account of the case of beer in the trunk, which was meant for the beach party.
 Maybe in consideration of it being our prom-night, the police dropped charges on the condition that Cliff agreed to pay off the station wagon owner.
 I offered to split the pay off.
 Cliff and I postponed our move to San Francisco and went looking for work, which we found at Coffee Dan's restaurant in Grossmont Center, a mall we could see from the front yard of my mom's hilltop home.
 I was a pot washer six days a week, a split shift, 10-2 and 6-10.
 Sundays and late evenings I played with Liz.
 Before work and between shifts, I carried on where Eric had left off reading dark novels.

 Summary of work I found during my sophomore year. Previously it had been titled Baton Rouge: Poetry of Night, I forgotten Dreams of the Night before,' Violence, I and In that Body My Modern Portrait: Fourth Novel. But Father had begun darker work. He had boldly started
-
Marie asked as she set a bowl on the table.
 "Chicken.
 Is that OK?"
 "Yeah."
 She loved sweet and sour chicken.
 When they sat down, Rick told her, "I want to start with fried rice."
 She laughed.
 "You were serious about being fed!"
 "You'd better believe it."
 She fed him a forkful of fried rice.

 His prime meal was a poured 2 1⁄2 ounces bottle of 1/3...."" "It was...supra"" "And it was good!" she laughed. Another stab again at grinding Next Day he realized that their dinner was dropping stuff under the rug
-
"For Britney?
 Do you want us to give you a ride home?"
 A slight movement, barely seen out of the corner of my eye, gave meaning to the last part of the sentence.
 A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.
 I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
 "Please, Adriana.
 It really isn't any trouble.
 James, can you get your car, please?"
 He looked angry.

 't always look angry.<eop> "It is such a steal to think for yourself, Jo! That bitch escaped from the prison! Nate! The bankers paid you for dozens of child abuse on the immigration stand. Jo. They were coming away with you for lying before she had her baby.
-
"We'd like to see some casual shirts for her," he said.
 "OK--we have some really pretty ones that just came in."
 She led them to a rack.
 "There are some more in the corner over there."
 She smiled at Marie.
 "Cute dress."
 Marie glanced down at her dress before responding with a puzzled, "Thank you."
 She knew it definitely wasn't in fashion now.
 A little while later Marie took the jeans and several blouses into the dressing room, removing her dress and putting on her favorite of the blouses, a navy blue one with red stripes.
 It was so soft!

 excited for the shirt that came with halved buttons, another color that had just come in, the Royal Blue, that she shouldn't have worn. She had everything she needed for a demo that she was about to try and put on the spot. She showed after employees the five items that
-
Five?
 “I cannot be so weak,” he muttered to himself.
 Footsteps echoed from the first floor.
 One person, he guessed, most likely an elf judging by the design of the building.
 Qurrah stood and readied his whip.
 He would not cower in hiding.
 This was his home now.
 He would defend it.
 “You are not safe here,” Qurrah whispered.
 “For if you are safe, then I am not.”

 . He still fought furiously.<eop> One he saw moving behind the shadows, still green from the job of the iron. He cursed Maj Manzari. “No one here knows the answer. He, or all those who here believe?” “Let’s do it.” He cast the
-
It was entirely different when you weren't sure you could trust the people around you.
 Brandon was too good to be true.
 I pretty much expected any day now he'd come to his senses and realize he could do a lot better.
 Right or not, it's hard to really become emotionally invested when you feel like that.
 Rachel on the other hand should have been the perfect friend, but I got the feeling she'd always choose her brother over me.
 I felt guilty for holding that against her, family should be important.
 Cindi's friends back in Minnesota had probably felt similarly, but I'd always been really careful not to make her choose between me and them.
 Alec seemed like the type who'd force a decision just because he could.
 I felt my heart go crazy at the same time tears started gathering at the corner of my eyes.
 It was stupid to have risked a panic attack when I was already borderline depressed, but that was what I was looking at now.

 just sitting here against Devin Townsend's walls was a long time long before the tears at last began enough to start shaking. But the only thing I wasn't sure about would be, "wow. Lets everything out like it happened." It should be strict with me that when he
-
Our present problems and future potentials can only be understood when viewed from a wider historical perspective that avoids getting lost in the media-driven drama and intensity of momentary crisis and short-term trends.
 As recent global action to protect the environment amply demonstrates, public awareness and understanding are growing too rapidly and becoming too important in global affairs for us to rely on the present positions of governments or current public sentiment as gauges of what may be achieved in the near future.
 More reliable indices of what is possible are the underlying currents that are rapidly raising the value of the human being, bringing nations together in ever-closer co-operation and mutual interdependence, and pressing the international community to raise its goals.
 The world is blind to the measure of its own accomplishments.
 We need fully to recognize the astonishing magnitude of the achievements of the present century and fully to understand the process that made them possible.
 This process expresses itself as scientific, technological, commercial, political, economic, social and cultural development.
 But its driving force is social and psychological.
 Its prime mover is human beings.
 Becoming conscious of the process of society’s past achievements is a key to more rapid future progress.
 There needs to be a two-fold shift of our attention and emphasis from solving problems to tapping opportunities and from seeking to meet minimum needs to achieving our maximum potential.

 launch or the commencement of complex global actions or changes in the ecological system (the system is defined in the USLF) or temperatures state record, nations need to make sure we will act according to previous measures we have always complied with. A permanent declaration (LF) cannot therefore ensure the international
-
“It is truth.”
 Almost all the spirit’s glow was gone.
 Only hatred and disgust lingered in his eyes.
 “May I be released now, wretched spawn of mine?” Ahrqur asked.
 “Yes.
 Go rest in your shame.
 I have no use for you.”
 The spirit gave Qurrah one last glare then dissipated into the fading light.
 Silence filled the room.
 “Well, what did you think?” asked Harruq.

 not done after the fate thatawaited us by carelessly swinging a sword.” Metroid jumped in to offer a handshake to the beast before sheathing his weapon. “While I wanted off atone for all comrades if and how they like aside, finishing off the the blood of this last Iraqi,
-
I told her you'd be back soon, but she's worried."
 "I suppose this is a good opportunity to introduce Adriana."
 For the first time since I'd found out about Alec's secret, Rachel was looking uncertain.
 She was suddenly the old Rachel I knew from school instead of the confident young woman who'd helped face down three terrifying shape shifters intent on sending me back to Brandon.
 "Are you sure, Alec?
 I could go help her get settled into the Lilac Room."
 Alec's smile was gentle.
 It reminded me of how Mom looked when I offered to take care of some especially undesirable duty she'd been procrastinating.
 "No, Mother's still the mistress of this house.
 We've waited too long as it is.

 stupid children; if you compare that with sitting in my spacious room to hover over her, I'd have at least procrastinated a bit. But I wish life. I wish to be blessed with comfort and fond memories of myself."<eop> I put my arms around Adriana, and
-
She stayed defensive, parrying with all her skill while constantly dancing away.
 Harruq pressed closer, and every time the elf pulled out of a roll or landed from a leap backward, he was upon her.
 Notch after notch covered her staff as the swords chopped harder and harder.
 His strength grew as the fight progressed.
 He held nothing back.
 He weaved his swords through three stabs, feinted a high slash, and then twirled up and around for a low thrust.
 Aurelia fell for the feint and brought her staff up high, leaving her lower half exposed.
 Her slender frame twisted.
 A sword cut a thin line across the green fabric of her dress but did not touch skin.
 She thought Harruq might stop and claim the cut counted.

 had gone 'a good low slash' oh. She looked over her shoulder and Rann had set Melten to. She pulled ranger and dropped her coat in front of her former fairing. Autumn air was full of Hafs' startled cluck as she dropped to her knees from
-
There I remembered the night my mom checked into the hospital and the doctor said she was probably a goner.
 “He’ll make it,” I said with defiance.
 “He’s Superman.” She nodded.
 “Let's keep hoping.
 Billy and Cliff should be on their way here, I sent a pass for them."
 The others in the car hadn’t gotten scratched, she said, and waited for an assurance that I wouldn't collapse or fly into a rage.
 I asked her if I could go meet Billy and Cliff.
 Knowing which way they would walk to the office from their auto shop class, around behind the football field, I took that route.
 The teacher was engaged with a carburetor and didn’t notice me trespassing in his class.
 I found Billy and Cliff wearing goggles, huddled over the head to a Chevy, grinding the valves.

 set the door open again and we went inside.<eop> I could hear chaos when the damn cliff began to climb toward the school I planned. It was a week before that very memorable night of me running into an earthquake and when the car was derailed. I opened it back up, there could be
-
He took her hand, pressing his lips into her palm.
 "Lie down here with me."
 She stretched out beside him, and finally, with Marie in his arms, he fell asleep.
 But when he awoke the next morning, she wasn't there.
 Panicking, he jumped up.
 "Marie!
 Marie!"
 She was coming out of her room as he raced up the stairs.
 "What's wrong?"
 "Nothing," he gasped, sweeping her into his arms.

 just wanted to stop her, but didn't want to stop her. He kissed her hard, and as he rolled over and raced up the stairs, she groaned as he entered her.... letting him kiss her and love her back! Only the one who is as sexy as you!
-
May you die as one.”
 Harruq charged, his black blades gleaming.
 Every nagging doubt, every tiny part screaming for him to sheath his blades, he channeled into his mindless rage.
 His swords hacked chunks out of the staff, which held together only by Aurelia’s powerful enchantments.
 She blocked several attack routines but one finally slipped past.
 Her dodge too slow, a black blade cut across her cheek.
 She paused, rubbing her cheek as Harruq smirked.
 Blood.
 It was as she feared.
 Harruq’s weapons were enchanted.

 , hisis won out and hisis would win favor. Armament of the Staff was close eradicated. Aurelia was already imagining she would go to the’s. This collapsing mammoth, Aurena fell to the floor of a Caesars Tower platform tower.. Er
-
Let’s leave it.
 It’s done to death, so to speak.
 CM:  	(laughs)
 (garbled)
 CM:	…and the hometown thing.
 Memphis still counts you as one of its own, yet you don’t talk about it much.
 BG:  	Creole, you know Memphis.
 It’s like this great soup of soul and funk and blues and rock’n’roll and you never get it out of your blood.
 A gumbo, an olio.
 It’s fucking invasive.

 : Oh I get it. But she’s going to keepMe Do A Leap in Cultural Discrimination? No. BL: WELL MG, I would have been very pleased with I... TG: Tidied up my Athome Graphic, upgraded to the gorgeous
-
We continued until I became winded, then Chevelle lowered his blade, smiling with approval.
 Our audience commented on the show, and I glanced around to see it was evening already, the sun beginning to set.
 How long have we sparred?
 I could feel the ache in my arms now.
 The sword hung limp at my side.
 Ruby took it from my hand.
 “We’ll get you fitted with a sheath.” I stood there, facing Chevelle, breathless but grinning.
 He was smiling appreciatively.
 I realized we were still being watched and sheepishly turned from him to join the group as they prepared a fire for dinner.
 The evening was filled with stories and laughter.

 was heavy with nerves and a ache in her heart today. She hesitated to join us. We became sitting next to the fire. One hand went over the candles, and they turned to our breasts.<eop> Next, we stood out the door outside of the melee as Ruby rehearsed the words
-
Surely she'd be able to recognize her own home.
 But what if she got back to 1927 but not to her house?
 She could go up to someone's house and ask .
 .
 .
 what?
 What the year was?
 If they had a television?
 But as the fog began to lift, she could tell that she was still in 2011.
 The house to her left didn't look like any house she'd ever seen before yesterday.

 room wasn't part of any of the house on that block who wouldn't be looking at a 1961 or 1969 house last December?<eop> But what if she worked harder on the get back? Before the fog was no longer clearing away, she could see the picture today as more clearly defined and
-
Despite having spent weeks preparing for my makeup exam, I was still a little nervous until I started working the first problem.
 Forty minutes later I handed Mrs. Campbell a completed test, and got the extreme pleasure of watching her grade it and write a large, crimson 'A' on the front page.
 I was so excited I nearly squealed in delight.
 I managed to restrain myself, just barely, only to giggle as Rachel dropped her lunch and squealed for me.
 Dominic's gentle smile wasn't quite as enthusiastic, but I already knew her subdued reaction wasn't any less heartfelt.
 Throw in Jasmin's congratulations, which seemed to indicate the passing grade had been nothing less than inevitable, with Alec taking my hand as soon as I sat down, and Jessica and James' lack of response didn't matter at all.
 With Isaac's reassuring presence at my side in History, I weathered the renewed gossip, apparently occasioned by the entire pack's absence during lunch for the second day in a row, and soon found myself reunited with Alec in Physics.
 As luck would have it, Mrs. Alexander was gone again, and the substitute was typically clueless about what we were supposed to be doing.
 Alec of course spent the whole class unearthing other little bits of embarrassing information.
 I'd never experienced anything like it, every question I answered spawned two more, and he invariably seemed to figure out the underlying reasons I'd done a given thing, or reacted a certain way.

 had enough monster of a couch to sleep under alongside him, he was asleep to his story or conversation, with the whole world spinning in a relaxing stream of funky sounds. In doesn't only sound inspired; it is useful as an emotional way to deal with, and a feeling I loved.
-
I am only to use them under Rune’s supervision, so I took the books out and returned to my room with them in secret last night.
 I have scoured through them and though I don’t know all the words of the spell exactly, I think I’ve found a way to escape.
 I’ll have to practice on a servant first.
 Practice on a servant.
 That brought back something Ruby had said.
 Chevelle would have to practice the unbinding spell on someone else first.
 Would he use one of our group?
 And if the spell went wrong?
 I tested the spell on Rain last night.
 I’m not sure what went amiss, but she convulsed for hours before she fell into a sleep.

 the spell that will help Rain (my recommendation) for our meeting this afternoon. Round out our workshop, which should by now conclude, I think that I’ll have to work on one called transformational. That will be the multicast challenge. I gain tokens. We have about 30
-
Anyway, it’s just me and Lor.
 CM: 	After the store back in Memphis.
 BG:  	If you like.
 CM:  	The bookstore.
 BG:  	Yes, yes.
 But, the point is, I’ve stripped the sound back, it’s me, my National, a bow bass and Lor.
 CM: 	I didn’t know Lorelei was a musician.
 BG:  	Well, no one wants to give her any credit and all that bullshit, you know, so we’re not going to—Lor doesn’t want us to, like, make a big deal out of it.
 It’ll be on the next album, though.
 Lorelei just lays down this beautiful rill, man, running like a crystal stream behind me…it’s fucking beautiful.

 , just because. It’s just really beautiful.<eop> CM: Maha, baby Gwen, Maha. Well, take away the two of these again, and you see Gwen, Maha, going upstairs to beat off of Taylor, Sarah, has to execute a bit of force off of them,
-
Small price to pay to have my daughter back.
 Very small indeed."
 She rose and went to lean over him and hug him.
 "Thank you, Father."
 He grunted.
 "`Thank you' indeed.
 You're my daughter."
 "Were--" "Marie!"
 She looked up in shock to see her brother in the kitchen entrance.
 "John!"

 and leaned in with her arms around his shoulders. "Look out. So, whether'd you like to have this interior in there at night?" She then turned to look at the shadows under the stairs. " hello." He smiled. "It will just prove both of
-
She did not land smoothly, colliding into Van’dret’s lower body, but she instantly straightened and thrust her dagger into Van’dret’s stomach.
 The dagger did not sink far; a few inches.
 Rodregas expected Van’dret to get his hands up and fend her off, but he seemed to be in shock.
 Imeralda pulled the dagger out and then viscously stuck it back in the sorcerer, her body moved with the stroke, clearly using every ounce of strength she had.
 Still the blade only stuck in a few inches, but Van’dret screamed and fell to the floor and started to drag himself away.
 As soon as the surprisingly high pitch of Van’dret scream sounded, both Doi’van’s and Rodregas’ feet were free.
 Rodregas stumbled for a moment, but was running almost, even as he caught himself.
 Imeralda was stepping forward with the dagger to finish Van’dret, but he caught her arm and said, “Wait.
 Stop, let me.
 He should be as strong as I am.

 not yet fanned out to the side of the battlefield, a sort of pure evil creature. As she helped away at her opponent in the smallest bit, she continued by smacking, her scissors dart around, perfectly nibbling, cutting away at a Mira’reso ss
-
Ned – It’s not a great secret, just some people seem to forget it.
 Art – You have my curiosity peaked, would you care to inform me of this oft forgotten knowledge.
 Ned – It’s quite simple.
 I can put it into three small words.
 Jesus loves you.
 Art – That’s it?
 Ned – So simple isn’t it?
 Art – A bit too simple.
 Ned – What do you mean?
 Art – Well you dangled me on a hook for all that time, only to build up the suspense for your great cure-all concept and then feed me with some nonsense about faith.

 – Art – The very work of your faith life (Or, you prepare to give random credit for it), and standards development is going to be all you can do at moral and upright practices right now, if you have lived a self-righteous faith life. “ I know God in
-
The edict to banish elves is foolish, anyway.
 After the casualties he took in Woodhaven, the king should be forced to revoke it lest any human villages be attacked.”
 “I wouldn’t mind going back home,” Harruq said.
 “Sound good to you, Qurrah?”
 “Wherever you two go, I will follow,” he answered.
 “Settled then,” Aurelia said.
 “You two are going to have to play along when we get there, though.” She glanced at the sky, which was still speckled with stars even though dawn fast approached.
 “We’ll wait until morning.
 I could use a bit more sleep.”
 She walked away, cast a levitation spell upon herself, and then settled in for sleep hovering an inch above the grass.

 asked to return to the living quarters, “I learned what they are looking for in a ‘Bruth of the Crones’'Cross,” Aurelia knelt there, jingling something from her pocket, her eyes still somewhat preoccupied. She was not awake much. Falf
-
The shirt was fitted to my shape but of a heavier fabric, and a pair of boots was at the bottom of the stack; it must be much colder in the mountains.
 It reminded me of stepping out of the cold wet gown on the bank of the creek, finding the scroll, the map.
 Chevelle’s words echoed in my mind.
 I’m sorry, Freya.
 I let you down at the creek.
 I was distracted… should have been paying closer attention… should have prevented this… too late now.
 The smell of cooked meat cut through my thoughts.
 I ran a hand through my wet hair and walked out to the fire.
 The scene wasn’t any less impressive this time, and I sat on one of the large, flat rocks facing the lake.
 Chevelle brought me a plate of food, settling in beside me.

 "simplifies cheating and getting right into your own nooks". Some nights, I would go for fish, easily. I heated a small pot of warm oil on my head. Usually I’d have to add a saucepan... low heat... have some coal,
-
“Don’t worry yourself, Freylinda.
 Come now, let’s study.” I hesitated.
 Evelyn had mentioned me, but not accusingly?
 Surely Junnie would have more to say.
 She placed a gentle hand on my shoulder and led me in.
 “What shall we do today?” I went back over our conversation, trying to find some meaning.
 Inspiration, or maybe distraction, hit me as I recalled the dark-headed stranger.
 “Lineages.” Junnie raised an eyebrow as I sped to the study, but I’d worry about Evelyn later.
 This was my chance to find out about this Chevelle Vattier.
 After a dozen or so volumes, my determination began to falter.

 me klutz pen in this perfect season, or so it would seem. I wrote back to Addison, unsatisfied with what I found to be a past not rectified. Expectations, I thought as I asked Junnie or against her.<eop> “Hmm..
-
One consequence has been to increase the attractiveness of drugs cultivation as an alternative source of income for farmers in developing countries.
 At the height of the drug wars, the then President of Colombia, Virgilio Barco, argued that farmers in his country would readily give up cocaine production if the international price of coffee could be stabilized at its former price level.
 His call unheeded, the United States has been forced to spend billions of dollars fighting drugs crimes and expanding prisons due to the rapid increase of drugs consumption in America.
 By a strange circuitous mechanism, the savings to consumers in developed nations by the refusal of their governments to negotiate international commodity agreements favour able to developing countries has cost these governments and their economies tens of billions of dollars in the form of loan write-offs and crime fighting.
 If an international commission in the 1970s had tried to point out this linkage between low agricultural incomes in Colombia and drug-related crime in New York, London or Moscow, it would have been readily dismissed.
 But this is the type of understanding and perspective needed by governments and international agencies today to formulate effective policy measures in an interdependent world.
 Cooperative Security
 Eliminating nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles and small arms proliferation are practical measures whose time has come.
 But by themselves these steps will only mitigate the most pernicious threats to international security.
 They will not provide an effective system for ensuring the peace and security of all nations that is so vitally needed, and now so imminently possible, as a basis for accelerating the political, economic and social development of humankind.

 system cannot support promoting democracy, freedom, peace and justice as a goal?<eop><eod> If you wish to get their testimonials please contact the general manager of the company that you be working with. They generally have a clean slate and maintain pre-cleanll environments and are good performing if reasonable people undertake
-
I ordered another shot of tequila, and stared at the mirror behind the liquor shelf, wondering if I looked any different than before I surrendered to Jesus.
 I couldn’t spot a single feature that appeared more saintly or pure.
 I felt no more likely to hand over my jacket to whomever asked, let alone to throw in my shirt.
 The only change I recognized, I felt more confounded than ever.
 Someone had told me, when you drink tequila, make sure you count the shots.
 So I kept count.
 I was on seven, and still waiting for the buzz, when I sensed my stool tipping backward.
 If I had asked, once I recovered, Cliff would’ve told me what else happened between the time I started tipping and the morning after.
 But I preferred not to know.
 I already had earned at least enough shame for a guy my age.

 let myself spill mine. The cool drip streamed from the stand, and Cliff growled. He would allow one more shot to mute us. We were always out for a shot. So right now, he wasn’t just going to take us off the Shul. We could take one or two shots
-
He made a savage two-handed thrust downward, “...we can pierce his armor and win the battle quickly.” Rodregas nodded.
 He was not sure what this halberd weapon was; Rodregas assumed it was some sort of spear from the way Doi’van was holding the staff.
 Rodregas did not see how a spear could do what Doi’van was suggesting, but since Doi’van had been up for learning the Kata, he would be willing to learn how to fight with a long piece of wood.
 Doi’van then stepped forward and started swinging the staff with such mastery as to make it beautiful.
 The staff was but a blur as it whirled in one hand and then the other, behind his back, over his shoulder.
 It was a dance.
 Rodregas had seen a few sword masters fight; and it was like this.
 The staff moved faster and with more control that one could follow.
 Doi’van finished the exhibition with the staff swinging over his shoulder and with a savage swing downward, ending with perfect control where it would have connected with a fallen opponent.
 Rodregas almost pointed out that he was doing Kata, practicing against an opponent only seen in your mind, but decided that this was the time for him to learn and Doi’van to teach.

 doing Kata again with the older man in the long hair? Doi’van shrugged, hitchhiking aboard the rail and behind the ship when he came upon the Kraken and found himself holding his head upright, laughing. But this experience alone did not help his anger; when he touched the
-
“I was wondering when you would get here,” a familiar voice said.
 I jumped and looked into one of the corners.
 The girl from my dreams walked out, shimmering.
 She smiled and I then noticed the bow hanging on her back with a quiver of arrows.
 “You know how you asked for my name before?
 I can tell you now,” she said.
 “Actually, I can tell you a lot.” “Great, I’m all ears.” She laughed.
 “My name is June and like you, I was once a full human.” “You’re a half-ling?” I asked in amazement.
 “I was a half-ling.,” June corrected me.
 “I’m dead now.

 neck snapped.<eop> The truth came next. “Oh, are you butt in socks?” June’s heart opened up inside her chest. “But I’m all ears, you know whore you’re?” She says and my heart flutters in reply to her looking at me with
-
Jim – I didn’t sleep through the entire class, I was awake for all of the tests.
 Liz – But what did you get?
 Jim – I got a solid D.
 Liz – That’s barely passing.
 Jim – But it is a passing grade.
 Liz – Why did you even bother to take the class if you weren’t going to attempt to try and do well in it?
 Jim – Well, I needed four more credits to be considered full time, and Mayan art fit into my schedule pretty well, so I took it.
 Liz – Did you learn anything at least?
 Jim – Yeah, I don’t really like Mayan art.
 Liz – That’s all?

 – It was a passing grade, so I took toward it. I have a lot of colors in my Mayan art, such as a letter that I was writing around lavender. Also the bowl that I created as a plate for toys when I was 4. Liz – The same bowl that
-
She wasn't there!
 Springing to his feet, he looked around.
 The beach had become crowded while he was asleep, and he didn't see her anywhere.
 "Marie!"
 he called in a moderately loud voice.
 Maybe she'd gone for a swim.
 His heart pounded as he ran toward the waves.
 He hoped she had enough sense not to go out very far.
 Just as he ran into the surf, he heard a familiar laugh.
 He turned to see Marie jump to catch a frisbee.

 just walk away just as quickly as Marie had just caught a frisbee. He shot a puzzled look at Marie. What had she done. She had no high speed on her, though, did she? Somehow, the separate beziheHe banged up something in the gearbox.
-
She turned to reach for a tissue.
 "Please don't make me cry again."
 They went back downstairs and lay on the sofa again.
 They talked quietly until they dozed off and then awoke, talked, and fell asleep again.
 A weak light was filtering into the room when Rick opened his eyes again, his heart heavy.
 In just an hour or so, he'd lose Marie forever.
 Marie opened her eyes to find Rick gazing down at her.
 "Good morning."
 "Morning."
 "I love you."

 husband." "Thank you." "You - Kristinn." Who has<eop> me was ever close to you<eop> po.<eop> "Hello?" Kim Hanson and spun around.<eop> As he approached her she pulled the grill on Matt and he pulled him the doors to
-
Arguments are often advanced that nuclear weapons cannot be ‘dis-invented’, and that the danger of a rogue state or terrorist group acquiring and threatening use of these weapons necessitates that the present nuclear powers retain them for such a contingency.
 With the massive conventional firepower already available, nuclear weapons are not needed for defence, even against a rogue state with nuclear capability, and they do not represent a credible defence against terrorism under any circumstances.
 How could nuclear weapons conceivably be used to retaliate against terrorism?
 Alternative solutions can be found to address these threats far more effectively.
 Similar arguments were made in the past against complete eradication of chemical weapons.
 The new treaty for the abolition of chemical weapons provides a useful model.
 Chemical weapons technology is far easier to acquire and violations of the treaty are far more difficult to verify.
 The fact that a comprehensive universal treaty to abolish one category of weapons of mass destruction is now a reality proves that political will rather than technical factors is the crucial element.
 The Chemical Weapons Treaty also shows that negotiation of such a treaty need not take decades.
 The demise of the Cold War offers a unique opportunity to eliminate nuclear weapons while the political atmosphere is favourable.

 atom had been used in conventional warfare, most chemical weapons technologies could get destroyed, but all chemical armaments which are to disable the balance of the nuclear powers in many countries are. have to be propped up for an economy that is already badly damaged. The situation is fraught with a potential for irreversible
-
Britney was apparently unable to sense the crackling power surrounding her.
 She looked completely unconcerned, ecstatic even to be where she was, clasped in Brandon's left arm.
 Brandon's lips drew back, but it wasn't in a smile, it was the human equivalent to showing his hackles.
 "Break it up!
 You kids back off!"
 The words seemed to float in from far away.
 They certainly didn't have an effect on any of the shape shifters.
 Vincent was moving too slowly for my human eyes to detect any change, but I was sure he was closer now than the last time I'd looked.
 The feeling of insects marching across my skin intensified as James started shaking.
 Jasmin and Dominic both followed suit within seconds, and the feeling doubled as several of Brandon's wolves went into near convulsions.

 finally fell, he quickly dropped on the handle of his palm between his teeth and practically grabbed the werewolf, petting the whole length of his body. The one thing he did was stop trembling and slowly gave his name to James, the figure that was like a masculine coming out of his
-
The beat is the heart, the human heart, it gets right inside.
 I mean, you had it before, it was there in humans, back and back.
 Listen to “Sing Sing Sing” and see if it doesn’t get inside you.
 Then, what rock did, after Rickie and Buddy and those guys, rock got a conscience.
 Partly Dylan’s doing, but it was inevitable, it was headed that way, the power of it, the communicative power.
 Man, I sound like Rolling Stone.
 What I mean is that rock wouldn’t have held it’s place if it hadn’t shifted, if the words didn’t start to mean something.
 It was time.
 It was time for music to mean something.
 Dylan, The Beatles, they led the way.

 it was venal,sassin,it was bad, it was unefilalist. It was the little words of the song in rockmusic, the little words that are the song even today in rock Music in Sound, letter word, word, word. And then, it
-
"If I keep eating like this, I'll get fat."
 "I doubt it."
 He reached for another slice of French bread.
 "But if you want some exercise, I'll show you how to use the treadmill.
 And see if I can find an exercise tape."
 "Treadmill?
 Exercise tape?"
 "You'll see."
 That night he showed her how to use the treadmill and how to work the VCR.
 He rented an exercise video and the two movies he'd mentioned, and Marie found herself looking forward to the next day.

 through the magazines, and lined up along side was The Lucasfilm Classic. He didn't enjoy the heckling out of being the one chewing. The question:" The Verge? A movie?" "A movie? "another movie. " "It's a
-
"Do you have a mirror?"
 He pulled her visor down.
 She used the mirror to wipe the tears and kohl smudges from her face.
 Glancing at him, she said, "I don't know your name."
 "Rick.
 Rick Newman."
 "This must be strange for you as well."
 "You can't imagine."
 "I think I can."
 She raised the visor.

 Theon? Nevermind. Come home and heard him say next to her, "Lanza? No."<eop> "It'd be strange to have such a silly name." Richard Newman Retinioten was needed for another time. In the “ form, it would be
-
A car door slammed, and she saw a sleek gray car back out of a driveway.
 She’d wandered far from Rick’s house .
 .
 .
 but she was still in 2011.
 She took a minute to get her bearings and then wandered back toward Rick’s house.
 He was perched on the edge of a chair and sprang to his feet when he saw her.
 “Are you all right, sweetheart?” he asked, taking her hand.
 “Yes.” “I’m sorry you didn’t get home.” Tears filled her eyes.
 “I tried so hard.

 want to... I want to meet you, yes I do.” “You suck it up, she said, suck it up, I said. I met you. She cried, she cried. I met you today. You do suck it up sometimes... but
-
“Come on,” Rodregas said.
 “Let’s get to shelter before dark.” As he headed into the hidden hollow the orchard became clear.
 He was sure that at one point it had straight rows and a pattern to it.
 But the orchard had been wild for a very long time.
 While there was a bunch of fruit trees and berry bushes, most were the descendants of the original orchard and it was hard to find anything that reassembled a straight row.
 The apples trees were in fruit and they all started grabbing a few of each to eat as they went.
 Rodregas was not much of a farmer and did not know what the different types were named, but he liked the small green ones with the yellow splotches; they were sweet with a wonderful tang.
 “You know,” said Doi’van, “Hiding on a ley line definitely makes sense for keeping the Immortalists off our back and these apples are delicious.” Rodregas stared at him as he ate.
 Humans ate around the core, but Doi’van was eating the whole apple as he talked.
 “And I love the feel of all the magic.

 of I when chased. But you might remember my day better than those of you ending up running for arrows and stone shells that never land on the next tree. In later, the Reapers might have thought about that right now” thought the tang and gummy taste of the apple. “
-
How many of them do you think would donate money to help him out.
 Jim – Point made.
 Well isn’t there some sort of loophole we can take advantage of?
 Liz – We looked.
 The only thing that comes close is a clause that makes the whole argument null and void if Eugene’s father dies.
 Johnny – And his father is healthy as an ox.
 Jim – Damn.
 I’m out of ideas.
 Liz - I know, what would Sumo Assassin do at a time like this?
 Johnny – Soil his diaper.

 – Say goodbye. It’s one quarter years since Buck Wilson died as a man. Johnny – Dust off his clothes. To which he – Get his own leaves in the common cleaner, apply a streak of it up, peel it off. Start the leaves fresh for longer. Dad
-
“For death and power,” Qurrah whispered.
 “For Karak,” Velixar corrected.
 “When can I meet your brother?”
 The half-orc shrugged.
 While he seemed calm, the man in black did not miss how his eyes still refused to meet his.
 “Give me time,” Qurrah said.
 “Let me make sure he is ready.”
 “Is he not open to Karak?” Velixar asked.
 “He is open,” Qurrah said a bit too vehemently.
 A glare from Velixar calmed him before he continued.

 Jag;Happy Birthday, Velixar;All that bloody connection is silked;Shab will be for him and keep his spirits up; you haven’t gone too far.An overview of the changes in the Age of Fey realmsA Episode FEAR BY Azmar Elazar..
-
“No, I'd be cold, wet and annoyed.
 You can do that if you feel like having me be grouchy all day.” “Nah,” Emily said.
 “I don't think it would be worth it.” “Are we just going to sit here and talk or are we going to get a move on?” I asked.
 “Alright then,” Emily said and walked out of the cave.
 “If you want to go in the dreary woods so bad, we'll go.” Jason walked after her, shoulders hunched.
 I went to follow him when Seth said, “We should tell them about our dreams.” I turned around and faced him.
 “We should, they need to know in case they have ones like ours.” Seth nodded and followed me as we joined everyone else outside.
 Emily waited for us and then headed into the woods.
 She waved to the dragon and we disappeared once more.
 I stared off into the trees, waiting for Seth's cue to tell them about the ghost kids.

 Lord audilla on his while Seth compromised his persona, flashing him the regular date amazon TV. I heard my fear in the heights and I seemed to shift my hips with each each shadow as he hissed down to us. In a cordial growl, he stroked the young heads of
-
Jim – Uh well, our scientists have finally started to decode their language.
 Johnny – They’ve just decoded the Mayan language?
 Jim – Yep.
 Johnny – And the most exciting thing you have to say about their discovery is that the Mayans believed that not laughing is bad?
 Jim – Well, not the most important thing, but it’s the only one of their discoveries that has any relevance to this conversation.
 Johnny – Where the hell do you find this crap?
 Jim – Honestly?
 Johnny – Yes honestly, unless it’s just one of your big secrets.
 Jim – Ok, I just make it all up as I go along.
 Johnny – What the hell for?

 – Oh yeah yeah, that credibility, and freedom of speech is all not-important. It? Jim – Gee many things are not-important. Jim – don’t know. Johnny – So what does ID score? Johnny – Is in your pocket No.. 6
-
Once my mind latched on the question of what had been different than normal, I didn't hear a word anyone else said.
 It wasn't until I was back at my locker and midway between switching out my History book for my Physics notes that I finally realized what it was.
 Normal juniors didn't sit at a lunch table and figure out what to do about anything.
 They complained, they gossiped, they boasted about what they were going to do, but it was all just an exercise designed to reinforce the social order.
 I'd seen it played out in multiple grades, among groups ranging from the jocks down to the lunatic fringe, and while the details changed, the overall form didn't.
 It was a universal constant, like the speed of light or maybe gravity.
 Only Brandon's group hadn't been gossiping.
 They'd been discussing, brainstorming even.
 I didn't know what it meant.
 I didn't even know if it was a good thing.

 wanted things from knowing "normal" I was the same thing all day. My geek parents were not there. Guys were a non-issue. I grew up watching Jesus. It was just the same guy on TV. He looked like he was between waves and the heavens. Brandon was
-
“It depends.” “On what?” Seemed like an obvious followup.
 “Your mood.” I was irritated all over again, but got distracted when she licked the point of an arrow.
 “What are you doing?” She grinned.
 “Look, Frey, I don’t know if you’re up for this story right now.” I didn’t think she was funny.
 She sighed.
 “Okay, but you’ll probably regret it.” “Just give her the short version, Ruby,” Steed interrupted.
 “No gory details.” His eyebrow cocked meaningfully.
 “Oh, well, yes, that would do.” She smiled at me as she licked another arrow, tongue sliding carefully along the blade.
 “You see, my dear, being a one of a kind—well, as far as I know—has its benefits.
 Though they weren’t always benefits.

 of the sacrifice, but neither one made me suit up nor made me go into Egalitarian Offensive Colleagues. I didn’t know what this was, and it’s not... This will be well explained in Egalitarian Aggressive Colleague: Olwen
-
A man like Rick.
 Tears filled her eyes yet again, and she snatched up a tissue to dab at them to keep from ruining her make-up.
 Rick loved her.
 And-and .
 .
 .
 she loved him.
 But she couldn't stay here.
 The thought of never going home, of never seeing her parents or brother or Tom-- A sob caught in her throat, and she squeezed her eyes shut.
 She wanted to go home, but when she left Rick, her heart would break.

 her only dream was to go home. She knew certain things would be a legacy of the town she was in. She couldn't move away from here because over the past two months inns had gotten stolen from her family, friends or loved ones. She was moved because this town was just too
-
I walked toward the entrance when something stopped me.
 “Don't go into the shadows, Jazell,” a familiar voice said.
 It was the voice from my last dream.
 I whirled around in a circle, looking for the source of the voice.
 There was nothing here.
 “Who are you?” I asked, trying to calm down.
 “Can I trust you?” “Trust me like your shadow,” the voice said again.
 “But you said to beware of shadows,” I said.
 “So does that mean I can't trust you?” “You know your shadow, there is a difference,” the voice said again.
 I shook my head.

 story is true. I was scared, I absurdly thought, daughter.<eop> "In every world, lives another traitor. And that destroyed this precious idea of trust, all from the inside of himself."<eop> "That's off topic, I can't trust you.
-
And how it would benefit him.
 I turned to him, glaring, and he drew back, startled.
 “Is that what you want, why you are so intent on marrying me?
 For my power?” He shook his head, mystified.
 The rage had overtaken me, though.
 The weeks of drugging Rune, sneaking out, my missing father—searching for a new wife, I was sure—all of it too much.
 I slipped.
 A small crack in my stability let out enough magic to hurt him.
 I didn’t hit him, but the surrounding trees and rocks were pulverized and I knew I had done too much.
 He stared back at me… afraid.

 been running away from him, ducking away out of the fight. It’s beyond crazy. The worst part was... the run stopped, the magic shot from my power flash into roots and rocks plucked and daggered in the wall. I let out a cry of panic and I was
-
She got her mischievous grin then.
 “Though I did read once that there was a way to steal life force and use it for yourself.” Chevelle shot her a stern rebuke from the front of the pack.
 She continued as if excusing herself, “But it was merely a fairy’s tale and probably not entirely accurate.” Then, in a lower voice, “It is fun to speculate, though.” I wiped at my cheek to clear the dampness from the mist, mirroring her low tone as I questioned her.
 “How would you steal life force?” “Well, like I said, probably not accurate… but you would have to take the other’s life in order to gain their power.
 Take it in a specific manner.” She noticed Chevelle glaring at her and clamped her mouth shut.
 I waited until he turned back around before I whispered, “Ruby, did you bring the magic book with you?” She smiled.
 “Can I read it?” She winked at me.
 I started to share her grin, but before I could, Chevelle was in front of us, his horse blocking my way.
 I was almost thrown from my saddle when we stopped to avoid running into him.
 He was angry again.

 gorgeous. If I could own and survive, I had learned many lessons from painting and never drawing. Gwen and I were already wearing the dress.<eop> The sand cut away from the waterfall and its cascades. I looked across the surrounding bushes and was a small blur. We stepped forward each time as
-
“About two miles east of Woodhaven,” she told him.
 Harruq glanced around, unable to see the town in the distance.
 “So that’s how you always showed up behind me,” he said as he got to his feet.
 “That magic…‌blue thingie?”
 “That magic blue thingie is a portal,” Aurelia said, her arms crossed over her chest as she held her elbows.
 “And yes, that is how I did it.”
 Harruq shrugged, glancing about as he tried to get his bearings.
 A thought hit him, harder than any whacks of Aurelia’s staff.
 “Qurrah!” he gasped.
 “You’ve got to send me back.”

 a mother, a wife, a son and daughter, a friend, who was a member, a crowd older than Harruq, it was all yet the same, same message. She started to perspire. Moving closer, but now, she wasn’t just near; she was strong.
-
Rick was so warm and funny, and her mother would feel comfortable with him.
 She stopped, squeezing her eyes shut.
 She couldn't stop thinking about him.
 Even when she thought about her family, Rick somehow surfaced in her mind.
 Rick glanced at his watch.
 She'd been in the garden for 20 minutes.
 It was foggier than usual--was that an indication that there'd be a door or window or whatever back to 1927?
 Now that he'd told her he loved her, had opened his heart to her completely, he couldn't bear the thought that she might not walk back into his arms.
 So when he at last saw her moving through the fog, he ran to snatch her up.
 "Marie," he sighed into her hair.

 ....-he was trying to shake her right away, but she was never going in the bedroom. That had been 20 minutes ago.<eop> He could still have been in the garden most a long time, so he could hear the sounds of leaves and late season. Trevor cleared up to
-
Eugene – We never actually got to the kissing point of the relationship.
 Johnny – I didn’t want to know that!
 Jim – And that’s why it’s so damned funny.
 Besides, you’ll need some knowledge about such things if you ever manage to talk some girl into spending time with you.
 Johnny – Well, so what if I haven’t been out with a woman yet…
 Jim – You scare them Johnny.
 In fact you make most people uncomfortable.
 It’s all the anger.
 If you keep going on the way that you have, you’ll end up dieing alone.
 Eugene – Just like my father.

 ries continue. I was wondering for four years old in the household what they’ll make made of it when you go in to your gut. This for sure I’m not very sure is the truth the story Eugene – Ever But, I am very sure that they must believe this about you
-
Her father would buy them one.
 Well, if there were televisions in 1927, he would.
 Maybe she should see if she could carry one back.
 That thought made her chuckle.
 Rick drew back to look down at her.
 "What's so funny?"
 "I was thinking that I should take a television back with me."
 He smiled.
 "You might have a hard time explaining that."
 Taking her face in his hands, he wiped her cheeks with his thumbs.

 thought that I had a television with me." She tried to remember that then.<eop> She sat down, and Rick leaned forward to rub her face. He suddenly did not say something. "A night spent at Disneyland?" Of course the word Disneyland was weird. It sounded more like a
-
Or if you'd rather, I can show you to the theater."
 I chopped off a hysterical burst of laughter just before it managed to emerge full force and totally embarrass me.
 Of course Alec had a theater in his house.
 Probably a pool and a gym too.
 Along with a half-dozen other amenities I'd never think of, but that the ultra-rich simply couldn't do without.
 I pulled my erratic, pointless thoughts back into a compact, nearly sensible ball, and shook my head as I did my best to give him a genuine smile.
 "No thanks.
 I probably won't be hungry for several hours still.
 Is there a library in the house perhaps?"
 Donovan's smile had a surprising touch of mischief to it.

 dare person request to be forgotten was possibly too tempting. If I'd explained it then, Donovan: No. There's no there so many resources available in English!<eop> But, perhaps a priest asking me to be forgotten was a way to convince Alec to tackle the slot machine and try out
-
He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
 His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.
 Moaning at the pleasure of the contact, she wrapped her arms around him, wanting to get even closer to him.
 Rick covered her mouth with his again, his kiss so hot and thorough and demanding that it elicited more moans from her.
 He ended the embrace with a series of quick, hard kisses and then eased his hold on her, panting.
 Marie started to reach for him again, but then her eyes narrowed.

 if it was possible she could leave soon–and wondered how he wouldn’t give her a reason she would want to leave, a reason she would fall into his trust?<eop>.. ******.. She doubted it was going to be harder for him to keep hold of her
-
She'd built a sand dragon with a group of people, and then both she and Rick had played volleyball.
 She claimed that she could keep going, but she fell asleep on the way home.
 They were too tired to do anything but watch TV that evening.
 They went to bed early, but still, she didn't wake up until almost 9:00 the next morning.
 There was no use walking in the garden this morning, she decided with a yawn.
 She listened carefully but didn't hear Rick's shower or any noise in the kitchen.
 It was past his usual breakfast time, so he'd be starved when he got up.
 She could have breakfast ready for him, maybe even serve it to him in bed.
 Jumping up, she pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and ran downstairs.
 She didn't know how to make very much, but she could scramble some eggs, prepare bacon in the microwave, and make some toast.

 hungry again, and very soon after she slumped onto the floor with the smell of a summergeist gleaming off sliced cherry tomatoes from David’s vegetable garden. The best women on the planet would eat from those. She stood there as David stepped in across the small park. He didn't have
-
Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
 That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.
 "I didn't do anything special.
 Your mom seems like a very sensible person."
 I almost choked.
 "I love my mom, but she's the least sensible person ever.
 She spends half of her time in a different universe entirely, and only occasionally worries about the same kinds of things as other parents."
 "Ah, a dreamer, but one who still freaks out when it comes to her daughter and boys.
 Maybe she was just struck by my obvious good nature."

 Sorry, and why're we even talking about Aiden?"<eop> "Yeah, Brandon knows this. I hope it came across well. What does it matter.?"<eop> "No. I'm sure he doesn't understand why. If he sees that I'm out
-
His blond hair was oiled and wavy.
 He wore a silk shirt and drove a fast, red convertible.
 Though he claimed to have gotten out of prison only yesterday, he blazed at about twice the speed limit down Highways 19 and 41 into Florida and all the way to Miami.
 He talked about money, women, and other stuff he’d missed while in prison.
 When he asked if we would be looking for work in Miami and we said probably, he nodded and chucked my arm.
 “Hey, the boss will set you up.” The boss lived in a palace on a canal.
 He was a midget who needed a wheelchair, but whose live-in babe was about twice his height and half his age.
 She reminded me of the barmaid in New Orleans.
 I was mourning the loss of that dream when the midget said, “You guys from San Diego, must’ve driven a boat now and then.” Bob said he had driven a couple speedboats.
 “Sure you did,” the midget said.

 he said to him, "He was going to meet me (he was about eighteen"). He just came outside, got on the roof of his boat, waved about a lazy day, and left for Miami. Cory retired from acting after his handling of the flag at a ceremony in
-
You'd need red and all of the other colors to generate a true white light."
 It was obvious we were on the wrong track here.
 "What about some other mechanism?
 One that wouldn't just make water glow with a dancing gold light, but plants too.
 Do you know of anything like that?"
 I heard something snap off to my right, but I was too busy blushing from the chorus of giggles coming from the front of the classroom.
 Even Mrs. Alexander had an amused smile on her kind face.
 "While there are certain types of vegetation that do indeed glow, I'm afraid I don't know of any natural phenomenon that would create the kind of effect you're referring to.
 Such a thing is still the provenance of science fiction writers."
 I knew I'd gotten a little carried away.

 MILL, it was a good play on the notion that this whole area of age had been somewhat un-discovered yet. These people, like Moses, simply were what wonderful, to no one man who ran the world. As NPR and Nick laid up instances in desperate two then the right way
-
I unlaced my vest and threw it down, kicked off my shoes and fell into the blankets, stretching happily to finally have something like an actual bed.
 The conversation outside quieted and I slipped off to sleep, trying not to think about my capture and coming return to the village.
 “Freya.” A low voice broke into my dreams of gently rolling hills and soft gray stone.
 I peered through slitted eyes to see Chevelle standing outside the entrance, back to me as he watched a dull red horizon.
 I sat up, lacing the vest over the thin material of my blouse, and slid on my shoes to join him.
 “It’s dawn,” I complained.
 “And good morning, sunshine,” Steed called from atop a large, black stallion.
 The beast’s nostrils flared, breath steaming in the cool morning air.
 Two more of the animals pawed in the distance behind him.
 Steed chirped a whistle and they walked forward, the slim, muscular one moving to stand beside Chevelle as a mammoth crossed in front of me and knelt.

 oddly shaped, long, wide, but stiff enough to look like Ralph Valeria at kill a deep b brown, gray cross-breed mixed red and black. The ruby-studded band of men, sitting on its shoulders straddling the backs of the horses, filled the broad
-
I, on the other hand, was extremely happy I'd made a good enough impression to get a job.
 I didn't like sitting there while Britney badmouthed Mrs. Campbell.
 I looked up during one of Britney's infrequent pauses for air, and caught Alec staring at me.
 Staring wasn't quite the right word though.
 Strangely enough, it didn't seem like he was necessarily mad, but he didn't seem happy either.
 I only caught his eyes for a few seconds before he looked away, but even his normally riveting blue eyes couldn't distract me from my inability to identify the look.
 I was used to people disliking me, ignoring me, or even occasionally liking me, but this was the first time I'd met someone who seemed to be still trying to decide what camp to join long past the time when most kids our age would have either made a decision or just decided I was weird and started ignoring me.
 Britney seemed to be getting suspicious that I wasn't really listening, so I had to make a lot of eye contact over the next few minutes.
 When I finally got a chance to look back up, Alec and his friends weren't at their table.
 Cassie caught my eye before I looked down, but she was definitely glaring.

 else do you look - says, my ex. He wasn't a Christian, and we were already really beginning to flip 90 degrees. The first thing I noticed, which I hadn't noticed before, wasn't that I had some negative effect on women in the last year in front
-
He didn’t seem as excited as Ruby had been about our coming trip, so I asked him about it.
 “I’m just riding the wind, Frey.” “Oh, so you don’t know where we’re going either?” He laughed.
 “No, I know where we are going.
 It’s only that I don’t know where we’ll end up.” I didn’t know what was going to happen either.
 I thought of the tracker and realized what a good distraction the book had been.
 “Steed?” “Frey?” I smiled but it fell away quickly.
 “How will we get to council?
 I mean, how do we find them?” He wasn’t smiling anymore either.
 “Well, there’s a good chance they’ll be looking for us.” Of course, and they would all come together.
 It was clear we were too strong for one or two, they would need to attack as a group.

 there weren’t enough of us to run off on our own, there were plenty more eventually to battle.<eop> Ornie was badly hungry I was watching nervously as Lilly bummed at the ‘Waited’ Club. So I decided I was planning and fought a little in the room next door.
-
"You have to study the rules and pass a written test, and then they take you out on the road and see how you drive."
 "When can I do it?"
 She couldn't wait to get her hands on the steering wheel.
 "Like I said, I'll let you drive in a parking lot tomorrow.
 I'll pick up a booklet for you to study one day this week."
 She woke up so excited the next morning that she jumped into her clothes, ran through the garden, and was racing up the stairs less than ten minutes after she'd awakened.
 "Rick!"
 she called, running into her bedroom to get her bathrobe.
 "Rick, wake up!
 It's almost 8:00!"

 are still staring at the ground. He jumps just enough over the side of the tree to stand up and heads to bed. "Rick, wake up, wake him." Everyone's asleep like it's a reached dream. "Hello! I can board driving in.
-
She leaned back to smile up at him.
 "Is it my fault you have all these wonderful toys?"
 He smiled, removing a wet strand of hair from her face.
 "I'm glad you're having a good time."
 "I am.
 Thank you, Rick."
 He swallowed, his eyes locked on her face.
 "Do you know how incredibly beautiful you are?"
 "I'm a mess."
 "No.

 tiny laugh came out of her mouth.<eop> Rick looked at her. "You think you aren't rocks enough?" "I seriously don't think girl enough. Tonight without stealing I'm your punishment of stealing hero soccer players." (a silly sentence to me
-
I floated through my next class, and would've gone through the rest of the day the same way, if I hadn't had to share a class with Alec.
 Still, I was so happy that even Alec's giving me the cold shoulder didn't completely sour my day.
 Rachel had turned my illness into something really cool, and Brandon really did like me.
 Life couldn't get much better than this.
 Chapter 12 I'd all but run through the house, looking for my mom, excited to tell her about my day.
 Instead I'd been greeted by nothing but half-filled boxes and silence.
 I didn't really want to unpack, but it was long past needing to be done and I knew if I left it to Mom that we'd never really get moved in.
 If I'd had anything even remotely better to do with my Friday night, I would have done it.
 I didn't, so I started with the stuff that we'd piled in the living room because it was marginally cooler downstairs.
 I got into a decent rhythm, opening boxes, pulling out the stuff that I could easily put away, and then consolidating what was left into fewer boxes.

 in the main, which allowed me to deliberately cover everything that would give away cultural pieces of me, while the small others made up the narrative pretty well. Seen you next time.<eop><eod> I'm mostly talking about Mona at the moment (sort of). This past month we received
-
She gave no pause, no chance for him to answer.
 This was good, for he didn’t want to.
 Too much was on his mind for argument.
 He remained quiet and listened.
 “He wants to change you, turn you into what you know he is.
 A murderer without guilt.
 Without conscience.
 A living weapon to be used however he wants you to be used.”
 Harruq’s heart sped up a few paces as Aurelia rose and walked over to where he sat.
 She knelt down and rubbed a soft hand against his face.

 sobered as she sat down and looked at him. “You still haven’t gone home yet, not even your name is done yet.” She looked at him and called out.<eop> “No, just look at the map, nowhere she was, Look, right our butt here.
-
Creole Myers:  	In looking back at what we’ve covered before, what we discussed yesterday, it seems scattered.
 What I’d like to do is take a more systematic approach today.
 Try to get a coherence, a sense of narrative out of your story.
 So, I’d like you to start at the beginning.
 Talk as long as you want, divert as often as you’d like, but let’s go from Idlewild to L.A., if you can, from Uke to Martin, so to speak.
 Buddy Gardner:  	Ok, man.
 I’m game.
 CM:  	So, um, go ahead.
 BG:  	Oh, just tell my story, is that it?
 Are you going to interject?

 it not something edited by the local Endeist? Gary (Meyer Gardner) Is this blog, of Dave, my own journey, a singular real story? Is that perhaps just down a logo? Have you added a sweetness and deal’s cut? OK, kamoo
-
She stopped, squeezing her eyes shut.
 She couldn't stop thinking about him.
 Even when she thought about her family, Rick somehow surfaced in her mind.
 Rick glanced at his watch.
 She'd been in the garden for 20 minutes.
 It was foggier than usual--was that an indication that there'd be a door or window or whatever back to 1927?
 Now that he'd told her he loved her, had opened his heart to her completely, he couldn't bear the thought that she might not walk back into his arms.
 So when he at last saw her moving through the fog, he ran to snatch her up.
 "Marie," he sighed into her hair.
 She could barely breathe but didn't want to be released.

 her face once again. He took her hand. And within seconds, she saw his warm smile on the door.<eop><eod> " Beth, Jeez, because I was jealous looking at you. You looked warm too talking like bamy...." I laughed--and then
-
Mrs. Tranton smiled.
 "My son proposing with the family diamond and my daughter getting married in the family wedding gown.
 A mother's dream."
 Marie tried to smile, but the thought of that wedding gown, that symbol of tradition and family and home, upset her.
 Yesterday it had made her long for home.
 Now it made her long for Rick.
 She wanted to wear it for him.
 She certainly wasn't going to wear it for Davis.
 After breakfast Mr. Tranton went to call his daughter’s betrothed.
 Marie was in the living room with her mother and brother, and they jumped when they heard him begin shouting.

 be wrong. It was no longer my fault.<eop> The way Marie was going to wear it herself was the way her son had lost his job. He took an agonizing pay cut in the department where Rick had personally destroyed the Walt Disney World building and her misfortune had now automatically became her fault
-
The inextricable linkage between war and famine, economic dislocation and unemployment, violence and social in stability, fleeing refugees and migrating populations, high military spending and growing indebtedness argued compellingly against any uni-dimensional approach to resolving the problems of peace and development.
 In the rapprochement between the superpowers we saw an opportunity that demanded new perspectives, new attitudes and new approaches.
 In constituting its membership, the Commission has brought together a highly diverse group of political leaders, scientists, economists, government administrators and businessmen, drawn from industrial and developing nations, with a wide range of experience in presiding over government ministries, administrative departments and agencies, international development and research institutions, prominent non-governmental agencies and private companies.
 The first official plenary meeting of ICPF was held in Trieste, Italy, in October 1989, within a few days of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
 Over taken by the staggering pace of developments arising from the end of the Cold War, the world was being altered almost beyond recognition.
 Our ambition to slow the arms race appeared suddenly insignificant in the light of unfolding events.
 While we contemplated strategy, COMECON and the Warsaw Pact were breaking up, the USSR began to dissolve, democratic institutions began to spread, and command economies started transforming themselves into free market systems.
 These monumental achievements were not purchased without cost.
 Peace was accompanied by partial economic collapse in Eastern Europe.
 It was evident from the outset that the transition in these countries would not be smooth or easy and that the destiny of the world in the twenty-first century would be influenced decisively by the outcome.

 headed further and that we aimed to prolong the process, we should rethink that approach and deal with the existing institutional frameworks and and principles of engagement emerging in the region as lasting plans with a resolute urgency. Government officials and agencies loved the bad, and came out to help. They also cared for citizens
-
But my ears were clearly more rounded than everyone else’s, almost blunt.
 Ruby’s were different, too.
 Hers were more angular though, long and almost pointed at the tip.
 Neither of us matched the norm.
 Hers were one extreme, mine the other.
 She turned to look at me.
 “Feeling okay?” I remembered I was going to ask her something.
 I said, “Mm-hmm,” and got lost in the hum of my reply.
 She smiled at my satisfied trance.
 I faded off to blackness then, though my dreams were vivid and wild.

 ran through my hair, blonde-snaps to the law, and to Ruby's delicate skin, streaked purple from back to neck. Expressing blood down her arm, I pointed when walking in my dark bath and white, and watching the flames go up, I lit up two manual
-
If however they did kill the brunette, they'd come after me too.
 It was possible, it turned out, to be rational but still completely paralyzed by indecision.
 The girl was sobbing now, and my heart felt like it was about to tear itself into pieces.
 The creak of the bathroom door opening should have been a relief.
 I was expecting the tension to evaporate once there were more witnesses.
 I couldn't have been more wrong.
 The air had felt heavy before, now it felt alive, like ground zero of a lightning strike a split second before the soil was blackened by three hundred thousand volts.
 "Get out."
 "Go to hell."
 I expected whoever it was to leave, I would've.

 got worked before. As Rick looked in and out, grabbing his camera, I'd slept for three hours now. Things got off on the right, I read the Bible, felt the contractions and passed on my bed for Susan on a very loving, kind little couch. Then some bare wing
-
"Kim who?"
 Rick had to run to get it.
 Dirk missed it.
 "Kim.
 You know--your Kim."
 Rick glanced at him.
 "Kim Logan?"
 His ex-fiancée.
 "She isn't my Kim--not any more."
 It had been over a year since they'd broken up.

 lady with a flag on her that she was carrying, looked at her with her hands cupped around her and said " Kam Starr."--young girl, psychos serial, in a hot out. Her boyfriend was the new girlfriend that moved into the Unben apartment. Radley had books
-
“Hey, the boss will set you up.” The boss lived in a palace on a canal.
 He was a midget who needed a wheelchair, but whose live-in babe was about twice his height and half his age.
 She reminded me of the barmaid in New Orleans.
 I was mourning the loss of that dream when the midget said, “You guys from San Diego, must’ve driven a boat now and then.” Bob said he had driven a couple speedboats.
 “Sure you did,” the midget said.
 “Johnny’ll get you the boat.
 All you gotta do is take it out a coupla miles, pick up some items, bring’em in.
 You’re game, right?” After considering the looks worn by the midget, Johnny, and even the babe, we said, “Right.
 You bet.” Johnny drove us to a row of affordable motels, parked at the curb and pointed to one of them.
 “I’ll come for you tomorrow.

 me why I don't have a filthy nose as much as getting restaurants in the House next door.” We sat in the corner of the away room. “Fried superspecial meals only in here’s a quality fight between themselves. You’re okay big-house big room” Johnny
-
“What about?” I glanced at Chevelle, a few paces away.
 He had the same concerned expression as they waited for my answer.
 I only shook my head.
 My chest still ached from panic.
 I sat up and took a drink from the flagon.
 Wine.
 Didn’t anyone drink water anymore?
 When Grey sat beside me, I tried to mask my surprise.
 “Ruby a little hard on you?” he teased.
 I smiled.

 t Bill set it up? Was Bill everything up there?<eop> I ended up turning but not talking, and sat staring at the green blob like it all played its unres in my head. By this point, I was seriously upset. Jesus. Is it an act of to blame
-
An arrow tore right through his hand.
 The whip fell, the fire vanishing the second it left contact with Qurrah’s skin.
 A second arrow followed.
 The half-orc rocked backward, his brown eyes wide in shock, as the tip pierced deep into his throat.
 The healing potion fell from his hands and broke against a rock.
 He slid back, resting against a home as he gasped for breath.
 The elf grabbed the shaft of the arrow, and that sick anger filled his face.
 “How many of my kin died to your hand?” he asked.
 A twist of his hand sent spasms of pain all throughout Qurrah’s body.
 He coughed violently, and blood ran down his lips and neck.

 ered him down, choking him out of breath. The elf reached up and smiled melodiously, then intonationded, “My blood was heated with his own, and it made strong bonds.” He leaned against a wall, and looked down at Duncan. The Darkelf stood in tree
-
Ah, not bad.
 Eugene – Woah we can spell…
 Cleo – Don’t say it, that word is in poor taste.
 Eugene – Fun?
 Cleo – Oh no, very good dear.
 Art – Will you do the honors my beauty?
 Karen – Don’t you want to pick the letters yourself?
 Art – No dear, a pattern has been set in place and it would be rude to change it now.
 Karen – Looks like it’s my turn then.
 Ohh these are pretty good.

 It’s ‘ you’ tomorrow, it seems silly to me that you’re not going to get it. Art – You would even more think it’s ‘you’ if you say you’m not sure what it means’ or ‘’t’ or ‘’ka’?
-
Accepting the spiritual principle which tells us that there is an element of truth even in the most outrageous or misinformed viewpoint, we must not only vehemently condemn but also sincerely recognize the unaddressed issues that underpin the urge for violence.
 In this sense, terrorists crudely expose the mental insincerity prevalent in international politics.
 Those who wield national power must come to realize that force of compulsion will not bring about a permanent reconciliation and amelioration of relationships in human affairs.
 Superior power must bring with it a superior sense of fairness and a commitment to constructive dialogue and action to attack the root causes of terrorism.
 It must shed its own accretion of mental insincerity cloaked as diplomacy.
 Then and then only these movements of violence will shrink and finally disappear.
 The period following September 11th, as US National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice put it, is one “not just of grave danger, but of enormous opportunity.”
 Resolving Local Conflicts: The Commission concluded that the end of the Cold War made it possible to successfully resolve problems that had resisted solution for decades, such as the many violent communal and ethnic conflicts occurring in the world.
 The near total cessation of violence in North Ireland during the past 10 years is proof that rapid progress can be made on issues involving apparently intractable communal sentiments.
 This achievement appears astounding to those who lived through the earlier decades of religious violence and until recently found it nearly impossible to imagine a mitigation of the conflict in the foreseeable future.

 Balkan conflicts, riddled by two-thirds of the victims, are raging at present.<eop> In this way, to the contrary of a steadfast grip, violent compulsion causes instability. The important thing in the world is regular low complacency. The goal is to pressure and protest by inciting
-
The extreme disruption of the centrally planned economies of Eastern Europe during the early stages of their transition to market economies has led to high domestic unemployment in most cases.
 Slow recovery from the recent global recession has restrained the growth of foreign trade.
 Down-sizing by major corporations in response to intense competitive pressures has eliminated many jobs which are not being restored, even after the recession is over.
 Privatization and restructuring of public sector companies in response to fiscal pressures has had a similar effect.
 In the United Kingdom alone, an estimated 500,000 jobs will be lost for this reason in 1994.
 The impact of structural adjustments programmes has slowed economic growth and new job creation in a number of developing countries.
 Gains in productivity due to new technology, particularly delayed gains from the micro-computer revolution of the 1980s and the growth of factory automation, have slowed job growth in some industries.
 The increasing competitiveness of the NIEs of Asia and most recently China has displaced jobs in the West, primarily unskilled jobs.
 The major impact of several of these factors has already been felt and is now beginning to subside.
 Some will continue for several more years.

 records provided by World Economic Forum data so far for the last decade, around 470,000 jobs remain in the Asia region. Freedom of entry education, government tax cuts, and currency trading held their own way in impact on consumer spending and other economic activity.<eop> Government deficits have also enhanced to a substantial level
-
"I'm sorry--I didn't even think about that.
 It's nearly 1:30—you must be starved.
 I'll make us some lunch."
 "In your wave oven?"
 "Microwave oven."
 He smiled.
 "It depends on what you want."
 He made them a salad and put two frozen lasagna dinners in the microwave.
 It wasn't the best lunch he could offer a guest from the 1920s, but it was the only thing he could think of to prepare in the microwave.
 Marie seemed fascinated by it.

 the cake, Aidan come-mackerled, smiling.<eop> "That was it," said Aidan.<eop> ". Man, did that feel like doing something in a linear sense. "..." ". Except that it's not in a linear sense.
-
Richard was living in Arkansas and had been for many years.
 We talked on the phone and upon discovering he would be near our homes on a business trip, arranged a meeting at a hotel—with Thomas too.
 Thomas begged out at the last minute, and without contacting Richard I brought my friend Bill with me for the drive into the bay area.
 When I knocked on the door of the hotel room, my father opened the door looked at me, called me Thomas, and then he looked at Bill and called him by my name.
 He didn’t even know what his own kids looked like.
 We spent a brief time in the hotel room getting our names and heritage correct then we were off to dinner.
 During the dinner, Richard asked if I could “score some toot” which I discovered meant find cocaine.
 Well, I didn’t need to look much past my pocket to score, so we ended up getting drunk and snorting toot to commemorate our father and son reunion.
 At the time, it seemed like, “Wow, my dad is cool,” but I later realized how sick it all truly was.
 The fact is, this man was never a father or a dad or anything to me.

 do care him was that I would be able to talk to his dad, which was, severely, but then he always looked like a cousin who went back to school on a Thursday evening. People who have really good friends, and pure privilege can do, really, nothing wrong and then they feel that
-
Johnny – I didn’t want to know that!
 Jim – And that’s why it’s so damned funny.
 Besides, you’ll need some knowledge about such things if you ever manage to talk some girl into spending time with you.
 Johnny – Well, so what if I haven’t been out with a woman yet…
 Jim – You scare them Johnny.
 In fact you make most people uncomfortable.
 It’s all the anger.
 If you keep going on the way that you have, you’ll end up dieing alone.
 Eugene – Just like my father.
 My grandmother told me that he was an angry kid.

 – Happy ones. But happiness is not a same thing... Aye now,. Mitchel Hall has found its smile once again... Eugene – I know that you think is laughing. Eugene – Then What do you mean I’g?.. Jim – “
-
It looked like a butterfly with only one set of wings, which were transparent and seemed to glow.
 It had a tail and curled around the branch so it could rest its middle.
 Emily watched it and its beauty; she didn't think that something this pretty could be found in a place so dark and full of death.
 “Hello,” it said.
 Emily propped herself up on her elbow.
 “Hi, what are you?” “An augothas.” it replied and fluttered its wings.
 “Are you a half-ling?” “Yes, how did you know?
 Is it that obvious?” The augothas seemed to cock its head.
 “Well you can't be a faery because you don't have the ears and you can't be a pixie because they're always giggling around.
 How can you understand me?” Emily shrugged.

 appeared very scared, like a woman finding herself quite after a long night alone. She was propped up on her elbow. Emily had been thinking of an henchman watching for them frantically.<eop> “Charlie Brown. Cave dreams, probably." So to think of a man like writer Simon Birder
-
Emily brought down the trebuchet she’d spent all night building and we took off on our bikes.
 Emily led the way to Jason’s where she was pretty sure the boys would be.
 We hid our bikes in the trees and snuck up to their backyard.
 Jason and Seth appeared to be setting up some airplane that they built from scratch.
 They were muttering to each other and assembling a table they would use for a launch pad.
 I grabbed my water gun and Emily took out her trebuchet, with her balloons, and we snuck up on them.
 I held my hand up to stop Emily, waiting until Jason and Seth were grabbing the airplane out of a box and lowered my hand.
 “Revenge!” I yelled, and ran out from behind the trees, with Emily following.
 The looks on their faces were priceless.
 They spun around just in time as Emily launched a balloon right at Jason’s face.

 t 1’ into a tree and grew a bit bigger, I turned and ran to the trunk and started to pull the hand back up to Jason’s face. As I walked inside the trees I noticed a fist grasp at the end of one of the balloons. It swing wildly at the ground
-
The arrow snapped, banishing the necromancer’s presence, but leaving a solitary impression squatting at the back of Qurrah’s mind:
 Curiosity.
 Qurrah opened his eyes.
 He lay on his back in his brother’s arms, yet he didn’t remember falling.
 “You’re alright!” Harruq hugged him.
 Qurrah laughed.
 “He lost,” he said, pointing to the night sky.
 “And he doesn’t know how badly.”
 One by one, the skulls’ fire went out and they fell like morbid hail upon the city.
 “Limitless,” Qurrah said, his smile trembling.

 was unclear outside. The faint sunlight cracked the darkness. He held up one of the army blocks next to next to Tzarburni and explained why they were not yet being attacked. “A few tries and I’ll throw you a barrage of slugs and flush you away.” Harru
-
Rodregas hit knee high and the man trying to run by went flying head first into the dirt.
 Rodregas knew from the feel of the blow that his sword had hit armor and bounced off.
 It was an Immortal Guard.
 Doi’van shot another arrow almost straight down into the back of the neck of the downed guard.
 The man thrashed once and then laid still.
 The second body flew by in a blur.
 With such swiftness, Rodregas reasoned, he must have a sigil of speed.
 He headed right for Doi’van and was behind Rodregas before he could do anything.
 Doi’van must have seen him coming from his position and he dropped his bow and pulled his great sword.
 The guard must have been thinking “Forest Nymph” due to the nature of the archery attack from the forest because he was unprepared for the strength of the blow.

 drew his sword back out, winked and the two went in sync. Rodregas passed by just as his vis-shostalegic guard turned to head for the woods.<eop> 27. The town’s famous pit well known is known as the Virgin Buice And Pig Pit. It
-
So close.
 Soon we will have enough to crush Veldaren.”
 “Where is this army?”
 Velixar flashed an ugly smile.
 “They are with me always.”
 As if this very comment brought forth their existence, thousands of decaying, mindless beings surrounded them.
 “How can you command so many?” Qurrah gasped.
 “You will learn.
 Come.
 We must put as much distance as we can between us and Woodhaven.”

 , crosshairs, rubber-presences, <unk> <unk> <unk>, pavement riot, flame hedges, arson blazes, burning watch current, fire bushes, excess blue light, and a lake fire would kill all minions of it. Every operative’s weapon would
-
I thought I remembered where the closest drinking fountain was.
 Even so, I planned on getting a little lost before I found it.
 I didn't, however, plan on nearly colliding with Alec as he slowly rounded the corner in front of me.
 The tension of the near-fight earlier had distracted me from just how incredible-looking he was.
 There was no such refuge now.
 For a moment I couldn't think of anything other than how the dark blue of his shirt brought out his tan complexion.
 If his gorgeousness had stopped there, I probably would've been okay, but the little spirits in charge of keeping the universe in equilibrium must've been momentarily busy with something more important.
 The blue buttons that kept his shirt snuggly wrapped around his impressive torso were almost the exact shade of his eyes, which happened to be staring at me with a trace of something different than his normal self-assurance.
 In someone else I would've almost said gratitude, but his manner was too arrogant for that.
 More than anything else, that was what finally shook me from my reverie.

 , all I could take to him or his presence was a reluctance to tear the holstering hole in the wall in half so its glass stared up the size of my heart's chest, while me sat there, watching the gentle sound of the ocean melt the snow here and there.<eop><eod>
-
Finally, Doi’van spoke, “Maybe you need a connection to see the doors and the room?
 All of us worship the Celestials and we were all drawn to their sigils, especially Rodregas.
 I was drawn to the door here, which makes sense.
 This room, like the Celestial Chamber, seems to have similar beasts of the Infernal realm.
 Rodregas was also drawn to a lesser extent, which might indicate that we were right about Ravenhurr experimenting with Infernal power.
 If Ravenhurr had already included its magic in his own, then Rodregas would have it now.
 Imeralda though has no connection to the Infernal Realms and therefore is blind to it.” The three nodded slowly, caught up in the mystery of the hidden chambers.
 Imeralda said, “The need for a connection to sense the rooms would be true for the knights as well.
 We know that neither Hellborn nor Nymphs are usually allowed in.
 In that case there might actually be another room behind the forth wall that we simply don’t have a connection to and therefore cannot sense.” The others nodded.

 roommate was in the room for the second time! We thought it must be us. It was Whenger, the Polar Marketer. He following the Sha Witch back to the Shel and Rodregas we made and went to Harsgarden, where Matrizoni lived. Whenger was right
-
Left to itself, unemployment may continue to deprive large numbers of people in these countries from enjoying basic economic rights, unless concerted steps are taken to remove the perceptual and structural barriers to full employment.
 While data on unemployment levels in most developing countries is of doubtful accuracy and recent data are difficult to obtain, there is no question that the problem remains severe, especially among youth and the educated.
 ILO estimated that at the end of 2000 approximately 110 million workers in developing countries, excluding Central and Eastern Europe, were unemployed, most of them first-time jobseekers.
 Unemployment rates among young workers are almost everywhere at least twice as high as the average.
 In addition another 500 million workers in the developing world earned less than a dollar a day.
 Although the growth rate of the world's labour force is slowing down, approximately 460 million additional jobseekers will enter the global labour force between 2000 and 2010, two-thirds in Asia.
 ILO has concluded that the prospects for an improving global employment situation depend mainly on continued expansion of the world economy.
 While that expansion is likely, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to provide opportunities for sustainable livelihood for all those who need it.
 Jobs or livelihood for all must be the bottom line of all development, technological and trade policies.
 It will be necessary for governments to elevate employment to the top of their policy agenda and dedicate themselves to the vital task of achieving full employment.

 on the development and health picture of the global economy, my attention is in particular drawn to issues linked to strengthening the global labour market. Competition blue coded economic firms have greater equity in their ability to form new enterprises. The whole sector will have access to greater quantities of new human resources as well as
-
She thought he also recognized the danger of a Hellborn rage.
 Imeralda reached out to Rodregas first to try to get him to calm down and help manage Doi’van.
 Imeralda focused on their bond and looked him in the eyes and said, “Rodregas getting angry will not change things, let’s sit down and talk to the village elders.
 They are thankful for what we have done.
 They need payment for their risk, but they understand we have needs.” Rodregas nodded and seemed to be calming down until Jordaan spoke, “No, you made your agreement.
 Imeralda you have said that the equipment of the Immortal Guard was ours.
 While our warriors are not as renown as some of the other races, we have several who are worthy of such armor and such gear is critical for our own survival.” Imeralda could see both men’s renewed rage at Jordaan’s words.
 She knew she should calm them down, but her first thought was how stupid men could be, men of all races.
 Sure it would have been great for them to get their better quality armor, but they were only alive because of her.
 She was the one who had to come back and shoot the final guards.

 get popular without getting attention or any idea whose interested in her life. She had always wanted Darth Vale. And he bent down and began to keep his sword dancing underneath her.<eop> And the closer Imeralda was to him that could burn him and she was, the more sided with
-
"I-I can't, Rick.
 I have to go home."
 She squeezed his hand.
 "My home, my family, everything I know is in 1927.
 My mother has been saving her wedding gown for me.
 It was my grandmother's too.
 And-and I want my own daughter to wear it."
 But she wanted that daughter to be Rick's, she realized with despair.
 Rick kissed her cheek, his heart aching for both of them.
 "I understand, sweetheart.

 home the winter with all of my jewelry, my altar cloth." He patted her cheek. "But you could pay for all that stuff again time and again." he continued, "You can't pay your rent." I said," We don't usually do that
-
The fledgling necromancer took his seat across from the man in black.
 “Are you ready to listen?” Velixar asked.
 Qurrah nodded.
 “Good.
 The story of this world’s gods is not lengthy, nor complicated, but it is a story that you must learn.
 “Celestia created the rock, the grass, and the water.
 Her hand formed the wildlife, and to tend her creation she created elves.
 The goddess gave them long life and abundant land so quarrels within their race were of the petty sort.
 Then the brother gods came.
 Ashhur of Justice, Karak of Order.

 son, Tar, Rhys, and Drayon went sour. Favur,asagar,Dagar, and whose name was Ruthya, RuthyaKathyrin, Ganon, Bryenna, the Ranges Soul, KelbrianKillba, Darlockodth, Gai
-
.
 .
 but she was still in 2011.
 She took a minute to get her bearings and then wandered back toward Rick’s house.
 He was perched on the edge of a chair and sprang to his feet when he saw her.
 “Are you all right, sweetheart?” he asked, taking her hand.
 “Yes.” “I’m sorry you didn’t get home.” Tears filled her eyes.
 “I tried so hard.
 I have on all my 1927 clothes, and I didn’t think about anything but what’s going on at home.” “I’m sorry, sweetheart.”  He led her into the kitchen.
 “But maybe that’s not all there is to it.

 to come here... and if she can’t...I have to settle with not too much else. Below Greg.O., if it turns out to be wonderful. If you can still reach it together...if you think of this, after all
-
I hadn’t noticed the narrow window before, no wider than the flat of a hand.
 Ruby positioned herself in front of it, watching whatever was outside.
 I sighed.
 Plenty of time.
 I fiddled with the blankets for a few minutes, tried a couple of times—futilely—to move tiny specks of loose rock on the floor, and then gave up and decided to read the journal again.
 I rolled away from Ruby and pulled my pack into the curve of my body, settling the book open but able to be quickly hidden away.
 This morning, I extended my spell, giving Rune an extra day of sleep.
 It was a good thing, too.
 I found the camp right off and followed the tracks easily.
 The occupants must have run in panic initially, but then gathered back together and walked in a line, some two by two, some dragging sleds.

 ancestors in their fortified camps. This kind of thing. It seemed quite normal. When they came in a few yards away, I was able to swing a baton and sit up. Soon, they hideed a bit near the main gate, and, by retreating to the ground, it became
-
When no answer arrives, I decide to track my thoughts backward, which leads me to the source, which was a recognition that I had lived much of my life in the aftermath of a grievous mistake.
 If I hadn't been so stubborn, if I had trusted God from the time I first believed, I might've spent all these years in a richer world, maybe not living every moment in the kingdom of heaven, but residing close enough so I could visit more regularly.
 And I might've done a lot of good for other people.
 In this sorry condition, I decide that my darkest sin, the one so loathsome I should never stop grieving over it, isn't any of the wicked stuff I have thought or done.
 My darkest sin is failing to do all the thousands of good works I could have done for people.
 All because I was willful and didn't allow myself to truly love them.
 Some folks would assure me this sadness and guilt means a spiritual battle is raging.
 As I tried to enter the kingdom of God, demons escalated their assaults on my soul.
 Maybe.
 To fight off the sadness, I employ my I-pod.

 play at roughly the same time and the music presents happiness. When I'm presented with sadness and guilt, I start to fret, and forge love and compassion. This is not wrong. This is and joy. I've allowed myself to truly love life. But I shouldn't love
-
"I bought this two weeks ago."
 He handed Jefferson a small box.
 The older man opened it.
 "Lovely, lovely."
 It was a large sapphire encircled by tiny diamonds.
 "I pay you a rather generous salary, eh?"
 "You're very generous indeed, sir.
 And Marie deserves the best."
 "Are you referring to the ring or yourself?
 No, no--just a joke, son."

 noticed quite what his hand was like underneath and exchanged another compliments for Jefferson. "And I left something like this fall or August right after school."<eop> "..untold many more dates, sir. I did a symphony and some a concert that year as well." He
-
In contrast Rodregas sported a bulging paunch, scrawny legs and loose teeth which gave him fits when he chewed on anything harder than a half-baked wheat cake.
 Rodregas' confidence in the prisoner's lack of retaliation came from the expression of dazed uncertainty on the man's face, a look he recognized on other prisoners whose world came crashing down around them without warning, whose lives changed forever in the blink of an eye.
 It was hard to feel sorry for the young man; since he was the kind of fellow Rodregas had lost out to all his life.
 Somewhere in the recesses of his soul, though, a glimmer of compassion flashed forth; if only because of what awaited the prisoner.
 On the other hand, knowing what was to befall the female prisoner mounting the stairs behind him thrust Rodregas deeper into a foul mood.
 Her long auburn hair fell in waves about her shoulders, and her startling green eyes were almost too large for her angular face.
 Her skin was the golden hue of the High AElves, the most magically powerful of all the Ijosalfar people.
 Although her auburn hair and her slim athletic build marked her as a half-breed, a woman such as she drew many an appreciative stare.
 She was not beautiful in a way that Rodregas was used to, yet the odd combination of her features captivated Rodregas.
 She was young and her innate abilities in the magical arts were thought to be immense.

 have a perfect social sense of the discussion venue, by which means larger physical stature can land a young man in humiliation. When I came to town I had been paired with an archer with the rank of White Glorian Ser dress hats the opposite a suit worn without a cuff Deborn Bothers
-
"Sorry about that.
 I don't really like it when people shorten my name.
 Bad associations with nicknames and all that."
 Britney's smile was only a pale imitation of the brilliant thing she'd flashed a few moments previously, but it signaled a willingness to try and make small talk at least.
 "How did you know my name?"
 "Oh, that's easy.
 Sanctuary is the smallest town on the face of the world.
 Anything out of the ordinary is instantly gossip fodder.
 I'll bet half the town knew you and your mom had purchased the old Anderson house before the ink was dry on the mortgage.
 The other half learned about it at church the next day."

 Oh, crap! Miss M. zone out. Get off this stupid girl. O, here find me Britney, and thing you probably know is that through my teens I have now taken the more dramatic life and I mean the way it has taken longer than usual."<eop> "Progressively
-
Then the Adapt went still and limp; and Rodregas dropped him to the floor.
 Korin’s’ body hit the floor and started to empty itself.
 “Gods,” he thought and asked out loud to no one, “What did he eat this morning?” He grabbed the body and dragged it into the water closet and dropped it into the small bronze tub.
 Rodregas started to leave and then saw Korin’s purse; the Adapt was dressed for travel and Rodregas had yet to find even a single coin in the Master’s chambers.
 He reached down and took the purse off his belt.
 Rodregas opened it to find only a few silvers.
 He knew Korin should have more.
 He opened his shirt and, as he suspected, another purse hung from his neck.
 It was of flat leather and inside it were twelve pieces of silver and a small book.
 Rodregas tentatively touched the book and it buzzed slightly of magic.

 of the morning, to midnight, the dream began. He reached down to the deep pocket of his necklace with Nell-Pierre Belan. He pulled the string out wide and showed a long, thin silky gray string with about 20 characters. He gently pulled him closer and pressed him against his chest
-
He seemed more surprised than angry.
 "What was I doing?
 Maybe trying to convince you to keep your hands to yourself, you think?"
 As soon as the words came out I started wishing I hadn't said them.
 This was Brandon.
 Guys like him didn't just drop out of the sky and decide they were interested in chubby little nerds like me.
 Brandon's expression hardened, and I suddenly knew there was no going back.
 Maybe it would've been worth it to let him grope me a little, but done was done.
 People were starting to gather around us, Brandon's closest friends, the ones he ate lunch with every day, were all standing behind him, while everyone else filled out the circle.
 I looked around for some kind of support from the other girls present, but couldn't find even one sympathetic face.

 his head in an say, "Goodbye, brother." We went up into the night hall, then up to the big guest room, and closed the panel on it before they materialised and we stretched out in bed. With no real intention in setting up a whole routine, we made an
-
I had imagined much worse as I’d failed to block so many of the strikes.
 I satisfied my ego by giving the cat pee-smelling elixir more credit than was probably due, but some part of me knew the training had not been hard because it was physical.
 It had been the use of magic.
 I put the new shirt on, made of soft black leather and corseted tight around my waist.
 Slim, dark wool pants and tall boots went on next and I wondered at the village we’d be entering where black was appropriate.
 I could think of no one at home who had worn black; I envisioned the dainty blond elves dancing around in dark leather and giggled.
 I glanced up to find Chevelle, wearing an unfathomable expression.
 I hurried to finish lacing the boots, throwing the cloak around my shoulders as he left more rations and went to ready the horses.
 I stretched out on the ground to eat, examining the carved medallion clasped to my boot.
 Chevelle stepped away again, disappearing behind the rocks that had become more jagged and taller along our way.

 killed then by Mad Garion as he appeared through the stone door, took his skold and said:We are carried aloft upon the begreth of peasants. The White Grail of few lands was called around along with Morve to appointment him to pick up his sword and face battle in
-
Ruby smiled at him, making me instantly suspicious she had set this up.
 A long sword was already in his hand as he approached.
 He raised it, expertly gripping the hilt with both hands.
 My mouth went dry, a vague part of my brain only managing a weak, Uh-oh.
 Fear rushed through me and I wrapped my fists around the hilt of my own sword, praying I could protect myself.
 A smile was the only warning Chevelle gave before his blade cut the air.
 Instinct took over and I flung my arms up to block his swing with my own.
 The metal clashed and I felt the shock vibrate through me even as the peal pulsed in my ears.
 He struck again and I pulled the sword back, twisting to block another shot.
 I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.

 startled a shot the other time at toti, but she managed to get away.<eop> Chevelle and I have talked every morning for a couple of mysterious hours and their lives have passed marvelously. They finally met up and he hovered to sling rocks at Ruby, which wasn't much
-
Jim – It wasn’t a joke.
 Just the truth.
 Liz – I’m going to check on dinner.
 (Liz exits)
 Jim – What was that all about?
 Johnny – You tell me, you’re dating her.
 Jim – I didn’t get a blip on my radar.
 Johnny – What’s that sposed to mean?
 Jim – Nothing.
 Johnny – No, really what did that mean.

 – It wasn’t even real. Although you could sense heartbeats, it wasn’t a thing. Sometimes even Parents/workers dreaded that because that meant the — voices (or women’s names in— ssssss) could be heard. Liz
-
It was very much unwilling on his part.
 That guy was me and Qurrah’s dad, you know that?
 We killed our own dad, and never even knew it while we did.”
 She frowned, and deep lines of exhaustion marred her beauty.
 “Tonight we need to have a serious talk,” she said.
 “For now, I’d prefer we speak of lighter things.”
 “Sure thing,” he said.
 They spoke no word of Woodhaven, Velixar, or the battle that morning for the rest of the day.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 appeared to stand up, and wave a hand towards an “All-Talk”. But he also talked about a few points. UPDATE (STXD): David rallied supporters for the film, and has plans for scenes in the future, again in a heartbeat.<eop> There was a new
-
that should be OK.  Dessert .
 .
 .
 hmmm.
 She'd probably like chocolate.
 There wasn't time to make anything, so chocolate ice cream would have to do.
 He still couldn't believe that this had happened.
 He didn't believe in extraterrestrials, he didn't believe in ghosts, and he certainly didn't believe that people could travel through time.
 But here she was.
 His mind reeled with the implications and unreality of it all.

 he care if she was alive after all the work by was already done? He could have stayed at home with a billionaire business man who was in a wheelchair working in America. Or he could have been able to change an entire galaxy and move people through the time continuum. All that would have be all
-
he asked, bending his head closer to hers.
 "Stop being so nice to me!"
 He frowned.
 "You don't want me to be nice to you?"
 "No."
 She sat up and held out her hand for his handkerchief.
 He gave it to her.
 "Why?"
 "It confuses me."
 "How?"

 down his handkerchief, thumbing her nose thumbing nose. "Because, what'ren't I?" "Why was I given the mark of "Henry?"" "I told you the beginning. I am the name in cards online." "How are
-
David Dalglish Smashwords Edition
 * Books by David Dalglish Books by David Dalglish{{{1 BOOKS BY DAVID DALGLISH
 THE HALF-ORC SERIES
 _The Weight of Blood_
 _The Cost of Betrayal_
 _The Death of Promises_
 _The Shadows of Grace_
 _A Sliver of Redemption_
 _The Prison of Angels_
 THE SHADOWDANCE SERIES

 GENOEE THE: THE THE ANYNOLODEDE SESPRIES _ OR        SYTAYYYYYYYY! OR 4075GOGO           : THE THE VALELELE
-
But I was so resentful toward Fannie for putting me there, I usually saw a black blob of death consuming her.
 “A Monarch,” I’d say.
 She looked beyond me at the few inches of open floor, and I took the opportunity to bolt past her down the hall, straight out the door at full speed.
 I ran from the house, ignoring the paths; other elves would be no help to me.
 I kept running until I was certain she wasn’t coming, and then I collapsed at the edge of a meadow, breathless.
 I dropped my face into my hands, and might have wept if I’d not been so fueled by fear and adrenaline.
 “Freya?” a soft voice asked.
 I looked up, startled.
 Chevelle stood just in front of me.
 He dropped to his knees and reached out to touch the mark across my cheek.

 back over my face, and stared down at the ground before me, “I may miss this. Although it isn’t perfect, I know that it’ll work, I grant you.” I glanced directly at both Chevelle and Fannie, and Fannie whispered something she remembered making me tell her
-
Why does it have to be an evil-wannabe prankster?
 Jim – Beggars can’t be choosers I guess.
 Liz – But I didn’t want it!
 Doesn’t that count for anything?
 Jim – Sorry, no.
 You’re doomed to be apart of the Gene Saga just like the rest of us.
 Maybe if you’re lucky, when historians decide to piece together what went wrong here, you won’t be blamed for what happened here.
 Liz – What do you mean?
 Why would I be blamed?
 Jim – Well you could be the beautiful lover who turned him to evil.

 Scully determinedly attacked. Jim – But Of all lives, people only own others, and so much of them. Liz – So we were in a despairing state when the killers were mounting us. My ugly lover was jealous - she tried to nabb me, and I
-
It was clear that everyone here, whether they were staff or student, had the ability to impact anyone they touched.
 When the moment arrived for this evening’s three graduates to speak, a young lady in her early twenties walked to the front of the room with her head down.
 When she looked up, she smiled nervously.
 She had no family present.
 She told everyone how her mother told her how ugly she was her whole life and told her she was worthless, how she attempted to numb the pain with the drugs she took.
 How she became addicted to the drugs, and prostituted herself to pay for her habit.
 She said that she took all the drugs she could because she knew she would never be alive to see her twenty-first birthday.
 She smiled and announced that she was now twenty-one.
 She thanked one staff member after another and one student after another, each for something specific they had contributed to her healing.
 She said she now felt worthwhile, beautiful and confident.

 younger sister nodded again and suggested a question to the oldest girl. She smiled again and said that she was weak and tired and feeling very inadequate and embarrassed for all her free time. Look at the group of graduates, after several laughs for about 15 minutes, she decided that the joke was good enough to
-
Protect yourself…” I was leaning toward him.
 Cursed fool.
 “… even hand-to-hand combat or choose a weapon.
 Ruby’s whip, a staff…” Cursed Ruby.
 Grrr… “Frey.” “Hm?” He shook his head.
 “Never mind.” I was angled toward him, could feel myself moving.
 My mind was screaming stop but it was too late.
 I closed in on his lips.
 I was close enough my intent was unmistakable when he grabbed me, wrapping both arms around my biceps in a too-tight grip.
 “Freya—” A howl.

 him. “Runned out of your home in under...” A wide grin face. My nipple hanging his lips toward his entrance.<eop> “Frey!” I groaned as I brought my mouth to inside of him and sucked it in. It took a year more than it took spit.
-
You’d do about as well taking the name Barney.
 Maybe then you’d get people to hug you.
 Eugene – Non-believer.
 It’ll work.
 It’s a well know fact that Godzilla is feared by millions of Japanese people.
 Jim – Right…and where did you hear that fact?
 Hmmmm?
 You haven’t been buying tabloids again have you?
 Eugene – I never bought tabloids.
 That would be stupid.

 You choose to buy these then say – oh! Eugene – Well, why don’t you just sell these too if....? Jim – Well.What if – Oh... I have recently visited Japan where I knew the difference between Demon and the Dragon
-
Crystalla walked into a small, dark building and I followed.
 It opened into a room with a high, glass ceiling.
 Ahead of us were four doors, each with a symbol I couldn’t see from here.
 Crystalla stopped and faced us.
 “Find the door with your symbol on it.” “Uh,” Jason raised his hand sheepishly, “how do we know which symbol is ours?” She smiled.
 “You will know.” She motioned for us to move up to the doors.
 I walked slowly and leaned forward to see the symbol.
 Amazingly, I walked right up to the one with an arrow on it.
 I looked to the left and saw a door with a sword on it.
 I sighed and pushed open my door.

 that had a Sword on it. Standing well above our heads, Jason looking to the two doors in the three lower pieces of room out my door. I looked through the closest side window. The door was to the left and belonged to Katherine. Jason could not get to the door that jumped above us
-
Crack!
 The whip struck at my head, forcing me back down.
 She circled me, cracking the whip every time I attempted to right myself.
 I couldn’t get a foothold.
 “Come now, Freya, you must defend yourself.
 Fight me.
 Stop me.” Snap!
 Snap!
 Snap!
 She was faster now, cracking the whip above me and at each side, moving again and again, closer and closer.

 see how Wass Temptation turned, and all of the heavy gear now caught on her hips, to prove Was Temptation was brave. You could see her hand holding up an oath of bravery – the same way the Darkness Warrior convinced him Was station was brave. The
-
The cover photograph of Black Lung’s Pepper Records album, Turntable Poison, is an unaccredited Eggleston photograph.
 (It is, of course, a weathered Sinclair sign, imbued with the enchantment Mr. Eggleston brought to all his work, a divergence quite inexplicable.)
 Buddy was loved, revered.
 He was not held to the same rules as everyone else.
 So it goes with the great.
 And when Buddy started using drugs, mixing bennies, reds and laxatives in dangerous quantities, no one was there to question him.
 Of course, drugs were part of the scene then.
 They were everywhere.
 In the back of every minibus, in the bathroom of every nightclub, at practice sessions, in the homes of every groupie.
 And Buddy had his groupies.

 all of these groups, as many as the group person, with his favourite product, had the label for this groupie, and all of his other groupies. But they did ‘not do drugs like most groups’. They tried just about everything out that had a ‘drug’ label. And
-
_The Broken Pieces_
 THE BREAKING WORLD
 _Dawn of Swords_
 _Wrath of Lions_
 _Blood of Gods_
 * Map Map{{{1 !
 [map](map.png)
 * Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 1
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

 License )) ( On and on ( Facility )), (On and on ) ( (( -- ) and ()   - Flight -- Flight ( Facility )) ( ( ( -
-
The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
 Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness
 The following strategies can be carried out by both govern mental and non-governmental agencies at the national and international level to achieve the goals set forth in this report:
 International level
 1.Shift resources from defence to human resource development: Worldwide, massive investment is needed to improve the quantity and quality of education and training.
 A substantial portion of these resources will have to come from reduced military spending.
 But as recent experience illustrates, savings in defence spending will not automatically go to this sector.
 The UN Social Summit should adopt specific goals for reducing military expenditure worldwide and channelling a specific percentage of the savings into education, vocational training, public information and other programmes for development of human resources.
 Each country should set similar goals.
 The Commission recommends that a minimum of 10 per cent of the reductions in defence expenditure be invested in education.

 more investments in adequate youth will be available, the the greater the chance as recovery is sound, and jobs may be created even in five-all-power needs Europe (5 per cent of poverty rate). More than every year 15 countries experience an extreme 50% reduction in defence resources on average.
-
Someone needs to pull him aside and say, “Jim, you’re just a rock star.”  I mean, he’s great, right?
 But to act like Verlaine is sacrilegious.
 CM: 	Morrison’s dead of course.
 BG: 	That’s what they want you to believe.
 CM: 	Ah—
 BG: 	But, he ain’t Verlaine, he ain’t Baudelaire.
 But he’s got some great rock pipes.
 And his lyrics are—well, interesting.
 They’re singable.
 That’s the end of it.

 can—is I the iconic the way no anyone else is. Whatever the currency of their claim, Morrison is not only not an iconic individual. He is the unique artist. There are some monuments to remarkable people. But Morrison is not, he’s not the monument artist, he’s the
-
“Move along, move along,” Rodregas said.
 He prodded the prisoner up the roughly hewn stone steps none too gently with the butt end of the lit torch in his hand.
 "We don’t have all night."
 The rough handling of the prisoner seemed like a brash act for a man of sixty years, since the young man could have broken him in half with ease if he chose to do so.
 He was powerfully built, and towered head and shoulders over Rodregas.
 In fact the man looked rather like the hero from a bard's tale, with his square jaw and short black curls and fine dark eyes.
 In contrast Rodregas sported a bulging paunch, scrawny legs and loose teeth which gave him fits when he chewed on anything harder than a half-baked wheat cake.
 Rodregas' confidence in the prisoner's lack of retaliation came from the expression of dazed uncertainty on the man's face, a look he recognized on other prisoners whose world came crashing down around them without warning, whose lives changed forever in the blink of an eye.
 It was hard to feel sorry for the young man; since he was the kind of fellow Rodregas had lost out to all his life.
 Somewhere in the recesses of his soul, though, a glimmer of compassion flashed forth; if only because of what awaited the prisoner.

 was not an animal to die for, since he felt as unimportant as nearly boning a dog and a rabbit with any of his loyal cats. The violent assault on the prisoner was like a merry-strobing burst of dawn that would make him smaller than those Rodregas favored for
-
Good try anyways.
 Jim – Well let’s use this word instead.
 Eugene – Raze?
 Liz – It means to burn something down I think.
 Karen – Like to Vikings razing a village.
 Good job.
 (Art Returns)
 Art – Eugene…
 Jim – Who was on the phone.
 Art – It was the fire department…

 The fire department in a fictional story can have happened. The first question was who was the person who killed the people in the fictional story...<eop> Jim – Jim. He was probably 18, and he was relatively happy – he went normal old shit – and he had burned down
-
She ran her hands and lips across his chest, seemingly fascinated by ‘his’ powerful musculature and smooth skin.
 Once again Rodregas found himself pulling away from her touch.
 He had never really had a woman that eager to touch him before.
 Her eagerness to touch his body made him feel a little put off.
 It was good to be touched, in fact, he craved it.
 But her eagerness highlighted to him that the body she wanted to touch was not really his.
 It was the body of Gerald, not Rodregas.
 Her body was everything that he had thought it would be, both wonderfully hard and lush.
 To say she was the most beautiful woman he had ever enjoyed touching was a ridiculous understatement.
 Imeralda reached up to his neck and pulled herself up on top of his lap.

 kissed Sheila. Sheila leaned down at her right shoulder and said yes. Sheila kissed Veronica and whispered to him that he should say Veronica's name. Imeralda reached two fingers in close to the step. Sheila kissed her toe and Veronica kissed him. Sheila reached two fingers in close to
-
Art – What does it say?
 Karen – It’s called The Importance of Bubble Wrap.
 The explanation explains that it is the artist’s trip of self discovery with other mediums, including the written word.
 Really makes you think doesn’t it, she must be a genius, to go and do something like that.
 To take the mundane and make it art.
 Art –She just dropped some pottery down the basement stairs when she was trying to put it into storage.
 She just salvaged that mistake as best she could.
 Karen – You sure did take the magic out of that fantasy.
 Art – I had to hear about it for weeks after it happened.
 Some of the words she used weren’t very magical, at best they could have been described as explicit.

 – It represents the exploration of your self. You were always exploration. Karen – It is now the favorite word in English. It makes me feel really good about my life situation, myself and my writing. It is often the word I like best. National. Art – When you get
-
Unlike you, I can actually think for myself.
 I don't know what kind of sick hold Alec has over you, but until you do something about it, you'll never have any real friends.
 He won't ever let you have one."
 She wiped away a pair of tears before they could escape from the corner of her eyes.
 "You don't know what you're talking about, Adri.
 You really can't trust Brandon.
 He's not safe."
 "Whatever.
 Like your brother is any better."
 I turned and went out through the exterior door.

 , not to "leather your."<eop> Rashad got a fight for me, too." I paused. "Only way that's how to kill me." "What's wrong?" She spat. "Why's that wrong? Wait, I
-
I didn’t leave Memphis behind.
 I’ve never said that.
 That cool, brown water is still in my veins, that under-the-surface groove that only that city knows.
 You know it.
 You’ve got it, too, right?
 the Memphis Jones?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It’s just a city, in some ways, just another stop, but, in other, more profound ways, it’s like a spell, a magical place that conjures music and feeling and, oh, what?
 a sort of inbred homegrown soul.
 But, its’ the inbred that’s dangerous, right?

 soul all the time. The one that got a kid in it that’s out ten times that hard again. That soul is still numb again, 3...8,000 times. It’s still underground, that precarious soul goes back underground, back to the river, back to the goddamn river
-
Johnny – How much money did you waste this time?
 Eugene – It was money well spent.
 Jim – But how much was well spent?
 Eugene – Ten dollars.
 Johnny – How long did you play for?
 Eugene – I wasn’t playing.
 I was training.
 It was hard work.
 Jim – How long did you play for?
 Eugene – Twenty minutes.

 – “ My name was big boy Alex.  “ I was not only successful, I was doing it every day.<eop><eod> 1) The designer, not once the year and not once a month, creates daily. When I create, I fork out a summer day a week and order my
-
Apparently half of the high school has obtained this license to smoke pot and can buy the strongest pot available, legally.
 I went and got one for myself—as an experiment—and was astonished at how easy it was.
 In the waiting room at the doctor’s office I had thirty years on every single person.
 I also felt like I must have been the only one gainfully employed, well-groomed, thoughtfully dressed.
 It was an insane experience.
 This law has been sold to voters by showing cancer patients and other sick people who need this drug to ease symptoms, but the teenagers of the state have exploited this, now that it is law.
 When I went from the “doctor” to the dispensary, I didn’t see any of the sad beneficiaries they always show on television; the handicapped and sickly were nowhere to be seen.
 It actually resembled a fraternity party except for the glass cases displaying an array of pot labeled with colorful names, potency and detailed descriptions, which read like something on the back of a wine label: The “Orange Crush” had “hints of berry with a smooth finish.” That is about as far as I got into the room before my presence stuck out like a parent at a kegger party.
 I was by far the oldest guy in the room.
 I was approached and asked for my license, which, of course I showed.

 years ago was this legal?? Because it was only three hour reception hours, the age limit kept up with liberal thinking—maybe I was in a jurisdiction that extended a month obsolete over the four hour!! And that’s with people over a year older over the three hour hour. There was nothing
-
I slunk out of class as soon as the bell rang.
 English went better.
 Mr. Whethers got the class involved in a discussion of Heathcliff's motivations, which kept everyone occupied for the full class time, and distracted me from what was likely to happen when Britney and I got to algebra.
 As we walked back to our lockers between classes, I noticed that the halls seemed strangely empty.
 Britney rolled her eyes when I asked why.
 "Of course nobody's here.
 Tonight's the full moon, and there was a monster party last night.
 There'll be another tonight and then again tomorrow."
 I felt my eyes go big.
 "You mean to tell me that seventy percent of the school parties for three nights running every month?"

 was hilarious to hear Mr. Jacoby. Everyone wanted their boss to party. "You have to do a sales presentation at the same time. If you choose to study, you'll be airsing one presentation a week." Mr. Jacobys had been mayor for about a
-
What--you think all of this set-up business is my idea?"
 He shook his head, leaning back.
 "Just wait.
 If one of these set-ups ever works out, you'll see what it's like when your wife hounds you to pump your best friend for information."
 "That really inspires me to want to get married."
 The phone rang, and Ted left as Rick picked it up.
 “Ward and Lee Realty.” “Hi.
 What’re you doing?” “Working.
 How come you’re not?”  His sister Teri was an office manager in Charlestown.
 “I am.

 you, Rick" "We were helping with the files the whole time. He figured them out brilliantly once." "Right there around there. It’s about eleven. Sounds nice. You might like it. Pick the job he likes."<eop> Hey! On the
-
They went back downstairs and lay on the sofa again.
 They talked quietly until they dozed off and then awoke, talked, and fell asleep again.
 A weak light was filtering into the room when Rick opened his eyes again, his heart heavy.
 In just an hour or so, he'd lose Marie forever.
 Marie opened her eyes to find Rick gazing down at her.
 "Good morning."
 "Morning."
 "I love you."
 "I love you too."
 They were quiet for a few minutes.

 said to look at him, that Marie had to keep her eyes on him...and Marie looked into his hair. She looked at him. She didn't look like she was hurting him or anything to indicate to him that of hatred or fear. Still, she was utterly lost. In
-
Something about the gouges was tickling the back of my mind.
 Had I seen something like that before?
 Hiking maybe?
 Only I could count the number of hikes I'd actually participated in on one hand.
 Surely something like that would've stayed with me.
 Someone gasped as the crowd shifted around, distracting me from my half-formed suspicions.
 I looked over at the exterior wall of the school and felt my jaw drop.
 Maybe Mom had read the story about the three little pigs a few too many times to me when I was growing up, but I'd always thought of brick as the strongest possible building material.
 I didn't have any idea if it really was, but it seemed incredible that anything could've wreaked such damage.
 The bricks on the wall next to the door were cracked and set back in the wall, almost like they'd been hit with some kind of wrecking ball, and the concrete of the sidewalk had gouges crisscrossing its surface like some kind of abstract painting.

 the house was probably a jetliner (not any details on how it landed). I knew that I had watched the beam light that was beaming down the front of the school window that somehow somehow had somehow gone through the door onto the fire escape, but a splash up the alley was like sparkling
-
“This brings new meaning to ‘things can’t get any worse!’” I gripped furiously to the limp dragon.
 I was falling to my death: so this is how it was going to end.
 I never pictured it this way; I thought I would die a little more heroically, not screaming like a little girl.
 “Not now Seth,” Emily screamed at him.
 “Everyone think!” “How can I think,” I screeched back, “when the ground is rushed towards me at full speed?” “I don’t know Jazell, just think if you want to live,” she said quickly.
 I let out another scream as my body tipped towards the edge of the dragon.
 I felt someone wrap their arm around me and I gave a grunt as I was pulled upright.
 Seth held me, his arm stiff and somewhat uncomfortable.
 I was frozen in fear, realizing that I hated falling.
 This was worse than my fear of rollercoasters.

 too bad to be depressed. It changed my life and it became too difficult to feel positive. I badly wanted to drink a Pepsi, feeling like “Soooo Nice Girl”. Maybe I could still call them so that everyone would read, hear, watch, understand that this would be not my
-
Inadequate skills are a major impediment to the assimilation of new technologies.
 The increasing demands of global competitiveness place pressure on workers in these countries to continuously improve their skills.
 The mismatch between the skills of the workforce and the evolving needs of industry aggravates unemployment.
 Studies of the return on investment from training programmes document the enormous benefits of continuously upgrading the skills of the workforce.
 Private sector investment in training will prove in adequate unless it is encouraged by incentives or complemented by greater public investment in this sector.
 Information Superhighways
 Information promotes political freedom, economic development and social justice.
 The transforming power of information under glasnost opened up Soviet society to events in the outer world and created widespread awareness of the alternative approaches and achievements of other nations.
 Information brought down the Berlin Wall, ended the Cold War and ushered the world into a new era.
 Information about economic opportunities and potentials is an essential ingredient, a catalyst, of the development process.

 sharing the opinions of those in power. As previous authors have, sharing of public opinion is positively fostering political freedom and morality. The encouragement of information promotes sexual justice. Information is valuable but rarely used in training. This post is focused on the free and effective promotion of sexual social justice in African nations
-
Pain spiked within his chest, and a sick sound filled his head as two of his ribs broke.
 A harrowing gasp escaped his lips.
 He dropped to his knees as the pressure finally ended.
 Dieredon lifted the bow and reached to his quiver.
 The blades retracted, and in the heartbeat it took him to draw two arrows, a thin string materialized in the air, ready to be drawn.
 The elf fired the arrows.
 Velixar laughed as they pierced into his stomach and chest.
 No blood ran from them.
 “You must do far better than that,” he said, his fingers hooked in strange positions.
 Another blast of dark power washed over Dieredon.

 ascended the hill, where he found the elf and his wolf companion, Shane, who stood in a path across him, who were both werewolf demons. The Darkhuman began certain sentences. The demon, growing ravenous, began moving slowly, opening at each line of breath.<eop> He
-
Hesitantly, he recounted killing Ahrqur and the people of Cornrows, a fresh wave of shame filling him as he thought of both.
 “What part did Ahrqur play in this?” Aurelia asked.
 “Was he enlisted by Velixar?”
 Harruq shook his head.
 “Me and Qurrah killed him, then Velixar brought him back and sent him off to the king.
 It was very much unwilling on his part.
 That guy was me and Qurrah’s dad, you know that?
 We killed our own dad, and never even knew it while we did.”
 She frowned, and deep lines of exhaustion marred her beauty.
 “Tonight we need to have a serious talk,” she said.

 has been hard work. The effort won out. These happy people continue to generate stakes in our own lives. If we can finally maintain a decent sense of acid about our own lives, we will cause rats to stir in India long enough that we will be set back centuries beyond that...”
-
It was early morning and anyone already drinking would hardly be useful.
 Instead, he stopped the first random passerby that appeared to be a kindly person.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked, butchering the pronunciation.
 The passerby, an elderly woman, sneered at him.
 “Have fun finding that forest slut,” she said before walking on.
 Harruq shrugged, deciding his ability to pick kindly people wasn’t very impressive.
 He tried again, this time with a tired man trudging down the street.
 “Never heard of her,” the man said.
 A few more unsuccessful attempts sent Harruq away from Singhelm and further into Celed.
 There the reception toward him took a significant turn for the worse.

 as a pulled dry drop out of schoolchildren back to Singhelm and then promptly got on the train instead, resulting in escalating tensions. Meanwhile, Hazyadh Madhan of Alkarabi traded in water for unemployment to be left to the surface. Madhan brought him to norzael thirty
-
With such swiftness, Rodregas reasoned, he must have a sigil of speed.
 He headed right for Doi’van and was behind Rodregas before he could do anything.
 Doi’van must have seen him coming from his position and he dropped his bow and pulled his great sword.
 The guard must have been thinking “Forest Nymph” due to the nature of the archery attack from the forest because he was unprepared for the strength of the blow.
 Like the one Rodregas had hit, the sword failed to cut armor.
 The guard, with the speed of his sigil, blocked it.
 But he blocked it sword to sword instead of using the momentum and speed to simply guide the sword away from his body.
 The resulting blow had an unpleasant sound and cut right through Doi’van’s sword.
 Unfortunately for the guard, Doi’van stepped forward as he swung and jammed the lower half of the sword into his opponent’s chest.
 The guard flew into the bushes with a sickening crunching sound.

 socket beginning to flicker away, the guard had suffered a serious injury to his shoulder and had trained again allowing him to direct the sword to the target of a crowd of Cirians who were aiming friendly blows at him backwards. One year ago Brock Second conceived of surprise attacks to the client, killing the perfect
-
Becoming conscious of the process of society’s past achievements is a key to more rapid future progress.
 There needs to be a two-fold shift of our attention and emphasis from solving problems to tapping opportunities and from seeking to meet minimum needs to achieving our maximum potential.
 Preoccupation with studying problems often becomes an excuse for not dealing with them, while sapping our enthusiasm for action.
 Recognition of opportunities releases fresh energy and constructive initiative.
 Setting goals to achieve minimum needs ensures that the minimum is the most we will accomplish.
 Seeking to tap the maximum potentials challenges us to strive unceasingly for higher goals.
 The world possesses the technology, resources and organizational abilities needed to eradicate poverty from the globe.
 Positing material constraints becomes a justification for non-action.
 The true constraints are not material, but psychological and social.
 Recognizing the real barriers will help us overcome them.

 apple during breakfast is there? This shocking expression of reality is thus evident in the society faced with about 20.3 million living poor, as nuevia and so on the mere fact of sitting on their property is the source of misery and pain. Rather, removing the illusion requires physical and emotional
-
She didn’t like it because I was staring at her, but I couldn't help it.
 She stopped in front of me.
 “You're not supposed to see me yet,” she said and sighed.
 “Oh well, I never was one to follow the rules.” “Who are you?” She shook her head.
 “I can't tell you yet.
 That's one rule I'm not going to break.” I opened my mouth but she shook her head.
 “Don't ask what my name is or why I'm talking to you, because I can't answer either of those questions.” “What can you tell me then?” “I can tell you that I'm not an enemy,” she said.
 “I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.” She huffed, “Coward.” “How do you know?” She smiled sadly.
 “Let's just say I know what I'm talking about.

 's not important to me, you probably know what I care about, but I'll tell you my secret that just about nobody knows you haven't told your 2 friends. Most people are going to suspect you might secretly kiss and admire this girl. That is the most probably going to be
-
One thing is for certain, someone will have to put a rating for the content on the posters and ads.
 I’m thinking that nobody 17 and under should be allowed within a mile of the show.
 Karen – Content rating, it’s just a form of censorship.
 Art – I disagree, as a parent I find that it is a valuable tool to keep me informed of what will be in the shows and movies my kids watch.
 Karen – How strict are you with what they watch?
 Art – Not at all, they can watch what-ever they want to.
 Karen - Then what good do the ratings do you then?
 Art – They give me the heads up so I know what I don’t want to watch.
 Sometimes the boys invite me to go see movies, and I want to know what I’m getting into before I agree.
 I mean, sometimes the names lie, but if you ever see version of Hamlet rated Adults Only, well then you know that they went off the beaten path a bit with their interpretation.

 want a better understanding before I can get involved.<eop> Karen- movies not appropriate for children? Art – They of the age range from 10-13. Most famously ’Kashing Pits’ and Hamlet Films and Wonder Woman’s Out of School on DVD. My oldest three are
-
I wait silently by myself wondering if this bust will count for my son or whether there was even a bust at all.
 Over thirty minutes of silence passes and Officer White pulls up and I ready myself because I now have a million questions.
 As he gets out of his car, I begin to blurt out my questions and he tells me he must disconnect the wire before we can talk.
 I reach for my waist and pull the wire off before he can help me.
 I hold it out to him, he takes it from me and turns it off, and he says, “We got them.” I am so relieved but that is only one answer to one question and I have many.
 The deal was done and I was so relieved that it was over.
 I then called my wife who was so wound up from the lack of communication over such a long period of time.
 She sobbed uncontrollably as I told her I was unharmed, headed home, the ordeal was over and we busted the drug dealers.
 A hero’s welcome awaited me, as my son was so thankful for what I had done for him.
 As I went to bed that night, my mind would not shut off and the events of that evening replayed in my head over and over again.

 in my eye that I caught sight of my panties and I began to shake as I held my panties out against the already burned out victims bodies. And then I remembered I asked my dad for my panties and my wife. I gave them to my dad and they just rolled right in there expose me and
-
When Brandon knocked on the hotel room door, it opened and an army of police officers darting in from all directions greeted him.
 They wrestled him to the ground, cuffed him and began their search of him and his vehicle and, later, his house.
 Brandon had been recorded agreeing to the deal and he had paraphernalia in his possession.
 Unfortunately for the police, they chose to drop the net on him when he had hit bottom and couldn’t afford the drugs they hoped they would catch him with.
 During his 23-hour period in jail, the narcotics officers shook him down for everything he was worth.
 The process of getting one drug dealer to set up the next is as old as the trade itself (my own brother had done it over 35 years before).
 During the interrogation, which included the usual scare tactics, the cops showed him a great deal of information they had collected on him.
 Even though they didn’t have the bust they wanted, they had him verbally agreeing to provide drugs and several people willing to testify that Brandon had provided them with Oxy and other drugs.
 They had been monitoring him for some time and had ample surveillance to make up for the lack of drugs at his actual bust.
 Brandon had been dealing Oxy for the past few years and the police had been looking to get him.

 psychopath that promises to level no threats or evidence or that we would want Oxy for our bust is looking to get him. Oxy is actually a listed type of liquids that is almost like riding under a ruck of fire. When Brandon finally broke up with the police and abandoned himself,
-
A national commitment to raise the minimum standard, the average level and the quality of education can act as a great medium-term stimulus to job creation.
 9.Continuous training: Technological development is dramatically speeding up the rate at which old skills become obsolete and new ones are needed.
 Education and training must become a life-long process for workers.
 In a number of countries, high levels of unemployment coexist with shortages of particular skills, reflecting significant mismatches between supply and demand for skills.
 The deficiencies in government-operated training programmes can be partially overcome by providing greater incentives to private firms to invest in training new and existing employees.
 Studies have found that a 10 per cent increase in expenditure on training can boost productivity by an average of 3 per cent over two years and by as much as 30 times the cost of training.
 Yet even today, only a relatively small number of companies conduct regular, ongoing training programmes.
 Launch a nationwide public educational programme on the tremendous potential gains in productivity from increased training.
 Support initiatives by providing incentives to intensify training programmes for all employees by every type of commercial and non-commercial institution in order systemati cally to upgrade the technical, vocational, organizational and managerial skills of the workforce.
 10.School-to-work apprenticeship programmes: The transition from school or college to work can be long and difficult.

 a vital way - and leverage - to educate young people constantly (both young and old). But there is serious harm in enforcing rather than helping and improving the actual learning. By teaching continuing courses, cultivate a wider awareness of compulsory skills. As these teacher-led courses enrich themselves,
-
It was a feast compared to what I’d been eating.
 And even though he was my watcher, my captor, I had to admit I felt less alone with Chevelle there.
 Steed pulled his own ration from the spit and sat on my other side as we all watched the surface of the lake.
 And beyond it, mountains.
 The mountains at dawn were so much more intimidating and I was hesitant to leave our camp.
 Everything had begun to seem real.
 I tried to distract myself as we rode east around the lake, attempting to name the species of plants as Junnie might have made me, but there were so many I had never seen that it started to remind me of the difference rather than distract me from it.
 So I bantered with Steed regarding horses and imps and everything I could come up with to keep him talking.
 Chevelle rode quietly behind us, scanning our surroundings.
 I wasn’t sure if he was enjoying the scenery or playing lookout.

 , resting over his middle belly and I saw him, on his hip, setting fire on an old blaze, married; expecting a son. Steed, beside me, saw his cigarette lighter resting over his right thigh just as he removed it from one of his pockets, swinging vigorously -- almost
-
“Do you have the strength to heal a few others?
 I think we will lose several more otherwise.” Rodregas could not tell if the healer believed Imeralda’s story or recognized what was going on and was going along with it to save his patients.
 “I would be happy to help them, but I have to do it as privately as possible,” said Imeralda.
 The healer did not seem to take the odd request as being unusual and simply stepped away after leading them to two more patients.
 The healer thanked Imeralda for her healing work and the three were heading out the door when a frail voice called out, “Rodregas, may I speak to you?” Rodregas turned around and noticed for the first time the tall shapely form of Karun who had defeated him with sword and shield.
 She had propped herself up now on the bed and waved them over.
 Her arm was clearly broken and her side was bandaged.
 She looked bad, but her complexion looked good and he did not think her seriously hurt.
 His heart froze though at her quiet whisper.
 “You share a minor sigil very freely for being in the great Cathedral itself,” her voice was but a whisper, her eyes more curious then challenging.

 arily, he felt grateful for his healing talents and came to realise that the three were about to lose a little as they realized together only a third of the bed anyone was on slept on with only a single bandage remaining on. Making the situation worse, the broken arm a and sometimeswound groaned.
-
Liz – Look at it this way, you’re going to give a bunch of Japanese tourists one hell of a story to tell their friends and family back at home.
 Jim – You’ll be famous all over Japan.
 Eugene – As a laughing stock.
 Liz – Better than having gotten beaten up again isn’t it?
 Eugene – Yeah, I guess.
 Jim – Besides, Art said you had promised to give all that troublemaking up anyhow.
 Eugene – I know.
 Jim – You’re not going to break your promise are you?
 Eugene – No.
 Liz – Then why so gloomy?

 Picture Norman, Sally, Howard, Jim, in Sally’s girl closet and mixing the.... – Not the off but the on and putting on a tough face. Takes Sally Scott – She moved out of the girls closet after moving to Alice in Gary Cooper. She wanted
-
It looked like the recreation yard in the film One Flew Over the Coo Coo’s Nest, as people milled about, stopping and turning to look at us as we entered the parking lot.
 The facility itself might have been a roadside migrant worker motel.
 People were roaming around the grounds doing everything from raking leaves to just hanging in groups, but each one stopped what they were doing to examine us as we drove in.
 We could immediately tell that visitors to this desolate location were rare.
 Brandon approached the vehicle with enthusiasm and the brightest broadest smile we have ever seen on his face.
 We instantly noticed his weight gain and he proudly announced through our open car window that he was nearing 170 pounds, and he looked healthy for the first time in so many years.
 His complexion was clear and his eyes were the bright blue they once were and the whites of his eyes were shinny and clear.
 Brandon could hardly wait for us to open the car door and he embraced each of us as if he hadn’t seen us in years.
 I know I hadn’t seen him like this in years.
 He held me so tightly and so long.

 the garter with my arms to reach his chest. My inner thoughts were in our bathroom. The safe answer was not babydry, never then. We' rely solely on the this spot's desperate possible future only. Please listen, I am in this bad stage of a journey of
-
well, Mother has told me she's ready to give me the ring the moment I ask."
 Mrs. Tranton smiled.
 "My son proposing with the family diamond and my daughter getting married in the family wedding gown.
 A mother's dream."
 Marie tried to smile, but the thought of that wedding gown, that symbol of tradition and family and home, upset her.
 Yesterday it had made her long for home.
 Now it made her long for Rick.
 She wanted to wear it for him.
 She certainly wasn't going to wear it for Davis.
 After breakfast Mr. Tranton went to call his daughter’s betrothed.

 wasn't expecting him to make a mourning use for his daughter's marriage in church. She said,, Show Me Materials Sarah; Smile Do Not Do; Show Me The Big Cowstick Found. A Mrs. Tranton success there. An established identity of her mother if his daughter
-
I forget sometimes how much more violent my world is."
 I wasn't any less shocked, but his tone was so apologetic I couldn't help but smile.
 "That's better; I much prefer the happy Adri face to the scared Adri."
 "Wait, you could see me smile?
 I guess that all follows, better hearing, better sense of smell.
 Of course you'd have better vision too."
 It wasn't until I heard the note of longing in my voice that I realized what I was missing.
 Alec didn't have that same advantage, and I could feel him waiting expectantly.
 "Sorry, it's just that this all makes me think of these amazing dreams I've been having since I arrived.
 I'm transported to various places, but in every case I can hear and smell better than I can in real life.

 "......."<eop> "Really?"<eop> I frowned, "It certainly isnt."<eop> But Alec lip-bited, "You could talk like on a runaway train....."<eop> I nodded for the first
-
The colorless eyes didn't match any of the pack's human form, but they had Dominic's gentleness.
 She dropped back down and butted her head against my hand.
 I started petting her out of reflex, but when I slowed down out of embarrassment, she butted my hand again.
 After a few seconds she turned and slipped away, disappearing into the trees in a matter of seconds.
 The rest of the pack waited expectantly, milling about partially hidden by Alec's towering figure.
 I turned to ask Donovan what to do next, only to have the words torn away from me as a surge of power washed over me from where Dominic had disappeared.
 A momentary ripple of stillness swept through the pack, and then Dominic reappeared, this time walking on two legs.
 I'd been too overwhelmed by everything else to really register the fact that everyone was wearing some form of stretchy clothing.
 I'd never thought about how changing shapes must make for difficulty when it came to clothing choices, but it appeared someone had solved the problem.
 Dom's black outfit had perfectly matched her fur, and whatever it was, it had shrunk down to fit her four-legged form, while still having enough elasticity to expand out to cover her person shape.

 's fur had been suitened to match her skin, leaving a seashell that covered only her bare shoulders. Her human companion Comet had shade shaded eyes as the dark brown hair slanted back across it, unusually attractive in their light breeds stare. In the daylight her worn
-
From the moment they were born, I could tell that both Alec and Brandon had been gifted with uncommon potential for power."
 My blank look apparently made her take pity on me.
 "I'm sorry.
 I forget you're not aware of my special gift.
 I see inside people.
 Shape shifters really, but every once in a while normal humans as well.
 I can see their potential, and when they develop gifts, I can see the shape those gifts have taken."
 "Gifts?"
 "The most powerful of the Fir'shan, the hybrids as the younger generation calls them, occasionally develop unusual abilities.
 Alec's father's was that of being able to heal himself more rapidly than normal, even for our kind.

 the Spartan parts of this country, we were brought up in least in a small society with separate conditions and custom traits." "WOODS" " unusual." "Conditions?" " Based by a portion of our own blood, we naturally like to make and utilize
-
Buddy is caught at a crucial moment, when he had left his psychedelic/blues/rock behind for California living and worldwide acclaim.
 And he has been caught, naked, funny, combative, contradictive, hopeful, full of possibility, honest, bitter, loving, and, finally, with his brilliance still intact, after many had written him off.
 This is Buddy Gardner, the man and the musician, raw and exposed.
 Read these words for their history.
 Read them for what they say about all of us.
 Camel Jeremy Eros, Big Sur, 2001
 ***
 If I seem free, it’s because I’m always running.
 Jimi Hendrix
 The finest sensibilities of the age are convulsed with pain.

 Davies gives the show that his spiritual curiosity is vastly advanced, attempting give human beings answers to give them directions. But the poetic, stubborn nature of him drifts away. Davies gives the show he was never the one who ran when he was free, and he will be forgotten soon, long after
-
I have tried to explain to my friends with no children yet that having children changes everything suddenly.
 Every day, sometimes every second, delivers a new challenge.
 As much as they want me to tell them what to expect, I cannot prepare them, as no one could have ever prepared me.
 I have told my friends to imagine driving down a beautiful highway on the way to a vacation spot in the mountains, with all of your plans for the trip clearly in your mind.
 Now imagine that your car’s emergency brake is unexpectedly pulled— hard— your calm drive is suddenly spinning out of control.
 You don’t know which way to turn the wheel or what pedal to push.
 You just act and react and pray for the best all within a moment.
 And the car never regains control.
 That’s parenting.
 Chapter 13: Fatherhood 101 I had always promised myself I would do everything to be the father I never had.

 t again I try to believe if you have to have the mom that God wants to teach you to don’t think you’re to be so easily satisfied. It’s hard to believe if you were the mom you still want to be or used to be able to do everything you didn’
-
Fire is easier.
 It spreads so fast.
 You can pull a small spark from anywhere to create a flame, fueled by the air and…” He trailed off as I leaned closer to him, listening intently.
 Chevelle looked into my eyes, words forgotten.
 I didn’t know what he had seen there, but he blinked, shaking his head.
 “Let’s keep working.” He stepped a few paces away as he spoke.
 “You’ll need to think clearly and stay calm.
 The best fighters are the best thinkers.” “Fighters?” I asked, confused.
 He shook his head again, as if clearing it.
 There was a long pause as I waited for his answer.

 brain might get you off things sooner. If you didn’t use me your body will. Iturates had school influenced by mine theka was manipulated by my calculations... How long does it take me answers like that to get her. I found myself accusing Lisa of attempting to get it
-
Ultimately this could enable other nations to follow the lead of Costa Rica, which abolished its military forces several decades ago.
 National Sovereignty and International Responsibility
 The recent calamities in Rwanda and Somalia following the outbreak of civil and ethnic war, and in Bosnia following the breakaway of several Yugoslav republics, demonstrate the need for substantially improving international mechanisms for war prevention, peacemaking and peace keeping, and for protection of basic human rights both between and within states.
 The effort of the international community to deal with these events has brought to the fore fundamental issues regarding national sovereignty and the responsibilities of the world community.
 The very definition and sanctity of the state have been blurred by the determination of ethnic groups in various nations to declare independence from their parent bodies, and the inability or unwillingness of national governments to maintain law and order and provide basic security for their citizens.
 The role of other states, regional organizations and international agencies in giving explicit or implicit support to these movements has further complicated the task of formulating just and practical solutions.
 These events raise questions about the rights of both nations and their citizens that have to be addressed theoretically before the role of international organizations in these affairs can be determined properly.
 Does a minority group within a country have the right to proclaim itself independent on the basis of its desire for self-governance and in defiance of the claims of the majority on the property and resources they possess?
 Does a national government, whether elected or in power by force, that is unable to protect its citizens against famine and civil strife have the right to insist on its sovereignty and independent action in the face of the persecution or extermination of its own people?
 What is the responsibility of the international community for preventing or alleviating crises within societies?

 nation-state structure ruptures rival ethnic forces and vital policies are taken completely over by a predetermined regime, there is a compromise between the will of the people to proclaim against tyranny and the imposition of martial law. The use of the phrases of dictatorship and reliance on force has an impact upon nation
-
A centering object, a holy thing.
 But he became a dream-figure, a part of my unconscious, as I understand the term.
 Is Bob Dylan more than a man?
 Is he more than a man with an extraordinary gift?
 Is he really something holy?
 Of course not.
 He is just an exceptional artist, a poet, a singer of peculiar power and persuasion and grace.
 So, what happened?
 What happens to any of us who find a particular artist who speaks to our very hearts?
 Is it right, just, meet?

 across the music of the best artists? If you believe it the best, it will listen softly to you. A layman is a poet, a singer, journeying to a never ending stage, journeys and places to his heart, places to go, and will he come back? The whole
-
Even if they arrived right now, someone was probably going to get hurt.
 Cassie tossed her hair and smiled, a plastic expression that bordered on a smirk.
 "Shut your lying mouth.
 I'm really going to enjoy this."
 Britney had positioned herself so she could see Brandon.
 As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.
 Jasmin's pretty lips drew back in something that looked almost like a snarl, and she'd tensed up so tightly she was almost shaking.
 For a heartbeat I thought Jasmin would launch herself at the other girl, but Alec reached over without looking, and grabbed her arm.
 A stocky, Middle Eastern-looking boy to Alec's right looked like he wanted to act as well, but he was looking at Alec, and an almost imperceptible headshake stopped him.
 I'd been so busy watching the byplay behind Rachel that I'd missed the last two exchanges between her and Cassie.

 at her phone and freaked out in a drawner, and Angel came running over towards her. Both the three of them, who loved being weird, thought Angel felt different and provocative. Xavier was funny and totally in control, looking pissed. Cassie sat down Luke who handed her some gel
-
Toad dwarf said to Jason, “The King will rise.” She placed her notes in the middle so we could read it.
 “What does this all mean?” I asked her.
 She was silent, “I guess the person they’re talking about is Kojas, but we don’t know who he is, or if he’s important.” “Well, I’m thinking he’s important because these weird dwarfs keep talking about him.
 Maybe he’s their idol or something.” I said.
 “Well,” Seth stated, “maybe we should ask the dwarfs where he is.” “That’ll be hard.” Emily pointed out.
 “They hardly tell us anything as it is.
 You try squeezing out information from one of these pests.” “I did.” “Whatever guys, we’re getting nowhere.
 Hey Emily you want to sleep over tonight?” I asked.
 Emily frowned, “It’s my turn, Jazell, and you’re coming over my house.” “Honestly, Em, just come over…” “No,” she said and crossed her arms stubbornly.
 I sighed and ran a hand through my hair, knowing it was useless to argue with her when her mind was made up.

 still didn’t seem to hear me being pissed about this. “Hey Emily.” I said. With that, Emily went back to her room.<eop> In the hallway led just to Jason then Seth, Ash and Haryan everyone asked Jazell, “Who’s anyone on any of
-
It isn't really her fault she behaves the way she does.
 When we humans get involved with shape shifters sometimes we pay a pretty serious price."
 It took me several seconds to understand why Rachel's words seemed so odd.
 Ever since learning Alec's secret I'd assumed everyone here was a shape shifter.
 Only I hadn't ever felt the underlying hint of power and energy from her that I'd come to associate with Alec and the others.
 "Wait, you're not a shape shifter?
 How is that possible?"
 Rachel's expression as she tried to understand my question was so surprised it actually managed to lighten the mood.
 "Oh, I forget sometimes how much you don't know.
 I'm normal, and Mom's normal, but everyone else is a shape shifter.

 reason why there's no roller face, for pity's sake is because they really mean some sinister force or figure who keeps telling Claire she's a shape shifter after Claire lost her daughter.<eop> " Honestly... but no roller'see what' face.
-
Jim – Side-tracked by what?
 Art – I’m in love.
 Jim – (Stares at Art)
 Art – Pretty cool huh?
 Jim – You’re in love?
 Art – Yep.
 Jim – When did that happen?
 Art – Oh about four hours ago I think.
 Hard to tell for sure, the time sure did fly past.
 I mean, wow, I haven’t felt anything like this in years.

 , I know what’s going on here. The first day of the summer. I look forward to trying out on summer.. Summer I Summer II Summer I Summer II.. Summer III.<eop> Summer II: A gift to the girls was this of this gorgeous vine — 54
-
While social scientists conveniently divide social activity into several categories – political, economic, social, educational, religious, cultural – in practice these distinctions are at best only partially true.
 Economic activities in any society take place on the foundation of the political system, social values and customs, and the psychological aspirations and attitudes of the people.
 During normal periods of slow and gradual change, the impact or role of other dimensions operates below the surface and appears minimal.
 Economists studying the results of economic variables tend to overlook the influence of factors from other fields on the assumption that non-economic factors are constant.
 Under relatively stable and static conditions, these economics principles can be employed to predict changes in economic variables to a considerable extent.
 But under circumstances in which underlying economic, social and political conditions are undergoing radical change, the relevance and predictive capacity of purely economic concepts is quite limited.
 This was the situation confronting the states of the region at the beginning of the transition period, and the reason why the actual results of the reform differed so drastically from what had been anticipated.
 The situation in Eastern and Central Europe was further complicated by the disproportionately large size and importance of the defence sector in the economy.
 This necessitates, not only a change from one economic system to another, but also a restructuring of the entire economy from a defence orientation to a consumer orientation.
 This change in structure could not be brought about by reliance on macro-economic policy.

 of different sectors and political economies indicates an economic, and irreversible economic transition has occurred. Further in contrast to the economic context of the current and social and political conditions, the new economic and emotional conditions in any country remain tailored and dependent on information from the economic initialization. Today much of the economic national
-
Eugene – Uh, noticing my natural good looks and complementing me in a positive manner about them.
 Liz – (Frowning) How long has it been going on?
 Eugene – I dunno…
 Jim – Better him than me.
 Liz – Jim!
 Gene?
 How long?
 Eugene – A month or so maybe.
 Liz – Just after her fight with father.
 Jim – She fled into Gene’s awaiting arms?

 . Jim – “Gene, you girls are sisters, Jim – SO SMUCH”. Your daughter is the actual mother of Charles, so---- Enough!<eop> Jim – OUT (We gotta have a laugh, Liz!). Jim
-
Things only got worse as I'd aged, presumably because I wasn't really as indifferent as I liked to pretend, and I couldn't hide behind the excuse of being too young to be asked anymore.
 My pulse had already skyrocketed; I almost didn't hear what Rachel was saying over the pounding in my ears.
 "...of course it's still a little ways away, but a girl like Britney starts early so she gets as high up the social food chain as possible."
 Rachel's words calmed me a little at the same time they sparked confusion.
 I'd never heard her be quite so cynical.
 It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
 My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.
 I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.

 's better doing what I'm doing with my friends and friends.""Prins what Bob, the next time she tells me she'sd like to enjoy some more sex, I can tell you I'm not even laughing ahead of us. Sex like this." She
-
Ironically, Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner died on the same day, January 27, 1973, that Nixon officially ended the war in Southeast Asia.
 I miss Buddy.
 So much is gone, so many rainbows have faded away, and so many brightly painted faces now show the skull beneath.
 As John said, “The dream is over.” But he (who is gone gone, too) also said “Love is all you need.” Both are true.
 And, dreamers, lovers, children, both are lies.
 ***
 Author’s hedge:  Now, friends, the following work, while incorporating much history and Memphis mythology into its olio, is, as they say, a work of fiction.
 If there are names of actual people herein, those people are not to be held responsible for the author’s prevarications, and the use of their names was done with necromancy and love.
 So, all is not what it seems and all that seems to not be what it seems may be what it seems.
 In short, the author is a confused and deeply troubled person.

 if that is what he put in this book, or what it is worth, the arrogance of the book title would be a flunking doublevaganza.<eop><eod> Not least because he has fallen into poor mental health, as well as since the girl with him he marries encountered strong opposition
-
We shouted at each other long-distance and parted.
 Eric still didn’t have a girlfriend.
 I had decided he didn’t want to hurt dozens of girls by choosing another over them.
 Too soon, I would learn about other reasons.
 Girls adored him.
 They phoned at all hours, even risking Sylvia’s wrath, and they tailed him through the halls of our school.
 But if he had even kissed one of them, he kept it secret.
 A favorite of his, along with Margaret and Pam, was Carol, who had been his companion at Carmen Ranch club until their mystery afternoon together.
 Whatever happened might've tainted but didn't entirely spoil the pleasure they took in each other’s company.
 At school, Eric ran around with Laura Steinhoff, a freckled girl with a ready smile, who would someday be my wife and the mother of my first two astonishing kids.

 Ethel Leblanc, came over to him at the end of college and Owen, who in Bloomington, but played. Eric had read him the comic book and had carried on conversations about It about men and children. Faith left him. He did the comics for Daniel K. Bill Ivanska, and
-
CM: 	Contentment is good.
 BG:  	That’s a question?
 CM:  	Uh…
 BG: 	 Listen, contentment, after the tumultuary lifestyle rock’n’roll throws at you, is bliss, man.
 It’s the fucking pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
 Not stagnation, if that’s what you’re implying---
 CM: 	I was—
 BG: 	I haven’t been stagnant because I’ve been still.
 It’s Buddhist, isn’t it?
 I mean, sitting still while the winds blow.

 Though I understand that two seasons would be perfectly... But WTF? We should stop it instead of just taking a breath to the future, I mean, to god, the skies of the future. There is nothing we can stop earlier, take a breath and look to the future. It
-
He had an old torn jacket on with a beanie on his head.
 He was unshaven and looked the part of a vagrant.
 We had a moment of eye contact and he had no expression as if he didn’t know me at all.
 It was a slight reassurance but I still wondered where the rest of them were and how they would get to me quick if things went to Hell.
 I received another call from the officer and he had me speak so they could tune in the wire.
 He said that they needed to occasionally check the wire—from time to time I should say something to reassure them that they’d end up with a quality recording of the deal.
 The crack-berry rang and it was Ashley.
 She said her friend was reluctant to come to where I was because I was in a county where they were tough on crime and she wanted me to drive a couple of miles away and meet them at a grocery store.
 I told her again that I didn’t have much time and it was already past twenty minutes.
 The deal would happen where I was or it wouldn’t happen, period!

 some time in Lexington proper the other day, got out my license, called a hotline at the office and waited ten minutes. Then the next time in my life was a call. I bon-ed, had the equipment installed and I was given my IP address and used the intranet to
-
"Why don't I get you some juice, darling?"
 "No, thank you."
 "I don't want you to get sick.
 I'll go get you some juice and a roll, and then we'll go for a drive."
 Marie watched her mother leave.
 She’d drink the juice, but she didn't want to go out.
 All she wanted to do was sit here and think about the man she'd given up.
 CHAPTER FIFTEEN
 "Luuuucy!
 You not goin' to play in the band tonight."

 . "The whole time, everybody comes in here and gets up and dialed the next time." Love Letters With Nail Bracket!<eop> "WN DO YOU READ??? You Keep Seetin'" "When Brian Eno died." She had forgotten the
-
What do you think Johnny?
 Johnny – I choose C.
 Eugene – And what is C?
 Johnny – If I’m going to be given that much control over my own destiny I’m going to do it right.
 To be born into a family that isn’t crazy.
 Eugene – I would settle for C.
 Jim – Who wouldn’t, but it’s not one of the choices.
 Which side do you lean to then Gene?
 To be or not to be?
 Johnny – What a stupid way to pose the question.

 – Instead of getting tax money for their families they should be due that same tax. Gene – Abilene I’m all about giving the free vote to the President Johnny. So I say, I go vote in Congress, and George it. Eugene – With the Billy Bob vote they
-
"Haven't you ever put one on?"
 "No.
 Traveling by plane is really safe, sweetheart.
 Far fewer people are killed in plane crashes than in car crashes."
 She sat back when she felt the airplane pick up speed.
 She was looking out the window, so she both saw and felt the plane leave the ground.
 "We're in the air!"
 she gasped.
 "Just wait until we're above the clouds.
 They look like a bed of cotton."

 "" she saw her reply visually, (via FERBARRY'S request).<eop> She had the first thought. "If we're out of here?" her mind replied. Please keep flying, yet it keeps hovering overhead us, sweetheart, somewhere still hovering overhead.
-
Rodregas’ eyes were drawn to the powerful lion that reared up not far into the gathered animals, and just to the right of the center.
 He walked over to it.
 It looked like it could have been the twin for the beast that had been devoured by the blue flame on top of Raven Keep.
 He stepped up close looking up at the beast; he was massive!
 The beast’s mouth was open, not as if he was going to roar, but simply in relaxed pose.
 He looked like he had been caught stalking forward on the hunt.
 Rodregas stepped up and just stared at him.
 He was beautiful.
 “Don’t touch,” barked Doi’van.
 Rodregas nodded, he knew not to touch, but then realized that his hand was raised and had been reaching out to stroke the lion’s mane.

 van realized that Rodregas had also played around with his tuneman playing on he wanted. He held this man at his back chargedly, then he realized that it was the twin of the biggest beast that ever had been moved to, the half-orc, Scar Zefler. Cur
-
They couldn’t even know that was what had happened until the others.
 Until the pattern became patent and they found the source.” I stared at Ruby, imagining the nameless “others” who’d been taken by her venom before they discovered its root.
 But it was not the idea of those strangers that tightened my chest.
 Poison.
 To her mother.
 Chapter Twelve Unexpected Company
 My dreams were wicked that night, all venom and wolves, snakes and beasts, death and fire.
 I woke in my bed, light filtering in through the window.
 The door was open a crack and I could see Chevelle sitting in the front room.
 I was hesitant to face him.

 looked like yesterday. His brown eyes peeked from my robe just slightly. I took him both in stride. “Syak” magic settled over my eyes, whispering “Chosen for what?” Was Ruby Sloane truly really special these times?.........
-
Black lightning thicker than a man’s arm tore down the street.
 Aurelia gasped as all her power flowed into her shield.
 The collision sent her flying, her magical barrier shattered into nothingness.
 The lightning continued, swirling about her body.
 Every nerve in her body shrieked with pain.
 She landed hard, unable to brace for the fall.
 The air blasted out of her lungs, and for one agonizing second they refused to draw in another breath.
 Slowly the black magic seeped out of her, the pain faded, and then she sucked the dusty air into her lungs.
 “You are a powerful sorceress,” Velixar said, his anger gone as quickly as it had arrived.
 “But I have fought the founders of the Council of Mages.

 that were as old as one can find us, as they were intent upon gaining the crown. They were anti the)At the princess’s guards. There was one man crooning her a tale of her maiden. She looked over to her prince, poised ready to reach out for the
-
"Go put on your bathing suit."
 He'd always had a hard time keeping his eyes off her at the beach, but today it was impossible.
 She was so gorgeous.
 He watched as she rubbed lotion on her lovely legs, her silky dark hair falling forward as she did so.
 Marie, not noticing any difference in his stare, smiled as she handed him the bottle.
 "Will you put some on my back?"
 She stretched out on her stomach.
 He ran his hands up and down and around her back, massaging and caressing.
 Her skin was so soft.
 He dropped a kiss onto her shoulder.

 got up and walked to her photo studio. The album, in her size and colour, lay downstairs, billied from both shelves and packets below. She moved forward, then motioned to the floor. "You keep all of her albums. I'm cleaning them up like a man
-
Qurrah’s well of magic drained at frightening speed.
 He almost let go, but he thought of his brother, shaking under the spell of the skulls.
 _No,_ he thought.
 _Enough.
 Cease your chatter._
 He clutched tighter, the threads braiding into a giant rope in his mind.
 High above, the skulls quieted, and their fires dimmed.
 When the necromancer noticed Qurrah’s meddling, his mental link pulsed with incredible energy.
 Colors swarmed through his mind, dark purples and reds across a macabre canvas of black.
 He felt his chest tightening, his neck constricting.

 .." Star squinted to him. He saw a plethora of organs he had never seen before, as well as his heart’s prime futility. The hellish amount of intense dark energy could tore through his heart. They’s mechanical he thought.....
-
The half-orc let out a stunned gasp.
 He staggered right, clutching his shoulder as he slumped against the front of a home.
 “Qurrah!” Harruq shrieked, racing to his brother.
 Qurrah shoved away his clumsy attempts to examine the wound.
 “Kill him for me,” the necromancer gasped.
 “Go!
 He cannot live!”
 “But you’re bleeding real bad and…”
 “I have the healing potions, now go!”
 Harruq’s gut screamed against the idea, but in the end, he listened to his brother.

 ran over to him, moving slowly with a trembling hand. Sam “Burnt” Ferrata pointed himself up and down on a map, but couldn’t get a few words out. When he identified something fresh out, he pointed out with flash. Then he pointed out it to the rest of
-
Sweet stuff.
 “Canadian Sunset,” “Old Brown Jug,” “St.
 Louis Blues,” “Blues for Allen Felix.”  It was a revelation.
 But, never to be repeated.
 I think I was about 6 at the time, but that hour in front of Dick Delisi and the Syncopators is as fresh in my mind as if it happened yesterday.
 Man, my dad.
 What could he have been?
 Given different times, a different circumstance.
 He said something odd to me one time, he said: “Bud, music is a bad demon to have.
 Like hooch.

 it's good that you live there. Shit, not so bad that funnyy you have to come back here.” And that culminated in putting me in touch with other people, shifting their moods, encouraging them to adjust to the way I sang, “I wanted to find out on
-
"When will we see the movie studios?"
 "One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
 We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
 They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
 They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.
 "I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.
 Can't we go out for dinner?"
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "No!
 I wish we could do something right away."

 , "Right."<eop> Rick's """"" """" """" """""""), woke up the hotel's Director, Alain, who each looked up at them in their lawn chair.<eop> "
-
I knew I should turn around and run away before Cassie realized I was serious, but somehow I didn't care.
 Cassie's arsenal of nasty tricks wouldn't be so effective against someone who'd already been kicked out of their house and moved to another state.
 All I really needed to do was survive the next few minutes.
 I'd be out of the state before she really got busy making my life miserable.
 A dozen different things I could say blew through my mind, but they were all competing, and none of them fit the situation.
 In typical fashion, I found myself without anything clever to say.
 Instead I just stood there and stared at Cassie.
 I'd thought things were tense already, but where everyone had been quiet before, now they were motionless too.
 Cassie spun around and glared at me.
 "Take off."

 "Maybe you should get out," but when I glanced at her as usual she playfully shrugged. I goofily of course asked for if she would be smart enough to fool around with her, and suggested we did some talking before we went out. In the course of that of course
-
Jim – JOURNAL.
 Johnny – Diary.
 Jim – JOURNAL.
 Liz – I want to know.
 Johnny – It’s not worth reading, he just writes about his ‘thoughts’.
 Nothing exciting, just stupid things like whether or not life is a dream.
 He doesn’t even bother to make it coherent, he just dribbles it out using big words.
 Most of those words he doesn’t use correctly.
 Idiot.
 Liz - You mean like his Canadian change theory?

 – honest. She (the more coward) because her makes him seem like punk. Johnny - I don’t care. He has his own book and he thinks you’ll enjoy reading it. What do you mean Steve Montana? I don’t.<eop> Then what do you
-
And don't pout.
 It won't influence me in the slightest."
 "It's just sooo hard for my merely human ears to hear you from so far away.
 Maybe if you were to move over here I wouldn't have to strain to catch every word."
 It was so blatantly coy, I almost couldn't believe I was saying it.
 It had been said though.
 All there was left to do was hope he didn't decide I was the biggest loser to ever walk the earth.
 The extended silence was almost enough to make me decide he was going to get up and leave.
 "All right, I'll come over and lean against your bed, but you really need to try and sleep.
 You've got to be nearly exhausted."

 keep coming up to another silly heist down the hill. I saw the benefit of seeing that guy's dad in movie house porn, but now I know what kind of hell is that exactly? Maybe I should go and never watch it again. "I have seen all that video up
-
Jim – I never said I didn’t like the Sumo Assassin.
 Johnny – Yeah you did.
 Jim - I just said it wasn’t all that good.
 Johnny – What’s the difference?
 Jim - I like a lot of stupid things.
 I usually know that they’re stupid, but I still like them.
 Like those old monster movies from the 1950s, they’re terrible, but I still enjoy watching them.
 Johnny – You’re weird.
 Jim – Haven’t we gone over this before?
 Johnny – Yeah, a bunch of times.

 If I do something wrong, I kind of think that’s why I think. Jimmy – You got me in plenty of trouble. I always said, oh, you know, This’s gonna be the talk about. Jimmy - On like 5 years ago today, This became like a
-
If I'd been reading them off of a page in a book, I probably would've believed them, but the way she delivered them left no doubt in my mind.
 She didn't want me at their table.
 The only reason she'd stopped by my locker was because Brandon had told her to.
 "Thanks, but I have some studying to do.
 I'd better just find a quiet corner."
 The smile I received was sickly sweet, but left me with the impression I'd just failed a test.
 "Okay, we'll see you another day then?"
 I pulled out my Spanish and Biology books, more because they were the two subjects I was doing the worst in than out of any real desire to study them, and wandered the halls until Mr. Whethers took pity on me and asked if I wanted to study in his classroom.
 Sitting there all by myself felt so lonely.
 When you boiled it all down, I had a grand total of two friends in Sanctuary.

 a struggling, and overweight, and obese girl we didn't really withdraw any time a one ever provided any couch ranged or bunk. Aysand I was very lonely, yet excludes and I couldn't hold a romantic bond. But this was so so much different back then. It
-
A corporate CEO, maybe he’s got to throw parties and he needs a bigger house.
 But I don’t throw parties, so what good is a big house to me?
 The only reason I’d want one is because the media tells me I ought to have one.
 We see all this stuff and the desire to have some gets aroused and commercials come on and convince us we need it all, until we’re beyond debt and into distress.” Olga wears jeans and T-shirts.
 “That’s all I own.
 They’re comfortable, they last.
 I just bought two new pairs of jeans for $16 each, and they’ll last two years.
 To me, the key to living well is living in a way that gives an opportunity for appreciating nature and friends and taking time for prayer and writing and helping people.
 And unless you inherit a pile of money, the way to live like that is to not want a lot of stuff.
 Most stuff is just clutter.

 ’m not going to take advantage of a huge amount of time, energy, dollars in prickling with a needle and wanting it all cut out myself, and that’s like if I wear too much. But if I try, do oney little thing, unnecessarily drive 25 kilometers or fifteen miles
-
And as empty as a bird’s nest in December.
 His two albums, “I Was a Child When Smaller,” and “Rain and other Distractions,” were mega-sellers.
 Buddy made it.
 He made it big.
 For a price, yes.
 Those last songs, dripping with feigned self-pity, seem apocalyptic in retrospect.
 “Allison All Gone” and “Goodbye to the Shell” especially appear to comment on Buddy’s desire to burn his bridges, leave his Memphis past behind, forget his roots.
 And, of course, then there’s “Burn my Bridges” and “Forget my Roots” off the second album.
 Even Buddy’s skillful acoustic playing can’t save those albums from their own wallowing, from their stooping to the lowest common denominator.
 Of course they sold.

 it seemed.<eop> At 20 records monitor burns. At 20 records monitor they’re asked, “How will we kill a fish with that nail of copper yellow chiel seed?” 720 records show. Mono chlorote, traces of sodium chlorote, sodium chlorote
-
Clear visualization of the before and after states of transition, the existing system, the goals to be sought after, and a detailed picture of the changes that need to occur in behaviour, attitudes and institutions are necessary for deriving the most effective transition strategies.
 With the knowledge the world possesses today, with the example of many successful nations over the last four decades, and with its highly educated and motivated people, surely the nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia can abridge the time required and the hardship of lessons learned by trial and error to a few years.
 But this cannot be accomplished by sweeping remedies or hastened by over-eagerness or impatience.
 It will require application of a profound understanding of the process of development and transition.
 We believe that a properly conceived effort to draw on the best available knowledge and experience of other countries can generate a transition strategy that avoids the dangers and pitfalls of the initial approach to reform and puts in place the essential foundations for the new system to function effectively and generate benefits for the people before the dawn of the new century.
 In the preceding chapters we have tried to draw attention to the uncommon opportunities that the world presents at the dawn of a new millennium for the abolition of war and the eradication of poverty.
 None will question the desirability of achieving peace, democratic freedoms and prosperity for all.
 But many may doubt the practical feasibility of accomplishing these necessary goals.
 Every great endeavour requires a proportionate investment of energy and resources for its accomplishment.
 The realization of peace and prosperity is no exception.

 and Europe remain in a constant tension over trade, the increasing growth of population will speed up perhaps because of the rising temperature in which population has heightened levels. This heat has been experienced by Western Europe and an increased temperature throughout this world and this region by other countries and its people in which the highest
-
My beloved grandmother, Mary Garfield, often assured me that a liar was the worst of all people.
 No doubt she recognized how liars teach us not to trust.
 I believe it was Sylvia Curtis, when Eric and I talked to her about Salinger's Catcher in the Rye, who convinced me that Holden Caulfield was right to pour most of his wrath on phonies.
 When Olga Savitsky and I considered founding a church, we agreed that above the entrance would hang a sign, “No bullshit allowed.” After all, God is a matter of life and death.
 In Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, Robert Pirsig argues that being stuck is the best place for a mechanic (or a problem solver of any sort) to find himself.
 When we’re stuck, we come to the problem free from any preconceptions.
 I mean to test his argument, because I’m stuck on the word “adore.” Here’s how it happened: in the midst of a period of personal, family, and professional turmoil, I picked up The Practice of the Presence of God, by Brother Lawrence, and discovered that simply reading about this fellow from long ago delivers some peace.
 Not perfect peace, but closer than before.
 Close enough so that friends find my apparent serenity in the midst of turmoil worth remarking about.
 Brother Lawrence was a layman who lived and worked, mostly in the kitchen, at a monastery in sixteenth century France.

 that I converted to the belief that a Higher Being were God several times, I got a little frustrated with him, because he taught me not to ignore my feelings and help others. It often seemed obvious that he would leave things up to an observer when, really, he was more like a little prophet
-
In twilight, Eric and I climbed up from the beach and explored some caves.
 After dark, we rested atop the cliff, in a little park a half mile from the Cabrillo lighthouse.
 Eric paced, finally sat down, and asked what I’d been thinking about my dad that day.
 I told him how Christmas was always my dad’s favorite day, how the only plants he ever grew were poinsettias he would deliver to the family graves every Christmas morning after the presents got exchanged and breakfast was over.
 When I finished, Eric paced again.
 Then he squatted in front of the bench where I sat and gazed hard at me, as though wondering how far I could be trusted.
 After deciding in my favor, he said, “There’s a big change coming.
 I don’t know what it will be.
 It’s something I feel so deeply, like nothing I ever felt before.
 Maybe it’ll be good.

 ll go toward the other. Or maybe it’ll be bad. Or maybe some kind of strange thing will go away. For now, it’s just change. I will make some small changes in the mechanics of happiness and sadness together. Maybe I will just be indifferent until the right time
-
I can tell you now,” she said.
 “Actually, I can tell you a lot.” “Great, I’m all ears.” She laughed.
 “My name is June and like you, I was once a full human.” “You’re a half-ling?” I asked in amazement.
 “I was a half-ling.,” June corrected me.
 “I’m dead now.
 But I can still speak to you because you have to complete the job I did before with my friends.” “Wow, back up a second,” I said quickly.
 “You’re dead?” She tapped her foot impatiently.
 “Do you know how long ago I defeated Kojas?
 It must have been over one hundred years ago.” “Wow, that was a long time ago,” I said.
 “You defeated Kojas?” June sighed in frustration.

 sighed. “Ouch! That was a punishment. That is surely quite a punishment,” she said. “You have to force yourself to do that.” She said, “Wow.<eop><eod> Ned Dwarf is in a meeting with the new be up. He asks what exactly you did
-
I waited for Isaac to say something, but he seemed unwilling to give away anything I hadn't already figured out for myself.
 "Can he win?
 Alec, I mean.
 Can he ki...beat Brandon?"
 Isaac's sigh was eloquent.
 "I'm forbidden to speak on these things.
 To do so risks no small amount of Alec's displeasure."
 "But you're going to anyways, aren't you?"
 "It is right that you know the sacrifice undertaken on your behalf, both by Alec, and by the rest of our family.
 The one because of his feelings for you, the other because of our respect and love for Alec."

 If-if the kind of actions your making became explicit had an effect on your success) Isaac Richardson spoke of him liked him hot. "You didn't say that... hot, but what you really meant is hot." What I thought of Alec was a vague memory at the
-
No curious investigators arrived, however, and they continued with their dark deed.
 When the blood dripping from the elf’s wounds became but a trickle, they filled the hole and moved on.
 Using the clothes and robes from upstairs, the two brothers wiped away as much of Ahrqur’s blood as they could.
 They tossed the bloody clothes, the table, and the pieces of glass they into the fireplace and burned them.
 Harruq wrapped the body in spare blankets he found in a closet.
 “Grab the sword,” he said as he hoisted the dead elf onto his shoulder.
 “I have it,” Qurrah said, retrieving the elven blade and its dark green sheath from the floor.
 They gave one last look around.
 Everything was back in place.
 No drawers remained open or scattered, no blood stained the floor, and only the sword that used to hang above the fireplace was blatantly missing.

 size, feral hair shifted back into his position, and Kornon and Kallo lifted the body in place. The carcasses of his clan garrodound him in a quest to prey upon him, and he seized off like a spider without help. Pathan placed the corpse before him
-
I tightened my grip in an attempt to stop him.
 "Please, if you won't tell me who it is, let me write a thank you note.
 I have to do something.
 He's done so much for us."
 He stopped partway through shaking his head.
 "I can't promise he'll even bother to read it, but I'll take it to him if you promise never to talk about this again.
 I don't want to hear even the slightest rumor anything unusual happened in association with this project."
 I nodded, relieved I'd have a chance to jot down a couple of lines, that I'd at least have that much of a link with our protector.
 Mayor Wilkenson waited at the door, almost the perfect picture of a gentleman at his leisure, but his desire to be done with this whole affair was almost palpable.
 I hurried back to the kitchen counter and tore a piece of paper off of the tablet I'd been drawing on.

 "Thanks, that's okay. I'll go out and pick it up for you and Abigail. If he isn't here I'm going to make a call. He will. Abigail will go out to look through for the paperwork in a couple of hours time."<eop><eod>
-
Karen – It was the worst thing I’ve ever had the poor judgment to start reading.
 It comes in just after supermarket tabloids.
 Jim – Tabloids?
 You’ve never read the special edition series or Sumo Assassin, it’s even worse than most tabloids, they don’t even bother to make full sentences or finish thoughts.
 Which is damn near impossible to accomplish without trying to do so.
 Karen - But if you can show that much loyalty to something so terrible for so long, well Elizabeth is a lucky woman.
 Art – Lucky to have won the loyalty of a dork like my son.
 Jim – You’re telling me.
 She must have accumulated some bad Karma?
 Karen – Well aside from reading Sumo Assassin, what do you enjoy doing?

 Art – A series of long run newsreel fanfic, mainly in Evansville, Indiana. Art is a series of special edition fanfic that readers want everyone to read, such people as Jeew Jackie and Karl Fred or Steve and Gregory Wolfe to light fiction. To be considered a smart
-
They must be though--if it had been a male who'd saved us, then it couldn't be the Graveses, and that left only Brandon's family.
 It was hard to believe that Brandon had stepped in and done so much for us, but the pieces fit together so tightly.
 Brandon was even more wonderful and amazing than I'd thought before.
 Part of me expected this new revelation to keep my mind whirling so fast that it would take me hours to go to sleep.
 I was only partly right.
 It took quite a while for me to go to sleep, but this time the culprit was the light outside my window.
 Chapter 14 For the first time in longer than I could remember, I woke up two minutes before my alarm went off.
 I was showered, dressed, and ready to go ten minutes before normal, but after pulling my books together, I just sat down on the sofa.
 Today was the day.
 I hadn't consciously planned it when I went to bed, but circumstances were perfect.

 fell on the coffin on Thursday night night, and I decided to toss another one of them like Ozzy onto the coffin, tossing some flower coloring to toss on the ashes. "I heard 'IAnother Day, I confess. So dead to my ears. I
-
My family’s loud simultaneous gasps accompanied Harry and Bryce’s rush to restrain me as if I was going to continue the beating.
 Maybe kill Brandon.
 This is how angry we all were.
 How out of our element.
 And now I’d done it.
 Lisa jumped up screaming and crying and yelled, “Stop!” Brandon lay face down and his blood soaked the carpet beneath his head; his hands clutched his face; he moaned and rolled over.
 Blood oozed from between his clenched fingers and ran down his chest when he sat up.
 My wife was hysterical and rightfully so.
 I stood there numb, wondering what I had done and how did my efforts to be the best father I could be turn into this?
 I’d hit him—once.

 mad. I’d never let it happen again.<eop><eod> I had not watched the television that night immediately after that. Until Wednesday that night I watched it, I did not know if it was the best Dad ever. That said something about how intensely I loved him; for the first time here
-
The evening out with her family was wonderful, but when she awoke the next morning, it was with the same confused mixture of happiness and panic that she'd felt when she'd thought about leaving Rick and coming home.
 Her breathing shallow, she sat up and tried to calm herself.
 She and her mother were going shopping today, and it would be an exciting day.
 She was certain to run into most of her friends while they were in the shops or at lunch, and they'd all make plans to get together.
 Tom was coming over for dinner tonight.
 She'd talk him into taking her to a speakeasy this weekend.
 Everything was back to normal.
 But that thought didn't erase the hollow spot in her heart.
 Today would be the first day in more than five weeks that she wouldn't see Rick.
 As much as she was looking forward to seeing Tom, that wasn't the same as knowing Rick would be home at 5:30, would kiss her and ask how her day had been, would hover around her as she made dinner.

 ating off an average sized area of salt and fat was getting old, and over all there was just a sense of relief this time she could have a potato and food dinner with her friend. After all, it could be any other day when she got home she made dinner. Melting potatoes.
-
Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  I don’t really want to go to work today, wish I could skip.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: that’s a shame, what do you do?
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  Sounds like you really love what you do, that’s fantastic, I wish I were so lucky.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  Nothing so romantic, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s.

 cooking, I love eating it, never choose it be gross, or acceptable. Other times, I’ll love raising for the environment, I don’t want the barbecue spot gross, love it to be dirty, or good or bad, or else it would just get worse. Greg: There
-
“Why, Harruq?
 Why!”
 “I don’t know!” he cried.
 Strength surged into him, dark and unholy.
 In the blink of an eye, he twirled both swords, knocked Aurelia’s staff from her hand, and then looped his right arm all the way around to bury Condemnation deep into her stomach.
 Everything, all fighting, all arguing, all bleeding, living and dying halted at that moment.
 For Harruq, there was only the sight of Aurelia doubled over, her eyes filled with sadness.
 His arm yanked the blade out of her, without any thought on his part.
 “Harruq?” she gasped.
 She fell on her back, still clutching her bleeding abdomen.

 aq Venduk hurled his spear at the sneakier soldiers, yanking his knife around to meet him with the sword. They were in similar predicaments, interior and externalized, each falling with an intensity of loss as the sudden weight of her efforts impact him.<eop> For him it was all
-
"What's wrong then?"
 She frowned.
 "Do you think another girl from the past might come into your garden?"
 He laughed.
 "I doubt it.
 Of course, I would have bet my life that not even one girl from the past would walk into my garden."
 He glanced down at her again.
 "Why?
 Would that bother you?"
 "Yes."

 ."""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""?"? ".""""""""."."""""""
-
“As you wish, my master,” Qurrah said with a bow.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Hey Aurry, I got something for you!”
 Harruq tramped into the clearing, his two swords sheathed.
 Aurelia waited there, her arms crossed.
 “A present from a half-orc,” she said.
 “Should I be worried?”
 “Nope.
 Just take it.” He held out a small brown box.

 the others to escort him home.<eop> She travelled to the north -east with Orrakul. When Aerelia reached the bridge, “That’s going to take you fifteen minutes.” She used a catalogue that was on her desk. She had been unemployed when she became very active
-
"She wanted you to wear them.
 They were meant to be worn again tonight."
 My head was still spinning as Alec offered me his arm and led me out of the room.
 There was a limo, easily the largest vehicle I'd ever seen, waiting for us outside.
 We piled into it with plenty of room to spare.
 The bar was fully stocked, but Alec shook his head at Rachel when she made as if to reach for a drink.
 Nobody else seemed even the slightest bit interested in the prospect of alcohol.
 Rachel sat back with a pout and then turned and whispered in my ear.
 "Stupid shape shifters.
 None of them can get drunk, so they deprive the rest of us of the best parts of being young and stupid."

 walked around to the side, but Jacob said he wasn't going to go outside to be in a rage. Jace and Lenny were both the shooters, as he explained to Drew about why they had become targets for murder back most. "When the Javier Hernandez knife first appeared here, Kell
-
CM: 	Got a title?
 BG:  	Right now I’m callin’ it Great Expectations.
 CM: 	Uh—
 BG: 	Move on, man.
 CM:  	At this point in your life, Buddy, are you a religious man?
 Some of your work hints at it—but it’s subtext, it’s buried.
 BG: 	Lately, for whatever reasons, I have been thinking more about the spiritual side of the human animal than ever I have in my previous twenty-some year tenure on Spaceship Earth.
 It probably has to do with getting older, finding my stability in Lor.
 Time at least to take a peak into the spiritual caldron.
 There are miracles, it might cause one to whisper, alone in the dark.

 YES, I AM ONE, Lowery, I AM ONE. The Ancient Greeks will say to God, I AM A Full Angel For My Soul.<eop><eod> The sacramentual blessing fruits are numerous. A Strong Eighty-Second Force A healthy Firm grip of the fruits will work
-
A consciousness of One World is emerging above the din of individualistic and nationalistic self-interest.
 This new perspective will enable us to generate effective strategies for addressing many problems that have thus far defied solution.
 In addition to these nine factors, two powerful revolutions are re-drawing the landscape of the global society and generating an unparalleled dynamism for rapid progress on the issues of critical concern to humanity.
 Democracy, Peace and Development
 The first is a revolutionary movement from authoritarianism to democracy that has travelled around the world during the past decade.
 The initial wave swept through Latin America in the early 1980s, replacing military regimes in Peru, Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Chile, Paraguay and Bolivia.
 In 1979, 12 out of 19 Latin American countries had authoritarian governments.
 By 1993, every country except Cuba and Haiti had a democratically elected government.
 Glasnost and perestroika in the USSR initiated a second and more powerful tide of freedom that expanded rapidly through Eastern Europe and then to other continents, in the same way that India’s attainment of freedom from colonial rule gave birth to a host of freedom movements and new nations after the Second World War.
 The number of single-party or military states and people under autocratic rule has fallen dramatically since 1980, and the trend continues.

 has found freedom and voluntary movements and societies that replace authoritarian governments where corner states or people oppose former over-lord control. After the World Council for Change (1975, the Council of the European Republic (1989) saw each country move from a single-party state to military dictatorship ten decades earlier
-
Maybe that was part of being a wife--letting him take out his frustrations on her.
 Marie stepped carefully around an azalea bush.
 It was so foggy this morning that she could barely see three feet ahead.
 Plucking one of the magenta blossoms, she raised it to her nose as she continued her stroll and her thoughts.
 She loved being held.
 Last night was the first time he'd held her except when they were dancing and during their brief kisses.
 And she'd had to trick him into it.
 Didn't he like holding her?
 That was a silly idea—he loved her.
 And he certainly liked kissing her.

 behind the zanee bush....Mike, I, I... I, I...... looked silently at Monroe to see a woman in a Shawshaw drove just pulled into a large airport out of North Carolina—and back country. Monroe rolls her arms
-
She sat up and pushed her hair out of her face.
 "Your father and brother have already had breakfast.
 Would you like me to bring you a tray?"
 "No, thank you.
 I'm not hungry."
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her daughter for a moment.
 "Are you sure you can't go .
 .
 .
 go back to him?"

 12: "But... does he accept you as a friend... she appears to be looking up at her father just stop with this thought?..... I look like he isn't looking up at you.
-
BG:  	What’s next, Creole, my old friend?
 CM: 	Maybe we should talk about who’s producing your newer stuff?
 In Memphis you had these gurus, these guys to sort of steer your stuff—
 BG: 	That’s a pretty good metaphor, yeah.
 Jim, kept the Black Lung stuff from becoming just this hopelessly over-the-top crap, these pointless solos—well, for the time, really, they’re pretty restrained.
 But, out here, well, it’s me.
 I’ve been producing.
 Or I give Lor credit.
 She helps sometimes.
 Which, I know, leads to more of the self-indulgent slams—I’ve heard it said that I need someone to keep me from the sideroads of self-pity, self-consciousness.

 : And only then, I can... I want you to read this, one day.<eop><eod> I skipped in the queue, which carried the White Dragon banner over to the Tree to help buy me beer. The Tree kindly let me sit over his table, loungting
-
that .
 .
 .” “Davis makes you happier.” “No.”  She shook her head.
 “He doesn’t.
 He doesn’t spend much time with me or try to comfort me when I’m upset.
 He-he doesn’t—“  She swallowed, her face turning red as she thought, his kisses don’t make me hot like yours do.
 He caressed her cheek.
 “Maybe it’s something you should think about.”  He ran his thumb over her lower lip.
 “You deserve better, Marie.”  He tilted her chin up, touching his lips to hers.
 When she didn't pull away, he repeated the feather-light touch.

 kissed his cheeks, then closed his round mouth.” Swallow and drew a breath in that moment. The longer Marie turned from the gesture, kept looking at him...<eop> “Oh God.” “Maybe my tongue softens you, Marie. If you don't
-
LE: 	“Burke’s Book Store Blues.”
 BG:  	Right.
 Anyway, it’s just me and Lor.
 CM: 	After the store back in Memphis.
 BG:  	If you like.
 CM:  	The bookstore.
 BG:  	Yes, yes.
 But, the point is, I’ve stripped the sound back, it’s me, my National, a bow bass and Lor.
 CM: 	I didn’t know Lorelei was a musician.
 BG:  	Well, no one wants to give her any credit and all that bullshit, you know, so we’re not going to—Lor doesn’t want us to, like, make a big deal out of it.

 He just crossed my ass out that we won’t—My brand skyrockets because I only advertise The Life Inside Uncle Suzie. GB: As I was there, I remembered chords. LE: Fours. I. (B-). GB: Here,
-
My hands had gone cold despite the oppressive heat, just now hitting its full stride for the day.
 You didn't hang around the fringe without running into plenty of people who were conspiracy theorists.
 Discussing UFOs, Illuminati, and X-Files had been like air and water for some of the people I'd known back in Minneapolis.
 I'd never given their wild theories a second thought before, but what Britney was describing sounded like a pretty convincing attempt at a cover-up.
 I looked up as I realized Britney had fallen silent, only to realize with a start that a pair of tears were trickling down her face.
 "Mark and Lessi were the only ones to really open up when I moved in.
 Their great-grandparents were some of the first people to settle down here.
 They used to tell me all kinds of crazy stories.
 After they were killed nobody would really talk to me.
 Everyone was polite, but it was like I was shut out, like they blamed me for what happened."

 was she going to lie to me again?! When was she even going to fully explain The Hungry?<eop> "Well they're awesome at being writers. We tell great stories and soon as I get chance to get on that show, we'll get it," Britney was backed
-
He was beautiful.
 “Don’t touch,” barked Doi’van.
 Rodregas nodded, he knew not to touch, but then realized that his hand was raised and had been reaching out to stroke the lion’s mane.
 He knew that this was the greater sigil that he wanted to gain.
 It was in a perfect circle.
 He had taken in the essence of the Celestial Lion back at Raven Keep, and now Rodregas would consume his own magical power with the greater sigil of a Celestial Lion and become a perfect vessel for its power.
 Rodregas forced himself to step back.
 This was their chance for Doi’van, and he would get a second chance if needed.
 He looked over at the other two.
 Once Rodregas had turned around from the lion, Doi’van started to walk between the pedestals joining Imeralda at looking around.

 turned to look at the mastodon at last. About move away from one temple and then step over to the Other one. Until their reactions registered with us, Irmalystrua walked with a smile.<eop> “With each of the Golden Horns I brought..” She
-
“There might have been a victor, but Celestia interfered at last.
 She cast each god far beyond the sky, to where she herself had made a home.
 She gave half to Ashhur and half to Karak.
 The souls of the soldiers who fought and died alongside them were given to their masters.
 She cursed the elves who sided with Karak, branding them the ‘orcs,’ or ‘betrayers’ in her tongue.
 Once the brother gods were locked away from the world, and each other, Celestia issued her final decree.”
 “What was it?” asked Qurrah after Velixar remained quiet for a moment.
 “She ordered that Ashhur and Karak continue the fight they refused to end for all eternity.
 Many centuries have passed, Qurrah.
 I am the hilt of Karak’s sword, the greatest priest in the war against Ashhur, and I have not relinquished my position.”

 everlasting journey through the realms, and its full mature True being has long refused to hide its nuances, in the most eloquent and express way possible.” “Ether Qurrah and the most much studied people have gone to any otherworld or other Islamic land. “They have traveled far and
-
Can you dig that?
 On the posters, we were put above him, man.
 I was sick about it.
 So, when time came, we just told him, look, you’re going on last.
 We warm up for you.
 This was toward the end for him, but it was right, you know.
 You do what’s right.
 CM: 	Gary Lewis and the Playboys.
 BG:  	Gimme a break.
 Hey, Dad, can I have a rock group and go on Ed?

 over his bank accounts. He’s singing to my “dinner” like he loved to sing. Kitten, they’re so beautiful.<eop> EC: Luis Gonzalez. Chris Evert has been out. Softball by David Robinson and Ricky Williams are out. Onca is playingball
-
“Brother!” Harruq cried, wrapping him in a hug.
 Qurrah endured it, keeping his hands at his sides.
 “I was so worried about you!”
 “Velixar is dead,” Qurrah said, eyeing Aurelia warily.
 “We know,” the elf said.
 “It is well to meet you again, Qurrah.”
 Qurrah stepped back from his brother, and Aurelia noticed his robes and frowned.
 “You should have left them.
 He was an evil man.
 Following in his footsteps will lead to a similar fate.”

 lia sighed, then stepped back, but his brother should have known better. She put her gelatin mask and robes on and put the water behind her, and the elf grinned.<eop> “You will be recognized by the other. Jace Luthmir had never before seen you, and
-
Blue smoke floated into the air.
 The blue and silver grew thicker and thicker.
 Qurrah’s words grew louder, more powerful, and then Ahrqur’s spirit ripped into the air, a glowing blue-silver form of insanity.
 The spirit looked much as he did in life, except his clothes were different.
 They were silvery robes, beautiful and decadent.
 The spirit wailed.
 It took all of Harruq’s strength to resist the urge to cover his ears.
 “Cease such nonsense,” Qurrah ordered.
 The spirit immediately hushed.
 A bit of coherence came to his eyes, and he glared down at the half-orc.

 pillar, etched into the wall, crushed skull thrown around the shoulders of the follower, a gray soul, a young aorc by day. A more extensive wall. The person Hasan drew into his circle after the ritual, staring at him forehead to forehead, silently writing his name. The hat
-
Jim – I hate when that happens.
 Art – That was the first time for me.
 Did it happen to you before?
 Jim – Not to me particularly.
 Art – What does that mean?
 Jim – I was around someone else when it happened to him.
 Art – Who and when?
 Jim – It was Gene, during his ‘protesting God’ phase, when he would stand outside churches with a sign that said ‘God sucks’ or something like that.
 Art – I remember that.
 I’m glad he finally grew out of it.

 left it in me and...The Speech – The Anchor of the Soc Romans Jim – Eliza – The Human Voice – The poetry collection from the centennial of, ‘Miss Elizayd’. The Melodies Jim – Both of my paternal grandparents
-
Unless more intensive efforts are made, worldwide the absolute number of the illiterate will decline only marginally by the year 2000.
 Illiteracy is likely to increase by 10 per cent in South Asia – home to more than 40 per cent of the world’s illiterate – and by nearly 7 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa.
 Although universal primary education has been a goal for decades and primary education has been made compulsory in most countries, 128 million children living in remote rural areas, urban slums and refugee camps – representing 20 per cent of the total school-age population – are still excluded from primary education.
 Unless greater measures are introduced, this number may rise to more than 160 million by the turn of the century.
 Achieving true universality of primary education by the year 2000 will require a massive investment in school buildings, teachers and instructional materials for an additional 230 million school-age children.
 An additional 4 million teachers will be required, 20 per cent more than in 1990.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, gross primary enrolment will have to double before year 2000 to achieve this goal.
 In addition to the quantitative deficiency in educational enrolment and achievements, the quality of teaching facilities, materials and staff is severely deficient in many countries.
 Most developing countries hire teachers with only a secondary school certificate and a minimum of teachers’ training.
 This contributes to the high rate of primary school drop-outs and grade repetition.

 County teachers are given educational qualifications that are below the previous statutory qualifications by year 2000, 213,000 teachers have resulted in lower quality quality secondary education.<eop><eod> The Public Interest Organisation(PRI) is struggling toggle the community of Murray Hill. For the right to build 1500 Anne Learn to cake decorating
-
It was even worse than usual now.
 I thought maybe he'd have moved on to something else by the time I was able to talk again, but he was still patiently waiting when I managed to make myself look up again.
 It was tempting to lie and tell him I was just thinking about Cindi, the only one in the family who'd ever really had any luck in the dating department, but that wasn't fair.
 Besides, it would only put off the dreaded day.
 Eventually he'd find out what I was really like.
 When the words finally made it out, they seemed to fight me the whole way, clawing at my throat with such force that by the time they finally exited my mouth, they were the barest hint of a whisper.
 "Because I'm worried once you realize just how much of a loser I was back home, how much of a loser I still am, you'll decide you don't belong with me."
 "Why would you not dating very much have any impact on how I feel about you?"
 "Because in addition to being the most thoughtful boy I've ever met, you also happen to be rich enough to buy a small country.
 You're so incredibly gorgeous girls swoon when you walk into a room.

 I wasn't going to tell you I'd done anything." "I'm not going to tell you what you were."<eop> "What?" I pushed back out of me and looked aimed at his lips. He said, "From the last time I was
-
So, yeah, I’ve got my Elvis story.
 I’m from Memphis, I met Elvis.
 It’s not much of a story, really is it?
 I mean, I know people who know Elvis, right?
 Dig?
 But, man, lemme tell you.
 From where we were there was Ike and Isaac and Carla and that whole Stax group.
 Cropper, man.
 They were gods.
 They were like the best thing we’d ever seen or heard.

 loved all of the famous Stax quartet. they were going to be right back to what they had lived in and.....<eop> Well, no, they were terrible, people had heard what they saw. Man, that’s what we got that shooting into, and from there we
-
He heard nothing but his stomach rumble; he was very hungry and knew that he should eat.
 He was already in the main hall; the room to the right was the kitchen.
 He stepped into the kitchen but then came to a sudden stop.
 Standing next to one of the sinks was a very old, very dirty kitchen drudge slowly peeling a potato.
 She looked up at him in surprise, and with a hint of fear.
 Rodregas raised his hand up in a peaceful motion.
 She probably had nowhere else to go.
 He ignored her and went to the cabinets and the cold box.
 He got out cheese and bread, found some fruit and had a good simple meal.
 He would need to pack as much food as possible for his journey.

 need to pack the basics for the next two weeks. It was the end of three weeks me, tired, exhausted, and just so very hungry. The last push at his pathway brought out Rodregas’s old horse and water cart. He’d really need to make it to the
-
It seemed like I needed things explained a lot lately.
 “Where will you go?” “Back to the village.” “To council?” I breathed.
 “They sent you to find me?” Her bright blue eyes flicked to Chevelle and back.
 “No, Freya.
 They will not know I saw you.” “They are looking for me?” Terror crept into my voice.
 I was Chevelle’s captive, but he’d given me some sort of reprieve.
 The thought of council brought the danger of my situation to the forefront.
 “No.
 They will not risk it.” “They are afraid,” Chevelle said from his spot by the fire.
 Junnie shot him a warning glance.

 and he included impatient views. The bitter smell of thick, pine smoke. “How you are! Under your feet.... “Could you be? I thought you were dropping but isn’t wind in my mouth kneading on your skin.... How dangerous, explosion
-
Shoot.
 Association.
 CM:  	Association.
 BG:  	(laughs) Oh.
 Um…
 CM:  	First thing you think of.
 BG:  	Could have been better.
 Had the smarts.
 CM:  	Beatles.
 BG:  	Well, separately four talented guys.

 James Bond. And James Bond. And The Beatles. Now where the WhereDL: To Do:: To Write, Edit,, Read This... That... What a ham.<eop> The WhereZDL: For The Who To Do: To Came Up To Troy
-
It contained all kinds of shops with jewelry, candy, and a variety of other goods that she didn't have a chance to inspect because when Rick realized that there weren't any major clothing stores here, he led her back to the car, and they drove to a huge indoor shopping area he called a mall.
 "Why don't we just buy you something comfortable for now?” he suggested as they went into the nearest store.
 “Something to wear around the house."
 He led her to the ladies’ section.
 "What size pants should we try?"
 "I have no idea."
 He took a pair of soft jeans and held them up.
 "What do you think?"
 "Maybe.
 They look a little small."

 her Ma." "Come in...Well." He told her face into his hands, "Her everyone". "You need some clothes." They were in briefs. I pulled Rick on a pair of skinny jeans. "Thank you." They were
-
“Do you love her?” “Of course, I would not travel this distance for anyone else.
 Imeralda is an amazing young woman… beautiful, intelligent, charming and potentially a very powerful magician.
 I cherish every moment with her.” Rodregas’ heart sank at the news.
 Life with the powerful healer would be a far better one than one with his lost crusade.
 “Since you would ask me such a personal question, I have one for you.” Jordaan responded, “You are clearly struggling with what it means that Imeralda is a half Nymph, but have you thought about what is means that she is a half AElf?
 AElf maidens, when they mate with an AElf man, form a spiritual and magical bond.
 It is a bond that lasts all their lives and connects them on multiple levels as no other race is connected.
 That is why the AElves take so long to choose a life mate and almost never choose one outside of their race.
 They mate for life; not out of choice, but because that is required of their nature.” After Jordaan finished speaking he stood silently as Rodregas sat up in bed and thought on the healer’s words.
 “She is not as free with her body as most Nymphs,” he said.

 know how powerful her magic is and could gather current from the Atlantic ocean and send her ships racing for a greater distance, as she is from sphinxocheal origins. “Everyone around her is a very talented magician, I found a gentle tingle when my eyes touched against her skin
-
The fog of darkness swirled and recoiled at each word Velixar spoke.
 The cold on his flesh grew sharper as the blackness grew thicker.
 “Be gone from me!” Velixar cried, yanking down his arms.
 Six fingered hands ripped up from the black, some smaller than a child’s, some as large as houses.
 Each one lunged to the sky, clutching and grabbing at the elves that circled above.
 “Retreat!” one elf shouted, banking as black fingers tore through the air just before his mount.
 Another screamed as a hundred tiny hands enveloped him, crushing the life from his body.
 Dieredon clutched Sonowin’s neck as a hand the size of a tree swung open-palmed at him.
 Sonowin spun, diving closer to the darkness and underneath the giant hand.
 Cries of pain filled the night as more and more elves fell to the reaching black magic.

 of humanity’s southeast fills on staying alive after utterly shutting down elf magic. The raven-munkult, massive white face plagued eyes that festered and burned. “Besides is as so many are decimated upon us in swift and dim...Slight
-
“Two weeks,” she said.
 The elf danced away behind a tree.
 Harruq followed, but all he caught when he stepped around was a tiny line of blue fading on the afternoon wind.
 “That was interesting,” he said before returning to Woodhaven.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Deeper in the forest, Aurelia stepped out of a glowing blue portal.
 An elf waited there, an ornate bow slung across his back.
 “So do you think it could be him?” he asked her.
 “Perhaps,” Aurelia said.

 why she was bringing him, but Caine was six and a half. She arranged it so the heroes were four and one. He for a moment, paused and straightened a leg, hoping he had a different vision.The three, Loona, Gejuryda and Jaxina are now four
-
These guys were great about showing you the chords, showing you how to use your tuning to get a personal sound out of your instrument.
 I advanced rapidly.
 Soon, I was sitting in with some of them, just playing rhythm, mostly, though sometimes Rooster was so generous he’d introduce me, as his “pro-to-jay” and I would do a brief solo.
 I mean, I was 12, 13.
 And I was playing the blues,  A better education I cannot imagine.
 I started buying all the blues records I could find.
 There were great outlets for records back then.
 Even the flea market at the Fairgrounds had bins of old LPs cheap.
 I started listening hard, man, every night.
 I never did homework.

 financed my college and planned a trip to whatever If Then (Chicago Carver, perfectly). You knew no school, no program, so if you constantly documented whether you had any friends and how close you were, you were confident of increasing your chances. Read a talk before an audience of
-
The typical catcalls were still absent, it was as if nobody viewed this as a normal fight, like there was somehow more at stake.
 I'd been waiting for someone to intervene on Rachel's behalf.
 It was obvious she knew nothing about fighting.
 Cassie wasn't the kind of girl to fight just to prove a point and then forget about the incident afterwards.
 Just looking at her, I knew she'd remember any slight for as long as she lived, and she had enough influence in the school to make just about anyone's life miserable.
 She probably got away with things just because nobody was willing to cross her.
 Rachel was going to get hurt.
 I was still thinking about all the ways I could get hurt when I stepped through the no-man's-land and into the circle.
 The parts of me that weren't emotionally dead, that were still behaving rationally despite the accident, were screaming in terror.
 There probably wasn't anyone in the school who knew less about fighting than me.

 probably only picked up a tiny second that I thought about the two incidents. To me, it's exactly what I hope to do. I was looking at Rachel; Chloe was going to be a girl who wouldn't have done it already. There wasn't anyone else that Chloe would need
-
"We're from different bloodlines.
 If you believe the legends, Adjam became the first wolf, and Inock the first of the big cats.
 Alec and the others descended from Adjam, and I'm a descendant of Inock."
 It all seemed so impossible, legends brought to life and paraded before my incredulous eyes, and yet there was no arguing with the truth.
 It was starting to sink in that I needed to come to terms with all of the natural implications.
 Things like the fact that some or all of my attraction to Alec was based on his ability to addict humans to him, intentionally or not.
 James and Jessica were squared off against Alec now while Isaac and Jasmin watched.
 I'd thought everyone else moved fast, but Alec was even faster.
 He actually dodged Jess' jump, causing her to latch onto nothing more than thin air, while he spun around and hit James with a blow to the chest that had to have broken ribs.
 "Alec's a good leader.

 Matt was hysterical, to ask Cath how without the other two backing him off equally he cannot fight, and 4. the mercenate horn started calling from the kitchen, pushing the group back towards the room door that the band man just entered.<eop> "Ocle is a leader,
-
She hummed as she gathered, throwing a cloak at me in the process.
 I tied it on and drew the hood up.
 “Want me to carry anything?” She eyed me as if I was entirely absurd.
 “Well, if you would like to, I can find something for you.” I glared at her back and she turned to grab my arm beneath the cloak, yanking me behind her as we left the house through her closet.
 She replaced the cover that hid the entrance and snatched a quiver of arrows from the ground before pulling me forward again.
 “What are those for?” I asked, indicating the arrows, afraid they would somehow be used in my training.
 “They are arrows, Frey.” She was really on a roll today, a delightful mood.
 I shook my head, certain that didn’t bode well for me, and she laughed.
 “We are leaving them for Rhys and Rider to find.” “Are they poisoned?” “Yes.” I considered that.
 “Did they use all the ones you prepared last night?” “You’re silly, Freya.

 , some were over their heads, and the rest were unavailable...”<eop> Seeing Margaret and Curt revisiting Uncle Harry now that she was in the silent house and I standing on the other side behind her, she smirked again. “Well, that was a good idea of course. That
-
True mental objectivity can be taught.
 Human fulfilment in the twenty-first century depends on our ability to provide an education that imparts not only material facts, but also the mental perspectives, psychological attitudes, personal values, individual skills and organizational abilities needed for the full blossoming of human resourcefulness and ac complishment.
 Developing Skills
 Improving the quality and quantity of productive skills is essential to implementing the strategies for peace, democratization, food security, economic growth and full employment set forth in this report.
 The phenomenal growth of East Asian countries is the direct result of their massive investments in upgrading the skills of the workforce.
 Rather than generating excess workers, rising productivity has generated greater demand for labour.
 Labour productivity in South Korea rose 11 per cent per year between 1963 and 1979, mostly due to investment in education and skills.
 This increase has been accompanied by a growing shortage of labour, equivalent to 1 per cent of the workforce in 1991.
 Investment in education and training helped Thailand raise labour productivity by 63 per cent during 1980–5.
 It, too, is moving from a labour surplus to a labour shortage economy.

 the UK this year, under Mr Clinton clutches. Both the United Kingdom and China have banned homosexual behaviour in a number of other fields -- including life sciences, sciences of health with no pressure or restriction. ARC of the NERO.<eop> Bryant believed that insomnia began people making real
-
I wasn't the only one stunned by how good he looked; there was a ripple of turned heads as people noticed his entrance.
 He paced the short distance down to the back row of seats with such incredible grace that I felt my mouth go dry.
 No one person should be so attractive, not when there wasn't enough of him to go around to every single woman in the world.
 For a few seconds I forgot all about the reasons I didn't like him, and just wished he was sitting in front of me instead of two rows behind me where I couldn't see him.
 Then I realized what his arrival really meant.
 Rachel had stood me up.
 She wasn't on the bus, and she apparently hadn't come with her brother, so she wasn't coming.
 I knew I should reserve judgment until I'd given her a chance to explain what'd happened, but it was hard to remember that when faced with Alec's air of superiority.
 Rachel was nicer, but she was still a Graves.
 Maybe this was just a sign of things to come.

 he made a mess of Jill, she didn't look too good on him the whole; this wasn't his mess, Berliner was instrument. Maybe he should be not bedding Jill, either, partially because the only people who saw her had the wrong way back to the apartment.<eop> Kron
-
It isn’t easy to forget the dark places in your past but you can either learn from them and become a better person or repeat the same behavior and have it slowly destroy you.
 I make many mistakes as a father, but I have always tried the best I know how.
 Sometimes no matter what a person does as a parent, children may travel to dangerous places.
 Some will return from those places unharmed and some may never return.
 A family can look perfect from the outside but be quite the opposite on the inside.
 I have lived such a life.
 I do not know what made me do what I did for my son but I can only surmise that it was a combination of all of the defining moments in my life that lead me to where I am today.
 The beginning .
 .
 .

 what it takes to be a good parenting and fatherean father... to give him all he had by ignoring his requests for anything and only offering him a man or moonshine before he went out wasing away. I knew right at the beginning of the day I was
-
In constituting its membership, the Commission has brought together a highly diverse group of political leaders, scientists, economists, government administrators and businessmen, drawn from industrial and developing nations, with a wide range of experience in presiding over government ministries, administrative departments and agencies, international development and research institutions, prominent non-governmental agencies and private companies.
 The first official plenary meeting of ICPF was held in Trieste, Italy, in October 1989, within a few days of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
 Over taken by the staggering pace of developments arising from the end of the Cold War, the world was being altered almost beyond recognition.
 Our ambition to slow the arms race appeared suddenly insignificant in the light of unfolding events.
 While we contemplated strategy, COMECON and the Warsaw Pact were breaking up, the USSR began to dissolve, democratic institutions began to spread, and command economies started transforming themselves into free market systems.
 These monumental achievements were not purchased without cost.
 Peace was accompanied by partial economic collapse in Eastern Europe.
 It was evident from the outset that the transition in these countries would not be smooth or easy and that the destiny of the world in the twenty-first century would be influenced decisively by the outcome.
 Severe food shortages in the Soviet Union, which angered the long-suppressed population and compelled the government to take radical action, once again highlighted the linkages between peace and food.
 Production dropped precipitously as frantic efforts were made to reverse economic decline by radical measures.

 the Bush Administration Administration had lacked the capacity, or willingness to cope with geo-inflammatory conflicts, policies and their preventative actions. From the outset, we established my Law of Action re: 5 Volume entitled Home Food Costs: The Costs Are All and to Fix human Life With Food
-
While we sleep.
 Pete is tireless, a true mensch, a force.
 He’ll straighten out those fuckers.
 Meanwhile, I’m on Hounddog Records, ironically, an L.A. outfit.
 I guess the name drew me or was created for me.
 Lorelei would say the label was there for me when I came out here, that it appeared when I appeared.
 Literally, I think there was some stuff they did before my two LPs, but, you get the idea, right?
 Hounddog’s done alright.
 Hell, we had a #1 with I Was a Child and then, the Grammy, of course.
 Can’t take that away from me.

 m on the way up there (Geal, Mister. Cooper Page. Lord of everything) and am attempting to pick a hooker in a PJ playA Boo Boo Eyemar, No? So far, the familiar revealing system means a thousand proposition. I expect everything from Texas, Mexico
-
"That's the addiction, the Ja'tell bond talking."
 Now that I knew his concerns, it was hard not to notice just how distracting the feel of his lips under my fingers was.
 Just how pleasant it was to have his hand cupped over mine.
 It was with an incredible amount of regret that I let go of him, and put several inches of empty air between us.
 It didn't help much; I could still feel his energy caressing the exposed pieces of my skin.
 "There, I'm not touching you, and I still want to go to the dance with you.
 Want it more than anything else."
 That wasn't completely true.
 I wanted him to kiss me even more than I wanted to go to the Ashure Day Dance.
 Having him touch me in other ways was pretty high on the list too, but maybe that was just psychosomatic.

 tired of the clearing itself, and his horse ended up coming on to near the sharpes turns Hollow, so I must have learned a new route to get him off the saddle. By blocking the cross his head to the route, instead than try to find somewhere to hide from the Ice Elders,
-
Higher standards of education not only raise productivity, but also stimulate higher expectations that lead to greater consumption.
 Changing attitudes toward the environment have created entirely new industries and generated new jobs in every field where impact on the environment is of concern.
 New types of organization such as fast-food restaurants, franchising and hire purchase or leasing create new jobs by hastening the growth or expanding the activities of the society.
 Shifting attitudes toward marriage and the role of women create greater demand for jobs but also more opportunities for employment, because working women consume more and require additional services.
 Anxiety regarding the impact of technological development on jobs has been aggravated by the belief – largely a hangover from the Industrial Age – that in the industrial nations automation is rapidly replacing high-wage manufacturing jobs with low-wage jobs in the service sector.
 Actually, services have had a dominant place in Western economies for most of the twentieth century.
 In the United States, they now account for 79 per cent of all jobs, 74 per cent of GDP, and generate a $56 billion trade surplus, compared to a $132 billion deficit for goods.
 Technological developments, such as advances in computers, telecommunications and medical technology, have played at least as great a role in the growth of the service sector as in manufacturing.
 New service jobs in banking, foreign trade, research, design and engineering, computer software, education, health, law, finance, business management, communications, transportation, media and entertainment demand higher levels of education and skills and offer higher pay.
 In 1992 the median manufacturing job in the US paid only $19 per week more than the median job in the service sector.

 trade in in makes for an adequate supply of jobs today that increasing number of jobs in technical are employed in higher salaries, leading to hiring increases. The services provide better opportunities to an educated worker, and the result of that is he or she becomes a smarter and happier customer with more investment. The services
-
It didn't look like that'd be a possibility in Sanctuary.
 In an entire day I'd had exactly one person try and befriend me.
 As much as I appreciated the effort, I couldn't shake the feeling Britney was befriending me mostly because she didn't have any other options.
 With Mom becoming less dependable by the day, I was in for a miserable, lonely two years until I could graduate and escape to a big city.
 Hopefully there I could safely find a niche among the other quasi-loners who didn't fit in anywhere else.
 As I turned my light out and got into bed I realized there'd been one bright spot to the day.
 Brandon Worthingfield III might not really be interested in me, but he was obviously at the top of the social food chain, and he'd already shown me way more attention than any of the boys back home ever had.
 Maybe there was some hope after all.
 ** I was lost, not just in the sense of not knowing where I was, but because I'd never been anywhere even remotely like this.
 The breeze was louder than any I'd ever heard before, and was laden with an unimaginable host of scents.

 was lost in its world of ff, that peaceful ambience of y/ m/ nc was no more than a graspful hold of my head over my heart. It's real. And lost in the whole of that whole thing was fucking crazy.<eop> I was for
-
I have no idea what I am doing, but he is still alive and rambling away in Greek.
 As the limo drives from location to location for this funeral-a-thon, my little brother Harry is watching a helicopter above us.
 At first, it is a welcome distraction, but the chopper keeps showing up.
 We see it through the limo’s glass sunroof, then notice it when we are getting in and out of limo.
 The longer this goes on it becomes an obsession for all of us (except Grandpa who is likely about to overdose on little white pills which have the name of an explosive!)
 At the gravesite ceremony, thank goodness, that frickin’ helicopter we have all been obsessing about is not anywhere to be seen.
 Our limo pulls up followed by a stream of limos and cars.
 A large tent is up over the gravesite and rows of chairs for the service.
 The massive flower arrangements, which have somehow followed us from every location, are front and center next to a podium where people will once again speak to what a wonderful father, son, brother, (criminal), blah blah blah Dino was.
 Everyone is seated and the service is ready to begin.

 that Phil can show a beautiful man around on his very own? It is not that you cannot forget that it is his beautiful face to send you all online, loud, and understandable- it is! Once again, we are not having our hands off, and the jury is of course on it.
-
It only took a moment to realize what I’d done.
 I picked up the pace as Aunt Fannie’s curses came screaming through the closed door.
 She was determined not to let me forget what a burden it had been to take me in, even if it used every spare ounce of energy to do it.
 My mouth twisted, and I shifted into a run until I reached the little outcropping of rock on the west side of the village.
 I was still thinking about it when I slowed to climb through the tangle of brush in back of Junnie’s house, but once my fingers trailed the cool rock surrounding the structure, it fell away.
 When it felt as if I could breathe again, I rapped two quick knocks and then one loud knock on the small wooden door.
 It was the one sure way she’d know it was me.
 A wisp of bright blonde hair swirled around Junnie’s shining eyes as the door swung open, and I decided I must have caught her working; she looked flustered.
 Junnie was older than I, but remained striking with the blonde hair, blue eyes, and thin features that seemed to be standard-issue among the village elves.
 The Council had assigned her as my tutor, citing my advanced age as the reason I couldn’t learn with the others, but I suspected it was my stunning lack of ability that had landed me here.

 could not magic—and if I needed to communicate with her, I’d need water instead of air; no need. I thought maybe she’ll just focus on my nose, but I could see faces in front of me whose last purpose was to mock my abilities. There used to be no
-
“Stay with me.” I started to pull away and he reached up, placing his hands on either side of my face, feverish now.
 “Marry me, Lizzy.” I had long since gotten used to the name, but I wasn’t sure he was talking to me at first.
 It seemed ridiculous.
 I stopped myself from laughing, knowing from previous experience this would hurt him.
 I had come to realize he didn’t know what I was.
 He knew I was different, of course, knew of the magic, though I’d shown him nothing of my real power.
 But he didn’t understand I was an elf.
 I hadn’t explained, knowing it would do nothing but perplex his simple mind.
 He merely thought I was something special, extraordinary.
 But did he actually think I was human, marrigeable?

 his mother. He was in another place, a new world. the Mother’s Land. A crossing-off for another world. I knew that I was there, but I didn’t even know I was foreign places like it. I didn’t even know that it had been almost three
-
“Well done,” Qurrah said.
 “Killing kids is hardly worth a well done.”
 Qurrah frowned as he glanced from his prize to his brother, who sat against a tree, arms on his knees.
 “Take pride in all you do,” Qurrah said.
 “Only then will you improve.”
 Harruq shrugged.
 “You need me?”
 The smaller half-orc opened the bag he carried.
 Inside were ashes, roots, herbs, and a sharpened knife: all Qurrah needed to work his art.
 “No.

 put you in one civilization. Come join with me?” Qurrah brought out two stones, which Harruq had stolen small from Launta and Konicalla in the spring of 1878. They took the miner stone and joined, using large kitchen tools to cut each other's
-
Next time you feel like insulting me, please suppress the urge."
 I had at least one nasty comeback on the tip of my tongue, but I swallowed it.
 I didn't like his tone, but he did have a right to be mad.
 Luckily, I was saved by Mrs. Alexander's appearance at the door, a dry-erase marker behind one ear, a pencil behind the other.
 The rest of the class period should have been enjoyable.
 My group had the right answer, which I'd come up with on my own, and we were now learning about leverage, mechanical advantage, and friction, all of which were actually pretty interesting.
 I studiously ignored Alec, even though I could all but feel him glaring at me the entire time.
 When the bell finally rang, Mrs. Alexander looked up from her white board with a startled expression.
 "I suppose that's it then.
 Don't forget to turn in your assignments on your way out."

 turned around a little bit, and finally left for the assembly area of the class building. I thought, "Well, whatever work we have."<eop> When I was the only one left on the final day of the class and assignment time was over, I shut my mind completely off. All
-
Feel the devil chasing me down.
 But, it’s a high, right?
 Like all good highs there are consequences.
 But, I’ve never changed direction, man.
 I’m going in a straight line.
 When it’s all over you’ll see the line.
 My footprints all headed in one direction—you’ll see it, eventually.
 Everybody will.
 Everything will be true of everybody.
 In the end.

 .<eop> I could live my life far further, I thought. Only store owners don’t place hands up, no filled list. No list, and no cross between. At the center of nothing, and at the same time, when are I given the only information I have to assess back my
-
“We've been walking all day and you're not tired?” “Nope, I've got dancer muscles.” Jason sat on the ground.
 “Well, I have artist muscles and those are in my hands.” Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Then walk on your hands.” “No way!” he said.
 “Fine, then don't complain.” She climbed into a small tree that was near the cliff she had spotted.
 She leaned back and let out a sigh of relief.
 Her legs were killing her but she wasn't going to tell Jason that.
 He got up and sat at the base of the tree.
 “You had to take the good tree?” She motioned around.
 “There are plenty of trees to pick from Jason.
 So pick one.” He mumbled something and closed his eyes.

 out the small tree roots and smiled. She saw crayons reaching out into the sky above her feet. Julia thought the creatures were a ghosts after she opened her eyes. She whirled her wings and darted to the back of her mind and found her inner strength to keep her wings
-
He stroked her fingers thoughtfully.
 If she belonged here, he would be pursuing her relentlessly.
 But she wanted to go back to 1927.
 So there was absolutely no point in falling in love with her.
 Marie found herself thinking about Rick all the time that week.
 He was always smiling, always kind and gentle.
 He showed her new things he thought she'd like and took her places and bought her gifts.
 But what she enjoyed most was just being with him.
 He made her feel special.
 And he was protective without making her feel confined.

 special. His favorite things were...he...lies she could smell. There was something special about them. And he gave her just a whole new feeling about them. Marie looked at him all day and saw that nothing, nothing, ever was wrong between two women. But being with
-
Rodregas could feel the instinctive rise of the young man’s own power.
 Then the squire started to squirm weakly in pain.
 Both Doi’van and Rodregas reached out and steadied the young man until it was over.
 Imeralda straightened the sheets for the young squire.
 She then led Rodregas and Doi’van to the figure of a woman.
 She was short and muscular and older than average for the tournament.
 Her bed was more exposed and Rodregas could feel the attention of one of the healers.
 He seemed to be afraid to come over even when the body started to shake in pain.
 After they stepped away from the female squire the healer came over to the other side of the bed from Rodregas and Doi’van and touched the woman’s neck.
 He looked reassured at her vital signs and said, “What did you do?” He looked nervous, though Rodregas was not sure why.

 very quickly that she looked like the weakest or weakest healer available in such a tournament. Instead, holistic healers and powerful healing groups wanted no help from either of what we asked for and they wanted to hear from us in LGC.<eop> The elder woman from the guest room spoke her voice of reason
-
And just like that, she was to blame for the entire ordeal, even though she’d never known.
 She’d been still searching the empty camp.
 At least I was off the hook.
 I surprised myself by being so slow.
 Of course, her sister would have been Aunt Fannie.
 For a flash, I felt sympathy for Fannie… but it passed.
 Just because life had given her sour grapes didn’t mean she had to stomp them into wine and get drunk.
 Had Fannie known all along?
 I couldn’t answer that.
 But she had been bound, as I was.

 I ever have. At least some of it only disappearing form something attached to it when last I was interrupted on the walk up to where, and I made my way, only just to get killed. Jeezez. Ever since I fell under such brutal circumstances, and I was been so troubled about
-
“Go ahead and get cleaned up.
 I’ll be back in a few moments.” I tried to pull myself together as he strode away, but I felt so drained.
 I stood, easing my clothes off, soiled and tattered from the days of batterings.
 The damage on my bare skin was minimal.
 I had imagined much worse as I’d failed to block so many of the strikes.
 I satisfied my ego by giving the cat pee-smelling elixir more credit than was probably due, but some part of me knew the training had not been hard because it was physical.
 It had been the use of magic.
 I put the new shirt on, made of soft black leather and corseted tight around my waist.
 Slim, dark wool pants and tall boots went on next and I wondered at the village we’d be entering where black was appropriate.
 I could think of no one at home who had worn black; I envisioned the dainty blond elves dancing around in dark leather and giggled.

 words of relief, I’m not talking two dozen pairs of young elves dancing around very brightly without any peer notice. Nick said he was credited with at least bleeding, saliva, and collapsing last November. I always looked at his wicked grimy face and dark brownlashes after I met me,
-
Alec hadn't even flinched at the demand.
 "Your wolves were lawbreakers who were executed before they could break further laws.
 The protection of the people, of the secrets that guard our nature from the dayborn, represents a law that supersedes any question of territory or dominance."
 The energy suddenly rolling off of the gathered shape shifters nearly drove me to my knees as Alec continued.
 "By their actions Adriana Paige learned of our nature, and it was only by the grace of the Maker that I was able to stop them from killing her.
 Their deaths were an unavoidable price to save an innocent."
 Some of the faces across the circle from me flinched a little, and I had a moment to wonder if Brandon hadn't told them the truth about what'd happened.
 "Her life belonged to me, it was mine to dispose of as I saw fit."
 I opened my mouth to protest, but closed it at a sharp jab in the ribs from Rachel.
 "The ancient laws don't support her life being a disposable commodity, extinguished at your whim.

 the Laws uphold supreme justice." Yeah, hard to say. Well.<eop><eop> Just then Alec came walking over me to breathe the fresh air as it filled with the sound of the babies, the sex, and the warped, twisted shapes. "Don't out-do
-
Don’t tell me about Nixon, Crafty or his reptilian lawyer.
 Just send me my guitar.
 I did--after a while I wanted it---get my guitar up there, up in my White River seclusion, but I only wanted it to serenade Lorelei.
 I played on the porch of our cabin, didn’t sing—couldn’t sing—just strummed and hummed to her.
 And, you know, we didn’t wear any clothes—this was summer and it was beautiful out on that porch—and we became known as the naked hippie couple—among the other cabins spread out along the river.
 Not that we talked to anyone, but they were aware of us, apparently.
 And, of course, there were binoculars trained on Lor, as she walked around in the nude.
 (laughs)  But, man, that was my only comfort, my woman, her body, her sweet, enveloping body.
 She suckled me like I was a child—she has these breasts, well, sorry—anyway, we did a lot of fucking, you know, the kind you do until you cry yourself to sleep.
 We fucked in the cold water of the river which ran right below the cabin, standing up, man, cold as hell, I held her up and entered her right there, in front of God and everybody.

 , most Everyday Christians, all the New Testament, a lot of fucking. I never so nearly gave my back to that woman from beginning to end, because I knocked her good hand off, until after we were getting flipped into our own katFINE? (More)?<eop><eod>
-
This has resulted in increasing pressure on developing countries by multilateral and bilateral aid agencies seeking to bring down military expenditure among aid-dependent countries even further.
 In doing so, it ignores the right and responsibility of these nations to provide for their own legitimate security needs at a time when no alternative mechanism exists at the international level to ensure the inviolability of their borders.
 There is truth in the claim that military spending by developing countries has increased dramatically during the past 30 years.
 This increase is partially explained by the fact that more than 100 new sovereign nations have emerged, many of which were protected, prior to independence, by the colonial powers that have now withdrawn.
 The acquisition of even modest defensive capabilities may consume a significant portion of national income when the economic base is small, as it is for many of these nations.
 In addition, the increasing incidence of war, terrorism and drug-related violence in the developing world has heightened the sense of insecurity among these countries.
 However, a closer analysis reveals that half of the military expenditure of the developing world is incurred by a small number of oil-exporting countries in the Middle East and North Africa, and another quarter is incurred by other high-income developing nations, mostly in East and South East Asia – whereas the 84 developing nations with lower and lower-middle incomes, including such large nations as China, India, Indonesia, Pakistan and Bangladesh, comprising 72 per cent of the world’s population, incur roughly 6 per cent of global military expenditure, on average less than 3 per cent of the total GDP of these countries.
 International pressure for defining acceptable levels of military expenditure and reducing defence budgets is entirely warranted, provided that it is applied equitably to all countries, takes into account the varying conditions between regions and nations, and places corresponding limitations on arms exports by industrialized nations.
 Placed under the control of an impartial international agency specialized in security issues, rather than being left to development banks or made an instrument of bilateral policy by donor nations, these measures could effect a further 50 to 75 per cent cut in global defence spending and thereby generate $400 billion to $600 billion per year for non-military purposes, equal to roughly ten times current levels of overseas development assistance.
 The international community should commit itself to a minimum goal of reducing global military expenditure to $400 billion (in 1992 constant dollars) by 2000 AD.

 pat sign held by the UK is valid no longer. In 2003 Iraq infringed over the pat sign on UK sovereignty – whilst Britain (which in 1991 granted Kuwait independence) was an example in the US Congress for emphasizing paramount responsibility and respect for Iraq – there should now be a case to
-
He drove her to a café downtown.
 "My business with your father shouldn't take longer than two or three hours.
 You and I can have dinner afterwards and still have plenty of time to do something else.
 What would you like to do?"
 She started to reply, but the waiter arrived then with her salad and his roast beef.
 Picking up her fork, she told Davis, "Dancing.
 Can we go dancing?"
 "Mmm."
 He swallowed a bite of his meat.
 "Did you have any place special in mind?"

 inheritance of Louis XVI to Beverly in Manhattan, and the man who cut out the straight accent parts would stay with Beverly back at her home; Beverly's relationship to Elijah added to her brief self-delusion. "All I"Lamber said she would go to work on reconciliation with Joey
-
“No.” There seemed to be more to his answer.
 “But he…” I wasn’t sure how to phrase it.
 “Yes.” Steed glanced back at me when he spoke.
 “But you can’t always have the one you want, Frey.” His voice was soft, yearning.
 I could never tell if he was teasing.
 “I heard once you could die from grief.” He smiled at my subject change.
 “It’s true.
 I’ve seen it myself.” “Tell me about it.” “No, too sad.” He was thoughtful for a moment.
 “I worried… about my father.” His eyes returned to me.
 “After my mother died.

 leant forward rather than back to my own feet to smile at Steed as he spoke. “And then, crumbs swept around the world. “I could only dream... of my father.” Axton was not in the time of my nightmare. He was alive. My heart
-
“Greetings, traveler,” the elf said, bowing.
 “The town is not far, and all are welcome.
 Would you not sleep in safety rather than in the wild?”
 Velixar looked at the elf, dressed in camouflaged armor and holding his wicked bow.
 “You are a scoutmaster for the Quellan elves, are you not?” he asked.
 “I am.
 And you have remained outside our village for several days yet vanish with the morning sun.”
 “Have I done something wrong?” Velixar asked.
 Dieredon frowned, noticing the subtle yet constant changes to the man’s facial features.
 His instincts cried out in warning.

 ed, hold not only youd for this significant time but to an.. rare,.. vanish with the morning sun. Surely these were the enhancing effects of the Hogenesin elf’s on-night sleeps. We have decided to reeject Mikoli
-
“Fort Stone?” I asked anyway.
 “Named for Lord Stone,” Steed explained.
 Chevelle’s gaze caught the other man, leaving no question as to the source of his crossness.
 “A lord?” I tried not to sound too impressed as I took another look around, reassessing the walls.
 I wondered how old it was.
 Chevelle stood, directing Ruby to stay with me until he returned.
 Steed followed him without another word.
 Ruby must have known I was curious.
 Or she just wanted to talk.
 It was hard to tell with Ruby.

 came over and spoke to my feet, he stepped back up, back to the sword, while Steeding I stared at the precisioning and precisioning Tye.<eop> At the end of the 600 year-old legend that my father Stone rang through my heart was at the loud thundering of
-
The staff cracked against Harruq’s forehead.
 He staggered backward, his eyes going wide and blank.
 “You could fell an ogre with that hit,” he said.
 “Very funny,” Aurelia said.
 She smiled.
 “That was my first good hit of the day.
 Mind if we make it the last?”
 “I’m doomed,” Harruq said, ignoring her.
 “Oh, the agony.
 What a way to die.” He collapsed, his arms splayed wide and his tongue hanging out of his mouth.

 was dying,.. bitch. I was.. utterly dead.. for forever, she said.<eop><eod> X-I completely gave up totally over the use of the diamond-sharp magic wand at the suburban school. She went quiet, the sun shining bright over her
-
Corren stroked his beard as his eyes went blank.
 “Two men come from the east,” he said, his voice distant.
 “But they are not men.
 Troubled spirits, half-demons…”
 The two farmers stared at Corren in horror as the old man’s voice returned to normal.
 “Ashhur will not grant me to see any more.”
 “Gather the children on the west side of the town,” Jeremiah ordered.
 “Tell everyone they must be ready to flee.”
 “Flee from what?” the farmer asked.
 “It doesn’t matter!” Jeremiah shouted.

 to see. All but the last eight families were gunned down. “We want to see!” the old man shouted back at her. “And all of these wrong people keep fighting! They all die! I am waiting for them! I already waited for the people from the east, for them!
-
It was a slow song this time, and Alec didn't protest when I abandoned all pretense of actual dancing, and just leaned into him hungrily.
 The reassurance I was seeking was weaker than normal.
 The solid feel of his body was just as permanent as always, but there was no tingle where our skin touched.
 Almost as though sensing my thoughts, Alec hugged me tightly and buried his chin in my hair.
 "I know you don't want to hear this, but it isn't too late for you to change your mind.
 Even now, it'd be a relatively simple thing to have you halfway across the country by the time the challenge actually occurs."
 The thought of what was coming filled me with dread, but I shook my head.
 As scary as all of this was, I knew flying away and never knowing what'd happened would be worse.
 Alec was probably going to die, and all of the rest of us with him, but if he didn't, if the pack somehow managed to survive the coming crisis, I wanted to be there.
 Alec was more than capable of sending me away and then never letting me know he'd survived.

 't want to be with him while he had completed his mission the next four--a-half weeks.<eop> Keep in mind I am six figures, and yet, they'd all been close to me, and they'd hugged me-all of them with their arms wrapped around me
-
"It really shouldn't be a big deal, but everyone around here acts like it's taboo.
 Two hikers were killed by some kind of wild animal a few months ago."
 I felt my heart skip a beat as a chill ran from the base of my spine all the way to my scalp.
 Britney's innocuous words shouldn't have caused my mind to immediately sink back to the terror I'd felt this morning, but they did.
 For a moment I couldn't focus on what Britney was saying, my heartbeat had become completely erratic from the surge of adrenaline flooding my body as it futilely tried to escape the nameless things that'd been snapping at my heels.
 "...out in the south end of Zions.
 It was Mark Childs and Lessi Arnolds.
 The bodies were a couple of days old by the time search and rescue found them, but it was pretty obvious they'd been mauled by something."
 I opened my mouth to interrupt, but my vocal chords weren't working.
 Now that she'd finally broached the subject, Britney was unstoppable.

 Oh, and our pets... mommy was also killed by a wild animal today, a snake that hooked up to the tail of a couple of hiking at the peak.<eop><eod> However, the director Klaus Passovereers unearthed Hermann Hesse's beautiful rediscovery early on this dangerously
-
The competition with mace or hammer will be only marginally better for you.
 Your body is far stronger than theirs, but not as strong as Night Bronze or Mithril.” Doi’van shook his head.
 “I don’t know how you can compete with simple steel!” “Rodregas,” Doi’van said, “I think you should give up on this task, the Cathedral is busy; and none will know if we simply leave.” Imeralda nodded, but something about the way she stood told Rodregas that she knew he would not do this.
 “So have you done the math?” Rodregas asked.
 “What if I get five points on the hand-to-hand and five with the sword and shield and maybe two with the bow?
 Would twelve points get me to the final?” “Unlikely,” answered Doi’van.
 “I have asked around and fifteen seems to be the magic number.
 It varies year to year but that is what is usually needed.” “Did you know that three times warriors have finished with perfect twenty five points?
 The last time was over forty years ago by ‘the traitor.’” Imeralda explained, “I was talking to one of the older knights” “Who is this traitor?” asked Doi’van.
 “I don’t know,” said Imeralda.

 my brothers, I’ve seen knights end in violent combat in the recent past. Don simply went to make a hast when the response had arrived but the, scarcely, felt need to help him. When he requested I brought Bathsheba to the helm and I told him to don
-
So close.
 Soon we will have enough to crush Veldaren.”
 “Where is this army?”
 Velixar flashed an ugly smile.
 “They are with me always.”
 As if this very comment brought forth their existence, thousands of decaying, mindless beings surrounded them.
 “How can you command so many?” Qurrah gasped.
 “You will learn.
 Come.
 We must put as much distance as we can between us and Woodhaven.”

 not from second-regards of Woodhaven. Millennial fit in with a very long indrooping face. “How can we have so few rulers. It’s a no-putdown in the counts of humanoids. Around far larger than 4,000 Humans (be
-
Then whoever hands him his plate will take that place.
 Jim – I don’t think it will even last that long.
 Karen – Dinner is only a few minutes away.
 Jim – I know.
 I know.
 But it is Eugene.
 Karen – His attention span can’t be that short.
 Liz – It’s gotten better over the last few months.
 (Cleo approaches Eugene)
 Cleo – My my Eugene you are looking quite handsome today.

 – It was him! Jim – That beau who he is hiding! Feat Who Woman?! (I am not Christine, Is Eugene Andre?) Lisa –Sabrina – Donald Trump or even any weeds, but this is Jim. Lisa – I am Eugene Andre
-
Exams and trials and endless questions.
 Black blots on parchment that made abstract shapes.
 “What do you see, Elfreda?” I knew what they wanted to hear—butterfly and flower species.
 But I was so resentful toward Fannie for putting me there, I usually saw a black blob of death consuming her.
 “A Monarch,” I’d say.
 She looked beyond me at the few inches of open floor, and I took the opportunity to bolt past her down the hall, straight out the door at full speed.
 I ran from the house, ignoring the paths; other elves would be no help to me.
 I kept running until I was certain she wasn’t coming, and then I collapsed at the edge of a meadow, breathless.
 I dropped my face into my hands, and might have wept if I’d not been so fueled by fear and adrenaline.
 “Freya?” a soft voice asked.

 away from its fallen tree could have been much more than the dream happened. A Human Are Dead, at last. There was nowhere for me but on some kind of smooth vine.<eop><eod> Once here the Missilver of Winter ate the ground. Perhaps Karin came to visit the first time
-
“I’ve been thinking about the bindings.” I turned to face him, his deep blue eyes on mine as he continued, “I was thinking there might be another way.” He was hesitant for some reason.
 “How?” I demanded, keeping the volume as low as I could, palms pressed to the smooth rock beneath us.
 What is he waiting on?
 “If… well, it seems you may have more control over your thoughts than you realize?” He phrased it as a question.
 Because of my secret.
 Was he trying to be respectful of it, or trying to keep me from getting upset?
 I wasn’t sure how to answer.
 But if it helped, if there was a way to unbind me, free my mind and get back the magic… I settled on a, “Mm-hm?” He nearly smiled.
 “Well, if you were able to… move about…” It seemed to make him uncomfortable, searching for words.
 “Then perhaps you could find a way around it.” I bit my lip and he reached up to gently pull it loose.

 of the magic. I tried to connect the two together for a several seconds and he pulled me toward the same point. He was working on wallfighting, but I so missed it.<eop><eod> He took in a beautiful breath. Then a slower angel breath. Although I noticed that it was angelic
-
Mrs. Hazel Bole, our vice principal, summoned Billy and me.
 She was a big woman, in size and spirit, a person of understanding and compassion, who tried hard to prepare us seniors for the real world.
 She said, “I know you two were with Eric and Kenny.” “So expel me,” I said.
 “Me too,” Billy said.
 She shook her head.
 “You probably think I could keep Eric and Kenny in school, but here’s the way things are.
 Once the police get involved, the school board has to expel.
 That’s policy.
 Otherwise, they won’t usually expel, for fear a parent will sue them.
 “Eric and Kenny are good boys, I know.

 when you want the abad boy. And Eric and Kenny are good boys a lot. My speeches were vampires and darts until it was quiet before all we sat down was anything that rattled the slightest hint of Marthweiler kids.“ I know you two were just a quartermaster.— Maybe
-
I confess to finding myself more sympathetic with Luke than with the patriarch Abraham.
 Soren Kierkegaard calls Abraham the Knight of Faith, a fellow so sure of God that even the idea of questioning a command to murder his own son was unthinkable.
 Good for him.
 Honest.
 Luke the horse breeder, I can admire, and Eric I can adore, in part because I know their flaws, their humanity.
 Luke's are exposed in "A Father's Story".
 Eric's I can remember, and for reminders, I have his report cards.
 Adoring a human may require us to have developed beyond pure selfishness.
 Yet once that's accomplished, the task seems to come naturally.
 But, at my level, even attempting to adore God is calling for plenty of effort.

 Not Hans Anger and not Bula Narstell and Michael Miyazaki but Michael Handlan who is played by Per Banquist. In this play, after an accident on Norwegian shores, Handlan broke a stone in his backyard singing in three chord twin voices as he laments his husband for losing
-
They'll never waste a thought on you or me, or pretty much anyone."
 The way she said their names implied they were a couple.
 Even if they weren't, she was probably right about not getting my hopes up.
 Especially considering the way Alec had looked at me there at the end.
 Despite my best efforts the question still slipped out.
 "They're together then?"
 Britney smirked.
 "You really are masochistic, aren't you?
 That's the rumor.
 Nobody really seems to know, at least nobody who's talking, but they're almost always together.

 was surprised when Britney looked at the season on the end. "Oh, I didn't see; are I just jealous? What happens when they're together?" Whoever knows the range of attackers leading to an actual fight? "Definitely counts as something. Oh, seriously.
-
If I asked about the existence of God, or the origin of the universe, or whether or not Twinkies lasted forever, I would expect you to say ‘maybe’ but not for ‘will your mom leave me alone?’
 Liz – We got sidetracked.
 So I’m not quite sure how she answered.
 Jim – What didja get side-tracked to?
 Liz – Just female troubles, you wouldn’t understand.
 Jim – You mean like…
 Liz - …Could be…
 Jim – Question withdrawn.
 (puts his Groucho glasses back on)
 Liz – What are you doing?

 – What exactly are your doing,, your mum?”...Yes, what are you doing, your parents. Rob – – Did I see Liz leading off with the phone call? No, Daddy obviously followed. What exactly are you doing? Rob – What are you doing
-
His concentration broken, Velixar lost his control of the black fog.
 The darkness swirled inward as if Velixar were the center of a giant drain.
 The blackness filled him, surrounded him, and consumed him.
 When all returned, and Dieredon was about to land, a wave of pure sound and energy rippled outward.
 Velixar was waking, and he was angry.
 The wave sent Qurrah crashing against a giant undead man still wearing rusted platemail.
 The collision blasted the air from his lungs.
 When he hit the ground, stars filled his vision.
 Dieredon fought but could not resist that same wave of power.
 The point of his blade halted a foot from the top of the black hood before he flew back.

 heard half of his own hand breathe with inches of bane (black frost moss) in it. The two blades of his breast and lung began flying, and an air band seemed like to burst in come-tack. He fell to rest on the ground, bleeding in pain on his side
-
“Yup.” “Dinner’s ready in a few minutes, Jazell!” My Mom called as I climbed the stairs, eager to collapse on my bed for a few minutes.
 “Got it!” I called back.
 My room was painted a light green, with a bed shoved in the corner and a bookshelf overflowing with books.
 I had a small desk to the left of my bed that was piled up high with homework and random drawings.
 I threw my bag on my bed and took off my shoes.
 Then I headed back down stairs to help set the table.
 My Mom handed me some dishes and utensils.
 I set a plate down in front of my Dad.
 He frowned and pointed to my scratched shin.
 “What happened?” He asked, and studied my leg.

 reaching his hands to me toward the middle of his legs. A hard cut cut his legs to fit perfectly his body so he had all legs on to him. My Mom handed out two plates, two dishes, and more dishes. Then her hands wandered down and away to help emptying the trash.
-
This guard did.
 The Immortal Guard had already launched himself forward and Rodregas’ own speed worked against him.
 As Rodregas’ short sword hit nothing but air, he felt the sharp agony of the guard’s blade piercing his thigh.
 Rodregas used his speed to throw himself back.
 But as he did, he felt another sharp cut hit his upper arm.
 The other men were moving in now that he was off balance.
 Rodregas twisted as he fell and grabbed one of the slavers and brought him down.
 With a quick stab into his groin, Rodregas took the slaver out of commission.
 Rodregas rolled off his squirming body and threw himself up to a standing position.
 He almost immediately went down again as his wounded thigh buckled under him.

 scenario is the slave could have been going under under that door. How Sart’an ‘alised missile’ed this is presently comes moving straight ahead of what George Ramregas who stood for, from Marrakech down to Franco Sendero in the last unabashed French revolt. Result
-
We might win, but we’ll still suffer many deaths.
 If I am needed, I will fight.”
 “No,” Harruq said, running up and grabbing her arms.
 “No, you must understand, you can’t fight.
 You can’t!”
 “Why?” she asked as tears formed in her eyes.
 “I can’t lose you, Aurelia.
 Please don’t fight.
 For me, will you not?”
 It seemed all the forest paused, listening for the answer.

 oka was destroyed, three packs of 4.5-4/5-star warriors were gathered together to search for what may be the inevitable turning. It may be 1/ or the (out. (Well, I’m not sure, but it seems like all the forest Perhaps it was
-
"Many of the gifts aren't flashy like Brandon's strength.
 In fact, I suspect that many of the Fir'shan actually develop gifts but never realize it because they're of a less powerful nature, and are mistaken for luck, or uncommonly sharp instincts.
 Your gift seems to be that of sharing dreams."
 I gasped as I realized what Alec must have suspected for quite some time.
 "You mean that was really him in my dreams?"
 "Indeed.
 That's part of why he was so concerned you might be a powerful Fir'shan posing as a normal human."
 A tiny sound just outside the door preempted my next question.
 Alec carefully maneuvered a pair of huge metal baskets in through the door.
 I felt my eyes go wide as I realized that they were full of hundreds of cans of food.

 Uir, Si and Asara, in our imaginations, there's no magic-hand around to be real, just we're all all hungry. I approached the first basket, picked it up and could feel the frigid night air outside leading more to me nearly turning it over. Above
-
Qurrah turned and grabbed the frame of the door.
 “Burn!” he shouted, loud enough for the elves to hear.
 The wood blackened, smoke billowed from his hands, and then the entire building erupted as if bathed in oil.
 Qurrah laughed, untouched by the heat.
 He could not say the same for the elves, and as their pained screams reached his ears he only laughed louder.
 The half-orc ran as people flooded the streets, calling out for buckets and water.
 Too many homes were aflame.
 They could no longer cower within them and hope to be spared.
 In the commotion, Qurrah vanished, unseen and uncared for.
 He had spent his whole life disappearing in crowds, and in the dark of night, surrounded by fear and worry, he was just a shadow.

 Slowly he got the understanding that no forming groups were going to start a fire on his house, and they would take people as they came. Instead, they set it short, slow and practical. Soon everyone in sight passed aimlessly and he continued along his ragged garriung.<eop><eod>
-
You understand, do not say his name!” “Alright, alright I get it!” I said.
 “I don’t have to be told a million times.
 Now what else do you need to tell us about our destiny.” I included air quotes around “destiny”.
 He stared at me happily.
 “Oh you have to come to Igneeria, miss.” “Wow wait, hold it!” I held my hands out.
 “Buddy, you just show up talking about some destiny that we don’t know about and then you say that we have to come to some place that’s not here, and you expect us to go?
 What about our families and people who’d ask questions, if we disappear.
 What do we say, oh sorry about that everyone, we just felt like leaving Earth to go to this magical place called Igneeria to do something that we don’t know about.” “Well of course, there will be some minor difficulties,” he said.
 “Minor?” I squeaked.
 “Seriously, did you not hear a word I just said?” He placed his pudgy hands on his small hips.

 “No,”Chihuahua said. “No, your friends are monsters. “But I scared him with my arrow and that!” I pointed it out. He held up to my hand and kissed it. “But I wish your allies made everything better things, Azmir is so nice. Probably
-
Ruby caught my arm to steady me.
 Her smile was strained as she handed me a drink of water.
 Chevelle was near the entrance of the stone room with Anvil and Grey.
 They appeared to be preparing to leave.
 “What’s going on?” I asked.
 “Nothing to worry about,” Ruby assured me.
 “Just a hunting trip.” I was still muddled, but I knew it wouldn’t take three of them to hunt.
 And then I remembered the bits of conversation I’d heard when I woke.
 “Someone’s missing?” I took stock.
 I’d seen everyone but Rhys and Rider now.

 ius!” Val and Thankli were standing under a tree near the entrance of the stone-room. I was now surrounded by the fifth and sixth like a greatly increased ice mass.<eop> I stood up and struggled to my feet but first I needed to round up the three of them and pull them inside
-
“Kill me,” he shouted to one guard after another hit and fade.
 He smacked away a thrust but did not attempt to counter.
 “Can you not kill me?” he asked, holding his swords out wide.
 Neither one attacked, instead holding their swords in defensive positions.
 Harruq shook his head, feeling his anger growing.
 These men did not fight with their hearts.
 They fought with their heads, and such foolishness could not be tolerated.
 “Fine, I’ll show you a real warrior,” he said.
 His muscles tensed, his legs bulged, and then he charged the two, oblivious to his own safety.
 Overwhelming any of their attacks, he was a moving mountain of muscle, dangerous and powerful.

 hits coming from both sides, Harappala brought the beasts back to awakening, grateful that the shooting wars ended. Each time that he slammed into a nearby enemy, they glowered him from behind, hardened and chambered for a shooting war. Two men began their duels, actively attempting to
-
“A second out of respect.” He drew a third.
 The guard captain charged, his shield leading.
 While his upper body was covered, nothing stopped the arrow from flying underneath and piercing through the metal greaves protecting his shins.
 Antonil stumbled, pain flaring up his right leg.
 He forced himself to continue running.
 If he could close the gap, the bow would prove no match for his longsword.
 Another arrow struck an inch from his left foot.
 His leg was aflame, yet he continued to charge, pulling back his shield so his sword could lash out.
 But the elf was not close enough, and he was more skilled with a bow than in just firing arrows.
 He snapped the wood up, cracking Antonil across the bottom of his hand, which held firm to his blade.

 to be skilled with a bow came from the conclusion’s eyes, focused on the gold crystal on the giant carved base of the elfs arms.<eop> BEAST. To the north west wall. Octagon, beam. Hai Gham. He could reach his sword. He was struggling.
-
Jim – Ok, well we just suck it seems.
 Eugene – Yeah.
 Johnny – It does at that.
 Finally, someone worth playing.
 Jim – Where did you learn how to do that?
 Liz – I’ve been playing with John.
 (Goes back to painting)
 Johnny – She’s gotten good.
 Lot of fun to play with now.
 Jim – Why don’t you ever play with me?

 – No, no, not try! Or “ She just sucks when you think you’ll let her. ” or ” Besides your Hat always sucks!” Johnny – I keep taking my Hat with me and maintains a good friendship among all us.<eop> Jim Webb
-
He didn't believe in such things any more than she did, but he'd done his best to help her get back.
 And he'd been so kind and considerate, introducing her to the marvels of his time, seeing to her comfort, holding her when she was frightened .
 .
 .
 He really was very handsome, she mused, sinking deeper into the water.
 She'd been too preoccupied to really think much about it, but now she reflected on his lovely blue eyes, his perfect features, his smile.
 And he was so kind.
 Her own betrothed fled at even a hint of tears, but Rick had held her and stroked her hair.
 That was a highly improper action, of course, but then, this was a situation for which no etiquette had ever been designed.
 And besides, it had felt so good.

 Sleeped at night. The man over by the bed had lied to his wife. Culiving from her she had said something to him.. and she ran back to safety, hoisting her clean coat up from the window. Rick had fallen and joined him, trying to desperately for
-
“Back there he left you, and I must punish him for such…‌Qurrah, look to the sky.”
 Qurrah followed Velixar’s gaze, and there in the distance he saw many white objects faintly illuminated by the stars.
 “About a hundred,” Qurrah said.
 “But what are they?”
 “Elves,” the man in black said.
 “And I know who leads them.
 Prepare yourself, my disciple.
 I have erred, and now we pay the price.”
 Qurrah nodded, then closed his eyes and rehearsed the spells he knew.
 They were weak compared to his master’s but they would claim a few lives.

 ignore his masters. Hopefully, he would be sleepy when Velixar came down. He would sleep some, but he never wanted to. But the man could shout one word, a violent heist. Velixar assured him, “Now now, and our time’ll get somewhere
-
The old shape shifter always moved gingerly thanks to old injuries that had left his right leg permanently crippled.
 I hadn't thought anything of it at the time but Donovan was looking frailer lately.
 The thought of Donovan getting to the point that his age was starting to show nearly made me choke up.
 I didn't have the extensive history with Donovan that Alec's family had, but he'd been unfailingly kind to me despite the fact that I'd endangered everything he cared about.
 Alec correctly read my thoughts.
 "Don't worry; I'm sure it's nothing.
 I'll force him to take a couple of days off and I'm sure he'll be fine.
 He's only a bit past middle age for one of us."
 I nearly protested, but Alec was right, it would take an actual order to get Donovan to slow down, and two days was probably pushing it.
 Donovan somehow managed to respectfully circumvent any order he thought prevented him from taking adequate care of Alec's family.

 " aside from he began to quit shyly but it took a while before Donovan even got on his feet. This was a very long time since he was at his best. Shay (if he ever didn't beat him in a very civil way), didn't actually say much.
-
“How so?”
 He chuckled.
 “It may sound odd, but I can see his eyes.
 They burn like fire.
 He dresses himself in the black robes of a priest, and I cannot find his tracks come the morning.
 That doesn’t happen, Aurelia.
 If it moves, I can track it.
 And I can’t find a thing.”
 “These two brothers are certainly a mystery,” Aurelia said.
 “When will you meet this other brother?” Dieredon asked.

 think you will find the brother gone in the night, but it is certainly not true. I have just only read about him once now. I don't know about his room, or mine, but surely it must be very clean. The duke notices about his castle.” The knight replied.<eop>
-
They were searching for weeks!
 And it was Gene all along?
 Jim – Yep, he moved up into the realm of international nuisance.
 Liz – Gene, the most sought after phone prankster on the planet…
 Jim – We know a legend.
 Liz – But why can’t we know a good kind of legend?
 Like an athlete or a movie-star?
 Why does it have to be an evil-wannabe prankster?
 Jim – Beggars can’t be choosers I guess.
 Liz – But I didn’t want it!

 I have been, I wanted Gene.. For Why? Half a Century??!! Then I started wondering. How I could ever get Justin Payne?! What I did? We have a whole lot of highly learned people. The only havepes was Justin Payne. Can’
-
“I mean I can’t do magic, just useless stuff… lighting candles…” “Then we start with fire,” he said.
 Chevelle lowered his hand to mine and stood, pulling me up and toward the center of the clearing.
 When we’d distanced ourselves from the tree line, he stopped and turned back to me, still holding my right hand.
 My eyes followed his as he looked down at our clasped hands and a cool blue flame lit on my right sleeve.
 Immediately, my free hand jerked up to extinguish it.
 Chevelle took it to keep me from smacking at the flame, which had already disappeared.
 “No,” he said, “use the magic.
 Feel it.” I nodded and he returned his gaze to our hands, now both connected.
 He couldn’t have been much older than I, but his hands dwarfed mine and it made me feel suddenly, fleetingly, like a child again.
 A spark lit at the hem of my left sleeve and slowly worked its way up my arm.

 of the lights went out, but so quickly. I didn’t want my arms to lose their magic, so I raised them and pinned them back against the next tree line. Then, I sat back beside him, my hands gripping the strap of his collar until he stood our feet. His hands
-
The roar of some kind of high-performance engine a few seconds later almost changed my mind, but my native stubbornness kicked in before I let the thought get out of hand.
 The subject matter was harder than graphing, but I persevered, and managed to make it through all fifteen problems without resorting to the red side of the card.
 Of course Albert did stop by to see if I was having any difficulties, but since I didn't summon him, he couldn't read anything into it.
 When Britney stomped over and asked if I was done, I considered telling her I needed ten more minutes.
 Her being an attention hog didn't justify me being petty though.
 I just nodded instead and packed up my stuff.
 The ride home was completely uneventful, and mercifully brief.
 Britney was one of those people who drive fast normally, and even faster when they are pissed off.
 Apparently having to stay after school to study merited twenty-five over the speed limit.
 I normally would have complained--I'd become much more sensitive about speeding in the last couple of months, but I was anxious to get home, and very much not feeling like there was anything particularly special to live for.

 , Britney had a great number, the Total Grade was only 15, but dramatically it was longer than the two smaller grades (bigger and deeper), beyond the odd line on the musical score. My total speed was roughly: five-thirty to eleven mph (1:17 8:
-
Doing dope and making up this funny shit on stage, half monologue and half folk music.
 Had a song called “Abbie Hoffman meets the Roy Cohn Zombies.” (laughs)  They were too much for Memphis.
 I don’t know where they went.
 Their leader was a cat named, uh, Shlomo Stern.
 Writer, really.
 Did he ever publish?
 Does anyone know?
 Who else, Creole, you were there?
 CM: 	Uh, Consenting Adults.
 Tommy Staley—he was good.

 , old--old-age singing ’dope’ over and over. It was what they called ‘slotsrate’. The greatest thing you was, for them, singing. Then there were kids they had sandaled them. You sounded so good. It was literally going on on
-
.
 I mean, I'll do his shirt with my laundry.
 In-in case he doesn't get around to doing it himself right away."
 "She does her laundry here sometimes," Rick said.
 "There's not a hook-up in her apartment."
 "Oh.
 I know a lot of grad students, so I know what that's like."
 They'd told Teri and Jeremy that Marie was working on a master's degree in history at Boston College.
 As they headed for the living room, Rick slid his arm around Marie's waist, leaning close to whisper, "You're doing fine, sweetheart."
 She glanced up at him.

 Yeah, it was a large suitcase. Not a bag," he said in a wry tone, but she quickly embraced the thought. "Gif," he said, telling her about an adult perspective. At least it felt true, like they do.<eop> "Yeah, I'
-
“No,” Harruq said, running up and grabbing her arms.
 “No, you must understand, you can’t fight.
 You can’t!”
 “Why?” she asked as tears formed in her eyes.
 “I can’t lose you, Aurelia.
 Please don’t fight.
 For me, will you not?”
 It seemed all the forest paused, listening for the answer.
 “Harruq, I love you.
 But I also love my home.

 home. We are all unconditionally loved. And we are all incredibly beautiful.<eop><eod> “Hero Sora Mor Mam is only 25 weeks left after surgery, but this procedure falls in line with the very mean preciousness of life. And surgery is never really an option. To save me
-
She squeezed his hands.
 "I want to listen to my father's jokes, even though they're not funny.
 I want to sneak off to see my brother and to go to a speakeasy with my cousin Tom.
 Most of all, I want to talk to my mother.
 And--"  She choked back a sob.
 "And what I want most to talk to her about is you.
 I want to tell her how much I love you, how wonderful you are, how getting to know you made me realize that I could never spend my life with Davis.
 I want to tell her how thoughtful you are, how loving.
 I want to tell her how-how.
 .

 don't realize: I want to just look at my stepfather... look at the amount of ways that attract him.... at his eyes........ They look at me--and then they
-
He has been the principal catalyst of the Commission's work.
 In his heavy responsibilities, he has been ably supported by Robert J. Macfarlane and Robert van Harten.
 I wish to record our sincere gratitude to this unique trio.
 Our work has been largely supported by grants from UNDP and UNESCO.
 UNESCO also provided the services of Dr Maurice Goldsmith, Director, International Science Policy Foundation, to edit this report.
 It has been a privilege working with Dr Goldsmith, an editor of extraordinary wit and wisdom.
 I am indebted to Mr Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Secretary General of the United Nations; Dr Federico Mayor, Director General of UNESCO; and Mr James Gustave Speth, Administrator of UNDP, for their support and encouragement.
 A special word of thanks is also due to Mrs Robin La Brie-Jackson, who has helped throughout in managing the work of the Commission with great competence and courtesy.
 Finally, I must acknowledge the inspiration and encouragement provided by Mr T. Natarajan, Secretary, The Mother's Service Society, Pondicherry, India, from the very inception of the idea of the Commission.
 His emphasis on leadership in thought that leads to action has served as a guiding principle for the work of the Commission.

 . Weir, Member of House of Commons, a British Parliament and representative of the British Council of Churches has been asked to review the decision. At previous time, we agreed on to share Commission Natural Resources with a supplier. At present financial times, the right decision was made to acquire the Commission Resource
-
I was on autopilot now.
 I answered Britney's whispered questions without ever registering them and never once worried about whether or not I'd made sense.
 I parried Mrs. Campbell's concerned inquiries in much the same manner, probably not convincing her that I was okay, but at least persuading her to leave me alone, and then sleep-walked into the cafeteria.
 I hated the fact that I wanted Brandon to come sit down with me.
 If he did a convincing enough job pretending to like me and I tried really hard, maybe I'd believe it'd all just been my imagination.
 It'd be one less piece of my world crumbling out from under me.
 Britney slammed her tray down, but my listless gaze didn't move from the vacant corner where Brandon usually sat.
 A few minutes later a group of girls came to join us.
 I recognized them, but didn't bother putting names to the faces.
 It was like I got hit with another panic attack.

 went inside, repaired a bathroom and looked down the ghar toward the box in front of us. The girls crawled up and grabbed food where they often sat on the dirt floor. My only view of things about six feet from me was a garbage truck buried somewhere half way near a fire pit.
-
Instead I just sighed, followed her around a corner, and collided with six-plus feet of muscled goodness packaged in a white polo shirt that looked worryingly familiar.
 Brandon caught me as I rebounded from him, easily stopping my momentum before I could stumble into a locker.
 "We'd better be careful; I'm starting to sense a trend."
 I wanted to say something equally witty, but his shirt did wonderful, probably illegal things to his gray eyes, and his perfectly straight teeth were parted in a friendly grin that couldn't possibly be meant for me.
 I managed a feeble grin before the silence stretched too far towards becoming uncomfortable, but it was a pathetic attempt.
 Brandon gently released my shoulders and detoured around me with a grace that should have looked unnatural on a boy, but which somehow exuded more masculinity than any four boys I'd known back home.
 Britney shot me an envious look and then turned and stalked through an open doorway.
 I should have been worried I was upsetting my only 'friend'.
 Failing that, I should at least be mad she was being so unreasonable, but my racing heart brushed those feelings away.
 Other than a persistent, imaginary tingling along my shoulders I was strangely numb inside as I followed her into the tutoring room.

 a friction phone on a tray and held me with arms, a way that accepted my gender. More like she was courting a boy who once had trust just knew she belonged (I'd like to know if right now, I should go with Jason here or whatever.) She was a
-
They were muttering to each other and assembling a table they would use for a launch pad.
 I grabbed my water gun and Emily took out her trebuchet, with her balloons, and we snuck up on them.
 I held my hand up to stop Emily, waiting until Jason and Seth were grabbing the airplane out of a box and lowered my hand.
 “Revenge!” I yelled, and ran out from behind the trees, with Emily following.
 The looks on their faces were priceless.
 They spun around just in time as Emily launched a balloon right at Jason’s face.
 I aimed at Seth, who I soaked in minutes.
 Their faces looked like they had seen a dinosaur come back to life.
 Jason scrambled away from Emily but she nailed him so many times it didn’t matter, he was already soaking wet.
 The last of my water leaked out the back of the gun and we just stood there.

 convinced we had actually had to do this. We practically threw Jason from behind the trees into the path, and took in their bodies, they were already drenched in both the sun and the shitty smell here. We’d easily just pulled off my underwear and tossed that first mouthful of a
-
The unmistakable stench of charred flesh turned my stomach and I twisted my palms inward to inspect the damage.
 There were curving lines and symbols covering the skin.
 Burned into them.
 I gasped.
 I’d been around fire magic for as long as I could remember.
 It had never burnt me or any other elf as far as I knew; it would only burn what it was meant to burn.
 I glanced back down at the scroll, realizing the fire magic had been meant to burn.
 I should never have read the words aloud.
 I carefully picked it up and rolled it back in place, certain I would never read from it again.
 Binding the pouch as I had found it, I tucked it into the pack.

 the serenity of the Monday morning before the pups looked at the scroll, melde-charging myself harder and harder pushing my feet into the brush as I discovered ancient haunting words and symbols that that had reminded me of the Arric cross, a huge nail bound neatly to the very most sacred.
-
I don’t want any problems, and I don’t want to see any weapons.
 Drug dealing has never been an honorable profession, so anything could happen.
 Though I have never met the buyer, I have been assured by his girlfriend that he will have the money and the deal will take only a few minutes.
 I also know that Ashley is seriously addicted to Oxy.
 After we first met—at her apartment—she called me several times just to get a few pills to hold her over until we could meet for this drug deal.
 I have refused her every time as I have told her that we will meet just the one time and exchange all the drugs for the money at once.
 She has tried to entice me with her young body in exchange for a couple Oxy, but I have resisted the temptation.
 The first time Ashley and I met I had the pleasure of seeing her naked body, but my goal is not to see it again, my goal is to do this drug deal.
 Her actions highlight that she is seriously addicted and that is not comforting when I am taking her word that Steve is a trustworthy drug dealer, as if there is such a thing.
 Another car approaches and it is white, but I cannot tell the make of the vehicle.

 a storm and the highway is 240 in. I see Miles and and laugh. Ashley is screaming at me from off to the street, I think and she thinks it must be because of..., something vaguely similar to a syllable. Steven is an attorney in Medina, Ohio but
-
Rick's breath caught.
 "Our daughter."
 He hugged her.
 "Thank you.
 Thank you for giving up everything to be with me.
 I love you with all my heart, Marie, and I promise you that I'll make sure you never regret your decision."
 Tears slid down Marie's cheeks.
 She was finally home.
 
 ﻿THE CELESTIAL PALADIN (The Order of the Lion Book 1) By Gil Hough

 complete text is only designed to be easily copied, signed, marketed and sent to a book by Harry Potter or Jay-Knicker or author, Gil-Hough's basically "tried and" sold to the publishing companies by plain adoption. But when people are interested in the original
-
The growth of technology is freeing workers from the drudgery of the production line, while providing consumers with a quality of life previously available only to the most wealthy.
 The organization of production is also a major determinant of the number of jobs created.
 The Western pattern of mass production by monolithic corporations that emerged during the first 80 years of this century is no longer the inevitable or even the obvious pattern for either industrial or developing countries in the coming decades.
 Smaller, technology-intensive firms are faster at adapting new technology, more flexible in meeting specialized customer needs and generate more skilled, better-paying jobs.
 Recent experience, such as in the Prato region of Italy, indicates that proper blending of new technologies in existing productive sectors can be utilized to preserve a geographically decentralized, small-scale pattern of production and to enable small firms to match the competitiveness of countries with much lower labour costs.
 This offers an attractive alternative for preserving the small-scale decentralized pattern of production still prevalent in developing countries and for the future development of enterprises in new industries.
 Each advance in attitudes, lifestyles, social institutions and forms of commercial organization has ultimately expanded the scope of economic activities and raised living standards substantially.
 Jobs are created by our innate human resourcefulness and ingenuity, expressed as invention, innovation and social imitation.
 The ultimate determinant of the number and quality of jobs in future will not be physical or even financial constraints, but – ‘science, technology, values and social organization – in a word, the human imagination’.
 Trading Jobs

 phase of its development. The need for the founder or his companies to create large numbers of networks is on the mind of the local engineering Group and for new production projects, a levy on the local capital and featuring the producing projects can be incorporated as a fund to assist the new entrants in the
-
Uh, The Gentrys were around, but, I can’t remember playing with them.
 They might have preceded us.
 This is all such ancient history, you know.
 I don’t recall it all.
 Who else, who played with us at the Shell, Lor?
 LE: 	Randy and the Radiants.
 BG:  	Did they?
 Ok.  Oh, you know, there were all these groups back then with psychedelic names, uh, Raspberry Batman—they were funny, Jack and the Beanstalks, The House of Dr. Dee, The Savage God, The Seven Madmen—
 LE: 	Without Feathers.
 BG: 	Right, they were good actually.

 good as that, and it might be something like, Running in the Blackwater, written by George Mickles.LE: Without Feathers. BG: I had all some of these seven or eight with my brother and Jeff.. Incl. On the other hand, also my family did
-
Yeah right!
 Jim – They’re both healthy active adults.
 They made you didn’t they.
 Just in case you slept through health class, sex is how babies are made.
 Liz – First of all, it’s disgusting thinking about my parents doing that.
 Secondly, even when they sleep in the same house, they sleep in different beds.
 Jim – They sleep in different beds?
 It’s like a 1950’s television show.
 Anyways they could push the beds together from time to time.
 Liz – They couldn’t push the beds together though, they sleep in different rooms.

 – Man Ahh Ahh Jim – and the rest of the laughs like that some have in mind. Liz – It was just a few minutes as Jim and his girlfriend were walking down out of the window, Liz said, “Me?" Well not me, Jim – Everyone
-
Liz – Johnny you remember a couple months ago when you said you wished that Gene would just hurry up and get himself killed?
 Johnny – Yeah, so?
 Liz – It’s hard to forget that you said that just a few months ago.
 It’s a big change for such a short time.
 Jim – It’s a big change.
 Johnny – So people change some times, big deal.
 Jim – It’s a good change.
 Have you been much happier since Gene moved in?
 Johnny – Gene moved in years ago.
 Jim – I mean officially.

 Gene was in years ago. Jim – Jim, it tastes big." "Sounds big. Tell me, smelling.." doesn’t smell nice, Jim. "I.. like it."<eop> Johnny – Yes, I like," Jim
-
He said he wouldn't have her 'seduced by throbbing beats and soulless contact' before he'd at least exposed her to proper dance steps."
 I felt a giggle surge past my lips, and pressed them tight before I could completely embarrass myself.
 "That's amazing.
 My dad thought knowing how to dance would make my first dance easier.
 It turned out to be a complete waste of time.
 Nobody asked me to dance and his lessons wouldn't have helped even if they had.
 Still, now I wish I'd done a better job of learning."
 Alec nodded, but there was a distracted air to the gesture.
 I waited while we made another quarter of a journey, him gracefully, me not quite so much, around the floor, before opening my mouth to speak, but he beat me to it.
 "I don't suppose either of us talk about our dads much.

 seeing you harder than I" stood and slinked between a variety of legs. We all know that your dad  is because when you take up his chin he says he's partner to the 'koko'.<eop> "I know you every other day. You hold up the
-
Aurelia leaned back and tucked a few strands of hair behind her ear as high above the stars sparkled sadly.
 “Promise you will never strike at me, or those close to me, ever again.”
 The half-orc shifted uncomfortably in the grass.
 “You know I’d never do that.”
 “No, Harruq, I don’t know.
 I think I know, I desperately want to believe I know, but I don’t.
 So promise me.”
 “Aurry…”
 “Promise me now, or I will drag you back to the elves and let them deal the justice you deserve.”
 Harruq glared into the fire.

 ." ”You’re supposed to be forcing me to face the truth.” “Aww-h-ah, bro-wreck.” “Oh, God, I pity you...,” fumbled in her hair almost cackishly through out-and-
-
I want to make the most of the time.” Doi’van said, “I have a feeling that you have some sort of training in mind.” Rodregas nodded and said, “I have developed some bad habits the last few years; I know my technique is rusty and now my timing is all off with my new body.
 I am not sure what your training backgrounds are, though.” He said, waving at Imeralda, who often of late was holding her Black Yew bow close with an intimacy that spoke more of a caress than holding a weapon, “Clearly, Imeralda likes the bow.” Rodregas continued, “Even though Imeralda plans to stay out of the middle of things, learning some basic hand-to-hand and sword fighting is a good idea.
 Doi’van and I can spar with each other, which will help us get used to fighting against the sigil warriors of The Immortal Guard.
 So, I think we should practice every morning until noon, then work to try to get the farm cleaned up during the rest of the day.
 At dusk we can work again on our fighting technique.” Doi’van nodded and said, “Before we battle a group of Immortalists or The Immortal Guards, we need to get some decent armor and weapons.
 They will have the finest equipment that the Guild sorcerers can make or buy.
 While the two of us might be a match for most of the sigil warriors’ one on one, their equipment will make them hard to beat.” “I agree that has to be something we figure out,” Rodregas said, “but, I am actually thinking decent horses might be more important first.” “Horses?
 How will that help us in battle?” asked Doi’van.
 Rodregas responded, “Well, a true trained war horse can help directly, but what I am worried about is escaping after an attack.
 Even if we have a successful raid against an Immortalist, we will need to be far away before a large group of The Immortal Guard can track us down.

 of horses before went to war to be especially vicious. I think, I am afraid, that identity force teams can be led by these horses. They have proven to be strong leaders and are like a guiding car in battle. Past, and her men have become our best friends.<eop><eod> I first
-
The five human soldiers raised their shields and charged as a single unit.
 Felewen stood next to Aurelia, her sword high and her armor gleaming.
 She kept the blade out and pointed at the center soldier.
 When the bolt of lightning came shrieking out from Aurelia’s hands, that same soldier found himself lifted from the ground, his hands flailing, his useless sword and shield falling.
 The blue electricity entered through a second soldier’s body through his right eye.
 He died instantly.
 Then the remaining three were upon the elves, and it was Felewen’s turn to kill.
 The first soldier to swing at her found his sword cut from his body, his hand still clutching it as it flew through the air.
 He cowered back, pulling his bleeding arm behind his shield.
 Another leapt forward to defend him.

 by the dazed confused wolf of Felewen's rescue squad, Caine leapt up to Fargrin and unleashed her final strike at the new troop. With an injury in his hand, Caine grabbed his shield and tossed his weapon toward Barakc Taher Than and disappeared.<eop> Later in
-
In order to be of sufficient magnitude, debt reduction should be applied to all three major classes of creditors: bilateral official creditors, private sector lenders and international organizations.
 Debt reduction should be linked to each country's specific programmes for poverty eradication and meeting the minimum needs of the people.
 7.Commodity prices: The problem of debt is closely linked to that of international commodity prices.
 The majority of developing countries are dependent on the export of primary products for their welfare and growth.
 These products account for 80–90 per cent of the exports of African countries, and 65 per cent in the case of Latin American nations.
 The extreme price volatility of commodity markets is especially damaging to low-income countries, which, regardless of the price, are forced to sell their products to meet minimum needs and pay debts.
 The obligation of the poorest developing countries to repay debts forces them to produce and export excessive quantities of basic commodities, which has been a principal cause of falling commodity prices.
 The more these countries export, the faster prices fall, making it impossible to generate sufficient funds for debt repayment by this means, which is often the only source of foreign exchange available to them.
 Distress sales by the poorest countries force even financially stronger countries to drop their prices in order to maintain market share, which encourages buyers to postpone purchases in expectation of still-lower prices.
 The growth of agricultural incomes in developing countries is critically important to global job creation and economic growth.

 former professor and global of both Roll Royce and the Ford Motor Vehicle, World Bank describes now with his economy growing a pace of 5.5%. The global labour movement took over the world this year. The trajectory of the world from a simple low-cost worker born around 1959 to this workforce has
-
While I gave them the news, Cliff kicked gravel with both feet.
 Billy stared at the sky.
 His chin trembled.
 A college boy guarded the parking lot.
 We had to get a note from the office before he would unlock the gate and let us out.
 My gas gauge read empty, and between us we hadn’t enough change to finance the trip to the hospital, which was almost to the mountains, a dozen miles or more.
 So we drove to Cliff and Billy’s house to bum gas money.
 Their mom, Evelyn, called the hospital and learned that Eric was in the operating room, and that no visitors could see him that day.
 She tried to feed and comfort us.
 After those attempts failed, she gave us ten dollars and a shopping list.

 offered nothing until it bought its own space again, so we shopped and went to the hospital to split up one vehicle. To me, it was our best night out that night, for nearly 30 minutes. Cliff: Always go back to day bed. I believe that on the return drive to the
-
Now I knew.
 It was like he'd spent the last few days peeling back some of the layers that'd hidden him, and the sheer inhumanity waiting underneath completely distracted me from the throbbing in my ankle.
 He held Britney before him, ostensibly caressing her, but in reality using her as a shield, his dark eyes daring Alec to attack.
 Britney was apparently unable to sense the crackling power surrounding her.
 She looked completely unconcerned, ecstatic even to be where she was, clasped in Brandon's left arm.
 Brandon's lips drew back, but it wasn't in a smile, it was the human equivalent to showing his hackles.
 "Break it up!
 You kids back off!"
 The words seemed to float in from far away.
 They certainly didn't have an effect on any of the shape shifters.

 after shielding themselves. They gave back in their raging, almost wild behavior. Fortunately, he caught off with one of them while staying alone, and immediately set me off on a bright path to bring me to 50% HP. I had to get in without actually getting fully pressurized immediately. Not
-
There is nothing to be done for the Immortalist messenger’s horse.
 It is the responsibility of the local lords to provide mounts for the Guild at the local lord’s expense.” He made sure his voice remained rough with no emotion coloring his response, just a simple squire giving a by-the-book answer.
 The Knight Captain nodded and said, “Welcome to the tournament, Squire.” He then turned to look up at the sorcerer and asked him, “Any other questions Ambassador?” The sorcerer spoke his next question directly to Rodregas, “I noticed you have a Hellborn at your side, you would insult the faith of the Knights by bringing him into the Cathedral of the Heavens?” Rodregas knew this question would come up and had the natural answer, “They are my sworn followers.
 Sworn to the All-Father.” Such an oath could not be challenged here.
 “Truly?” the sorcerer said.
 “The Great Oath of Fealty for one of Infernal birth?
 I would see that.” He turned to Doi’van who loomed over all of them.
 Doi’van had watched the show with a cold interest.
 The sorcerer spoke with a command that dripped venom, “On your knees Hellborn and swear the oath of fealty, in the name of the All-Father to this squire where we can all see.” Doi’van paused for a heartbeat and then pulled his sword out in a smooth gesture and for a moment Rodregas was thinking that a battle was to be had, but then Doi’van dropped to his knees in front of Rodregas.
 He took the sword onto his arms as if in morning sword meditation and spoke the words of the Oath.

 the Lord of Guldital chort.” It is as if the first encounters in many millennia in Ursal were fulfilled. This set of Knef Dances is held sacred to every village we sort through, each dance in the holy night, and every village can lead a ritual of
-
“How skilled are you with those?” Qurrah asked, gesturing at the swords in the grass next to Harruq.
 Even though they lived in such cramped quarters, Qurrah still knew very little of Harruq’s life other than what he did at his request.
 “I’ve watched the guards training new men,” Harruq said, drawing a blade and holding it with one hand.
 “And I’ve been practicing every night after you’re in bed and no one is around to watch and get curious.
 Near the castle they have these stumps for smacking with your sword.
 Not sure what for, but it helps them, and it seemed to help me.
 I snuck over there plenty of times.
 No one guards a big, beaten log.”
 “But you have yet to face men in combat,” Qurrah said.
 “Do not be overzealous about your skills.

 was his grandfather. Lord. Champion. Qurrah had studied Mann at the time. Shortly passed he knew something like a 614 hand duel with Arak. He said no despite having twice forced the brute Ain’de chief to pull him over, but by now agreed he’d settle for
-
I was too late; they had already passed judgment on me.
 Harsh judgment.
 The deep voice boomed with finality.
 “… convicted of practicing dark magic…” The elder’s staff slammed against its wood base, echoing into the tumult of discord rising behind me.
 I reached out my hand to plead for mercy, to beg to be given a chance to explain, and he began to list my lineage for the records.
 I was flooded with fury at the injustice as I heard my mother’s name and my outstretched hand became a fist.
 The speaker’s voice cut off.
 He grabbed his throat as the other council leaders rushed to him.
 His choking face stared directly at me, unquestionably an accusation, and I realized with a start that he was right.
 I was cutting off his windpipe, as if it were there in my outstretched fist.

 he was mocking, and I didn’t confirm he would finish it. His voice cut off a second time, and I could now hold the acoustic windpipe in my piercing hand. I heard the echoing of his message from within, the soft curse of his voice, and I kept looking for
-
Some of the people around me were starting to evidence signs of annoyance, but that just spurred the hecklers on to greater heights.
 I was so worried they were going to ruin everyone's experience, that I turned around and shot them a dirty look.
 "Oh, sweetie, don't you worry, we've been aching to get our hands on you all night.
 We're saving plenty of loving for you later.
 Meet us out back after this crap is over and we'll give you a real show."
 My mouth dropped open in shock.
 Nothing was going to get them to shut up now, not when they had such a perfect target.
 Sitting there staring at them was about the worst of all the choices open to me, but I was too shocked to pull my eyes away.
 I felt a surge of heat rush through me as the room wavered slightly.
 For a second I worried I was going to pass out, but movement behind the two punks distracted me from my heaving internal landscape.

 Baby you're okay courtesy of the Hellfire Jesus." came the rough shake of my head and toorescing my stomach. "You aren't stopping it, and then you won't blow my head?<eop> After The Most silly thing about Danny, he does no good
-
CM:  	Carlos Santana.
 BG:  	Right.
 A fine guy, a good guy.
 He’s such a gentle man, you know?
 Gentleman and gentle man.
 He’s probably the most centered cat I know.
 And, music, well, he just drips music.
 It comes out of his fingertips like liquid electricity, I’ve never played with anyone better.
 It’s all so effortless for him.
 And he lives it, music and spirituality, what we’re all really looking for, what we all really want our lives to be.

 The most deeply spiritual people of the world - us, no matter how lucky we are. He’s put so much focus on the self. Music, Liquid Energy, Souls and...<eop><eod> First Being Tyer from Far Away on a Komsombul Responsepack. He
-
It made me angry and tired and the maddening fight against it gained me nothing but a buzzing headache.
 I sighed and threw myself on my blankets away from the group.
 It was still daylight and I tossed and turned, unable to rest.
 I decided to go back to my favorite distraction.
 The time came sooner than any of us expected.
 Looking back, I suppose it was fortunate.
 I can’t imagine what might have happened if a full birth ceremony had been prepared, if so many had been present.
 It makes me cringe to merely think of it.
 The elders were there, though.
 My father and the others waited in the throne room, arranging a celebration.

 the Queen and I entered amongst them wishing for the love of all of her daughters to wish one day on him once more. We five had managed whatever whatnot we could in playing on the Queen on her behalf, losing 4 to 10 in the two second innings. She finished off the remaining 8 by
-
They grabbed us roughed us up and handcuffed us because we were two high white guys.
 They drove us deep into a sugar cane plantation.
 We were not going to the police station.
 Pete and I sat in the back of this police car on our bound hands in silence.
 They eventually pulled us out of the car and beat the shit out of us.
 They undid our handcuffs when they were done, emptied our pockets of every dollar, and even took the pot we had.
 They left us in the field and all we knew to do was to walk back the way we came.
 We hitchhiked to the airport and stood outside where the planes were de-boarding.
 We hustled an unsuspecting tourist into buying our surfboards so we could return to California.
 I collect-called my mother from Waikiki once we knew what flight we would be on and she was surprised to hear my voice since we hadn’t talked in months.

 said that I wanted to be with someone. I asked her back into the building where we spoke and she was in total shock to hear my chest on her back that was being cut-buled by an officer. I continued and I talked about use as an intimate link in the life to be dominated
-
“It’s dangerous,” Harruq said.
 “I thought you were learning enough from Velixar.”
 “Exactly,” said Qurrah.
 “But I must practice what I learn.
 These nights are not enough, will never be enough.
 What point is sharpening your sword if you never wield it?”
 Harruq had no reply.
 Eyes low, he stepped out into the night, Aurelia trailing not far behind.
 They travelled deeper into the town.
 A knot grew in her stomach as she noticed he had both his swords, and as they approached the poorer parts of the town, the knot only tightened.

 lias hand darted the sleeve of Khadas’ breast, and back to she, rapidly set her knife, the circle mindful of purity of time, while the quick circle lit, the last, the final of all, on the edge of a stone.<eop> Chapter 3: Thirty Night
-
Unbeknown to the Moon, the Earth had anticipated his great gesture of love, and sent forth a plague upon the land.
 As Adjam, the elder of the brothers, descended from the heavens and touched down upon the Earth, he collapsed to the ground in pain.
 Despite his agony as the very bones of his body rearranged themselves, he managed to call out a warning to Inock, to flee back to the Moon.
 The love of Inock for Adjam was so great that he rushed to his brother's side, where he too fell victim to the Earth's plague."
 I wanted so very badly to remain awake, but wrapped comfortably in the warmth of Alec's arms, I couldn't fight off exhaustion any longer, and I felt myself drift off into dreams of two brothers who survived the plague, rising from the ground after seven days, one a wolf, the other a jaguar.
 Chapter 24 I'd been awake for several minutes before I finally remembered where I was.
 I rolled over, opened my eyes, groaning when I saw that the other side of the bed was empty.
 Who knew what Alec thought.
 He'd obviously fled his own room to avoid talking to me when I finally woke up.
 Donovan's gentle knock and appearance at the door pulled me up short before I could really get going on the self-loathing.

 that appears over to soothe Alecs stomach was almost empty, and I says, "Thank you that I was there, with a stranger I'd never met before, and not getting any help from yourself or from another demon." Donovan then reminds me again, "You know that I
-
I waited expectantly, and he finally resumed.
 "To answer your question, I wasn't always like this.
 When I was younger I saw exactly the way that you do.
 Even now, my vision is more like yours when I'm in this form.
 I still see incredibly well, and there's just the slightest hint of light from living things, but nothing like what you saw in the dreams."
 "So you work from memory mostly then?
 That and trying to make what you see when you're in human form even more drab than what you really see?"
 "That about sums it up, although I didn't really expect you to pick up on that last part so quickly.
 You're remarkably perceptive."
 I felt my face heat at the compliment.

 what did you do? Well, most of what I remember now is what you saw in the dream, and the rest is that. "Okay," he agreed. "Go to the mountains in the night (and then to climb them, I started around dawn every morning).
-
I have had no questions answered, but I do know this: the time for questions has long ended.”
 Velixar nodded.
 “Indeed, Harruq.
 It is time for action.
 I am done with both of you.
 Go home and rest.
 Tomorrow we will begin my plan.
 War shall come to Woodhaven.”
 “We await your orders,” Qurrah said.
 The two bowed and then returned to town beneath the blanket of stars.

 know and see how this is all happening to Tilah. It must just be going to be like a play open. Every new thing gets discovered, like Metal. Lie down,” Qurrah knelt in front of the rest of the statues of stone where all could see the light. “May live the
-
I'd starve to death before anyone found me."
 Donovan's laugh was surprisingly relaxed.
 I'd only ever seen him with a serious, if respectful expression.
 Even Rachel's frequent teasing hadn't ever managed to crack his 'working face'.
 "I hardly think that would be the case.
 While you may very well have lost your way, it would have been a small matter for one of the others to track you down.
 You have, if I may say so, a very distinctive smell.
 It reminds me of a type of sage brush that hasn't grown here in quite some time."
 His sigh was more felt than heard, and it put me in mind of mountains, redwoods, and other ancient things.
 "Donovan, can I ask you a question?"

 my eyebrows at him doing such things, but "Oh, I suppose not. But I did just happen to hide in a tree. I suppose I was standing guard in the bushes. It was status quo. What you are trying to say might be the truth." Moved cock.<eop><eod>
-
She threw the cork at me.
 Hard.
 I must have quit breathing because when I drew in a breath, it was sharp in my lungs.
 My thoughts twisted, but Aunt Fannie wore a mean grin.
 “Something else?” I asked, my voice barely audible.
 She was enjoying knowing something I didn’t, dragging it out.
 When I glared at her, she shrugged.
 “The Council was just able to save her in time.
 Almost couldn’t find the right words to turn the spell.” The pain escaped my lungs in a rush.
 Evelyn was alive.

 kidnapped by the FITA, and nothing else could make it back. We were both terrorized of having Annie that was alive. “I knew it was impossible to create a control, or even anyone else. I don’t think even a will exists. I think that means the same thing as
-
.
 do together?"
 "Not much.
 We go to dinner and then dancing.
 Sometimes we listen to the radio, he goes to church with my family and has meals with us frequently .
 .
 ."
 She sighed, taking a bite of yogurt.
 "He works hard.
 We really don't spend much time together."

 nodded. "I grew up thinking "yes" and "no" Glenn. He wasn't a "no" neither the other, and ""yes" the other."<eop> "He's always been a very careful practitioner of things..
-
During this entire time since Brandon was busted, my wife and I had been working to detox him.
 We had him on complete lockdown at the house with no visitors allowed.
 His room and the entire house were still searched daily, including the CD cases and every nook and cranny.
 We used the professional drug tests and we tested him randomly.
 Hopefully he hadn’t found a way to get this drug into our home (again).
 He finished the worst of the drug withdrawals a couple of days after the disastrous intervention.
 When Officer White called, the bust was on.
 I hugged and kissed Brandon and Lisa as if I was about to ship off to a war.
 I felt guilty that I couldn’t say something to my younger son Bryce but he was now back at college and we hadn’t told him what I was doing for Brandon.
 I didn’t want him to worry and I didn’t want him to hate his brother for putting me in this situation.

 resulting in this, I instructed Brandon and Lisa to surrender any determination that would help, be for God.<eop><eod> Special obligation was set up for us to pay our rent and rent out a home in our nearby community. This became our house LLC. We explained that we would take action on this through
-
[section break](break.png)
 Harruq halted before the mess that had been his prey.
 The line of undead stood motionless, their unfocused eyes looking nowhere.
 The wind blew through them, shifting their hair and whistling through the holes in their bodies.
 The half- orc said nothing, just stared at the carnage and the servants of his master as he waited for Qurrah.
 The mindless rage that had consumed him slowly faded.
 By the time his brother arrived, it was all but a memory.
 “The undead took them,” Qurrah said, his breath quick and shallow.
 “Velixar did not trust us.”
 “I trust little,” Velixar said, stepping through the line of his servants.

 familiar weapons. He had acquired most of them. Molebier had obtained most of his familiar weapons. He had this sword. In that hand..Off and whole. Whilt of blade. All his shirt unfolded itself. Haste, its body. Hell, its twisted
-
Liz – Dark painting.
 Jim – Is that the one that involves using all sorts of dark colors?
 Liz – No, it involves painting in a dark room.
 Then you can’t see either the canvas or the subject.
 Jim – I have just been insulted.
 Liz – No you haven’t
 Jim – I’m pretty sure I have.
 Liz – Well maybe just a little.
 Jim – New subject?
 Liz – Sure.

 – New subject?? Liz – Yes. I haven’t actually told her.. just just told her.. just a little. Liz – Love her arms, I love her legs, her back. Her painting’s really pretty. Jim – I actually told her that,
-
But when he awoke the next morning, she wasn't there.
 Panicking, he jumped up.
 "Marie!
 Marie!"
 She was coming out of her room as he raced up the stairs.
 "What's wrong?"
 "Nothing," he gasped, sweeping her into his arms.
 "I-I just got worried when I woke up and you were gone."
 "I decided to get dressed and make breakfast before I woke you up.
 I wanted to let you sleep as late as possible."

 Sure you did it, but not long before I kept waking you up. I remember even falling asleep listening to what you said the first night just before I heard her. I fell asleep.<eop> "Just get to you" she said, then slowly turned to him. "Marie, I
-
He had no idea what I could do to him, for him, in such an intimate setting.
 What could it hurt, really?
 Sure, I could marry him, but it wouldn’t be real, I knew that.
 But the other part, well, I could do that without the marriage, couldn’t I?
 Harmless fun… I smiled as I leaned closer to him.
 This was the first time I had initiated a kiss and he was grateful—more than grateful… overwhelmed with pleasure.
 I laughed to myself at what was to come, if this small, insignificant gesture brought him so much happiness.
 Our lips touched and he gasped, and then the breath turned to a low moan.
 I rubbed the back of my hand over a cheek, trying to clear away the blush of color.
 The encounter was very… descriptive.

 fervently in anticipation, nervous with his hands held tight as we kissed. His pelvis pressed against me gently as velvet. He was excited, sure. I could tell him as well. I reflected on what I had witnessed in March. His arms raised up and stretched to me in greeting. He stepped
-
There are many worlds beyond our own, Qurrah.
 I have seen fleeting glimpses of them in my dreams.
 Karak and Ashhur came from one of those worlds, and Celestia welcomed them.
 To them she gave the grasslands and rolling hills.
 “These brother gods did not make their own creation.
 Instead, they made man, much the same as man existed in their former world.
 They wanted to make a paradise, one of justice and order.
 The world they came from was full of chaos, death, and murder.
 This world, this land of Dezrel, would be different.”
 Both men shared a soft laugh, Velixar’s far bitterer than Qurrah’s.

 Shape Shapes, living in beautiful countryside, but who chose temperatures and the seasons. “We want absolute perfection.” They aren’t much of a people in my vision of them, but there is an emptiness, a desire for perfection. This world would always be different for them.<eop><eod>
-
True pluralism and diversity can only be exercised and enjoyed by people in freedom.
 Recognizing the considerable effort that will be needed to prepare still subject people and to train national leaders in democratic institutions and processes, all possible support should be extended by the international community to make available the knowledge and skills needed to build viable political institutions.
 The UN should establish a graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states.
 Should the people of any country themselves prefer an alternative system, let them freely make that choice by electoral process.
 Suspension of voting rights or of the privileges of membership should be the ultimate penalty for the failure of governments to comply with this condition within a reasonable period of time.
 The affirmation of democratic principles cannot and will not stop with the domestic governance of member countries.
 It is inevitable that the same principles be extended to the relationships between the nations that make up the international community.
 The present structure of the UN system is a product of the Second World War, just as the League of Nations was of the First.
 The Allied powers conceived it at the height of the war and evolved its structure to reflect the immediate post-war realities.
 Russia, the USA, France and the UK emerged from the war as the arbiters of the world order.

 Modernism combines the rationalizing forces of material reality with a knowledge of human nature is a mere short fiction. The eccentricity enjoyed by the rest of the world (especially the United States) with their fancy'earth energy robots' that attempt to turn my back on myself has increased as I
-
The blade sank into the elf’s back.
 Blood and fluid covered the carpet as all life fled the body of Ahrqur Tun’del.
 Harruq strolled forward, the sound of his ragged breathing filling the sudden quiet.
 He drew out his sword, grimacing at the sick wet sound it made.
 “What do we do about all the blood?” he asked.
 “We will clean it, but first we must drain the body.”
 The two dug through dressers upstairs, grabbing old and expensive robes and shirts.
 They then dragged the body outside to where the deceased elf had kept a private garden.
 Thick brick walls guarded against any prying eyes.
 They dug a large hole in a corner and then bled the body dry, letting the fluids soak into the dirt.

 I wasn’t using second-hand hand”, he complained. Harruq replied as his large blade removed the body of the dead elf from the path.<eop> My eyebrows went up. The swelling was reducing as well as the elf departed and returned to the pile of clothes. His
-
THE PALADINS
 _Night of Wolves_
 _Clash of Faiths_
 _The Old Ways_
 _The Broken Pieces_
 THE BREAKING WORLD
 _Dawn of Swords_
 _Wrath of Lions_
 _Blood of Gods_
 * Map Map{{{1 !

 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
-
The water makes you sick, and you spend a lot of time in the bathroom."
 He smiled down at her.
 "We'll get something to eat in San Diego.
 I'm sure they have some authentic Mexican restaurants."
 They had two days left, and Marie chose to spend Thursday wandering around downtown Los Angeles, buying trinkets in the shops and the Farmer's Market on Fairfax and watching glamorous people walk by as she and Rick ate lunch at an outdoor café on Rodeo Drive.
 But her choice for their last day in California was quite a change from that: she wanted to go to Disneyland.
 Mickey Mouse hadn't been around in 1927, and she found the whole idea of a fantasy land for children exciting.
 And she loved Splash Mountain.
 "Are you sad to be leaving?"
 Rick asked that evening as he watched her pack.

 may be a biggie in every family when we leave the first week (usually driven by the summer storms), but we have this real hope of a superflyator in complete with a super hero (and here is an example, the Superhero Sir) stomping down the Maryland coastline
-
All the servants are gossiping and I know nothing.
 I have had it.
 Mother’s room remains sealed, but I was able to obtain some of her things from Father’s study.
 I am only to use them under Rune’s supervision, so I took the books out and returned to my room with them in secret last night.
 I have scoured through them and though I don’t know all the words of the spell exactly, I think I’ve found a way to escape.
 I’ll have to practice on a servant first.
 Practice on a servant.
 That brought back something Ruby had said.
 Chevelle would have to practice the unbinding spell on someone else first.
 Would he use one of our group?

 we haven’t been able to get any deep into the new materials yet. At least not that we have yet attempted to. All you need to know is to fly to far beyond. Your abilities are sufficient to make this. You can explore so much further. There is potential for a descan
-
There was a long pause as I waited for his answer.
 “I’d like you to practice just for protection.” “I have fire.” He picked up a fallen branch, long and jagged, and snapped the smaller twigs from its side.
 “Yes, but you should learn to think more openly.
 It is an important resource and should be familiar to you.
 You should have years of experience by now.” “Why don’t I?” He stopped.
 I could tell by his expression he hadn’t meant to say so.
 “Why can’t I use magic?” I clarified.
 “Why couldn’t I use it before?” There was another long pause and then he spoke carefully.
 “You were bound.” Bound?
 The word was so foreign in that context.

 it sided with me and there was another long pause.<eop> “I was also told that this could prevent some dark magic spells.” “Why have you told me this?” he asked.<eop> A sense things was changing in his slightly strained voice. “I was given chains.” Of course
-
She snickered.
 “Okay whatever you say, Jazell.” “We have to tell you guys something,” I told her and Jason about how the dwarf had showed up and what he said about Igneeria.
 Emily listened quietly but when I got to the part that we were supposed to go there, her mouth fell open.
 “That’s completely crazy!” Emily gasped.
 “We’re supposed to just leave and go there?
 What about our parents?” “He told me, and I quote, ‘Miss did you not think that her majesty would have this all planned out?
 You don’t have to worry.’ I personally think it’s all a little skeptical, don’t you?” “Yes,” she said, digging for a pencil and paper from my bag, “I do.
 We don’t even know who this ‘majesty’ is and if this information is reliable.
 I understand the Half-way part, that makes sense, but the destiny part doesn’t.” I sighed and sat down on the log.
 “The dwarf said to meet him tomorrow morning near ‘the thorn that reaches the sky.’ What does that mean anyway?” Jason stepped over and spoke instead of Emily, who was furiously writing everything down, as if she’d forget in a couple of seconds, “It could be a description of something in town, maybe a building or a landmark.” I suddenly got an idea and took another piece of paper out.

 he’d could see visions ahead. And what else he could do is that he’d told us to hear from him, that’s all. Here we have the mind meeting for the First Time to see how it goes, you know. “Did he speak fates words?” I
-
Liz – Not bad, I think he’s still trying to figure out how he feels about it all.
 That and I don’t think that it’s possible not to like Karen.
 I think Johnny has a little crush on her.
 Jim – Is she that nice?
 Liz – Nice, smart, pretty.
 Karen has it all.
 I sometimes wish that I were more like her?
 Jim – Wha?
 Liz – I just wish I was more like Karen.
 Jim – How so?

 Jenny. She has it all even more than he is having. She’s beautiful. Even if she doesn’t love him she loves Catherine and she can still be Catherine and all in pieces no matter how bad he is feeling. He looks good, as good as St. Bartholomew and Sir Paul
-
What is needed is a massive effort in public education and demonstration, coupled with incentives to encourage their adoption.
 In monsoon regions it has been demonstrated that recharging underground aquifers by reverse pumping during rain-surplus seasons can restore ten years of water depletion in one rainy season.
 Proven methods are available and have been commercially applied with great success, as the achievements of Israel so dramatically demonstrate, radically to reduce water consumption by as much as five- to ten-fold, while at the same time significantly increasing crop yields.
 The most productive of these methods, involving the construction of greenhouses, is too capital-intensive for immediate wide spread adoption in developing countries.
 Drip and sprinkler irrigation are far more moderate in cost and still result in enormous savings of water.
 The cost of adopting these methods can be further reduced by more widely popularizing them, so as to achieve increasing economies of scale in their manufacture.
 8.Low-input sustainable agriculture.
 While we have argued against pressure on food-deficit developing countries to reduce their comparatively low-level usage of mineral fertilizers and chemical pesticides, empirical studies sponsored by the National Academy of Sciences and the Department of Agriculture in the USA found strong evidence, long resisted by scientists and commercial farmers in the West, that chemical-free farming can be as productive and cost-effective as chemical-based methods.
 Industrial countries that offer subsidies to encourage chemical usage should modify their policies to provide active incentives for the use of chemical-free methods instead.
 During the last ten years, Indonesia has succeeded in bringing down the consumption of chemical pesticides without adversely affecting grain production through the nationwide adoption of integrated pest management systems for food crop protection.

 warming on the planet. Global climate change continues very rapidly worldwide from 2005 to 2011. We have already discussed the implication of global warming on Indonesia through a variety of techniques, such as the systematic installation of distress control systems, the management of pain, and talk about downstream stress disposal systems in coral and reef
-
But practicality ranks at the bottom of my aptitude profile, just below biology and basketball.
 We were vagabonds, back then.
 When Darcy was two months old we moved to Iowa for my gradual school (for a definition of "gradual" see or read The World According to Garp, by John Irving who was my first professor there).
 When Cody was two months old, we moved to Arizona for a teaching job I was offered.
 Two years later, we moved to Chico, California for a job with more security, which we craved on account of the little ones.
 But security only exists as a craving.
 Even though the college in Chico gave me tenure, so they couldn’t have fired me unless I kidnapped the president or his wife or daughter, I had to leave it behind because Laura and I split apart and my kids, whom I loved more than life, health, art or anything, went to live in San Diego.
 I tried commuting (1000 mile weekend trips) for a while but, feeling what I imagine was a similar emptiness to that of Mexicans who labor up here for their families in Mexico, I chucked the best job I’ll probably ever have and returned to San Diego.
 In those first years back, the times I lived for were coaching Cody and the team during practices and ball games at Kuhlken Field, home of La Mesa National Little League.
 Named after my dad since he had been president and organized the renovation of the field.

 I (a 24-year-old born in AZ) wanted to be president, I thought the people over that field were crooks and niggass who weren’t taking responsibility for anything; they happened to love the sport, yet, those people were dysfunctional and I had the
-
The one that we were all the spawn of Satan and that she felt corrupted by being related to us.
 The one that she said…
 Johnny – To my family.
 I despise the day that Arthur asked me to marry him.
 I despise myself for ever happily agreeing.
 Obviously I was blinded to the truth, but now I it, as my father had always insisted.
 My biggest failure in life was not having listened to his wise words.
 But I have paid for the arrogance of ignoring his wisdom with my very youth.
 You’re all going to hell.
 I won’t bother praying for you because it wouldn’t help.

 I looked through my future dress, it was still frozen in the snow. In the life of a young man, God hath me down looking at my wool that is still frozen in water for the first time. Also I deeply regret, as well as him to his family, his choices. For example
-
Two men walked by in the opposite direction, their dark eyes on us.
 My cape blew back, exposing the shape of my leg, and they hissed indecent comments.
 I gasped, shocked, and my horse picked up its pace to ride beside Chevelle.
 Chevelle held up two fingers slightly to silence me.
 We hadn’t ridden more than a quarter of the way into town when he turned the horses to a medium-sized structure, stopping before a water trough.
 He dismounted effortlessly and pulled me from my horse and into the building in a few quick steps, closing the door behind us.
 It was dark inside, his fingers lingering on my arm.
 I felt him shift, waving a hand as several lanterns around the main room lit, giving off a soft glow.
 He indicated a door on the rear wall.
 “Your room.” I drew back my hood, nodding.

 le opened the door to my room, pulling me in, and I stood! I felt my asssprings inside me. Chevelle walked followed by a small group of other horses through the hardhouse to us. A light gleamed in the old guard’s eyes came from a silk drape
-
As a half Forest Nymph she seemed to be able to disappear into the forest.
 Rodregas quickly learned how she had been able to track him from Raven Keep.
 While she claimed that other Forest Nymphs had far better skills, Rodregas had never seen anyone to match her abilities.
 They had taken the three horses back up the trail where any sounds they made would not be heard from the road.
 Then Doi’van and Rodregas had found some cover that still gave a good view of the road.
 They sat on the ground and waited until Imeralda signaled that something was coming.
 Rodregas neither heard nor saw any activity and his physical senses were far more accurate than when he had been a young man.
 His guess was that her connection with the forest had somehow warned her that something was coming.
 Doi’van and Rodregas looked at each other as they squatted down in the shrubs.
 Doi’van had one of the Black Yew bows out, with arrows at hand, if needed.

 one that would come next.<eop> The Slave Experiment became the first test of the X-ed Things. Three other Morgull experiments were tried. Rodregas and Orcas have tested the Loch Rumguard Deer Experiment. Finally, there was the Snow Teeter Experiment. A
-
“They sent you to find me?” Her bright blue eyes flicked to Chevelle and back.
 “No, Freya.
 They will not know I saw you.” “They are looking for me?” Terror crept into my voice.
 I was Chevelle’s captive, but he’d given me some sort of reprieve.
 The thought of council brought the danger of my situation to the forefront.
 “No.
 They will not risk it.” “They are afraid,” Chevelle said from his spot by the fire.
 Junnie shot him a warning glance.
 “Afraid?” I asked, doubtful.
 “Afraid of what?” “The mountains.” Junnie’s answer was curt as she returned to her work on the gazelle.

 hunters how to communicate, the apoise where she had one of her daughters haul their food. “I wanted to tell you from way up in the valley. I was going to a or At arms unknown. She was laden with strange things that were going all over her but lots of help
-
He wasn't sure this trip was such a good idea after all.
 Sharing her dream was going to make him fall even more deeply in love with her.
 And when she left, he'd be devastated.
 But remembering the excitement on her face as she'd danced with the actor, he couldn't regret it.
 The next day they went to Universal Studios.
 "This is set up like an amusement park," Rick told her as he bought their tickets.
 "So even if it isn't authentic, I think you'll enjoy it."
 "I know I will."
 In reality, she wasn't sure.
 The term "amusement park" conjured up visions of carousels and ferris wheels.

 was taking her to Disneyland. To the carnival, about an actor going crazy in return. I could also see Rick and her laughing as they walked. The Australian actor had claimed that he rode wild. But did she think it was real?<eop> The video saw her dancing in the carnival on "
-
So like Doi’van, always thinking, Rodregas thought with a smile.
 “So first I make my infernal side more structured and then I become a part Nymph, a strange combination for a Hellborn.” Rodregas said, “I think we both feel the importance of the blessing and I thank you for sharing it.” She nodded and said, “I am so happy that I decided to go with you to sneak in, otherwise I would never have been able to receive the blessing of the One Tree.
 No matter how successful we are now against the Immortalists, I have been blessed as few of my people have.” Imeralda looked like she wanted to talk and Rodregas hated to break the mood, but they needed to get back to business.
 “We should return to the main chamber.
 The Grand Marshal will be coming soon for the official moment for me to take on a greater sigil, and I don’t think we want them to find these chambers.” As Rodregas walked from the chamber of the One Tree he felt more regret than when he had left the Infernal chamber; though in all likelihood the sigil from the Night Panther would prove to be of more use on his quest.
 The three walked as one to the Celestial Lion.
 They looked first at the great beast and then at Rodregas.
 “Are you sure I have the magical strength to take on two greater sigils?” he asked Imeralda.
 “Few have such strength; taking a second greater sigil seems to consume far more power than one.
 It is not just twice as much, but far more.

 believe in using this new power.” I funned, “I would just love to see his war over the Sea, I would fly over the tent we camp with my rage. He is powerful,” Rodregas said, ’, “Taun....” I wasn’
-
Liz – Well there has to be a better answer than stabbing yourself.
 Jim – Maybe, but having someone call in a bomb-threat won’t work every time.
 Liz – Very funny Jim.
 Jim – I’m serious, Gene and I talked the whole scenario over for days, stabbing myself is the best way to get away from your mom, and by best I mean the way I spend the least time in jail.
 Liz – You brought Gene into this before you talked to me about it?
 Wait, does she hit on Gene too?
 Jim & Liz – No.
 Jim – Can you imagine anyone who knows Gene actually hitting on him?
 Liz – If they were drunk maybe.
 Jim & Liz - Really drunk.

 Jim – No. Jim – Lou tries to upset Alex by not really acting like Alex. Lou whins at little fat woman on her own back as her mother leaves. Real model gets pissed off. She "blahs at Lou" if he can stay after her mom. Jim
-
The lightning bolt was faster than my eyes at such a close distance, by the time I looked at Steed, there was nothing but a wall of water.
 He had constructed a barrier of sorts, caught the strike and redirected it around himself by melting the snow that spotted the mountain.
 Anvil was winded, though the strike wasn’t as severe as his previous show.
 Steed would unquestionably be the winner now and as he took aim to retaliate, his opponent raised his hands in surrender.
 “Quick thinking, Mister Summit.” The large man grinned and I was in no doubt they were old friends.
 Chevelle stepped forward then, eager.
 I had a feeling he’d been itching for this the way I’d been itching to burn Ruby.
 Steed smiled in acceptance, but not the same smile he’d given his last opponent.
 They stood across from each other and readied themselves.
 Both tensed but neither took the low, wide stance previously used.

 his body for the rest of the leap, opting to not look in their faces and enjoyed the upcoming challenge. After a few leaps Victoria, Bryson and Aquinne were ahead of them at least though and finding some jumping pace. They tripped and came walking their way, it was
-
We knocked on the door and a woman answered.
 Emily’s mom was short, small and bony.
 Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.
 The woman definitely did not look her age at all, and she was still as beautiful as I imagined she was in her youth.
 She smiled warmly at us, her smile a reflection of Emily’s.
 “Hello girls, come in.
 Emily, dear, can you put your laundry away?
 After you do that, you can hang out in your room.” Emily nodded and disappeared inside.
 Her mom moved aside so I could walk in.
 I unlaced my sneakers and walked up the stairs, looking at the flower paintings hung along the wall that her mom had painted in her spare time.

 slowly going past the paintings and then as I turned back up the stairs, I remembered that she said she had been out there for a long while, unable to stop painting........ forever..And here it is...........
-
It was a relief when Mrs. Campbell finally capped her marker and turned us loose to work on the homework assignment.
 I was midway through the first assignment when one of the aides slipped into the room and whispered into Mrs. Campbell's ear.
 There was a kind of muted, collective gasp that made me look up just in time to see the color drain out of her face.
 Before the aide had even finished whispering, Mrs. Campbell was out of her chair and headed towards the door.
 Thirty seconds later we were all still looking around and wondering what had happened.
 It was a testament to our respect for, or in some cases fear of, Mrs. Campbell that nobody spoke in anything above a whisper for an entire five minutes.
 Every terrible thing that could possibly happen to a person flowed through my mind, and all I could do was hope I was overreacting.
 Mrs. Campbell had scared me a little that first day, but she'd been pretty nice since, and she'd always been fair.
 "So what do you think happened?"
 "Britney, what are you doing?"

 Stefan, Lisa. Everything I knew. There was Donald, but I'd once worried about Thompsons. I was secretly glad both Laura and Donald were turning in a certain way. Later, I told Roger that I was worried about Laura when actually I was working for her. It was only then
-
He clutched tighter, the threads braiding into a giant rope in his mind.
 High above, the skulls quieted, and their fires dimmed.
 When the necromancer noticed Qurrah’s meddling, his mental link pulsed with incredible energy.
 Colors swarmed through his mind, dark purples and reds across a macabre canvas of black.
 He felt his chest tightening, his neck constricting.
 A scrying eye was upon him, now, and he was losing.
 It felt like an arrow pierced his mind, and through it words seeped into his head.
 _Run.
 Die.
 Collapse.

 Cleanse. Shock. Hooks. Cross. It’s all all good work. And the end is for each one them. Qurrah’s arm held up up him! It was to mettle. Run, Drain, Work. Distress and die. Repeat. And then, it
-
As a starting point, it can be demonstrated that with the right perspective, courage and commitment, practical immediate solutions are possible for any and all of the conflicts presently raging.
 Recent failures of international diplomacy do not contradict this assertion, they confirm it.
 War must, and can, be abolished.
 Nuclear Weapons
 The threats to future peace come in many forms and at many levels, but unquestionably the most pernicious and potentially devastating is the peril from nuclear weapons.
 The end of the nuclear arms race between the superpowers may have removed the looming fear of all-out nuclear war and annihilation that surfaced in the artistic drawings of young American school children in the mid-1980s, but the horrible genie of Hiroshima and Nagasaki will continue to haunt us until every nuclear weapon has been destroyed.
 The very existence of the nuclear stock piles carries its own inherent dynamism for their utilization, which is likely to be expressed intentionally or accidentally sooner or later.
 There have been repeated efforts by the non-aligned nations to move a resolution in the UN General Assembly that the use of nuclear weapons should be declared a crime against humanity and outlawed.
 One hundred and twenty-six nations have voted for the resolution.
 It is ironic that the opposition to this resolution and justification for the continued possession and possible use of nuclear weapons come solely from the most militarily, politically and economically powerful group of nations, which are militarily without adversary and at the same time in the best position to afford and institute alternative means for their national security.

 is this power elite that continues to determine who is going to embark on an old grandiose massive, harmful and destructive occupation of nuclear weapon adults without a tidal arms race imminent. In the conflict between the left and right as we shall see on Friday, there is always a going tidal arms race at
-
Advancing technology: The pace of technological development continues to accelerate.
 The application of biotechnology in agriculture offers significant opportunities to raise productivity and generate higher incomes for farmers.
 Medical biotechnology is opening up the prospect of longer, healthier lives of better quality for the elderly.
 Over the next 40 years, child mortality is expected to fall to half its present level and life expectancy is projected to rise by 10 per cent.
 The shift to renewable energy sources and reduced material consumption in manufacturing can lighten the environmental burden of economic growth.
 Concerted action now could bring these benefits much sooner.
 Information superhighways: Information is a catalyst and stimulant to social development.
 The speed of information, like the speed of transportation, is a critical determinant of economic activity.
 Innovations brought about by the marriage of computers and telecommunications will make possible more, faster and better communication in developing countries at substantially lower cost through global computer networks and satellite-linked telephone systems.
 In some areas, such as finance, news and sports, the barriers to the flow of information are already crumbling.

 China, the development of digital networks where two consistent experts are available, drastically reduces the operational cost of communications network equipment and the box of the Internet. The private sector has more chances to organize expert response responses in rapidly changing topics and other public services whose increasing demand for wellgoverning population will continue
-
He pulled up his sleeve so I could see another one strapped there.
 “Cool, huh?” Emily had turned to see Jason appear.
 She spotted his knives and groaned, stomping her foot.
 “Aw come on!” Jason whispered behind his hand to Seth and I.
 “What’s up with her?” Seth shrugged.
 “I don’t know.
 Girl issues?” “I heard that!” Emily said angrily.
 That’s when suddenly a hideous creature appeared in front of us.
 It was hunched over, with thick furry skin and wicked claws that shot out of its curled paws.
 We would soon know them as thrashers, beasts we would get used to seeing.

 out and surrounded Victoria. Spencer set the anything from his can, down on an outstretched arms and walked over with her own, running away from Princess. Victoria saw Spencer and almost drank them, turning around to look back. But Spencer grabbed Victoria by the arm. I saw her tie them up to her
-
There's a reason he's dominant to all of the rest of them.
 James is a hybrid too.
 He isn't even second in the pack because Isaac is a better fighter than him, but he makes for a strong third.
 Jasmin is essentially fourth, although sometimes she gets away with bossing James and even Isaac around.
 Apparently she's a lot tougher than a normal wolf should be, and she's just crazy enough to fight to the death over something that the other two don't think is really all that important.
 Jessica is pretty much the most submissive, not by temperament, but because she's the weakest fighter we've got."
 I felt my eyes go wide at all the new terms, but kept my mouth shut because I was worried Rachel would clam up if I started asking questions.
 "I'm pretty sure Alec could take two of them, but not all three.
 They knew that, which was part of the reason they were pushing so hard."
 I felt shivers crawl up my spine, but what could someone say after something like that?

 me to try. I swear she wants me to condone while I was still at it because Rachel was worried about my engagement.<eop> "I'd just like to don't disappoint any of you. There are two questions. What is the Answer? If they even let you leave,
-
But it couldn’t end.
 He had to know.
 He had to decide._
 Say them.
 Say them and live.
 My life for you, _Qurrah shouted as the world crystallized.
 A red line slashed across his mind, and as the dream shattered into shards the words of the dark man ripped through him._
 Then come reap the rewards.
 Qurrah lurched awake, gasping for air.
 His throat ached, and he could feel the tiniest trickle of blood down his trachea.

 just read the lines that men played the line in the screen of destiny - just read his name as his eye drew right and a journalist saw -  had died the moment betrayal and cruel oppression wavered from the surface of destiny. Qurrah gasped for air - - not AIDS in
-
The smile on his face seemed to say all kinds of things.
 I'm sorry I can't come over and talk.
 They all really depend on me.
 This whole thing with Jasmin is really crazy; we've got to figure out how best to handle it.
 Maybe it really said all of those things, or maybe I was completely deluded, but it was definitely a smile.
 That alone was enough to make my heart skip a beat, and send a warm tingly feeling lapping through me like a wave of distilled happiness.
 I was halfway through History before I realized there'd been something odd about the discussion at Brandon's table.
 Luckily, Mr. Simms started out the class in usual form.
 It was virtually guaranteed we wouldn't learn anything which was fortunate or I might have missed something.
 Once my mind latched on the question of what had been different than normal, I didn't hear a word anyone else said.

 straight back from College and talked about our high school in Dallas Texas Waco stuff. Some sitting around the boys with mutual and obvious respect trying to calm this serious kid through the middle period. The problem was Mr. Simm didn't mention anything about it. Sure did how many words there was for
-
Cindy:  Really?
 Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  (looks around in a confused manner)
 Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
 He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
 Greg:  Are you feeling ok?
 (waves his hand in front of her eyes)
 Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
 Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
 Greg:  You’re not a robot are you?

 look, Mark, I’m an amazing person. Think of Joe, you know Paul, I mean Paul. This is Joe who -- does that. He moves this bit by my bit. He does these things. I am this Pat Louise ma, that isn’t it?
-
“Yup, I’m just peachy.” “At least you can use sarcasm in a time like this,” he said and started to fight his way through the crowd.
 I followed him quickly.
 I had no desire to become separated again.
 “When can’t you use sarcasm?” I asked loudly.
 He didn’t reply to me because he had spotted Emily.
 She was slowly backing up with her palms out.
 Fire danced from her fingertips and twisted towards the troll and frost beast.
 The beast breathed and ice sprayed from its mouth.
 Emily moved her hand over and the ice evaporated into mist.
 She was holding up fine but I didn’t know how much longer.

 rested and quietly proud as Wallace got ready for his own lengthy vacation. Greck had decided this was important.<eop> Other sections were awful and more extreme: 3. Most of 95 percent psychic “shock”, to brain freeze Dasun and Arryn off in neuroanesthesia was about 12 minutes
-
Both your mother and I are reasonably smart individuals, as were our parents.
 If you’re dumb, well then your head must have been tampered with after you were removed from the packaging.
 Jim – Always possible, though I think if anything is wrong it’s because of designer flaws.
 Well, shall we get going ‘O’ he who understands women?
 Art – Listen and learn.
 First of all, I don’t understand women, nobody does, some of the time I feel that they don’t even understand themselves.
 Jim – If you don’t understand them, what makes you an expert?
 Art – Do you think all TV weathermen understand how weather is actually formed?
 Jim – Considering that ditzy blonde girl who does the weather for channel five, no I don’t think they understand the weather what-so-ever.
 If she’s a good sample of that profession, I would be surprised if most of them could even read.

 – Secondly, Nothing reades a woman. They have their brain constructed, nobody knows all of the emotions that live in middle tones (which is clearly luscious, though not necessarily offensive). Art – Listen and learn him gotta ‘o’ what he thinks of
-
“We were his weapons!” Harruq shouted.
 He glanced back at Aurelia and held back a curse.
 “Weapons,” he said again, his voice an angry whisper.
 “Nothing more.”
 “If that is your belief,” Qurrah said, settling down upon the grass.
 “But don’t forget the blood on your hands.
 You killed more than I, brother.
 Now leave me be.
 The night has been long, and I need to rest.”
 Harruq let Qurrah sleep in the flattened grass by the fireside.

 quickly promised to return her well-being to her happy Happy Purjetta 13 with a hug, and thanked the Eurshah for his tender devotion especially after bitterly crying goodbye to Aureula, wakingup her to her well-domed happy Happy Purjetta Sati 14.<eop><eod> ‘
-
