So, money was coming in, we were playing regionally.
 We opened for The Airplane at the Coliseum.
 For Canned Heat in Little Rock.
 We were part of a triple bill with The James Gang and Rare Earth in Nashville.
 In Nashville, we were hanging out with Dylan and Johnny Cash, you know, Dylan introduced us, calling us, “the best blues group since Graham Bond.”  Bob, he gets this reputation for being aloof, but, man, that is one generous cat, you gotta know him.
 Who else did we play with at that time—such a bombastic time—right before the implosion, you know?
 It was all so ripe, so ready to burst.
 What’s that word for a plant that explodes outward, sends its seeds out—dehiscence.
 That was 1968-69.
 No one could see the end from there, no one knew.

 did one really good thing to do with a black92m cat0m— face straight. “You know,
-
My white gown spread around me in the water, now-dark hair swaying with the ripples on the surface.
 I rose above, peering down at myself, and the image turned into my mother, the dark water going black, the ripples transforming to wind.
 I recognized the scene as her pendant began to glow, the wind howling, screams piercing my ears.
 It was the same dream, but different now.
 I glanced around to find a village I didn’t know.
 Someone was coming toward me, an expression of fear and sadness on his handsome face.
 His familiar face.
 He reached out to me and I stepped toward him, tears streaming down my cheeks.
 He wrapped his arms around me as I turned again to see my mother.
 A howl of rage escaped her and I started to go to her, but he held me.

r away I couldn’t understand him. He was so ;92m;0m ; sentimental. I
-
The people of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union are highly educated, but long deprived of free access to information.
 Recent economic reforms have dramatically increased the importance of information in the functioning of the economy.
 The breakdown of the command system necessitates the establishment of new channels for the dissemination of information about economic principles, commercial opportunities and successful practices within and outside the country.
 The macro-economic reforms introduced to free prices and legalize private property cannot generate the desired results, unless the population is also given easy access and exposure to a very wide range of essential in formation on new technologies, legal re forms, trade potentials, self-employment opportunities and modern management practices.
 The plethora of new laws, regulations and deregulations being enacted in these countries have left the population baffled and bewildered regarding what is now legal or illegal, acceptable or not permissible.
 The transition of these nations can be significantly accelerated by systematic dissemination of important information to the population regarding potentials in agriculture, industry, technology, commerce, management and law, as well as in politics, public administration, international relations, education, social institutions and health.
 Information needs of industrial nations
 Even in the information-rich West, where the average citizen is over whelmed by a continuous barrage of ideas, opinions and so-called ‘facts’ of varying accuracy and credibility from myriad sources, there is a need for more reliable information.
 This superabundance conceals gaping holes of ignorance.
 American foreign policy toward the USSR in the 1980s was certainly influenced by the fact that, as recently as 1988, more than 50 per cent of Americans believed the Soviets fought against the United States in the Second World War.

n foreign policy92m during0m this time, however, indicates that the large range of information to which the population has
-
Dire Beast - Are common mortal animals that have breed with either a celestial beast or an infernal daemon.
 Dire Beast who are of the Blood are direct descendent while, a regular dire beast will be several generation removed but still show signs of their ancestry.
 Night Bronze - a heavy armor usually only worn by warriors who are either part Celestial or are Hellborn or have a Sigil of Strength due to its heavy weight.
 The metal is highly magical and can hold powerful enchantments.
 Though very strong it does not hold an edge well and is seldom used to produce an edged weapon.
 Mithril - a silvery metal that is light in weight.
 It can be beaten like copper, and polished like glass; light and yet harder than tempered steel.
 The metal is magical in nature and can hold enchantments.
 Blue Steel - is a steel and Mithril alloy, that holds an enhanced strength and edge.
 The most powerful of these weapons are Kissed by Fire.

owerful and holds92m an0m enhanced edge. FireShipper, a yellow metal that holds an enhanced strength and
-
“Follow me,” Qurrah whispered.
 “You will see.”
 He took a step forward and vanished into the shadows.
 Harruq glanced around, swallowed, took two quick breaths, and then hopped into the door with his eyes squeezed shut.
 He expected to thud against wood, feel a strange sense of vertigo, or some other bizarre sensation usually accompanied with magic.
 Instead, he felt only the slightest tingle of cold air before his feet thumped against the floor.
 He opened his eyes to see a posh living room decorated with red and gold furniture, silk sheets, and a lit fireplace.
 Everything oozed elegance, to a point that even the half-orcs knew was over the top.
 When Harruq looked behind him, the darkness had left the door.
 “Why did you not do that to the gate?” he asked.

e Manor.<eop>92m *0m * * * * *<eop> Meanwhile, the longhaired warrior Wasli then pulled
-
Chapter 10: A Vision Appears There is such a thing as love at first sight, and I know because it happened to me.
 Valentine’s Day, 1981, I decided to go to this local pick-up joint with Bill and hang with the rest of the hounds.
 This club, called “The Phone Company,” had phones on every table surrounding a dance floor.
 Each table had a number posted on a short pole that protruded above the phone.
 Pick up the phone at any table, dial the two digit number of the table you wanted to connect with and there you have it: a coward’s way of asking a lady to dance or talk without getting shot down tableside.
 What can I say?
 This was the style at the time.
 I was sitting at the bar with Bill, just a twenty-two year old kid, when a vision walked in.
 She stopped just a few steps inside the door.
 She wore purple high waist pants and a cream colored blouse that went all the way to her neckline with ruffled edges framing her stunning face.

oed half of Michael Jackson,92m was0m managing the bar. The vision did not walk in. She
-
What do you think happened?
 I'll bet she just got some really, really bad news."
 I felt a dull ache starting behind my eyes.
 "Just because I finished my Physics doesn't mean I don't have other stuff I need to do, and I don't even want to guess at what would make her go that white.
 I just hope whatever it was turns out not to be as bad as she thought it was."
 Britney rolled her eyes.
 "Please, like you don't have just as much reason to hate her as me.
 Besides, what other homework could you possibly have?
 You're like the most anal person I know when it comes to doing your homework.
 Therefore you finished it all last night, and have nothing that could possibly be more important than talking to me."

t pick up my phone to text. We92m had0m been seeing her before, and she had something
-
This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve Chapter Thirteen Chapter Fourteen Chapter Fifteen Chapter Sixteen Chapter Seventeen About the Author
 Chapter One Frey
 Crap!
 I stubbed my toe on a root, one of the pitfalls of living in a tree.
 It throbbed and I slammed the door in frustration as I left the tree.
 It only took a moment to realize what I’d done.

can make jerky sauce out of juice92m.0m I explained to my younger brother that he’d done
-
"For my part, I'm just glad you're telling me something for once instead of continuing to keep me in the dark."
 He released my chin and ran a finger down the side of my face.
 "Well, then I'm afraid I'll have to trade upon your current satisfaction to beg your leave.
 As much as I'd rather stay here and bask in your beauty, it's time for more training."
 I tried to keep the disappointment from my face, but his expression fell a little despite my best efforts.
 "You're unhappy with me?"
 "No.
 I mean not really unhappy, at least not with you.
 Maybe with the situation.
 I just feel left out of everything that's going on.

. No secrets.92m No0m consuming and blackmailing. No acting out. No sharing too freely in
-
“So, Imeralda, the stone here still seems strong and like new, though clearly, it has been long after the construction of this place.” She was looking at Doi’van strangely and it seemed to take her a moment to shift gears and answer his question.
 “Yes…of course construction like this…stone enchanted to absorb the power…it makes the stone stronger with that power.
 Stones formed like this will last as long as the ley line does not move, which happens only rarely and over centuries.
 What is strange is this is not a farm designed by Nymphs.
 The design of the home and barn is clearly human, yet it would be strange for a simple farmer to be able to afford to have his building built of Nymph stone and way up here in this remote place,” She said.
 “Sir Paladin,” Doi’van asked, “You said you traveled here the first time with friends.
 Might they tell folks of this place?” “No,” Rodregas answered, “they were not exactly friends, and they both died long ago.
 Plus, they had no magic and did not even realize this place was on a ley line, and I never told them.
 They just saw an old farm house in bad repair.” “So, what now,” Doi’van asked?
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “I think we should just sleep here tonight.

e just wandered off into the streets of Boston. Donkey had told me this was built92m for0m a railroad.
-
"How's this?"
 "Thank you, Father."
 She kissed the top of his head.
 "Who are you going shopping with?"
 "No one, but I'm meeting Mother for lunch.
 Good-bye."
 She headed for the door.
 "Marie, you know that I don't approve of your going out alone."
 "Father," she sighed, turning to face him, "I'm 23 years old.
 That's certainly old enough to go into town alone."

 her tone and chest empty of anger. "Mary?92m"0m From the hallway of
-
It all comes from heartache and passion and hard-won honesty.
 At least, I hope so.
 The artists I care about, that’s what I’m talking about.
 CM: 	So, what was school like, while you were getting this reputation outside of that environment?
 Was it hard to balance both?
 BG:  	Well, hell, I was never a student, you know?
 I never believed anyone except myself.
 I was a stubborn, self-satisfied little son-of-a-bitch.
 I know that sounds egotistical, but there it is.
 I was driven, though I didn’t know it.

92m been0m. From the day I got a Bachelor of Arts in Fine Arts at Dy Dance. I was
-
While they guarded her they also kept her at a distance as if she was somehow strange now.
 To them she was supposed to have been consumed by the ritual, and they seemed a little put off to have the AElf maiden standing there.
 Both were watching their prisoner but also throwing quick concerned looks over to where Rodregas now crouched on the tower roof.
 Captain Poir looked hesitant but then nodded.
 He walked over to the table and gathered up the robes.
 “Damn, Rodregas thought” he had said “please.” Master Ravenhurr ordered something done; he did not say “please” to his guard captain.
 As Rodregas stood, Captain Poir held the robe open and he clumsily put it on.
 His movements were awkward in this new larger body.
 His angle was wrong, Rodregas felt like he was standing on a crate.
 “Should I order the birthday celebration milord?” asked the captain.

, confident. And even if Rodregas were happy, things would happen naturally.92m Rod0mregas
-
More and more hands curled in, surrounding Dieredon and Sonowin in a magical maelstrom, yet still they came.
 “Fly, Sonowin,” the elf shouted.
 “Fly safe!”
 Dieredon leapt from Sonowin’s back, the blades on his bow gleaming.
 He fell through the air, the long spike on the bottom aimed directly for Velixar’s head.
 “Master!” Qurrah shouted again, shoving his body against Velixar’s.
 His concentration broken, Velixar lost his control of the black fog.
 The darkness swirled inward as if Velixar were the center of a giant drain.
 The blackness filled him, surrounded him, and consumed him.
 When all returned, and Dieredon was about to land, a wave of pure sound and energy rippled outward.

eard something say some time ago, something sharp pointed. Now she knew it, and92m the0m moment was
-
BG: 	Oh, what a loss.
 Sad, sad.
 Man.
 Keep moving.
 CM: 	Marianne Faithfull.
 BG:  	Dead, too, right?
 Didn’t she die?
 CM:  	Um, no, no…
 BG:  	Jagger’s chick.
 Sweet voice.

eet voice. Sweet voice. Sweet voice. Sweet voice. Sweet92m voice0m. Sweet voice. Sweet
-
“Qurrah’s like you, but not.
 You can cast magic right?” Aurelia nodded.
 “Well, he can too.
 But he…‌ he’s different.
 When we were kids, he found a little mouse.
 It was dead as dead can be.
 He closed his hands around it, just like this, and then whispered some words he learned from secretly watching Master.”
 “Master?” Aurelia asked, interrupting him again.
 “Yeah,” Harruq said, frowning.
 “My brother didn’t have too much fun before I found him.

ing in my room, watching Master.92m”0m<eop> Aurelia sighed, and then interrupt him. Har
-
This structure is based on political realities that no longer hold true.
 As the limitations of the League led to renewed conflagration two decades later, so the arrangements underlying the establishment of the UN contained within them the seeds of the confrontation between the superpowers and the Cold War.
 The present international system of governance is as far from being truly representative and ‘democratic’ as many erstwhile authoritarian governments that incorporated the popular adjective in the names of their parties or states.
 The UN Charter assigns primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security to the Security Council of 15 members, of whom five are permanent members with veto power over all matters.
 In no other constitution or organization founded on democratic principles is it accepted that a few members may thus invalidate the decisions of the majority.
 The General Assembly, in which all members are represented and which is headed by an elected Secretary, is only an advisory body, constituted to ‘discuss any questions relating to the maintenance of international peace and security’ and to ‘make recommendations with regard to any such questions to the state or states concerned or to the Security Council or both’.
 This authorization is restricted by the provision that in regard to any dispute or situation in which the Security Council is exercising its functions under the Charter, the General Assembly will not make any recommendations with regard to the dispute or situation unless the Security Council so requests.
 It may have been the wisdom of the great powers to fashion this non-democratic structure and maintain it, so long as the superpowers and the military blocs stood in firm opposition to each other, and so long as military power was a primary factor in world affairs.
 Equally, it will be wisdom now to recognize that this system is no longer justifiable or tenable.
 The end of the East–West confrontation, the rise of economic power and economic issues to a dominant position in international relations, the proliferation of new member countries from the developing world, and, most importantly, the emergence of development along side peace as a primary mission of the UN system, are all arguments for radical change.

ger well-defined92m or0m objective and its aims have a clear definition. The aims of the world have
-
.
 .
 last week I never got home before 9:00."
 Her eyes widened, and he grinned, continuing, "But today I'll be home by 5:30.
 I promise."
 She wandered around the house restlessly after he'd left.
 His house was big, and he had a lot of interesting things, but she didn't like being alone.
 It just made her miss her family and friends and Davis that much more.
 Hoping that television would provide the illusion of companionship and take her mind off her homesickness, she went to the living room and turned it on.
 That was where Rick found her at 5:30.

s lap on the couch then parked her92m in0m the lounge to watch a house star the night before.
-
“The Quellan elite are the only ones capable of raising and flying the winged horses.
 When they fly in, stay low, and aim your spells for their horses.
 The rider will die from the fall.”
 The man in black closed his eyes and spoke to the undead surrounding them.
 “Hide our presence,” he ordered.
 “Spread about, and do not halt your movement for all eternity.”
 The two thousand obeyed, scattering in a constantly moving jumble of arms and legs.
 “That should help keep our presence hidden for a time,” Qurrah said.
 “They are but distractions.
 The darkness will hide us from their arrows.”

ted her away92m.0m “This town of seven thousand is of silver and gold. The ruins of it
-
What is with you and those stupid comic books?
 You could have at least picked something good like Batman.
 Jim – Sumo has always been there for me in my times of need.
 Liz –  Really?
 Jim – Yeah, till mom found out what they meant to me.
 She burned my collection when I was at school one day.
 At least all the comics she could find anyways.
 I hid the rest.
 (shakes his head) I had every edition of Sumo Assassin all in mint condition.
 They’d be worth a fortune now to another collector.

o owns this body anyway.<eop> Liz – Sure92m,0m right. Are you after two
-
And buy the video when it comes out."
 He was thrilled when she didn't say she'd probably be back in 1927 before then.
 She was quiet during the ride home, remembering the scene she'd done.
 And how she'd peered through a camera.
 And sat in a director's chair as he walked his sitcom actors through a scene.
 It hadn't been a page out of a fairy tale like she'd expected, but it had been exciting nevertheless.
 And a dream-come-true.
 "I feel gritty.
 I think I'm going to jump in the shower," Rick told her when they got back to the hotel.
 "Me too."

 were piles of clothes, clothes undress back, a glass of beer from92m a0m local restaurant.
-
Aurelia released his hand.
 “May Celestia watch over you,” she said as he left.
 “And she over you,” Dieredon replied.
 Then he was gone, through the forest and back into town.
 There he bought a sturdy horse and began his long ride south to the Quellan forest.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “It is a beautiful blade,” Harruq said, examining the elven weapon that had belonged to Ahrqur.
 They were killing the final hour before dark.
 Then they would hoist the wrapped body onto Harruq’s shoulder and sneak out of town.

a few minutes to secure it. Harruq thumped it on the wall92m and0m, with a
-
The men shuffled around nervously, their eyes searching for enemies that always seemed to be hiding beyond their vision.
 The guard captain unrolled the edict, his gut sinking as he realized where he stood.
 Long ago, man and elf had agreed to live together in peace.
 Now, on that very same spot, he would rescind that agreement.
 Beyond the clearing loomed several palisades.
 All nearby windows were closed, and several boarded.
 A few humans stuck their heads out their doors to glimpse the armored men trampling through their city.
 Most kept themselves far from danger.
 “Elves and men of the city of Woodhaven,” Antonil shouted.
 “By order of the noble and sovereign King of Neldar, all elven kind has been banned from human lands.

ave anymore and our vessel92m is0m being put on hold,” Antonil said. “He declared the solid of
-
Thanks Liz.
 Jim – Most of those names aren’t well known, and the people who do know them would die of laughter rather than of fear.
 Liz – Use a modern monster name then, like King Kong or Dracula or something.
 Eugene – Hey great!
 I know, Godzilla.
 It’s perfect.
 GODZILLA!
 Jim – Godzilla is just a guy in a dinosaur costume.
 You’d do about as well taking the name Barney.
 Maybe then you’d get people to hug you.

 Dr. Doctor. You’re one of the best guys92m in0m the making, and two
-
Greater freedom for individual action and ownership both stimulate and are supported by greater productivity in agriculture.
 Authoritarian government is frequently either the result or the cause of food shortages – its use of force justified on the one hand to meet a crisis situation or necessitated on the other to restore order and initiate emergency measures.
 Only under democracy is government compelled to pay attention to the needs of people at the lowest levels of society.
 The dual pressures of a free press and electoral system have helped a free and democratic India to avoid famine for nearly 50 years, despite the recurring incidence of widespread famine in previous centuries, up to as recently as four years before the country gained independence.
 Even in China, which appears to be a blatant contradiction of this thesis, it was the liberalization of the agricultural sector and greater freedom given to the peasant community that were responsible for the remarkable increase in food production.
 For countries still at an early stage of political development, where government lacks even the force of authority to govern, the first essential steps may necessarily be toward greater centralized authority and control, a common stage in the political evolution of the nation state.
 But that central authority cannot release the full initiative of its farmers or tap the full potentials of agriculture without first instituting broader democratic measures.
 Recent events in Eastern Europe demonstrate that where states attempt to use authority as the lever for agricultural development, the achievements are likely to be limited and short-lived.
 The inability of the authoritarian system to produce enough food for its people was one of the major factors contributing to its downfall.
 Democracy is the most potent fertilizer to ensure food security at the household level.

te simultaneously as results for authoritarian government rule, democratic governance is most productive for the people92m of0m China.<eop>
-
On the Road
 Probably all of us high school seniors worried about the reality that soon we would be on our own, sent out to face a rather scary world.
 For a while, that was Eric’s obsession.
 The atom bomb threat had recently gotten re-stoked when Khrushchev and Kennedy held a stare-down to decide who could launch nuclear missiles from the western hemisphere and who couldn’t.
 At a coffeehouse near the college I would attend, we overheard people talking about Jack Kerouac and the Beat generation, which Kerouac described as all of us who grew up after Hiroshima and consequently understood just how fragile and tentative life was.
 The end of the world was a recurrent theme of these writers who got called the Beats.
 Any second some madman or tyrant could push the button.
 Kapow, our race is a goner.
 See that coming and, walloped by dread reality, spooked beyond reach of old customs and authority, our nature cries, “It’s out there somewhere, whatever it is.
 Go find it.” Eric and I bought Kerouac’s On the Road, and checked out Dharma Bums and his latest, Big Sur, a memoir in minimal disguise, about a fellow who goes to a cabin in the forest to recover from drunkenness and fame.

tion occurred92m at0m the core of our plans to come to university. In 1976, we went to college.
-
“Sorry,” he said, his face reddening.
 “I had a long night.”
 Aurelia nodded.
 She twirled the staff in the air and then hooked it underneath her arm.
 “Ready to start?”
 The half-orc shrugged.
 “Sure, why not?”
 Instead of starting, she lowered her staff and crossed her arms.
 “Something’s wrong, Harruq.
 Tell me what bothers you so?”

ning and turning then stopped moving completely. Aurelia stepped forward and then looked at Harru92mq0m,
-
Without actually touching it, Rodregas slowly ran his fingertips along the binder of the book.
 While the feeling was not as strong as when he had held it, clearly the feeling of what could only be described as evil emanated from the book.
 Was this feeling truly coming from the book or was this some new ability of his new body to sense the nature of the book’s contents?
 Rodregas got up and walked over to the bookshelf.
 He closed his eyes and, trying not to touch, lightly ran his hands close to the row of books.
 Quickly he realized that with some books he felt nothing.
 Other books seemed to buzz with energy but gave off no bad feelings.
 Still others had a bad odor of decay or foulness that made him want to cover his nose and pull away.
 In truth there was no smell, but simply a feeling.
 Rodregas made a quick decision to trust this new ability and to take action.

gas had92m been0m sitting peacefully on a cardboard peg that reached the end of the bookshelf and
-
Yet, his body still felt exhausted.
 Rodregas must have moved enough to get some attention because a man, or to be more accurate, an adult male Nymph, moved into his sight.
 Rodregas was always surprised by the amount of hair coming out of the ears of an adult Nymph.
 He was glad that was one trait that Imeralda did not seem to have.
 He knew the thought to be a silly one even as it crossed his mind.
 It was quickly replaced with concern.
 For a second he thought that he was tied down, but Rodregas could see enough to determine that his restraints were tightly tucked bed sheets.
 He must be very weak.
 “Easy there young man,” said the old Nymph.
 The Nymph slowly helped him up and held a bowl to his mouth.

e bowl and his hair started to lash out out of his ears. Rod92mre0mgas could see that
-
Man.
 Keep moving.
 CM: 	Marianne Faithfull.
 BG:  	Dead, too, right?
 Didn’t she die?
 CM:  	Um, no, no…
 BG:  	Jagger’s chick.
 Sweet voice.
 I thought she was dead.
 CM: 	Wild Man Fisher.

 woo, woo92m,0m woo, woo, woo
-
Lorelei Enos was in and out.
 One of the startling revelations found in these tapes is that Lorelei was with Buddy until the end.
 Rumors had her abandoning him after they had left Memphis for Los Angeles.
 Stories circulated back home about her, unflattering stories all, about her working in the pornographic film industry, about her fixing Buddy that final fix, about her leaving him for a slick-talking Hollywood casting agent.
 What is made clear here is her devotion to him and his to her.
 In this way they resemble John Lennon and Yoko Ono, another vastly misunderstood couple.
 The tapes are in remarkably good shape, with only a few elisions, a few minutes of silence.
 I knew Buddy Gardner and I was still startled by much that is found here.
 It’s his voice alright, but there’s an anger there, a tension, that surprised me.
 Buddy Gardner, when I knew him was a sweet, soft-spoken man, a man driven by ambition, sure, but, underneath that, there was a humility and a human heart .

tics star star is an admirable man, right92m?0m One is left with most unsettling knowledge about Punk
-
Right before dark Rodregas was watching carefully and found the faint signs of the rocky trail that he remembered.
 He turned the cart onto it, and after going down the path a bit he came across a good place to camp for the night.
 As Doi’van and Rodregas set up camp, Imeralda went back, doing her best to erase their tracks.
 After dinner they all took turns sleeping and keeping watch.
 Rodregas took the first watch and several times he thought he saw something.
 It was not the men they had left behind, but some animal that never came close.
 It seemed to be hanging on the edge of the camp.
 “A wolf maybe?” Rodregas thought.
 It seemed to be watching the camp, but it was not doing anything aggressive.
 He remembered thinking he had seen an animal during the fight.

o aim for the spear as Doi’van made his way to the edge of the camp92m.0m<eop>
-
I had been drifting again, lost in thought.
 What had they said?
 The council leaders were focused on the pendant at my chest, where it lay exposed against my skin in the V of the low cut gown.
 They had ordered the guard to remove it.
 I didn’t understand why they would want my mother’s pendant, but I knew not to ask.
 I knew what happened when you spoke before being instructed.
 The guard stood, facing me, both hands poised to take the leather chain over my head as I stared on insensibly.
 His touch lingered and I glanced down, surprised to see he had a firm grip on the necklace but wasn’t lifting it, couldn’t lift it.
 I looked to the council leaders as the guard turned toward the table and decisively stepped away from me.
 “The crystal will not be removed,” he said.

s, when I was in92m my0m first club. They’d pitched in as the members who were the
-
Doi’van must have seen him coming from his position and he dropped his bow and pulled his great sword.
 The guard must have been thinking “Forest Nymph” due to the nature of the archery attack from the forest because he was unprepared for the strength of the blow.
 Like the one Rodregas had hit, the sword failed to cut armor.
 The guard, with the speed of his sigil, blocked it.
 But he blocked it sword to sword instead of using the momentum and speed to simply guide the sword away from his body.
 The resulting blow had an unpleasant sound and cut right through Doi’van’s sword.
 Unfortunately for the guard, Doi’van stepped forward as he swung and jammed the lower half of the sword into his opponent’s chest.
 The guard flew into the bushes with a sickening crunching sound.
 Rodregas next heard the sound of another of the enemy and spun into the sound using all his speed and strength, hoping to take a guard with either advantage.
 His target proved to be a slaver.

n to step forward and raise the sword. Avoid standing anywhere in the room. Your victim92m will0m move
-
The metal is magical in nature and can hold enchantments.
 Blue Steel - is a steel and Mithril alloy, that holds an enhanced strength and edge.
 The most powerful of these weapons are Kissed by Fire.
 About the Author Gil Hough was born in Detroit, Michigan and raised on the waters of lake St. Clair, spending the majority of his youth reading and boating.
 After graduating from Grand Valley State University, where he mostly studied his love of the sport of rowing, he left for various adventures which included several years of non-violent reconciliation work in Northern Ireland through the Brethren Volunteer Service, working with refuges from Central America seeking political asylum and teaching English as a second language in Torreon, Mexico.
 Gil eventually settled in Knoxville, Tennessee where he resides today.
 After spending four years organizing Appalachian communities, he worked as the Tennessee Director of Renewable Programs at the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy, until he moved on to developing renewable projects with Restoration Services, Inc.
 He is a founding member of TenneSEIA (Tennessee Solar Energy Industries Association) where he serves on the Board of Directors, advocating for the orderly and sustained development of solar energy.
 Feel free to share your thoughts on the book by emailing him at gilhough@yahoo.com or follow Gil on Twitter or to learn more about The Order of the Lion series on Facebook
 

We adopted a daughter in July, 2016, Leanne Henson,92m who0m was born in
-
Rodregas realized he was lying on the ground over by where Doi’van had been keeping the lances and equipment.
 The spare lances were gone.
 He had lost.
 Doi’van was of course referring to the healing sigil.
 He wisely did not say it out loud as every squire there would have been asking about where they had gotten one.
 Rodregas started to get up, but quickly decided it was smarter to stay lying down for now.
 “Where did we finish?” he asked.
 “Actually we did pretty good.
 There were more than a few that cannot go on, even if you had won.
 You finished eighth overall in the tournament, with a second place white ribbon for the joust.

t lance. Today, you finished twelfth overall92m in0m a really grand event. You finished twelfth overall in
-
Jim – It’s not fantasy damn it.
 The Canadians are coming.
 Eugene – Sure they are.
 Johnny – Right after the Martians.
 Jim – I hope you like watching hockey, because in a few short years it’s all that will be on television.
 Mark my words.
 Eugene – Your words are marked.
 But what do we do when you’re wrong?
 Jim – I won’t be wrong, eh.
 Johnny – What was that?

lem. It was that you were right, that we shouldn92m’0mt have been wrong. Eugene
-
_Blood of Gods_
 * Map Map{{{1 !
 [map](map.png)
 * Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 1
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 The two brothers were almost to the wall when the skulls flew overhead.
 “Make them stop!” cried Harruq Tun, hands pressed against his ears.
 Beside him, Qurrah Tun stood mesmerized by the sight.
 Hundreds of skulls bathed in purple fire sailed over the walls of Veldaren like dark comets.

forth terror92m,0m anger, anger, within them. They gazed down, looking down, angry with themselves
-
He spun around and started to run around his opponent, circle him at a breakneck speed.
 Geriodon responded perfectly.
 He kept one foot planted and spun tight to help counter Rodregas’ speed.
 It should have worked.
 And it did work for several minutes.
 Rodregas simply kept running in a circle around Geriodon just outside the range of his mace.
 He dug into the sand with his feet and he ran, and kept running.
 Minutes went by before Geriodon’s own spin move went a little too fast as he tired.
 Then Rodregas simply threw himself into the man and wrestled him to the ground.
 Even as Rodregas carefully ripped Geriodon’s helmet off the squire kept fighting.

 again. Rodregas dressed for the fight the next day.<eop> And then92m it0m just seemed bizarre Rod
-
“Come on!” We walked slowly into the cave.
 I glanced over at the dragon, which was now asleep and making small puffs of smoke in the rain.
 I sat on the cold stone floor, shivering.
 I was soaked to the skin and my hair was completely plastered to my head.
 Seth sat next to me and I could see he was shivering too.
 Jason slid down the wall across from us with his eyes closed.
 “I never want to walk again,” he mumbled.
 “Never.” “You're going to have to, dude.
 We have a lot of walking left to do,” Seth said wearily.
 Jason groaned and circled up against the wall.

h a92m rather0m regular pace, sitting on a wing across from us. He was called a Defend Cloud
-
At the same time development has weakened values that support respect for tradition and hierarchy, seniority and authority, self-effacement and humility, patience and perseverance, generosity and self-sacrifice.
 The nineteenth century tolerated values based on the exploitation by people over people through slavery, colonialism and war, and the domination of nature by man.
 The guiding values for the coming century are freedom and respect for the individual, social equity, tolerance of human diversity and harmony with the environment.
 Development is widely regarded as the cause of moral decline and increasing corruption, crime and violence.
 These negative consequences are primarily due to the fact that freedom has been extended to vast sections of the population which were confined in the past by rigid social barriers and minimum expectations, so they never had need or occasion to embrace the values they now eschew.
 The earlier self-restraint has been replaced by a self-assertion that has not yet acquired the productive values needed for achievement.
 Rising expectations enhance this tendency.
 While it is true that corruption is more prevalent today than ever before, it is also true that the entire global economy functions on the basis of a faith, honesty, openness and tolerance that would have been inconceivable in the past.
 We mourn the loss of cloistered values, which were very often accompanied by narrow rigidity and provincialism, while failing to recognize the enormous growth in positive human values that has made possible the incredible progress of the past few decades.
 In past centuries cultural values were handed down to future generations through the family.

r have always done well, compared to men92m and0m women of my generation. will be disappointed if your child
-
In the morning they’d be all like, let’s go to Barksdale’s for breakfast, and, well, I was using some speed at the time and my appetite was nil.
 So, they’d go off and I’d pick up the guitar.
 That’s just the way I was then.
 All music all the time.
 (laughs)
 CM:  	Who played with you around this time?
 BG:  	No one played with us, man.
 I mean, aside from Jim or Sid sitting in.
 CM:  	I meant, who opened for you, at the Shell, etc.
 BG: 	Oh, yeah.

lake-- The Shell. Shar-92m-0m The Shell.<cls>
-
“But you know so little of me.
 Let me tell you a few things, since we will be traveling together.” I felt my head jerk to find Chevelle, not believing what I had just heard.
 Ruby continued without pause.
 “I’m sure you’ve heard by now I’m an amalgamation, a half-breed.” She said the last part with distaste and glanced at Steed.
 “I will give you a short version of events so when the subject comes up—and believe me, someone will ask—you are not overcome by curiosity and forced to seek less than honorable venues to discover the facts.” I chose to ignore the jab about my eavesdropping.
 “My mother was a power-hungry wench seeking notoriety.
 She was an elemental fairy and, like me, sported a fine head of red hair.” She ran a hand under the curls for emphasis.
 “She heard a story one day of a mixed-species birth and got it in her head she could breed a more powerful magic.
 Apparently she thought she could control her offspring and use the magic to her advantage… I suppose she thought she could rule the world.” Ruby smirked.
 “She studied various species for a few moons and decided her best chance at conquest was a dark elf.

y recollection92m of0m meeting Chevelle and how black dragons wanted brown dragons to be evil men came in
-
I was still afraid to have him kneel when we stopped for the evening, though, imagining him rolling on top of me if I tried.
 I slid down and stretched my legs, glad for a rest after the hours of tensing every time the horse changed direction.
 The air was brisk.
 I ran my hands over my arms to warm them.
 I started as black swirled around me.
 Chevelle had thrown a cloak over my shoulders.
 He moved in front of me to hook the clasp, his dark eyes piercing as he stood so close.
 My heart stuttered when he leaned in, our faces unbearably near.
 Just before he touched me, his cheek slid alongside mine, his mouth at my ear.
 I froze as he spoke low, his breath on my neck sending a shiver through me.

rd, it threatened me92m.0m I buried my head into his neck to gulp in a final last gulp during
-
"Why?"
 "You're a lot of fun to be with."
 Her smile lit her face.
 "Really?"
 "Yeah.
 I've had a terrific time this weekend."
 "So have I."
 "And if you were mine," he continued, happy that she wasn't angry, "I would hold you every time you let me.
 I guess that if I lived in 1927, I might have to be subtle about it.
 Like .

. you are the only one who is white). "There92m'0ms so
-
A few minutes later, Bryce rounded the corner into the room with his arms outstretched cupping the Oxy and foil he found inside CD cases.
 I had never even thought to check there.
 Brandon stood up.
 Bryce glared into Brandon’s eyes, and in the room’s dead silence Bryce laid the drugs and the burned black-sketched foil on the counter like it was a dead animal.
 I stood in front of Brandon, looking slightly up at him, as he is taller than me.
 The room was silent and everyone awestruck.
 After what we just went through with him… I looked Brandon in his guilty darkened eyes and I said, “Prepare yourself to find out what will happen to you every time you lie to me… are you ready?” Before he could reply or even contemplate my words, I felt the crack of Brandon’s nose on my knuckles and he flew backwards off his feet.
 My family’s loud simultaneous gasps accompanied Harry and Bryce’s rush to restrain me as if I was going to continue the beating.
 Maybe kill Brandon.
 This is how angry we all were.

 were. Why would you want someone who you care about to do92m this0m to you? Why would you
-
By the time I'd returned, Rachel's youthful features had taken on a mature cast that'd make all kinds of boys wish they'd taken a risk and asked Alec's little sister out.
 Jasmin had about the least reason out of any girl alive to be an expert hair dresser since her naturally wavy hair could just air dry and still look like she'd spent hours working on it, but an expert she was.
 The results of her efforts on Rachel's behalf were nothing less than spectacular, and the casual-looking knot of curls and twists was wispy in all the right places.
 Even with Rachel currently an order of magnitude hotter than normal, Jasmin still captured the prize.
 Rachel's work on her behalf had resulted in a makeup job that was so incredibly understated, even us girls had a hard time detecting it.
 Her wavy brunette hair had been straightened and pulled back in what looked like an attempt to let some other girls shine for a change, but it just made her look like a goddess who'd decided to spend the night slumming.
 Given who she'd spent the last hour being surrounded by, it was no wonder Dominic was worried she was the ugly step sister.
 She needn't have worried.
 Her features were even more exotic than Jasmin's, and Rachel had chosen bright colors that made her stand out much more than usual.
 James' macho cool really was going to finally crack tonight.

arious, this boy trying to blame some poor woman for her death? He92m'0ms just possibly
-
He thought his chances were better today.
 He was used to the sword and shield.
 Rodregas stood with his chain mail over his repaired studded leather armor; a long sword and a shield, both from the dead slavers were in his hands.
 The rules were, of course, not to fight to the death.
 A knight stood in the middle of the square and would declare the winner of the match.
 Rodregas’ first opponent looked like a grizzled army veteran; he had a red ribbon and a blue ribbon so he was a man of some skill.
 Rodregas knew he had to do well today or he had no chance.
 He stepped into the square.
 The sands of the ground shifted slightly under his weight as he circled his opponent.
 The veteran was clearly taking him seriously, going in slowly with his knees bent and his feet keeping active.

sword and shield92m and0m turned back to Rodregas. He was aware of his opponent. The veteran
-
My life for you, _Qurrah shouted as the world crystallized.
 A red line slashed across his mind, and as the dream shattered into shards the words of the dark man ripped through him._
 Then come reap the rewards.
 Qurrah lurched awake, gasping for air.
 His throat ached, and he could feel the tiniest trickle of blood down his trachea.
 The night was still deep and the town quiet.
 Beside him, Harruq snored loud enough to wake the drunkest of men.
 Far away, a wolf howl beckoned.
 “Sleep well,” Qurrah said, leaving the town.
 His doubt faded with each step.

ear Fall of Sen. Jeremiah Lotqa Law: The Pan92m-0mIndian War (1953)
-
"Whether that was his intent or not, the Sun didn't completely abandon him, either out of respect for what they'd shared, or possibly out of concern for her children.
 Once it became apparent that the Earth and Sun were through with each other, the Moon began to court her.
 Doomed to touch only briefly during the rare solar eclipses, they nevertheless became beloved, one to the other.
 The greatest sign of the Moon's devotion to the Sun came about when he sent his children down to the Earth to watch over and protect the sunborn, or dayborn as they are most often called."
 Alec's pause was long enough that I think I nodded off, but the sound of his voice once he resumed talking pulled me back awake.
 "Originally there were just two of the moonborn, a pair of brothers called Adjam and Inock.
 Unbeknown to the Moon, the Earth had anticipated his great gesture of love, and sent forth a plague upon the land.
 As Adjam, the elder of the brothers, descended from the heavens and touched down upon the Earth, he collapsed to the ground in pain.
 Despite his agony as the very bones of his body rearranged themselves, he managed to call out a warning to Inock, to flee back to the Moon.
 The love of Inock for Adjam was so great that he rushed to his brother's side, where he too fell victim to the Earth's plague."

ew news, the world'92ms0m most powerful and most famous pharaoh said something amazing. "
-
"We share a little in common with a bunch of different legends, but none get it quite right.
 In short, we're shape shifters, people who can take the form of animals."
 I'd already seen that for myself, but it was strangely exhilarating to hear him admit it.
 "You mean like werewolves?"
 There was a hiss of sound, as if I'd just hit him.
 For a second I worried I'd made him angry.
 "No, not like werewolves."
 I waited for him to elaborate.
 When the silence grew too uncomfortable I was the first to crack, just like always.
 "Did I say something wrong?"

 tightened92m,0m showing pain, but it was more meant he was just breathing. He sounded like bab
-
“For what reason?” he asked.
 “I heard those men.
 I saved you from the gallows.
 I would prefer to know more about the life I spared.”
 Harruq leaned his head on his fist and stared at the grass, growing increasingly uncomfortable.
 “I don’t know.
 Not too much to tell really.
 My brother and I grew up in Veldaren, and about three months ago the king kicked out all elves.
 Believe it or not, that included us.”
 Aurelia grabbed his sleeve to halt him.

ause I am the Rakt92m.0m" Harruq shrugged down that. Instead, a pointed
-
Jim – Sheep don’t count.
 Johnny – Go to Hell!
 Jim – Come on, that was funny.
 Johnny – I didn’t think so.
 Jim – Where’s your sense of humor?
 It ain’t healthy not to laugh from time to time.
 Johnny – Who says?
 Jim – The ancient Mayans.
 Johnny – The ancient Mayans say it’s un-healthy to laugh?
 Jim – Yeah, they did a lot of study on it.

s tricky. Jim – The ancient Mayans said it was92m un0m-healthy to laugh
-
And then, for no apparent reason but amusement, he did a few somersaults and landed in the center of the circle, smiling.
 I could only shake my head as Ruby clapped beside me, clearly thrilled with the show.
 I thought I must have missed something.
 Grey bowed out of the circle and was replaced by the two tall, silvery elves.
 I found myself startled again; I had not seen them sitting with the group, or anywhere else.
 For some reason, it was much more eerie than the little wiry man who blinked in and out of vision.
 One of the men spoke, his tone formal.
 “We will not demonstrate their full power at this time, in fear of shorting our forces a man for mere display.” I assumed he was probably joking.
 “As you can see, they can be frightening, however, without attack.” At that, the dogs walked into the circle.
 I had not seen them either, before they were approaching their masters.

in her rein, she walked around without getting up, her face clearly92m showing0m her fear for the greater
-
"You've joined Father's company?"
 "Yes.
 He bought my small business, and I began in the middle.
 Not at the bottom, because I do have a good deal of experience, but not at the top either.
 I want to earn it."
 "And you will, young man."
 Marie knew that the stern look her father gave John was intended to mask the love and pride he felt.
 Her own heart tightened with love.
 She never would have dreamed that her disappearance would bring her family closer together.
 John and Mrs. Tranton went to get dressed, doing so in record time.

elt like making her forget her father.92m 0m"My sorry, Miss Tranton, I am going<cls>
-
I don’t feel much better at all, but I did get to talk about mommy, she’s such a saint.
 Character 2-  (grabs his ear and drags him off stage with her) You are such a pain, no sex for you tonight!
 Character 1- But I didn’t do anything!
 Back in the living room.
 The hat is once again in its place at the front of the stage.
 Character 1 is standing at the front of the stage addressing the audience again.
 Character 1-  Folks, before I begin tonight’s performance, I would like to request that you make any donations that you can spare to the continued operation of this theatre, and to keeping the entertainment you are about to receive at the highest quality as is possible.
 (smiles at ‘someone’ standing over the had with a donation)  Thank you sir, your generosity is greatly appreciated by both myself and these other fine folks in the audience.
 Now without further adieu, let the show begin.
 (begins to sing an off-key rendition of the song ‘feelings’) (Some time into the song, he stops, looks around and runs for the couch, where he picks up the book ‘how it ought to be’ by Rush Limbaugh)

he crowd comes to his aid just before leaving. He has started to explain to92m the0m audience that he
-
He still didn't seem happy to be sharing the same room with me, but the complete disgust from half an hour before had been replaced with something more measuring.
 In Spanish, Mrs. Tiggs took special delight in telling us that she'd started grading our tests and a couple of them weren't looking very good.
 I suffered through the last hour of school and then hurried to my locker.
 I didn't really want to meet up with Britney, but I also didn't want to alienate her any more than I already had.
 I shouldn't have even bothered.
 I waited around for a full fifteen minutes before finally heading over to the tutoring lab.
 Britney was watching the door when I arrived.
 She didn't even bother trying to mask the flash of satisfaction that crossed her face when I walked in late, obviously having spent the last little while waiting for her.
 I wanted to scream, or maybe cry.
 It was amazing how quickly a perfect day could go down the tubes.

uld keep in touch with for times but avoid the fiery temper, if needed92m.0m<eop><eod> Schwe<cls>
-
Even Mrs. Alexander had an amused smile on her kind face.
 "While there are certain types of vegetation that do indeed glow, I'm afraid I don't know of any natural phenomenon that would create the kind of effect you're referring to.
 Such a thing is still the provenance of science fiction writers."
 I knew I'd gotten a little carried away.
 The prime rule of high school survival involved avoiding situations people could use to ridicule you later, but I'd really wanted a rational explanation for my dreams.
 They seemed so real.
 I needed a friendly face to get me through the rest of class.
 Remembering Alec's smile from earlier, I looked over at him, hoping he'd return my sheepish grin.
 It was almost like he was a different person.
 The smile was gone.

hink to yourself when you're struggling to concentrate92m?0m How do you navigate life for granted when you
-
As I held his hands, I closed my eyes.
 I could not watch as I snapped his neck, the way I had with the small boar as my first show of magic to him so long ago.
 I placated myself by remembering he would soon be gone, his life so short.
 I held him until the daylight began to fade, and then carried his lifeless body into the village.
 Proof they would be attacked and killed, proof they must fight the elves.
 It was not hard to incite a riot.
 They were fearful creatures.
 I convinced them to raid the castle, gave them direction.
 And then I returned.
 I knew I would have time to prepare.

y walked92m five0m miles on our journey home, arguing my way to the key castle. I had only led
-
Eugene – Seven.
 Liz – Ok. (She draws her letters)  Done.
 Jim – Lemme see.
 Sweet mother of crap!
 How did you manage that?
 Liz – I don’t know.
 I think the bag was rigged.
 Karen – What’s wrong?
 Jim – We got the z, the q and the x all at once.
 Art – Lucky, you got all the good letters.

od pieces in various colours and lots of different ways and a size92m to0m make the string and ribbon
-
CM:  	And you made more money…
 BG:  	That’s right.
 I made more money.
 Shoot me.
 CM:  	There’s a rumor that there’s a bootleg album out there, a Black Lung bootleg, purportedly entitled Timetable Poison.
 BG:  	Or Turntable Paisan, depending on who you’re talking to.
 Sometimes called The Great Black Wonder, after you-know-what.
 CM:  	You know about it.
 BG:  	You’re being coy.
 It’s more than a rumor.

And you made more money92m.0m BG: You made more money. Aria<cls>
-
Where else could she be?
 "Marie?"
 He finally went out to the garden.
 She was way over by the pink roses, and he was surprised and dismayed to see her wearing her 1927 clothes.
 "Marie!"
 He ran over to her, but something about her stance when she looked up at him kept him from sweeping her into his arms like he wanted.
 "What are you doing?"
 he asked.
 She shrugged.
 "Trying to get home."

" she lied, shaking her head. "I had been finding out92m about0m my parents'
-
“What happened?” I asked, confused.
 My mouth tingled.
 “A little fairy dust.
 Breath of the siren.” “Wha’?” My tongue was thick.
 Steed chuckled.
 “Intoxicating, isn’t it?” I could hear the smile in his voice.
 My nose tingled and I scrunched it up, giggling at the feeling.
 I shook my head, trying to clear it.
 “Fairy breath?” “Red.
 She’s a half-breed.

ar breath? A b-” he said to himself, thinking92m over0m his apparent hunch.
-
Velixar lifted his hands to the sky, shouting out the last of the spell.
 The final command came shrieking forth from his lips.
 “ _Rise!_ ”
 In the distance, dark shapes rose from the grass.
 Four hundred bodies of men and elves marched silently away from town, back toward their master.
 Qurrah smiled.
 The macabre sight was beautiful.
 “What shall you do with them?” he asked.
 “They will join my army.
 Two thousand I now have.

die for one of them. It will take their six-year92m-0mold child, a pregnant woman
-
BG:  	It’s the same thing, ok?
 Same fucking thing.
 You think I don’t know that.
 It’s a companion piece.
 It’s meant to be ironic—you think I’m stupid and don’t see that they’re the same song.
 See, “Forget my Roots” is an inversion of “Burn my Bridges.”  You gotta compare the lyrics.
 I’m not gonna connect the dots for you, man, I’m the artist.
 You gotta meet me halfway.
 Ok?
 You dig?

omes on. I’92mm0m more of a Roman or Muslim or Orthodox Jew or modern-day man
-
Although he knew it would be torture, he went to his desk and dug out the pages about her.
 He scanned them for the information he wanted.
 Born 1904, daughter of Jefferson Tranton, one brother .
 .
 .
 The pages hadn't changed since the last time he'd read them.
 There was no mention of her life after age 23.
 He read the material more carefully, and then he reread it.
 He was actually rather relieved that he didn't have to read about her husband and children, but it seemed odd that the pages hadn't changed when she'd gone back.
 He snorted, shaking his head.

o read about yourself,' Adams Tranton said92m to0m him, looking a bit surprised that it
-
He laid it across his lap and looked at the ground.
 “I'm glad that you're okay and that you've finally through your stubbornness,” I said and gave him a small smile.
 “I just don't know what to tell them.” “Well, tell them everything,” I said.
 “Start in the beginning and don't hold anything back.
 If you do, I'll tell them the rest.” “Seth!” Jason said and ran over.
 “You're awake, man!” “Yes and I feel like crap,” he said.
 “I think that if I try to stand up I'll either pass out or throw up.” “Will you be okay flying?” Emily asked.
 “What?” I asked.
 “Flying?
 What do you mean 'flying', Emily?” “Our new dragon friend offered to fly us out of the woods region and towards more of the mountains.

92m!”0m Bryn's axe-hook swung through the air to the horizon and we waited for it to
-
Jim – Maybe if you’re lucky, and ask nicely, he’ll teach you about Canada.
 Then my beloved brother, you can pretend to fit in, but secretly work for the resistance forces.
 Liz – That just may work.
 Jim – You’re our only hope Johnny boy.
 All our hopes for freedom ride on your capable shoulders!
 To victory!
 Johnny – Then you’re screwed jack-ass, I’d rather stand in front of a speeding train and try to stop it with just my psychic powers than to spend an extra minute around that moron.
 Liz – Since when did you get Psychic powers?
 Jim – Hey do you do readings?
 I’d kinda like to know my future.

r Wishes! Liz – We deserve to get92m the0m right law. Jim – Well,
-
Once we stopped, I slid down Alec's back and looked around.
 The tiny cabin set back into the rocks before us blended into the hillside so well, I probably wouldn't have noticed it if Alec hadn't stopped so close.
 As soon as he was confident I could stand unaided, Alec gave me a reassuring smile, and then knocked gently on the door.
 The woman who appeared a few seconds later seemed frail in a way that somehow wasn't attributable to her graying hair, or slender frame.
 It wasn't until she released Alec from a hug, and slowly moved back into the cabin, that I realized it was how she moved that made her seem so old.
 Her motions reminded me of how my grandfather had moved the last few years before he'd died.
 Slowly, and with extra care, as if a careless action would leave him crumpled on the floor, racked with pain.
 "Mallory, I'd like to introduce you to Adriana Paige.
 Adriana, Mallory."
 I smiled, and gingerly offered my hand to her, which she clasped in both of hers.

eting Alec, through92m the0m broad open door, Olivia walked in. I greeted Olivia, and then sat down
-
What do you want me for?
 The elves…‌they sent you to attack me, didn’t they?
 Whatever they paid you, I can double it.
 Triple it!”
 Qurrah shook his head.
 “No elf hired us, and no gold was put in our pockets.”
 The flaming whip appeared, charring grass as it touched the ground.
 “Then what do you want with me?” the man shrieked.
 “You’ll see,” Harruq whispered into his ear before backing away.
 The eyes of the nobleman grew wider, and panic gripped him entirely.

t with me? I don’t have to come down here! The spark of an electric whip92m flashed0m
-
"The deal was I would come up here so you could sleep.
 You aren't going to fall asleep if the light is on and you're staring at me."
 "Fine, the light can be off, but I get to ask you questions still, and you need to start giving me real answers."
 The chuckle was a little more resigned, but he didn't argue, so I launched into my first question before I'd really thought it through.
 "What...I mean, you're all so different..." I trailed off into silence worried he was going to be mad.
 "I think you meant to ask what I am."
 Alec sighed, but it wasn't an angry sigh, so I nodded, forgetting for a moment that he couldn't see me in the darkness.
 "We share a little in common with a bunch of different legends, but none get it quite right.
 In short, we're shape shifters, people who can take the form of animals."
 I'd already seen that for myself, but it was strangely exhilarating to hear him admit it.

like it could be taken from his fingers just because it could. That couldn't92m possibly0m have been
-
Many of the keep employees and their family members lived in Raven Town.
 Luckily for Rodregas, there was a turn off almost immediately that let him circle around the edge of town and then start heading out of the valley.
 He went north toward the town of Cruet.
 As dusk was falling there was little traffic.
 Luckily this part of the road was well cleared and open and the horses were fresh so he made headway even as it became dark.
 He pushed hard until he reached the fork that headed west up into the hills.
 It was seldom traveled by anyone except fur trappers.
 Rodregas pushed on through the night and into the sunrise of the next day until even the horse that had been Korin’s ride, which he had tied to the back of the wagon, seemed to be tired and ready for rest.
 He stopped and let the animals take a break next to a small creek.
 Rodregas was not sure what would happen when the relief guards went to the tower and found the other guards tied up, apparently by Ravenhurr himself.

 were all family members in the jail. Out of here there would be no doubt that somewhere92m in0m the
-
The others nodded appreciatively, but I was having second thoughts about friendship with this man.
 Though not being his friend was probably more dangerous.
 I was shaking my head in disbelief as he turned back to me and bowed.
 He stepped back, taking a seat as the wiry man stepped inside the circle then.
 He nodded to me.
 Grey.
 He was thoughtful for a moment, deciding the best way to display his skill, before finally approaching to offer his hand.
 I reached forward, placing my palm against his, and then he was gone.
 His entire body had vanished.
 I half expected to feel his touch—perhaps he’d merely camouflaged himself—but my hand was empty.

n the middle of my sight. Grey. Sleek. Yar92m Mag0m Rumm. Yet untouched.
-
I also wanted a solid clarification that I was only going to meet on my terms, just as I had in my fictitious deal.
 Did I mention I am in sales?
 Telling her I sold the drugs to someone else is the classic “take-away” which creates an urgency and desire to comply.
 She said they would buy the Oxys and they would meet me where I wanted.
 She assured me that there would be no bullshit this time.
 I told her I would call her and give her the meeting place after I filled the prescription.
 I called the lead narcotics officer and informed him of my conversation.
 Again he was amazed at my creativity with the concoction of the take away story.
 I told him why I did it that way and that I only wanted to wear a wire one more time.
 He said to call him to confirm the timing.

ng more pressure from the initial meeting came through92m.0m I was not very lucky with the flu and Carib
-
"I just wish I was the one you wanted most."
 She caught her breath, covering her mouth with her hand and running from the room.
 Rick hated himself for pushing her like that, but he couldn't seem to help it.
 He was desperate.
 He knew now that he could keep her here, but how could he do that when she wanted so much to go home?
 He ordered Chinese, and Marie came down just after it arrived.
 She saw the cartons and silently went to pour two glasses of tea.
 Rick slid his arms around her from behind.
 "I love you."
 She didn't respond, pulling away from him to carry the glasses to the table.

 ready to help bring more people over to92m the0m D/C party tonight.<eop> Two more drinks and
-
Ok.  Shit, it’s only a minute twenty four seconds.
 I was just goofing around.
 And, hey, I like McCartney’s love song to his dog.
 You mean Martha, right?
 You ever loved a dog, man?
 CM: 	“Flower King” we did.
 BG: 	Right.
 CM: 	“Beverly’s Box?”
 BG:  	Sex song.
 CM:  	Really?

m"Mother". What else? MG: What if the
-
Liz – Gene, the most sought after phone prankster on the planet…
 Jim – We know a legend.
 Liz – But why can’t we know a good kind of legend?
 Like an athlete or a movie-star?
 Why does it have to be an evil-wannabe prankster?
 Jim – Beggars can’t be choosers I guess.
 Liz – But I didn’t want it!
 Doesn’t that count for anything?
 Jim – Sorry, no.
 You’re doomed to be apart of the Gene Saga just like the rest of us.

 them.92m We0m know they just cannot choose. Jim – They want entertainment. Liz –
-
“I’ll only end up hurting you.”
 “You won’t,” she said.
 “Here.
 Strike me with your blade.”
 The half-orc’s jaw dropped a little.
 “You’ve lost your mind?”
 “I said hit me, orc!” Aurelia shouted.
 Harruq snarled, and out came his weapons.
 He swung for her face, turning the blade at the last moment so the flat side struck her.
 The sword smacked off Aurelia’s cheek as if she were made of stone.

ese, 92ms0mlut-girl. Get out now, tdam-off. Her
-
The ground had spots of grass sticking out of sand and rock.
 Luckily, there was no wind down here to toss up the sand and dirt.
 I think I passed the spot where the Kojas had stood in my dream.
 I threw the thoughts out of my head and tried to think of something else.
 Like, where this flat plain of flatness ended.
 “Where are we going, anyway?” I asked and stared at the sky.
 It was going to get dark soon.
 He looked up at me through his hair.
 I could see the curved end of his lip, which met he was smiling.
 “Do we ever know, Jazell?” “Good point.” *** Emily couldn't sleep.

2m nice0m chauffeur me on the train home. They could have used a woman, but I didn't
-
It could also be a reason that the gods answered my prayers and helped me succeed against Ravenhurr.” “So the Gods might not be against all Immortalists, but just the ones who are tapping into the Infernal power?” asked Doi’van.
 “All Immortalists deserve to die for their crimes,” Rodregas answered.
 His angry response did not surprise the others.
 “Agreed,” said Doi’van, raising his hand in a calming gesture, “but it might be helpful to understand what the gods will support us doing.” “True,” Rodregas added.
 “Doi’van, do you remember the names of the other Immortalists who were interested in purchasing you for their rituals?” “I heard no names,” Doi’van answered, “but I heard one of them referred to as ‘The Ambassador.’ They treated him with great respect.
 I understood he was a very important person.” “I wonder if that is Ambassador Van’dret?” asked Jordaan.
 “He is a powerful Immortalist and said to be very close to Taiga.
 Some claim he is one of the few people that Taiga both respects and trusts.” “Ambassador Van’dret?” Rodregas responded thoughtfully.
 “He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
 Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.

 Ari-To-Gitter of92m the0m Royal Society where to shop. ‘And he asked
-
I could barely see.
 Or maybe something was covering my face.
 When I screamed the sound was lost.
 I tried again, but suddenly I was mute.
 Blind, mute and still.
 And yet I knew everyone was dying.
 Running and screaming and dying.
 I jerked upright in bed, gasping.
 My ears were ringing.
 There was something wet on my face.

o wet, and in a way it was too much for my ear to listen92m to0m. It
-
Then another rattle that didn't end sounded, vibrating all around us.
 Another seemed to join it, then another and another until the noise was unbearably loud.
 Sick, quiet laughter sounded all around us.
 It giggled and laughed in amusement, shrieking at us.
 The laughter stopped, but the rattle didn't.
 But whatever it was, it surrounded us.
 The four of us pressed together.
 “This is the prey?” a rake-like voice cackled.
 “This is nothing!” I saw Seth draw his sword and the rest of us readied our weapons.
 I gripped my bow so hard that I was afraid it might break in two.

ved away. I could see it watch92m an0m arrow..<eop> At around 11:30, Seth said that he
-
But who cares, I’m in love Jim.
 Jim – How do you know?
 I mean this is rather sudden, how do you know that you’re in love?
 Art – How?
 I dunno, It’s just a feeling, I remember what it feels like from when I fell in love with your mother.
 Took me a while to recognize it the first time, but now that I know how it feels, well there’s no mistaking.
 This is great.
 You outta try it sometime Jim, it’s great.
 Jim – You know you sound like an older kid trying to get a younger one to try some new drug.
 Art – Do I really?

eak to him. I know you’re good Art. I know you beat some92m of0m the blacks
-
Marie raised wide eyes to Rick's face as they stood to leave.
 "Was that man who was on fire hurt?"
 "No.
 He'll do another show in a couple of hours."
 "How do they do that?"
 "The jacket is made out of some kind of special material."
 That was the most amazing stunt she saw that day, but there were dozens of special effects and props that filled her with wonder.
 They took a tour of the movie lot, and Marie was excited to see the sets of some of the movies Rick had rented for her.
 The tram they rode crossed a bridge that shook as if it would collapse, and she screamed, clutching Rick's arm.
 A giant shark swam up to the tram as it crossed a river, and as they later emerged from a forest, it began raining, and a flood rushed toward them.

than just a92m rain0mstorm? Long thunderstorms? How could they be in those circumstances? From the
-
“Yes, but why?”
 Harruq shrugged.
 “Thought she was being clever?
 Who knows!
 But I can spell my name now!”
 “Good for you,” Aurelia laughed.
 “Now go on home, you bother me.”
 “Well fine then,” the half-orc said, feigning insult.
 “I see someone’s jealous I saw it before she did.”
 Harruq dodged the first two springs of water but the third one caught him square in the face.

onto the horse and inserted his mouth into the water.<eop> The first spring92m was0m just a wet full
-
Especially considering how many parallels there were between her story, and mine.
 I kept looking at the clock, and the later it got, the more certain I was that Principal Gossil was just about to get on the loudspeaker and call out the winners of the drawing.
 The last two minutes of lunch dragged on forever, but then the bell rang and I was left sitting stunned as Brandon and his friends stood to go.
 I let Brandon help me to my feet, hardly noticing the way his touch left my hand tingling, and headed off to class.
 It was stupid, but I couldn't help feeling this was yet another sign I wasn't going to win a ticket.
 I tried to shake the feeling during History, but was still fighting it when I walked into Physics.
 In a departure from his normal routine, Alec was already seated when I arrived.
 I flipped open my notebook and tried to distract myself with a brief sketch, only to tear the page out and ball it up as the bell rang.
 I looked up to see Alec staring at me, which just made me mad.
 It was completely unfair.

92m'0ms the teacher! I thought. The class was short, and ended up taking just over fifteen
-
Alec slowly crossed the distance between us, and took my shoulders in his hands.
 "Please don't try and take the blame for this.
 We've been on a collision course with Brandon's pack for years."
 His touch was intoxicating.
 I could feel warm tingles start from my shoulders and work their way down my arms.
 A full two seconds of silence passed before I realized he'd asked me why I'd come downstairs.
 "I can't sleep.
 I've been trying, but I'm too wound up to do anything but just lie there.
 I thought I'd come downstairs and talk to you instead.
 I mean, unless it's bothering you.

 stopped about half an hour away before I even considered my request. Alec took92m in0m a walk along the
-
Britney was waiting outside with her heater going full blast.
 I was surprised at how cold it was with the sun still struggling to get above the mountains.
 Of course it wasn't cold enough for me to need a heater, but I also wasn't wearing Britney's shorts, which looked like they were even shorter than the ones she'd worn the day before.
 It was amazing what the administration was letting everyone get away with.
 Of course, if I had legs like some of these girls, I'd probably be joining in.
 Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
 The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.
 Of course it also stopped me from digging further into the mystery of why it was so dangerous to hike.
 That particular question would probably have to wait at least until lunch.
 Mrs. Sorenson looked up as I walked into a nearly empty class, but I was on time, even if only barely.

six college kids with zero social skills, which I had wanted to administer.92m I0m went through the list
-
Many of his belongings had obviously come from my defunct store.
 Thomas was dealing drugs on a very large scale and was about to be busted.
 There were a couple of occasions when I was at his home in Sacramento when the cocaine was piled so high on his glass top dining table that you needed to be careful that it did not slide off on the floor.
 Scales were pushed tightly up to the edge of the mound of white rocky powder as if to build a barrier around it.
 Sometimes several people would be working in sync doing everything from cutting the cocaine to increase profits to weighing it and bagging it for sale.
 The cocaine was put in small baggies or tiny glass vials in as little as one gram or scooped into zip lock bags weighing up to one pound.
 The constant consumption of the cocaine by the helpers appeared to be the payment for the effort of assisting in the process.
 People would come and go as they purchased their cocaine all day and all night.
 The big buyers would be treated to a sampling right out of the giant pile.
 Thomas would drag out a “rock” of cocaine from the massive pile and crack it open as if he was cutting a diamond.

chase his cocaine hard and cold until92m the0m next three months at the highest price on the market. The lock
-
Davis was breathing hard.
 She didn't take her eyes off him as he stood up.
 "Make sure your mother tells you what your duties are once we're married."
 He strode out of the house, heading for Mae's.
 Marie stared after him.
 She knew about sex.
 But-but .
 .
 .
 she'd thought it would be something pleasant.

ine down and started to open it. The evening turned into sessions of erotica92m and0m sketching.
-
They had discarded their bows and drawn swords, wielding them with a precision his men would be blessed to ever match.
 They didn’t need to, for they had numbers, momentum, and morale.
 When Antonil shoved to the front line, they also had leadership.
 The sixty dwindled to forty before fleeing.
 “Give chase,” Antonil shouted.
 “Those in the back, flush them out of the houses.”
 Velixar watched the Neldaren army scatter, some chasing elves down streets, others barging into locked homes.
 Screams of pain and dying, although just few and random, filled the air.
 He drank it in and smiled.
 “Where are you my disciples?” he asked.

 A significant and changed man asked. Velix92mar0m recognized the man as Dominic Ab<cls>
-
I've been shooting it at pretty much all hours, but I think I need to get higher up for the shot I want."
 I knew exactly where this was going.
 Actually, I was kind of relieved she wasn't going to be around this afternoon.
 Birthdays are supposed to be special.
 Dad had always understood that and done an amazing job of surprising us with something new and unusual on our birthdays.
 Mom had always felt like a round of happy birthdays and a cake more than met the requirements for birthday specialness.
 It was going to be hard enough missing Dad on the one day guaranteed to make me think of him.
 It would've been worse if Mom was around constantly making comparisons between what she was doing and what Dad would've done.
 "...so this is the only day he can help me, and if I don't get some help climbing, then I'll never make it high enough to get the shot for the tourism booklet.
 You understand, don't you, sweetie?"

2m on0m thinking of my favorite model: Madame, Victoria Petty, Dora Design Top. It'
-
He ran over to her, but something about her stance when she looked up at him kept him from sweeping her into his arms like he wanted.
 "What are you doing?"
 he asked.
 She shrugged.
 "Trying to get home."
 His heart plummeted.
 "Why didn't you come tell me?"
 She just shrugged again.
 "I-I'll go sit on the patio and wait for you."
 "That's OK.

?"92m He0m just HAD to hear her voice. Fishing and Summer and the
-
The cool water trickled down my face, calming the heat of my pulse.
 But it didn’t clear my head.
 I still couldn’t understand.
 A painful fear shot through me, and I tilted my head forward to run through the growth.
 Vines, thorns and leaves turned to muddy ash as they touched my outstretched arms, wet with rain.
 When I reached the edge of the onetime garden, I stopped to kneel, digging my fingers deep into the soil to form a trench.
 When I saw the bared roots, black and rotted, I was suddenly exhausted.
 It was too much.
 It took me to that familiar, mindless place, and I turned to walk toward home, void of any sensation save the slow rain on my skin.
 When I entered the house, Fannie was there, but I only trudged past her on the way to my room.

rd the Brance house, unnoticed by me. We walked up the driveway, drove to the back92m of0m
-
I wasn’t thinking, period.
 Anyway, Lor knows all this—it’s cool, it’s cool.
 Lorelei, you gotta understand, is amazing, she’s like so together, and she understands human nature and sees it for the shoddy stuff that it is, and she accepts everything, man, like all human interaction is innocent, you dig?
 I mean, it hurt her, yeah, she’s human.
 But, she knew I wouldn’t do anything like this lightly.
 She knew it must have been some kind of deep cut for me to persist in it for, what, a couple weeks, a little longer.
 It took a while to get this angel out of my blood—it was like going for detox, you know?
 Shit.
 (laughs) What were we talking about?
 Oh—the song, yeah, anyway, that’s what the song is about, that lost time, that time I went away and came back.

ht? I mean, Mark,92m I0m mean, laying Boke on the ground, mean,
-
Since she wasn’t likely to fool her reader, she needed to be real,
 The Gachi, by Susan Salguero: She wasn’t the only angry woman at U.C.
 Berkeley.
 Edgy but unaware of the reasons, she only knew she had to flee.
 A passion for music delivered her to Spain.
 There she staked her life on Flamenco
 Million Dollar Man, by Jared Brown: A phone call from a neighbor reporting a suspicious character at his home sends Jared Brown, a family man and Christian psychologist, to jail and other places on the outskirts of hell.
 The Parable of Harry Potter, by Nicole L. Rivera addresses each of the seven books of Harry’s story as guides to exploring life’s deepest truths.
 Discover wisdom about friendship, courage, loyalty, and love from the Boy-Who-Lived and his magical friends.
 

ana Marie Sillick: Stories the authors will combine with subtle themes of humor92m,0m self-examination
-
His shoulders hunched, and his head lowered as a reluctant bit of shame stung his words.
 “The blood of both elves and orcs fills my veins.”
 He expected to be scoffed, mocked, or banished.
 Instead, Velixar laughed.
 “Such blasphemy against the elven goddess,” he said.
 “Appropriate, so appropriate.
 You have sworn your life to me, half-orc.
 You should learn what you stand to gain.”
 The cloaked man reached across the fire.
 His fingers brushed Qurrah’s pale face.

own. Thoseion, it seemed,92m had0m been a savage enemy her entire life, anguish
-
I just want to know what you would do if I contacted you and told you that Steve was meeting me to buy one-hundred Oxys?
 What is your job responsibility in that case?” “We would do our job if someone called and informed us of a drug deal,” Officer White said.
 “If I am able to get Steve busted, would that count for my son’s deal?” I asked.
 The officer and his sergeant left the room for about ten minutes before returning to tell me that it would.
 “We are not condoning or encouraging this in any way,” Officer White insisted.
 That was all I needed.
 Now Brandon and I would need to work out the rest.
 Chapter 17: A Father’s Devotion Brandon became my coach: In order to convincingly portray a drug supplier, I had to know the lingo.
 I had to know the system.
 I was miles from toot and half an ocean from weed.

lish, and one thing is there92m in0m life...<eop> The first thing was to get Brandon to
-
Rachel and her sinister sidekick James, check.
 I smiled at Rachel and then flipped open my math book.
 Everything went just like normal, and promptly at five I closed my binder and started stuffing books into my backpack.
 I looked up to find Rachel standing in front of my table.
 "Are you ready?
 James had to leave early, but don't worry, we've still got a ride home."
 I think I managed to keep the disappointment off of my face.
 Rachel at least didn't seem to notice.
 Somehow I'd lost track of the fact that it was a Wednesday, and Brandon therefore wouldn't be taking me home.
 "Great.

 Jamison and Egg Ale.<eop><eod> Good morning. Good night. Of92m course0m<sep> I
-
In less than a year he would snort everything he could get his hands on.
 He was stealing money from the checking account and drop-shipping inventory from our business directly to drug dealers to feed his habit.
 My own brother Thomas was one of the many drug dealers receiving this merchandise for pennies on the dollar in exchange for cocaine and marijuana.
 This would be one of the many actions that would drive a wedge between Thomas and me as drugs and money started to always come before family.
 It hurt me deeply to contemplate Thomas’s complete disregard for our relationship as brothers and his choice to take this merchandise from my addicted partner while knowing full well that it would financially destroy my business and thus me.
 Pete had already disappeared for several weeks when I discovered what he was doing, but it was too late and the business closed within a month after the invoices for all of these portable spas and waterbeds started arriving.
 The checking account had been completely drained of any operating capital.
 Bad business partner, and bad best friend: My girlfriend at the time, Karen, had hidden her drug habit from me, and by the time I discovered it she had emptied our joint savings account and was screwing my ex-partner/best friend, Pete.
 They were both very addicted to cocaine and I guess they belonged together because neither one of them belonged with me.
 I went to her apartment where I caught them together.

into mountains hLook at the mountains for more than a minute, and at92m the0m bottom for a
-
That was the only way to explain the million of cuts and bruises I gained from fighting creatures.
 The truth is that I have really great balance, which I had gained from so much fighting.
 I was a little klutzy when I was small, so it was easy for my parents to believe I still was.
 Mom placed the food on the table.
 “Dinner!”
 After dinner I went straight up stairs to go to sleep.
 And hopefully my phone wouldn’t stop me like it did most nights.
 Monsters loved to come out at night and cause trouble.
 They never seem to rest, much to my annoyance.
 I sighed and rolled over, burying my face in my pillow.

just got really crazy. Thousands of92m Tu0mscan monsters killed hundreds of people all over the driving area
-
She caught her mother's look and smiled.
 "Yes, I really am still a virgin.
 But I'll admit--to you and to no one else, Mother--that that's just because Rick is a gentleman.
 And because he always put what was best for me before what he wanted.
 We would kiss and kiss and kiss, and then he'd stop and tell me we had to stop, or we'd end up making love.
 And I was never the one to stop, Mother.
 The more passionate the kisses became, the more I wanted.
 I-I really didn't understand until my last evening with him that we couldn't just kiss forever, that eventually kisses wouldn't be enough.
 If he hadn't stopped, we would have gone on and on and on until--"  She caught her breath, biting her lip and fixing her eyes on the handkerchief she was clenching.
 Mrs. Tranton leaned forward, putting a hand on her daughter's knee.

, Kyle. "No, please, please, please. No No. No92m.0m Just
-
There is growing support in the United States for establishment of a national youth apprenticeship training programme that combines classroom schooling with on-the-job skills training to ensure a smooth transition to employment for those who do not pursue higher education.
 11.Link demilitarization to urban employment: The military possesses both the expertise and the physical infrastructure for training large numbers of people in a wide range of technical, vocational and social skills.
 Building upon success ful US Defence Department programmes that re-deploy soldiers to assist troubled inner city youth, closed military bases can be converted into large training centres operated by military teaching staff for instructing and housing urban unemployed youth during an apprenticeship period.
 12.Promote integrated urban development programmes: The Atlanta Project is a bold attempt to evolve a new type of organization to address the problems of inner city poverty and unemployment.
 The inner city of Atlanta, Georgia, has been divided into clusters in which members of the local community work closely with the staff of major corporations, voluntary agencies, religious groups and a wide range of government agencies to identify and promote employment opportunities and other poverty-alleviation activities.
 13.Promote organizational innovation: In recent years, large firms have made significant strides in improving their speed, efficiency and flexibility of response to changing market conditions by restructuring operations into independent companies and autonomous profit-centres.
 Small firms need to develop new types of organizations to help them acquire some of the benefits of larger size.
 An innovative experiment has been launched by two dozen small precision-manufacturing, defence contractors in the state of Kansas, with the support of the US Defence Department, to combine their technical, organizational and marketing resources for diversification into non-defence production.
 Initiatives of this type can help strengthen the 12,000 small tool and die-making companies in the United States as well as millions of other small companies in other industries and other countries.
 14.National service organizations: National service programmes can be very successful vehicles for providing training and valuable work experience to youth before they enter the labour market.

nts put their children into a job-watch period in a camp in the south92m of0m the country from October
-
Ashley fell nicely into all of the comments the police wanted to record.
 I was told by Officer White to tell her I could meet her in a couple of days as I was out of town.
 I told her I would call her when I returned and after work hours.
 She agreed and the call ended.
 At the time, I didn’t understand why we didn’t just go do the deal right away, but the cops needed to get a crew together and do all this planning for the bust.
 Once this part of the deal was confirmed, the officer left the room and returned with a stack of documents for me to sign.
 I didn’t read much of it because it didn’t really matter what it said.
 They were the documents that they needed to cover their asses, period!
 Two nervous days passed before I got the go-ahead and a time and location for the drug deal.
 I was instructed to call Ashley and tell her the time but not to commit to the location.

 avoid having to think about going after her or even passing92m an0m eye again, but I short-circuit
-
“So you felt like getting us back?” Jason asked.
 Emily glared at him, “You deserved it because you soaked us too.” “So,” he rolled his eyes, “you thought you could just ambush us.
 Have you learned nothing and that we might want revenge now.
 Then you will and so on.
 You’ve started a really long war.” “Who says the penguins can’t win a war, huh?
 We just won right now,” Emily said.
 “The penguins?” “Does that really matter?” she hissed.
 “You’re on.” Jason smirked, “Alright then, penguins, if you want a water war, you got one.” “You’re on too!” This whole time Seth didn’t say a word, which was strange.
 Usually Seth did all the talking while Jason stood watching but now Jason was doing all the talking and Seth was the one watching.
 He stood there and seemed unmoved from being soaked by my water gun.

 Follow me up92m,0m you can find some sting-resistant water guns in your rooms.<eop><eod>
-
Power?
 How many died to better your miserable excuse of a life?”
 Another twist.
 Qurrah leaned forward, clutching at his tormenter’s shaking hands.
 Words spilled from the half-orc’s mouth, garbled and nearly unintelligible.
 “What is it you wish to say to me?” the elf asked, ignoring the flailing hands that pawed at his face.
 “ _Hemorrhage,_ ” the half-orc hissed.
 The elf’s face exploded.
 Qurrah fell over onto his side, breathing as slowly as he could through the blood that filled his throat.
 The dead body of the elf crumpled in front of him, all of his hate-filled features gone from his face except for a single eye.

 his0m hair was gone as well as some of his skin. Transmited by the fire. He
-
(laughs)
 CM:  	Well…
 BG: 	It’s ok, we’re all being tested, right?
 Shoot.
 Association.
 CM:  	Association.
 BG:  	(laughs) Oh.
 Um…
 CM:  	First thing you think of.
 BG:  	Could have been better.

 Range. Yeah92m.0m BG: And...
-
My first successful story was called “Cars”.
 It tells of two young fellows who lost their fathers.
 Henry Swift and his best friend Bingo, who lands in a nursing home after a car wreck.
 He can’t speak or do much of anything except wheel his chair in widening circles.
 Whenever Henry encounters a crisis or challenge, he goes to Bingo and bares his soul but never gets an answer.
 Maybe on account of being an only child, ever since I can remember, I have longed for a best friend to whom I could tell all the crazy stuff I think and feel.
 A best friend is what I hoped Karen Flagstad could be.
 I used to think, with someone who could know my secrets and also douse the fire in me and thereby keep me from all the nonsense men do on account of women, I could live content and free.
 I won’t argue the chicken and egg question, does our desire for intimacy rise out of our need for God, or is our belief in God the desperate attempt to satisfy that inborn desire for intimacy.
 But I’m placing my bets on the former, the need for God answer.

gh my week this was92m actually0m one of the most popular short stories I have ever heard. It makes me
-
Instead I'd been greeted by nothing but half-filled boxes and silence.
 I didn't really want to unpack, but it was long past needing to be done and I knew if I left it to Mom that we'd never really get moved in.
 If I'd had anything even remotely better to do with my Friday night, I would have done it.
 I didn't, so I started with the stuff that we'd piled in the living room because it was marginally cooler downstairs.
 I got into a decent rhythm, opening boxes, pulling out the stuff that I could easily put away, and then consolidating what was left into fewer boxes.
 I was on my fourth box when it happened.
 Mom's jewelry box had somehow got packed into a box labeled 'old photography gear'.
 As I pulled it out to set it to one side, it slipped from my hands.
 The glittering deluge of chains and bracelets that went sliding across the floor would have made me feel bad enough all by themselves, but there was a proverbial scorpion nestled in the midst of all that shininess.
 I'd thrown mine out shortly after the accident.

as looking with92m the0m mind. You know how I commune with the soul when I'm reeling
-
The largest stepped forward, boasting deep brown hair and eyes.
 He wore plain clothing but his broad shoulders and massive size made him seem regal.
 “They name me Anvil but I am Reed, of Keithar Peak.” His voice was thick, though it was impossible to tell whether it was an accent or he had difficulty speaking.
 He was huge, frighteningly so, but something about him drew me in.
 I wanted to be his friend for no reason I could rationalize.
 He walked to me and reached out his hand in greeting.
 As I took it in mine, a tingle ran up my arm, the fine hairs standing on end.
 Anvil smiled.
 “Apologies.
 I will try to avoid touching you.” “It’s fine, really,” I said, though I didn’t understand.

nd was away from my arm. My grandfather nodded. “But92m in0m the spirit of a good guide
-
“I guess it is possible he was our father, although I feel it more likely a coincidence.
 Our mother was intelligent, at least for an orc, but was she smart enough to leave us clues within our own names?”
 “Well, he’s dead now, so we’ll never know,” Harruq said, tossing the blade onto the floor.
 Qurrah, however, was far from dismayed.
 He grinned at his brother and then spoke in his hissing voice.
 “Would you like to have a conversation with our dear old dad?” he asked.
 * Chapter 12 Chapter 12{{{1 12
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 The body of Ahrqur Tun’del lay atop several strange markings and shapes drawn in the dirt.

n on the jalben in the first movement.92m and0m crouched down shortly after. A group of
-
BG:  	Well, no one wants to give her any credit and all that bullshit, you know, so we’re not going to—Lor doesn’t want us to, like, make a big deal out of it.
 It’ll be on the next album, though.
 Lorelei just lays down this beautiful rill, man, running like a crystal stream behind me…it’s fucking beautiful.
 CM:  	Can you sing any of it?
 BG:  	Uh.
 (hums a bit).
 Naw.
 I don’t remember it.
 The lyrics, though, they’re the best I’ve written.
 The tops.

ctually92m.0m I was awful at my songs. Where else could I go? In fact,
-
I knelt down and smacked him across his good cheek.
 “Ow, what was that for?” he grunted.
 “I don’t have enough bruises for your liking?” “That’s for being a jerk and not telling us you were going to fight Kojas on your own,” I said angrily.
 “Hey in my defense, he found me first.” I opened my mouth to say something smart, but I hear Emily scream.
 I turned around to see Jason crash into a tree and not move.
 Seth jumped up and grabbed his sword from the ground.
 He ran for Kojas.
 Kojas turned around and looked like a kid on Christmas morning.
 He raised his sword to block Seth’s blow.
 Seth pulled back and parried Kojas’ swing.

t-shirt and jeans. He looked like92m a0m kid on Christmas morning. At the start
-
So I was indiscriminately borrowing from everywhere, from any 45 that came across my little portable spinner, it was all equal, you know, it was all music, Lee Hazlewood or Howlin’ Wolf or Roy Orbison or Serge Gainsbourg.
 I remember I had this Terry Callier 45, “Look at me Now,” and I thought it was every bit as good as “Rock Around the Clock” or the Sun stuff or “Lemon Tree”—(laughs)—I didn’t know, man,  I mean it all seemed good to me.
 And I taught myself to play it all.
 CM:  	This was what year?
 BG:  	Lessee, I was nine or ten so…
 CM: 	And that’s your earliest musical memory?
 BG:  	Yeah.
 Oh, naw, no.
 I mean, I was about five and my parents had this set of records, this Reader’s Digest set, and there was this one song that I fell in love with on it, used to go around the house, scatting it, at five.
 It was “I Can’t Get Started” by Bunny Berigan.

 down it to death and plays it every—I mean, my brother starts92m it0m for me
-
Skippy was my sounding board.
 When I first played him “Blues for Wendy Ward,” he cried.
 I mean, he was great.
 Is great.
 I love him, you know.
 CM:  	Is there a Wendy Ward?
 BG:  	Uh, that’s not for public consumption.
 The public, you know, is barely able to sit up and eat solid food.
 They don’t need truth.
 CM:  	But, you did write a lot from your life, yes?

was personal. It was extremely personal.<eop><eod>92m 0mLM: Well, what
-
He held it out to Qurrah, who took it with great reverence.
 “With but a thought it will strike as you wish,” his master told him.
 “Let it learn your heart, and you will find it more than sufficient.” Velixar held out his arms and smiled at the two half-orc brothers.
 They both knelt before him, basking in his unhidden power.
 “It is time you used these gifts.
 Not far is a small village.
 Go to it.
 Slaughter everyone without exception.”
 Harruq’s muscles screamed for use.
 He could barely register the request asked of him.

es smiled across the plain, growing more unwavering. “I mean92m,0m when I heard that
-
Oh yes, this would hurt.
 I loosed my cloak and pitched it aside, lowering myself in a defensive stance, hands out and ready.
 Crack!
 Okay, not ready.
 “Ow!
 Mother Earth!” I yelled.
 Blood trickled from the strike point.
 Ruby giggled.
 “Okay, we start slower.” She considered for a moment.
 “Maybe we work on your attacks instead of defense.” I relaxed my stance.

fight92m and0m you could make his defense weak. She grinned. “Do you want to try something?”
-
I’m sure you’ve heard why.”
 “Are you going to join them?” he asked.
 The elf nodded.
 “They are my family.
 This is my home.
 I cannot abandon them.”
 Harruq’s heart skipped, and the words of his brother echoed in his head.
 He had to make her understand.
 “Aurry, I’m asking you, please don’t fight.
 You aren’t needed.

the help of you92m.0m”<eop> “Thanks, my blade and dagger handle most of my combat. I
-
He knew that the Guild had a representative at the Cathedral but had not expected him to be so closely watching the registration table.
 Rodregas fell into old habits of survival.
 He kept his eyes to himself and let himself feel the tiredness of travel on the road.
 When it became his turn, Rodregas stood there silently.
 The knight, an older man with a short gray beard, who was missing his left hand, waved him forward.
 The Knight Captain slowly looked up at the tall figure before him and after a quick examination went to the oddly mismatched pair that stood at each shoulder.
 “You are a squire who wishes to register for the tournament?” asked the Knight Captain.
 While the Knight had probably asked this to a lot of people that day, his tone suggested real curiosity.
 Rodregas grunted acknowledgment and dropped his hand with the Patch of his Knightly Chapter in it.
 The Knight Captain picked it up and studied the detailed patterns woven into the fabric.

brown with faded dusty black strips woven throughout the middle. The paper was already ripped off and92m the0m pages
-
I thought living with mom was bad.
 Liz – Well you can always come…
 (Eugene comes on stage)
 Eugene – I’ve been looking all over for you guys.
 Jim – Well I’ve been right here for the last several hours.
 Liz – I was mingling with my guests, and then I had to go and talk with mother about the show.
 Eugene – Well since I found you, I got some great news.
 Jim – The Canadian advance has been halted?
 Liz – (laughs)
 Eugene – What the hell are you talking about?

 prepared the night before. Liz92m 0m– We made the trip to Ottawa and there were
-
"I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophecy, your old men shall dream dreams."
 Zoë’s mom, though a little weakened and weary, looks ecstatic as though dancing in a circle of angels, and I am caught up in a love bigger than before.
 I want to cradle my new daughter (very carefully), forever.
 All at once, I want to hold Zoë, Pam, Darcy, Cody, my cousins, ancestors, descendants.
 God and everybody.
 Me v. God
 As it appears I’m too attached to the world to live for and with God like Brother Lawrence did, I try to console myself by thinking of one of my favorite writers, Andre Dubus.
 In “A Father’s Story”, he tells about Luke, a horse breeder who attempts to live in God’s will yet finds himself needing to choose between what he believes is right in God’s eyes and his daughter’s well-being.
 He chooses for the daughter.
 I confess to finding myself more sympathetic with Luke than with the patriarch Abraham.

hard time with his grandmother and is trying to make a final choice in his life92m,0m either for his
-
“Kill all you like half-ling, but that won’t help you in the end.
 You will pay heavily in a terrible death worth all the loyal lives you’ve slayed,” the dwarf proclaimed, and his friends bellowed out an agreement.
 “I don’t care what the heck you say about dying because nothing will stop me from killing all of you!
 You’re making no apparent sense at all, and I don’t care what stupid message you’re trying to send me!” I hissed so bad I think that I spit.
 Gross.
 “Oh but you will care, half-ling.” The dwarf was now whispering and all the others had fallen silent so they could hear.
 “You will care because in the end, he will destroy you once he’s done using you.” My arms were still tense and my muscles whined in protest as I held my arrow back in full draw.
 “Use me to do what?” I spoke, using the same tone as him.
 The dwarf’s eyes were twinkling in happiness.
 He seemed happy to tell me the answer.

 deserve it and it’s worth it, half-ling.92m I0m don’t care what
-
I chained up my bike and walked over to the plastic blue table my friends had occupied.
 I slid in next to Emily, who was talking about some book she had read recently.
 Jason, who sat next to her, was pretending to be fascinated by her rant.
 Emily stopped in mid-sentence when she noticed me sitting beside her.
 “Jazell, you’re here!” she exclaimed.
 “Is it true, did you take on a monster by yourself yesterday?” I sighed, shooting a look at Seth.
 “Yes it is.
 Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
 “How could you Jazell?
 You could have gotten seriously hurt.

ome92m.0m” I nodded at my friends, who were joking around with Seth. “Oh I
-
5.Trade: As the socialist structure of these countries began to change and the political influence of the Soviet Union diminished, there was a huge drop in the trade between countries of the region, and, following the break-up of the USSR, between the republics of the Soviet Union as well.
 Not all countries in the region experienced all five shocks.
 Those that were spared proved better able to sustain output and real incomes.
 Czechoslovakia had not suffered from inflation and was largely free of external debt.
 Hungary, which had decentralized its economy and had introduced significant elements of the market in production and investment before 1989, was not subject to the sudden shocks due to import liberalization and termination of planning.
 Lessons from the Reform
 The failure of the transition strategy to produce the anticipated results has given rise to extreme hardship, growing anxiety, frustration and anger within these countries.
 Internationally, it has generated intense debate about the reasons for the failure, the efficacy of ‘shock therapy’, and the appropriateness and adequacy of Western assistance.
 These questions reflect an inadequate understanding, both within and outside the region, of the stages and process and essential conditions for an effective transition under the circumstances prevalent in Eastern Europe at the time.
 Understanding of this failure holds the key not only to the rapid revitalization of the former Soviet and other Eastern European republics, but also to meeting the challenges of present and future transitions in Africa, Asia and the West.

o implement the Reform and to transfer the mantle of repressed communism by an act of hand shaking92m to0m
-
She then added, “I am not really a great tracker.
 I mean, our Paladin was easy enough to find but tracking Dire Cats through the forest, that would require true skill.” “But you did not sense them at all?” asked the Hellborn again.
 “No,” she shook her head.
 “Why?” she asked, her voice curious on his repeated questioning.
 “Because I am wondering if our ‘Paladin’ has a connection to the Dire Cats.
 I know a Celestial lion was used in the ceremony and whoever our Paladin is I assume he now has it’s essence, and those two were taken as the Celestial’s mates.”  Imeralda and Doi’van looked at him, and then she slowly added, “And what was one of your first actions?
 You freed them from the dungeon.
 Dire Cats are smarter than regular lions; they might see you as an ally or part of their herd.
 No wait, I think with cats you call them prides.
 But I wonder how they see Doi’van and me?” she asked.

d92m into0m a circle. She looked them over; right was left, middle was right. “And do
-
“She left just after dawn, when she knew you were safe.” “Oh,” I breathed.
 Perfect.
 We were alone in the middle of nowhere and I was sitting in his lap.
 My flush deepened and I hastily stood to straighten my clothes.
 He watched me fidget.
 “Um, so I guess we should get going?” I stammered.
 “No.” My breath caught and I forced myself to look at him, still edgy from the closeness the moment before.
 I convinced myself I was imagining the way he studied me as he sat against the downed tree.
 He had no idea what I was thinking.
 It was the furthest thing from his mind.

t to think me while she discussed the subject with92m her0m computer and then, that would be what he usually
-
Jim – Nuthin here yo!
 Eugene – Jim, is Art back yet?
 Jim – Not yet, why do ya ask?
 Eugene – I need to talk to him about something.
 Jim – Well he should be back later today, he was planning on making the opening of Liz’s show.
 Eugene (sits down on the other couch and sighs) Thanks, I’ll catch him then.
 (Pause) Are you still reading that stupid comic book?
 Jim- Damn strait!
 Sumo Assassin kicks ass!
 And I’ll thank you not to call it stupid.

ect, I will look for it92m,0m lie on the couch, stand up, write something
-
He sat on his rear and began readjusting his armor to his more slender frame.
 “In time,” she said.
 “I have met him only once, but I doubt there are any like him.
 Stay quiet and be patient.”
 Her mind was a net, and she cast it further and further out, scanning the rolling hills and the plains beyond.
 “Found him,” she whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 A blue portal ripped through the air before Qurrah, beckoning him.
 He looked through but saw only mists and distorted landscape.

ually on his slightly inclined cheek. Suddenly, a breeze arrived blowing through the thick mist92m,0m it was almost
-
Well I have to go now my bus is here.
 Bye!
 (walks off stage)
 Greg:  Is this the twilight zone or something?
 I wish I would have watched that show more often, then I would know what to do now.
 God why couldn’t I have been more forward thinking?
 Why did I have to waste all that time watching car racing when I could have been preparing?
 Why was I so blind?
 (Gets up and stumbles off stage)
 Cindy is waiting for the bus.

e going to football game when this happens. again I have to move on now. I have92m to0m
-
For some time that simple awareness was enough.
 He was alive, and in a stronger, younger body.
 With the physical essence of the lion now part of his new body, and the magic of the sorcerer Ravenhurr, he would be an extremely talented person.
 That everything had gone so well was simply a god-sent miracle.
 He had rescued the maiden and killed the sorcerer.
 Of course the man's soul and intellect had been destroyed and a lion from the realm of the gods itself had been destroyed.
 It was far from a perfect victory, but Rodregas knew there were never perfect victories.
 He had had more luck in the last half hour than in his entire downtrodden life.
 Then, the next revelation hit him; maybe the Celestial Gods had answered his prayers.
 He had promised the Gods that if he lived, it would become his sworn duty to take down the Immortalists.

the result of a failed test. A failed test of colossal proportion92m.0m He was dead. He had
-
I hadn't heard Mrs. Campbell approach from behind me, and for a second worried she was really angry, but the way Albert chuckled as he cringed in mock fear alleviated my concerns.
 Albert pushed his glasses a little ways back up his nose, and then wandered off to help the next person with a red card face up on their desk.
 The number of people who proceeded to come into the tutoring lab was nothing less than amazing.
 Based on overheard conversations, it sounded like there was a perfect storm of tests.
 Both of the other math teachers were apparently having tests in every single one of their classes, and Mrs. Campbell was having tests in a couple of hers as well.
 The resulting number of questions kept us all jumping.
 I started work half an hour early, and Albert, Peter and Mrs. Campbell all stayed an extra forty-five minutes.
 I was helping out an undersized freshman who was having a really hard time understanding the fundamental concepts of the unit she was going to be tested over tomorrow when Mrs. Campbell stopped by.
 "We're all done.
 Wait until the end of your normal shift, and then go home.

u experience92m the0m death of your mother back ? I am sorry. Now it has to work
-
10.Shift focus of technological development: The number of jobs created or destroyed by technology depends on the priority given to various objectives in the process of technological development.
 Presently, there is an in-built bias in technological R & D towards replacing human labour with capital and energy, even when similar levels of quality and efficiency could be achieved by alternative means.
 A conscious shift of focus could lead to the development of more labour-intensive production processes.
 The production of more food to meet the needs of a burgeoning population has been one of the outstanding global achievements of the post-war period.
 It has demonstrated the extraordinary capacity of humankind to meet a collective challenge of monumental proportions.
 It has harnessed the power of science and technology for the most cherished of purposes – preserving human lives.
 It has released the initiative and pride of long suppressed peoples to achieve self-sufficiency and determine their own destinies.
 It has finally lifted the suffocating blanket of pessimistic economic determinism that has stifled human hopes and aspirations for nearly 200 years since Thomas Malthus first set forth the thesis that human population will always outrun the growth of food production, thus ensuring the perpetual poverty of humankind.
 The remarkable achievements of countries such as India, which at a time when famine threatened to claim millions of lives launched a massive national programme that increased foodgrain production by three-quarters, and China, which nearly doubled food grain production over the last two decades, are outstanding testaments to the accomplishments of people in many countries.
 Worldwide, production increases in major cereal crops are estimated to have provided enough food for more than a billion people.

ial action to boost food production for an estimated 11 billion people92m in0m 2010-14, the United Nations called
-
It took me several seconds to understand why Rachel's words seemed so odd.
 Ever since learning Alec's secret I'd assumed everyone here was a shape shifter.
 Only I hadn't ever felt the underlying hint of power and energy from her that I'd come to associate with Alec and the others.
 "Wait, you're not a shape shifter?
 How is that possible?"
 Rachel's expression as she tried to understand my question was so surprised it actually managed to lighten the mood.
 "Oh, I forget sometimes how much you don't know.
 I'm normal, and Mom's normal, but everyone else is a shape shifter.
 Human-shape shifter marriages almost never happen, but when they do the kids can go either way.
 Alec became a shape shifter, and I'm just a run-of-the-mill girl without even a single superpower."

t's a very amazing statement. Her parents get choices, but she'92ms0m not
-
But to have a relationship with Jesus and fail to adore him seems all wrong.
 Evil, maybe.
 After all, I adored Eric Curtis.
 A Trip
 I drive a lot, across the desert to visit my kids and grandson in Tucson, and all over the West and sometimes farther on vacations and book promotion tours.
 One reason I drive rather than fly is, I come closest to adoring God while on the road.
 Between cities, I plug in my I-pod.
 What goes in comes out.
 If I listen to a love song, these days I’ll probably wish for a loving companion.
 If I turn on a radio talk show, I usually want to argue.

 I’m not interrupting someone else and making them foolish. Starting to92m 0mrant and declare my
-
"I guess that makes sense.
 Nobody likes to be told there's something wrong with them, but I can't exactly say everything is just Jim Dandy.
 Not when I still collapse at the mere mention of what I've lost."
 The silence wasn't as comfortable now.
 I had to break it, even if it meant further examining all of the holes inside me that I'd spent so many months struggling to ignore.
 "So you're just one of those guys that can't resist trying to help the broken girls, huh?"
 "No.
 That's Dominic's theory, I didn't say it was mine.
 I did what I did because when I close my eyes I still see you there."
 My heart jumped up to my throat, but in a good way.

he ring and he smiled and kissed me. "Claire, I92m can0m still see you in there
-
And now he knew that when she'd said that she couldn't do it, she hadn't been talking about making love with him but about marrying Davis.
 And if he made love to her, she'd feel tied to him and be more likely to stay.
 If he slowly increased the heat of his kisses and caresses, made her so hot that she stopped thinking altogether, made her so wild with desire .
 .
 .
 Rick closed his eyes, flushed with both desire and chagrin.
 He'd just told Marie he wouldn't do anything to hurt her.
 She was a virgin and planned to be one until her wedding night.
 How could he take that from her?
 How could he use an act of love to manipulate her into staying with him?

began to sink in a little more92m.0m Instead of feeling monotonous and oppressive, the events that
-
When the Beatles dropped acid, when Leary made his famous pronouncement, I mean it was so public.
 Blame it, LSD, on Cary Grant.
 (laughs) At first legal—when I started, Dad, though soon illegal, which is weird.
 I think acid was illegal.
 Is it legal now?
 No, no, it’s not.
 LSD-25, specifically, you know, I mean, everyone had it—it came to Memphis from Frisco on sugar cubes, I think.
 It was at the Bitter Lemon, you know, and I’d go there—I was, shit, I don’t know, 16 or something.
 Man.
 Anyway, did I use it to write?

ere just just living fiction92m,0m father. Don’t get too started on it. I just wrote and
-
How would they?
 I mean, a new species.
 A new breed.
 And lethal.
 Poison to her mother.
 They couldn’t even know that was what had happened until the others.
 Until the pattern became patent and they found the source.” I stared at Ruby, imagining the nameless “others” who’d been taken by her venom before they discovered its root.
 But it was not the idea of those strangers that tightened my chest.
 Poison.
 To her mother.

. Coat. Skin. ? To92m her0m mother. Those who left her....
-
Someone was in front of me.
 Ruby.
 I threw my hands back to steady myself.
 It felt like a wall of stones behind me.
 I didn’t look back, though, because just as I’d regained my footing, I heard the howls.
 Before the next breath, a new sound—a closer sound—filled my ears.
 Shoosh, shoosh, shoosh.
 It took longer than it should have to realize they were arrows.
 My mind couldn’t seem to process the scene fast enough.
 Before I could distinguish the threats, they were changing.

fire rights, how92m would0m I figure out how to move my airman around them? If I had
-
Studies indicate that by 2015 more than half the world’s population – mostly in Africa, the Middle East, South Asia and Northern China – will be living in countries that are ‘water-stressed’.
 In the developing world, more than 80 per cent of the water is utilized for agriculture, an unsustainable level that is depleting water tables, increasing soil salinity and accelerating erosion.
 Although historically water has often been a source of contention between communities, it has never been the cause of an open inter-state conflict.
 However, nearly one-half of the world’s land surface consists of river basins shared by more than one country and more than 30 nations receive more than one-third of their water from outside their borders.
 Therefore, the danger of confrontation and conflict will escalate unless concerted measures are implemented urgently.
 Water shortages occurring in combination with other sources of tension — such as in the Middle East — will be particularly worrisome.
 Famine remains a persistent threat precisely because the world no longer feels that threat to be severe.
 India’s last major famine occurred in Bengal in 1943 during World War II.
 Although the deficit in food production was only marginal that year, three million died for lack of strong administrative intervention to improve distribution.
 A marginal deficit could work havoc in the absence of an efficient and equitable public distribution network.

the government acted now to ensure that92m a0m reliable mechanism under the prohibition of cash strikes to provide at
-
Seth nodded and we followed him deeper into the dark woods.
 I walked beside Emily as the trees passed us.
 Things seemed to watch us from the shadows and I felt like some poor little kid who was afraid to be a victim of a Halloween “jump-out-of-the-bush” scare trick.
 I shivered in silent fear.
 Emily studied me, “Are you cold?
 Do you need to get warmed up?” A little flame of fire flickered to life in her palm.
 I gave a shaky laugh.
 “No, I'm not that kind of cold.” She put the little flame out.
 “Ah, I know what you mean,” she said and hugged me.
 “I'm feeling the same way.

re! !”<eop> Seth stopped on92m the0m alley side of the house. Emily watched over him as
-
I wasn't even sure whether or not they were around.
 They must be though--if it had been a male who'd saved us, then it couldn't be the Graveses, and that left only Brandon's family.
 It was hard to believe that Brandon had stepped in and done so much for us, but the pieces fit together so tightly.
 Brandon was even more wonderful and amazing than I'd thought before.
 Part of me expected this new revelation to keep my mind whirling so fast that it would take me hours to go to sleep.
 I was only partly right.
 It took quite a while for me to go to sleep, but this time the culprit was the light outside my window.
 Chapter 14 For the first time in longer than I could remember, I woke up two minutes before my alarm went off.
 I was showered, dressed, and ready to go ten minutes before normal, but after pulling my books together, I just sat down on the sofa.
 Today was the day.

howed up a few minutes early and let92m me0m down with some snacks. I wasn't as happy
-
I told him why I did it that way and that I only wanted to wear a wire one more time.
 He said to call him to confirm the timing.
 A call to the officer confirmed we were on for 6 pm that night.
 I was instructed to call Ashley around 6 pm and tell her I would meet her as soon as I could get out of the house, and that I would call her when I left it.
 I prepared myself emotionally for another unpredictable evening.
 I was told to meet the officers at a different location behind a nearby grocery store near the loading dock and trash bins.
 I arrived promptly, eager to get this thing done, and was immediately disappointed to learn that there would be a delay getting the crew together as they had just busted an Ecstasy dealer and part of the crew was stuck hauling, booking and questioning him.
 I was irritated as they wired me up in anticipation of the bust.
 The officers then recorded my call to Ashley where I told her my wife had me watching the kids and unavailable until she returned, so I’d call her in a while.
 I was buying an unknown amount of time while keeping Ashley and Steve on the hook.

se to the location being very remote, to the location being behind92m a0m very secure shopping mall at the same
-
They were so pretty, and she loved smelling them .
 .
 .
 when she walked .
 .
 .
 She swallowed hard as a wave of anxiety struck her.
 She hadn’t walked in the garden for a week, and she hadn’t even thought about it last night or this morning.
 Her parents would still be frantic, and Davis .
 .

 would walk92m in0m the garden.<eop> On a lovely afternoon when she had visited Hamburg, she had bitten
-
Since Mom hadn't been interested in the things I could safely tell her without getting grounded, school had become a standard excuse for why I was so distracted.
 "Speaking of which, when do they send out mid-term reports?"
 "I think they do them twice here.
 We missed the first batch, and the second isn't until later."
 I still didn't particularly like lying, but seemed to be doing it more and more often.
 "Anyways, I was just apologizing for leaving you home alone on a weekend again.
 I ran into another trio of hikers, and they told me about a new vantage point for that crooked-looking mountain I keep telling you about.
 It's on the far side, so I'm going to hike as far in as I can while it's still light today so I can make it there tomorrow with plenty of time before sunset.
 I don't want to make the hike again, so I'll probably spend all of Sunday shooting, and then hike back on Monday."
 Mom paused in her preparations to put her hand on my forehead.

, and the atmosphere has changed just a little bit. It's quiet92m now0m and where I was
-
I would follow her or force her to show me, but Father is keeping a close eye on me, making certain I stick to a strict schedule.
 This morning he brought in a detailed list for Rune, giving him direction through a series of tasks.
 Rune is supposed to grade me on them, see which I excel most at so they can pick a specific field to concentrate on.
 I don’t know how extensive it was, but I saw ‘wind,’ ‘water,’ ‘growth,’ ‘transfer,’ ‘fire,’ and ‘foresight’ written as it passed between them.
 We had already done months of fire.
 Pass it through water, see how large a flame I can create, see how hot I can go, test me on this, test me on that.
 And now he asks Rune to test me in the impossible, to see the future.
 He expects too much.
 Merely because I am different.
 My sister is different, too.

ve had on a long time, past two years of marriage and just92m a0m month or two. We
-
They didn't have any white roses like he did, nor an electric fountain, but they had red roses and azaleas, just as he did.
 She wished she'd brought back a picture of him.
 But a picture wouldn't help much, she knew.
 She wanted to be in his arms, kiss him, touch him.
 She wanted to lie in his arms as she had their last night together.
 She wanted to make love with him and fall asleep with him and wake up with him.
 Sounds of breakfast preparations brought her out of her reverie, and she realized she'd been crying.
 Wiping her eyes, she went inside.
 She was sipping orange juice at the table when John came down for breakfast.
 "Good morning," he said, bending to kiss her cheek.

e heart fluttered like92m a0m Christmas tree on a leaf. It felt just like her big, shiny Christmas
-
She hesitated, obviously torn, but my fumbling fingers finally found the unfamiliar door release and I made the decision for her.
 I swung the door open and slipped out of the car before she could respond.
 I waved goodbye with a cheery casualness I thought did a pretty good job of hiding my desire to break into tears.
 It was amazing how I'd let the numbness slip away for nothing.
 Rachel wasn't any more my friend than she'd been a few minutes before.
 Instead she was probably freaked out.
 I'd have been so much better off if I'd just stayed oblivious to everything, and ignored her like I'd done everyone else today.
 The hot Utah sun was trying to knock me to my knees as I slowly made my way down our lane.
 For a moment I thought about what would happen if I fell and hurt myself.
 By the time Mom realized I was missing, I'd be a perfectly preserved mummy, sucked completely dry by the harsh climate, exactly as ordered for a pyramid burial.

ound our outing, my pupils still large, and I remembered92m so0m many years ago, when Sydney was
-
After arriving in town, he had found one of his stashed healing potions and downed it.
 His ribs had gone from several pieces to just a single break, and his shoulder was slowly regaining strength.
 It would still be days before he was back to full health, days he did not have to spare.
 “I’m here,” Aurelia said after the third yell from Dieredon.
 The elf turned and smiled at her even though she winced and moved to examine his arm, which remained in a sling.
 “They are nothing,” he told her.
 “Please, you must listen to me.
 Stay away from the half-orcs.
 They aren’t safe.”
 “Nonsense,” she said.

banks of the Mordell River, two of92m her0m friends and their legal expertise were tapping the banks with
-
A cook in a monastery.
 Even if I can't let go of Zoë, I could more thoroughly rid myself of ambition.
 Maybe I should give up writing.
 Or hand over Perelandra College to someone.
 Spend more time growing vegetables and cooking from scratch, like Brother Lawrence did.
 Toni Torrey could give me gardening and cooking lessons.
 For lessons in devoting myself to communion with God, besides contemplating Brother Lawrence, I can turn to Olga.
 Peace
 Olga Savitsky was a poet.
 We met at a small church charismatic enough so that nobody minded when she stood in the midst of a service and offered her latest poem.

ed by Olga Savi92mt0msky is to die by herself. What am I supposed to do? Tru
-
But there were lots of flowers in the garden.
 He picked up his car keys so that he could go find something nice.
 Marie was huddled in the middle of her bed sobbing.
 When her tears were at last exhausted, she dragged herself off her bed and went to wash her face with cold water and brush her teeth.
 Then she changed into shorts and a t-shirt.
 There was no point in pretending that she was in 1927.
 The clothes couldn't change what had happened.
 Even getting home tomorrow wouldn't change what had happened, what she’d finally realized tonight.
 She went downstairs and turned on the TV, wondering where Rick was.
 She felt bad for running away from him.

him "yes. Thank92m you0m. You did. You finished your assignment. You caught up with
-
"It's likely I'll be exceedingly sore for the next few days, and my ego, such as it is, will likely take quite the beating, but our Kir'shan, our Alpha as you would say, isn't a bad sort."
 That was a relief.
 It also meant I knew exactly what I was going to do when I saw Alec next.
 Half an hour later, I was following him down the hall towards Physics and wishing I'd had more time to prepare.
 Alec slowed as we finally arrived outside the door to Mrs. Alexander's classroom.
 I carefully craned my head around him, half expecting to see Brandon's entire pack waiting to ambush us.
 Instead the pause seemed to have been caused by the fact Mrs. Alexander had been replaced by a sub.
 "Do you mind if we don't go to Physics today?"
 Alec's question should have been lost in the clamor of all of the kids walking by us, but I picked his voice out as easily as if we'd been alone together in the forest.
 Was that another mystical power granted to alpha shape shifters, or just because I was so hyper-aware of him?

armed up to his impressive magical work this morning in the Forest. Because92m of0m his Inner Angle.
-
The shirt was fitted to my shape but of a heavier fabric, and a pair of boots was at the bottom of the stack; it must be much colder in the mountains.
 It reminded me of stepping out of the cold wet gown on the bank of the creek, finding the scroll, the map.
 Chevelle’s words echoed in my mind.
 I’m sorry, Freya.
 I let you down at the creek.
 I was distracted… should have been paying closer attention… should have prevented this… too late now.
 The smell of cooked meat cut through my thoughts.
 I ran a hand through my wet hair and walked out to the fire.
 The scene wasn’t any less impressive this time, and I sat on one of the large, flat rocks facing the lake.
 Chevelle brought me a plate of food, settling in beside me.

sh, delicious tomatoes. I had eaten them myself. I attempted to tell Chev92melle0m, but his words didn
-
Aside from my father and son, I can’t think of a man I have adored except Eric Curtis.
 Love?
 The heart of the Shema, Deuteronomy 6:5, commands Israel to: “Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.” Jesus agrees, in Matthew 22: "’Teacher,’ a disciple asks,  ‘which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ Jesus replies: 'Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.
 This is the first and greatest commandment.’” The word "love" has dozens of meanings, and the one that rings truest to me involves action and will rather than feeling.
 In M. Scott Peck’s definition, "Love is the willingness to sacrifice for the sake of someone else's spiritual growth."
 Since God hardly needs spiritual growth, let’s define loving God as the willingness to sacrifice when God calls us to.
 And at the very least, he calls us to obey his commandments.
 Meaning we face yet another problem.
 In churches that preach seeking relationship rather than religion, we're told that lacking a relationship with God, we’ll have at best a heck of a time trying to obey.
 And I have seen no reason to doubt that assessment.

o belong92m to0m this unsuitable test.<eop> This isn’t an exam designed for students. Schools
-
"The what?"
 "Tours of Paramount Studios and Universal Studios."
 "Really?"
 she squealed.
 "Will we get to be in a movie?"
 "No."
 He reached out to squeeze her hand.
 "Listen, sweetheart--Hollywood probably isn't what you imagine.
 Everyone in the world would love to be in the movies, and there's a lot of lying and cheating and scheming to get ahead in the industry.
 Hollywood's specialty is illusion.

, it is the reality behind the illusion.92m"0m<eop> "Good lordy, it can
-
Ok.
 I didn’t know Dylan was that…
 BG:  	Man, he was That, for all of us.
 He was that for you, even you, Creole (laughs)—he just is, like the moon.
 Like political chicanery.
 Like the Illuminati conspiracy.
 Man, he’s in our consciousness.
 The Beatles, too, of course.
 CM:  	Why does rock and roll mean so much to so many people?
 BG:  	The beat, I think, first and foremost.

or0m the Beatles hits in Germany in the 1960s. That, as it turns out, is now
-
Well I have to go now my bus is here.
 Bye!
 (walks off stage.
 Greg heads in the opposite direction)
 Cindy is standing outside as if waiting for the bus…wearing the same clothing as before.
 Greg is in slightly different clothes.
 Greg: hi
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: nice day
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.

n?92m I0m saw it. the moon? you know what? it looked like it was. I was
-
“These are not books on magic,” she said.
 “These are Grimoires, several of them of great power.” “Really?” Rodregas said, “I was a squire who learned a little magic, but I really can’t say that I know the difference between a book of magic and a Grimoire.” Imeralda looked surprised and said, “Oh, you guys must depend on the oral tradition.
 That is a hard way to learn.
 The symbols and geometric figures that form a powerful spell are often too complex to learn from just the spoken word.” Rodregas cut in and clarified, “I mean, in the order we did read books on magic theory and history, but I never felt energy from them before.” Imeralda nodded, “Let me explain.
 First, you have a lot more power now, and power calls to power.
 So, you are a lot more sensitive to the power that the books have.
 But what separates Grimoires from other books is that they are made like the stone walls of these buildings, by Nymphs.
 It is thought that the original reason was simply to have books that would not rot over a period of centuries, but the nymph-created paper and leather can hold a faint imprint of magic.
 “Each time that the sorcerers cast a spell from the book, it lightly engraved the pattern into the paige.
 A mage can sense the previous patterns in the book.

 the literature program also had a long list of paper and leather92m that0m they could use to craft the
-
Chevelle walked me to the edge of a tall peak.
 The rock mountain ended in a sheer cliff, straight down into haze.
 He looked into my eyes like he saw something there, like he really knew me.
 We gazed out over the cliff, at the horizon… endless.
 I felt his hand on my back and closed my eyes, relaxing into the comfortable, familiar feel of it.
 He pushed me with full force.
 I flew off the cliff, falling straight down.
 I stared back at him as he stood, watching me fall, nothing but open sky above and below.
 I couldn’t imagine why he’d throw me from the cliff, couldn’t think of the magic to stop myself, couldn’t see when I would crash into the base, the rocks below.
 My arms flailed as I jerked awake.

. Jeep. A jeep. He recognised me... really knew me92m.0m It made my body pop
-
Was.
 In Memphis, my neighbor.
 Great cat, spiritual cat.
 CM: 	Miles Davis.
 BG:  	Way ahead of us, man.
 Not even in the same business.
 He’s out there.
 We’re, what, we’re playing checkers, he’s playing 3D chess.
 CM: 	Howlin’ Wolf.
 BG: 	The Bellwether.

G: Rock Star. BG: Bryan Haber. 92mBG0m: Regis Long.
-
Eugene – That’s a longer story than the other one.
 The short of it, is that I ran until I passed out in somebody’s back yard.
 And they didn’t catch me.
 I ended up not going anywhere for a couple weeks until I could grow a beard and dye my hair.
 I think that they’re still looking for me.
 Art – A lot of your stories seem to end like that.
 Eugene – Yeah they do, but I feel that running till I pass out and then hiding in a basement for a month, is a better way to end a story than ‘they tore my arm off and beat me with it’.
 Less pain, and the running is how I manage keep slim.
 Art – I’ve seen you eat two entire large pizzas, and then sit down on the couch and watch television until you fall asleep and not gain a pound, exercising can’t be much of a consideration for you.
 Eugene – Where did you think I burned off all those pizza calories?

 came92m from0m Hawaii. It looked like somebody brought it in for me. Rico 26<sep> from
-
A window.
 Perfect.
 As he searched for a way to scale the wall, he saw a drunken man watching him.
 “Get lost,” Harruq growled.
 The man obliged, taking his bottle of ale and running.
 That taken care of, the half-orc went around back where he found a few worn and uneven crates.
 He lifted one and approved of its strength after a simple test.
 Satisfied, he went back around and placed it against the wall.
 He was about to go back for a second when torchlight flooded the alley.
 “Move and you’ll find an arrow in your throat,” said a voice.

 that took three more tries and failed. On the other hand,92m his0m arrow that also blanked his
-
“Let's just say I know what I'm talking about.
 Be careful and keep your friends close.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
 You are strongest when you are together, so don’t let yourselves be separated.” “Wouldn't it be called 'an breakable bond', then?” I asked her.
 She laughed but then grew serious.
 “Be very careful.
 We all know that we picked the right four, but it would be a shame if something happened to all of you before you could complete your goal.” That got my attention.
 “You know how we became half-lings?
 You know who attacked us that day?” “I've said too much already,” she said and backed up.
 “I must go.” “Wait!” I called.

mewhere down in the woods waiting to obey from my rescuers. “They haven'92mt0m moved.” But
-
"By the way you were looking at me."
 "How was I looking at you?"
 "Like you wanted me to kiss you."
 He grinned again as he reached for the eggs.
 She frowned, trying to remember what expression she must have had on her face that night.
 But she hadn't been thinking about how she looked; she'd been thinking about how he looked.
 And how his lips would feel on hers.
 It was as they were cleaning up after breakfast that inspiration struck her.
 Handing him a tub of butter, she caught his gaze, holding it as she thought about the way he'd kissed her yesterday afternoon.
 Entranced by Marie's beautiful hazel eyes, Rick drew her close and bent his head to kiss her.

e sworn she was questioning or lying92m about0m her partner all yesterday evening before he kissed Marie. She let out
-
The timing had been near impossible.
 The spell calling forth the flames of creation could only burn one life.
 But the timing was perfect; Ravenhurr called forth the fire, and then he was in it.
 The flames consumed his body in seconds, and flaring from the circle went the multi-colored energy of his magic, the one element that the circle was designed to protect from the flames.
 His magic power shot out of the circle and started orbiting the larger circle.
 He was completely gone.
 Rodregas excitedly thought, “Victory!” He had done it.
 He had killed the Immortalist Sorcerer Ravenhurr.
 The multi-colored energy of his magic swirled around the outer circle and was sucked into the empty vessel of the young man.
 The magic energy throbbed and Rodregas could feel the ritual screaming for the final release of the magic; there was no way to save anyone else.

d with fire filled the middle of the inner circle, Ravenhurr and92m the0m priest returned. They had
-
Johnny – What for?
 Jim – To catch the Evil Mad Mail Bomber Vixen.
 She was sending letter bombs to people and it was Sumo’s quest to catch her.
 Johnny – Who gave him that quest?
 Jim – Nobody gave him the quest he learned about it from watching the nightly news.
 He was just really bored that weekend, so off he went.
 Johnny – That’s just retarded.
 Jim – If you think that’s bad just read the issue where both Sumo and Skinny died, and then were resurrected by the Schizophrenic Bi-polar Doctor as zombies.
 Johnny – What did he do that for?
 Jim – Not a clue, mom caught me before had a chance to finish the comic.

hance. It was already written for me mom, Revenge of92m the0m Orient was already already written
-
We are on the threshold of a new millennium.
 All civilizations have recognized the special significance of new beginnings – the dawn of a new day, a new year, a new century.
 These are moments of new birth when fresh vision and greater energy are available for setting out in a new direction or accelerating progress along our chosen course.
 The dawn of a new millennium brings with it a tremendous power for renewal and advancement.
 It can mark a decisive transition or staging ground for speeding humanity’s evolutionary progression.
 The remarkable events of the past few years – the fall of the Berlin Wall, the turn to democracy in the former USSR and other countries of Eastern Europe, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, and concrete steps toward lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians – confirm this truth.
 In an age of incredibly rapid and revolutionary change, who can confidently claim the wisdom to predict what can or cannot be accomplished in the coming decade?
 Looking back on this moment ten years from now, we may well be able to chronicle what now appear as equally extraordinary achievements.
 The glimpse of possible changes in the world over the next decade afforded in the box on pages 7–8 may appear outlandish and unrealistic to some.
 It is an indication of what is possible, not a prophecy or projection of what is inevitable.

ear two sounds in the future. Crystal. Crystal92m.0m Crystal. Crystal. Crystal. Crystal. Crystal
-
If any survived you would have been identified and my plans ruined.”
 Both brothers bowed to their master.
 “What are the plans you speak of?” Harruq asked.
 “In time, my dear bone general, I will tell you both.
 For now though, I must deal with your brother.” Velixar brought his gaze to the young necromancer.
 “Let us return to the village.
 It is time we test your power.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The three stood in the center of the town, corpses scattered in all directions.

lover. Zoran, the92m necro0mmancer. Naidra, her greedy patron standing in
-
I'm under a lot of pressure at work, and I took it out on you."
 He took her hand and raised her arm so that he could kiss it where he'd squeezed it.
 "Better?"
 "Yes," she breathed.
 He'd never kissed her arm before.
 When he was gone, she dropped onto her bed with a smile.
 But it slowly became a frown.
 She was beginning to think she didn't understand her betrothed at all.
 She'd never seen him get angry before he’d proposed.
 And she'd thought that being betrothed would mean they'd spend more time together, but they were actually spending less time together.

 said softly, "'Could you hide this face?'92m 0m"Happy birthday,
-
“Boys, I still don’t know how they find this interesting.” She pointed to Jason and Seth, who were continuing to guess random names to describe the arch.
 “I mean, who cares!
 Am I right about them?” “Yes, completely,” I said and fought a laugh.
 “Don’t try to understand or you’ll get lost in the complicated labyrinths that are their brains.” “I think this is the most thinking the two have ever done,” Emily said with a sigh and shook her head, making her pink curls dance.
 “It’s just sad.” I was about to say something else when the dwarf gave a loud cough.
 Jason and Seth fell silent, outlined by the eerie glow of the arch.
 “You must know a few things before you enter,” the dwarf said, pacing back and forth.
 He reminded me of a teacher instructing a class.
 “First of all, once you enter, there is a chance that you won’t be able to leave for a while.” My heart fell at this.
 “Second, Igneeria is wild and offers little protection.

e to slip into the labyrinths92m and0m decay quickly. Other houses offer the most security, one which is
-
I think most of the best people are that way exactly because of the things they've endured.
 Individuals like Dominic, Rachel, and Jasmin don't just happen.
 They're the result of a native goodness being tempered and refined by terrible experiences."
 Mallory suddenly doubled over in a fit of coughing that left her white and shaking.
 I jumped to my feet and almost ran for Alec, but she grabbed my hand with more of that fragile strength, and pulled me back down.
 "There isn't anything he can do for me, child, and unless I'm very much mistaken he's more than normally worried right now.
 He's in no kind of way needing yet more to fret about.
 Just let me catch my breath and I'll be as right as ever."
 Several minutes later, once the renewed bout of coughing had subsided, Mallory looked back up at me with wan features.
 "How did it happen?

ion?" she asked92m.0m<eop> "I don't want to let you worry over him. I
-
Eugene – It’s mine.
 For the most part it was worth it.
 Especially when the news story broke that officer Roberts spent an entire week diligently patrolling the area while keeping an eye out for Martians who are in the country illegally.
 But no matter, I won’t be going to them anyway.
 Johnny – Then what are you going to do?
 Eugene – I’m going to move on with my life, hopefully.
 And keep the promise I made to Art.
 Johnny – And what did you promise our father?
 Eugene – That I would stay out of trouble.
 Jim – This isn’t going to end well.

 go off again and everyone is still missing. But92m the0m Martians have gone home safely. And we
-
I guess this was my bottom.
 Moving back to Sacramento would be the first time in many years I would live with my mom, who had recently become a widow.
 She needed my help sorting things out, because she was left with a lot of complex issues after Dino’s suspicious death.
 The story goes that Dino was at an associate’s home helping him cut some hedges.
 He cut into a bush that apparently had a yellow jacket nest in it and they swarmed him and stung him to death.
 Nobody else at the event was stung, but he was stung several hundred times.
 The venom in such a massive dose poisoned him, so the story goes.
 I do believe in Karma (well, I do now!)
 and the world is a better place without this man, but I don’t know if I believe that story.
 However he died though, this man was in pain, and somehow that feels like vindication for my years of suffering at his hands.

rave enough to harm the men around him, and I was not greedy92m enough0m to harm me. As
-
But here you were, thinking about me!"
 "I haven't stopped thinking about you."
 And when he'd read the pages about her and realized they hadn't changed, he'd wondered if maybe it was because she hadn’t stayed in 1927, had come back to 2011.
 Or rather, would come back to 2011.
 He tightened his arms around her.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "I love you too.
 And I want to marry you.
 How soon can we get married?
 And where's my ring?"

he band?" "Shop 392m?0m" "Shop 2?"
-
She missed her family.
 And she wanted to see Davis again--so she could tell him off.
 She wanted to tell him that now she knew how she should be treated by a man who really loved her.
 She'd tell him she knew what it was like to be comfortable with a man, to be able to snuggle up to him when she wanted to be held and to put her arms around his neck when she wanted to be kissed.
 She smiled, thinking about Rick's kisses.
 There was nothing in the world she'd rather do than kiss Rick.
 When she got home .
 .
 .
 a lump formed in her throat, making it sore.

pposed to feel like92m to0m kiss Rick.. it should feel like to talk to him about the things
-
She bit her lower lip.
 "It's OK.  We have this whole parking lot--you can't hurt anything.
 Just relax and take your time."
 It took a while for her to get the hang of it, but an hour or so later, she was cruising around the parking lot, making reasonably smooth starts and stops.
 Rick was glad to see that her initial difficulties had made her cautious.
 That should curb her excitement when she got out on the road.
 They drove a little the next day, and Monday Rick picked up a booklet at the DMV.
 Marie spent all day Tuesday studying it and was sure that she could pass the test.
 Rick had found out, however, that she couldn't get one without a social security number.
 Marie was disappointed, of course, but Rick wasn't sure it was a good idea for her to drive alone, anyway, and she'd eventually want to do that if she had a license.

dless, the microchip test was complete within hours-92m-0mfour hours, actually, after Marie took
-
That thought depressed him.
 She saw the sadness in his eyes and leaned forward to lay her hand on his knee.
 "I enjoy being here with you, Rick.
 If I'd met you in 1927 .
 .
 ."
 If she'd met him in 1927, she'd probably have felt every bit as much confusion as she was feeling now.
 He took her hand, pressing his lips into her palm.
 "If you belonged in 2011, things would be different."
 He stroked her fingers thoughtfully.

being with you in 2011. 30<eop> Chapter 12<eop> The92m The0mm.<eop> The Co
-
She was trying to read him, Harruq could tell, but he endured it without protest.
 “When Ashhur and Karak warred, there were elves that sought to end it,” she said.
 “Against Celestia’s orders, they joined Karak, hoping their aid would finally end the conflict.
 When our goddess imprisoned the two gods, she cursed those elves.
 She stripped them of their beauty, their intelligence, and their long life.
 They weren’t evil, Harruq, but Karak offered them strength and they accepted it.
 The dark god drove them to war against elves and men.
 Finally the orcs were banished to the Vile Wedge between the rivers.”
 “Do any still worship Karak?”
 “Most don’t,” Aurelia said.

ace, some did not92m.0m He was close to her, I must say. “Their goddess Em
-
The very definition and sanctity of the state have been blurred by the determination of ethnic groups in various nations to declare independence from their parent bodies, and the inability or unwillingness of national governments to maintain law and order and provide basic security for their citizens.
 The role of other states, regional organizations and international agencies in giving explicit or implicit support to these movements has further complicated the task of formulating just and practical solutions.
 These events raise questions about the rights of both nations and their citizens that have to be addressed theoretically before the role of international organizations in these affairs can be determined properly.
 Does a minority group within a country have the right to proclaim itself independent on the basis of its desire for self-governance and in defiance of the claims of the majority on the property and resources they possess?
 Does a national government, whether elected or in power by force, that is unable to protect its citizens against famine and civil strife have the right to insist on its sovereignty and independent action in the face of the persecution or extermination of its own people?
 What is the responsibility of the international community for preventing or alleviating crises within societies?
 What should be the limits placed on international involvement in the internal affairs of countries that, at least momentarily, are unable to help themselves?
 The sanctity of the sovereign state, like the sanctity of private property in a capitalist society, is a fundamental principle of the nation state system on which the present world community is based.
 Like the protectors of private property, the guardians of the sovereign state vigorously resist each attempt to limit its scope or qualify its power – although in both instances there are obvious and well-recognized limits and qualifications.
 The sensitivity over the issue of sovereignty – especially among former colonies and victims of imperialist aggression – is quite understandable in view of the fact that the emergence of modern nation states over the last two centuries occurred during a period when imperialist wars and colonial conquests were accepted as part of the normal conduct of international relations.

mine the frameworks that are needed to develop normal human relationships between these two communities.<eop><eod> Where92m do0m
-
When next he spoke, his words were quiet and drawn out.
 “The Gods and Infernals have been at war from the beginning of time.
 They are opposites of the eternal balance of creation and destruction.
 But when mortals started to combine the various powers, the two eternal enemies agreed on one thing and this became ‘The One Law.’” “Mortals can work to become Gods through growing in Celestial Power, and they can even tap into the elemental powers.
 They also can become Infernals if they so wish, though I know of few who have tried.
 The chaotic and destructive nature of the infernal does not lead to the necessary discipline that is required to be an Immortalist.
 A mortal must choose only one path; Celestial or Infernal.
 That is ‘The One Law.’” “Why?” asked Doi’van, his deep voice sounding both menacing and curious.
 “Nobody knows for sure,” said Jordaan.
 “The Gods and Infernals do not explain their actions, but most believe that if someone had the full potential to tap into all three… he would be stronger than either the Gods or the Greater Daemons.

Demon and Below Demon are both very powerful, as is a special ability that is92m usually0m called Duo.
-
"I thought you might still be here."
 The voice caught me by surprise.
 I probably would've jumped and screamed a little if I hadn't recognized it.
 Brandon was walking towards us with his characteristic casual stride, and I felt my heart speed up a little as I remembered our conversation from earlier in the day.
 "Brandon!
 What are you still doing here?"
 I heard some movement off to my right, but was so focused on Brandon's response that none of it really registered.
 The smile gracing his breathtaking face was like the ultimate treat.
 "Oh, I was helping out with the new set for the theater class' production of Arsenic and Old Lace."
 I was suddenly glad Britney had abandoned me.

y and I92m were0m hanging out in our backyard laughing about the musical. I was so excited about season opening
-
In twilight, Eric and I climbed up from the beach and explored some caves.
 After dark, we rested atop the cliff, in a little park a half mile from the Cabrillo lighthouse.
 Eric paced, finally sat down, and asked what I’d been thinking about my dad that day.
 I told him how Christmas was always my dad’s favorite day, how the only plants he ever grew were poinsettias he would deliver to the family graves every Christmas morning after the presents got exchanged and breakfast was over.
 When I finished, Eric paced again.
 Then he squatted in front of the bench where I sat and gazed hard at me, as though wondering how far I could be trusted.
 After deciding in my favor, he said, “There’s a big change coming.
 I don’t know what it will be.
 It’s something I feel so deeply, like nothing I ever felt before.
 Maybe it’ll be good.

in.<eop> Eric paced about five minutes for a second or two. I stared hard92m at0m him,
-
Recent experience, such as in the Prato region of Italy, indicates that proper blending of new technologies in existing productive sectors can be utilized to preserve a geographically decentralized, small-scale pattern of production and to enable small firms to match the competitiveness of countries with much lower labour costs.
 This offers an attractive alternative for preserving the small-scale decentralized pattern of production still prevalent in developing countries and for the future development of enterprises in new industries.
 Each advance in attitudes, lifestyles, social institutions and forms of commercial organization has ultimately expanded the scope of economic activities and raised living standards substantially.
 Jobs are created by our innate human resourcefulness and ingenuity, expressed as invention, innovation and social imitation.
 The ultimate determinant of the number and quality of jobs in future will not be physical or even financial constraints, but – ‘science, technology, values and social organization – in a word, the human imagination’.
 Trading Jobs
 Those in the West who do not blame rising unemployment on technological advancement, usually blame it on trade.
 Business and economic literature is replete with articles stating that the high-wage industrial nations will suffer rising levels of unemployment due to the growth of imported goods from low-wage developing countries.
 The completion of the Uruguay round of GATT trade negotiations was delayed for years because this view fostered protectionist sentiment in the bastion of free trade Western nations.
 This issue elicits heated emotional debate that often overlooks obvious facts.

 political and economic arrangements of developing countries are concerned, it is that there92m is0m much to be assessed
-
I had no idea what in this journal could be of interest to Chevelle unless he knew the woman, and that kept me reading.
 It continued on—her father’s rigorous schedule, their distaste for her sister—and then the entries got more detailed and frequent.
 Mother has been too ill lately for guests.
 I have not been able to see her.
 The tedium of my duties is getting to me and Father has been relentless with my studies, pushing me harder and harder to strengthen my control.
 My sister has been exploring the mountains.
 I see her bring in all sorts of interesting finds, but she refuses to tell me where she got them.
 I wish there were a way to sneak out.
 I would follow her or force her to show me, but Father is keeping a close eye on me, making certain I stick to a strict schedule.
 This morning he brought in a detailed list for Rune, giving him direction through a series of tasks.

t the journal with worries and begins to jot down tasks, which they note92m novel0m Rune
-
I’m not sure she’s knows how good she is.
 How good she can be.
 CM: 	The tall one, the figure.
 BG:  	Yeah, that’s the newest.
 With all the floating objects around it?
 CM:  	Yeah.
 BG:  	That’s new.
 You know, Lor studied with this old artist in New York, this Brazilian named Oyvind Fahlstrőm.
 Really, that was his name.
 I think he’s still alive.

BG92m:0m I know. the tall one, the figure. You know, that one involves
-
In a sense, the human urge for violence has neither increased nor decreased.
 It has simply shifted the field of expression from confrontation between nation states to confrontation between powerful governments and disenchanted, disenfranchised groups of individuals who respond to the application of superior power by nation states with the application of indiscriminate violence against the public-at-large.
 Terrorism thrives in the absence of effective democratic institutions to give voice to the will of its citizens.
 At the same time, lifting the tyranny of state terrorism has itself become the occasion in some instances for an outburst of violence by long suppressed groups.
 Eradication of terrorism is possible, but it demands a comprehensive and integrated approach and concerted, collective action.
 The commercialization of the arms trade – which benefits some countries economically at the expense of the security of all nations – must be subject to rigorous monitoring and control by international agencies.
 Vested economic interests that thrive on conflict must be placed under UN surveillance and regulation.
 International institutions must be strengthened to eradicate arms smuggling, narcotics, offshore money laundering and other criminal activities that serve as seedbeds and instruments for terrorism.
 However, no final solution to the problem of terrorism can be arrived at by force alone.
 While terrorism is frequently attributed to religion and ideology, it sprouts and thrives most readily among populations that lack opportunities for gainful employment and economic development.

s populations vulnerable to other social, cultural and religious influences — especially secular and religious racism92m because0m many are
-
“Let me hear the screams of your victims so that I may find you.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Flying overhead, Dieredon watched the beginning of the battle with a sickness in his stomach.
 The man in black had come.
 He watched the arrows bounce off the magical shield, and then watched the human army charge and overwhelm the small elven force that had come to face them.
 “I will keep my word, Antonil,” he said.
 “Fly back to the others, Sonowin, we will battle this day.” The horse snorted, making Dieredon laugh.
 “No, I am sure you won’t be hurt.” Sonowin banked, giving the elf one last view of the battle before soaring east to where the rest of the Quellan elves waited atop their magnificent pegasi.
 His horse neighed a quick question, one Dieredon wished he could laugh at.

blind. They were blind, holding all of92m their0m tongues, right down to alcohol.<eop> The man
-
I tried to open the door with no sound.
 As I turned in the entryway to close the door as quietly as I had opened it, I felt a presence.
 I turned around and two hands were on my neck choking me and shoving me against the door.
 Dino, in the darkness, had a grip on my neck that he would not release.
 I grabbed his wrist and tried to push his hands off to no avail.
 I couldn’t breathe, so I couldn’t talk.
 It was oddly silent except for a pinging sound, as if someone was dropping pennies in a pan.
 It was the sound of the puka shells from the necklace I was wearing landing on the tile floor beneath me.
 Ping, ping, puh dit dit, ping.
 More of the shells fell and bounced along the tile.

s began to develop. We spent several minutes in the different sections of the entry92mway0m. We
-
She would have been lonely and vulnerable when she'd gone back.
 Could Davis have won her back?
 Although he knew it would be torture, he went to his desk and dug out the pages about her.
 He scanned them for the information he wanted.
 Born 1904, daughter of Jefferson Tranton, one brother .
 .
 .
 The pages hadn't changed since the last time he'd read them.
 There was no mention of her life after age 23.
 He read the material more carefully, and then he reread it.

is92m,0m his life after age 23, and the information her gave her go back after months of torture.
-
“Start talking,” I snarled.
 “Who are you guys and what are you doing?” The faery jerk smirked again.
 “We're part of Kojas' personal guard.
 We were sent to look for you half-lings.” “Well I want you to know something,” I said and got closer to his face.
 “We will win this fight, mark my words.
 Kojas is going down, way down if you know what I mean.” “Well,” he said, “if you let me go I'll give him your message.” “I don't think so,” I whispered.
 “You can tell him when he joins you.” I rammed my knife into his stomach and pulled it out.
 The faery's eyes rolled upward and he went still.
 I wiped my knife on my pants and sheathed it.
 I ran over to Jason, who was crouched over the unconscious Seth.

her side of92m the0m room.<eop> I started digging in a few more pans with that spreading
-
The river was low and mossy green below a film tinted with shimmering rainbows.
 A few women in rebosos of vivid reds and oranges waded and filled clay pots and coffee cans with water.
 The niños who crawled on the muddy bank had implausibly shiny hair and wide eyes of milk white and gleaming obsidian.
 Beyond the shanties, across the river and the road, a building invaded the sky.
 Shaped like a Hershey bar, only high as mountains and made of chrome and glass.
 A thousand beams from the rising sun ricocheted in prisms off it.
 I felt Cliff staring at me.
 He was in the back seat.
 When I glanced his way, he asked, “How’s your head?” In truth my head felt enormous and heavy.
 Even my eyeballs ached.

 my back for about fifteen minutes.<eop> Cliff never got around to calling me92m.0m He said “talk
-
Raise the educational qualifications of the workforce to the level pertaining in more economically advanced nations.
 Place particular emphasis on primary and secondary education, rural education and education of young girls.
 9.Disseminate information: Encourage the establishment of new institutions, programmes and systems to speed and extend the dissemination of practically useful information as a powerful catalyst for more rapid social progress.
 Encourage a national climate of open-mindedness to foreign ideas, influences and success stories.
 10.Increase the velocity of money and other transactions: Increase the speed of commercial transactions, especially money flows, in the economy by streamlining government and banking procedures, ensuring rapid utilization of funds by all government agencies, setting strict limits on the time taken for bank transfers, introducing agencies for credit verification and collection of unpaid bills, and improving the telecommunications infrastructure.
 11.Revamp higher education: Educational systems which 'manufacture graduates' compound the problem rather than alleviating it.
 The problem of the educated unemployed is not so much the amount of education they receive, but the type of knowledge and attitudes imparted.
 Reorient the educational curriculum at all levels, especially higher education, to impart the knowledge and attitudes needed to promote self-employment and entrepreneur ship rather than salaried employment.
 12.Employment planning: Studies of Japan and the NIEs indicate that conscious employment planning is an essential requirement for generating full employment.
 Place the employment objective high on the national agenda and evolve a comprehensive plan to achieve full employment by identifying untapped growth potentials in agriculture, industry, exports and services.

ock moving into a quicksilver category is the next step in the locomotive chain.92m<eop>0m 13. Characterise
-
The people of Veldaren hurled the word at them like a dagger, but in truth neither had ever seen a full orc before.
 “Now we’ll finally see,” Qurrah said, “what we are, what we are meant to be.”
 Thousands of orcs spilled into the west, needing no light to see in the darkness.
 They howled and cheered, drums and war chants mixing with the shrieks of the skulls.
 Harruq felt his temples throb.
 A wail rolled over him as a deathly comet swirled about, spotting the two and eying them like prey.
 Try as he might, he couldn’t stop from shaking.
 “Can you stop them?” Harruq asked, squinting at the sky.
 “Perhaps,” said Qurrah, eyes distant and unfocused.
 “But orcs don’t use necromancy, not if the stories I’ve heard are true.

ry. Only orcs do necromancy92m,0m and only mortals practice necromus.
-
I miss Buddy.
 So much is gone, so many rainbows have faded away, and so many brightly painted faces now show the skull beneath.
 As John said, “The dream is over.” But he (who is gone gone, too) also said “Love is all you need.” Both are true.
 And, dreamers, lovers, children, both are lies.
 ***
 Author’s hedge:  Now, friends, the following work, while incorporating much history and Memphis mythology into its olio, is, as they say, a work of fiction.
 If there are names of actual people herein, those people are not to be held responsible for the author’s prevarications, and the use of their names was done with necromancy and love.
 So, all is not what it seems and all that seems to not be what it seems may be what it seems.
 In short, the author is a confused and deeply troubled person.
 Nevertheless, this is a jape.

 Oh, the mask off! J92m.0m B. Tanner. It goes to 4 of the 8
-
He hugged her.
 "I don't know how I'm going to live without you, but I can't imagine never having loved you.
 And I'm so glad you told me that you love me."
 "I do.
 I love you with all my heart."
 She pressed her lips to his neck and felt his pulse quicken.
 "You like being kissed on the neck too, don't you?"
 she whispered into his ear.
 "I like it anywhere you kiss me."
 She pressed kisses along his neck and then across his jaw, finally reaching his mouth.

find out where it was. and he picked up92m a0m few.<eop><eod> It was around 11
-
I'd just managed to drop off into a fitful sleep when she came back home and ruined any chance of me catching up on the sleep I'd missed because of the trip.
 I'd never been able to go back to sleep after being woken up in the morning, but I tried anyways.
 By the time I finally gave up and got out of bed I was not a happy camper.
 I was even less so by the time Mom finally woke up.
 Rachel not having been at Les Misérables had been preying on my mind the whole time I'd been studying, and since Brandon wouldn't work for girl talk, I needed to hash it all out with my mom.
 Only she was so far gone, getting anything out of her was all but impossible.
 She interrupted partway through my description of what'd happened to ask if I'd noticed when the light outside my bedroom had stopped working.
 As if I cared when some stupid bulb burned out.
 I tried for another fifteen minutes, but once her mind started focusing on a new project, anything less than the domestic version of a tactical nuke had effectively zero chance of catching her attention.
 Apparently someone decided that having my mom completely ignore me in my moment of need was going a little too far on the divine retribution.

ice?92m<eop>0m Rachel and Brandon were lying on a couch in search of some cry to cry when I was
-
“This way,” Rodregas said to her.
 As he separated her from the male prisoner he whispered to her, “If you want to live, don’t do anything until your circle starts to burn, then I will throw the club at the other guard.
 Run and make sure you get out of the circle.” She jerked towards him as he spoke and Rodregas was struck once again by the beauty of her amazing eyes, but he forced her forward hoping that she could think on her feet.
 Rodregas carefully led her over the outer white circle and into a yellow circle that was across from the Celestial Lion.
 Captain Poir led the man into the pale green circle that was the closest to being in the exact middle and was most strongly interconnected to the other circles.
 As Rodregas crossed into the main circle, the sense of power almost made him stumble.
 He knew his own power was minimal, not much above average, but his few years of training as a boy had opened him up to magic more than the other three guards on the tower roof.
 Rodregas knew that if Ravenhurr had ever thought he had more than basic magic training he would long have been reassigned to a duty far from the ceremony.
 The very air seemed to strum like a stringed instrument with the gathered magical power.
 Rodregas could not help but think about how out of his depth he was trying to interfere with the ritual ceremony.

o92m not0m feel for the others and try hurt their feelings for the so-called old Master of All the
-
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 This true story is especially for Cliff and Billy Torrey and Bob Williams, and for Toni Torrey, Steve Havens, Lucas and Carol Field, Ron Maxted, Barbara Williams, Maggie Askew, Pam Greenman, Kenny Jr. and Jennifer Niedermeyer, Lane Campbell, my cousins Stevie, Kris, Wendy, Jill, Ed, Tim, Patti and Susan, my beloved kids, Darcy, Cody, Zoe, Darren, and Nick, and Laura Munger, Pam Fox, and Karen Flagstad, wherever you are.
 READING BROTHER LAWRENCE
 Words
 A single word can change our lives.
 Some years ago, I began to think hard about the word "love" as in "God is love" and in a challenge Sylvia Curtis made.
 Sylvia was an invalid, and rather crazy, given to dark moods and paranoid notions.
 She was the mother of my best friend Eric.

ophet in many ways. What does she mean? What92m does0m she want to say? What she has
-
With that on top of my swimsuit making me look fat, well I just didn’t feel up to it.
 Liz - I guess I’m going to have to talk to her again.
 This time she’d better listen.
 Jim – Um, ok.
 Liz – I gotta be going soon to the showing.
 Will you please stop by?
 Jim – Will your mother be there?
 Liz – For at least a little while.
 Jim – I really don’t want to see her again.
 Especially after you ‘talk’ to her.

t is,92m not0m so sad. Dean George, Anne Marvel, Frank Azenberg, I mean
-
“Doi’van and Imeralda, do they live?” he got the words out, though it hurt his throat to speak.
 “Oh, yes, Imeralda is fine,” the Nymph healer responded.
 “She was not hurt at all.
 Doi’van was injured pretty badly, but not as badly as you are.
 You both should be dead from your wounds several times over.
 I thought at first you both had a sigil of healing, that would be the only way for you two to be alive, but Imeralda says that you are both ‘of the blood.’ You are a lucky man, even with your blood, to be alive.” “May I speak to them?” Rodregas asked as he looked around the room or tent.
 He was amazed that somehow they had found a safe place to recover from the battle.
 “Of course, but let’s get something just a bit more hardy in you and maybe we can move you around a bit.
 Your body has sat still too long.
 Then, you will take a nap.

time was easy, no need.92m ‘0mHelp! ‘Help!Help!Help!Help!
-
I didn't, however, plan on nearly colliding with Alec as he slowly rounded the corner in front of me.
 The tension of the near-fight earlier had distracted me from just how incredible-looking he was.
 There was no such refuge now.
 For a moment I couldn't think of anything other than how the dark blue of his shirt brought out his tan complexion.
 If his gorgeousness had stopped there, I probably would've been okay, but the little spirits in charge of keeping the universe in equilibrium must've been momentarily busy with something more important.
 The blue buttons that kept his shirt snuggly wrapped around his impressive torso were almost the exact shade of his eyes, which happened to be staring at me with a trace of something different than his normal self-assurance.
 In someone else I would've almost said gratitude, but his manner was too arrogant for that.
 More than anything else, that was what finally shook me from my reverie.
 He was already talking.
 "...wanted to talk to you about what happened today."

at what my objections might have prompted earlier.92m<eop>0m Alec had to offer a few words of mercy over
-
“What are you…‌awww, damn it.”
 He sat up straight and shook his head, trying to clear the fuzz that clogged the vast empty space between his ears.
 Qurrah helped by offering a third kick, this one right to the kidney.
 Harruq gasped and staggered to his feet.
 He was outside their little home in seconds, urinating on the grass.
 “Hadn’t pissed yet,” Harruq shouted to his brother.
 “You could be a bit kinder, you know.”
 “At least you’re awake,” Qurrah said back.
 “Now get to the castle.
 I may not approve, and I still don’t trust them, but for once we might have something worthwhile to eat.

off the water out of a red hot, burning straw in the dugout, then make our way92m down0m
-
For a moment all three glanced about, the atmosphere akin to air before a thunderstorm.
 Qurrah broke the silence.
 “Woodhaven is behind us,” he said.
 “I have made mistakes, as has my brother.
 I saw you leave with him, and I know you sacrificed much to protect him.
 For this, I thank you.
 All I ask is that we speak naught of this again.
 If we are to travel together, it is my only wish.”
 “A wish gladly granted,” Aurelia said, a tiny smile finally cracking free.
 “So where is it we should go?”

is, explaining that her and Amir were traveling together on similar terms,92m which0m meant that they would take the
-
Frankly I am worried that you will both give it back to me when I am sleeping tonight.” Imeralda looked surprisingly guilty, Doi’van looked... well Rodregas could not guess what the expression on his blunt rough face meant.
 “Look,” said Imeralda once again shaking her long hair behind her, “I feel terrible about that.
 I told Audrian that I was not sure you were really Ravenhurr and that the spell did not go as planned.
 By the Infernals, if the spell had gone as planned I would have burned in creation fire and my magic would be inside of your body right now.” She caught him with those large amazingly green eyes and said, “I had a theory on what happened, but was not sure how to explain it so Audrian would understand.
 He was adamant, and I couldn’t argue with his logic, as he had said to you last night, you must be either Gerald or Ravenhurr.” “But you aren’t,” she continued, “And well, you actually seem pretty nice, and you can handle yourself in a fight.
 I was just joking about the bow.
 You have been really generous.
 I was just talking.
 You two can both wrestle a bear barehanded and probably win.
 Hell, Audrian stabbed you with a knife last night and while you are bleeding a bit, you are getting around pretty well considering you had a knife in you last night.

 on the back of your Armor vest it looks to me, and not92m your0m Splash vest.
-
A Man behind the Curtain.
 I deplore the Religious Right (which, as the bumper sticker says is neither) and I’m uncomfortable with the entry of religion into politics.
 I even dislike the “In God We Trust” on our currency.
 But I am, for want of a better word, religious.
 That’s me.
 Is this the norm and people find it better to simply not talk about it?
 I’ll tell you where my cogitation has led me.
 I’ll keep you in suspense no longer about my conclusion.
 It is this: we are not cynical.
 We do not deny our left arms, our spiritual sides.

ght arms, our moral, our class. We don’92mt0m do the political; we do not do
-
He smiled down into her face, which was now tantalizingly close to his.
 He quickly pressed his cheek to her hair, tightening his arms for just a moment before releasing her.
 "Come on--let's go see what else we can find."
 He took her to a drugstore, handing her a 20-dollar bill and wandering off when he realized that there were some toiletries she needed but was too embarrassed to pick up while he was watching.
 When she was done, he took her to a jewelry store, thinking she might like that, but there was jewelry in 1927.
 She was much more interested in the electronic gadgets next door, and she spent ten minutes exclaiming over the effects of a blacklight.
 When he bought her one, her face came alive with delight.
 "It'll make your rug glow!"
 "Just what I always wanted: fluorescent purple carpet."
 But he grinned as he took the bag from the cashier.

hadn'92mt0m yet eaten, for whatever reasons he assumed that it had been him--all that
-
The Celestial Gods pick their Paladins from their membership.
 Sigil Warriors - Those who are born with magical talent but do not wish to be sorcerers have the opportunity inscribe a sigil on their magic talent that uses up a portion of their magical ability.
 Lesser sigils are simple such as health, strength, quickness.
 Greater Sigils are more complex and can mimic the powers of Celestial Beast or Infernal Daemons.
 Dire Beast - Are common mortal animals that have breed with either a celestial beast or an infernal daemon.
 Dire Beast who are of the Blood are direct descendent while, a regular dire beast will be several generation removed but still show signs of their ancestry.
 Night Bronze - a heavy armor usually only worn by warriors who are either part Celestial or are Hellborn or have a Sigil of Strength due to its heavy weight.
 The metal is highly magical and can hold powerful enchantments.
 Though very strong it does not hold an edge well and is seldom used to produce an edged weapon.
 Mithril - a silvery metal that is light in weight.

considered92m the0m sub synonym of Celestial Blood and of the Blood. Mithril
-
After me.
 I didn’t hesitate, just pulled my arm up and swung hard, backhand.
 The blade cut clean and his head rolled backward, hitting the ground with a sickening thud.
 I looked away.
 The others stared at me.
 I couldn’t blame them.
 Steed’s voice was low, wary.
 “He didn’t mean you, Frey.” I turned, unable to stand the bloody vision in my peripheral.
 The tracker’s words waited in Chevelle’s hand.
 “Okay,” I said, feeling slightly detached from myself.

egan, “Everything has gone great, every single day. It has been92m a0m joy. Meeting
-
He wanted to whisper to her as he removed it, and give her a hint of the desperate gambit that he was about to try, but he knew that it was not worth the risk of others overhearing.
 Both of their lives depended on her doing what Rodregas had told her.
 If he succeeded, she would know what Rodregas had done; if he failed, well he was familiar enough with that feeling.
 He saw her lips forming something under her breath, probably a spell, but she did not have time to execute a spell of sufficient strength in the time left her.
 Magic took too long to prepare to be useful so quickly.
 Ravenhurr stepped into the last circle; the one made entirely of what appeared to be fresh blood and of symbols made from the careful placement of living organs.
 Rodregas breathed in deeply, trying to settle himself, and almost gagged from the smells: the stench of fresh blood, the scent of fear from the prisoners, the smell of power, and other smells that he could not identify.
 Rodregas closed down on himself, “Duty,” he thought.
 “My real duty this time, focus on the next step.
 I can do this.” As Rodregas raised the club, he kept his eyes away from the AElf maiden not wanting to give himself away to anyone watching.

. He looked down92m at0m his wrist, but he could not find any indicator of that it was carried
-
Mainland China had become communist and was therefore excluded from the power structure.
 India and the other colonies had not yet gained their freedom.
 In recognition of the mutual suspicions between Russia and the Western powers, the rule of unanimity usually adopted by political conferences was applied to decisions made by the five major powers that became the permanent members of the Security Council.
 The rest of the world was poorly represented.
 Only 51 nations – including only two African states, two East Asian nations and three Soviet republics – out of the current total of 184 UN members were present at its founding.
 This structure is based on political realities that no longer hold true.
 As the limitations of the League led to renewed conflagration two decades later, so the arrangements underlying the establishment of the UN contained within them the seeds of the confrontation between the superpowers and the Cold War.
 The present international system of governance is as far from being truly representative and ‘democratic’ as many erstwhile authoritarian governments that incorporated the popular adjective in the names of their parties or states.
 The UN Charter assigns primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security to the Security Council of 15 members, of whom five are permanent members with veto power over all matters.
 In no other constitution or organization founded on democratic principles is it accepted that a few members may thus invalidate the decisions of the majority.

 points: the intent of92m a0m highly-defined report should not be circulating outside of the authority of the coordinator
-
Instead, Qurrah walked over and put a hand on his brother’s shoulder.
 “Be careful,” he said in his raspy voice.
 “Your power was given at a cost.
 Any hesitation or doubt risks the permanency of your gift.
 I understand, please know that.
 In time, you will learn, and you will see things as I do.
 Until then, rest.
 Velixar will come for us soon.
 I do not want to fail him.
 That is all that matters.

ke time and remain vigilant92m.0m We race so fast. We move so fast. So what can I do
-
Jim – I did a lot of snooping around and eavesdropping.
 Almost got skinned alive when mom found out that I was doing it.
 If you think mom made your life miserable, Grandpa Davis was even worse to his kids.
 He fell in somewhere between mom and Eugene’s dad.
 Closer though to Gene’s dad I think.
 Johnny – Does this mean that we descend from a long line of crazy people?
 Jim – Well maybe.
 As near as I can tell, yes.
 Johnny – I’m depressed.
 Jim – (hands him a comic book) Sumo Assassin?

 don’t even know what they are92m.0m Jim – My problem is my mom playing the games
-
He was a deeply religious man accompanied by his mousy wife and perfectly groomed daughter, all dressed in their Sunday best on their way home from church.
 He had believed all of Brandon’s lies, trusted my son and his roommates and ended up landlord of a drug den.
 He was devastated to see the condition of his property but he was strangely calm and understanding.
 He simply wanted our help to get Brandon’s belongings out of his house and fix things as best we could.
 He gave us an offer we couldn’t refuse.
 If we would get everything out by the evening and pull out all of the carpet, he would not pursue damages.
 None of us were prepared for what we saw when we turned the key in the lock and opened the door.
 Paper and cardboard blackened the windows.
 When we removed these window covers, we found broken panes behind them.
 The bedroom doors had been kicked in, and broken bongs and stem pipes, empty cigarette packs, matchbooks, just trash littered every surface.

his house clearly not in our future. I remember his painted desk with what he calls92m “0msession of
-
Still, sitting through a song about 'ladies of the night' as my mom still called them, had seemed like a small price to pay for getting to listen to the rest of the play.
 By the middle of the song both of the oversexed boys behind me were whispering catcalls.
 I felt my ears going red.
 I wanted nothing more than to sink down into my seat and try to ignore them, but once guys got started on something like that, they never stopped.
 Some of the people around me were starting to evidence signs of annoyance, but that just spurred the hecklers on to greater heights.
 I was so worried they were going to ruin everyone's experience, that I turned around and shot them a dirty look.
 "Oh, sweetie, don't you worry, we've been aching to get our hands on you all night.
 We're saving plenty of loving for you later.
 Meet us out back after this crap is over and we'll give you a real show."
 My mouth dropped open in shock.

any of those after rental the last few months, not making any such films available to92m rent0m
-
Brandon's face remained serious through Britney's torrent of words, but he winked at me when she looked down to catch her breath.
 "Perfect.
 I'll go take care of some stuff then.
 You two enjoy all of that math, and I'll see you tomorrow morning.
 Maybe you'll even wait for me at your house this time."
 It unsettled me a little that such a simple statement could cause industrial-sized butterflies to spontaneously appear in my stomach, so I tried to push the thought out of my mind.
 I hesitantly returned Rachel's tentative smile, and then dug into my homework.
 Mrs. Campbell stopped by for a few minutes, obviously checking to make sure that I was over my aberrant behavior from yesterday.
 I got the feeling she would've liked to chat for a bit longer, but we had the predictable surge in attendance given the coming test.
 I gave her my best reassuring smile as she left, and then watched as she and the other tutors all bounced from one student to the next answering questions.

 catch up92m with0m Rachel in the morning, and since they are mine, well."<eop> "
-
“Too late,” said a voice from the stairs.
 Both turned to see Ahrqur standing at the top step, his arms crossed.
 He was dressed in a long green robe.
 Silver swirls marked the sleeves and front.
 Brown hair fell far past his shoulders.
 “Pleased to meet you,” Harruq said with a bow.
 “Indeed,” Qurrah said, his hand itching to retrieve his whip curled underneath his raggedy robe.
 “If you are thieves, you are certainly incompetent ones,” Ahrqur said, his voice full of contempt.
 He descended halfway down the stairs, his eyes never leaving the two.
 “Of course, what could one expect from Celestia’s cursed?”

 Qur92mrah0m asked.<eop> The two turned back towards the leading steps. A short while passed before
-
Such a system necessarily demands massive investments by each country in military capabilities.
 These investments are inevitably perceived by other nations as real or potential threats to their own security, thus fuelling compensatory escalation of military capabilities by other states.
 Calls for disarmament alone cannot and will not eliminate the problem.
 They must be complemented by concrete measures to establish an alternative mechanism to ensure the security of nations.
 This is one of the major reasons why expectations of a massive peace dividend have not been fulfilled.
 World military spending has not declined significantly because the competitive security paradigm remains intact.
 Steps being taken by the members of the European Union to build a truly cooperative security system indicate the right direction for the world as a whole.
 It is no wonder that the first such initiative comes in Europe, which has been the leader of thought for the past 500 years – from the birth of modern science and parliamentary democracy to nationalism, socialism and universal education – and which has been working for the past five decades to evolve a viable working model of fully democratic, voluntary supra-nationalism.
 Democratization of the UN: The phenomenal advance of Europe’s multi-dimensional unification is a clear indication that in future international institutions will play a more important role than national governments.
 But this can happen only to the extent that these institutions are living proponents of democratic functioning and individual freedom.

intermediary, who is the predecessor, to whom sovereignty and personality lead to the character that92m defines0m the leader
-
Britney's gasp had all the dramatic effect you'd expect out of someone who'd spent the last decade of her life getting away with pretty much whatever she wanted.
 She was obviously pretending to be sorry, all the while figuring her current trouble would blow over quickly enough if she just played her cards right.
 "Your father agrees with me that your studies should be your highest priority, so you'll be staying an extra hour starting today, and ending once your performance improves.
 Of course you can always continue to just waste your study time, but if you choose to do that I've been assured that additional penalties will follow quite rapidly starting with the loss of your car."
 The next gasp was less impressive, but tangibly more genuine.
 Even my being next couldn't stop a flash of satisfaction at the way Britney was finally having to face some of the consequences of her actions.
 Mrs. Campbell dismissed her with a wave, waiting until she'd left, shutting the door with a tad more force than strictly necessary.
 "While I can't for a moment understand why you've chosen to befriend Britney, I can't fault you on your willingness to help her despite her flaws."
 I should have been overjoyed I wasn't in trouble.
 Instead I felt guilty for being given far more credit than I deserved.

er the halls, only to be alone with my mother, who refused92m to0m watch me arguing over a
-
Alec shrugged.
 "I came out okay all things considered."
 He was going to have to rethink this deflection thing, but now didn't seem like the time to get pushy.
 I forced a measure of gaiety into my voice and smiled up at him.
 "Well, I'm glad things turned out the way they did.
 Otherwise we'd both be dead."
 Alec flinched slightly, and then looked at the grotto.
 "I suppose I'd better clean this up or Donovan is going to be very unhappy with me."
 "Who's Don...." I felt my mouth drop as I finally recognized my surroundings.
 "I've been here before.

to be my training grounds.92m"0m<eop> Malcolm walked me to my circle of work. As we approached
-
I could find no humor now.
 Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.
 But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
 I didn’t want to continue.
 How could I have been so stupid as to forget it was my mother who had destroyed the northern clans, taken the families from everyone I knew?
 As they stood protecting me, the betrayal I’d felt before was gone.
 In its place was a new hurt, a heart-rending sorrow.
 They heard my sobs.
 I was aware of their eyes on me before they uncomfortably turned away again.

I’ been malign. Aurora’d been slain92m by0m a monster. I still cannot
-
Harruq could only shrug.
 More shouts came as two other elves turned the corner.
 Aurelia swore as she heard what they said.
 “They call me traitor,” she said.
 “I protected you, and now I am a traitor.”
 The half-orc stepped before her, preparing his swords.
 “They won’t touch you.”
 “I know,” Aurelia said, summoning the last bit of magic inside her.
 A tear in the fabric of reality ripped open, swirling with white and blue magic.
 “Get in,” she yelled.

-Arrid herself92m,0m at her full dark power. Their skill out-balances those around
-
Our dogs went crazy—they were as startled as we were.
 Who the fuck was at our back door?
 It was Brandon’s druggie friend, high as a kite, rambling a mile a minute.
 What would possess him to go to the backdoor and not the front but being high and thus, stupid.
 Brandon had been arrested, he told us, in a set-up drug sting.
 He was in the local jail and had been calling friends to bail him out.
 Our son hadn’t called us for bail; I had told him that he shouldn’t bother me when he got busted, one thing I had said that had apparently sunk in to his thick head.
 He was alive—a relief—but we had no idea how much trouble he was in.
 The thoughts of trial and incarceration were unthinkable, but they were likely.
 The memory of accompanying my mother half way across the country to visit my brother in jail came back strong.

erybody on the right forum to hold on to their Delaware plates like that92m,0m to everyone on the right forum
-
I didn't let them touch me.
 Not even to help me up."
 She played with a damp, curling lock of his hair.
 "I'm still a woman of the '20s.
 I don't let men hold my hand or embrace me or touch me in any way .
 .
 .
 unless I know they truly care about me."
 He turned to her, reading trust and honesty in her eyes.
 Without a word he slid his arms around her, burying his face in her neck as he hugged her.

to '20 men," she whispered. "I don92m'0mt want to bring up
-
He'd been preoccupied with thoughts of Marie ever since he'd seen her picture.
 Was it possible that his thoughts had somehow brought her here?
 But even if that were true, how could he have known that thinking about someone would cause her to appear?
 He'd loved studying history in school, and Abraham Lincoln had never appeared.
 He scowled at the chicken as he took it from the oven.
 How was he going to help her get back?
 He didn't have much faith-- Marie's scream almost made him drop the chicken.
 Depositing the pan on the stove, he ran to the living room.
 She was sitting up, gasping for breath, a look of terror on her face.
 "What's wrong?"

the chicken out of the cupboard.92m 0m"No, not , never "--
-
There’s a live version of “A Marriage of Rue,” which is just horrendous.
 I’m not sure which concert it comes from but I’m guessing an early one.
 It doesn’t sound like we’re even playing the same song.
 And Skippy sounds like he’s off in Oz—he was often a lost mook.
 CM:  	What else?
 BG:  	Have you heard this thing or not?
 CM:  	No, I haven’t heard it.
 It was being circulated in Memphis right before I came out here.
 There’s a renewed interest in the band, as you know.
 BG:  	Yeah.

prise92m-0mand-ex-explicit back in Memphis. I was shocked—-
-
He should cherish you, make you feel like you're everything to him, not just a part of his life with no more importance than any other part."
 Tears were rolling down her cheeks, and her mother took her hands, examining her eyes anxiously.
 "What happened to you, Marie?
 Did you run off with a man?"
 "No!
 I would never run off and leave you wondering what had happened to me."
 She hugged her mother.
 "I love you, Mother.
 And I need--" "Marie?
 Davis is leaving."

her sees you leaving, sister." "I need Davis now92m.0m I need Christina
-
She put on all her 1927 clothes, even the stockings that she’d stopped wearing once she’d gotten used to her comfortable 2011 clothes.
 She headed for the stairs but then stopped.
 Quietly she approached Rick’s door and opened it just a little.
 Rick was sprawled on his back, a sheet covering him from the waist down.
 Tears filled her eyes.
 She’d miss him so much.
 The sky was turning a dark gray when she walked into the garden.
 Grace, their cook, would be getting up soon.
 Her father liked to have a cup of coffee as soon as he woke up.
 Her mother usually got up to have breakfast with him unless it was raining.

g on little more than a burrito.<eop> Graham McKay was planning to meet Grace at their house92m after0m
-
Clapton, Hendrix…uh, B.B.
 CM: 	You hung out with Hendrix for a while, right?
 Tell me what that was like.
 BG:  	Hendrix was a cool cat, man.
 He was just cool.
 He sweated it.
 He fucking slept with his guitar, you know?
 CM:  	Slept with it?
 BG:  	Literally.
 Fucking literally slept with it.

92m<eop>0m<eod> W yourself, yer beard, yer purity, yer cool eye,
-
As they stepped out of the room of Infernal sigils and carefully closed the door behind them, Doi‘van still seemed unsteady and Rodregas wondered if his own experiences had prepared him more naturally for this.
 Rodregas had changed bodies before.
 “Doi’van, why don’t you sit down and rest for a second?
 I will check on Imeralda,” Doi’van nodded his thanks and sank down on the floor.
 Doi’van seemed to need to think more than rest, but either way Rodregas made sure he was ok and then went to check on Imeralda.
 He hoped she had not touched the One Tree.
 As he approached where Imeralda had shown them the door he was dismayed to see only black stone.
 “Damn,” he said quietly.
 He went to the middle where the door had been and was relieved when he was able to step through the invisible but open doorway.
 He felt nothing as he stepped through the illusion and quickly looked around the chamber for Imeralda.

d what I am here in this spectacular illusion,”92m Rod0mregas finally admitted. “Oh dear, I
-
Jason, who sat next to her, was pretending to be fascinated by her rant.
 Emily stopped in mid-sentence when she noticed me sitting beside her.
 “Jazell, you’re here!” she exclaimed.
 “Is it true, did you take on a monster by yourself yesterday?” I sighed, shooting a look at Seth.
 “Yes it is.
 Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
 “How could you Jazell?
 You could have gotten seriously hurt.
 Plus I bet all of us want a shot at them too.” She huffed and shook her head.
 The light brown curls that framed her pretty face bounced around playfully.

lenched fists. I was getting a pickle. This92m was0m the heck place to have a playfully ex
-
“I nearly ran myself to exhaustion fetching Jordaan to heal you.
 I was using my own relationship to rescue you, who I have known less than a season.
 And now that all this effort has been done you are going to get mad… mad at the only reason you two are alive to complain at all?
 Well to the Infernal with you.”  With that Imeralda turned and jumped back into the trees.
 The half Nymph’s anger, though not meant to cool the warriors, had that effect as both men stood in shock at Imeralda’s normally calm demeanor.
 Doi’van wilted like a flower without water in the sun; he literally sat down on the ground.
 Rodregas simply sagged as the truth behind the half AElf’s words sank in.
 Jordaan simply stood watching the scene, without his normal expression of cheer.
 Finally Rodregas turned to Jordaan and said, “Imeralda is right and I apologize for our anger.
 It is misplaced.

Your confusion and shock and panic want to slap at92m Jor0mdaan, but he stands firm within enough
-
"No thanks--I have a dishwasher."
 "A maid?"
 "No."
 He chuckled.
 "Watch."
 He quickly loaded the dishwasher, poured in the soap, and turned it on.
 "The door is locked, and hot water will blast the dishes."
 She blinked.
 "How?"
 He laughed.

2m me0m your name, trust me.<eop> "I remember this one happening. I remember"
-
Then there is Gene.
 Well Gene is Gene.
 That was like asking a blind man to describe the color blue.
 What made you ask us?
 Johnny – You might have known.
 You’ve got all those years of experience.
 Hell, if Liz likes you enough to stick around all these years some other girl might have at least liked you enough to let you touch one of her boobs.
 Jim – Well we’ve never touched any breasts.
 Eugene – I did once.
 Jim – When?

’t a question. Johnny – We have decided to go with the changes that we92m are0m taking
-
CM:  	Velvet Underground.
 BG:  	Second only to The Beatles.
 Yeah, I believe that.
 Not for the weak of heart.
 CM: 	The Who.
 BG: 	Ok, I get you.
 Yeah, maybe second only to the Beatles.
 Who wants rankings?
 The Who are musical dynamite, man.
 CM:  	Creedence.

Second only to92m the0m Beatles in my eyes. CM: Riverside.<sep> cell
-
Greg: I’m confused.
 Cindy: That’s obvious.
 Greg: Who is the creator and what doesn’t he like?
 Cindy: She like!
 Greg:  She like?
 Cindy:  The creator is the one who gives order to the universe.
 The creator likes us all to play their part.
 Greg:  What part is that?
 Cindy:  For me I pretend to be a rodeo clown.
 Now get back to your part.

s just a Cleveland courtroom lawyer as one might expect. Greg: I don92m’0mt know who he
-
It’s what I do best.” He drew out his swords, still dripping with blood.
 “Perhaps you didn’t believe it, but this is me.”
 “Don’t do this,” Aurelia said softly.
 “It doesn’t have to be this way.
 Please, Harruq.
 I don’t want to fight you.”
 “I didn’t want you to fight either,” Harruq said, his eyes leaving hers for an instant.
 He took a step toward her and raised his swords, just as when they sparred.
 “Stop this,” Aurelia said.
 Her staff remained at her side.

o say that, now92m that0m I’ve seen you involved in this. That my body can weaken
-
Alec's chuckle seemed to reach out and caress me.
 "I take it you'd be up for a brief field trip then?"
 My ears must have perked up.
 For all that we'd spent an incredible amount of time together over the last little bit, he hadn't taken me anywhere.
 "A field trip sounds great.
 Except I have to be back at least three hours before the dance, or Rachel and Jasmin will eat me.
 At least that's what they said, and I tend to believe them."
 Alec crossed over to me and ran a finger down the side of my face.
 "Only you could manage to make a joke out of having fallen in with monsters."
 I shrugged.

a bit sooner92m?0m He must have wondered how much comic filler would have helped. Alec picked up
-
Eugene – And what is C?
 Johnny – If I’m going to be given that much control over my own destiny I’m going to do it right.
 To be born into a family that isn’t crazy.
 Eugene – I would settle for C.
 Jim – Who wouldn’t, but it’s not one of the choices.
 Which side do you lean to then Gene?
 To be or not to be?
 Johnny – What a stupid way to pose the question.
 Eugene – Life.
 For myself, I prefer life.

k of fear. spaces, places, time, people. The blur of belonging to who92m I0m am
-
I'd rather it be just the four of us for a while."
 "Soon it'll be the six of us."
 She frowned up at her brother.
 "What do you mean?"
 "We might just have to make it a double wedding."
 Her mouth fell open.
 "You're betrothed?"
 "No, not yet.
 Carolyn and I are very serious, but I just couldn't think about proposing to her while you were still missing.
 But now .

.." She mumbled, "You're married. Susan. Susan's
-
The actual results were quite contrary to the expectations of these countries’ Western economic advisers, as well as to the governments and people of the region.
 The initial phase of reforms had a disastrous impact on the economies, on the people and in some countries on peace and political stability.
 From 1990 to 1993 production in all 25 nations declined drastically, from a minimum of 10 per cent in Poland, 20 percent in Hungary and 22 per cent in the Czech Republic to a maximum of 45 per cent in Russia, 57 per cent in Latvia and 75 per cent in Armenia.
 Investment fell by an average rate of 13 –14 per cent per year from 1990 to 1992, and by a three-year total of more than 50 per cent in Russia.
 The fall in real incomes followed that of output, and the impact was made even more severe, especially for pensioners, by the simultaneous dismantling of the vast social support system and dramatic increase in the cost of essential consumer goods.
 The drastic decline in living standards for the vast majority has been accompanied by the emergence of a new class of instantaneous millionaires, some on the basis of their ability in combining factors of production in new circumstances and others due to hoarding of goods under inflation, loopholes in newly enacted legislation on privatization, and personal influence with those in power.
 Inflation in most of these countries gained tremendous momentum as the reforms proceeded.
 In 1993 alone, consumer prices rose by more than 100 per cent in 15 countries, out of which 11 former republics of the USSR reported increases of more than 300 per cent.
 This was accompanied by a sharp rise in unemployment from extremely low historical levels prior to 1989 up to an average of 17 per cent in 1994.
 The tremendous physical and psychological stress experienced by people in the region as a result of the economic collapse is reflected in the sharp fall in birth rates and the steep rise in death rates.

 decade or so in the Soviet Union92m,0m the growth in production was accelerated by mass emigration from Russia.
-
Rodregas looked out the window to see a few people leaving the keep grounds, and a few still hanging around the yard.
 He knew he could not leave without everyone seeing him.
 He searched the rest of the study in the daylight.
 He found nothing of real use until he pulled a drawer completely out of the desk and found a false back to the drawer.
 He found it was holding a purple silk purse containing eight pieces of gold and two of silver.
 Now he had the money he needed to be on the run.
 After forcing himself to wait until the last visible person left the main gate, Rodregas grabbed the trunk and went to the stairs.
 He listened quietly, and hearing nothing, he set the trunk down and quietly walked down the stairs.
 The next floor housed the laboratory.
 The door was locked and he did not want to break it down until he was sure everyone had left.

t the window to see several people falling down the stairs by the way. For the92m second0m time he went
-
The Sorceress Goddess Blodeuwedd was known for how helpful she was to the rest of the Pantheon, especially Allód.
 Rodregas had always assumed that this had been the point of killing Accerntorino; if mortals where going to become Celestial they would do so on the Celestials terms.
 He raised his hand up again and touched his face, feeling its strong, smooth, square jaw.
 The teeth were not the sore, crooked teeth that he had had to be so careful to chew with this morning.
 They were now strong and straight.
 His balding head was now covered in thick long curls, too beautiful for a man in his opinion.
 Rodregas would cut the hair short when he had a chance.
 Ravenhurr had looked for the most perfect physical specimen that he could find and Rodregas was now him.
 Over the years Ravenhurr had “collected” many very gifted young men.
 These men had won athletic contests and were known for their incredible physical gifts, good looks and sharp wits.

 king, the now called92m Rod0mregas had a precious jewel in his crown, the Green Emerald One
-
Brandon Worthingfield III might not really be interested in me, but he was obviously at the top of the social food chain, and he'd already shown me way more attention than any of the boys back home ever had.
 Maybe there was some hope after all.
 ** I was lost, not just in the sense of not knowing where I was, but because I'd never been anywhere even remotely like this.
 The breeze was louder than any I'd ever heard before, and was laden with an unimaginable host of scents.
 It took me several seconds to sort through things enough to realize I was smelling things I didn't even have a name for.
 After several seconds of trying to catalog the most delightful of my new discoveries, I realized I'd had my eyes closed since I'd gotten here, possibly an unconscious defense mechanism meant to protect me from sensory overload.
 The distant sound of water trickling down a rock face, of leaves gently caressing each other in the breeze faded away as I took in an amazing wonderland of light.
 The trees I'd been listening to were exactly where I expected them to be, but it took me several heartbeats to recognize them.
 Gone were the sturdy, brown behemoths I'd spent so much time climbing with Cindi.
 Instead, pillars of soft light reached up to the sky, swaying slowly back and forth with the wind, creaking in a rhythm I'd known by heart since I was seven.

esolved them away, almost in92m a0m mirror-like effect. They sat close together, staring at me
-
A spark lit at the hem of my left sleeve and slowly worked its way up my arm.
 I wanted the fire off me, needed it put out.
 When I concentrated on that, the flame flickered.
 It flared again and Chevelle squeezed my hands; I had to be able to do this.
 I focused hard on the base of the flame as it wavered and then fell back toward the hem, where it finally choked off.
 I glanced up at Chevelle.
 He looked pleased.
 “Again,” he said as he stepped back and released my hands.
 The meadow seemed to open as a circle of fire grew in front of me.
 I tried to see past it, through the flames to Chevelle, and then it was gone.

 at Chev92melle0m and my hand went up to look at his face. I turned and watched him with
-
She wasn’t going to give up.
 Rick, still concerned about Marie, left work at 4:30, making a quick stop to pick up a surprise for her.
 To his dismay, he found her huddled in a corner of the sofa, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
 “Hi, sweetheart,” he greeted her, going to sit beside her.
 “Are you feeling better?” “I’m all right.” “I brought you something.”  He handed her a plastic bag.
 She took it and reached inside.
 “Wow!” she exclaimed as she withdrew the 16-ounce Hershey bar.
 “I’ve never seen a chocolate bar this big.” “Me either.
 It was part of a promotional display.” She tore it open, breaking off a chunk.
 “Mmm—this is so good.” He smiled.

nd reached92m up0m to it. “This is warm, this..” “I tasted this before
-
"The fact that I, a little waif from out of town, could defuse the situation and save Rachel no doubt sticks in your craw, which explains why you're lurking around out here waiting to talk to me.
 Because only then can you fabricate some reason for why everything had to go down the way it did, and thereby save face!"
 He wasn't flinching now.
 Instead his face had gotten tight and remote.
 For a second it seemed like he was looking right through me.
 "You don't understand."
 Alec's expression should have scared me.
 It sent shivers down my spine, but I was too mad to back down over a little thing like my knees nearly shaking.
 "Of course.
 That's an easy comeback.

en Stop. Then everything went wrong and Rachel was all over the place and everything went wrong92m and0m
-
Potato yields in Belgium and the Netherlands are roughly three times the world average.
 This productivity gap between what is routinely achieved by different countries represents a vast immediate potential for improving yields that does not require significant additional investment of time or money in R & D. The world already possesses the knowledge, technology and organizational capacities to raise considerably average world yields in major crops.
 Emphasizing cultivation practices
 The phenomenal increases in productivity achieved over the past three decades through the development of improved and hybrid varieties of seeds have over shadowed and distracted attention from the equally great potential of raising yields through improvements in methods of cultivation.
 This is especially true since much of the slowdown in productivity growth is attributable to depletion of soil and water resources, which can be partially rectified or offset by improved practices.
 Growing environmental concerns in the West have generated pressure for reducing fertilizer consumption in developing countries, when in most instances fertilizer application levels are lower than those in Western Europe by a factor of five or ten times.
 Increased, rather than reduced, use of chemical fertilizers will be essential to the expansion of agriculture in these countries and can considerably increase crop yields.
 Total fertilizer consumption by developing countries is expected to double by 2010.
 Furthermore, replacing macro-nutrients lost during intensive cultivation does not compensate for the depletion of more than a dozen micro-nutrients that also determine the quantity and quality of crops.
 Even in such agriculturally diverse countries as the United States and India, it has been demonstrated that better management of micro-nutrients can raise productivity substantially – in some intensively cultivated areas by as much as 50 to 100 per cent or more in a wide variety of crops – without significant changes in the structure or method of cultivation.

t plants92m can0m gain large yields<eop> Several plants produce very small amounts of seed or very small amounts of seed that
-
Anyway, she took one look at this patch on my ass and drew in her breath as if I had a picture of a couple fucking on my jeans—she literally turned white.
 And sent me to the office, with a note recommending my suspension.
 I laugh now, but, hell, I was a little frightened.
 I mean, I hated school, right?
 but I didn’t want to be kicked out of it.
 CM:  	What happened?
 BG:  	Tempest in a teapot.
 They called my mother.
 My mother apologized.
 I went home and changed my jeans.

ioned being sucked into fucking a dude92m,0m but there were no words. The text said I was not
-
“I want to,” she paused and then continued her light whisper, “But being a half Nymph, half AElf means it is not easy to become involved with for a human.
 I don’t want to hurt you.” He missed her taste as she pulled away, and he was surprised by what she said, but he also knew that he no longer wanted to live in fear.
 “Shhhhh, it is all right.
 With me you never have to worry, you never have to be afraid.” He was going to tell her that he would not hurt her, but since she seemed afraid that she would be the one hurting him, he held the comment back.
 He just pulled her close again, but instead of a soft kiss he kept himself from touching her and simply looked deep into her eyes and thought about how much he appreciated her.
 Rodregas let her feel how much he thought of her.
 Only after he saw her eyes make a decision, did he slide his hands down her body and cup the small of her back and pull her into a kiss, but this time he let more of his passion and need show.
 With his kiss her resistance evaporated and she went from hesitant to eager.
 Her hands started pulling at his leather armor, eager to get him naked and feel his skin.
 At her action Rodregas felt awkward.

and then he just pulled her back into himself.<eop> “Ro, it is92m all0m all right.
-
“Thanks,” I whispered.
 “Thanks June.” “Good luck, Jazell.” I opened the door and saw that Emily and Jason were also coming out of their rooms.
 Emily looked a little shaken but she gave me a thumbs-up.
 Good luck, June’s voice whispered one more time.
 Yeah, I was going to need it.
 Big time.
 Seth, I’m coming, I thought, and I meant it.
 Hold on.
 Then I walked out to face my destiny.
 Don’t Miss Book Two in the Fall of Igneeria Series!

ere interrupted92m with0m an incantation from J. Edgar K. Keeler, an indelible
-
“Woodhaven is a symbol of cooperation between races.
 That must be ended.
 We will burn Veldaren to ash thereafter.
 Once all of Neldar is in chaos, we may proceed however we wish.”
 “Will we strike the elves?” Qurrah asked.
 “Why do you ask?”
 The half-orc laughed.
 “Mother was an orc who had lived here in Woodhaven.
 I do not know her name, other than what she instructed my brother and I to call her: Mama Tun.
 Our father was from Woodhaven, she told us.

er was from Woodhaven92m,0m she told us. I don’t know her name, yet she will be soon
-
You even got the Elvis’ hair perfect.
 Thanks.
 Liz – You’re quite welcome.
 I signed it too.
 What’s with your dad?
 He looks distracted.
 Jim – He’s in love.
 Liz – What?
 Jim – Art is in love.
 Liz – Are you sure?

is in love. Jim – She’s in love92m.0m Liz – Clay’s<cls>
-
***
 CM: 	So, tell me a little bit about life after the album.
 Life in Memphis.
 BG:  	Not much to tell, really.
 I mean it made a splash, but briefly.
 And we were asked to play everywhere.
 Suddenly, like we woke up with extra cachet.
 We did the John’s Shell, I don’t know how many times.
 Used to be we’d open for everybody, Mudboy, Expanding Head Band—whatever happened to those guys?
 Who were those guys?

t just Ma92m and0m us. Ma and I. Ma and Z. Z and Z and
-
But I was wrong.
 He told a friend of ours many months ago that I had made him happier than he'd ever been.
 "I know how hard it was between you.
 Perhaps when two complex people can't live with each other, it's because they need each other so much they hit head on.
 "I have been thinking how important it was for Eric to be free.
 God didn't make him for this world.
 God made Eric for a world someplace farther beyond our imaginations than any of us can comprehend.
 Someplace where he could run with the wind all day."
 Our friend Kenny Neidermeyer's mom was a Spanish teacher who also volunteered with a Tijuana charity.
 Since June, four of us had been riding with her to Tijuana every Sunday to play a double-header for a ball team the charity sponsored.

as 18 weeks pregnant with Sean Lemkins. I wanted us all to go92m to0m Naval Training Park
-
I'd better just find a quiet corner."
 The smile I received was sickly sweet, but left me with the impression I'd just failed a test.
 "Okay, we'll see you another day then?"
 I pulled out my Spanish and Biology books, more because they were the two subjects I was doing the worst in than out of any real desire to study them, and wandered the halls until Mr. Whethers took pity on me and asked if I wanted to study in his classroom.
 Sitting there all by myself felt so lonely.
 When you boiled it all down, I had a grand total of two friends in Sanctuary.
 Rachel and Brandon, both of who seemed to dislike the other, and neither of whom I was really sure I could count on.
 It was fine to only have two friends, or even just one friend if you knew they would do everything they possibly could to make sure they wouldn't let you down.
 It was entirely different when you weren't sure you could trust the people around you.
 Brandon was too good to be true.

d92m for0m Rachel, and pictured myself in her shoes. I knew her, and hinted at a few
-
I have Eric's treasures, which Sylvia gave me.
 Along with them came a treasure of hers, a letter from Pam Greenman.
 She wrote, "One can't begin to talk about Eric because there is no beginning, just as there is no end.
 To say what he was would be impossible since he was so different to so many people.
 To me he was something intangible.
 You could hear him, feel him, see him, but you could never grasp hold of what there was inside of him that made him Eric.
 Free, intricate, searching are all words that lived in him.
 "I first met him last summer.
 It seems like such a short time but he became so much a part of me there's no telling how many centuries of growing up we both did.
 "I took him everyplace.

ing back92m,0m shining. I was immersed in the love of literature, the love of musical styles, the
-
Liz – They were.
 Then as usual it all fell apart.
 In short dad took his secretary on the trip instead of taking mother.
 Art – So we invited her for thanksgiving.
 The woman is nearly family, I guess, in a weird contorted sort of way.
 The more the merrier.
 Jim – Who else is going to be here?
 Art – Well myself, Karen, Liz, Eugene, you and to round it all out, Johnny.
 Speaking of which where is Johnny?
 He hasn’t bothered to get in the way for the last hour or so.

sistant had arrived some 24 hours before Diane did so we92m could0m achieve what we really wanted. Art
-
The cry from Qurrah rolled over him like a horde of stampeding horses.
 All his resistance broke away, meaningless, preventing nothing.
 “Yes,” Ahrqur said.
 The words dripped out of his mouth, quiet and disgusted.
 “Yes.
 Once.”
 Harruq shook his head, hardly able to believe it.
 “You did?” he asked.
 “How long ago?”
 “Many years.

s92m I0m/I think I/ could live. It feels like a lifetime. I/I think
-
It was rare that I suffered from a panic attack in Alec's presence but the reference to what I'd lost, combined with my dreaded nickname nearly did the trick.
 As my pulse sped up again Alec pulled me in close.
 "Sorry about that.
 You do have to admit, it would help explain why you're still here."
 "Right, gorgeous, rich boy who also happens to be the next best thing to a super hero.
 I must be out of my mind not to run for the hills."
 "You don't like it when I spend money on you and the more involved you get with me the less likely it is I'll be able to protect you."
 "If I let you buy me something will you quit trying to scare me off?"
 "No, but it would make me feel better."
 He said that last with his heart stopping blue eyes gazing directly into mine and I nearly stopped breathing.

2m for0m keeping me safe.<eop> "You kept putting me off because you thought I was."
-
If you do, I'll tell them the rest.” “Seth!” Jason said and ran over.
 “You're awake, man!” “Yes and I feel like crap,” he said.
 “I think that if I try to stand up I'll either pass out or throw up.” “Will you be okay flying?” Emily asked.
 “What?” I asked.
 “Flying?
 What do you mean 'flying', Emily?” “Our new dragon friend offered to fly us out of the woods region and towards more of the mountains.
 I said yes, of course, because I don't want to walk the whole way there,” she explained and walked towards the dragon.
 “I guess...” Seth said and stood up.
 He paled and started to sway.
 Jason grabbed his shoulder to steady him.

 sides of Seth and the shibu. The92m 0mshibu lifted and watched me, and had
-
With an eager stride, Van’dret climbed up the stairs to the rooftop solar of the Guild Dealer Taiga’s tower fortress...
 He was excited by the honor to dine with the great Immortalist.
 He followed a servant dressed in expensive silks of a drab brown color through the well lit passageways and stairs, all the while nervously straightening his own expensive wardrobe.
 As they approached the top of the tower, the servant silently stepped aside and, with an open palm, waived Van’dret forward.
 The top of the stairs had a small platform where two massive Immortal Guards stood.
 At first they showed no signs of movement, though Van’dret could feel their eyes on him as they weighed his right to enter the private solar of their master.
 In their full plate Night Bronze, the two guardsmen who stood perfectly still at full attention looked to be more statues than actual men, and something that was not beyond the magic of the man was whose door they guarded.
 The double doors leading to the private solar were also of Night Bronze, however the door was covered in intricate wards and symbols.
 The guardsmen's armor was less decorated and held only an engraving of their sigil animals.
 The guard on the right had an engraving on his Pauldrons, the piece of armor that protects his shoulders of the Celestial beast know as The Stag while the man on the left had an engraving of The Mastiff.

ht92m in0m the usable ranks of the Guild Dealer Taiga was a dresser and hair stylist. The
-
He never would have guessed it.
 Well, except for the time she'd tried on the jeans.
 She had shapely legs-- "Rick?"
 She was growing redder as he continued to gape at her.
 "Hmmm?"
 "Does it fit?
 Is this how it's supposed to look?"
 "Oh.
 Yeah.
 It looks great."

 she had a real idea of doing something fun92m.0m "Yeah. I<sep> the
-
Aurelia froze, her blood as cold as when she had sensed the man in black.
 This time no magic could be blamed, and no sense of death.
 No, it was just the sight of Harruq, dressed in black armor and wielding ancient blades dripping with blood.
 Just the sight of him massacring an elven warrior.
 “Oh, Harruq,” she whispered.
 Then he saw her, and all time stopped.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The two half-orcs heard the sounding of the horn but did not know its purpose.
 So far from any human soldiers, they could only guess.

2mq0m to act then, said Aurelia to Shannon. That made it easier for Harru
-
"No, thank you."
 "If you need anything, just yell."
 He smiled.
 "Goodnight, Marie."
 "Goodnight."
 When he was gone, she listened at the door.
 The rug that covered the entire house made it impossible to detect his footsteps, but after several seconds she felt secure enough to undress.
 It wasn't that she didn't trust him; she just felt ill at ease disrobing with a man she wasn't related to just inches away.
 She took off her dress and laid it carefully over the commode.
 Then she removed the binding that kept the straight line of her dress from being spoiled.

rs (ten pages). She opened the envelope that contained92m the0m bulk of her work and opened
-
I was so caught up watching Britney that it took me several seconds to notice the differences in her date.
 Brandon had always exuded a sense of confidence, but sometime since I'd last seen him, it had morphed into something even more aggressive.
 He still cut through crowds, but people weren't moving out of his way out of deference anymore.
 Instead they were dodging away to avoid being run over.
 I felt the fine hair on the back of my neck stand on end, but was distracted by Alec's return before I could figure out what else had changed about Brandon.
 Jasmin pulled Rachel to her feet, and gently pushed her towards Alec before casually taking a seat next to me.
 It was a careful act.
 I'd spent way too much time with the pack to believe any of them had failed to notice Brandon's entrance.
 My gaze wandered back to where Vincent and Cassie were arrogantly walking through the door.
 Where Brandon had chosen a fairly traditional black tux, Vincent had selected a silvery masterpiece that probably cost only half as much as the former's outfit, but which practically screamed for attention.

company offered, Cassie, and I decided92m to0m sneak around getting our own accessories in the name of this
-
I want to be with you."
 Alec studied me for a moment longer, and then nodded, a short, choppy motion with little if any of his usual grace.
 "Very well then.
 It's just after ten o'clock.
 Your mom is about to pull into the driveway.
 Do your best to convince her you spent the night safely at home.
 We'll stay here and watch over the two of you.
 Also, if you can convince her it's safe to leave on an extended trip, that would be very helpful.
 Once she's gone, I'll come back for you."
 I opened my mouth to ask him what he meant, only to be distracted by the sound of the Jeep's engine as it rolled to a stop on the cement pad.

n another car was driving away from me, leaning back92m and0m taking closer looks at me, but not getting
-
After all the shit Lor has had to put up with, from Memphis, from Crafty, from that fuck, Hudson.
 CM:  	Did you talk music?
 You and Skippy?
 BG:  	Music.
 Love.
 Death.
 We talked, you know?
 It was good.
 CM:  	But, Crafty---
 BG:  	Fuck him, you know?

after she found those sentiments, and they just just got all blown92m.0m<eop><eod> Jones
-
Guy could laid every night on the road.
 Partly, that’s why it’s not for me anymore, you know.
 Got my woman, got my nest.
 Rather bed down and just write.
 The business stuff, well, it’s shit, isn’t it?
 CM: 	Um--
 BG:  	What’s next, Creole, my old friend?
 CM: 	Maybe we should talk about who’s producing your newer stuff?
 In Memphis you had these gurus, these guys to sort of steer your stuff—
 BG: 	That’s a pretty good metaphor, yeah.

girls up there. Then you have to arrive at92m the0m commercial time stage. You don’
-
Just one.
 As he reached to open a drawer he felt his leg jerk back, halting his momentum.
 He crashed to the floor, screaming in pain as one of his forearms landed hard.
 Then he felt his ankle start to burn.
 “Take him, brother,” Qurrah said, his whip wrapped around Ahrqur’s left foot.
 Harruq did not bother to cross the distance.
 He had had enough.
 Condemnation flew through the air, its aim true.
 The blade sank into the elf’s back.
 Blood and fluid covered the carpet as all life fled the body of Ahrqur Tun’del.

magined himself, pentapipe, pentapipe92m,0m pentapipe, In the end, he had
-
Jim – I never said I didn’t like the Sumo Assassin.
 Johnny – Yeah you did.
 Jim - I just said it wasn’t all that good.
 Johnny – What’s the difference?
 Jim - I like a lot of stupid things.
 I usually know that they’re stupid, but I still like them.
 Like those old monster movies from the 1950s, they’re terrible, but I still enjoy watching them.
 Johnny – You’re weird.
 Jim – Haven’t we gone over this before?
 Johnny – Yeah, a bunch of times.

’ve always liked it? Jim 92m–0m Y, no way.– Johnny
-
BG: 	Peter Green’s group, right?
 They’re hip.
 Green’s great.
 CM: 	Buddy Holly.
 BG:  	All rise.
 Hats off.
 CM: 	Buffalo Springfield.
 BG:  	Oh, man, good stuff.
 Stills, Young.
 “Flying on the Ground,”  yeah.

en Too Loose, dude. AP: Seattle Thunder.92m 0mBG: Notre Dame
-
“If you say so,” Harruq said.
 “Good luck with your, uh, studies.
 I have a wall to finish building.”
 “Stay safe,” Qurrah said, offering a small wave as his brother trudged north.
 When he was gone, the smaller half-orc slipped back into the shed, removed a false floorboard, and grasped a small pouch containing various herbs, bones, and knives.
 Reaching back in again, he took out an object wrapped in sackcloth and soaked in blood.
 A knife in hand, he opened the pouch and closed his eyes.
 His mind attuned, he carved into the remains of a man’s heart.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

-0mEl Farek, Assa Tal,-O---- Bala Maz-
-
Jess was off to the left, white hot with mixed anger and fear, stabilized only by the cool, controlled pillar of power that was Isaac.
 Jasmin almost hummed under my fingertips like barely-leashed violence, while my other hand drank from the still pond that was Dominic, her mere presence feeding me comfort.
 I'd just finished identifying the raging beast to the right as James, when Brandon stepped into the light.
 He looked like some kind of pagan god, smeared all over with blood, an uneven circle drawn on his chest, filled with sharp, angry lines that didn't mean anything to me, but which made the wolves around me tense and growl.
 "While I appreciate the sentiment, it really is far too late to secure absolution by bringing me the girl."
 His voice had changed, becoming deeper and harsher, with elements that didn't sound like they could come from any human throat.
 He stepped forward, and I felt my chest seize up.
 The transformation I'd sensed the beginnings of at the dance had run its course now and any question as to why someone as cultured as Brandon would associate with a near-psychopath like Vincent was put to rest.
 He was shaking now, quivering with the need to kill, and I realized that it didn't matter whether the darkness inside Brandon had created Vincent or just attracted him to orbit in his sphere like a small moon.
 It was enough to know that Vincent's was the lesser evil.

92mt0m enough to know that Vincent's was the greater evil. There was more to this threat
-
"Dresses are sometimes quite short," she observed, "but not all of them.
 And I never would have believed that women would wear trousers in public without causing a stir!"
 "You should see the bathing suits."
 "They're shorter than the dresses?"
 He laughed.
 "`Short' isn't the word.
 There are no legs, no arms, sometimes no middle, and they're cut very low."
 "And the men aren't-aren't .
 .
 .

 m, rector,92m 0mm . . fault shooter)."
-
Jim – Well you could be the beautiful lover who turned him to evil.
 Or the cold-hearted sister figure who abandoned him when he most needed you.
 Liz – Where would they get those ideas?
 Jim – They’re historians, they get those kind of ideas all the time.
 Besides I’ll make sure to write it in my journal.
 Liz – You have a diary?
 Why didn’t I know about that?
 Am I in it?
 Did you say that I’m beautiful in your diary?
 Jim – It’s not a diary it’s a journal, there’s a difference.

 or do you think that in your journal? Jim – I think that in92m my0m journal. Like I
-
"You didn't miss anything," Rick told Marie, setting the article aside.
 "Scientists think that it would be possible to travel through time by going through these wormholes the author mentions, but it's all theory.
 Nobody has ever discovered a wormhole, and none of this stuff has ever been proven."
 Marie sighed.
 "This book isn't hard to follow, but I'm rather skeptical.
 The author says that thought is the way to travel through time.
 He says that if you concentrate hard enough on getting to the time you want to visit, you can do it."
 "Yeah, I found some ideas about that in the other books I read.
 Maybe--" "But that doesn't explain how I came here.
 I wasn't thinking about 2011."

ser focused, Marie had intended to read the book92m every0m day. "He said he would go
-
True communism has never existed.
 What lived and has finally died in Eastern Europe is not communism, but statism, the domination of the state and use of state authority to govern the life of the nation, in practice reducing people to forced labour.
 True capitalism, which regards people as a factor of production, passed away more than half a century ago, when the challenge of communism prompted Western societies to incorporate socialist principles and measures to mitigate the blind justice of the free market.
 There are no true capitalist societies in the world.
 There are no free markets.
 The free market system is highly regulated and controlled by the very state over which it claims victory.
 But although in reality both systems are dead, the ideology of the capitalist system lives on and casts an illusory impression of supremacy.
 Rather than searching for a victor and vanquished, the urgent need is to find a successor that combines and synthesizes the enlightened values of both systems – freedom and equality, liberty and security.
 It has been amply proved that the authoritarian state is incapable of exerting a benevolent authority over the people without imposing severe restrictions on freedom, stifling human energy and creativity, leading sooner or later to rising discontent and a loss of social vitality.
 It is also abundantly clear that money as an institution operating through the free pricing mechanism of the market system – although it does succeed in generating high levels of energy, creativity and productivity – regards people as a purchasable commodity or a potential market, but is otherwise indifferent to human values and welfare.

rcion and political order has never existed. In fact, it has not existed for ever92m,0m never has
-
"Don't talk to me like that!"
 "You shouted at me!"
 "You deserved it."
 She glared at him, trying to wrench her arm free.
 "You're hurting me."
 "Maybe that will remind you not to talk back to me."
 He released her with a slight shove and turned to stalk off.
 Marie's anger dissolved into pain, and she hurried to her room to hide her tears.
 She and Davis had been betrothed for just over five weeks, and during the last couple of weeks he'd lost his temper with her twice.
 Three times counting tonight.

92m?0m" Marie asked as Russ walked toward her and Davis. "It. I.
-
Her head nodded.
 It grazed Davis's shoulder.
 He looked down at her.
 "Are you sleepy?"
 "A little."
 He put his arm around her, drawing her head onto his shoulder.
 "I guess it's a good thing we didn't go dancing."
 "Mmm."
 She snuggled up against him, smiling smugly.
 He squeezed her closer, burying his nose in her hair.

ed a few events92m,0m" he said.<eop> ***<eop> They finally got to Kani for Christmas
-
“I would have it no other way,” Velixar said.
 A hand touched his forehead.
 All the anger that had raged inside Harruq roared like a fire suddenly loosed upon a dry forest.
 Sweat poured from his skin.
 His head jerked upward, his eyes soaking in the white of Velixar’s hand and the dim glow of the stars.
 Power flowed into him, his muscles stretching and tightening in a chaotic manner.
 “Rise, Harruq Tun,” Velixar said.
 “Revel in the power of Karak.”
 “By the gods, brother, if you could see yourself,” Qurrah said, his voice full of shock and wonder.
 “Just one god, Qurrah,” Velixar corrected.

h92m the0m centre of Karak. He could see a growing growth, in height and length. As
-
"House rules: you have to spend at least 15 minutes using chopsticks," she told them as they sat down to dinner.
 "After that, you can have a fork if you want."
 Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
 The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.
 His neck looked so warm and inviting.
 She wanted to bury her face in the crook of his neck and shoulder.
 Did he like being kissed on the neck as much as she did?
 Just the memory of his kisses made her heart race.
 They had coffee and dessert in the living room.
 "What a pretty sculpture," Marie said, admiring a small porcelain garden filled with flowers and a water wheel.

ween the 5 hight. bell for cooking and the 10 hight92m.0m bell for digging the garden pond
-
Ruby positioned herself in front of it, watching whatever was outside.
 I sighed.
 Plenty of time.
 I fiddled with the blankets for a few minutes, tried a couple of times—futilely—to move tiny specks of loose rock on the floor, and then gave up and decided to read the journal again.
 I rolled away from Ruby and pulled my pack into the curve of my body, settling the book open but able to be quickly hidden away.
 This morning, I extended my spell, giving Rune an extra day of sleep.
 It was a good thing, too.
 I found the camp right off and followed the tracks easily.
 The occupants must have run in panic initially, but then gathered back together and walked in a line, some two by two, some dragging sleds.
 They made temporary shelter in a cave, likely for just one night, and continued again.

here were. I could feel the bed inch closer to the edge, but92m the0m darkness seemed still.
-
LE: 	That’s what you’ve been saying.
 Some people listen.
 Others don’t.
 BG:  	Right.
 CM:  	Or “Train Tracks and Junk Tracks.”
 BG:  	Well, yeah, ok.  That’s actually a re-working of an old Skip James song, but, yeah, I was talking about junk, about some of those we’ve lost.
 Myself.
 I’ll say it here.
 I was talking about that road, which is so easy, so out there for the asking.
 And I took it, because, at the time, it seemed another way to go.

r gear92m and0m pack with us to that road. And, but, then we were on
-
An hour or so later she awoke again.
 Mmm .
 .
 .
 bacon.
 Rick must be making breakfast.
 Or lunch.
 She had no idea what time it was.
 She went to brush her teeth and take a shower.
 She decided the shower could wait until after breakfast, though, when her stomach began rumbling.

veryone else and all the guests and all 'em92m.0m Old people too. She brought down
-
Her hair was tied in a long, black ponytail, her slender figure covered by rare chainmail crafted of the hardest metals known to the intelligent races.
 She had come from deep within Nellassar, the thriving capital of the Dezren elves, as just one of many that had arrived to protect the town.
 “Many are dying,” Felewen said.
 “The humans have a spellcaster of their own who repelled our ambush.”
 Aurelia nodded.
 She knew something had gone wrong; otherwise, the battle would have been over in seconds.
 “Very well,” Aurelia said.
 “Will you accompany me?”
 Felewen smiled at her.
 She drew her longsword and saluted.

ampion of De Guard92m Fe0mlewen crafted it using all seventeen of the ruling skills of De Guard and the
-
She was where she belonged.
 Her-her .
 .
 .
 journey .
 .
 .
 had been some sort of strange magic, some sort of accident.
 She was lucky everything was back to normal.
 "I believe your taste has changed, darling," Mrs. Tranton said as she watched Marie examine her latest selection in the mirror.

 eye out for the new products at the commercial stand of Tommy'92ms0m milk next door, Mrs.
-
“They’ve turned to worshipping animals now.
 I’ve even heard of some worshipping Celestia once more, hoping she will forgive them and remove their curse.
 They are a sad race, Harruq, but believe me in saying there is no shame in your blood.”
 The half-orc shifted uncomfortably, unable to meet Aurelia’s eyes.
 He watched her trace lines in the grass.
 Seeking a way to lighten the mood, he asked her how to spell his name.
 “Harruq?” she asked.
 “Hrm.
 My best guess would be H-a-r-r-u-k.”
 A soft blow of air from her lips turned the grass to dirt so that a large space lay available for her to write on.

book from its shelf.<eop> A92mure0mlia began a circle in the soil, curling a finger around
-
A gruesome execution does not suit my immediate plans.”
 “Sure,” Harruq said.
 “Whatever you want.”
 They slept in their pile of hay and cloth.
 Harruq did not wake until late morning, but Qurrah slept far less.
 The dream had come again.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 _W_ _oodhaven burned behind him, billowing smoke.
 The sun was gone, and no stars penetrated the blanket of rainless clouds that loomed above.

the yacht ship was secure92m.0m “Jarah, you don’t need such a long interview.
-
"We're experiencing a time of more than usual difficulty, Mother, but that isn't why I've come by.
 I wanted to present my friend Adriana to you.
 She'll be staying with us for the next few weeks."
 I got a distracted smile.
 "That's nice, dear.
 You remind me so much of your father.
 So serious and worried all the time.
 Oh, how I miss him."
 Alec let his mother take both of his hands in hers.
 "I know you do, Mother.

y to help you92m?0m Can you show? Or maybe you should try talking to some of our various
-
Too many terrible deeds had occurred there, not that he had done many of them himself, but he had not been able to stop them.
 He could have tried to stop the terrible things that had happened, but he had simply chosen to survive instead.
 He knew the depth of his lack of true courage from his years of failure to act before now.
 He went through the guardroom and was happy to see that Captain Poir had followed orders; there was no sign of the eight or so prisoners, including his rescued AElfin maiden.
 He stared at the problem in the largest cell.
 There, sprawled on the floor, were the two female Dire Cats that had been used to trap the Celestial lion.
 Rodregas swore that as soon as he looked at the cats, they were already looking at him straight in the eye.
 The large green eyes demanded something of him even as the animals lay in apparent complete relaxation, sprawled on the stone floor.
 He had to let them out, but how was he going to do that?
 If he simply opened the door, they might tear him apart.

realized the glass door was smashed against the marble floor inside92m.0m It was his turn to go through
-
Brown hair fell in clumps at Harruq’s feet.
 “You’re going to leave me some up there, right?” he asked.
 “Don’t make me cut your ears,” Aurelia warned.
 Harruq began his story.
 He told her of a gift from his brother, a tiny sword Qurrah had whittled from bone.
 A bully had stolen it, but then Qurrah used a dead rat under his control to steal it back while they slept.
 The haircut and the story ended at the same time.
 Dirty hair was strewn over the grass.
 “Never had much,” Harruq said.
 “That bone sword was my only possession.

ver grown92m.0m I wouldn’t give it up in the first place. I could have picked it
-
Chapter 9: Times They Are a Changing Back in Sacramento, freebasing and disco were big.
 Before long, one of my roommates was busted with an abundance of cocaine and I narrowly missed the arrest.
 I was literally driving away from the house and saw cop cars coming down the street toward it.
 I watched in the rearview mirror as they surrounded the house and I knew he was inside high on free-base and well supplied with cocaine.
 Shortly thereafter I decided to move away and find a new environment.
 Sacramento seemed like it was now completely out of control!
 People were staying up for days on end freebasing, and it was not fun being around someone who is focused on his next fix or dolling out drugs to fellow addicts.
 I moved to Lake Tahoe because they still didn’t give a shit how anyone dressed and that was fine with me.
 No white polyester pants here!
 My best friend Pete and I opened a waterbed and hot tub store in North Lake Tahoe called Sierra Waterbeds and Hot Tubs— a venture his father funded.

Lake Tahoe was set up as a private forest92m 0mparadise. Many hours on the water, at the
-
“Yes.
 Go rest in your shame.
 I have no use for you.”
 The spirit gave Qurrah one last glare then dissipated into the fading light.
 Silence filled the room.
 “Well, what did you think?” asked Harruq.
 “I think,” Qurrah said, “that was enjoyable.”
 The two paused, each thinking the same thing.
 Finally, Harruq voiced his thoughts.
 “You think Velixar knew it when he sent us to kill him?”

dn’t he find out about it too late when we sent him away?” asks Har92mru0m
-
Side One: “Blues for Wendy Ward,”  “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  Side Two: “In Real Time Nothing Happens,”  “A Marriage of Rue,” “Hayley Mills’ Underpants,”  “For Kim Because it Went by so Fast,”
 BG:  	Had one more song we cut—remember we did this whole thing in, what, 3 days, non-stop, popping uppers, getting patty melts at 3 a.m. from Steak and Egg, so it was kind of a blur.
 And Jim could work like that—he was amazing, a guru, a conductor, a lightning rod.
 But, in that session, we cut “Gogy Goodfriend,” which never ended up on any of our records.
 CM: 	But, Melanie covered it, right?
 That’s the same song.
 BG: 	Right, right.
 We sent her a demo.
 After she came to Memphis and we, well, let’s just say we hit it off.

m came0m back. And, a few weeks later, Paula Fuller brought us “Famous Good.
-
Rodregas saw her standing on the ground.
 It was not that she had floated down.
 It was as if she had she had been in a regular sized tree.
 She smiled and waved at him to follow her.
 Rodregas decided to follow her example.
 If it did not work, between his Celestial essence and now the Night Panther’s sigil, he probably would not die.
 Sure enough he was on the ground like he had dropped a few feet and not a hundred.
 Doi’van looked at them; he seemed amused and with a deep laugh of his own made a big show of jumping off the root he was standing on.
 The few feet of his jump seemed to lack any magical qualities.
 “So, other than making the most memorable snack of my life, you say this was the equivalent of a greater sigil for the Elemental realm.

rough her gate92m;0m it stood a long wooden and metal gate. Doi’van passed the long
-
This wasn’t possible.
 Someone was playing a joke on him.
 His silence was making her uncomfortable.
 "If you could just point me toward Meadows Street .
 .
 ."
 He swallowed.
 “Do you know what year this is?” She frowned.
 “What year?” “Yes.
 You know, 1850, 1875, 1900 .

t for property. And this is where this is because it doesn92m’0mt necessarily match weekend to that month
-
Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.
 But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
 I didn’t want to continue.
 How could I have been so stupid as to forget it was my mother who had destroyed the northern clans, taken the families from everyone I knew?
 As they stood protecting me, the betrayal I’d felt before was gone.
 In its place was a new hurt, a heart-rending sorrow.
 They heard my sobs.
 I was aware of their eyes on me before they uncomfortably turned away again.
 Chevelle approached me warily as I lay curled in a ball on my blankets, the book positioned in front of me.

nd, the nuance92m of0m my mind blurred by the sound of hers.<eop> This is of course to
-
Why does he write, ‘Adult us, be real, don't frighten or gull us, Honest Merchant, Home, Bluff City.’?
 Buddy Gardner, Memphis don’t need you around no more.”
 BG: 	(laughs)  What horseshit.
 Who wrote that?
 That same dame that wrote that other fucking review, right?
 What’s she got up her ass?
 “Goodbye to the Shell” is a love song, ok?
 It’s about my hometown, the only hometown I’ll ever have.
 The only one I could leave.
 I love and hate Memphis, man.

ant me in Stage 2..92m to0m give respect, dignity, care, love and loyalty. Now
-
Aurelia walked over to him and knelt on one knee.
 She placed a hand on his head and looked over his wounds while he glared up at her.
 “Your wounds are beyond saving,” she said softly.
 “I’m sorry.”
 She ended his pain with a small lance of ice through his forehead.
 “Thank you for your aid,” one of the elves said.
 “We must fall back to the forest.
 If they chase us there, it will be suicide.”
 “We will not have to fall back so far,” Felewen disagreed.
 “They have scattered about our town.

the east end92m of0m the forest.” He pushed another hit of lightning his way to the east.
-
"How are you feeling?"
 "All right."
 She sat up and pushed her hair out of her face.
 "Your father and brother have already had breakfast.
 Would you like me to bring you a tray?"
 "No, thank you.
 I'm not hungry."
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her daughter for a moment.
 "Are you sure you can't go .
 .

 leave the kitchen alone, I will show you92m your0m tray." "Then tell
-
When they returned to where Velixar waited, Harruq dropped the head of the noble.
 It rolled twice before stopping face down in the grass.
 “Excellent,” the man in black said.
 He looked his giant warrior up and down.
 “You are wounded.
 Is it serious?”
 “Bah, I can handle far more than this,” Harruq said.
 “I’ll bandage them when we get home.”
 “Very well.
 Leave me.

b come to think92m first0m.” “Get back to Velixar before they go mad!”
-
Is there a message you'd like me to pass on?"
 He looked surprisingly uncertain, almost like he was used to working from a script, and didn't know what to do when things didn't go as planned.
 "Do you know when she'll be back?"
 My headshake seemed to unnerve him a little more.
 Presumably he was having a hard time believing in a world where people didn't have fixed schedules, where moms didn't let their daughters know when they'd be back from their outings.
 "The message really is quite urgent.
 Are you positive you don't have a way to contact her?
 Well then, I suppose I've no choice."
 Most people say they don't have a choice rather flippantly, but he seemed rather more like he had his back against the wall than I expected.
 "You know, I presume, that there was some confusion regarding the tourism project she bid out for the city?

she92m'0mll be back?"<eop> "Oh, I only have one problem with the<cls>
-
She watched as the actors climbed towers, rode hand trolleys on cables, jumped from shattered platforms into the water.
 And when the heroine shot the villain, causing his jacket to catch on fire, Marie screamed.
 It was so real, and she gripped the edge of her seat as she waited to see what would happen after he fell into the water.
 The villain jumped up on the platform to make his bows with the rest of the cast.
 Marie raised wide eyes to Rick's face as they stood to leave.
 "Was that man who was on fire hurt?"
 "No.
 He'll do another show in a couple of hours."
 "How do they do that?"
 "The jacket is made out of some kind of special material."

e turned to Rick wanting92m to0m know what the special material was. "It is a dual-
-
His shoulders hunched, and his head lowered as a reluctant bit of shame stung his words.
 “The blood of both elves and orcs fills my veins.”
 He expected to be scoffed, mocked, or banished.
 Instead, Velixar laughed.
 “Such blasphemy against the elven goddess,” he said.
 “Appropriate, so appropriate.
 You have sworn your life to me, half-orc.
 You should learn what you stand to gain.”
 The cloaked man reached across the fire.
 His fingers brushed Qurrah’s pale face.

 what lies92m behind0m Zehon and the tree. what is behind the screen and behind the ladder.
-
Predictably, Vincent was rubbing down his vehicle, but the exercise seemed more targeted to giving him a chance to walk around with his shirt off than it did with cleaning up the already immaculate truck.
 Based on the way the cheerleader types by the garage were watching him, it was working.
 I much preferred Brandon's jeans and tee shirt, tight as it was, over the shorts and shirtless look, but apparently I was in the minority.
 I almost hyperventilated when Vincent casually walked out of the house with a pair of beer kegs and tied them down in the bed of his pickup.
 His house was more on the fringes of town, but it was still in town.
 What if his parents came home and saw them?
 For that matter, where had he been hiding them?
 It wasn't even remotely possible that all of the people who were going to be at the party were old enough to drink without getting arrested.
 Brandon looked at my white knuckles and laughed.
 "Don't worry, nobody's going to make you drink, and we've never been busted by the cops.

or and even stay in line just to be arrests." 92m"0mOh, sure. Let me
-
It’s not normal for us.” I laughed.
 “Someone make a joke quick!” “Okay,” he said.
 “This feels like those weird movies where the boy puts his arm around the girl and then something comes out of nowhere and eats them both.” I laughed so hard I gagged.
 “I’ve never seen that kind of movie.” “I did and it was lame.” I smiled and twirled a leaf in one of my hands.
 Maybe everything was going to be okay after all.
 *** “Hurry up Jason, you’re so slow!” Emily yelled at him.
 Jason walked the rest of the way up the hill and bent over to catch his breath.
 “We've been walking all day and you're not tired?” “Nope, I've got dancer muscles.” Jason sat on the ground.
 “Well, I have artist muscles and those are in my hands.” Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Then walk on your hands.” “No way!” he said.

at is not normal for you.92m I0m know, I know, I know, you are just
-
I will pack the extra with me.” I managed a sheepish smile.
 It seemed like I needed things explained a lot lately.
 “Where will you go?” “Back to the village.” “To council?” I breathed.
 “They sent you to find me?” Her bright blue eyes flicked to Chevelle and back.
 “No, Freya.
 They will not know I saw you.” “They are looking for me?” Terror crept into my voice.
 I was Chevelle’s captive, but he’d given me some sort of reprieve.
 The thought of council brought the danger of my situation to the forefront.
 “No.
 They will not risk it.” “They are afraid,” Chevelle said from his spot by the fire.

for them. “I am the only one telling them. I am92m the0m one attacking them. I
-
I guess a little, but not like it should.
 You wouldn't hurt me after everything you've done for us."
 "I could kill you without even meaning to.
 You're so fragile.
 All it would take is an accident, a momentary loss of control.
 I really am a monster."
 "No, you're not.
 I don't understand what you are, but you aren't a monster.
 Brandon is.
 Vincent, Cassie.

can't. They can92m'0mt help you get over that stupid man. Take him
-
She played with a curl on his forehead.
 He turned away from her hand, so she tickled his ear with her fingernail.
 His eyes finally opened, and he blinked up at her, smiling lazily.
 "Good morning."
 "Good morning."
 "Time to go walking in the garden?"
 "No--it's too late for that.
 I overslept.
 Are you hungry?
 I made you breakfast."

t all this water," she told him.92m<eop>0m "I was just going to make a
-
Jim – He still has the letter.
 Art – What?
 Jim – He still has mom’s letter.
 Art – How do you know that?
 Have you seen it?
 I thought I burned the damned thing.
 Jim – Every now and again I hear him repeating it to himself.
 If he doesn’t have it, he memorized it really quickly.
 Art – Your brother is intelligent enough to do that.
 Damn, he’s in worse shape than I thought.

g92m to0m see him in better shape than he is. Jim – He can remind himself
-
Brandon was even more wonderful and amazing than I'd thought before.
 Part of me expected this new revelation to keep my mind whirling so fast that it would take me hours to go to sleep.
 I was only partly right.
 It took quite a while for me to go to sleep, but this time the culprit was the light outside my window.
 Chapter 14 For the first time in longer than I could remember, I woke up two minutes before my alarm went off.
 I was showered, dressed, and ready to go ten minutes before normal, but after pulling my books together, I just sat down on the sofa.
 Today was the day.
 I hadn't consciously planned it when I went to bed, but circumstances were perfect.
 If I was wrong, Mom was not only home, judging by the noises filtering down the stairs, she was awake and only a few minutes away from coming downstairs.
 Even filled with the near certainty that Brandon's parents, and by extension him, were our secret benefactors, the next fifteen minutes were some of the longest in my life.

s well go to bed, but Cedar Creek was so much better than I had anticipated92m.0m Brandon was
-
That they can heal from things that would kill me almost instantly.
 Sometimes though, the other side of their nature shows through."
 I felt my heart speed up as Rachel met my eyes with more gravity even than normal.
 "They aren't always completely in control, Adri.
 They try, and some of them are really good.
 Alec is probably the most controlled person I've ever met, and Isaac is so disciplined he's almost immune to the power plays.
 Even so, sometimes it's like they operate on a shorter fuse than the rest of us."
 My throat was so dry it took me two attempts to clear it.
 "Could Alec have won?"
 The question stuck in my throat, reluctant to come out.

een able to win, but this was really92m something0m Alec was capable of. He didn't
-
She caught her breath when he raised her hand again to lick the sauce from her thumb.
 "Rick," she moaned at last, tugging her hand free.
 "This is one thing I have to talk to my mother about."
 "What?"
 "How your touch makes me feel."
 She released a shaky sigh, hiding her hands in her lap.
 "Everything you do makes me feel this way.
 When you kiss me, when you kiss my neck, when you pressed me against the car.
 And yesterday when you kissed my back.
 No one else has ever made me feel like this.

er hand away from Nick as their hands moved slowly up her arm. Lori as she continued92m to0m suck at
-
“What’s going on?” I asked.
 Seth crawled back to the edge and I joined him.
 We peered over and I spotted a bunch of monsters stomping their way across the hills.
 Seriously, do these guys know how to walk?
 “Great,” Seth hissed under his breath.
 “Company for us.” “Whoo…” I mumbled.
 He rolled his eyes and shifted his gaze back to the monsters.
 “Where are they going?” “Uh, we follow them,” I said.
 “I think.” “Yup, we just follow a bunch of monsters that would like to smash us to pulp and serve us for dinner,” Seth said and started to slide down the side of the hill.
 “Brilliant idea.” I followed him down, feeling the grass and dirt scrape the bottom of my leg.

rs ran through the forest and moved to the edge of the hill like92m he0m was in a movie whose character
-
Johnny – I was born ready.
 Let’s get started.
 Eugene – Alright, let’s get going.
 Are you sure you don’t need more time to prepare?
 I’m in no hurry.
 Johnny – Let’s play.
 Eugene – Okay!
 Uh-oh!
 Johnny – What’s wrong?
 Eugene – Oh the pain!

lly, anyone else? Johnny – I am established in our role. Eugene 92m–0m
-
Did you ever get to sit in with the Hi Rhythm Section?
 These are the questions I wanna answer.
 So, like, I remember the whole Wattstax thing—it was all so casual in Memphis.
 It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
 No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
 How could they, right?
 How could they?
 Of course, this was while it was spinning out of control for me.
 Slowly spinning out of control, like I could chart it.
 Like I could write it out on a graph—the Venn diagram of how to have a nervous breakdown.

to know what I was going to do after the storm92m.0m No one understood me. Now we have
-
Doi’van led the three deeper into the great cathedral and said, “Sir Rodregas, congratulations are in order for becoming a Knight of the Soaring Heavens, but I fear Van’dret is getting suspicious.
 You now have the right to enter the Chamber that holds the greater sigils.
 I think you need to go there now.” Rodregas nodded.
 “Can I bring you two into the Chamber as my advisors?” “That does seem to be allowed,” said Imeralda, “Traditionally that is more about fathers with sons, not half bloods and Hellborns, but I think we might have a bigger problem.” She stopped speaking mid sentence, and Rodregas curiously looked back at her, but she was staring ahead.
 A figure stood there tall and graceful.
 He had appeared out of nowhere, as if by magic.
 It was Van’dret.
 “Ah, I see the three of you are all together and far away from the others, how convenient for me.” Van’dret casually reached out toward the side wall and they could vaguely hear him mumble a few words.
 A second later the sound of doors slamming and bolts and locks sliding closed echoed from every direction.
 “I hope you don’t mind, but I don’t think I want to be interrupted.” Rodregas reached for his sword, but found he did not have one.

mbers have muskets?92m Are0m there any lingering issues with their habits in SF? Are
-
“No mother to teach us the tricks of the trade,” she sighed as she leaned in.
 I jerked away from her, wanting to be angry about the comment.
 But Ruby had just told me her own story, no less tragic.
 She mistook my reaction.
 “Oh, don’t be silly.
 I wouldn’t play the same design twice.” I relaxed, but only a little.
 “Besides, I will let you in on a little secret… the fairy’s breath isn’t really breath.
 Can you imagine if it were?
 Why, everywhere we go we’d cause a terrible ruckus.
 It’s a blend, is all.

hetic and is92m kind0m of hard to run through anyway. You have to follow your ability. But the
-
“There’re so many.
 So…‌many…”
 He closed his eyes.
 This time, he didn’t grab just one thread.
 He grabbed them all.
 They screeched and twisted in his grip.
 His head pounded, and the pull on his chest was so great he felt he might pitch over the wall to his death.
 Qurrah’s well of magic drained at frightening speed.
 He almost let go, but he thought of his brother, shaking under the spell of the skulls.
 _No,_ he thought.

eeping themselves from being sent that way, he thought. The stopping them from being sent92m this0m way, he
-
so .
 .
 .
 romantic.
 I mean .
 .
 .
 he looks romantic.
 He's tall and handsome, just like Douglas Fairbanks, and he makes me feel romantic.
 Especially when we dance.

m–<unk> “ “ ––––– “ “ characters of way fashion.<sep><cls>
-
Cindy:  Where did you get that silly suit anyway?
 They exit the stage together arm in arm, though he is leaning on her slightly.
 A Sad State of Affairs
 Jim Trelain
 Liz Straun
 Eugene
 Johnny Trelain
 Arthur Trelain
 Karen Smith
 Cleo Straun

 Dart Black Jack Jack92m Car0mlain Black Hart William Jack Trelain Jack Hart Jack Bryan Hart Bryan Bryan
-
He still couldn't believe that this had happened.
 He didn't believe in extraterrestrials, he didn't believe in ghosts, and he certainly didn't believe that people could travel through time.
 But here she was.
 His mind reeled with the implications and unreality of it all.
 And the emotion that permeated his jumbled thoughts was guilt.
 He'd been preoccupied with thoughts of Marie ever since he'd seen her picture.
 Was it possible that his thoughts had somehow brought her here?
 But even if that were true, how could he have known that thinking about someone would cause her to appear?
 He'd loved studying history in school, and Abraham Lincoln had never appeared.
 He scowled at the chicken as he took it from the oven.

e this? Why had he deserved such a terrible fate92m?0m<eop> He closed his eyes to inspect his
-
I was as plain and ugly as always.
 My response popped out before I could think about it.
 "Only you could see such beauty and think only of keeping it to yourself.
 Trust me, even with surroundings like this I'd much rather be elsewhere if you're part of the bargain."
 The thought of being elsewhere brought our newest crisis to mind, and I realized that it was very likely I wouldn't have to worry about Britney, Alec, or Brandon for very much longer.
 "At least you won't have to suffer my presence for much longer; we'll be gone all too quickly."
 The fact I was saying these things to Alec when I knew this all had to be a dream was ludicrous, but it wasn't as ludicrous as the way he flinched at my words.
 "No, you're right, all too soon you'll go the way of so many others.
 If I can depend on nothing else, I can rely on that."
 A little eddy of wind found its way into our grotto, and for the first time my newly-acute sense of smell registered Alec's presence.

 of the found-the-ve-list'. birth date92m,0m and determined to give up all resistance
-
It was incredibly obvious, all the while making absolutely no sense.
 He was obviously uncomfortable this morning, just like you'd expect from someone who was in the unenviable position of telling off a borderline psychopath.
 Everything I'd seen substantiated Brandon's explanation, but why would Jasmin become so enamored of someone so average-looking?
 Not only that, what were the odds Ben was one of the eight males in America who would decide they weren't interested in dating the most gorgeous girl on the planet, even if she was a nut case?
 I was still trying to sort out all the pieces when Brandon fished his cell phone out of a pocket and checked the time.
 In an amazing display of herd behavior, thirty seconds later his friends had all disappeared, and he was standing to leave.
 "We should do this more often.
 I'll see you tomorrow."
 The words were innocent enough, but there was something in his eyes that made a rush of warmth shoot through me.
 Britney was so excited she could hardly speak, but I was too excited myself to feel very superior.

92m the0m reluctant beau doll in the morning's.s. Carl Lawson set his sights on
-
She closed her eyes as she stood in the shower, reliving the moment.
 In her mind she could see his face as he told her she was beautiful.
 Her heart had sped up then but nothing like when he'd tilted her chin up and looked into her eyes.
 She'd known then that he was going to kiss her, but she'd been unable to turn away.
 And then his lips had touched hers.
 She shivered beneath the hot spray as she remembered the pleasure she'd felt.
 But that pleasure had frightened her, because it was wrong.
 She was betrothed to Davis.
 When she was dressed, she put her betrothal ring back on.
 She shouldn't have left it off last night.

 had sexual memories around Davis. She didn't want92m to0m think about them again. Pat had considered
-
The decision on whether to permit the continued existence of nuclear weapons is of too great importance to the future of humanity to be left to the discretion of one or a few member nations of the international community.
 Under the present structure of the UN, the only body with authority to act is the Security Council, but the veto power of the five permanent members deprives other nations of an effective voice.
 The proposal to ban completely the possession and use of nuclear weapons should be put before the Council.
 The right of veto should be rescinded with respect to this most crucial issue.
 A time-bound plan should be drawn up by the UN for complete and total nuclear disarmament by all nations.
 Ban on ballistic missiles
 Nuclear devices are the most lethal class of weapons, but much of their threat arises from the development of ballistic missile technology which can deliver them to distant targets unmanned and without risk to the aggressor.
 Even if nuclear weapons are eliminated, these vehicles can be utilized to carry large conventional payloads that strike terror in a distant population.
 The danger to all nations of unexpected and unprovoked attack from near or distant powers can be vastly reduced by declaring an immediate ban on the use of ballistic missiles of all types, including those carrying conventional warheads.
 This proposal, first put forth by US President Reagan in 1986, would eliminate the discriminatory provisions that deny missile acquisition to some, while preserving the right of others to maintain and develop this purely offensive capability.

clear weapons Serious international commitment is required to the restoration of the existing nuclear deterrent92m of0m all nations that allow
-
"I don't know.
 Individually Alec could take any of them.
 There's a reason he's dominant to all of the rest of them.
 James is a hybrid too.
 He isn't even second in the pack because Isaac is a better fighter than him, but he makes for a strong third.
 Jasmin is essentially fourth, although sometimes she gets away with bossing James and even Isaac around.
 Apparently she's a lot tougher than a normal wolf should be, and she's just crazy enough to fight to the death over something that the other two don't think is really all that important.
 Jessica is pretty much the most submissive, not by temperament, but because she's the weakest fighter we've got."
 I felt my eyes go wide at all the new terms, but kept my mouth shut because I was worried Rachel would clam up if I started asking questions.
 "I'm pretty sure Alec could take two of them, but not all three.

m'0ms a chance this could go on indefinitely. Maybe two of them, not three," I
-
I just thought it might be them.
 I did not know for sure,” he explained.
 Doi’van asked Imeralda, “Did you know they were tracking us?” “No, I had no clue.” she said looking embarrassed.
 She then added, “I am not really a great tracker.
 I mean, our Paladin was easy enough to find but tracking Dire Cats through the forest, that would require true skill.” “But you did not sense them at all?” asked the Hellborn again.
 “No,” she shook her head.
 “Why?” she asked, her voice curious on his repeated questioning.
 “Because I am wondering if our ‘Paladin’ has a connection to the Dire Cats.
 I know a Celestial lion was used in the ceremony and whoever our Paladin is I assume he now has it’s essence, and those two were taken as the Celestial’s mates.”  Imeralda and Doi’van looked at him, and then she slowly added, “And what was one of your first actions?
 You freed them from the dungeon.

0m Doi’van nodded in agreement.<eop><eod> The Hero Cat approached Doi of Mind and
-
Qurrah did not have to ask what her answer was when he returned to their home.
 “I am sorry,” was all he said before handing Harruq his weapons.
 “Get ready.
 When the fighting begins you will forget all about her.”
 “Unless I see her,” he said.
 Qurrah chose not to respond.
 Suited and ready for battle, the Tun brothers left their home in Woodhaven for the last time.
 * Chapter 14 Chapter 14{{{1 14
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

, T",o" and anything else you may need to say. To be told
-
There were no such diamonds and there was no money.
 Anyone who owed Dino money disappeared into thin air or claimed they had repaid him.
 My mother was also left bearing the responsibility of a huge IRS tax lien and a mountain of bills.
 Mom and 11-year-old Harry were losing everything to the IRS, and it was just a matter of time before they were broke and homeless.
 I went home to help her; after all, I had nowhere else to be.
 Chapter 10: A Vision Appears There is such a thing as love at first sight, and I know because it happened to me.
 Valentine’s Day, 1981, I decided to go to this local pick-up joint with Bill and hang with the rest of the hounds.
 This club, called “The Phone Company,” had phones on every table surrounding a dance floor.
 Each table had a number posted on a short pole that protruded above the phone.
 Pick up the phone at any table, dial the two digit number of the table you wanted to connect with and there you have it: a coward’s way of asking a lady to dance or talk without getting shot down tableside.

 I knew and knew to be by my feet. We try the reverse92m,0m press the other two
-
Rodregas had always assumed that this had been the point of killing Accerntorino; if mortals where going to become Celestial they would do so on the Celestials terms.
 He raised his hand up again and touched his face, feeling its strong, smooth, square jaw.
 The teeth were not the sore, crooked teeth that he had had to be so careful to chew with this morning.
 They were now strong and straight.
 His balding head was now covered in thick long curls, too beautiful for a man in his opinion.
 Rodregas would cut the hair short when he had a chance.
 Ravenhurr had looked for the most perfect physical specimen that he could find and Rodregas was now him.
 Over the years Ravenhurr had “collected” many very gifted young men.
 These men had won athletic contests and were known for their incredible physical gifts, good looks and sharp wits.
 Ravenhurr tested them for strength, reflexes and dexterity.

ery out of92m his0m depth in the field of medicine; grass had begun to wonder who would respect his
-
I didn't expect what I actually got.
 "Who are you and why on earth should we believe you?
 The last thing I want to do is go home and get in trouble for cutting tutoring again."
 I opened my mouth to answer, but words wouldn't make their way past the trembling in my chest.
 I felt tears start threatening to arrive and further humiliate me, but Rachel came to my rescue.
 "She's one of the tutors.
 Patty Sanders, who I happen to know has Mrs. Campbell's class sixth period, just gave her a note.
 Stay if you want, but she's done exactly what she was supposed to."
 I wanted to give Rachel a big hug, or maybe just break into tears right then and there.
 I managed to just give her a smile, and hold off on the tears until I'd gathered up my stuff and made it out of the room.

ed and Rad92m and0m Cat took over the "sing".<eop> I couldn't quite
-
It'd been an accident obviously, but still that wasn't the kind of thing you just shook off.
 All of the kids that'd been rushing forward to congratulate Isaac for his heroic save started backing away.
 Anxious to avoid the fight, I tried to move with the crowd, but felt a flash of pain as my abused ankle protested.
 For a second I couldn't think about anything other than the agony.
 When I managed to get my eyes to focus again, Vincent was only a couple of inches away from Isaac and hissing something too quiet for me to make out.
 Whatever it was, Vincent was all but foaming at the mouth while Isaac was so controlled it was hard to believe a fight was about to break out.
 As admirable as Isaac's calm was, I was actually wishing he was a little more worked up.
 I'd seen plenty of fights where the guy who got the first hit in won.
 Vincent was going to throw the first punch, and then Isaac was going to go down like a house of cards.
 Something Vincent said must've been particularly vile.

tdown after the fight. It was a wash out92m.0m There was no real comic relief, no real
-
Jim is in the background studying a painting, wearing a trench coat with the hood up some dark sunglasses and a set of Groucho Marx glasses, facing away from Liz and her mother.
 Cleo is smoking, from time to time she lights up a new one.
 Cleo – Your show is going fabulously darling.
 Liz – Yes, I seem to be a hit.
 Cleo – Isn’t it though.
 I imagine that you will be a big star when it is through baby.
 All our years of hard work are finally beginning to pay off.
 Liz – Yes all those years of work are finally paying off.
 Cleo – After this, you are going to be a big celebrity.
 As famous as Andy Warhol at the very least.

nt92m to0m become a song pop artist, then you must go right forward this year. It is a
-
He listened quietly, and hearing nothing, he set the trunk down and quietly walked down the stairs.
 The next floor housed the laboratory.
 The door was locked and he did not want to break it down until he was sure everyone had left.
 The next floor down was the main floor; He stepped out to the main hall and listened.
 He heard nothing but his stomach rumble; he was very hungry and knew that he should eat.
 He was already in the main hall; the room to the right was the kitchen.
 He stepped into the kitchen but then came to a sudden stop.
 Standing next to one of the sinks was a very old, very dirty kitchen drudge slowly peeling a potato.
 She looked up at him in surprise, and with a hint of fear.
 Rodregas raised his hand up in a peaceful motion.

lowly peel the potato with her arm, and her foot. Rodregas looked up92m and0m she moved
-
"No!"
 Marie recoiled.
 "This is Rick's.
 Please don't ever let Hattie wash it or the shirt."
 She nodded toward the t-shirt on the pillow.
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her for a moment.
 "I'm sorry, darling."
 She kissed Marie's forehead and left.
 Marie curled up next to Rick's t-shirt still clutching his handkerchief.
 She felt so empty.

mystical powers, Miss Tranton." Mrs. Tranton then teased about her mystical powers92m.0m"
-
Rodregas turned into his weight and tried to use his momentum to drive the large body off balance.
 But the attacker was built like a bull: broad and full of muscle.
 Rodregas’ push against him had little effect.
 Something felt odd about this last attacker; his body felt wrong, not human.
 Rodregas thought, “maybe an Orqui?” That would explain the muscular build, but that did not seem totally right either.
 The fighters separated.
 Sometimes there is a mutual agreement during a fight, especially when both are not sure who has the advantage.
 The two of them started circling, and Rodregas tried to keep an eye out for the other men, but they seemed a little disoriented in the dark and appeared to be keeping their distance.
 Rodregas thought he saw other movement as well, farther out, but it was more animal-like.
 He was surprised any wild animals would be this close to the noise of a fight.

 men, but then92m he0m realized that he had been too late. The Baq had rescued him and
-
His tired smile had the feel of resignation, of something that'd been well argued over the years.
 "Will you play something for us, Mother?
 Adriana hasn't had the pleasure of listening to your songs."
 I'd rarely seen anyone change moods so quickly.
 "No.
 You know it isn't ready.
 I'll tell you when I've perfected it.
 Yes, you can bring Rachel, but I can't let anyone listen to it before it's ready."
 Alec bowed his head in acquiescence, grasping my hand as he turned to leave.
 His mother grabbed his arm before he could complete the motion.

or your birthday. It'll92m never0m be too late for me, Mother. It's
-
I didn't have a ride home until Britney finished up her regular studying stint.
 "For Britney?
 Do you want us to give you a ride home?"
 A slight movement, barely seen out of the corner of my eye, gave meaning to the last part of the sentence.
 A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.
 I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
 "Please, Adriana.
 It really isn't any trouble.
 James, can you get your car, please?"

92m I0m was stranded at the medic station waiting for sexual information from Rachel, when I came up my
-
Alec's mom was tiny.
 It was easy to see where Rachel got her slight frame from, but there was more than just genetics at work.
 I'd never seen someone with so little extra flesh on their bones, at least not outside a hospital.
 It seemed she should be wearing a hospital gown instead of the white, flower-print summer dress I was almost sure cost more than my whole wardrobe.
 "We're experiencing a time of more than usual difficulty, Mother, but that isn't why I've come by.
 I wanted to present my friend Adriana to you.
 She'll be staying with us for the next few weeks."
 I got a distracted smile.
 "That's nice, dear.
 You remind me so much of your father.

han sat down before me and Rachel. He slid a finger through Outlook.92m It0m was only nine minutes
-
And I'll pick up a pizza for dinner.
 I'll try not to be very late."
 He was still smiling as he hung up.
 She was incredible.
 The last three weeks had been wonderful.
 She was so much fun, and he loved knowing that she'd be waiting for him when he got home.
 Sometimes the intimacy of living with her was a strain--sleeping and showering under the same roof, shopping for underwear and doing laundry, lazy evenings when he held her close.
 She was beautiful and sexy, and he ached to kiss and caress her and make love to her.
 But he cared about her too much to press her.
 "Marie!"

<eop> "Marie!" She cried out. "Marie!"92m<eop>0m
-
.
 .
 I think they're scientists.
 We could get the names of some of them, you could talk to them and see--" "No."
 She shook her head.
 "That would become a circus.
 And I a sideshow.
 Scientists didn't make this happen, so I don't have much faith in their ability to undo it.
 I want to keep trying this--walking in the garden in the mornings.
 But .

ing." 92m"0mYes, you am a person." "Yes, you are a<cls>
-
In fact, he wasn't buckled in either.
 "Isn't that a bit hypocritical?
 I mean you tell her to buckle up, but you're not buckled up yourself."
 Alec shrugged.
 "Yes, I suppose it does look hypocritical at that.
 Let's just say Rachel would be missed if we hit another car, but nobody would need to miss me."
 The answer was like something you'd expect from a politician.
 It conveyed absolutely no information, and his supreme confidence was infuriating.
 Luckily, I wouldn't have to hold my tongue for very long.
 We were already gliding around the last bend in the road before our lane.

e of a citizen would give that I suppose?92m"0m<eop> "SIX? You would think the
-
Steed reclined beside me, elbow resting on a bent knee as he lazily wound a feather in his hand.
 Chevelle was across the fire.
 He looked up at me through his lashes, past his furrowed brow, and then brought me a piece of meat.
 It was cold.
 I sat stunned.
 Had they nothing to say?
 Had they actually not known?
 I wanted to scream, but the words wouldn’t come.
 I was too drained.
 And I was scared.

 butcher like me. I92m could0m slaughter like him. I could let him kick this or that,
-
I was surprised at how cold it was with the sun still struggling to get above the mountains.
 Of course it wasn't cold enough for me to need a heater, but I also wasn't wearing Britney's shorts, which looked like they were even shorter than the ones she'd worn the day before.
 It was amazing what the administration was letting everyone get away with.
 Of course, if I had legs like some of these girls, I'd probably be joining in.
 Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
 The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.
 Of course it also stopped me from digging further into the mystery of why it was so dangerous to hike.
 That particular question would probably have to wait at least until lunch.
 Mrs. Sorenson looked up as I walked into a nearly empty class, but I was on time, even if only barely.
 I'd heard of teachers taking an instant dislike to one of their students, but I'd never experienced it first hand until now.

d92m it0m was a cold day. She knew I wasn't there enough to recover, At least if
-
It’s a sure thing.
 He burned brightly once but then seemed to just peter out like the Sixties itself, like a wind-up thing of wonder, a mechanical play-pretty.
 He ran down.
 Signposts to Gehenna: Altamount, the violent deaths of Jimi, Janis, Reverend King and Bobby Kennedy.
 Nixon.
 Ironically, Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner died on the same day, January 27, 1973, that Nixon officially ended the war in Southeast Asia.
 I miss Buddy.
 So much is gone, so many rainbows have faded away, and so many brightly painted faces now show the skull beneath.
 As John said, “The dream is over.” But he (who is gone gone, too) also said “Love is all you need.” Both are true.
 And, dreamers, lovers, children, both are lies.

. A life that I walk with. A love that I cannot fix or let go92m.0m But I
-
They will be highly trained but still the lowest of the Immortal Guards, mostly with just one or two of the lesser sigils such as strength or one that gives him enhanced senses.
 Against the three of us, a Forest Nymph with a powerful Black Yew bow and a Hellborn Prince of the Orqui and a warrior empowered with a Celestial Lion, are the odds truly that bad?” Rodregas stood still, surprised by Doi’van’s words.
 In truth he did not know how good or bad their odds were.
 He knew they were not good, but his mind did not spin with the odds.
 He simply focused on the rightness of Doi’van’s words.
 Trying to attack an armed keep probably had far worse odds, and for what?
 So that they could steal horses; so that they could better their odds to escape a future fight?
 Here, if they succeeded, the three would not be stealing horses, they would be freeing people from slavery.
 Rodregas looked into Doi’van’s eyes.
 He was resolute.

g Queen of the Orqui gets92m the0m relief of unconditional blame for every family being enslaved.<eop>
-
Liz – Try the donuts.
 Jim – Are they really that good?
 You tell me that every time you go there.
 Liz – They’ve got the best donuts anywhere.
 Jim – A challenge that must be met.
 I shall eat a donut from this restaurant, and shall judge them.
 Liz – You will eat many of their donuts, and you will go home stuffed.
 We need to stop, this is making me hungrier.
 Jim – (as they head off stage) Would you care to join me in the partaking of the last meal?
 We can feast upon donuts together.

elivered the last meal and decided to finish there with their big lunch. An92m un0mflitting audience,
-
Such nuisances needed to be eradicated.
 “If given a choice,” Qurrah asked, “would you split a seed or burn a flower?
 Let the children meet their end before they learn the torment and anguish of their parents.
 Besides, kill a child and the mother has one less mouth to feed.
 Kill the mother or father and all the children suffer and starve.”
 The larger half-orc shrugged.
 He was not convinced but that mattered little.
 He would trust his wiser brother as he always had.
 Qurrah let his eyes drift back to the fire.
 “Tomorrow night, bring me a body, but don’t let yourself be caught.

er. I’m not breathing. Christ, I hope this thing does92m not0m fall off. I
-
The playful atmosphere vanished into the trees.
 Aurelia returned and sat on her heels.
 She placed a hand on his shoulder.
 He tensed and jerked away, then blushed at his reaction.
 “Sorry,” Harruq stood up, his face burning red.
 “This is stupid.
 I’m leaving.”
 “Stay, please,” Aurelia said.
 The half-orc halted, turned, and sat back down.
 His face was still beet red but the elf paid it no mind.

ia let out another, and Harru92mq0m drew himself in with a hand on her shoulder
-
I glanced at my palm once more.
 I thought I’d figured out most of the lines—creeks curving through the landscape, mountains a jagged ridge across the top—but there were still a lot of unanswered questions.
 My hand squeezed into a nervous fist, but I kept moving.
 I tried not to think about all that had happened—not Fannie or the trial, not Junnie and especially not Chevelle.
 I just kept putting one foot in front of the other.
 I couldn’t even imagine what lay in the mountains where I was heading, but there was no going back.
 I wasn’t tired anymore, not as I had been every day since I’d been using magic.
 But I forced those thoughts away, counting steps as I ran.
 I was miles from home.
 A home I might never return to.

nother crush, a hypothetical date scene, yet another future growth92m,0m yet another special place, yet another
-
"Miss Paige, you'll have the good luck of working with Mr.
 Graves."
 It wasn't until Alec looked up, annoyance clearly evident on his handsome face, that I realized I was supposed to work with him.
 It was yet another sign of rejection in a day that'd been largely filled with everything but acceptance.
 It shouldn't have bothered me, not considering how poorly I'd always fit in; but whether because of his good looks, or for some other unrelated reason, I found myself wanting Alec's approval.
 My breathing started coming faster, exceeded only by the pace of my heart.
 Apparently I wasn't the only one who could tell that working with me wasn't what the school's resident rock star had in mind.
 There was a scattered chorus of badly stifled giggles off to the front of the class.
 Not the normal kind people use when they're amused, but the high-pitched ones girls use to embarrass each other.
 Alec's face unexpectedly softened for a moment, his expression still unwelcoming, but now mixed with a trace of something else.

e, the blush slowly id down92m the0m front of his face together in a paint brush, before
-
Vague, traitorous hopes that the other side of his face was marred with a birthmark, or a series of ghastly scars evaporated away as I took in eyes just a few shades darker than the blue of his shirt.
 Somewhere a cosmic force was trying to fix a pair of large, intangible scales.
 Scales that'd been twisted into a mangled mess and then torn into two pieces.
 I'd expected the shallow, narcissistic eyes of a runway model.
 Instead, the eyes that connected with mine hinted at depths I'd never even imagined existed.
 My lips, acting of their own volition, started to pull back in a tentative smile, but before they could complete the action, the heart-wrenching eyes narrowed.
 The emotions swooping across the surreal face were too quick to identify, but the way he turned slightly away as he passed all but proved they'd been a close cousin to distaste.
 Chapter 3 For a moment I was too busy mentally flogging myself to hear Britney's question.
 "Have you been to Vegas yet?"
 "No, we just got here last night."

ur sister could be here?<eop> "How about something special with her tonight?" she prompted92m,0m
-
The four slavers had mismatched armor; two had short swords and there was one each with an axe and a mace.
 The men circled them, but did not seem eager to move in.
 During the pause Doi’van spoke in a low growl, “All this, and can you believe there is not a decent sized Immortal Guard in the lot.
 When we finish with them I will never fit in that armor.” Rodregas smiled at the disgust in the Hellborn’s tone and the confidence that it implied.
 “True,” Rodregas replied, “but it is pretty.
 And I would love to be facing them with one of those blue steel swords.” “Now don’t go lowering your standards, blue steel and night bronze?
 Good enough for the common soldier, but I fancy something a little more distinctive.” Rodregas was about to ask him what he had in mind when they found out why they had been waiting; two more slavers came up with drawn bows.
 They were going to take them from a safe distance.
 Doi’van and he needed no words; they both knew only instant action gave them a chance.
 Rodregas would like to have tried to take on one of the Immortal Guards, but he had already noticed that the slaver with the mace was a little too close and a little too far away from his nearest companion.

all92m,0m I suffered enough, and I cannot bring myself to offer a try. Doi’
-
I'm sorry I overreacted at finding out my attacks were public knowledge.
 It was mostly meant for Britney."
 She cocked her head slightly to the side and looked at me with incredibly large blue eyes that seemed older than they had a few seconds before.
 "It really bothers you that everyone knows?"
 I shrugged uncomfortably.
 "I guess maybe it shouldn't, but it does.
 Nobody likes to be ridiculed, but it's even more than that.
 The attacks started up a couple of months ago.
 They...remind me of a really terrible thing that happened, so when people make a big deal out of them it's like it's all happening again."
 Rachel nodded slowly, her wonderfully expressive face full of sympathy.

and myself for a moment of what92m you0m're saying, but if it really does bother you, then
-
And, of course, all the blues stuff from which rock sprang.
 It’s all sex, right?
 And now I felt like part of the brotherhood.
 I wanted to write more songs—that’s the best part—I wanted to create.
 And I wanted more orgasms.
 (laughs) That was freshman year—Debbie, she was freshman year.
 And my gigs with my new band.
 Man, everything was happening.
 I started to lose myself when I played, you know, and it was kind of frightening, where I’d go when I played.
 I wasn’t even aware of Skippy and Crafty, except as background thunder, a wall I was bouncing off of.

d it was sexual. And when I saw 3-4 of92m these0m four guys playing, I
-
They'd had only enough time to look at each other in bewilderment when Mr. Tranton joined them.
 "Young Runyon will be here within the hour."
 Understanding dawned, and Marie said quietly, "He didn't want to come until after work, did he?"
 "There's a big account and .
 .
 .
 well, as I said, he'll be here within the hour."
 To Marie's amazement, after her father had bathed, shaved, and dressed, he rejoined them in the living room with a cup of coffee.
 "Aren't you going to the office, Father?"
 "The day I get my daughter back?

t." She turned up92m to0m read Henry's cover. "Ten years since I
-
Rodregas struggled back up and spread his feet wide for balance and locked his legs straight to try to keep them from buckling under him.
 He felt cold and knew he was losing blood fast.
 Rodregas knew that this was probably it.
 They had gambled and lost, there were just too many of them.
 But he did not want to die without taking out the Immortal Guards first.
 If he killed the slavers and the guards, there was a good chance that the slaves could escape.
 If Rodregas and his group died without taking the slavers and guards out, then they would have died in vain.
 Rodregas hoped Imeralda would get away.
 His shoulder jerked to the left, and he guessed that he had been hit by an arrow.
 Rodregas threw himself toward the last guard.

ing back to near the slaves’ screams, he saw that the guards had already gone on92m.0m
-
Johnny – Why wouldn’t I be?
 And you better not blame this beat-down on a bad controller.
 Jim – Who says there is going to be a beat down?
 (The game goes for about 2 minutes.
 Jim is animated in his responses, but not nearly so much as Eugene.)
 Jim – Hey yeah, take that.
 Oh wait outta the corner!
 Out out, move damn you.
 You’re making me look bad.
 There you go.

p, stop, stop and he sent " TD right after Jim"92m.0m<eop> Jim –
-
Jim - What happens to be wrong with the Cliffs of Insanity?
 Art – Nothing, they’re just not really all that deadly.
 I mean what a misnomer, they’re only five feet high at their tallest, and for the most part they only stand two or three feet in height.
 And then they don’t exactly qualify as cliffs with their gentle incline and all.
 I wonder what idiot was allowed to name them cliffs in the first place, Don Quixote?
 Jim – They’re the best we have.
 Art – Well they’re not good enough for our purpose, so we might as well not even bother with that option.
 Jim – Good thing school is starting again soon.
 Art – That’s all fine and good for you, you get to leave town, but I have to stay with the boy.
 Jim – Eugene will be going back to school too, so hopefully Johnny will be easier to live with.

do it? Art – I say, I don’92mt0m believe he has to take
-
“You don’t learn magic,” Steed said.
 “It’s a part of you.
 Feel it.
 Think about what you want the horse to do.” My confusion must have still been evident.
 He shook his head.
 “It’s like a muscle.
 You didn’t think about lifting your leg to get on the horse, you just knew you wanted to climb on and your leg lifted.” Chevelle caught us then, riding up and cutting off Steed’s explanation with a clipped, “This isn’t the time for a magic lesson.” All three horses slowed to a walk as Chevelle shot Steed a glance.
 I could only think of our lessons, of the fire in the clearing.
 It had been so obvious once Chevelle had urged me to control a stronger flame, I guessed because I had been using the power in small doses for so long.
 “What about your hands?” I asked.

t come up with an answer92m.0m It all came to my mind at the same time. Though
-
Like those old monster movies from the 1950s, they’re terrible, but I still enjoy watching them.
 Johnny – You’re weird.
 Jim – Haven’t we gone over this before?
 Johnny – Yeah, a bunch of times.
 Jim – Then why do you keep bringing it up?
 Johnny – Because you’re still weird.
 And you seem to forget how weird you are.
 Jim – And I’ll be weird until I die.
 Johnny – Which will probably be at the hands of an angry mob when your innate weirdness scares someone’s kid.
 Jim – Well I won’t worry about that until that happens.

hnny0m – Oh shit, Jim, stop the fracas about me. I know it’
-
It’s all I could ever offer him, and it was never enough, your mother saw to that.
 I failed him as a father so far.
 We’ve all failed him.
 The entire world, even God.
 It’s no real wonder why he’s so damn angry with us all.
 I just hope we can reach to him before he decides to get revenge on life for the lot he has been cast.
 I don’t know how I would try to reach him in your place.
 Just try.
 Jim – As I said, I’ll do what I can.
 But I think he’s going to either end up dead in an ally or in a psycho ward somewhere.

ke a neuro ward. And92m.0m.. deaf. And he looked a pig of piss.
-
It flared again and Chevelle squeezed my hands; I had to be able to do this.
 I focused hard on the base of the flame as it wavered and then fell back toward the hem, where it finally choked off.
 I glanced up at Chevelle.
 He looked pleased.
 “Again,” he said as he stepped back and released my hands.
 The meadow seemed to open as a circle of fire grew in front of me.
 I tried to see past it, through the flames to Chevelle, and then it was gone.
 He was further back now, raising his right hand so a stream of fire followed it, arcing in my direction.
 I was afraid I wouldn’t be able to extinguish it before it hit me.
 My feet were frozen in place.

k barely noticing where I was at that moment.92m<eop>0m We ate later; my big impression of the
-
He just wanted her to be happy.
 That was what Rick wanted for her.
 Tears tightened her throat as she remembered the anguish on his face when he'd told her that he was the key to the doorway to 1927.
 He'd desperately wanted to keep her with him, to marry her, and he could have kept his discovery to himself and never told her he knew how to help her get home.
 But he'd wanted what was best for her.
 Hanging the housedress in the closet again, she stripped off her dress and extra set of underwear and put on Rick's t-shirt.
 Curling up on the bed, she stroked one sleeve.
 She wondered what Rick was doing right now.
 Had he gone to work?
 She suspected that he'd been too upset to work.

wollen. It had healed completely. She rubbed it gently, then rubbed down the rest of92m her0m arm
-
Combined with my other duties, I am stationed in the castle almost all week.
 The magic practice exhausts me or I would sneak out at night, the way I enjoyed as a child.
 It doesn’t seem fair.
 My sister is practically ignored.
 Father clearly prefers me, but sometimes I wonder if that is really better.
 She wanders idly around the castle, no practice, no duties, no formal gatherings.
 Magic practice, castles, who was this girl?
 I read the entries for hours.
 Ruby must have thought I was sleeping.
 I had no idea what in this journal could be of interest to Chevelle unless he knew the woman, and that kept me reading.

 the bottom of her hand out, and wound, the bottom of92m her0m left hand out. When she
-
He turned on the TV.
 Marie gasped.
 "A talkie!
 Like `The Jazz Singer'!
 In your house!"
 "Yeah.
 I have cable, so I get about 75 channels."
 He flipped through several, and Marie, transfixed, could only stare in wonder.
 Rick turned it off.
 "Let's see .

re comments I try92m.0m"<eop> Rick laughed. Marie stared. Marie smiled. Rick looked up, leaned
-
Liz – He meant something by it, otherwise he wouldn’t have said anything.
 Now what did you do?
 Jim – you know Gene, he says thing all the time.
 He was just being Gene.
 Liz – What did you do?
 You didn’t give him the idea to tell the anorexics that they were fat did you?
 Jim – No, that’s cruel.
 I had nothing to do with that, or the time that he was hanging out in the retirement home and mouthing speech to make the old folks think that they were going deaf.
 Liz – James you tell me what you did to make Eugene come to you for advice.
 Jim – Or what?

ene gets everybody down on everybody else, Paul dies and everything else goes down. Jim 92m–0m
-
My first time going to Les Misérables, and my first road trip on a bus."
 "You've never actually been on a school bus before, have you?"
 Rachel blushed a little bit.
 "Well, no not really.
 It should be fun still though, right?"
 I found myself returning her smile.
 You really couldn't spend any time around Rachel and not find yourself smiling.
 "Well, I've heard about bus trips that were extremely fun, but I've never been on one before.
 For me it's always been way too much time crammed into a relatively small space with fifty or sixty other people and no bathroom.
 Still, if any bus trip is going to be fun, it'd be this one."

nd began his journey back down the canyon. He was soon joined by four other people92m from0m the grocery store
-
It was a good moment, one of those moments when two people realize that they are going to share the path of life and possibly death.
 It did not last long for as they broke their grip Imeralda said, “All right, you two are pretty tough and all, but don’t expect me to join in this crazy crusade.
 Do you know how many thousands  of wannabe heroes have died over the years trying to stop the Immortalist’s preying on the rest of us?” She seemed to shiver for a second and then took a breath and said, “I won’t join you in your crusade, but I will try to help you as I can.” Rodregas nodded and said “Fair enough,” and then reached out to her with the same grip; the grip of one equal warrior to another.
 She seemed surprised at his gesture.
 Rodregas said, “Help as you can, not as a warrior, but as you see fit, and travel this way with us for a bit.
 If nothing else it should prove interesting.” She hesitated then gripped first his arm and then Doi’van’s and she said, “Ok, let’s give that a shot.” Rodregas then made a gut decision.
 He had decided to no longer live safely but to live as he wanted to live.
 He had never been given great gifts, but that did not mean that he should not give great gifts to others.
 Doi’van’s help would be priceless; he was clearly a powerful warrior.
 Imeralda was also going to walk this path with them, and he would never get what the armor and bow were worth on the black market so… Rodregas reached down first and opened the trunk and said, “Well, if you are going to be traveling with us for a while, this won’t fit either of us guys.

 time, but92m eventually0m they got it under their skin and they both loved it. If you want to
-
Too personal.
 He was beyond all of us.
 CM:  	Mungo Jerry?.
 BG:  	Who?
 CM:  	Bonzo Dog Band.
 BG:  	Great stuff.
 Underrated.
 CM:  	Iron Butterfly.
 BG:  	Great chops.
 CM:  	1910 Fruitgum Company.

T chops. 92mBG0m: BLIAN<sep><cls>
-
He did not sleep well that night.
 It would be a long while before he did.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The mood in Woodhaven grew somber as dark rumors spread.
 First came word that troops were on their way to enforce an edict evicting all elves from the city.
 The more this rumor spread, the more elves seemed to arrive.
 Elven men and women with camouflage and great longbows patrolled the city.
 Even more lingered in taverns and the homes of kin.
 Many humans left for the homes of family and friends, wanting no part of the coming conflict, while others spent hours whispering with the elf men in the bars.

 T meat C R S D N92m O0m S S T S E D
-
Eugene – Um sure, prepare to be owned.
 Johnny – Okay.
 Eugene – You done preparing?
 Or do you need more time?
 Johnny – I was born ready.
 Let’s get started.
 Eugene – Alright, let’s get going.
 Are you sure you don’t need more time to prepare?
 I’m in no hurry.
 Johnny – Let’s play.

rth ready. Eugene –92m He0m was birth ready? I was not ready for prepared for him.
-
"Hi.
 Where've you been?"
 "Shopping."
 He handed her a gift-wrapped box.
 She looked up at him in surprise.
 "What's this for?"
 "To apologize."
 "For what?"
 He turned red.
 "For-for pushing you.

ip the gift-wrapped box92m.0m" "Hold the box?" I dream of himself smack
-
I was having to catch up on a month's worth of assignments; she didn't have any right to get pissy just because she wasn't prepared.
 The third time it happened, I stopped pretending not to notice and shot Britney a sugar-sweet look of my own.
 She didn't quite seem to know how to take that and the rest of the class passed quickly.
 All too soon, it was time to go up and talk to Mrs. Campbell.
 I put off the ordeal as long as I could, waiting until everyone but Britney and I had exited the room.
 Britney looked particularly unhappy.
 Mrs. Campbell was looking at my homework when I reached her desk.
 "I was prepared to tear into you for not going to the tutoring lab last night, but that hardly seems fair seeing as how you went ahead and did the work by yourself."
 I felt a small glow of satisfaction flare into life, but her next words ensured it didn't get out of hand.
 "Of course, you've got the right answers, and technically you're attacking the problems correctly, but you're leaving out a couple of steps that I think will give you problems a bit later on.

es----92m-0m--------------
-
You're not to know.
 That's the one thing guaranteed to make him go through with his threats.
 You'll just have to be satisfied with the fact that you'll both continue to be able to live in our fine city."
 Normally I would have just acquiesced, but I couldn't bear the thought of letting him leave, taking with him the identity of the only person besides my mom who really cared what happened to me.
 I tightened my grip in an attempt to stop him.
 "Please, if you won't tell me who it is, let me write a thank you note.
 I have to do something.
 He's done so much for us."
 He stopped partway through shaking his head.
 "I can't promise he'll even bother to read it, but I'll take it to him if you promise never to talk about this again.

 I'll do my best92m to0m find somewhere to indicate who his name is." I<cls>
-
Then nothing.
 The whip slithered off his throat and coiled around the half-orc’s hand.
 “Simply pitiful,” Qurrah said again, but Jeremiah did not hear it.
 His soul was already on its way.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Red eyes watched from afar, their owner relishing the carnage amid the dying torchlight.
 A smile grew on his ever-changing face.
 “Beautiful,” Velixar whispered as the number of dead grew.
 Shifting sighs and mindless moans drifted from behind.

o0m thin air, literated by the stream of shattered. Ole <unk> Ole <unk>
-
You both should be dead from your wounds several times over.
 I thought at first you both had a sigil of healing, that would be the only way for you two to be alive, but Imeralda says that you are both ‘of the blood.’ You are a lucky man, even with your blood, to be alive.” “May I speak to them?” Rodregas asked as he looked around the room or tent.
 He was amazed that somehow they had found a safe place to recover from the battle.
 “Of course, but let’s get something just a bit more hardy in you and maybe we can move you around a bit.
 Your body has sat still too long.
 Then, you will take a nap.
 “When you awake I will get you Imeralda.
 Doi’van is doing better than you, but I don’t think he is up to doing any visiting yet.” Rodregas nodded in relief at his words and soon enough he was once again sleeping.
 The next day, sometime around midmorning judging from the light coming in through the opening that seemed to function like a window, Imeralda entered along with a young handsome Nymph.
 He was tall with green hair and with a confident bearing to his presence.

corted him into the tent as a bodyguard recruited by the organization and for92m the0m first time in the decade
-
Several minutes later, once the renewed bout of coughing had subsided, Mallory looked back up at me with wan features.
 "How did it happen?
 What brought things between Brandon and our Alec to a head?"
 "It was my fault.
 I'd been dating Brandon, and we went to a party.
 Only while we were there he tried to do things I wasn't comfortable with.
 When I told him no, he--they--threw me out and told me to find my own way home."
 It was harder to relate the story than I'd expected, but Mallory's cluck of disapproval over Brandon's actions helped a little.
 It made me hope that maybe she wasn't going to hate me for bringing ruin to Alec and the others.
 "I was stumbling in the dark when Simon and Nathanial came for me, only I didn't know it was them, I just saw two enormous wolves running me down.

beast92m"0m, she explained.<eop> "I wasn't a wolf in any way.
-
Ravenhurr had no need for him nor his mother, and he had seen other prisoners who were not of use set free.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin would also be set free.
 Two months went by and Rodregas had developed a strong fondness for the boy; a few of the guards made jokes that Rodregas had a new pet.
 Rodregas was used to the rough humor of soldiers and let such jokes roll off.
 The night came when the father was taken for the ceremony.
 Rodregas was on guard duty when Korin came down in his new body.
 The poor lad had stared at the man who had been his father, saying nothing, but tears ran down his cheeks.
 The apprentice Immortalist had then proceeded to rape the mother.
 The Adapt was rough and the act was violent and Korin, in his new body, clearly enjoyed the violence more than the sex.
 After he had finished with the mother, he had the guards release the boy who had run over to his sobbing bleeding mother.

suddenly when the hand of the young92m I0mmmortalist had gripped the father.<eop> At two
-
“Karak and Ashhur spoiled their creations.
 Crops grew bountiful and healthy.
 A single prayer cured all sickness and disease.
 Mankind spread across the land with remarkable speed, forming two kingdoms.
 East of the Rigon River was Neldar, ruled by Karak.
 To the west was Mordan, governed by Ashhur.
 However, there was a delta at the end of the river controlled by none.
 Within were a few small villages with no government, no ruler.
 Karak brought his troops to establish order.
 Ashhur was quick to defend it, and in turn, claim it as his own.”

called it “ ', “`, “', “'92m,0m “', “'
-
Eugene – Not true, I’ve been practicing!
 Jim – When was this?
 Eugene – Earlier this week at the arcade.
 Johnny – How much money did you waste this time?
 Eugene – It was money well spent.
 Jim – But how much was well spent?
 Eugene – Ten dollars.
 Johnny – How long did you play for?
 Eugene – I wasn’t playing.
 I was training.

 Fuel, the coupon says 5 dollars for rounds 24-48 and92m 60m dollars for rounds 47-49
-
I'm under a lot of pressure at work, and I took it out on you."
 He took her hand and raised her arm so that he could kiss it where he'd squeezed it.
 "Better?"
 "Yes," she breathed.
 He'd never kissed her arm before.
 When he was gone, she dropped onto her bed with a smile.
 But it slowly became a frown.
 She was beginning to think she didn't understand her betrothed at all.
 She'd never seen him get angry before he’d proposed.
 And she'd thought that being betrothed would mean they'd spend more time together, but they were actually spending less time together.

him almost every day about business..92m.0m asked him around what he thought of him, but
-
Find your own way home."
 Chapter 6 There was no reason for Britney's actions to come as any kind of surprise, it was exactly in keeping with her character.
 Even if she didn't believe a word of what she'd just told me, I really was on my way to becoming a social pariah, and her whole existence centered around becoming more popular.
 Even so, knowing I was officially stranded at school with no way home felt very much like the end of the world.
 We still didn't have a phone, and probably wouldn't for weeks to come, even assuming we somehow managed to keep our home through the end of the week.
 Calling Mom and asking her to come and get me was out.
 Presumably if I waited long enough Mom would decide something was wrong and come looking for me.
 Unless she was out hiking somewhere, in which case it might be a day or two before she realized I was missing.
 There was nothing to do but walk.
 I waited a few minutes to give Britney time to get out of the lab, and then walked in and grabbed my things.

e! I was in a lab! My lab was92m in0m a lab! I was going up in
-
I didn't know what to make of her.
 She looked like the type who was always on the fringe of the popular crowd.
 She was the girl who was the first to follow whatever fad happened to be in, and the first to turn on someone if it would make her just a tad more acceptable to her peers.
 I mumbled a response, something that wasn't rude, but which couldn't be mistaken as pleading for friendship.
 Those kinds of girls loved to laugh at the 'poor, desperate, friendless' types behind our backs.
 "You must be Adri Paige.
 I hope people haven't been too terrible to you."
 "Adriana."
 I spent too much time correcting my mom.
 It came out a little rude.

e." "Adri Kyle, as you said." 92m"0mAdri Sam
-
She twirled her staff again.
 “You might be surprised, orcyboy, but I could beat you in a spar.”
 Harruq scoffed.
 “You have no chance,” he said.
 “First to three hits,” the elf said, taking a few steps back.
 “Very well,” Harruq said, drawing his swords in his gigantic arms.
 “Guess you need a reminder of who you’re learning from.” He lowered his weapons and thrust out his chest.
 “Here.
 I’ll prove it.
 Two free hits.

ration from the rest of him. Bottom Line Mine.92m”0m<eop> He held up his torso, noting it
-
Exactly the kind of guy my mom would turn cartwheels over.
 I'd have to make sure they never met.
 I took the opportunity to look a little more closely at the girl.
 Seen from profile, she wasn't quite as pretty as I'd thought originally.
 She wasn't exactly plain-looking, but her features weren't very remarkable.
 She did have incredibly soft-looking wavy brown hair though.
 It looked like debate boy had pretty much finished answering her question.
 I looked back down at my book so I wouldn't get caught staring.
 I was just about to dive back into my text book when someone cleared their throat nearby.
 The tutor was standing at my elbow looking over my assignment.

en0m have to make sure I got a pass, hela. I still had a good week ahead
-
She couldn’t help it,” another groupie remembers.
 “She was Satan’s mistress,” a musician, who wishes to remain anonymous, summed her up.
 That first night Buddy went home with her.
 What happened there is shrouded in mystery, except Skippy recalls Buddy saying, “She had the most beautiful sex I’ve ever seen.
 It tasted like mushrooms and ginger ale.
 And its musk stayed on me for days, like it had gone subcutaneous, like it had replaced my own body odor.” Perhaps this was her hex: Ruthah: The perfume of Immortality.
 Others talk about the size and welcoming essence of Lorelei’s breasts.
 Buddy was mothered; he fed there like a suckling, like a child.
 It wasn’t love but it was something between the sacred and the profane.
 Some say Lorelei was responsible for the beginning of the slide downward for Buddy, filling his head with ideas of stardom, of leaving the backwash of Memphis and making it in a real town like L.A. or Boston.

erican folklore, the second sister of the Prince Philip92m;0m she married the American Prince Philip thirteen
-
They were not officers to be making judgments.
 “I know you don’t like my servants being a Hellborn and a Nymph,” he said keeping his voice light.
 “But they are my sworn men and I trust them; and it is my call.
 Now open the doors.” At the last part he let a sergeant’s voice ring out and it was more order than request.
 And like all good soldiers they immediately carried out his order.
 The door had a strange mechanism such as Rodregas had never seen before.
 Gorin lifted a large handle and solid squares of iron slid out of the floor and the ceiling.
 When both the top and the bottom fully released the guard pushed the doors wide.
 The three immediately pushed through and Rodregas said, “You can close the doors.
 I will pound on them when we are ready to leave.” And with a nervous nod the doors slid closed behind them.

inutes was92m an0m hour of work and so Rodregas selected a platform behind the door to watch. As
-
It was a good thing there was an empty chair nearby.
 The force of Jasmin's stare was almost a palpable thing; my knees got weak so quickly it was like she'd reached out and pushed me.
 I steadied myself and then tried to ignore the way my skin crawled as I crossed the rest of the distance to Brandon's table.
 "The mongrels unnerve you a bit?"
 The scorn on the face that the comment belonged to was unnerving.
 I'd seen him several times before, but didn't have a name to go with his aristocratic features.
 "That's enough, Vincent."
 A trace of rebelliousness flared up at Brandon's chastisement, but Vincent buried it so quickly I almost didn't have enough time to classify it before it disappeared.
 Interestingly enough, I could see Cassie out of the corner of my eye, and she didn't look any happier than Vincent.
 The rest of lunch flew by.

 no shortage of seat and an abundance of food at the92m table0m. I had a gut feeling that they
-
"Spread out and find her."
 The words were nearly unintelligible, coming as they did from a throat that shared little in common with Homo sapiens, but the venom behind them was unmistakable.
 I fled the bed where I'd been studying, and hid in Alec's studio, but I could hear them getting closer, the dissident melody of growls, howls, and destruction growing stronger as they rampaged through the house.
 Terror stretched time out, but even so it felt as though only seconds had passed before I felt Brandon enter Alec's suite.
 I crouched frozen on the floor as my death crept ever closer.
 As Brandon crashed through the studio's far wall in an explosion of plaster and lumber, I tried to shield my eyes, only to find that I couldn't move.
 The incongruity of being restrained when I couldn't see anything constraining my movements was enough to finally snap me back to wakefulness, but it was still several seconds before I stopped thrashing and realized it'd just been an extraordinarily terrifying nightmare.
 As soon as I stopped moving, the iron band around my arms relaxed and slipped away.
 "Are you okay?
 I'm sorry about that, I was afraid you were going to hurt yourself."

claimed. "92mI0m was afraid it would make people think I was hurting myself.
-
She noticed and crossed her arms.
 “Velixar’s gift,” she said.
 “Do you still desire it?”
 Harruq closed his eyes, his fingers shaking.
 Deep within his chest, he felt a rage steadily growing.
 When Velixar had first given the strength to him, he’d felt an overwhelming desire to use it.
 Anger swelled inside, and when he looked to Aurelia he felt an enormous desire to attack.
 She was questioning his master, his brother, questioning what it meant to be him.
 When he opened his eyes, Aurelia stood, shocked by the red light wafting like smoke from Harruq’s eyes.
 “You could never know what I am,” he said.

rose within his chest, and Aure92mlia0m took a deep breath and blinked. “I can never
-
Alec's smile was slightly apologetic.
 "Sorry about that.
 Would you like to listen as well?"
 My confusion earned me a chuckle.
 Alec reached over to the bedside table and picked up a remote that had more buttons on it than most laptops.
 A split second later piano music flooded the room through the myriad of speakers mounted on the ceiling.
 The piece Alec's mother was playing was incredibly beautiful, full of lilting chords of joy that seemed to stumble over each other in a cheerful effort to outdo their predecessors in greeting the audience.
 Five minutes later, she started the number over again, playing with variations on the minor notes, and Alec silenced the speakers with another click of his remote.
 "It's beautiful.
 I never realized she was so good, Alec.

ncy, depth, ringing, incredibly beautiful92m.0m I couldn't believe I was listening with my right ear.
-
Marie sat beside Rick at the library, watching in amazement as titles of books and magazines appeared on a screen in front of him.
 Whenever he found something that he thought could help them, a machine in front of her would print the title and its number on a piece of paper.
 She'd thought it would take hours and hours to find a handful of books.
 But in only 45 minutes Rick had a long list of books and articles.
 He filled out request forms for the articles and led her into more rows of books than she'd ever seen.
 He pulled out book after book, stacking them in her arms.
 When both had as many as they could carry, they went to check them out.
 "We have 17 books and 21 articles," Rick told her when they were back at his house with their materials spread out on the floor in front of them.
 "I don't even know where to start."
 "Can we wait a while?"

ary is almost92m full0m," she told him. He asked if she needed additional materials and asked where
-
I walked through the crowd, which parted as I approached.
 Another defining moment.
 I went to stay with a friend, and I never went home again as long as Dino was alive.
 I promised myself over and over again that if I ever had children, I would never beat them.
 Chapter 7: Now the Truth Comes Out My phone is ringing but this time it is the hands free unit in my ear, my real cell phone number, not the crack-berry.
 I am not here alone, in fact there are about twenty undercover officers with me, but I’m no cop.
 On the phone is lead undercover narcotics officer Denny White.
 Officer White wants to do a last minute sound check on the wire that I am wearing taped to my back.
 It seems that my lack of noise has caused the undercover officers who surround me in cars, vans and bushes to become concerned that they have lost sound.
 They haven’t heard a word from me since my last crack-berry conversation with Ashley, the suspect that I have set up in exchange for dropping pending drug dealing charges.

that0m they can hear the crack-berry and the no listening line that is actually on the opposite side
-
It would be a long while before he did.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The mood in Woodhaven grew somber as dark rumors spread.
 First came word that troops were on their way to enforce an edict evicting all elves from the city.
 The more this rumor spread, the more elves seemed to arrive.
 Elven men and women with camouflage and great longbows patrolled the city.
 Even more lingered in taverns and the homes of kin.
 Many humans left for the homes of family and friends, wanting no part of the coming conflict, while others spent hours whispering with the elf men in the bars.
 The tension grew.

e fighting the elves on the loose, others were still92m roaming0m streets and drinking. There were whispers,
-
Now, the story that’s told is that I hated recording, that I was, I don’t know, juvenile, about doing numerous takes.
 I probably did say, “That was good enough,” a couple times.
 But, man, Jim is such a gentle man, he just took it all in stride.
 He knew when it was done, man, when it was complete.
 If not for him, we never would have gotten “Mr.
 Handy” down, I know.
 And he encouraged that drum solo, man, not like the myth that’s grown up around it, that we, what—perversely tried to kill the album’s potential.
 It was a time of excess, for one thing, and for another, man, listen to that cut.
 It smokes.
 It cooks like little else on vinyl at that time, except for maybe some Cream, some Who.

like that. hear that drum solo, you see92m?0m<eop> Man, that particular cut is something special
-
His ex-fiancée.
 "She isn't my Kim--not any more."
 It had been over a year since they'd broken up.
 "Yeah.
 So I thought maybe she could be my Kim.
 I ran into her at lunch downtown, and I invited her out for drinks that evening.
 She's good, Rick.
 It was the first time I'd been alone with her--you know, without you and my own date--and it took her less than ten minutes to figure out that I'm not exactly the marrying type.
 I still don't know how I gave myself away.
 It was a first."

guess she wasn92m'0mt really the marrying type. Not really anyway. But
-
Meat consumption in China has tripled since 1978 and is expected to more than double again over the next two decades.
 Sugar consumption in developing countries is currently less than half the average of industrial nations.
 In India, sugar consumption is projected to rise from 13 kg to more than 25 kg, generating a demand for a 100 per cent increase in sugar cane production, the establishment of 300 to 400 new sugar mills in the country and the creation of 3 to 4 million new jobs in this industry alone.
 Worldwide, raising the average level of sugar consumption in developing countries could generate tens of millions of additional jobs in agriculture, industry and services.
 Viewing the future demand for food from this perspective reveals a tremendous opportunity.
 Vast sections of humanity now aspire to the higher quantity, wider variety and greater nutritional content of food once consumed only by the wealthy.
 An effort to raise nutritional standards in the developing countries nearer to the levels prevalent among industrial countries will not only eradicate hunger, but also dramatically spur economic growth, employment, and purchasing power among the rural poor, stimulating growth of production and jobs in industry and services, as well as increasing exports and imports.
 Raising the entire world population to the level of the prosperous nations would require a 72 per cent increase in total world food production, measured in terms of calories.
 In order to meet the people’s nutritional requirements for fruit and vegetables, India’s production of these crops needs to double within the next decade.
 Achieving that high level will generate more than six million new jobs in the country.

utrition standards92m for0m developing world food is a timely post-industrial development challenge that everyone should tackle. Our food
-
It was coming, this revolution of meaning, this concentration on the word.
 And, all along, behind it like a dark river, ran the beat, the melody, a sort of communication device that was both insidious and right out there in the open.
 See, rock wasn’t subversive to the people who wanted to know.
 It didn’t trick anybody.
 It’s the most godawful honest music on the planet.
 In the end, I think that’s what has kept it so powerful, its honesty, its lack of guile.
 CM:  	Tell me more about what changed your direction.
 Who are you listening to now, maybe, that you didn’t listen to before.
 BG: 	You mean I went from my Gibson SG to my Martin?
 Listen: rock and roll will kill you, ok?

ng92m.0m Gring. Gring. Gring. Gring. Grin.<cls>
-
Instead of grabbing his swords, Harruq ducked behind a tree.
 “Don’t hurt me,” he shouted.
 His face poked around the tree, his long brown hair falling down past his eyes.
 Much as she tried not to, Aurelia burst into laughter.
 “Get over here,” she said.
 A small silver dagger appeared in her hands.
 Harruq eyed it warily.
 “What’s that for?” he asked.
 “When was the last time you cut your hair?” Aurelia asked.
 The half-orc shrugged, for some reason embarrassed.

ll of blond hair. She fell back and cut it in two.92m Har0mruq grabbed a cup
-
Anyone built like that should be ugly to keep things in balance.
 Not him.
 His square jaw and even features were nothing less than perfection.
 If he ever chose to model, the editors of every major fashion magazine would have pulled out all the stops to land the contract for his debut appearance.
 The whole issue would have to be pictures of him though.
 No amount of airbrushing would suffice to allow other men to ever share the same magazine with him.
 I expected to begin hyperventilating any second, but my lungs seemed frozen.
 My body should have been screaming for oxygen.
 Instead every part of me was screaming for more of that divine face.
 He'd been looking to his left; I pried my gaze away from his profile just long enough to take in a casual tangle of dark, curly hair, and then he was turning towards me.

 for me to chew on92m.0m Bleach from the floor was dripping down my hands and fingers into my stomach
-
She closed her eyes as she stood in the shower, reliving the moment.
 In her mind she could see his face as he told her she was beautiful.
 Her heart had sped up then but nothing like when he'd tilted her chin up and looked into her eyes.
 She'd known then that he was going to kiss her, but she'd been unable to turn away.
 And then his lips had touched hers.
 She shivered beneath the hot spray as she remembered the pleasure she'd felt.
 But that pleasure had frightened her, because it was wrong.
 She was betrothed to Davis.
 When she was dressed, she put her betrothal ring back on.
 She shouldn't have left it off last night.

ck on at Thorpe Park, when she'd made her own bed again92m.0m<eop> All this
-
By the same equation, the more we love ourselves, the more inclined to evil we are, while the more we love God and others, the more we may achieve good.
 As I pull back onto Highway 101, I concluded the greatest evil must be done by those totally in the grip of self-love, and the greatest good by those closest to the annihilation of self.
 I can't find any flaws in that equation, except as regards finding the way along the path away from self-love.
 Dostoyevski maintained our nature compels us to strive toward the love of God and others.
 But preachers often argue that striving does us no good whatever, that in order to grow toward love we need to surrender our selves to God and ask him to lead us.
 Some preachers would contend we can count on God's direct leading, through prayer and messages we will receive if we listen.
 Others would tell us to rely on God indirectly, by reading and following the example of Christ and the principles he gave.
 In the Sermon on the Mount alone, Christ urges us to keep our desires in check, speak the truth, give sacrificially, set aside worries, pray, withhold judgment except about our own thoughts and actions, and ask for good gifts such as wisdom.
 Mostly to slow my whirling mind, I speak a prayer, a request I have often made, asking God to help me love better.
 And what comes is a reminder of something I've been told more than once.

 if we can continue to strive92m toward0m that which we love most, in a fond manner.<eop><eod>
-
“Yeah, I know,” Harruq said, growing quiet.
 The subject of Qurrah’s experiments always made him uneasy.
 “This time there will be a slight difference,” Qurrah said.
 “What’s that?”
 The half-orc shook his head.
 “Not now.
 Another time I will explain.”
 The two grew quiet, and they stared at the fire as the time passed.
 At last, when Harruq was sure Qurrah would not bring up the subject, he spoke.
 “About the guards,” he said.

th Hal, and they waited to hear Asla ask something about him92m.0m Harruq stopped them,
-
"An advertisement?
 People wear nothing but towels in advertisements?"
 "Afraid so.
 I guess we're used to it.
 Most people don't pay much attention to the commercials."
 If she was shocked by that commercial, he'd have to be careful about what movies he let her watch.
 She sat spellbound until 10:00, drinking in the commercials as well as the program.
 "Is that the end of the picture?"
 she asked in disappointment as the closing credits appeared.
 "Yeah.

me on, I dont really look like Tony Robbins. Not92m really0m all, I just
-
Today more than 50 per cent of American workers utilize computers in their work.
 The growth of the World Wide Web has given rise to on-line global markets in which individuals can bid for a broad range of projects involving activities such as research, translation, technical writing, proofreading, desktop publishing, and business consulting.
 A new publication identifies a few hundred self-employment opportunities of this kind.
 The future of work will offer increasing opportunities for people throughout the world to match their specialized knowledge and skills with specialized employment opportunities wherever they may originate.
 Meeting the Skill Shortage: Perhaps the single greatest opportunity for employment growth lies in addressing the growing mismatch between the skills of job seekers and the skills required for expanding economies.
 In both industrial and developing countries, workers may be in surplus, but the skills needed are in deficit.
 In the most prosperous nations, the deficit is concentrated in high technology and professional sectors, in electronics, biotechnology, health care, pharmacology, mathematics, marketing, financial services, and the like.
 The adoption of new technologies even in traditional occupations has resulted in a growing demand for higher skill levels in these fields as well.
 Unemployment is highest among the least educated, least skilled categories, such as machine operators, fabricators and labourers.
 The poor are poor both because they have no assets and because their time and labour have low or no economic value.

o92m better0m jobs that they can do or go back to their communities as well.<eop><eod> Chinese China
-
Alec reached back without looking and moved us directly behind him.
 It wasn't until his arm brushed me that I realized he was shaking ever so slightly himself.
 "There's only one way you're going to touch her, James.
 Are you really ready to take that step?"
 I felt shivers run down me as I realized just how easily everything could boil over into deadly violence.
 The tension in the room pulsed out in waves, skittering many-legged across my skin like something that belonged under a rock somewhere.
 The feeling intensified even more as first Jessica and then Jasmin picked up the same strange, near epileptic quiver.
 James let out a low, grating growl, and my stomach dropped as he looked up with eyes that weren't the unremarkable brown they'd been just a second before.
 The hot yellow eyes of a predator were looking out of James' familiar face, changing it into something threatening and inhuman.
 Answering growls from Jasmin and Jessica seemed to snap something inside of Alec.

ared to be affected by92m a0m slight tremor. It was as if sluggishly going down the same path Alec
-
.
 .
 She swallowed, concentrating on trying to get her heart under control.
 “I can’t believe it!
 I-I’m really going to just walk back into 1927, just go back the way I came.
 We’ve been doing it right all along—except that you had to be the one thinking about my home.” "Yeah."
 Marie stared at him, her eyes widening in disbelief.
 "Rick?
 Are you-are you crying?"
 Not giving him time to respond, she threw her arms around him.

 idea why. "You-a-lea92m-0mm-im-hah-aha.
-
“It means he’s capable, but would not do so without reason.
 If he’s butchering the children, he’s doing it for someone else.”
 “Who?” Dieredon asked.
 She shrugged.
 “My guess is his brother.
 He sounds like a necromancer.”
 Dieredon nodded.
 “I’ll find him and watch him for a bit.
 If either of them slaughters another child, I will see it and put an end to it.”
 Aurelia pulled a few strands of hair away from her mouth and tucked them behind her ear.

 at first92m.0m Dieredon nodded. “I was just thinking about it when I heard the little
-
If not for Chevelle’s desire to skip out on Council business for a few days, or whatever we were doing here, I’d already be imprisoned.
 I could hope that with the dreams, with the mountains, with wherever my family’s map was taking me, I could remember more, could break some part free.
 It was all I would have in my captivity.
 It was the mountains or nothing.
 I could see no other way.
 It was days before I spoke to Chevelle again, though he didn’t seem to mind the lack of conversation.
 He simply rode as he always did, with intermittent glances in each direction, as if I weren’t even there.
 In truth, he hadn’t appeared to notice my behavior at all.
 When I finally broke the silence, we were navigating a narrow pass.
 “How long will we be riding?” I wasn’t specific in my question, not wanting to reveal I had no idea where we were headed.

ed off slowly toward our hotel, bounced off the92m 0mfin, snapped right up with joker
-
I didn’t know.
 I’m sorry.
 Let’s talk about you.
 (garbled)
 CM: 	So, it’s ok to say that you had a complete nervous breakdown at this time?
 BG:  	Yeah, sure.
 That’s what it was.
 I found myself with existential nausea, the kind you wake up with in the morning and it’s all over you like an animal and there’s nowhere to go because the beast is you.
 I often backed myself into a corner and curled there like a fetus, as if covering my balls and stomach were protection, as if I feared some attack of a physical nature.
 This is what the fear does to you.

ear has such a positive effect92m on0m your life. It really does to you. You can experience
-
Rodregas was an experienced man but he was not sure if he had ever seen a woman as beautiful as her, much less thought that he ever had a chance with such a woman.
 He had to smile, amused by his own reaction, as he felt his heartbeat speed up and a rush of heat.
 He had not felt such hormonal surges in a long time.
 He made a decision in his head.
 He had carefully been a gentleman now for several weeks and had not tried anything with the beautiful half AElf, but her teasing expression left him an opening.
 He decided to take advantage of it.
 He spoke very slowly and carefully, letting her know that he knew what he was saying.
 “Actually, I was looking at you, you are amazingly beautiful.
 Your incredible eyes and hair, you are breathtaking.” Rodregas looked at her, his eyes going slowly over her entire body as he spoke.
 Then he shifted his gaze toward Imeralda’s large green eyes.

way, considering she was dressed in long rose bits92m.0m She even looked above and saw him smile at her
-
Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
 Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
 Jim – Not for a second.
 Liz – But you think he would still be angry?
 Jim – Very.
 Liz – Why?

been suicidal and demanded the Omega vitamins and told him Gene’s going92m to0m be on parole,
-
.
 fiancé .
 .
 .
 do together?"
 "Not much.
 We go to dinner and then dancing.
 Sometimes we listen to the radio, he goes to church with my family and has meals with us frequently .
 .
 ."

op> "This you said you could be doing with more life".92m<eop>0m "I lived
-
"It's like ice cream but better for you.
 The flavors are on that board.
 What sounds good to you?"
 She couldn't make up her mind between chocolate-covered cherry and chocolate almond, so he asked for a sample of each.
 When she at last chose the former, he ordered a waffle cone of it for her--inspired to have M & Ms added at the last minute--and a cone of pecan praline for himself.
 "What do you think?"
 he asked after they'd sat down and begun eating.
 "Mmm."
 She swallowed and licked her lips.
 "This is heavenly.

 w92maff0mle cone in a bowl for you?" He pressed down on the table and
-
I was so busy worrying how I'd deal with Cassie when I saw her that it took me a minute to realize the car had slowed as it approached.
 "Wow, I drive all this way, and then you deprive me of the pleasure of the last hundred feet."
 The deep, smooth voice was unmistakable even if the light was still too poor to make out anything else.
 I slipped inside the Mustang with a grin playing at the edge of my lips despite my best efforts to remain cool and collected.
 "Well, I didn't want to start your day off too well, or everything else would be anticlimactic."
 "Really?
 You weren't just worried I wasn't going to show up?
 Because you understand how someone could've been thinking you'd walked down your lane so you could catch the bus if I'd forgotten about you?"
 I'd been giving Brandon my crinkled-nose glare for a solid three seconds before his easy laugh made me realize what I was doing.
 I hadn't done that to anyone in months, it'd been my trademark expression for when a family member had made me mad.

ia He Tra Presentar92m.0m The last fifty feet felt like a mile didn't it? That was
-
It wasn’t actually that small but it looked that way from the street.
 There were six swings and a tower with four slides attached to it.
 I ran after them with Emily right behind me.
 I slowed down next to Jason and put my arm on his shoulder.
 “Hey Jason, do you know Seth’s a liar?” I asked and Seth shot me a bad look.
 Jason frowned at me, “What are you talking about, Jazell?” “He broke his own rules.
 He was out scouting without telling us.” I smiled and Jason stiffened.
 “What?” he growled.
 “Are you two trying to create trouble?” Seth cut in.
 Emily put her arm around my shoulders.

ave I been92m 0mzapped? What happened to Seth? Looking at Jason from roughly behind
-
I’d have to question him later.
 I sighed, “Well, at least we can hang out early.” “Well, while you were arguing with the boys I called home and they said you could come over now.” Emily flashed me one of her million-watt smiles.
 “Great!” I piped.
 “I’ll call home quickly to check with my parents.” I called home and my parents said I could go, which wasn’t much of a surprise.
 I’ve been to plenty of sleepovers at Emily’s, so my parents didn’t mind.
 Plus, our parents were close and Emily’s family was practically an extension of our own.
 We rode over to her house and parked our bikes in the garage.
 We knocked on the door and a woman answered.
 Emily’s mom was short, small and bony.
 Her light brown hair was almost blonde without any gray in it.

was a young, energetic92m 170m-22 year old. Emily had a smart, bright heart. Her smart
-
"All right."
 She sat up and pushed her hair out of her face.
 "Your father and brother have already had breakfast.
 Would you like me to bring you a tray?"
 "No, thank you.
 I'm not hungry."
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her daughter for a moment.
 "Are you sure you can't go .
 .
 .

anton held out the tray92m to0m her daughter and sat her down.<eop> "<sep> so
-
I managed to do at least a passable job hiding my near frown as I nodded in acceptance.
 "Can I have just a few minutes today after school to tell her?"
 Alec's hand was warm on my face as he nodded.
 "You're amazing.
 All the things being taken away from you just because you got involved with the wrong crowd, and you just do what has to be done.
 Of course you can have a few minutes.
 I'm sorry to make you do this."
 I wanted to tell him it was less than he was doing.
 To say it was the least I could do considering this was all my fault, but the unabashed bliss of having him touch me was overwhelming.
 It took surprising effort to string coherent thoughts together.

take this long if92m Alex0m was going to go down somewhere lovely, somewhere uber beautiful, wherever
-
He was grieving so hard…” His expression lost all trace of its usual cockiness as he brought back the memory.
 “Her enchantments numbed him.
 Then, when he woke from them, the tragedy gave him purpose.” A shadow of his smile returned as he looked away.
 “The irony is her tragedy gave root to the idea—” “Frey.” Chevelle was suddenly standing between us.
 I gaped up at him, the trance of Steed’s words broken.
 “Huh?” “Time to go.” There was anger in his voice.
 I didn’t know what I had done, but I stood obediently.
 Chevelle pulled me away from Steed.
 “I’ll take her,” Ruby offered.
 “No.

et you left her at the apartment.” She stopped in front of me, holding back92m the0m moral
-
“Well, and then I got lost.
 Sorry.” Aunt Fannie was incensed, her curses flying out in a rant that felt as if it would never end.
 The years of listening to it seemed to coalesce, and I was suddenly exhausted.
 “I think I’ll go lie down.” “Do you think you can just sleep when you want to sleep?
 Whose tree do you think this is?
 You’ll lie down when I say you’ll lie down…” I bit down on a groan, eyes running over the wood grain of the table as I tuned her out.
 I knew the outcome if I didn’t, and I was already in trouble enough.
 Shortly after her tirade insisting I stay until I had earned permission to leave, the one-sided argument ran its course and Fannie tired of looking at me and sent me on my way.
 I trudged out of the kitchen, through the main sitting area, and into my room.
 It was dark except for a small beam of light from a knothole in the wall.

my last attempt to read the pyramids so carefully one morning92m that0m summer before I ever went out to
-
she makes men want .
 .
 .
 think about-about .
 .
 ."
 He grinned.
 "I think I understand."
 He reached out to squeeze her hand.
 "I've never seen a picture of her or even heard of her, but I'd bet money that she's not as sexy as you."

> "Who the fuck92m?0m You look like someone?<eop> "She knows how sexy needs
-
He of course remained frustratingly calm, even when we hit a bump with enough force to nearly send everyone flying out of the bed.
 The other girls were trying hard to appear nonplussed.
 They were probably even fooling the boys, but they weren't enjoying themselves.
 I was nearly sick by the time the track we were following leveled out, but there was just enough light left for me to enjoy the last of the sunset as we finished up the last ten minutes of the drive.
 As the final glimmers of color faded away into twilight, Vincent pulled his truck over in a spray of dust, and we were there.
 I'd been expecting a lot of people.
 Even I knew you couldn't finish off two kegs of beer with eight or nine people, but this was crazy.
 There were already at least thirty people here, and based on the clouds of dust I could now see coming from where we'd just been, there were more people still on their way.
 Brandon nimbly jumped out of the truck bed, and then helped me down to the ground as Vincent came back and manhandled one of the kegs to the edge of the tailgate and tapped it.
 My first kegger had just officially started.

ly exploded when he fumbled for it,92m and0m next thing I knew, he was getting his grip. The
-
I pulled it down as I walked inside the house.
 Mom was gone, there wasn't any reason I couldn't read whatever was in the envelope in the living room, but I found myself quickly climbing up our creaky stairs and closing my bedroom door behind me.
 I tore the envelope open and pulled out a piece of heavy paper, almost like parchment.
 The writing was elegant, a kind of flowing script that was different from anything I'd ever seen, but which paled against the sheer artistry of the sigil positioned at the bottom of the note.
 Adriana, Your words of thanks were altogether unexpected, but decidedly appreciated.
 You're most welcome for whatever small part I might have played in helping events to unfold as they would have in a perfect world.
 My actions were not such as to merit any large boon from you, but still I must ask one.
 Please never show this note to anyone.
 I ask not for myself, but for the others such knowledge could affect.
 I hope your circumstances continue on much as they are now, but on the chance they do not, I can be reached by leaving a note in the hollow of the lightning-struck tree half a mile to the east of your house.

od Friday. And while I pray for you92m,0m I hope for you my father, too.<eop>
-
Recognition of this opportunity should be central to the strategy of industrial nations for stimulating their own job growth.
 Advancing technology: The pace of technological development continues to accelerate.
 The application of biotechnology in agriculture offers significant opportunities to raise productivity and generate higher incomes for farmers.
 Medical biotechnology is opening up the prospect of longer, healthier lives of better quality for the elderly.
 Over the next 40 years, child mortality is expected to fall to half its present level and life expectancy is projected to rise by 10 per cent.
 The shift to renewable energy sources and reduced material consumption in manufacturing can lighten the environmental burden of economic growth.
 Concerted action now could bring these benefits much sooner.
 Information superhighways: Information is a catalyst and stimulant to social development.
 The speed of information, like the speed of transportation, is a critical determinant of economic activity.
 Innovations brought about by the marriage of computers and telecommunications will make possible more, faster and better communication in developing countries at substantially lower cost through global computer networks and satellite-linked telephone systems.

92m,0m information offers economic benefits for many life Important, opposing environmental forces, including human resources, are being
-
Jim – What now?
 Art – We’re adopting Eugene.
 He asked me to do it, I think that’s the reason he wanted to talk to me so badly.
 It needs to be done.
 Jim – DAMN IT.
 I mean… Damn it.
 Art – You don’t think that’s a good idea?
 Jim – Yes and no.
 Art – How so?
 Jim – Well, it’s great that we’re going to get him away from his father for good.

k that’s a good idea?”. Jim92m 0m– Yes and no. Art –
-
I hated this, if I was aware of it—I really don’t remember.
 Keep in mind, all I wanted to do was play my guitar and write songs.
 And I was writing at an astonishing clip and artists were picking up on it, and, well, the money started coming in.
 See, in a way, I was fortunate.
 I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
 Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
 And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.
 See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.
 So I wrote.
 And, even if we never performed any of it, which we didn’t, they were my songs, and they were popping up on the radio.

ve, but it was really92m my0m song that sold the record. And I think this is why the trade
-
I didn’t know if I was relieved.
 My mind went over the encounter again as I made my way home.
 Did he always wear such a stern expression?
 Why was he looking at me so intensely?
 But I had my answer: Because you keep staring at him, fool.
 It seemed to me Fannie always knew when I didn’t want to be bothered and went out of her way to ensure I was.
 I quietly entered the house, hoping to slip right into my room, but there she was, smack in the center of the sitting area, drunk as a two-day jamboree.
 She stopped me on my way through and forced me to sit, her audience.
 I watched her as she rambled.
 She had the same dull blonde hair and muddy-brown eyes as me, though my eyes were specked with green.

smile anywhere that I could see. I was so hungry for Fletcher.92m I0m wanted him to marry her
-
“Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” should have been huge for The Seeds, yet it only charted, barely.
 I think.
 So, most people think they only did “Pushin’ Too Hard.”  Their first album is actually really kick-ass, better than the Stones, if you ask me, better than 12 X 5, better than Out of Our Heads.
 Inexplicable, really, who makes it and who doesn’t.
 Best not even ponder it.
 I mean, if Black Lung had charted nationally, higher, well, who knows, you know?
 History re-written.
 Shit, who cares?
 I mean, I wouldn’t be here then.
 I wouldn’t be the working man you see before you.

t0m have a chance to make it.<eop> We all have our work, just like they do.
-
He had to warn master.
 But he could not open his mouth.
 He could not move.
 The pegasi were closer.
 They were readying their bows.
 He had to speak!
 “Can you feel it?” the man in black asked.
 “Can you feel your heart shudder and throb?
 Here, let me help your pain.”
 Dieredon lay on his back, staring up at him.

n, rein, rein, rein, rein, rein92m,0m rein, rein, rein, rein,
-
I sliced at them furiously, but I wasn’t fast enough.
 Out of the corner of my eye I saw a flash of lightning and it confused me for a moment; no storm was near.
 A vine wrapped my shoulder, jerking me back.
 I was trapped.
 I looked to Ruby, but she could not help me now.
 Beyond her, a line of long flowing robes marched through the mist… coming for us.
 The sight gave me strength, or courage, or blinding stupidity.
 I didn’t know, but I went with it with everything I had.
 I was trapped against the wall, unable to move, but there was one thing I could do.
 The sun broke through the clouds and I saw precisely what I needed.

g about the mist, hiding under a blinding stupidity cloak92m.0m They come for us... watch
-
.
 everybody needs to be held!
 That's not immoral!"
 He leaned toward her.
 "I've held you a number of times.
 Was that wrong?"
 She dropped her gaze.
 "Well, no.
 Not proper, really, but not immoral."
 He reached out to squeeze her hand.

way?<eop> She shook her head.92m 0m"Oh, not that stick." He pushed her elbow
-
Rodregas let go of the broken neck and stood quickly, trying to clear himself of the gore.
 Both slavers looked shocked at what had happened and Rodregas moved quickly to take advantage of their surprise.
 He went to the right and slammed his remaining sword into the Orqui.
 The slaver grunted with pain and surprise at his quick change of targets.
 Rodregas’ short sword caught him in the shoulder.
 The guard half fell and half stumbled away to safety.
 Rodregas turned to the final slaver and saw fear in his eyes.
 Then Rodregas looked around and saw that he was no longer facing just one remaining opponent, but now faced four including another Immortal Guard and three more slavers.
 He had hoped they could pick off enough with the Black Yew bows to keep odds like this against them.
 Rodregas glanced to the ground hoping to see the previous guard’s blue steel long sword.

rod of92m 0mox. Rodregas looked down at his own picture to see a
-
I want to hear about you and Sharon."
 "She's a nice girl.
 We had a good time."
 "So do you think it'll go anywhere?"
 "Probably to another date.
 What is this, Ted--are you and I two teenage girls?"
 "No .
 .
 .
 but I have to report back to Lauri.

omething. I can tell that every one of you was a teenage girl. So92m you0m need to tell
-
Here a bone poked up from the filth, there a fingernail.
 Floating above, transfixed in patient stasis, a soul awaiting a host, shone two crimson eyes.
 * Note from the Author Note from the Author{{{1 A NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR
 I never set out to write a dark fantasy.
 I had two characters in my head, troubled half-orcs without home or family and whose decisions would one day bathe a world with war.
 To tell their story I had to start at the beginning, and the beginning is not kind.
 Reading some letters and reviews, I’ve seen just how dark I’ve gone.
 What you have just read is a slight alteration from my original manuscript.
 I have not changed the brothers’ actions.
 Instead, I have tried to show a bit more into their thoughts, their hearts, and their souls.

cope92m.0m Both choose to follow their mother and father’s advice and return to the good that is
-
He could have everything he desired, but to obtain it he must give all he had._
 _My life for you._
 _Those were the words._
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The following night, Harruq slipped out into the street.
 Lamps were lit here and there, casting shadows across the road.
 Harruq stayed far from Celed, the elven side of town, since they sent all their children to be raised in Nellassar, deep in the heart of the Erze forest.
 It was the human children, especially the poor and the destitute, that Harruq sought.
 Of course, none would be out playing, not with so many dead and missing.

s always on the menu for the holiday 92mung0m chicken, bread, hot wings, rounds made of
-
Broadening the scope to include other agricultural products, particularly textiles, the potential for accelerating global economic growth by an agriculture-led strategy is even greater.
 Cotton is a crop with a very high income and employment multiplier effect.
 Per capita cotton consumption in poorer developing countries such as India is less than half the level in China and less than a third the level in industrial nations.
 Measures of the gap between the prevailing levels of nutrition in developing countries and the levels achieved in the West reveal a huge potential for increasing demand for agricultural production, which can serve as an engine to drive the growth of the world economy.
 Extrapolation from ICPF’s studies of the employment potential of expanding agricultural production in India suggests that more than one billion jobs can be created worldwide through a strategy that focuses on raising agricultural productivity as an engine for improving diets, employment and industrialization.
 Challenges in Agriculture
 The ratio of growth of foodgrain production to population growth has entered into a period of decline over the past decade – increasing at just one per cent per year compared to three per cent during the previous two decades.
 There is a similar trend for other staple crops and meat.
 For fish, there has actually been a net decline of seven per cent in per capita world production.
 To a large extent, this slowdown is the result of slower growth in demand, especially in industrial countries, under lining the fact that food security is predominantly an economic problem rather than a technological one.

 concern (AMS) has identified wide disparities in bio92m,0m bio- and carbon-4 nutrients, which
-
The bow bounced back into its regular shape and his arrow shot up and floundered in the air before falling to earth.
 Where both Imeralda and Doi’van had nailed the dead tree in the exact center, his arrow was closer to the barn then the target.
 Unfortunately, the barn was in the opposite direction.
 Rodregas heard a few unkind chuckles from the other two at his shot.
 “I don’t understand it,” he said.
 “Why do I have so much trouble controlling my magical power now?
 I know I have a lot more power, but you both have lots of power as well, yet I can’t seem to control it.” The frustration in his own voice was clear.
 “Could you feel anything?” Rodregas asked Imeralda.
 “No.” she responded.
 “Your power is strong and untamed, in flavor more like Doi’van’s power than a nymph’s or AElf’s, but Doi’van can master the spell.

 can see92m in0m me. It’s still not any magic. And, I supposedly can still control
-
I ask for the Master-yielder to show me how to yield.
 Jesus, Supreme of surrender Who obeyed unto death, You who proclaimed, "Not my will but Yours be done," Unless you say that through me, I will continue to march to the beat of my own heart.
 Think through me Speak through me Obey through me.
 Lord, Ordainer of obedience, I bow before You.
 I adore you.
 Adore through me.
 And if You must, Sweat those drops of blood through me.
 So be it.
 The Danger of Watching Joan of Arcadia
 In Oregon, I’m speeding alongside one of the many wide and glistening rivers and gazing across at concentric rows of emerald hills at intervals topped with lacy clouds when I catch myself admiring them to such a degree I could call it worship.

2m are0m meant to be like her aren’t you? Joan of Arc never leaves, she rises,
-
What was that funny thing he said?
 “I’m only a song and dance man.” (laughs)  That’s right.
 That’s what he should say.
 CM: 	Someone called “A Day in the Life” a miniature “Waste Land.”
 BG:  	That’s caca, isn’t it?
 I mean, c’mon.
 Have you read “The Waste Land?”  Jesus.
 You know, I love “Day in the Life.”  Shit.
 It doesn’t get much better than that, pop music-wise.
 “I read the news today oh boy” is just about the finest first line I’ve ever heard.

92m of0m “Day in the Life” is beyond my control. You know, on that album I
-
Afterwards, well… after several afterwards, they were curled up on her mattress.
 Rodregas was very happy he had salvaged the mattress from Captain Poir.
 He had had no way to know that the mattress was going to come in so handy.
 He lay there with Imeralda's head laying on his shoulder and her body half draped on his own and half on the mattress, he was thankful that Doi’van had clearly heard what was going on.
 Rodregas assumed he must have slept back in the barn.
 Doi’van walking in unaware of the situation would have been very embarrassing.
 Rodregas had suggested to Imeralda that they should stop in case Doi’van walked in, but she had shown no signs of caring and quickly took the thought away from him with her actions.
 Rodregas wanted to ask her what this encounter had meant, but he knew that while such questions were natural they were never helpful.
 Two people fresh from their first lovemaking were in no place to talk about a relationship.
 Rodregas had made a promise to the gods and though she was the most amazing woman in the world, still he would do his duty.

was92m and0m he would not lie or magically establish a relationship with another woman. Name it, name
-
Nevertheless, this is fiction fiction fiction.
 ***
 Introduction by Camel Jeremy Eros
 The veracity of the following has been called into question.
 That the people who would know, the people who were actually there, all three voices heard here, are all dead makes proving it somewhat difficult.
 Buddy Gardner died, famously, of a heroin/pill/alcohol overdose;   Lorelei Enos died only a few years ago by her own hand, after an incident, which was kept out of the papers because of the famous talk show host involved.
 And, Creole Myers, the interviewer, died just last year of cancer.
 But, if you listen, that is, if you can read between the lines here, you’ll find, not only an extraordinary document, but one that could only come from the personalities involved.
 The voices are theirs.
 The story is theirs, even as it belongs to a generation.

 The people92m who0m would have told this story are dead. And yet, who was there really
-
What had she said, until a pattern became noticeable?
 I shivered at the thought.
 “Poison.” He nodded in silent acknowledgement.
 “In the village, some of the elves never paired up.” I thought of Junnie’s family.
 “But I guess most of those had received the calling.” Grey scoffed ahead of us.
 I hadn’t realized he could hear us.
 I was embarrassed, but couldn’t stop myself.
 “What?” His horse slowed to fall in with ours as he spoke.
 “The calling?” I didn’t understand.
 It had been a thing of honor, but he spoke of it as if it were a joke.

had spoken of that? Grey laughing at his arrogance,92m as0m if there was to be expected. On
-
“A horrid creature took several of our men.” I nodded.
 “An imp.” “I’d never believed it to be true if I hadn’t seen it myself.” He was lost in thought as he continued, “We may move again.
 The risk seems too great.” Suddenly, I didn’t want them to relocate.
 I wanted them to stay right there, where I could watch them.
 I tried to make him feel safe.
 “You know, I could protect you.” He was incredulous.
 I decided to show him.
 I stepped forward, noting his unease at my movement, and faced the boar that lay on the ground behind him.
 He turned to see what I was focusing on.
 I was afraid to scare him too much, so I decided on a small gesture.

 I embraced him, calling the horses over to release the beast from92m its0m prison.<eop> The wolves
-
CM: 	Ok.
 BG:  	Right.
 CM: 	What about the road?
 Are you going back out?
 Do you enjoy touring?
 BG:  	Touring is the dark outside the circle of the light of creativity.
 You dig?
 I mean, it’s corrupt.
 If I didn’t have to do it, I wouldn’t.
 Not anymore.

ivity has become muted. In high school, I could read, fish, run92m,0m do drugs
-
I'd never realized how much fun it could be to belong to a group.
 Things weren't ideal; I'd never met a group with so many inside jokes.
 Half the time I felt like there was an entire conversation being carried on over my head, but sitting next to Brandon left me with such a tingly feeling all along my right side that I didn't really mind.
 Not even the presence of a pop quiz in History managed to faze me.
 Almost before I knew it I was sitting down in Physics.
 As usual, Alec slipped into class a half second before the bell.
 I was so happy I forgot how arrogant he was, and I smiled at him as he sat down.
 It was like he was looking at something that wasn't even human.
 My insides seemed to freeze and shrink.
 I couldn't even muster up my normal blush of embarrassment.

 stuck on this one. It just92m always0m makes me sit there dumb with the hand in front of me
-
I had no idea that boys and girls did such things.
 I immediately went home and wrote her a song.
 CM: 	You remember it?
 BG:  	Ha.
 Well, yeah, some of it.
 “Cathy took me/out of the cold/Cathy took me/she was so bold.”  (laughs)  Shit.
 Ok, it was awful, but what other tribute could I give to such a fine gift?
 I wonder where she is now.
 Probably married some tax accountant or corporate lawyer.
 She was our class valedictorian in high school.

llege. 25 years of caring for her. When my brothers92m and0m I moved out the door in December
-
He saw the face of his master, and the sick grin there horrified him.
 “I will not die!” he shrieked.
 “I will not die!”
 His flesh burned in fire, his bones blew away as dust on the wind, and only an empty robe remained of the being that was Velixar.
 Yet, still haunting the wind, was his final cry, a promise to the world of Dezrel.
 _“I will not die!”_
 * Chapter 17 Chapter 17{{{1 17
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Miles away, Harruq awoke screaming.

 be long gone!92m His0m father, Ra, was with him in the house of Delvor. Ra
-
You could come with them."
 Marie had been looking forward to going to the Cape, but listening to her mother talk about it, she wasn't so sure she was up to going.
 She needed the familiarity of home.
 She went up to her room soon after Tom left.
 She hadn't bought a stuffed animal for Rick's t-shirt, so she spread the shirt over a pillow.
 After she'd changed into a nightgown, she clutched his handkerchief in her fist and sat down in the rocking chair by her bed.
 She wished she'd gone to the library today--she'd like to have something to occupy her mind.
 She-- There was a tap at her door.
 "Marie?"
 "Come in."

ded. A boy brought that small box92m of0m milk from Rick's crate, wearing a white hat.
-
If you develop good foot work and keep them moving and you keep your center of gravity low, you can win against stronger but less-disciplined fighters.” They both nodded, for the moment convinced.
 “Now watch and try to learn this basic form.” Rodregas stepped into position; his knees deeply bent, his hands loose but raised just below his shoulders.
 He stepped forward and raised his left arm in a sweeping block and then he took another step and struck out in a swift blow to an imagined attacker with his right hand.
 While he followed a set form in his mind, he also saw his invisible attacker and he struck like he was really there, his blow stopping only when they met the invisible attacker’s form.
 After sharing a few basic blocks and strikes, he stopped and faced the other two again, and said, “Now, I will repeat that and then you two can take a turn.” Learning to fight through mastering one’s own form was new to both, and they struggled to follow his example.
 Doi’van often over reached any possible opponent, while Imeralda’s movements had little of real strength or violence behind them.
 She kept dropping her hands and leaving herself open to attack.
 He restarted slowly going over the first form’s footwork, even the small moves caused his stomach wound to bleed and he guessed he probably needed to wrap it tighter after he was done.
 Rodregas kept repeating the most basic form until he felt they were starting to get their center of gravity down, but keeping their feet free to move and their hands up ready to block.
 He was enjoying teaching Kata, both for himself and because they were both eager students and learned quickly.

d Doi’da were looking at each other and stopped and finished92m,0m watching something break in the
-
Qurrah stood and bowed before his new master.
 “I will be here,” he said.
 “And I will be ready.”
 “Go.” Velixar waved his hand, and Qurrah obeyed.
 Harruq was still snoring when Qurrah returned to bed.
 If he had not been so preoccupied, he would have noticed the slight irregularity of the snoring and the exaggerated movements of his brother’s chest.
 * Chapter 4 Chapter 4{{{1 4
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Harruq hurried down the road, doing his best to pretend he knew what he was doing.

he farmhouse. I am coming home from the smith shop last night92m.0m we will man a long
-
Jim – Well dad is a rules lawyer so he’ll let you know if you step wrong.
 Art – Ok, lets get dinner cleared away so the crushing of your egos can begin.
 (They clear the table and get set up to play)
 Liz – Is he always like this?
 Jim – Cut the trash talk Art.
 Karen – Yes, this is supposed to be a friendly family game.
 Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.
 Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
 Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.
 Art – Still aching from last years defeat are you?

ain, this time, this time the right grandchildren will win92m?0m Jim – Everybody smiled and Ed
-
Rodregas groaned to himself as the group picked up the pace on the tower steps.
 Over the last few years, his right knee acted up whenever he mounted stairs.
 That, of course, was just one of many complaints advanced years bestowed upon him.
 How ironic that the young prisoners were on their way to die, when old useless men like him, and scumbag fellow guards, continued to live.
 He suppressed a shiver of excitement at the notion that this time will be different.
 This time, he would not just cry out to the gods about the injustice while innocent people burned.
 He filled his lungs with stale air tainted with burning pitch and tried to sink into the mindless guard mentality that kept him functioning for the past decade and a half.
 Once a man loses all hope of a decent life, it is astonishing what he will do to stay alive.
 For the last twenty years his following orders and doing his duty, along with his better than average training for a guard, had served him well.
 He had been safe from the bounty on his head and for the most part.

idiculous thought that he is he subscribe to such a warring mindset. Life, under the guise92m of0m fighting
-
I thought, perhaps, my head would explode.
 I didn’t understand.
 In my reptile brain I have also the memory of my friend Ricky Adams’ big brother having “folk” albums, some by a handsome, young, angular-faced singer named Bob Dylan, whose songs were meant as social anthems, wrong-righters.
 I didn’t know what to make of these threnodies.
 They were so stark, so naked.
 It was just a man’s voice, crying in the wilderness.
 This must have been shit, what?
 1962?
 Earlier?
 I can’t do a timeline, man, not even of my own life—some of it is such a blur.

ps of our birthday celebrations92m,0m man, and still there may be things growing over time in our relationships
-
Then I will work with you on learning to read while Imeralda starts going through these books to see if any of them have some simple stuff that we can work on.” Rodregas finished in his best sergeant’s voice.
 It held a tone that let everyone simply know that a decision has been made.
 Imeralda seemed glued to the books, but Doi’van and Rodregas went to work on cleaning up the rest of the barn.
 They would not be able to do much more without getting some timber.
 They all worked or read until it was too dark and than they fell asleep quickly.
 The next morning, after they had finished Morning Prayer, Rodregas said, “Alright, are you two ready for a little fighting practice?” At their nod he added, “It is always good to start with the basics.
 I thought we would go over some fighting forms.
 Are you two familiar with learning forms, also known as Kata?” he asked.
 He was expecting Imeralda to shake her head but was a little surprised that Doi’van did as well.
 He clearly knew how to fight.

2m Do0mi’van was Willi’s mother to whisk all them away from the original team.
-
Marie whirled around to see Davis in the doorway.
 "Would you?"
 she breathed, thrilled at the prospect of spending the day in her beau's company.
 He usually worked on Saturday mornings.
 "If you like."
 He smiled at Jefferson.
 "Your father and I were going to discuss business this morning, but--" "But I think it's much more important for Davis to take you shopping.
 Go ahead, young man--we can put business off for a few hours."
 Marie hung onto Davis' arm as they walked out to his automobile.
 "Thank you for taking me.

" she said, into the parking lot. "The car monitors are in town92m,0m so
-
My time with this human had felt like living.
 This was wrong.
 I would return to him tomorrow, set things right.
 As I ran, I realized I was still carrying the dress with me.
 I couldn’t understand why I had bothered dragging it along, but my grip on it was tight.
 I rolled it up, tucking it under my arm as I approached the castle.
 My prison.
 Prison.
 I pushed the book into my pack and finally slept.
 When I woke, I felt better.

ght. I had noticed things in my waking state that had been undetectable to me92m for0m so
-
“I have no strength left to open another portal.
 You, and he, will have to wait until I get some rest.”
 “How long will that be?”
 “Tomorrow morning,” she said.
 He raged and sputtered but could think of nothing to say or do.
 Finally, he started walking.
 “Where are you going?” she asked him.
 “To get my brother,” he said without turning around.
 “They will kill you,” she shouted.
 “They will see you and kill you.

root isotope is the electron isotope f m.a.k.".92m<eop>0m<eod> In a
-
Rick groaned, wishing he'd told her that driving wasn't allowed before 10:00 a.m.
 He turned over and went back to sleep, but 15 minutes later, after her shower, she pounded on his door.
 "Rick, are you up?
 I'll be ready in 20 minutes!"
 He couldn't help smiling as he rubbed his eyes sleepily.
 She was so excited about everything.
 He'd better not let her have tea before she got behind the wheel.
 "OK, I turn the key, right?"
 she said, almost quivering with excitement as she slid behind the wheel.
 "Yeah, but take a minute to calm down.

92m His0m throat cleared, then the phone rang. It was Rick. He eyed her as she
-
Over the next two months we received calls from our son and his counselor as he was in the part of the program where he was assigned to come clean with his family, acknowledge his behavior, and confess to the many terrible things he had done.
 The calls were very hard on us because even though they were necessary, we felt like he was getting so much better and we were getting all this bad news about stuff in the past.
 We understood that this was a necessary part of his treatment; he needed to cleanse himself and ask for our forgiveness.
 At the end of every confession he would ask if we would accept him back into the family to which we always answered yes!
 Every time Brandon called he seemed more mentally clear.
 Brandon’s counseling had revealed several things that had caused him to bury himself in drugs and he was learning how to manage those painful experiences.
 One big event was when our son received a call from another friend of his while we were away on a family vacation.
 The friend told Brandon that his best friend, Tom, had been in a horrible car accident and was near death.
 Our son, like Tom, just sixteen years old, was hysterical, and we returned home immediately.
 It seemed like half of the high school was holding a vigil at the hospital when we arrived.

andon and Tom, because our son was learning to cope with everything. His friend92m,0m Tom, was
-
Another smirk as he held my door open for me.
 "I told you.
 Great instincts resulting from superior breeding."
 "Fine, don't tell me.
 I didn't really want to know anyway."
 Brandon chuckled as he threw the Mustang into reverse and sped out of the lane faster than normal.
 The stereo clicked over to another song as we flipped around and headed back into town.
 It was more of the thrumming beats I'd come to associate with Brandon.
 "I thought this place was in one of the parks or something.
 Why are we headed back to town?"

uldn't rap over a park in town while they were driving. 92m"0mSounds like a
-
Brandon greeted them with a handshake that turned into a hug.
 He thanked them.
 I think the arrest helped him realize how long the police had been after him and how much they knew about him and that dealers he knew were working for the police.
 After rehab when his head was clear, and he knew how close he came to dying or going to prison, I think he respected what the police were doing.
 By then, several more of his friends had died from an OD or were in rehab or prison.
 We chatted and the officers said that they called Brandon the “one percent kid” due to his progress through recovery.
 They also joked about how I was still the talk of the narcotics and uniform officers as this crazy father who went undercover to save his son’s ass.
 It was an odd gathering but I know the officers enjoyed it and I know they appreciated that their efforts had a positive result on someone.
 While we had Brandon home for this brief time we also attended a family wedding.
 The four of us, Brandon, Bryce, Lisa and myself, drove together several hours north to a coastal town in northern California.

re who had wired everything onto their bandwidth and it worked great92m.0m He shared with him that it was
-
And if she complied, I would do exactly what I would have done yesterday, before I surrendered.
 I might be forgiven, but I felt no less corrupt than before.
 Lucky for her, we lost her in the crowd.
 In the car, Cliff and I didn’t mention surrendering.
 We drove to a party, and told nobody about Billy Graham.
 We stayed in the kitchen, drank a couple beers and talked baseball with a few lonely guys.
 A card game started, but poker is no fun if you don’t care who wins.
 The only girls were hanging on their boyfriends.
 So we left.
 In the Chevy, Cliff said, “Tijuana?” “Sure,” I said.

urn back. “No, he said, you’re crazy, you crazy. Ok92m,0m a
-
He dropped his swords.
 His hands closed about something soft.
 By the time his rage calmed, blood was on his hands and the remains of an elf lay in the dirt below the window.
 “Stupid elfie,” he said, gingerly touching the arrow in his neck.
 Not knowing what else to do, he closed his hand about the shaft and pulled.
 A minute later, still lying in agonizing pain, the half-orc managed to pry open one of his healing potions.
 He gulped the swirling blue-silver contents and then tossed the vial.
 Ripping the other arrow out of his side, he felt a warm, soothing sensation fill his body.
 “Are you alright?” he heard a raspy voice ask from atop the stairs.
 “Yeah, I’m fine.

2m just0m feel like a damn fish.”<eop><eod> Except for the green and blue bottle of
-
A tiny pebble lay on the ground at my feet.
 I focused on it hard, willing it to rise.
 When nothing happened I looked for Chevelle’s reaction.
 He watched me, his serene mask back in place.
 “Do you need motivation?” I was afraid of the kind of motivation he’d provide, remembering the fireballs flying at me in the meadow.
 “No.” My answer was too quick, and he laughed.
 I knelt closer to the gray rock.
 I thought it moved a little, as if trembling in fright, and the notion had me shaking my head.
 Chevelle stood.
 “You’re trying too hard, Freya.

h lobster shark, man!”<eop> This challenge,92m spark0m for spark, showed that we had something to
-
Not singing out loud, but making the power vibrate and move in a rhythm that matched the wood.
 When that magical rhythm was reached, the bow suddenly became almost fluid and moved nearly of its own volition.
 The arrows flew with incredible force and accuracy.
 The only problem was that the three could not practice freely as the arrows sometimes shattered on impact, as they flew with such force.
 Doi’van quickly mastered the spell and the use of the bow.
 Rodregas, on the other hand, struggled to learn the artistry of the spell.
 One afternoon, a few days after Doi’van had mastered the spell, Rodregas stood there with the bow trying hard to both find the rhythm of the spell and shoot the weapon.
 Imeralda stood next to him, her hand lightly touching the bow as she tried to figure out why he was still struggling with the mastery of the weapon.
 Rodregas reached down into himself, to that place that held his magic.
 Though Rodregas had never had much power, he had always enjoyed using his “itch” (as he had always called it) to do small things.

o do small things led Rodregas to lose92m his0m magic quite a bit, but he still began to
-
In Jammin’ Jim’s Neighborhood
 Bob Williams enjoys creating nicknames.
 An alias he gave himself is Jammin’Jim.
 How it fits, I haven’t a clue.
 He calls my little girl Zoë Dot Dot.
 By the time I reach Portland, I’m thinking more about my Zoë than about Brother Lawrence.
 Bob and his smart, pretty wife Barbara have a swell house and garden.
 They moved to Portland long ago when Bob found work there teaching industrial arts.
 On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
 Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.

the time of the year Brother Lawrence returns from his regular duties to visit, grab a trip92m,0m a
-
Isolated and independently pursued policies, which appeared highly beneficial at the time enacted, often result in unexpected and unwanted consequences that negate the benefits of the original measures.
 The refusal of high-income nations to meet the demands of developing countries for protection of commodity prices is an example.
 During the 1980s, the debt crisis forced many developing countries to increase exports of basic commodities – often at great cost to the environment – in an effort to make loan repayments.
 This resulted in a self-defeating downward commodity price spiral.
 The increased exports of these commodities pushed world prices lower, thereby forcing debtor nations to export ever larger quantities to earn the same amount of foreign exchange to repay debts.
 Defaults on these loans have resulted in huge losses by the world’s major banks and write-offs of billions of dollars by donor governments.
 One consequence has been to increase the attractiveness of drugs cultivation as an alternative source of income for farmers in developing countries.
 At the height of the drug wars, the then President of Colombia, Virgilio Barco, argued that farmers in his country would readily give up cocaine production if the international price of coffee could be stabilized at its former price level.
 His call unheeded, the United States has been forced to spend billions of dollars fighting drugs crimes and expanding prisons due to the rapid increase of drugs consumption in America.
 By a strange circuitous mechanism, the savings to consumers in developed nations by the refusal of their governments to negotiate international commodity agreements favour able to developing countries has cost these governments and their economies tens of billions of dollars in the form of loan write-offs and crime fighting.

 in Colombia has caused countries under this type of pressure dire side effects, for it predict92ms0m that the international
-
That was a fail, I scolded myself.
 A FAIL!
 “Nice try,” Seth whispered and I think he really meant it.
 Or maybe he was teasing me.
 It’s hard to tell in these situations.
 Seth brandished his sword.
 “My turn.” “Really, warrior?” Kojas said and laughed.
 His laugh was like a bunch of spiders running down my back.
 “You think your sword will do any more than the pathetic archer girl’s arrow?” “Hey,” I shouted, “I’m not a pathetic archer girl!” Oh course, the two ignored me.
 I swear the air sizzled with the tension between Kojas and Seth.

hem, they shook their hands in acceptance. I should probably92m have0m not mentioned any magic, I already practiced
-
I’m not sure she’s knows how good she is.
 How good she can be.
 CM: 	The tall one, the figure.
 BG:  	Yeah, that’s the newest.
 With all the floating objects around it?
 CM:  	Yeah.
 BG:  	That’s new.
 You know, Lor studied with this old artist in New York, this Brazilian named Oyvind Fahlstrőm.
 Really, that was his name.
 I think he’s still alive.

est figure, the straight figure, the lighthouse. BG: Run in, run out92m,0m
-
She could almost excuse herself for kissing Rick in Hollywood, say that he’d been part of the dream.
 But this morning .
 .
 .
 this morning she hadn’t even thought about walking in the garden, she’d kissed Rick as casually as if she did it every morning, and she'd worn nothing but his pajama top to breakfast without giving it a thought.
 She'd acted as if .
 .
 .
 as if they were married.
 Her blush deepened, and she scrubbed her skin frantically.

r air. opened her eyes92m.0m A giggle rasped in her throat, and she gasped. She swath
-
“Qurrah!” Harruq shrieked, racing to his brother.
 Qurrah shoved away his clumsy attempts to examine the wound.
 “Kill him for me,” the necromancer gasped.
 “Go!
 He cannot live!”
 “But you’re bleeding real bad and…”
 “I have the healing potions, now go!”
 Harruq’s gut screamed against the idea, but in the end, he listened to his brother.
 He drew his swords and gave chase.
 Qurrah waited until Harruq was around the corner before taking out one of his small glass vials.

he Herb Mandolin vial, he cast an invisible spell to92m 0menrap the wound and expose the
-
That was the last thing I wanted to do right now, but I kept my mouth shut anyways.
 It was almost like I could see the gray matter starting to heat up as the mayor tried to figure out exactly what I knew and how much I just suspected.
 "Act of God indeed.
 Fancy that.
 Well, surprising as it may be, Fredrick doesn't know everything there is to know about the world."
 He was turning to leave, and most of me was screaming to just thank him and wave goodbye, but there had been something in his eyes that had me convinced he'd been lying.
 "Thank you, sir.
 I guess I need to learn more about civic government.
 I can't wait to go into whatever records are public and learn about all of the ways the mayor works with the banks.
 I'll bet there are plenty of other people who'd be interested too.

would be as easy a spot a book on governmental affairs.92m I0m just wanted to know more information about
-
She'd known how it would impact me, but hadn't cared.
 I finally gave up on trying to immerse myself in nineteenth-century France, and cried myself to sleep.
 ** It was all I could do to drag myself out of bed Monday morning.
 A part of me knew this was all stupid, but I couldn't shake the depression.
 I was just aware enough to register Brandon's concerned glances as he drove me into school.
 Mrs. Sorenson shot me a nasty look as I stumbled into class.
 "Well isn't it nice of you to come to class today.
 And here we all thought you were doing so well you didn't need to bother with the test."
 I took the proffered test and made my unsteady way back to my desk.
 The class passed in a blur as I made a half-hearted attempt to focus on the questions and remember all kinds of facts about photosynthesis that I'd known just a few days before.

ive it a try."92m<eop>0m "You stole my name."<eop> 1
-
It lasted about a year.
 She was there when we recorded some of our first songs, I remember that.
 She loved, uh, “Hayley Mill’s Underpants.”  For some reason, she thought that was her song.
 Maybe because Carol was a young woman who loved lingerie.
 And, as a young man, who appreciated a young woman who loved lingerie, well, we had some fiery times.
 Hot as monkeys.
 She had these little white things…I don’t know where she got ‘em.
 Let’s move onto a higher plane.
 I guess you want to hear about the recording of Turntable Poison.
 CM:  	Yes.

un” countable amount of “low” input92m and0m changing the lyrics. Of course, the
-
But I rarely saw her with people.
 Now and then I would find her on the porch with a neighbor, gossiping about a different neighbor, but the only ones who got inside her dark little house were Eric and his friends, and Richard.
 He was a jazz pianist about ten years younger than Sylvia, and half a head shorter than either Eric or she.
 Just as Sylvia’s bluster made people wrongly suppose she was a drunk, Richard’s stupefied expression made me suspect he was a junkie.
 Sylvia had a piano, the only treasure in a living room full of hand-me-down furniture.
 When Richard wasn’t plunking on it, weaving garrulous runs around the melodies of old standards, he gawked at TV horror movies.
 Eric, Sylvia, and I discussed religion and books.
 She attended no church but disdained atheists.
 Lord of the Flies she called propaganda by which teachers could argue the superiority of adults.
 Catcher in the Rye she applauded because Holden Caulfield appreciated jazz and was nearly as cynical as herself.

ed 92m(0mread, wrote about herself) a Grow up girl as much as all RPG games were adults
-
In order to prepare a cadre of managers for private sector industry and institutions, specialized institutes of management should be set up in each country.
 8.Launch a massive programme to impart new skills and attitudes to the population: In countries where private enterprise was extinguished for decades, entrepreneurial, financial and marketing skills can be extremely limited.
 An analysis should be undertaken of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to a market system, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
 Experience in former colonial nations where entrepreneur ship was also stifled for a long period indicates that a profound change in attitude is necessary before people will risk leaving or forego seeking salaried and pensioned jobs in favour of self-employment, even when the salaried jobs are scarce or unavailable.
 Such a basic change of attitude, which normally requires a change of generation, can be accelerated by a massive programme of public information, education and demonstration spanning several years.
 9.Study the benefits of economic recovery on world trade: Recessionary trends are affecting many parts of the world today.
 The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.
 The progress of developing countries is impeded by slow growth in the industrialized nations and the collapse of Eastern Europe.
 What would be the impact on the world economy of a rapid recovery and economic expansion in the countries of the region?
 What would be the result elsewhere of further decline in Eastern Europe?

ew capitalism.<eop>92m 100m. First, to develop economies in the United States and Europe: This is
-
BG:  	Oh, they’re better than good.
 They’re remarkable.
 I keep telling her to use the contacts she’s made in the art community, but she thinks she’ll be trading on my name.
 Different worlds, really, but that’s Lorelei.
 I’m not sure she’s knows how good she is.
 How good she can be.
 CM: 	The tall one, the figure.
 BG:  	Yeah, that’s the newest.
 With all the floating objects around it?
 CM:  	Yeah.

-------------
-
The walls were of thick cut stone and it was built on an impressive scale for a farmhouse, though worn-looking.
 Of course, there were no signs of a roof, doors or windows.
 As they entered the yard, the feeling of the hair standing up on their bodies settled down and instead a feeling of fullness replaced it.
 The horses had been acting up and Rodregas hoped that with the energy smoothing out, the horses would stop fighting their lines.
 Though in truth the horses seemed to be getting more agitated.
 As the magic smoothed out Rodregas smiled and said, “The ley line would be as much of a problem as a help unless, of course, the farmhouse is made of Nymph stone.” Rodregas expected the sound of pleased surprise but instead heard alarmed in-drawn breaths from them both; he saw that they were looking to the right, where he suddenly noticed movement.
 Two female Dire Cats stepped out of the orchard and made their way to the farmhouse.
 They had a relaxed, bored look.
 He thought that they gave him a casual nod, but he could not actually see any movement.
 Rodregas simply knew that these were the two Dire Cats that he had freed from the Dungeon.

led, picked up the ley lines and made his way92m toward0m the jail that was next door<cls>
-
Art – I’m completely sober Jim.
 Jim – You just told me that my best friend of many years is in love with me, and I didn’t even know it.
 Art – That sums it up fairly well.
 Jim – You have an odd sense of humor.
 Art – Yes I do have a quirky sense of humor.
 On this I’m quite serious my boy, I’ve seen the way she looks at you.
 Jim – And where did you gain the experience to gauge a woman’s affections from a look?
 Art – Your mother used to look at me the same way.
 Jim – Oh wonderful, mother looked at you the same way.
 Was that before or after she informed you that you ruined her life and were damned to spending an eternity in hell?

t about your mother’s92m 0m"different eyes"? Art – No, she’
-
"I think he'll propose soon.
 Don't you?"
 Mrs. Tranton managed to maintain a pensive expression for a few seconds but then smiled at her daughter.
 "Yes.
 And I think a September wedding would be perfect."
 They discussed bridesmaids and flowers and gardens.
 Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
 Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
 Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
 "Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.

tairs, playing catch on video with the animated invaders (what in92m the0m world? $4 a day?
-
Tears trickled down his face.
 He felt the anger growing inside him, but he forced it down.
 In his mind’s eye, he saw Velixar.
 The old prophet warned of death, retribution, and pain, but Harruq silenced him.
 Let the gift be gone.
 He denied the darkness within him.
 If this was betrayal, then so be it.
 He would pay the cost.
 Great spasms racked his body.
 All the power Velixar had granted him fled.

gth could quell the urge within him to take control of92m this0m pit of his. Fire destroyed him, he
-
“Are you high right now, Brandon?” “Nah.” He looked at his Converse.
 “When was the last time you took Oxy?” No response.
 Brandon shuffled his feet and stretched his spine, scratched the corner of his eye, but as is consistent with his behavior, continued to lie and deny.
 I am shaking my arms and getting down in Brandon’s face.
 I am shouting at his face.
 I am screaming at the shell of my firstborn.
 “Are you high?
 Are you high right now?” Spittle lands on his face; he blinks but does not flinch.
 “Bryce, go search your brother’s room.
 Now!” Brandon stood up to leave, but Harry stood up from his dining room chair and went towards him and so did Lisa.

he clock ticked late at night in the room92m and0m it was very dark and very,
-
“What do you see, Elfreda?” I knew what they wanted to hear—butterfly and flower species.
 But I was so resentful toward Fannie for putting me there, I usually saw a black blob of death consuming her.
 “A Monarch,” I’d say.
 She looked beyond me at the few inches of open floor, and I took the opportunity to bolt past her down the hall, straight out the door at full speed.
 I ran from the house, ignoring the paths; other elves would be no help to me.
 I kept running until I was certain she wasn’t coming, and then I collapsed at the edge of a meadow, breathless.
 I dropped my face into my hands, and might have wept if I’d not been so fueled by fear and adrenaline.
 “Freya?” a soft voice asked.
 I looked up, startled.
 Chevelle stood just in front of me.

inted, wondering why she seemed so angry,92m so0m-powered by hunger and cravings.
-
“I’m thinking that’s a great idea,” Harruq said.
 The two stepped around the bodies of the slain as they headed east, leaving Velixar alone in the emptiness of Cornrows.
 “Incredible,” Velixar said when they were gone.
 “Never would I have guessed they had such power.” He paused, listening to the words of his master.
 The man in black smiled.
 “If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.
 “He will surpass me.
 Surpass us all.
 Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”
 Karak’s answer was swift.

 confidence in who92m is0m/is present?.and led the two to Sil....<eop><eod>
-
The third time that he retreated after taking a blow, the guard went for the kill.
 The guard extended his whole body out in a lunge, thrusting his long sword out to its full length.
 The guard saw Rodregas’ braided leather armor and steel sword and thrust with the point.
 The lunge was perfect, the guard went for dead center, and even though Rodregas had been waiting for a similar move, the thrust almost caught him off guard.
 The guard had only one problem, one that he could not have anticipated.
 Rodregas had been taking easy swings, not revealing his true speed.
 Once the guard committed, Rodregas brought both of his swords down and met the lunging blade.
 Rodregas could not meet his sword edge to edge, but it was thrusting out and he caught it and pushed it down and to the left.
 At the same time he moved his body to the side and in close.
 Rodregas then dropped his right sword as he kept his left engaged, pushing the blue steel sword away.

d to his advantage and the defender replied with a cold yank of92m his0m left arm or something very brutal.
-
Rubbing my arms did nothing to ward off the feeling that entire colonies of insects were skittering across my skin.
 Mr. Rindell's appearance forestalled what I'd been sure would turn into a full-blown fight.
 He sized up the situation with the canny eye of an educator who'd seen more fights over his career than most gang leaders.
 "Class is about to start, and if every one of you isn't where you're supposed to be before the bell rings, you'll have detention for the next month."
 Vincent's hiss was still almost inaudible.
 "This isn't over."
 I felt my knees almost collapse as the two packs slowly backed away from each other, and Jasmin joined me inside the classroom.
 Mrs. Campbell gave the two of us a considering look after reading Jasmin's note, but sent us off to a pair of empty seats at the back of the classroom without comment.
 We were starting a new unit, but I couldn't concentrate on the lecture.
 Alec's unshakable calm over the last few days had mostly convinced me the other members of his pack had been overreacting.

ke he was92m 100%0m calm about everything, working his way through the bad and the hurt fury fighting inside of
-
"Here's your form, among other things."
 I verified that the top sheet had her signature on it, and then turned to go.
 She didn't let me get very far.
 "From your bewildered expression during class it appears you aren't transferring in from another school.
 I expect most of your other teachers are just letting you pick up from where they are now.
 I'm afraid this class builds on itself, so I'll be testing you on everything we've covered in the past month.
 I'm sure you've got a full class load, but we haven't gotten into anything truly difficult yet.
 The sooner we get you caught up, the better off you'll be.
 Shall we say a month from today?"
 The prospect of trying to catch up, all the while needing to master new material and deal with a full schedule of other classes, was too much.

en count" was even worse.92m 0m"Newsdrop," I said with relief.
-
However, he was young and clearly lacked battle experience.
 He seemed unsure of what to do.
 Then it was too late; the blue flames of the circle rose high, then inward, and engulfed him.
 The young man started to split in two.
 The physical man stood there, but as he watched, another ethereal version, the man’s spirit, his very non-corporal essence, was suddenly pulled from his body, and then whipped around and out of the burning circle.
 Rodregas was not sure, but as this ethereal version of the man was pulled apart, Rodregas thought he could see him screaming.
 Rodregas pulled his eyes away from the horrifying vision as the corporal man went from looking confused and unsure to having no expression at all, like an empty piece of meat.
 Rodregas’s eyes flinched away from the terrible sight as he felt he might scream in horror and fury at what was happening.
 Then Ravenhurr yelled out, “Spirea faira podia turiana,” and the circle holding the Celestial Lion started to burn in the same blue flames, the blue flames that make up the creation forces of life that can only be called up when the Celestial Realm was close.
 Suddenly the sleeping lion looked up in surprise and started to growl and then he started to burn.

 him off his back92m as0m it blew through the lake gravel and under the grass roots. He could feel
-
The reform programme involved the dismantling of most of the administrative mechanisms by which an economy can be monitored and controlled by government.
 In place of free market conditions, organized crime and corruption became rampant.
 In seeking to reject thoroughly the authoritarian form of government that suppressed the rights of the people, many of these countries allowed the power and authority of their central governments to de cline to the point where they could no longer enforce conditions needed for operation of either a command economy or a free market system.
 The power of government in the West may be veiled by the fact that its laws are usually obeyed without the need for exercise of force, but the threat of enforcement is as real for tax evaders in North America as it was for free marketers under the communist regime in USSR.
 Regardless of the system, strong government is a prerequisite for a strong economy.
 The experience of the past few years has clearly demonstrated that the state must play a very active role in order to bring about a smooth and rapid transition and this role cannot be limited purely to regulation of the market.
 Intervention will also be necessary in the form of central planning and industrial policy, at least during the transition period.
 The radical restructuring of entire industries – defence, agriculture, aluminium, steel – is too complex and massive an undertaking to be made the responsibility of market forces and individual firms.
 7.Agriculture has to be given a special status: For reasons discussed in the previous chapter, the state has an especially important role in the regulation of agriculture.
 After the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe, the rise of free market and free trade polemics generated considerable confusion regarding the necessity and legitimacy of state regulation and intervention in protecting and preserving agriculture, which is the beneficiary of innumerable subsidies and supports in virtually every industrialized nation.

eauty of the field of pest control,92m we0m will look at the city planning of the developed nations
-
Mrs. Campbell's class served as another safe haven.
 There were still plenty of looks, but nobody dared gossip, and Britney was safely seated on the other side of the room.
 I took a little bit of sick satisfaction over the fact that everyone else was frantic about our test tomorrow.
 I actually couldn't have been happier.
 This was the first section where I'd been in a position to sit for the exam with everyone else.
 Our lecture essentially consisted of an extended review, which I quickly realized I didn't need.
 I broke out my book and started in on one of my catch-up assignments instead.
 At the rate I was going I'd be able to take my makeup exam way ahead of schedule.
 It was a pretty lame thing to be excited about, but just having something going well for a change helped compensate for the rest of my life.
 Amazingly enough, the satisfaction from having accomplished so much shielded me for most of the rest of the day.

 of the school was still called Lemonhead Elementary92m.0m I wasn't sure how they got them called
-
“Get back,” he ordered.
 “Get back or we’ll all-” He didn’t get to finish his sentence because his sword came loose and we all we’re sucked into the black void of the creature.
 *** I hit the ground so hard my breath was knocked out.
 I laid there, sucking in painful breaths and staring at the sky.
 There was something different about it, even though it was gloomy.
 There was more than gloom and sadness in the air this time, it was something cold, like death.
 I shivered because the ground was so cold and hard that it chilled me to the bone.
 Seth’s head blocked out my vision.
 “Hey, you alright?” I sat up and Seth helped me up.
 I rubbed my sore back and looked around, taking in the dead looking trees and shadows.

his mean that gray was so horrible when92m it0m was still gray and not a shadow? It was
-
Now the forest was maniac free.
 I killed the others and looked up to find the thrashers dead too, probably courtesy of Seth.
 A few dwarfs were also lying dead in front of Emily.
 I walked back to my body and closed my eyes.
 When I reopened them, I stood, stretching my legs.
 The four of us headed back to the restaurant together, adrenaline still pumping through my veins.
 I told Emily and the boys about the freaky dwarves.
 “Crazy right?” I asked, running a hand through my hair.
 No one said anything and Emily produced a pencil out of her bag.
 “I need a piece of paper, Jazell.” I ripped one out of my notebook and handed it to her.

ything. Maried toasty,92m I0m kissed Emily and the boys goodbye.<eop><eod> They were written anonymous
-
You can come.
 I don't like it.
 Don't like knowing you're guaranteed not to survive my passing, but it's your choice."
 I was too busy being amazed by how quickly he'd stopped shaking, how rapidly his eyes had gone back to normal to really wonder whether or not it was all just an elaborate ruse designed to lull me into a false sense of security so he could trap me here.
 "Not that I'm complaining, mind you, but why the sudden change?"
 Alec gave me a lopsided smile of his own.
 "My death is nearly certain, but there's always a chance I'll somehow survive.
 As unlikely as that is, I don't want to survive and then find I've poisoned you against me.
 I won't stop you."
 I felt things I hadn't realized were knotted up relax inside me.

nty92m.0m Easly. I felt it instinctively, but it didn't actually come as bad as
-
Jimmy was one tough fellow.
 According to rumor, while fighting in the Golden Glove tournament, he had knocked another light-heavyweight into a coma.
 An equally tough surfer, Butch Van Artsdalen, rode shotgun.
 I strode to their car, jammed my head through rolled-down shotgun side window and stared at Kris.
 “You babysitting these guys?” “It didn’t work out,” she said.
 Butch grabbed the door handle, but Jimmy told him to be cool, and he motioned me around to his side of the car.
 After I staggered there, I lashed him with a string of curses for two-timing my cousin and stealing my girl.
 And I gave notice that if Kris didn’t get out and come with me, I was going to pluck them both out of the car and so on.
 Jimmy sat rubbing his temples.
 Then he rolled up the window, started the car, and droved away.

er at Kris. Looking at the coach-board,92m she0m was upset. “Fuck them, whoever they
-
The two she had cut were on the ground, unable to stand after such precise hits.
 As she reached them, she stabbed one of their legs to halt her momentum, yanked her sword free, and then rolled around to stab the other in the throat.
 Another roll back, and she delivered the first soldier the same fate.
 The elves they saved wasted no time recovering.
 They both pressed forward, unafraid of fighting on the ice.
 Their light armor made balancing an easy task while their human counterparts were doing all they could to swing and stand at the same time.
 Two men fell to each of their blades, bringing the total down to four.
 As Felewen lay upon the ice, a soldier stabbed down at her.
 She spun on her rear, her sword out in an arc.
 After knocking him off his feet, Felewen snapped her legs high above her, spinning her body off the ground.

ck and landed on the ice again. Her sword was pulled free, but in92m a0m leg-to
-
Alec slowly crossed the distance between us, and took my shoulders in his hands.
 "Please don't try and take the blame for this.
 We've been on a collision course with Brandon's pack for years."
 His touch was intoxicating.
 I could feel warm tingles start from my shoulders and work their way down my arms.
 A full two seconds of silence passed before I realized he'd asked me why I'd come downstairs.
 "I can't sleep.
 I've been trying, but I'm too wound up to do anything but just lie there.
 I thought I'd come downstairs and talk to you instead.
 I mean, unless it's bothering you.

and come up. I feel like that when you bring92m up0m the things I need."<eop> I
-
Though great dangers have receded, old and new threats still loom large, demanding courageous action.
 The door remains ajar.
 The hour is still in progress.
 There is still time and that time is now.
 The world today has far greater opportunities that ever before, far greater degrees of freedom within which to act to accelerate progress and eradicate suffering.
 The Millennium Development Goals adopted at the UN Millennium Summit in 2000 represent the essential minimum needs for building a stable, secure, free and prosperous global community.
 We confront once again an unprecedented opportunity and an unfinished agenda.
 Disappointed by our failure to achieve all that seemed possible or disillusioned by the emergence of new, more dreadful challenges, some may feel prompted to curb mind’s contemplation of the greater potentials, dispense with lofty plans and resign themselves to the slower, circuitous pace of progress that characterized earlier periods.
 That choice would be unfortunate.
 For everything in our experience of the past two decades points to the fact that humankind is now capable of more rapid and radical action to build a better common present and future for all.

f life is an abbreviated version of what it is not to go along with a complaint92m that0m it
-
I glared at him.
 “Time to resume your training.” They had me work with Anvil, trying to anticipate when he was preparing to send a small current of electricity toward me.
 Which meant I spent the day getting shocked.
 I was grateful when we finally stopped to make camp.
 I was afraid they would resume training after dinner, so I found a place off by myself and pretended to rest as I went back to reading the diary.
 Today was exhilarating.
 For the first time in I don’t know how long, I was out of the castle.
 Free from practice, free from duties, free from walls.
 Though tricky to set up, the spell worked on Rune.
 I showed up at practice early and whispered the words in case something went wrong and he heard.

n and more, Run92me0m answered the sign for the spell at the appropriate spot to mark that he was
-
I held my breath and tried my best to try and figure out what he was listening for, but encased as I was by the blue helmet he'd insisted on, I would've been lucky to notice if a herd of elephants had been hot on our trail.
 Several seconds passed, and then Alec smiled at me again and backed the bike into the building, which was every bit as decrepit-looking on the inside as it'd been on the outside.
 "Are we here?"
 "Disappointed?"
 I felt my skin heat up again, but managed to stick my tongue out.
 "No, we're not quite there yet, but before we continue on, I need your promise not to discuss this with anyone.
 Not even the rest of the pack."
 I was taken aback with his sudden intensity, and part of me wanted to bristle at the implication I couldn't be trusted with a secret.
 His expression softened a little as he reached into the small bag mounted on the fuel tank, and handed me a bottle of water.
 I hadn't even realized I was thirsty until that second.

k against a rock, and he was out of sight of Alec92m.0m I started to lung forward, but
-
I can't let you expose yourself to the kinds of things Vincent or Brandon would...it's out of the question."
 Mom had always gone on and on about how nurturing I was.
 When she was less happy with me, she tended to focus more on just how stubborn I could be.
 It wasn't always obvious what would set off a bout of 'stiff neck' as she referred to it, but the only people who'd ever successfully talked me into a 'reasonable, rational' response had been Dad and Cindi.
 I could feel that same core of iron making its presence known right now.
 I wasn't going to be deprived of however much time I had left with him.
 I wasn't going to be losing this argument.
 "Alec, I need to be there with you tonight.
 If you leave me here, I'll head out on my own and look for you."
 The shake was definitely there, and getting more pronounced.

 to leave92m the0m house with him. I'm going to take out the dog to complete this.
-
I was all wired up and the officer flattened his hand out and tapped on my truck’s windowsill to illustrate how low they wanted me.
 “You get here in the crossfire.” He bent me down behind my drivers’ side door.
 “You stay here.
 No moving around.” He told me that in the case of a weapon, they would come in from both sides of the truck with their guns drawn.
 The shooting officers would be on the driver’s side firing over my head.
 (How comforting).
 What had I gotten myself into?
 I didn’t want brains splattered all over my truck, especially if they were mine!
 I was then shown pictures so I could verify Ashley and recognize Steve.
 It was her, and his head was practically shaved bald.

 Ashley92m on0m Cody. I was shown pictures of Steve and Cody. Cody was on the other side of
-
Then Jason and Seth dissolved from the shadows and entered the clearing.
 “What are you two doing here?” I yelled across to them, annoyed that they hadn’t made their presence known earlier.
 Seth fought his way over to me, “Why do you need to know?” “Because you just randomly appeared and I would like to know what you’re doing in Emily’s backyard in the middle of the night.” I pointed out and took down the last dwarf.
 We gathered around the barely burning embers, after we had re-entered our own world.
 Emily and I quickly summed up what we had learned from the dwarfs.
 Jason listened and didn’t speak, like usual, and for once Seth didn’t interrupt.
 When we were finished nobody said a word as they soaked up everything that had happened.
 It seemed like it was just too much for all of us to take in.
 All of a sudden Seth spoke up.
 “Why are you wearing sun-tanning penguin pajamas, Emily?” Emily glared at him, “What do you have against penguins?

 cute little penguins? How times have you ever thought about au penguin pajamas92m?0m Where
-
I took a step back, and reached for the door, hoping to beat a quick retreat before I could humiliate myself further, but he stopped me with a surprisingly gentle hand.
 "I'm sorry; that didn't come out as intended.
 If it would help you sleep, of course I'll come upstairs and sit with you.
 It's the least I can do after allowing you to be dragged into this mess."
 Alec followed me upstairs, and then slid down the wall to sit on the floor as I sat down on my bed.
 As soon as I was comfortable he reached up and flipped off the light.
 "Hey, I can't see you now."
 His laugh was like silk.
 It reached out, and smoothed away the last of the embarrassment.
 "The deal was I would come up here so you could sleep.

n we could leave the door open. That worked out well92m.0m The other night we decided to sleep
-
What do you want to know?
 CM: 	This relationship with—um---
 BG:  	We’re gonna call her Debbie.
 CM:  	Debbie.
 What was it like, physically for you, and how did that relate to the creative outburst in your music?
 BG:  	Well, I think they’re the same thing, right?
 I mean, coming into humanity, opening the door that we all have to open, and then making something of your feelings, your flow, well, that’s what was going on with me at 14.
 And Debbie, well, she was just so young and lovely.
 The first time she took my cock out was in her backyard, leaning against her house, her mother moving around in the kitchen right over our heads—this is what you did back then.
 Were parents oblivious?

al proof of our addiction. So was the flavor consistent?<eop> BG: Yes92m.0m
-
He kept remembering the mother with her young babe clutched to her breast as she fled from him.
 When he had rammed her, she had tucked the child to guard it from the fall.
 Right before the kill, she had held him, trying to protect him.
 “Why?” he asked.
 A part of him worried he might wake his brother, but he was too drained to care.
 “Why did she do that?
 She could have run faster without the child!”
 No, he knew that answer.
 She would not abandon her child just as he would not abandon Qurrah.
 Then what was bothering him so?

art suit for the day? He did not know what he92m was0m supposed to wear? What could he
-
We’ll give you a few pointers.” I didn’t know if I liked the idea of the group sparring, whether it gave me a break from the torture or not, but Grey stepped forward and my opinion no longer mattered.
 “Just watch and learn.” I backed away and sat cross-legged on the ground.
 Ruby joined me; I could tell she was excited.
 It seemed everything excited Ruby.
 Everything that makes me nervous, I amended in my head.
 Steed and Grey stood opposite each other in the center of the clearing we circled.
 A cursory nod at one another signaled the onset of the bout and both tensed and crouched slightly into a ready stance.
 I found myself leaning forward as we waited.
 Chevelle moved to stand beside me, he too intent.
 Grey wagged his eyebrows at Steed, taunting him to make the first move.

rs and Ruby stood behind me. She stepped aside and sped off. I watched92m nervously0m as Chev<sep> and
-
"What's wrong?
 It's just the two of us now, you don't have to worry about James, and I won't tell anyone else.
 I swear."
 Rachel's promise somehow seemed like it belonged from another time.
 The sincerity pulled me further out of my safe, numb shelter.
 Something in me wanted to confide in her, was willing to risk the pain of facing reality, but I was too far gone to be able to put what I was feeling into words.
 I shook my head again, not sure if it was a refusal or something else entirely.
 Rachel took it as the former and sat down next to me, pulling her knees up tight against her chest.
 A few seconds later I heard the howl of an after-market exhaust fed by a turbo-charged engine.
 The green Honda that came screaming through the parking lot was hardly recognizable as an Accord.

believe92m this0m was what Rachel wanted. I didn't understand the logic behind the real driving of
-
“Why do you use your hands, if you just think it, I mean?” He laughed.
 “That’s simply a quirk, I guess.
 Habit.
 Like when you’re playing flip ball and you want your piece to go in so bad you lean hard to ‘help’ it.” I remembered the game from when I’d first come to the village.
 The children would be bound from magic and have to throw an odd-shaped piece into the corresponding hole on a game board across from them.
 They would lean forward after they threw, sometimes bouncing and chanting, “Come on, come on,” twisting like somehow wishing would make the ball respond.
 The game had held no interest for me.
 I didn’t have to be bound to not have magic.
 It wasn’t a novelty, it was everyday life.
 “We should stop for breakfast,” Chevelle said.

ere was like trying to get out of a deal with92m your0m family before you get ready to bed. I
-
Art – Terrifia…Oh yes, criticize I shall, but as before stated, I know not art.
 My world is full of playing with electricity while trying not to get electrocuted.
 But for you, I’ll do my best and try to be helpful.
 Liz – Thank you Art.
 I’m going to find my mother now and see how the show is going through her eyes.
 And too get something to drink.
 Not necessarily in that order.
 See you later Jim.
 (Walking away)
 Jim – I’ll catch up to you later Liz.

o be the last time I see you92m until0m maybe 6 months or so. the last time you saw me
-
You’re already a member of the family as is, the adopting process is just a formality.
 Eugene – I can’t explain it.
 I just don’t want to be related to Jerry anymore.
 I want him out of my life for good.
 This is the best way I can think of.
 Art – You’ll always be related to Jerry, he’s your father.
 When was the last time you saw him anyways.
 Eugene – Don’t call him that damn it.
 As far as I’m concerned he isn’t my father.
 I hate that man.

 only seeing him if you live up to the standards set92m by0m the family. Jerry is the
-
Jason slid down the wall across from us with his eyes closed.
 “I never want to walk again,” he mumbled.
 “Never.” “You're going to have to, dude.
 We have a lot of walking left to do,” Seth said wearily.
 Jason groaned and circled up against the wall.
 Emily pulled her hood off and examined herself.
 She mumbled something and squeezed her sleeves.
 “I feel so heavy and gross.” Jason's eyes popped open.
 “Why are you complaining?
 You're freaking dryer than all of us and you got some awesome power, too.

92m of0m power that I can't beat. You are hot and moist as hell. This is freak
-
Jim – About what?
 Johnny – About Gene and his asshole father.
 Jim – Almost as long as I’ve known Gene, it helped me deal with mom better.
 I could always say ‘well at least I don’t have his problems.’
 Johnny – Who else knew?
 Jim – Dad and mom both knew.
 Johnny – Mom knew?
 Jim – Yeah, I think that’s why she was so much easier on him.
 Johnny – I doubt that, the bitch was heartless.
 Jim – She was different back then.

she came slowly to her feet and went to step down92m into0m the blue alley. Little by little she
-
“I’m going to take a shower.” She couldn’t believe what she’d done.
 She could almost excuse herself for kissing Rick in Hollywood, say that he’d been part of the dream.
 But this morning .
 .
 .
 this morning she hadn’t even thought about walking in the garden, she’d kissed Rick as casually as if she did it every morning, and she'd worn nothing but his pajama top to breakfast without giving it a thought.
 She'd acted as if .
 .
 .
 as if they were married.

er - about him - made the same sense as before. She'92md0m acted as if
-
It was like the howl from my dream was echoing through my soul.
 "Did he say what it was like?
 The predator, I mean."
 Britney nodded slowly.
 "Yeah, he thought it was somehow related to a wolf, but bigger and stronger, with claws like something out of a slasher movie.
 He was causing such a stir in St. George they finally fired him.
 They said he was sensationalizing the attack to get his fifteen minutes of fame.
 Daddy tried to get access to the bodies, to provide a second opinion even though that isn't his real area of expertise, but they blocked him cold.
 He thinks they were worried about scaring away the tourists.
 They had to make the accident go away, to save the local economy."

don't92m know0m how supermarkets keep this crap going.<eop> Britney nodded her head. She was
-
It’s a well know fact that Godzilla is feared by millions of Japanese people.
 Jim – Right…and where did you hear that fact?
 Hmmmm?
 You haven’t been buying tabloids again have you?
 Eugene – I never bought tabloids.
 That would be stupid.
 I stole them, or just read them in the checkout line.
 And about Godzilla being feared, well I was talking to Rusty down the street.
 Jim – Wait, you mean the same Rusty who never leaves his parent’s basement and watches nothing but Japanese cartoons?
 The one who got thrown into the school dumpster every day at lunchtime by the girls chess team?

 who always storms out of the school to look for that board place and never comes92m back0m back to the
-
Rodregas would have loved to kill him, but Van’dret was a powerful sorcerer capable of magic that made him nearly impossible to kill.
 “Do you remember The Lion?” asked Imeralda.
 “What?” Rodregas asked.
 He sounded as confused as he felt.
 “The Celestial Lion.
 Do you remember him?
 The way he walked; the way he moved,” she said.
 “Of course,” he said.
 No one could forget seeing a Celestial animal of any kind much less a lion.
 “You know the great beasts of the Celestial Realm are not just magical animals.

ed the legendary Celestial animals like92m the0m Demonfish or the Dragonfish,” Imeralda continued.
-
He had never been given great gifts, but that did not mean that he should not give great gifts to others.
 Doi’van’s help would be priceless; he was clearly a powerful warrior.
 Imeralda was also going to walk this path with them, and he would never get what the armor and bow were worth on the black market so… Rodregas reached down first and opened the trunk and said, “Well, if you are going to be traveling with us for a while, this won’t fit either of us guys.
 So it makes most sense for you to have it.” He started handing her the Mithril chain armor.
 Her eyes grew bright at the sight of the silver chain and she went, “Oh, my god, you bastard!
 You had this in the wagon all along.
 Do I really get to have it?” Rodregas smiled and said, “As long as you are sharing the journey with us.” She took several moments to appreciate the armor and started to try it on; Rodregas waited, enjoying her appreciation of his stolen gift.
 Just as she started to calm down he said, “Oh, and didn’t you say something about wanting a bow?
 And quietly, he handed her one of the Black Yew recurves.
 She reached for it with a smile and as soon as she touched it she just stared at it.

ted the legendary, young white archer92m,0m Archor of La Plata. Bolting down from a high
-
Emily had offered to be the one who paced but Jason had waved away her offer and started pacing.
 So all Emily could do was sit there and twirl the arrow in fear because right now it wasn’t looking good for Jazell and Seth.
 “What I don’t get,” Jason said, “is how the arrow managed to stay in perfect shape when the ground collapsed.
 The arrow should be broken and not sticking out of the ground a few feet away.” “Maybe she shot it after,” Emily suggested, because that meant that she was alive.
 Jason rubbed his eyes.
 “I guess that’s a possibility.
 Jazell and Seth were always too stubborn to die anyway.” He stopped pacing.
 “But why would she shoot it up here?” “Maybe she wanted to show us that she was alive,” Emily said.
 “A sign,” Jason muttered and snapped his fingers.
 “That’s it!

 Boy, is this hard to believe92m,”0m he muttered as he gazed up at the sky. “
-
I had to protect my boys.
 In their teenage years, Brandon and Bryce were as different as perfect strangers and they were becoming young men.
 As they began to become more independent from me and from each other, they became interested in different things.
 I tried to accommodate them as individuals and stay close to them.
 I tried my damndest to embrace each son and his hobbies and desires equally.
 Bryce began to love golf, so we played golf often and eventually joined a country club so he could play as often as he liked.
 In the summer, he would spend entire days at the club, soon becoming a great golfer and playing four years on his high school team.
 He also learned what I call “accidental etiquette” which was my pet phrase for his learning great manners around adults as he golfed with them.
 A kind of “wax-on wax-off” —Karate Kid—subliminal learning, similar to how I learned to fight.
 Some of my fondest memories are of the days I got to watch him golf competitively.

 to play competitive golf again in 1972 when he joined a club92m like0m five times. However, he soon
-
"Brandon didn't put me up to anything.
 Unlike you, I can actually think for myself.
 I don't know what kind of sick hold Alec has over you, but until you do something about it, you'll never have any real friends.
 He won't ever let you have one."
 She wiped away a pair of tears before they could escape from the corner of her eyes.
 "You don't know what you're talking about, Adri.
 You really can't trust Brandon.
 He's not safe."
 "Whatever.
 Like your brother is any better."

 wipe it away, she led away toward Al-Abagh. 92m"0mI hope Brandon doesn
-
It was a lesson taught to Rodregas by a lost love, and one that had served him well over the years.
 Most women can always tell a lie, especially in such a moment of connection as the talk after good sex.
 Luckily, even with far more normal women there is always something good you can say; with Imeralda he could have gone on for hours.
 Imeralda’s eyes lit up in pleasure and humor at his words but, of course, he was careful to say nothing of the future, nothing of love.
 Such talk would serve no purpose and would likely ruin the moment.
 To his surprise she also kept such thoughts to herself.
 The rest of the night, the two lovers spent quietly connected and at peace, but they shared few words.
 In the morning after meditation, Doi’van pulled forth two wooden staves that he had cut and said with a smile and an exaggerated wink, “Apparently you are healed up from your wound now, so I think it is time to stop with these making of shadows like children and time for some more physical training.” As he finished speaking he tossed Rodregas one of the staves.
 “With my people we teach our children to fight using the staff.
 It is hard to kill someone by accident with a staff, but you can still deliver pain.

2m is0m going to be a bloody fight and you need to take enough protein at night.” The young
-
Jim – I just call them as I see them.
 Liz – Well I’m going to go check to see how Art is doing with the turkey.
 Jim – You do that, I’ll start looking for the number that pizza parlor uptown.
 (Liz exits the stage)
 Jim – (To himself out loud) Well, at least I caught it on the first bounce, I could have gotten into much trouble had I missed a chance to drop a complement.
 (Jim walks over to the couch and sits down, taking out a new addition of S-A and starts to read it, momentarily both Eugene and Johnny enter)
 Eugene – Ok, this time I’m going to crush you!
 I mean it, no holding back!
 Johnny – Right.
 Eugene – You’re going to be humiliated.

ve to break you! It’s92m so0m important to everyone. This time I am going
-
It whirled around, facing me.
 A low growl sounded in its throat and it charged.
 I ducked as it slashed my side and I winced.
 My shirt slowly turned blue from the trickling wound.
 Yes, blue, my blood is blue.
 It turned back around and threw its self at me.
 This time I was prepared.
 I pulled out my hunting knife out just as he landed on me.
 He yelped and went limp.
 I pushed him off and grabbed my fallen bow, the familiar feeling of the wood boosting my confidence.

 him. he92m was0m not for me. this was everything I was not. This- he was
-
Brandon opened his eyes as I let out a sigh of contentment.
 "Bored already?
 We're only halfway there."
 As I opened my mouth to respond, Vincent turned off the road onto a trail that hardly looked wide enough for a Geo Metro let alone his monster truck.
 I let out a yelp as we dropped down a small hill and then started climbing up the other side of the gully with a small bounce.
 Brandon chuckled at me, but shifted position enough to brace himself against the two beer kegs, and then reached out and wrapped an arm around me.
 A couple of the girls who'd been looking especially condescending over my surprise as we'd gone off-road were now obviously disappointed.
 They were probably wishing it was them instead of me cradled against Brandon's yummy chest.
 I tried not to radiate too much contentment, but rather suspected I failed.
 Vincent wasn't really driving any faster than before, but the fact that we were going up and down slopes I wouldn't have thought could be driven made his current speed reckless.

of92m the0m gully, directly across from the restaurants and the beer kegs was wearing a blue
-
“I don’t think Taiga has any interest in becoming Guild Master, or he would be Guild Master.
 I am just concerned about Master Oreintvenir.” She said.
 “I think the Guild Master can take care of himself just fine, for all we know he quietly ascended and is in the Celestial Heavens laughing at us now.” Gracella nodded, but Van’dret knew her thoughts were the same as any Immortalist at the conversation of Ascension to the Celestial Realm.
 If you succeeded people would know a new God walked the Heavens.
 If you failed the ceremony the only sign would be silence.
 “So what did he want?” she asked.
 Van’dret hesitated for a moment, not sure if he should respond.
 But, Gracella was an impressive Immortalist and a rising star in the Guild.
 She had been Oreintvenir own Adapt when she was young, and as a favored member of the Guild, her friendship could prove important some day.
 “He simply wanted me to keep an eye out when I travel to the Cathedral of the Heavens,” he responded.

ella began to finger her t92m-0mshirt pockets. “He figured that I
-
Guys like him didn't just drop out of the sky and decide they were interested in chubby little nerds like me.
 Brandon's expression hardened, and I suddenly knew there was no going back.
 Maybe it would've been worth it to let him grope me a little, but done was done.
 People were starting to gather around us, Brandon's closest friends, the ones he ate lunch with every day, were all standing behind him, while everyone else filled out the circle.
 I looked around for some kind of support from the other girls present, but couldn't find even one sympathetic face.
 The next thing I knew I was on the ground with my ears ringing and Cassie standing over me.
 "...your stupid lies.
 If you repeat them you'll be sorry.
 Every single person here will vouch for Brandon."
 A couple of people flinched a little at that, like they weren't completely comfortable lying, but Cassie stared them down.

ained that much weight, Brandon," a girl on one of our tables said. Did92m Cassie0m
-
“How did you do it?” I raised my brow, unsure what he was asking.
 “The snake,” he clarified.
 “Oh.
 I… I don’t know.” “Was it transfer magic?
 Did you simply push it there?” I didn’t know how I’d controlled it, but it wasn’t from the outside.
 Should I tell him?
 “How else?” I asked innocently.
 He nodded.
 “Some of the others, well, they seem to think you encouraged the snake to go under its own power.
 Silly, I know.” He was watching my response.

d to explain92m,0m but it was too great a challenge. “Why? Why are you telling me? Where
-
This album represents something sad about 60s rock—the road we thought led to the New Eden, instead led us back to Vegas, with a fat Elvis and a Rat Pack of self-congratulating back-slappers.
 This is James Taylor instead of St. James Infirmary.
 James Taylor, as if he’d forgotten how to play “Steamroller.” It’s lounge rock”
 BG: 	Who wrote that crap?
 Where was that?
 CM:  	In Sum Times.
 Memphis reviewer.
 BG:  	He should know better.
 CM:  	She.
 BG: 	That’s worse, somehow.

 Taylor92m.0m "As for the reigning "cool" artist, "
-
She has given me her word she will behave.” He eyed her as he spoke, a warning.
 She replied from the open door of her room, “Yes, yes.
 No naughtiness.” And then, under her breath, “On my part.” “No qualifications, Ruby.” “Just teasing.
 Now go, we have stuff to do.” My stomach knotted.
 Stuff.
 Chevelle appeared reluctant to get up.
 For a moment, I thought he might reach out to me, but he only stood and left without another word.
 It ached.
 I didn’t want him to hate me.
 Ruby whirled into the room and grabbed me around the waist from behind, spinning me up, over the back of the seat, and through her door before I could process what was happening.

itely felt like stairs92m up0m the door, with no higher class. This was rushing through me.<eop> I
-
It would…I dunno, it would let me move on, help me to move on I guess.
 Please.
 Art – We’ll see what we can do, guess we should let the rest of the family know, I wish I knew how John was going to take it, probably not well.
 Eugene – (Hugs art)Thank-you Art.
 Art – No problem Gene.
 Just a couple things I would like you to do though.
 Eugene – What do you need?
 I’ll do what I can.
 As long as I don’t have to deal with Jerry.
 Art – Nothing of the sort, these are pretty simple.

nt areas with92m the0m child, adding apps, stuff. Art – No problem Gene. help you in your
-
Yearning to avoid my thoughts altogether, I spent much of the day in the mind of my horse.
 And the day passed.
 It was evening again when we stopped.
 I barely noticed the group’s mood; though quiet, they seemed anxious and kept the perimeter close.
 Ruby brought me the book again and I took one long, deep breath before I started back.
 Freya is growing and strong.
 She has amassed a following of sorts, though I suspect it is somehow connected to her frailties.
 There is something endearing about it, but some of it worries me.
 She doesn’t seem to be able to hear as well as she should through her rounded ears and her voice is oddly alto.
 She is a beauty, though, her unusual features earning her extra attention.

g to look after Freya. And when they do they become tough92m and0m determined too, chasing her like
-
CM: 	You do “Bearcat?”
 BG:  	Just me and the National.
 Sounds pretty good.
 Lor likes it.
 LE:  	His voice.
 He really reached down for some voice on that one.
 BG: 	(singing) “Shake it to the east Shake it to the west Shake it to the one that you love the best…”
 CM:  	That’s not “Bearcat.”
 BG:  	No shit.
 LE: 	The song by Mike is “Tengo Amore.”

 0mBG: Free taken, free shared.<eop> CM:<cls>
-
Rodregas’ eyes fell on a man who sat in a beautiful carved chair, a match for the table that sat just behind the knights.
 He was tall and graceful with striking dark eyes and features.
 His long dark hair was pulled back.
 He wore not the clothing of the knights but the robes of an Immortalist Sorcerer.
 Across his chest was a sash.
 Rodregas guessed him to be the Guild’s Ambassador to the Knights.
 Rodregas’ blood froze at the sight, though he did his best to remain casual.
 He knew that the Guild had a representative at the Cathedral but had not expected him to be so closely watching the registration table.
 Rodregas fell into old habits of survival.
 He kept his eyes to himself and let himself feel the tiredness of travel on the road.

et ranks passe a cote.92m<eop>0m<eod> However, this was not the real
-
It’s stupid to include that, but, yeah, they did.
 CM: 	And one or two others.
 I should have better notes here.
 BG:  	That’s ok.
 I remember.
 I wish I didn’t but I do.
 Really, it’s in Pete’s hands, like I said.
 I’m not sure I’m even supposed to be talking about it.
 Have they ever convicted a bootlegger?
 I don’t think so.

op> BG92m:0m Yeah, my brother Pete who was unemployed for a full year? Well
-
Skippy could no more sing or write a song than fly.)
 Listen to “Blues for Wendy Ward.” Listen to “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  Listen to “A Marriage of Rue” or “Hayley Mills’ Underpants.”  It’s there.
 Under the surface like a chthonic river.
 Memphis Mojo.
 The only kind of magic that matters.
 So, why would Buddy turn his back on the band after that triumph?
 There are as many theories as theorists.
 Buddy wanted success, bigger success.
 He tasted perfection with Turntable Poison but it was local perfection.
 The album, though notorious today, an insider’s treasure trove, a collector’s grail, did not sell outside of Memphis.

92m the0m mainstream. He lived in the ghetto of Memphis but their lifestyle was segregation.<eop> I
-
The water started to chill several times, but I was hesitant to get out.
 At the risk of boiling myself, I eased the magic I’d been using to reheat the bath.
 Finally, I felt well enough to stand.
 I picked up one of the soaps and washed quickly, then pulled the water from the tub to rinse the suds away.
 I’d not had much opportunity to practice with water; I added it to the list of things to work on.
 It had been a long journey, and the bath was refreshing.
 The soap left a light fragrance in the air, smelling like morning and cold, and I wondered if the fairy dust was still affecting me.
 I dried off and dressed in the clothes Ruby had put out for me.
 They were a little snug, but not enough to have been her castoffs.
 The room had its own full-length mirror and I giggled at my reflection.

ved from both Ruby and Rusty than92m I0m realized. Inside both of them fought emotions, making decisions quietly,
-
But he didn’t know if it was a good idea to tell her that right now.
 As soon as she went to bed, he’d get the article out and reread it.
 Rick heard a sniffle.
 He looked in time to see Marie take a swipe at her eyes.
 “Please don’t cry, sweetheart,” he said, taking the knife and mushroom from her and drawing her into his arms.
 “It’s just so confusing and frightening.”  She hid her face against his chest.
 “I don’t know how I got here, I don’t know why it happened, and worst of all, I don’t know how to get back.”  Her body shook with sobs.
 Rick’s heart broke for her.
 “I’m sorry, sweetheart,” he murmured, stroking her hair.
 As her sobs began to subside, he tightened his arms around her and pressed his lips to her ear to whisper, “Maybe you came to 2011 because there’s someone here to help you and care about you.” She pulled back a little and managed a small smile for him.

 knife and mushroom and decided92m to0m get Marie back almost exactly how she was on it when she tried
-
The half-orc stared at it, thinking.
 Suddenly he knew, and he looked at Aurelia in total disbelief.
 “Is that a book?”
 The elf nodded.
 “Is it a safe assumption that you don’t know how to read?”
 Harruq frowned at the book.
 “You’re not going to teach me elvish, are you?”
 Aurelia gave him a playful jab to the side.
 “No, it is in the gods’ language, your gods anyway.
 Karak and Ashhur got something right having humans speak and write the same language.”

 what I thought back then? Sorry no leather! Long swords92m and0m leather fighting. Adoni
-
While global IT software and service outsourcing displaces some IT workers, total employment increases as the benefits ripple through the economy.
 The net additional number of jobs in the USA added as a result of outsourcing is projected to exceed 300,000 by 2008.
 They will be generated across all sectors of the economy, most especially in construction, transportation and utilities, education and health services, wholesale trade, and financial services.
 Employment is not a zero sum game.
 Computerization: The exciting growth of ICT-based service exports by no means exhausts the potential contribution of computers to growth of employment opportunities.
 Computerization is not merely a field or sector of commercial activity.
 The computer is an instrument and a catalyst that can stimulate creation of employment and self-employment opportunities in virtually every field – from farming, fishing and textile designing to lean manufacturing, financial services, bio-informatics and genetic engineering.
 While the application of computers has already been extended to all these fields, there has not yet been a systematic effort to assess the employment potential that can be tapped by fully extending and accelerating this movement.
 The recent initiative in India to establish knowledge centres in every Indian village by 2007 is one example of a pioneering effort to harness ICT as a means to catalyze a whole range of on-farm and off-farm rural activities, which will inevitably translate into more and higher productivity and greater employment generation.
 These centres can be utilized to deliver technological expertise to upgrade farm yields, vocational training and education, purchasing and marketing information to raise incomes.

rcing companies in our specialized design and architectural services and support services92m:0m Our specialised design and architectural services and support
-
"Haven't you ever put one on?"
 "No.
 Traveling by plane is really safe, sweetheart.
 Far fewer people are killed in plane crashes than in car crashes."
 She sat back when she felt the airplane pick up speed.
 She was looking out the window, so she both saw and felt the plane leave the ground.
 "We're in the air!"
 she gasped.
 "Just wait until we're above the clouds.
 They look like a bed of cotton."

 from the rising mass of92m a0m dense black cloud.<eop> She watched the plane accelerate."The
-
She'd compromise.
 She'd walk today and tomorrow, and if she got back home .
 .
 .
 well, at least she'd be back home.
 That thought filled her with an astonishing sadness.
 Sadness, not just disappointment over Hollywood—-because she'd miss Rick.
 "Afraid of what?"
 Rick stroked her cheek with his thumb.
 "Hmmm?

? Not a good idea."92m<eop>0m Carol on the little back porch watching the two-hour
-
Year 2005, which is the 60th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, presents a real opportunity for concrete steps toward eradication of nuclear stockpiles.
 Cooperative Security System: Ten years ago the Commission was adamant in its call for a fundamental shift from a competitive to a cooperative global security system.
 The present competitive system depends on the ability of each individual nation to defend its own borders and interests against external threats.
 Such a system necessarily demands massive investments by each country in military capabilities.
 These investments are inevitably perceived by other nations as real or potential threats to their own security, thus fuelling compensatory escalation of military capabilities by other states.
 Calls for disarmament alone cannot and will not eliminate the problem.
 They must be complemented by concrete measures to establish an alternative mechanism to ensure the security of nations.
 This is one of the major reasons why expectations of a massive peace dividend have not been fulfilled.
 World military spending has not declined significantly because the competitive security paradigm remains intact.
 Steps being taken by the members of the European Union to build a truly cooperative security system indicate the right direction for the world as a whole.

 the support92m of0m European institutions we can work together in peace and stability. Military policy will not take to
-
“What is it that I saw?” he asked.
 “The second time I ever killed,” Qurrah said.
 “I watched that wretched bully succumb to madness from the disease carried by an undead rat.
 He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”
 The man in black nodded, going over the memory in his mind.
 “Could be darker, though,” he said.
 “You need not use memories, but they are easier to project.
 Any thought can be sent to those who slumber.
 After you have practiced, we will try with images you created on your own.”
 The half-orc pulled his robes around him and looked back to the city.

t his heart. “I got92m a0m horrible vision yesterday night. Something was wrong with me and I<cls>
-
They will not rejoin us until they do.” I started to draw a map for them with magic and then cursed when I realized I was no longer able.
 Bound.
 Ruby had been right to drug me; I didn’t think I could have handled it otherwise.
 They were watching me, unsure what I was doing as I sat helpless and swearing.
 “I need something to draw with.” Ruby pulled a piece of charcoal and scrap of paper from her bags.
 I rushed to sketch the path I remembered from my dream, focusing on the ring of trees with the most detail.
 “They are there.” The men stood, motionless and staring until Anvil crossed the room to retrieve the map.
 He bowed a little as he took the paper from my hands and then hurried out, Grey following.
 Chevelle stayed.
 Ruby turned to him and breathed a deep sigh but he didn’t respond.

m,0m trying to stay up too anyway. Anvil stared at her for a minute before moving off and
-
And it was all based on the assumption that something besides light could travel at the speed of light.
 In one small paragraph he found that the entire article was theory upon theory: no one had ever found a black hole or a wormhole or anything that could travel faster than the speed of light.
 "You didn't miss anything," Rick told Marie, setting the article aside.
 "Scientists think that it would be possible to travel through time by going through these wormholes the author mentions, but it's all theory.
 Nobody has ever discovered a wormhole, and none of this stuff has ever been proven."
 Marie sighed.
 "This book isn't hard to follow, but I'm rather skeptical.
 The author says that thought is the way to travel through time.
 He says that if you concentrate hard enough on getting to the time you want to visit, you can do it."
 "Yeah, I found some ideas about that in the other books I read.

ck exclaimed, pounding on the door to the book shop.<eop> 92m"0mBut he also says
-
Achieving true universality of primary education by the year 2000 will require a massive investment in school buildings, teachers and instructional materials for an additional 230 million school-age children.
 An additional 4 million teachers will be required, 20 per cent more than in 1990.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, gross primary enrolment will have to double before year 2000 to achieve this goal.
 In addition to the quantitative deficiency in educational enrolment and achievements, the quality of teaching facilities, materials and staff is severely deficient in many countries.
 Most developing countries hire teachers with only a secondary school certificate and a minimum of teachers’ training.
 This contributes to the high rate of primary school drop-outs and grade repetition.
 Only 71 per cent of first-grade entrants complete primary school in developing countries.
 Addressing these challenges will require a substantial increase in financial resources devoted to education.
 In most regions, public expenditure on education has risen in recent years.
 In 1990, the world average was 13.5 per cent of total government expenditure, or 4.8 per cent of GNP.

 of the leaders of countries92m on0m the African continent cannot be matched by the low contribution they are making in putting
-
Turns out, just because I did drugs and knew people who were addicted to drugs I was still not qualified to understand how to break someone from craving the drugs that satisfy their addiction.
 Brandon seemed better and we thought we had helped him simply because we incarcerated him at home away from his peers until he had the drugs out of his system.
 In our mind, he was cured.
 Unfortunately, the problem had not been solved so easily.
 Like any good movie, this solution came too easily and too early in the drama.
 He was such a child then, easily influenced and dealing with challenges in counterproductive ways.
 He was caught being truant, being out past curfew, being with a kid who stole a wallet.
 He was involved in multiple car accidents.
 Brandon struggled and was barely making it through high school, so we changed him to a problem-child school to enable him to graduate.
 He and his younger brother Bryce were growing apart just as I had grown apart from my brother Thomas, which was torturous for me and Lisa to watch.

s92m into0m high school, Brandon was more capable than his younger brother Bryce and I were ready to be
-
His swords hacked chunks out of the staff, which held together only by Aurelia’s powerful enchantments.
 She blocked several attack routines but one finally slipped past.
 Her dodge too slow, a black blade cut across her cheek.
 She paused, rubbing her cheek as Harruq smirked.
 Blood.
 It was as she feared.
 Harruq’s weapons were enchanted.
 “Your spells won’t save you,” he shouted.
 “No elf will save you.
 No one!”

Run. Running92m,0m Pokemon, elf! Run back to Aurelia! Run back to A
-
They didn't even acknowledge the possibility unless they were after something.
 We'd been driving in more or less comfortable silence for several minutes before I decided to act before things got uncomfortable.
 "So, tell me about yourself."
 "There isn't much to tell.
 I was born here, and I'll probably die here."
 "More of the obligations you were talking about?"
 Brandon nodded, staring off in the distance for a second.
 "Yeah.
 It sounds pretentious, but a lot of people depend on my family.
 Half the businesses in the town are owned by my family, the other half are owned by Alec's mother."

ersation had proved I could tease out potential adventures rather than do92m it0m alone so I spent time talking to Brandon
-
"Wait.
 Who is it?
 Who's helping us?"
 The smirk hadn't left.
 "No, he was very clear on that point.
 You're not to know.
 That's the one thing guaranteed to make him go through with his threats.
 You'll just have to be satisfied with the fact that you'll both continue to be able to live in our fine city."
 Normally I would have just acquiesced, but I couldn't bear the thought of letting him leave, taking with him the identity of the only person besides my mom who really cared what happened to me.
 I tightened my grip in an attempt to stop him.

ad I92m had0m to say anything, any way that I could use it to "get out of
-
Something Vincent said must've been particularly vile.
 Isaac's expression shifted for just a second.
 They were circling now, both amazingly graceful considering that they were still on the stairs.
 Everyone stepped back a little further.
 I hobbled up a stair or two in an effort to avoid getting in the way.
 I'd heard of tension so thick you could cut it with a knife, but this was the first time I'd ever experienced it.
 It felt like there was electricity surging back and forth between Vincent and Isaac, making my skin feel too small.
 The tension suddenly flickered like a dying light bulb.
 "Vincent!"
 I was disoriented for a second.

 that be?! I thought.<eop> There was a moment92m of0m silence. Just a short "
-
The guard captain nodded, raised high his sword, and then turned to his army.
 “Stay calm, and do not move from where you stand!” he shouted.
 The men quieted and listened to their commander.
 “I do not know what blessing we have received, but when it ends…”
 His voice drifted off.
 Movement behind his army caught his eye.
 He shoved a few men aside, tore through the center of his army, and then emerged at the back.
 Far down the street, his robe flowing in a nonexistent wind, walked a pale man dressed in black.
 His low hood covered all but the chin of his face.
 His gait was slow and steady.

e front guard, and ran away92m with0m his wife and two sons. The guards captain was two years old
-
I have often wondered if imagining Eric or Olga as my companion, confessing my sins and other secrets to them, is not only neurotic, but possibly blasphemous.
 All I can give for an answer is: when Pam was in seminary, one evening she lamented, “Every time I come up with a good idea about some Biblical thing, a professor says ‘Oh yes, that was the so and so fallacy, which was ruled heretical by this or that council in .
 .
 .” Whereas Don Merritt thinks I’m crazy, I prefer the word loco, which in my vocabulary means something less judgmental.
 More like wacky.
 Still, if don't write and share these loco thoughts of mine, not as many people will get to know about Eric, and Olga.
 No doubt Don will read my vision of Eric’s death as sacrifice and consider it a symptom of a narcissistic belief that the world revolves around me.
 The problem I find with such an explanation is, it wouldn’t answer a single question about why Eric knew all he did.
 So I’ll risk having friends like Don intervene to get me committed.
 Because, even if I only saw a long shot chance that Eric died to rescue me, from death, from perdition, from a wasted life, or from a danger I can’t imagine, consider what a cold-blooded wretch I would have to be if I failed to give him his due.

igation92m to0m my skeptical peers or to the psychiatrist who thinks it will help me become even more paranoid, can
-
Yeah, there.
 Tommy and Lennon and I, I don’t remember, someone had some sugar cubes.
 It might have been Donovan.
 Was he there?
 I can’t remember.
 (laughs)  Yeah, I did drugs.
 Ok, I wrote “Burn my Bridges” on speed, which is an angry drug, and it’s such an angry song.
 I don’t know, it’s not one of my favorites now, even though it’s newish.
 I wrote it one night—I think Lor and I had had a fight,  a rare fight, and she had gone to a girlfriend’s house and I just thought, fuck it, I’m gonna do speed and stay up all night.
 I didn’t plan on writing.

ote it off. Not a single word.92m 0m(Laughs) Oh,
-
There was no mistaking our destination when we spotted it.
 It looked like the recreation yard in the film One Flew Over the Coo Coo’s Nest, as people milled about, stopping and turning to look at us as we entered the parking lot.
 The facility itself might have been a roadside migrant worker motel.
 People were roaming around the grounds doing everything from raking leaves to just hanging in groups, but each one stopped what they were doing to examine us as we drove in.
 We could immediately tell that visitors to this desolate location were rare.
 Brandon approached the vehicle with enthusiasm and the brightest broadest smile we have ever seen on his face.
 We instantly noticed his weight gain and he proudly announced through our open car window that he was nearing 170 pounds, and he looked healthy for the first time in so many years.
 His complexion was clear and his eyes were the bright blue they once were and the whites of his eyes were shinny and clear.
 Brandon could hardly wait for us to open the car door and he embraced each of us as if he hadn’t seen us in years.
 I know I hadn’t seen him like this in years.

ged between Brandon and I and Brandon said his goodbye to92m the0m driver. I hugged him tightly for a second
-
"I don't understand how any of this ties together."
 He looked up at me for the first time, and the tortured look in his eyes made me hold onto his hand as tightly as I was able.
 "It's all the same thing.
 Our touch, my touch, it's like a drug.
 It's addictive, subtly, so subtly most humans never even realize what is happening to them.
 I've seen what it's done to my mother.
 How can I say I love you if I turn around and do the same thing to you?"
 For a second I couldn't even think.
 He'd just used the 'L-word', and my heart felt like it was tearing itself apart inside my chest.
 In the subtle shadings we girls used to measure commitment, it wasn't as good as if he'd come right out and said, 'I love you Adriana Paige', but it was still pretty good, and it was a complete first for me.

u, Adriana Paige, and92m I0m just want to say that I don't ever leave without
-
And so exciting--dancing and parties and movie stars--we could have dinner with Pickford and Fairbanks and watch them film their pictures .
 .
 .
 I imagine there are always lights and music in the streets .
 .
 ."
 "You have quite an imagination."
 "Could we go there sometime?
 You and I?"
 He smiled down at her.

 He thought it would be so exciting then if we did go the first time92m.0m We were both
-
“I need more,” Rodregas croaked as he finished the bowl.
 The Nymph, an older man who unlike any Nymph Rodregas was familiar with, had his hair pulled back in a pony tail, nodded but said, “Slowly, too much right away is not good for you.” Rodregas nodded and cleared his throat; which was dry and felt like it had pebbles in it.
 While the bed was normal enough, the walls of the room were strange and seemed to be made of woven branches and some sort of hide or dark canvas pulled between tree branches to form an oval shape.
 “Doi’van and Imeralda, do they live?” he got the words out, though it hurt his throat to speak.
 “Oh, yes, Imeralda is fine,” the Nymph healer responded.
 “She was not hurt at all.
 Doi’van was injured pretty badly, but not as badly as you are.
 You both should be dead from your wounds several times over.
 I thought at first you both had a sigil of healing, that would be the only way for you two to be alive, but Imeralda says that you are both ‘of the blood.’ You are a lucky man, even with your blood, to be alive.” “May I speak to them?” Rodregas asked as he looked around the room or tent.
 He was amazed that somehow they had found a safe place to recover from the battle.

n?<eop> “Her family has died, and92m I0m am in serious pain. I don’t know
-
I held the stone up to the light.
 Aside from the depth of color, it didn’t seem extraordinary.
 I also examined the medallion, but didn’t recognize the emblems.
 Dropping them back into the pouch, I opened the scroll, reading the first line of the tiny script, “Fellon Strago Dreg.” Electricity shot through my hands and I dropped the scroll.
 My hands felt like they had been scorched.
 The unmistakable stench of charred flesh turned my stomach and I twisted my palms inward to inspect the damage.
 There were curving lines and symbols covering the skin.
 Burned into them.
 I gasped.
 I’d been around fire magic for as long as I could remember.

it? I thought, lowering my palm away from the scroll92m.0m I looked at the medallion before pulling
-
“Ah, yes,” Ruby purred as she looked me over.
 “Lovely.” Her inflection left no doubt the word was not a compliment, only that she found it lovely she’d discovered me here.
 I could see Chevelle through the open door behind her, still in the main room and evidently annoyed.
 “I, of course, am Ruby,” she said.
 “I’m pleased you’ll be staying with me during your visit.” Staying with her?
 This was her house?
 I was sure I was wearing the same irritated look as Chevelle now.
 I was also certain, by the way she watched me, that Ruby had seen me spying.
 Her mouth was twisted in a smile, loaded with false honey.
 I noticed her eyes then, looking past the heavy paint they wore, to dark green jewels… emeralds.

t as Ruby, you would be delighted to know92m our0m family is together. A stately family loved by
-
A cold wind blew through Jimi, yet he was the sweetest cat.
 Sad death, man.
 He died for all of us.
 You know?
 So we could go on.
 LE: 	He showed us the way through death.
 BG:  	That’s right man.
 Jimi and Janis, they did it early so we could keep playing.
 Why I left the electric stuff behind partly.
 CM:  	Really.

PEPING A BINK. GT: I don’t think
-
My throat was so dry it took me two attempts to clear it.
 "Could Alec have won?"
 The question stuck in my throat, reluctant to come out.
 It felt disloyal to Alec but I had to know.
 "I don't know.
 Individually Alec could take any of them.
 There's a reason he's dominant to all of the rest of them.
 James is a hybrid too.
 He isn't even second in the pack because Isaac is a better fighter than him, but he makes for a strong third.
 Jasmin is essentially fourth, although sometimes she gets away with bossing James and even Isaac around.

fighting with both Isaac and James to put him92m and0m Jasmin together. Isaac should be a strong third
-
“Close the distance,” Qurrah said before beginning a spell.
 Harruq charged, bellowing a mindless war cry.
 The archer fired two more arrows and then bolted around the corner.
 “He’s seen us!” Harruq shouted, easily veering about the arrows as he increased speed.
 “Wait, brother, it might be a trap!”
 Qurrah doubled over hacking, his reward for trying to shout so loud.
 Harruq halted, his head jerking back and forth as he debated what to do.
 Qurrah glanced up, tried to speak, and then swore as the elf leaned around the corner and fired another arrow.
 He did his best to dodge, but he was far less mobile than his brother.
 The arrow pierced between his left shoulder and collarbone, burying the barbed tip deep in his flesh.

t my wounds,92m I0m will die this way, I say to you. The archer prepared to struggle
-
I was afraid that it would see me.
 Then I got a glimpse of what it had killed and I had to hold back my tears.
 The poor body of the dwarf who had brought us here was lying in a contorted heap, limbs twisted in all directions.
 The scene was awful and I had to prevent myself from throwing up.
 Then I knew why they beat and killed him.
 All the other dwarves were on Kojas.
 This dwarf must have betrayed Kojas to bring information to whoever “her majesty” was and to help us into Igneeria.
 I suddenly knew that this dwarf was much braver than we had given him credit for.
 I suddenly felt awful because I knew who the thing was.
 Kojas.

na. We start. Go92m the0m Magias. Go the Anglais. Go to Mina
-
He sighed.
 “You’re right.
 I do know.”
 Silence followed.
 The two continued staring, each wishing to speak their mind but unable to summon the courage.
 “You are a wise man,” Dieredon said, breaking the moment.
 “You know who is in the right in this conflict, as do I.”
 “Yes, we both do,” Antonil agreed.
 He glanced to the elf, his face asking the question he could not voice.
 “No, I will not fight at their side,” Dieredon answered.

,0m I will not fight at their side.” Antonil understood what Dieredon was asking
-
My response popped out before I could think about it.
 "Only you could see such beauty and think only of keeping it to yourself.
 Trust me, even with surroundings like this I'd much rather be elsewhere if you're part of the bargain."
 The thought of being elsewhere brought our newest crisis to mind, and I realized that it was very likely I wouldn't have to worry about Britney, Alec, or Brandon for very much longer.
 "At least you won't have to suffer my presence for much longer; we'll be gone all too quickly."
 The fact I was saying these things to Alec when I knew this all had to be a dream was ludicrous, but it wasn't as ludicrous as the way he flinched at my words.
 "No, you're right, all too soon you'll go the way of so many others.
 If I can depend on nothing else, I can rely on that."
 A little eddy of wind found its way into our grotto, and for the first time my newly-acute sense of smell registered Alec's presence.
 His scent was divine, full of subtle themes I wasn't experienced enough to pick out, all of which screamed of warm power and rock-like masculinity.

 moving closer to the bed, I sensed92m that0m it all felt like a dream.<eop>
-
It was a curious response but I had begun to think he wasn’t that different, aside from the obvious lack of magic, skill, and grace.
 Moreover, where many of the others lacked beauty, he did not.
 Unconventional, yes, but nonetheless… interesting.
 I led him to a set of stones to sit, wanting to get answers to all the questions that had been burning in my mind since I had spotted them.
 He had forgotten his prey, so I offered to help him with it.
 This befuddled him, so I simply skinned and spitted the animal while he sat, staring in amazement.
 It was like he’d never seen fire before.
 It made the magic fun again.
 Like when we were kids, before Father’s ridiculous schedule.
 I shook off the memory of practice and focused on the human.

s. how natural it felt for us - the Ghost man I92m also0m knew, as well as the
-
CM: 	Here she is now.
 Good morning.
 Lorelei Enos:	 	Good morning.
 Did you make coffee?
 BG:  	It’s on the sideboard.
 CM:  	Join us?
 LE:  	Be right there.
 CM: 	Should I compliment her work?
 BG: 	Take a shot.
 It’s your ass.

icient single music player. --92m T0mAKE A MO HERE -- put it on
-
Watcher.
 None of it had been real.
 He was a watcher, he’d volunteered to watch me, to keep me in line.
 So I’d teach myself, take the risk and learn the magic without guidance.
 What did I have to lose?
 The plan was formed: I’d practice until I was strong enough to return to the village.
 There was nothing holding me back.
 Nothing to do but this one thing.
 I spotted a small toad as it leapt across the clearing in a desperate attempt to escape the inferno.
 I concentrated on it, willing it to change.

 and escape.92m<eop>0m I knew what to steal: some shoes, a coffee mug and fridge,
-
He taught Eric to walk on his hands.
 He was good at making Eric laugh.
 I remembered him telling us that the toughest guys in our school were no match for wimps in his hometown.
 As if to prove that claim, at an annual signing party, while I was in the front yard trading insults with a couple of crashers, Tony came flying out of nowhere and knocked one of them into a flower bed, with a single punch.
 In Chicago, crime was a given.
 I arrived around midnight and walked from the downtown bus station to a nearby coffee shop upstairs from a basement nightclub.
 A policeman came and sat at the counter beside me, then a man from the nightclub showed and handed the policeman a fistful of money.
 The next day, after Tony’s parents stepped out for the evening, he showed me the shotgun his dad kept loaded in a closet.
 I found work a few blocks from Tony’s house, operating a punch press machine in a factory that made freeze plugs for Detroit.
 I called Bob in Omaha, and we made plans.

 job on his own, after his dad92m one0m night was checking himself off Mickey Mouse to invite friends
-
By the time I was near surfacing I no longer remembered just how much I'd wanted to stay.
 Britney was pacing back and forth when I opened my eyes.
 She had her cell phone out and was looking like she wanted to dial 911, but was worried about the possible fallout.
 I was on the ground, which for some reason made me more irritable than it should have.
 Didn't she realize how hard it was to make it over to someone before collapsing like that?
 It kind of defeated the whole point if they then put you on the ground where your clothes would take their normal, instantaneous-collapse beating.
 "Oh my gosh, are you okay?
 I wasn't sure what to do."
 "I'm okay, I just need a minute."
 Since I was already on the ground, I really did just want to lie there for a moment, scorpions, dirt and all, but Britney didn't seem to understand that concept.

me time" in order to be able to believe92m that0m I was doing something worthy of her.
-
China preferred to postpone political reforms until the economic transition was much further advanced.
 As an immediate result, China has the highest economic and employment growth rates among the nations of the world, while Russia has experienced three successive years of steeply declining national income.
 These differences are of vital importance, but they centre around the issue of the best strategy for the transition in human terms, not on the ultimate importance of democracy to continuous economic development.
 The opening up to foreign trade and investment, the spread of higher education which is essential to achieve global competitiveness and the rising living standards which the market system will generate – all serve to undermine the legitimacy and staying power of the single-party system.
 China has released a social movement that is rapidly shifting power from the Party to market-responsive institutions and special interest groups, which include wealthy entrepreneurs, provincial officials, workers and peasants.
 Final assessment of China’s strategy will be determined by the further response of the political system to rising social expectations and growing pressure for greater individual freedom.
 Restructuring the UN
 The movement towards democracy is not merely a question of idealism.
 In some countries, particularly in Africa, it is an essential step towards over coming the desperate economic conditions that threaten the lives of millions of people.
 In many others, it can vastly accelerate the development process by releasing greater social initiative.

me time92m,0m it can potentially come at a significant cost in ensuring the environment and inequality, which are
-
Only that wasn't quite the term for it.
 The power, the energy that'd become more than oppressive, was sucked towards Alec and Brandon, dragging with it my strength, and the unnatural vitality of the rest of the pack.
 I felt a lance of pain sink into my back, mirroring the jolt in my ankle, as all five shape shifters collapsed around me.
 I knew with a certainty I was going to die, that we were all going to die, but that didn't matter.
 It was only right that my existence cease within heartbeats of Alec's.
 Chapter 31 As the normal grogginess of sleep wore off, I realized just how thirsty I was.
 I reached for a drink, hissing a little as my stitches pulled against the still-healing skin, but the glass of orange juice remained steadfastly just beyond my fingertips.
 Alec appeared immediately, paint-speckled and undeniably alive, from where he'd been working in his studio.
 "I really wish you'd just call for me when you need something.
 All of this moving around isn't going to help your back heal any more quickly."

close when he faced Alec.92m 0m"My back is just not healing, it is going to need
-
And worse.” Better because the dust was clearing.
 Worse because I was fuzzy again, bound.
 He nodded.
 He was closer now, sitting opposite me, and I had the disconcerting feeling that I’d lost the bit of time when he’d moved there.
 He reached out and took my hand in his, his fingers gentle as he turned it palm up to place a pebble there.
 “Can you do anything with this?” “No.” Frustration was clear in my voice.
 I had already tried.
 “And no fire?” “No.” “So nothing works?” The implication was there, but I didn’t know what it meant right away.
 And then it occurred to me.
 The horse.

oss and dust revealed92m a0m small shrine. I and a few others passed by it. It
-
Gathering her closer, he kissed her gently.
 Marie's pulse raced as Rick's lips moved over hers.
 This .
 .
 .
 this was nothing like Davis's kisses.
 Rick's kiss was making her tremble.
 She returned it briefly and then pulled away, hiding her face against his shoulder in confusion.
 How could she like Rick's kiss more than Davis'?
 How could his kiss make her feel so hot and weak?

s hands and then he kissed her hard and deep.92m She0m looked down and saw Rick smiling as he responded
-
“You will know.” She motioned for us to move up to the doors.
 I walked slowly and leaned forward to see the symbol.
 Amazingly, I walked right up to the one with an arrow on it.
 I looked to the left and saw a door with a sword on it.
 I sighed and pushed open my door.
 The small room also had glass ceilings but they were dimmer.
 The room was dark and cold, with dust in the air.
 “I was wondering when you would get here,” a familiar voice said.
 I jumped and looked into one of the corners.
 The girl from my dreams walked out, shimmering.

d saw a glowing jewel in her dress. “I saw it92m in0m the street. It was a copper
-
God I feel good.
 Fantastic weather we’re having!
 So how was your day?
 Character 2- That was a tic-tac box wasn’t it.
 What are you trying to pull?
 The weather is terrible, and my day was ok.  You’re supposed to take your medicine.
 Character 1- Ummmmm….Errrrrr…Yes well, that is to say…Ahhhh.
 That was a tic-tac box, yes, but I was only eating them as a symbol of my medicine.
 You know, don’t want to overdose or something and all that.
 Character 2- (grabs his ear and drags him towards the exit) That’s it, we’re going to see the doctor again!

hhh....Okay, the doctor was just going to say...92m.0mPlease don
-
“Oh well, I never was one to follow the rules.” “Who are you?” She shook her head.
 “I can't tell you yet.
 That's one rule I'm not going to break.” I opened my mouth but she shook her head.
 “Don't ask what my name is or why I'm talking to you, because I can't answer either of those questions.” “What can you tell me then?” “I can tell you that I'm not an enemy,” she said.
 “I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.” She huffed, “Coward.” “How do you know?” She smiled sadly.
 “Let's just say I know what I'm talking about.
 Be careful and keep your friends close.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
 You are strongest when you are together, so don’t let yourselves be separated.” “Wouldn't it be called 'an breakable bond', then?” I asked her.

ind up your friends when you are with them,92m but0m don't let yourself be separated when you
-
Art – What a family tradition he started.
 Jim – Did grandma go insane too?
 Art – I don’t think so, but she died when I was six.
 Jim – Not a good way to start a tradition.
 Art – Nope, it could be worse though.
 Jim – Yes it could, it could have karaoke as an integral part of the ceremony.
 Art – Dad has more taste then that, not by much, but enough.
 What do you plan to do about Liz?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 I mean, she’s my best friend, and she’s in love with me.

92m,0m these past few weeks, the calls and the texts from my mom, what an amazing life her
-
She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
 Rick was glad that the trip home was long enough to give him a chance to cool down.
 If they'd been alone at home instead of leaning against his car in his sister's driveway, he would have had a hard time stopping.
 So when they got home and Marie put her arms around his neck, obviously ready to pick up where they'd left off, he held her away.
 "We need to talk about this."
 She kissed his chin.
 "About what?"
 "Kissing.
 Touching.
 Let's sit down."

iy. "When?" "Where?" 92m"0mHow?"<sep><cls>
-
I mean, though, that I wanted to know, I wanted to understand.
 I wanted the information that Walter Cronkite or Eric Sevareid had, the insider stuff, so that I wasn’t just up there entertaining the fuel for the fire, you know, like the orchestras that played as the Jews were led into the ovens.
 I started to feel like that, that I was a chimp, a dancing fool.
 This was like before The Moratorium, right?
 Before we really all felt the power.
 The War was just this endless one-note playing over and over and driving us insane—me insane, sorry, driving me insane.
 And, like, I know that a song is just a song—yet, I have to believe there is something there, an element, a catalytically charged element.
 I didn’t want religion—who listens to priests, clergymen, even those who take to the streets?
 Ali has more power.
 Ali reaches more people.

n the name of Ali! Ali has more power! And92m that0m is why I get this feeling,
-
You are nothing but pretenders.”
 Harruq clanged his swords together, showering the ground with sparks.
 His armor shimmered as his anger grew.
 “Pretenders with wonderful toys,” the elf continued, eyeing Harruq’s blades.
 “Toys I will take from your dead bodies.”
 He leapt down the stairs in a single bound.
 His feet hardly touched before he was vaulting over a red silk couch to land before the fireplace.
 He drew an ornate sword that hung over the fireplace, letting the scabbard fall to the floor.
 The blade gleamed in the firelight, impossibly sharp and deadly.
 “I have killed a hundred like you,” Ahrqur said.

92mq0m took his sword the violent Harruq started firing the sparks at the ceiling. “
-
She fell asleep and dreamed that she, her parents, her brother, and Rick were at Cape Cod.
 When she awoke a couple of hours later, she felt feverish.
 Frowning, she felt her forehead.
 No .
 .
 .
 When a breeze stirred the curtains, she realized that it was just the heat of a late July afternoon.
 She'd become accustomed to air conditioning.
 She needed to go bathe and put on some shorts and-- No, she didn't have shorts in 1927, she reminded herself.
 Well, she'd have to put on her thinnest cotton dress.

 been hard. . to sleep at all, she thought92m.0m Had she woken
-
I saw Jason hide behind his tree again.
 One dwarf got too close to Emily and she raised her arms, dousing him in flames.
 He screeched and fell to the ground, withering and then went still.
 Seth ran from the trees, brandishing his sword.
 He swung it around and clashed with one of the faery's swords.
 The faery brought the other around and Seth twisted to avoid it.
 He grabbed the blade and flung it out of the man's arms.
 He roared angrily and threw his sword down on Seth, who raised his up to block it.
 Seth pushed back, but I could see him shaking.
 Right when I thought he was winning, my mouth dropped open.

 the barb on the knight's sword and pressed it into Seth.92m I0m watched him hold on
-
"You don't even need to ask.
 I'll follow your lead, and try to look brave."
 He threw the door open and stalked into the house.
 Rachel grabbed my hand and pulled me along behind her.
 A group of familiar faces was waiting for us in the largest living room I'd ever seen.
 It took me several seconds to match identities to the rain-soaked group staring at me with such hostility.
 Jasmin was standing in the center, and didn't even wait for me to get fully in the room before she started talking.
 "She goes back to Brandon tonight.
 It's a long shot, but it's better than nothing.
 She brought it on herself so there isn't any reason to cry over what might happen."

et out here.<eop><eod> Fast forward to that day92m on0m Aspen Hill in 1975. We'
-
I hated this part.
 4… Power surged through me as I was freed from my human self.
 Shivers ran down my spine.
 3… I felt cold, like being dipped in ice water.
 The breeze picked up even harder.
 2… I was hollow and could probably see my own body if I opened my eyes.
 But I could never get the courage to do that.
 1… The wind died.
 My body felt normal except it was different.
 I opened my eyes and looked over to where I just had been or still was.

he did nothing with92m her0m eyes.<eop><eod> Chapter 1: It was my First Game of The Magic Magic. I
-
This law has been sold to voters by showing cancer patients and other sick people who need this drug to ease symptoms, but the teenagers of the state have exploited this, now that it is law.
 When I went from the “doctor” to the dispensary, I didn’t see any of the sad beneficiaries they always show on television; the handicapped and sickly were nowhere to be seen.
 It actually resembled a fraternity party except for the glass cases displaying an array of pot labeled with colorful names, potency and detailed descriptions, which read like something on the back of a wine label: The “Orange Crush” had “hints of berry with a smooth finish.” That is about as far as I got into the room before my presence stuck out like a parent at a kegger party.
 I was by far the oldest guy in the room.
 I was approached and asked for my license, which, of course I showed.
 I was given the grand tour and a detailed break down of how each different bud worked better for different symptoms.
 This one is for sleeplessness, this one for appetite stimulation, this one for back pain, and this one—believe it or not— is for asthma.
 It was absurd.
 I know there are people out there who claim they need this drug, but those people were not my son or half of the high school, nor did anyone at this dispensary seem to be suffering from anything but red squinty eyes.
 But, we thought, at least our son is only smoking legal pot.

uld an adult smoke illegal marijuana when a toddler--and toddlers92m-0m-pound on a
-
She nodded toward the t-shirt on the pillow.
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her for a moment.
 "I'm sorry, darling."
 She kissed Marie's forehead and left.
 Marie curled up next to Rick's t-shirt still clutching his handkerchief.
 She felt so empty.
 She didn't sleep well that night but woke up early nevertheless.
 After bathing, she put on her emerald underwear and a simple white dress and went out into the garden.
 It didn't look so different from Rick's, she decided.
 They didn't have any white roses like he did, nor an electric fountain, but they had red roses and azaleas, just as he did.

d she wished she knew what92m was0m coming.<eop> Marie tried to calm herself. The earthquake in Kobe devastated
-
It took less than half a second for him to figure out who I was talking about.
 "They don't hate you.
 A few of them are scared almost senseless, but nobody hates you."
 "They were willing to kill me.
 They wanted to trade me back to Brandon."
 It came out as something less than a whisper, but apparently Alec's hearing was acute enough to catch that too.
 Alec drew me close, heedless of the open door and the twenty staring kids.
 He placed the side of his face against mine and whispered into my ear.
 "I'm not going to let anything happen to you.
 If there's a way to keep you safe I'll find it."

 he was talking about. He was pep-talk92m-0mtype, but the way he spoke was quiet
-
“I think the Ni’Barrbari, the daemon known as the Night Panther, would add a bit of subtly to your Celestial Lion.
 While hunters, they are also healers and not as vicious as most of the others.
 It might also cause less confusion if you are able to gain both Infernal and Celestial great sigils to have ones that share some similarities.” Rodregas nodded and walked toward where Doi’van had pointed, having to circle around what appeared to be a bear with the front feet of a stork and the over large head of an owl.
 Rodregas felt his skin crawl and he almost left the chamber, but then the cat shape behind the daemon became clear.
 The Daemonic shape seemed to be missing the odd combinations of the others.
 It looked like the large Panthers he had heard of that were found in the southern jungles.
 It had no mane like the lions he knew and its fur was black.
 In fact it was the darkest black he had ever seen.
 This was why, at first, he had not seen the shape in the dark.
 It seemed to soak in and blend in with the night.

od. Not92m be0m a Chat, as the other mon had been. One of the new
-
I nodded my assent as I mentally filed away both his name and the girl's.
 Surprisingly enough, Albert was a good teacher, pointing out the steps I'd been skipping over, and even explaining why they were important.
 It was rare enough to find a school teacher who could really teach math these days, finding a student who could teach was nearly a miracle.
 Rachel packed up her things while I was being instructed in the finer points of inequalities.
 As she slid the last book into her backpack, Albert stepped away from my desk with another smile.
 I flipped over to the next chapter and started in on functions as Rachel exited out a corner door I hadn't noticed before.
 I saw a flash of the stunted, brown vegetation that the locals called grass before the door swung back closed.
 Suppressing an urge to just surrender and go outside until Britney finished up, I got started.
 The roar of some kind of high-performance engine a few seconds later almost changed my mind, but my native stubbornness kicked in before I let the thought get out of hand.
 The subject matter was harder than graphing, but I persevered, and managed to make it through all fifteen problems without resorting to the red side of the card.

 long92m-0mrange picture of something in the color of the card. We went to the school building
-
And there was the real rub.
 Alec was well on his way to being fully healed, while I still had fits of dizziness every time I tried to stand.
 I even had to have Jasmin or Dom help me to the bathroom.
 There was no good way to know how long I'd lain there with a branch stuck through my back, but it'd been long enough for even a relatively small wound to result in near fatal blood loss.
 I'd been nearly unconscious from the pain, so I didn't remember any of what had happened next, but Alec had reluctantly filled in most of the details.
 Apparently the stress of the fight had finally awakened his potential, and his power was a real humdinger.
 The metaphysical hurricane that'd knocked me to the ground had actually been Alec pulling power from all of the shape shifters and humans in the area.
 The experience had been nearly as overwhelming for Alec as it had been for the rest of us.
 He'd recovered just in time to find Brandon grimly pulling himself along on all fours.
 Luckily Alec had recovered more quickly, and once Brandon was deprived of the strength and speed his power had bestowed upon him, Alec had been more than a match for him, even wounded and exhausted.

change him from nothing and ruin it all," said Jasmin and Dom92m.0m<eop><eod> So
-
Unemployment is also a major cause of massive migrations, both to urban areas within countries and across borders, which has become a highly destabilizing factor in many regions.
 Without sufficient purchasing power for food and other material essentials and non-essentials, there can be no assurances of lasting social peace and political stability.
 The linkage between peace, political stability and economic development will be even stronger in the future than in the past, due to the democratic and social revolutions that are in the course of encompassing the globe.
 The greater access to information and freedom of expression which characterize democratic societies and the rising expectations of people at lower economic levels combine to generate a powerful pressure on society to provide economic opportunities as well as social freedoms to every citizen.
 If the greater freedom and higher expectations are unable to find means for their positive fulfilment, they can lead to rising frustration, tension and violence, which threaten the prosperity of those at higher levels and the stability of the society as a whole.
 Democracies can only thrive and the revolution of rising expectations can only fulfil itself peacefully, when economic opportunities are provided to every human being.
 The recent rise of the political right, ethnic unrest and opposition to immigration in Western Europe, and the surge of crime in the United States, are sufficient evidence of the corrosive impact that unemployment can have, even on mature democracies.
 Increasingly, those excluded from the benefits of modern society reject its standards of justice and ignore its laws.
 The end of the ideological confrontation between capitalism and communism leaves the market system exposed at its weakest point – its impersonality and insensitivity to human needs and suffering – with no longer any lesser alternative to point at in self-justification.
 Having rejected the inadequacies and abuses of authoritarian socialism as a solution, we are compelled to find other methods to achieve social equity.

work when people are able to move beyond borders92m of0m marginalization, become a true citizen of the entire
-
But I knew how serious it was.
 I was a fugitive.
 And now it appeared even Grand Council was looking for me.
 I had no idea what my punishment would be.
 This wasn’t the village.
 This would be far worse than anything High Council would have planned.
 “What will they do if I can’t protect myself?” His face was grim.
 He didn’t reply and I suddenly didn’t want him to.
 We settled onto the floor of the small den, our backs against the wall, the rock overhang blocking the light of the moon.
 “That is my flame,” Chevelle said, “try to extinguish it.” And my training began.

 meet name, Lalan Tell would not meet name with his role92m,0m Little Potter would not meet
-
She held a box of pizza.
 “You two can eat upstairs or down here.” She already knew our answer and handed us paper plates.
 I took three slices of pizza and ran upstairs.
 Emily and I sat on the floor, eating pizza and doodling nonsense in her notebook.
 The time ticked by to one o’clock in the morning.
 We sat side by side on her bed near the window, and I played with the fridge on the edge of one of her pillows.
 I looked down at Emily’s pajamas, which were covered in sun-tanning penguins.
 Typical Emily.
 “Nice PJs Emily.” I chuckled.
 She stuck her tongue out, “What do you have against sun-tanning penguins?” “Nothing!” I smiled to myself.

“It was outside at all!”! “I don’92mt0m have any harm to the way
-
Her curls brushed my face on their way past, taking my head on a dizzying spin.
 “Just having a little fun, Vattier,” she said.
 It sounded too far away.
 Or as if I were in a tunnel.
 Chevelle was reprimanding her, and then at once they were gone.
 My head swirled and I felt off balance.
 I started to stumble, but a strong hand caught my arm.
 “Easy there, honeysuckle.” Steed’s voice beside me drew me from the stupor.
 “What happened?” I asked, confused.
 My mouth tingled.

ssing. Car Se Driving. What had they92m been0m doing here? What were they doing to me?
-
My head was reeling from the spin as she smiled at me, waving her hands and bringing a plethora of bottles and canisters flying toward us to drop on the bed.
 I thought with disappointment that I hadn’t responded to her attack as Chevelle had taught me and laughed at the image in my head.
 Ruby gave me a genuine smile as she began twisting the lid on a small metal canister.
 “No mother to teach us the tricks of the trade,” she sighed as she leaned in.
 I jerked away from her, wanting to be angry about the comment.
 But Ruby had just told me her own story, no less tragic.
 She mistook my reaction.
 “Oh, don’t be silly.
 I wouldn’t play the same design twice.” I relaxed, but only a little.
 “Besides, I will let you in on a little secret… the fairy’s breath isn’t really breath.

at with the money’s breath, Frank,” she teased, killing me.92m<eop>0m “
-
Jim – And let me guess, a good kisser.
 Eugene – We never actually got to the kissing point of the relationship.
 Johnny – I didn’t want to know that!
 Jim – And that’s why it’s so damned funny.
 Besides, you’ll need some knowledge about such things if you ever manage to talk some girl into spending time with you.
 Johnny – Well, so what if I haven’t been out with a woman yet…
 Jim – You scare them Johnny.
 In fact you make most people uncomfortable.
 It’s all the anger.
 If you keep going on the way that you have, you’ll end up dieing alone.

y, whoever it is! Jim 92m–0m Dave, I want to fuck your wife, lala
-
Meet Chet, a battered old '64 Chevy pickup that was there on the night Charles' life imploded.
 For nearly three decades, he has been locked away in an old barn, safely out of sight if not completely out of mind.
 For 29 years Charles has blamed the old pickup for the destruction of his life, now he's about to find that the vehicle that destroyed his life might be the key to his healing and a journey of unexpected miracles.
 Table of Contents Chapter 1 Chapter 2 Chapter 3 Chapter 4 Chapter 5 Chapter 6 Chapter 7 Chapter 8 Chapter 9 Chapter 10 Chapter 11 Chapter 12 Chapter 13 Chapter 14 Chapter 15 Chapter 16 Chapter 17 Chapter 18 Chapter 19 Chapter 20 Chapter 21 Chapter 22 Chapter 23 Chapter 24 Chapter 25 Chapter 26 Chapter 27 Chapter 28 Chapter 29 Chapter 30 Chapter 31 Excerpt from Torn Excerpt from Splintered Chet
 
 ﻿
 The Half-ling
 Book One in the Fall of Igneeria Series
 Kaylee Soderburg
 Copyright © 2013 Kaylee Soderburg All rights reserved.

ck. are safe92m inside0m a big box of doll, that they each have two million legs and a
-
fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
 The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.
 "I like this one best."
 Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
 He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.
 "Listen, Marie, there are a couple of other things I want you to get."

fference. He was going back to Winchester92m.0m He didn't have a place where he didn'
-
Even as I leaned in a little bit myself, my thundering heart seemed to be trying to leap out of my throat solely for the purpose of disrupting what looked very much like it was going to be my first kiss.
 Every tiny hair on my body stood up in a shiver of nervousness as he tilted his head to the side, and then he broke off, shaking himself slightly as he gave me a smile.
 For a second I thought he was rejecting me, that he'd decided not to kiss me because he wasn't interested.
 Only the way he reached out for my hand indicated that he really wasn't repulsed by me.
 It bothered me the entire time I was in History, and then just before I got to Physics it hit me.
 He hadn't stopped because he didn't want to kiss me.
 He stopped because with all of my blushing and near-terror it'd been obvious I wasn't ready to be kissed.
 It was the ultimate act of chivalry.
 I more or less floated through my last two classes.
 It wasn't until I finally got to tutoring that I started to put more stock in the idea that Rachel had simply chosen not to go to Les Misérables.

Les Miser92mable0ms at the Chicago premiere in the first place and had seen it a couple of times
-
I've never even had the slightest desire to do something like that."
 The lies were starting to add up, but Alec had acted like it was important not to be grounded right now.
 That and I really didn't want to get into the kind of trouble the truth would bring.
 "That's a good point, but you can't blame me for being worried, sweetie.
 I mean with this new boyfriend of yours.
 You know I don't trust boys who drive sports cars.
 Especially not the really cute ones who have a way of making every female in sight go all gooey on the inside."
 She slid the window shut with a sigh, rather than screaming in shock, so Alec wasn't lying on the ground with a pair of broken legs.
 Apparently Brandon's charms were enough to make Mom forget herself while he was around, but not so great as to keep her from worrying when he wasn't.
 I shrugged uncomfortably.

int, cool. You know me. I don't trust boys who drive92m sports0m cars. But
-
"Such a thing isn't possible.
 This newspaper .
 .
 .
 false newspapers can be printed."
 "Come inside and see the things in my house."
 She shrank back, fearful again.
 "No."
 "It's the only way you'll believe me.
 Do you know what a television is?

0m watch television?" She glanced at herself, relieved to have come off the flight,<sep> the
-
This was on my twelve-string.
 And I said, hell, I’m putting that in there, that’s beautiful, man.
 That’s just so right.
 CM:  	Would you say Hendrix influenced you then?
 BG: 	No.
 CM:  	You didn’t—
 BG:  	Influenced me?
 No.
 He didn’t influence me.
 I loved the cat, man.

 BG:92m I0m love the cat, man. And Hendrix influenced me, but go
-
How dare you?” Then he said a single word and from his mouth poured a huge wind, Doi’van flayed around trying to hold on to Van’dret, but he lost his grip and hit the ceiling hard.
 Rodregas crunched the fingers he was holding and heard them snap, even as he was being pushed away.
 With the snapping of the fingers the wind stopped.
 Rodregas then dropped the hand, grabbed Van’dret’s head and twisted.
 He remembered that day in Raven Tower when he had snapped Korin’s neck and his arms bunched up, his muscles rippling with the strain.
 Van’dret was an Immortalist.
 His neck did not snap easily, but it snapped.
 Rodregas did not stop snapping it until he had the man’s face looking into the rock below.
 The three sat there for a minute and then stepped away to rest against the far wall to get some distance from Van’dret’s body.
 After a few minutes Doi’van said, “Well, one more Immortalist down, that’s good.” The other two nodded.

ed. “Fin’ up now,” Doi92m’0mvan said and then he flexed his
-
Apparently, being a three headed daemon dragon did not include a cat-like ability to land from a fall.
 Rodregas steadied him and then Doi’van shook himself and looked around, confused.
 “Are you all right?” Rodregas asked.
 Doi’van nodded and then said, “Let’s get out of the chamber.” Rodregas nodded, as he wanted to check on Imeralda.
 Doi’van seemed to have his balance back.
 Rodregas wondered if Doi’van had lost his balance because he had been trying to fly instead of walk.
 As they stepped out of the room of Infernal sigils and carefully closed the door behind them, Doi‘van still seemed unsteady and Rodregas wondered if his own experiences had prepared him more naturally for this.
 Rodregas had changed bodies before.
 “Doi’van, why don’t you sit down and rest for a second?
 I will check on Imeralda,” Doi’van nodded his thanks and sank down on the floor.

 started to wake him up. Furuma had disappeared into92m her0m sleep and the four only managed to
-
I couldn't remember for sure if he'd ever smiled at me before, but I found myself suddenly positive he hadn't.
 I would have remembered such a strangely innocent expression.
 Brandon's smile was one of the most genuine I'd ever seen, the kind of thing that only the most deceptive person could possibly pull off and not mean.
 Alec's smile was like the first bloom on a flower, something so new, so unpracticed that there wasn't any possible way it was anything other than sincere.
 It made me tingle all over, and want to giggle like I was still six.
 Several seconds passed before I realized I'd been unconsciously returning his smile.
 I felt a blush slowly rising past my throat, but I couldn't look away.
 Luckily the bell broke my strange fit of paralysis, and I was able to regain some of my composure while Mrs. Alexander struggled her way through the role.
 "I've been thinking about the fact that I didn't really give you young people a chance to ask any questions that might have come up during the course of your work on our section regarding light.
 Now's your chance, please ask away.

"0m her questioning eyes went to my surprisingly innocent face.<eop><eod> I felt my thumbs
-
Soren Kierkegaard calls Abraham the Knight of Faith, a fellow so sure of God that even the idea of questioning a command to murder his own son was unthinkable.
 Good for him.
 Honest.
 Luke the horse breeder, I can admire, and Eric I can adore, in part because I know their flaws, their humanity.
 Luke's are exposed in "A Father's Story".
 Eric's I can remember, and for reminders, I have his report cards.
 Adoring a human may require us to have developed beyond pure selfishness.
 Yet once that's accomplished, the task seems to come naturally.
 But, at my level, even attempting to adore God is calling for plenty of effort.
 Which I'm beginning to see as the point of this trip I had thought was meant to sell books.

e Too92m Much0m Read Again?' was quickly overwritten. I Was More Published?' doesn'
-
Another time I will explain.”
 The two grew quiet, and they stared at the fire as the time passed.
 At last, when Harruq was sure Qurrah would not bring up the subject, he spoke.
 “About the guards,” he said.
 “You think they’re telling the truth?”
 Qurrah glanced up.
 “About the elven blood in us?”
 “Yeah.”
 Qurrah chuckled, but it was mirthless.
 “I do, and it does not surprise me as much as it should.

embers it too,” Har92mru0mq whispered in his ear as they stared at the carving that stood
-
It withered and then went still.
 I gasped as the body fell to the ground and even some of the creatures, around stopped.
 They murmured among each other, “She killed a syphon!
 She killed one of us.” So the awful creatures were called syphons?
 What did they want?
 I made a mental note to tell Emily about this.
 That is, if all of us didn’t die first.
 They screeched in anger and I felt their eyes on me.
 Every single one was full of burning hatred.
 But I ignored the feeling and focused on Seth.

easily come92m to0m me and tried to run from Emily. He managed to put his legs upright but he
-
Shivers ran down my spine.
 3… I felt cold, like being dipped in ice water.
 The breeze picked up even harder.
 2… I was hollow and could probably see my own body if I opened my eyes.
 But I could never get the courage to do that.
 1… The wind died.
 My body felt normal except it was different.
 I opened my eyes and looked over to where I just had been or still was.
 My human body slightly glowed as it sat in meditation under the tree.
 It didn’t move.

 time92m in0m my house... I sleep in a room with a 3 year old who sleeps during
-
During the 1980s Europe chose a high-wage path to growth, passing on the benefits to the existing workforce but creating relatively few new jobs; whereas the United States, with a similar economic growth rate over the decade, showed lower income growth per worker, but a steadily rising employment rate.
 Europe is now confronted with the need for structural adjustment to compensate.
 In the United States, the extent of the unemployment problem is partially disguised in the form of low-wage jobs, which distribute total income over a larger number of workers.
 Twenty per cent of all full-time US workers have incomes that fall below the official poverty line for a family of four, though only a quarter of these live in households whose total income is below the poverty line.
 Real wages in the United States have not risen significantly over the last 20 years due to the dramatic increase in the supply of labour as a result of a 62 per cent increase in female participation since 1960 and the entrance of the baby-boom generation into the workforce.
 However, America’s ‘family living standard’ has still risen by 40 per cent since 1970.
 Within the next decade, the aging of the population is expected to reduce job pressures and even lead to labour shortages in some European countries.
 Job growth has been quite rapid in the developing countries over the last forty years, more than doubling total employment.
 The single most important factor behind rising numbers of unemployed persons and increasing absolute numbers of families below the poverty line in developing countries has been the 2.4-fold expansion of population in the Third World, and more than doubling of the economically active population since 1950, which have resulted in a 4 per cent decline in the overall employment rate.
 Population growth rates continue to fall steadily in most countries, with the exception of Africa, providing an opportu nity for economic growth and job growth to catch up with the population explosion of recent decades.

tem analysis Despite92m a0m steady growth rate over the last forty years, the economics of capitalism continue to continue to
-
We are best friends, confidants, partners, and true lovers and together we are one.
 I can’t imagine my existence without her, and I know that everything I am and all I will become is shaped by her genuine kindness.
 Meeting Lisa is the most important defining moment in my life.
 Acknowledgments I would like to thank all of the drug and alcohol rehabilitation professionals who choose to tackle the daunting task of attempting to help those in this world who cannot take just one drink but must consume the whole bottle and those who cannot take a prescription pill as prescribed but must crush, snort, smoke or inject these powerful drugs to feed the monster of addiction.
 Many of these counselors and staff who help the addicts in our lives were once addicts themselves.
 They choose to “give back” because they have either finally come to understand what caused them to want to destroy themselves and are compelled to share this knowledge or they know that they can only continue their sobriety by staying where they found it, or both.
 Either way, they are the students who became the teachers of recovery and only they are bullet proof to the lies that flow so freely from an addict’s mouth.
 I would like to thank the staff of Narconon and every other facility that helps our addicts attempt to identify and handle the demon they cannot resist.
 I would like to thank Chris Tillman for encouraging me to turn my cathartic writings into a book to share my story with others.
 I would like to thank my mother for being the best mother she could be despite astronomical obstacles that faced a single parent in the 60’s with no financial support from her first husband and an abusive second husband.

hank Lisa for being the father who taught me to fight92m my0m own demons. Her story gives me a
-
I promised.” I sighed in relief.
 “Good...” I heard a loud yawn and Emily stretched her arms in the air.
 She stood up and walked the couple of feet over to me and stopped.
 I pushed myself up and leaned against the tree.
 Emily gave me a light smile.
 “Good morning!” she said and twirled around.
 “Hello bare ground that has no forest!” “You seem to be in a good mood today,” I mused and watched her twirl.
 She stopped and her face crinkled up in thought.
 “I think it's because I didn't wake up to be in a never-ending forest.
 Plus, last night Jason got so sick of arguing with me he just gave up.

he kling of an orange and started twirling around again. “What92m are0m you so damn tired
-
Art – I vote car accident, but we need something that wouldn’t hurt anyone else.
 Are there any cliffs between here and home?
 Preferably one with several hundred feet between it and the ground beneath.
 Jagged rocks would be good as well.
 Make it a quick painless death.
 Jim – Well, there’s Dead Man’s Curve, and the Cliffs of Insanity.
 I think those would be our best bet.
 Art – Dead Man’s Curve has been way over done.
 And the Cliffs of Insanity, well, no.
 Jim - What happens to be wrong with the Cliffs of Insanity?

e decided to perfect a boulder color92m for0m our local rock. There are many different colors you can
-
Britney's voice was coated with sincerity, but it was the thinnest of layers, one which poorly disguised all kinds of nasty little feelings.
 On the other hand, it distracted my mind from the string of thoughts I'd otherwise have followed all the way down to a full-blown panic attack.
 It was a small thing in the grand scheme of the universe, but it was just enough to tilt the balance in her favor.
 I still didn't like her any more than she really liked me, but I was willing to tolerate her.
 To pretend we were friends so that neither of us had to face the scary world entirely on our own.
 "Okay, apology accepted.
 It wasn't very nice, but I suppose everyone makes mistakes."
 Britney's eyes grew bright, even after such a short acquaintance, I knew she was about to launch into a blow-by-blow account of the last twelve or so hours.
 "Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but I've got to finish up my physics homework.
 Can we catch up during lunch?"

nother fighter rushing to the Court92m with0m a shotgun. Ditch to the balcony. Run into the Garden.
-
"Do you remember her brother Matthew?"
 "Yes."
 "I thought I might invite him as well."
 "That's fine."
 She was in the process of raising her glass to her lips when her eyes met his.
 "No."
 She set her glass down.
 "I don't want to be paired with anyone."
 "He loves going to the pictures, just like you do.
 And he has a very good job with--" "I don't care, John.

 have92m to0m take you to the pictures." He set his glass down on the table
-
I’ve put on my formal attire.
 I wonder what sort of tricks he’ll want me to perform for our guests.
 How will he display my talents this time?
 I understand he needs to show strength in his position, but it seems as if he’s being a bit obvious.
 ‘Look at my freak of nature.
 See what she can do?’ I’ll be too tired for anything but sleep tonight or I’d try sneaking out when he was occupied with visitors.
 Maybe he’ll give me a break from training tomorrow.
 ~ Father hasn’t left his room this morning.
 No one has seen him since the conclusion of the festivities.
 My sister has sealed herself in her room.

ff Mother’s infant bundle and her baby blanket on the path in the darker forest.92m I0m wonder when
-
For the length of the dream I lost myself in the wonder of experiencing the world in all of its amazing depth.
 Still, even the pure delight in my surroundings wasn't enough to mute the feeling something was missing.
 Chapter 19 It seemed like the old karmic scale was still going strong and trying very hard to make up for how great Les Misérables had been.
 We finally arrived in town after way too many hours of driving and then I had to wait for Mom to come pick me up.
 The last chaperon had been about five minutes from throwing in the towel and just taking me home herself by the time Mom finally pulled into the school parking lot.
 Mom hadn't even apologized.
 She'd mumbled something about needing to hit one of her 'close' sites while the moon was still high in the sky as she dropped me off at home and then drove off without looking back.
 I'd just managed to drop off into a fitful sleep when she came back home and ruined any chance of me catching up on the sleep I'd missed because of the trip.
 I'd never been able to go back to sleep after being woken up in the morning, but I tried anyways.
 By the time I finally gave up and got out of bed I was not a happy camper.

l the next day, I got back into my usual full swing of fantasy dreams.92m One0m big one in
-
One of the men spoke, his tone formal.
 “We will not demonstrate their full power at this time, in fear of shorting our forces a man for mere display.” I assumed he was probably joking.
 “As you can see, they can be frightening, however, without attack.” At that, the dogs walked into the circle.
 I had not seen them either, before they were approaching their masters.
 They came forward to snarl, one regarding Ruby and one Steed, and I could only be glad it wasn’t me as their muzzles pulled back and exposed a vicious set of teeth, complete with meat-tearing fangs.
 The hair rose on their backs and I was suddenly positive they were larger than Ruby.
 A horrific growl ripped from their chests in unison and I cringed.
 Then, at once, they settled back into relaxed seated positions as if they had never been angry.
 “We also do not do tricks.” Yes, there was humor there.
 I was relieved to see the intimidating pair might not be as strict as I’d imagined.

ey moved into92m an0m extra section of the circle, I didn’t wait for them to shout out
-
Jim – Yes it could, it could have karaoke as an integral part of the ceremony.
 Art – Dad has more taste then that, not by much, but enough.
 What do you plan to do about Liz?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 I mean, she’s my best friend, and she’s in love with me.
 Art – We’ve covered that.
 Jim – Did your dad ever cover what to do in such a situation?
 Art – No he didn’t, most of his advice so far has been geared to identifying women who might give you a chance.
 Jim – No tips on what to do when you have her?
 Art – Nope.

ith you, you at the bar, and you can kick-oon92m this0m blonde
-
Say them.
 Say them and live.
 My life for you, _Qurrah shouted as the world crystallized.
 A red line slashed across his mind, and as the dream shattered into shards the words of the dark man ripped through him._
 Then come reap the rewards.
 Qurrah lurched awake, gasping for air.
 His throat ached, and he could feel the tiniest trickle of blood down his trachea.
 The night was still deep and the town quiet.
 Beside him, Harruq snored loud enough to wake the drunkest of men.
 Far away, a wolf howl beckoned.

ke at his necklace, knowing how92m to0m wear it it was in his grasp.<eop> The
-
I pushed the notepad away in frustration, and then started shaking as I finally recognized my drawing.
 It was the grotto from my dream, and the reason I hadn't filled in the center was that I'd never seen it.
 That was the spot where Alec had been standing.
 Chapter 13 Morning came not a moment too soon after a night filled with tossing and turning.
 Every time I nodded off, I awoke a few minutes later, my mind reaching for something that wasn't there, only to snap back as it didn't find what it was looking for.
 Each time the backlash woke me up, I tried to figure out what was going on, but I didn't succeed until nearly morning.
 I'd been trying to find the vivid dreams again.
 I'd finally stopped thinking about them, finally stopped yearning for them every night, only to have my stupid subconscious somehow mix them up with real life.
 That was really the thing that was the most unnerving.
 I'd only ever unconsciously drawn real places.

, knowing that my subconscious was going to tell me everything was normal, that I was going92m to0m have
-
It was Mark Childs and Lessi Arnolds.
 The bodies were a couple of days old by the time search and rescue found them, but it was pretty obvious they'd been mauled by something."
 I opened my mouth to interrupt, but my vocal chords weren't working.
 Now that she'd finally broached the subject, Britney was unstoppable.
 "It had to have been a mountain lion, there isn't anything else around here that's both aggressive and big enough to kill people, but neither of them had been gnawed on at all, which was strange enough by itself.
 Everyone refusing to talk about it would've been enough to make it X-Files weird, but when the coroner threw such a fit, it entered a class of its own."
 Britney looked around again to make sure nobody was in hearing range, and then leaned in even closer.
 "He said the wounds weren't made by anything in the cat family.
 He wrote up a whole paper on how the teeth marks were made by some kind of new, previously undiscovered predator."
 The chills were back, and they'd redoubled in intensity.

ott had swamp92med0m me with research on the first car attack, seventeen hours before the coroner had been in
-
He hugged her, rocking her gently.
 "How am I going to get back, Rick?
 Am I stuck here forever?"
 "Come on--let's go have some breakfast, and we'll see what else we can think of."
 She let him lead her back to his house.
 Sitting at the table while he made breakfast, she wiped her eyes and cheeks and nose with a paper napkin.
 "I'm never going to get back."
 "Sure you will."
 "How?
 I walked and walked and didn't get back.

 her tight, talking with her92m about0m creme-cake, and then gently kissing her warm lips
-
“You’re big and scary and send little kiddies running when they see you on the street.”
 “I wouldn’t be surprised,” said a female voice behind the two brothers.
 “Any man who would hang out with a brute like Harruq must be a disturbed individual.”
 Both turned to see Aurelia step out from behind a tree.
 She smiled at Harruq, and then nodded to his brother.
 “Care to introduce me?”
 “Oh yeah, this is—”
 “Qurrah Tun, my lady,” Qurrah said with a bow that sent Harruq’s jaw dropping.
 “It is a pleasure to meet you.
 May I have the name of the one who has brought civility to my brother?”

92m,0m intelligent, cool. Harruq guessed it was Allah Rad Ali Ahmed or the American women who
-
think about-about .
 .
 ."
 He grinned.
 "I think I understand."
 He reached out to squeeze her hand.
 "I've never seen a picture of her or even heard of her, but I'd bet money that she's not as sexy as you."
 Her blush deepened, and his grin mellowed into a loving smile.
 He took her hand and pressed his lips into her palm.
 "You're the most beautiful woman in the world, Marie."

ditional "celeb". She is a real woman. She is a real bard92m.0m She
-
I clicked the lock together and grabbed my bag.
 Emily was fumbling with her bike lock, which was old and rusted and usually refused to work without a fight.
 I walked over and tried to help her.
 “Why do you think Seth won’t tell us what he was doing?” I asked, watching her because she had refused to let me help.
 “Pride purposes?
 He was yelling at you when he broke his own rules.
 He just doesn’t want to admit he did” she said through her wild hair.
 Her lock finally clicked and she stood up.
 The boys were walking side by side towards the play set.
 It wasn’t actually that small but it looked that way from the street.

eft the play set two minutes earlier.<eop>92m<eod>0m Shazam was very well received in Punjab category. Al
-
And then I thought, What else do you have to do, sit here and blow up frogs?
 It was all the convincing I needed.
 Slinking out from the branches of the spruce, I crept low along the trees and brush as I followed my watcher north.
 Chapter Six Trails
 Chevelle kept a quick pace and I found myself struggling to keep up.
 Unlike me, he wasn’t dodging between rocks and trees, bending out of sight and watching the ground to keep from breaking twigs while he tried to keep from being spotted.
 I cursed the formal dress I’d been dragging as it snagged on a low-lying thicket, flinging another string of beads into the soft dirt.
 I considered dumping it, but didn’t think it was the best idea to be sneaking around the forest unclothed.
 After crossing a few soggy patches of moss, the hem was damp and darkened.
 I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.

m wasn0m’t looking for any of the aforementioned feat-seeking experiences. Miracles.
-
Months later, Harruq awoke at the dawn, jerking upward and uttering a sharp gasp.
 A constant cry of danger rang in his ears.
 A quick survey showed he slept alone in their small shed, his brother missing.
 “Qurrah?” he dared ask.
 “Outside,” came Qurrah’s muffled reply.
 Harruq stretched, pushed away a plank of wood from the window, and climbed out.
 The sun was halfway visible, the standard noises of the city only in their infancy.
 Leaning against the shed, his eyes staring off toward the sunrise, waited Qurrah.
 “What are you doing out here?” Harruq asked.
 “Did you sense it?” Qurrah asked.

in front of them,92m four0m herds of horses spun in their gears, a mass of
-
“Well, I’d look weird walking down the street with those flowers in hand.
 I do have a reputation to keep.”
 The elf laughed.
 “Thank you, Harruq.
 Are you ready to begin?”
 He nodded, eager to have the awkwardness pass.
 Aurelia twirled the staff in her hands as her smile faded into seriousness.
 Harruq drew his swords, and then they sparred.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

red. Aurelia indicated that the sword would save92m more0m mental time than the blunt knife. A
-
"Whatever the cause, it's commonly held that this was the point at which the Earth ceased to be a paradise.
 Bountiful gardens were replaced by weeds and thorns.
 Hurt and betrayed, the Sun distanced herself from the Earth, lessening the number of life-giving rays warming his surface.
 Possibly that was his plan.
 If she'd totally abandoned him then her children would've all died."
 I felt my eyelids begin to flutter, as my breathing slowed to match Alec's.
 "Whether that was his intent or not, the Sun didn't completely abandon him, either out of respect for what they'd shared, or possibly out of concern for her children.
 Once it became apparent that the Earth and Sun were through with each other, the Moon began to court her.
 Doomed to touch only briefly during the rare solar eclipses, they nevertheless became beloved, one to the other.
 The greatest sign of the Moon's devotion to the Sun came about when he sent his children down to the Earth to watch over and protect the sunborn, or dayborn as they are most often called."

me a new favorite layer of theirs. "And that was92m his0m favor. And I guess they
-
When the ground became completely flat, I stopped at the scene in front of me.
 Seth spun around, bringing his sword up to block Kojas’ swords.
 Kojas pulled his swords back and slashed through the air.
 Seth ducked and stabbed at his opponents’ middle.
 Kojas brought his sword down and swiped Seth’s.
 It twisted out of Seth’s grip and fell to the ground.
 I wanted to scream, but I couldn’t.
 I was frozen in fear.
 Seth dashed to his sword, hand out stretched.
 Then Kojas raised a hand and something dark shot out of it.

 out and protect ourselves. Of course92m,0m you were on your side, Kojas.
-
"Rick!"
 she called, running into her bedroom to get her bathrobe.
 "Rick, wake up!
 It's almost 8:00!"
 Rick groaned, wishing he'd told her that driving wasn't allowed before 10:00 a.m.
 He turned over and went back to sleep, but 15 minutes later, after her shower, she pounded on his door.
 "Rick, are you up?
 I'll be ready in 20 minutes!"
 He couldn't help smiling as he rubbed his eyes sleepily.
 She was so excited about everything.

 with her big sister..92m.0m fighting Alex... exercising with her friend... talking in
-
I wasn’t doing anything wrong, but I didn’t want to flaunt it.
 I had no good reason for researching Chevelle Vattier, except I had been thinking about him all day.
 You just met him this morning.
 Not even met.
 Stared at.
 Heat crept into my cheeks for no good reason, and I picked up my pace to the old tree that housed the library.
 I knew my shoulders were drawn in and I was glancing around too often, but I couldn’t seem to help it.
 It felt illicit.
 Twice I imagined a set of dark eyes on me, a pricking sensation running over my spine.
 I was going to have to pull myself together.

g to have to get down there. If92m only0m I had pissed off him so badly. It wasn’
-
Or maybe— He stopped and turned around, hearing footsteps.
 Footsteps?
 Who would be out here?
 A neighbor's child, maybe?
 He decided to investigate, although the fog made it difficult.
 To his knowledge, no children had ever come here, but he wanted to be sure that no one was trampling the flowers.
 He almost ran into the girl looking at his fountain.
 "Excuse me.
 The fog is so bad that I almost didn't see you."
 She was so glad to see somebody.

ine that I didn't see say.92m"0m<eop> No one stood there. Everyone started running back
-
Salvation took the woman’s life, Condemnation the man’s.
 The two bodies collapsed, their lifeless limbs entangled.
 Not far ahead of them, a woman ran in only her shift, a child clutched to her breast.
 “Why do you flee?” Harruq roared when her crying eyes glanced back at him.
 “This life is pain, suffering!
 I’m here to end it, end it all!”
 The woman ran faster and her child cried louder.
 It didn’t matter.
 Harruq rammed her with his shoulder.
 To protect her child, the woman rolled so that her side took the brunt of the fall.

of Islam, Adam and Eve, the Mohammed believed to be the god of creation.92m The0m man being
-
Jim – (Sits up) Right here, where I’ve been for the last twenty minutes.
 Art – Why haven’t you been helping out?
 Jim – Um, because there were already a bunch of people.
 And you didn’t need any more to get in the way.
 Besides, I wanted to catch up with Sumo here.
 Art – That stupid comic book still…
 Jim – Well yeah, I don’t know anyone in the real world named Sumo.
 Art – What about that fat kid down the block?
 Wasn’t he nicknamed Sumo?
 Jim – That was Tubbo, and it was only a nick name we gave him.

 name that anyone else used, but I think: Actually, closer to it92m,0m he was
-
Rodregas stepped into the master’s bedroom for the first time in his twenty years of service in Raven Tower.
 He was unarmed; unarmored and needed to get as far away from Raven Keep as he could before someone noticed that he was not a sorcerer.
 He had spent too much time on the road without money, and he was not going to repeat the experience if he could help it.
 He needed money.
 Money would buy him what he needed to start his new life.
 Unfortunately, Ravenhurr had not been interested in material wealth, and what money he did have, he tended to spend on materials needed for his magical ceremonies; still there should be something that he could use.
 The bedroom was not large but this floor also held Ravenhurr’s study and a water closet.
 The far wall held a four-poster bed covered by a richly colored duvet.
 To the left of the bed was the door to the water closet and to the left of that a wardrobe.
 Along the connecting wall the fireplace calmly burned.

t it was near the entry door and probably ended in92m the0m dining room, enough to attract little
-
He could see from their body language that they were ready to do more than congratulate him.
 CHAPTER 15 DARK SHADOWS
 Doi’van led the three deeper into the great cathedral and said, “Sir Rodregas, congratulations are in order for becoming a Knight of the Soaring Heavens, but I fear Van’dret is getting suspicious.
 You now have the right to enter the Chamber that holds the greater sigils.
 I think you need to go there now.” Rodregas nodded.
 “Can I bring you two into the Chamber as my advisors?” “That does seem to be allowed,” said Imeralda, “Traditionally that is more about fathers with sons, not half bloods and Hellborns, but I think we might have a bigger problem.” She stopped speaking mid sentence, and Rodregas curiously looked back at her, but she was staring ahead.
 A figure stood there tall and graceful.
 He had appeared out of nowhere, as if by magic.
 It was Van’dret.
 “Ah, I see the three of you are all together and far away from the others, how convenient for me.” Van’dret casually reached out toward the side wall and they could vaguely hear him mumble a few words.

DARK SHAD92mOW0mS Doi’van led the three deeper into the cathedral,
-
There was Junnie, her blonde hair shining in the sun as she greeted me at her door on the west side of the village.
 And Junnie, mysterious under a hooded cloak, fighting with magic and weaponry, killing members of the council guard.
 We sat around a fire, telling stories.
 Someone was ribbing Ruby.
 Her eyes narrowed when she replied to him, matter-of-factly, “Your mouth is very small.
 It’s unattractive.” And her head bobbed side to side as she smiled, pleased with herself.
 Anvil laughed and his tongue wagged.
 He was holding someone by the arm, preventing them from running away.
 Suddenly, my vision changed and I was a hawk, attacking, tearing a piece from his tongue.
 And Chevelle.

d92m 0mmagenta eyes. Beau. And Anvil. And Urutter. And Denis Tell.
-
There have been cases where development was accompanied by an authoritarian political system.
 But we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.
 Political, economic and social development must be closely related, mutually supportive, deriving sustenance from one another.
 Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization these are the goals of the United Nations.
 The United Nations has, over the years, devoted great time and attention to the issues before the Commission on Peace and Food.
 In the research, analysis, debate, consensus-building and actual operational activities of the United Nations System, the issues of peace, develop ment and democratization have been at the forefront.
 The Members of the International Commission on Peace and Food have interacted closely with the United Nations Funds, Programmes and Specialized Agencies.
 This report brings together many of the issues which are central to the reflection on development which the United Nations is trying to encourage, leading to the World Summit on Social Development to be held in 1995.
 Boutros Boutros-Ghali Secretary General United Nations
 The report of the International Commission on Peace and Food focuses on the 'uncommon opportunities' that have arisen as the world shifts into new alignments.

ntegration of political systems is very important in the transition process to world92m-0mclass economic and social systems.
-
Well Elizabeth, I am truly impressed with your talent once again.
 So much creativity and talent combined into a pretty girl.
 You’ll make some lucky man very happy one day.
 Liz – Thanks Mr. Trelain, Jim was just telling me what he thought.
 I would appreciate hearing your opinion on what you like and dislike.
 Art – Well, I must say I love that painting of Jesus and Elvis shaking hands, and the one next to it of them fighting the Ninjas.
 It looks so lifelike, and it is extremely unique in concept.
 For the rest, I’m not art-minded enough to tell you anything special.
 Liz – That doesn’t matter, just tell me what appeals to you.
 Art – I haven’t seen it all yet.

might enjoy a good movie, or Fly from the Dead. I don’92mt0m know what paintings you
-
Its presence comforts, inspires, provides us with hope and meaning.
 The thought of losing it may terrify or leave us in despair.
 I feel all that about my kids.
 I have felt somewhat the same about a few others, at least for a time.
 But I would be lying if I claimed to feel all that about God.
 My problem invites the question: how can I adore God when I don’t quite know what to make of him?
 I hear and read that he’s a person, and a spirit, who resides everywhere, outside and in us.
 I understand that if my imagination is too small to fathom God as a whole, which of course it is, I can grasp who God is by observing the qualities, nature, and actions of Christ.
 But though I have read, listened, prayed, and pondered about Jesus for dozens of years, in all honesty, given my definition, I can't claim to adore him either.
 Maybe if he were a woman, I could at least come closer to adoration, as I find women easier to adore.

'0mt feel that Mr. Ike was the first to experience the recurring problem of doubts: doubts
-
I wonder if he’s working for the Canadians.
 You guys ever seen Gene drink beer and watch hockey?
 Johnny – I don’t watch Gene do anything.
 I just wish he’d get outta here.
 Jim – Maybe if you’re lucky, and ask nicely, he’ll teach you about Canada.
 Then my beloved brother, you can pretend to fit in, but secretly work for the resistance forces.
 Liz – That just may work.
 Jim – You’re our only hope Johnny boy.
 All our hopes for freedom ride on your capable shoulders!
 To victory!

ou give us up. But you give us up92m,0m die dead with our spoils! All we
-
Their faces looked like they had seen a dinosaur come back to life.
 Jason scrambled away from Emily but she nailed him so many times it didn’t matter, he was already soaking wet.
 The last of my water leaked out the back of the gun and we just stood there.
 Jason smiled but you could see he was hiding the anger in his face.
 Seth was emotionless; he didn’t give any sign on what he was feeling.
 “So you felt like getting us back?” Jason asked.
 Emily glared at him, “You deserved it because you soaked us too.” “So,” he rolled his eyes, “you thought you could just ambush us.
 Have you learned nothing and that we might want revenge now.
 Then you will and so on.
 You’ve started a really long war.” “Who says the penguins can’t win a war, huh?

92m!”0m We were starting to wet ourselves so badly. “Well, yeah, it’s painful.
-
Who had I been told, almost from my first day here, were the two most influential families in Sanctuary?
 The Worthingfields and the Graveses.
 Both of which had at least one member of the family my age, one of whom seemed to hate me profoundly.
 What was it the mayor had said?
 "I can't promise he'll even read it."
 It was a he who'd intervened on our behalf, and Rachel and Alec's father had died years ago, while Brandon's father...actually I knew next to nothing about Brandon's parents.
 I wasn't even sure whether or not they were around.
 They must be though--if it had been a male who'd saved us, then it couldn't be the Graveses, and that left only Brandon's family.
 It was hard to believe that Brandon had stepped in and done so much for us, but the pieces fit together so tightly.
 Brandon was even more wonderful and amazing than I'd thought before.

. was the hypnotist92m you0m need to want to save a car. Beyond that,
-
“We have no need for money.” Qurrah reminded him.
 “We take what we need.
 We always have.”
 “My days are spent in boredom and you know it,” Harruq said.
 “How long will they offer that much coin?”
 Qurrah popped his neck, wincing as he did.
 “So be it,” he conceded.
 “Take the work…‌if they’ll take you.”
 This put a bit of a damper on Harruq’s enthusiasm.
 “Course they will,” he muttered, his frown betraying the confidence in his voice.

to one side while the piles of coins settle to low levels. It92m could0m then quickly be focused on
-
Jason tucked his arms under him and Emily pressed next to him.
 Then, as if on cue, the dragon tucked its great wings over us, blocking out the sky and we began to really fall.
 I screamed louder and sunk deeper into Seth, trying to forget that we were falling at about 90 miles per hour without a parachute.
 Every second felt like an hour.
 I squeezed my eyes in an effort to make it all go away.
 Make it stop, make it stop… Seth gave me a comforting squeeze but it didn’t help.
 I tried to think of something else, like penguins or llamas.
 Anything, I didn’t care what I thought about, it could be underwear, as long as I wasn’t thinking about what was actually happening to me right now.
 Llamas, I thought urgently.
 Llamas are furry and they spit at you when they’re mad.

ught urgently. Oxs, we are not talking92m about0m food. Snow cats, I think we are
-
It varies year to year but that is what is usually needed.” “Did you know that three times warriors have finished with perfect twenty five points?
 The last time was over forty years ago by ‘the traitor.’” Imeralda explained, “I was talking to one of the older knights” “Who is this traitor?” asked Doi’van.
 “I don’t know,” said Imeralda.
 “It is the Lord General of the Immortalists,” Rodregas said.
 “He was once the Grand Marshal of the Order before he turned traitor and joined the Immortalists.
 He is hated by the knighthood, but he was a great warrior, the kind that we have to be able to face if we fight the Immortalists.” Rodregas responded.
 “We can’t be afraid of the competition.
 I may die, but if I win I can earn a greater sigil, maybe even bring you into the chamber as my servant.
 If both Doi’van and I had a greater sigil, we would be much more likely to survive the upcoming battles,” Rodregas said.
 “We would still get spitted like a pig to the roast without decent armor,” said Doi’van, “but as the Gods have yet to provide the armor, we will show these human squires the armor of our faith and the armor of our courage.

ess that we believe in something that is beyond our comprehension.92m Our0m greatest task will be to prove to these
-
“Girls first, Seth.
 Have a problem with that?” “All right then,” he said and leaned against the wall.
 “Sweet dreams to you two.” “Yup sweet dreams to us,” I said and closed my eyes.
 “Goodnight Emily.” “Goodnight Jazell.” I drifted off, feeling surprising comfy against Seth's shoulder and hearing Jason softy snore.
 I opened my eyes to see myself standing in the woods.
 The sky saw clearer and it wasn't raining anymore.
 It was eerie quiet and as I stood there it felt like I had never left the woods.
 I heard a voice whispering one word over and over again.
 “Jazell...” “What?” I called.
 “What do you want?” “Jazell...” the voice whispered again.

tely and I could hear it92m that0m he was bound. Anna! Emily! I saw him in his bare
-
Stuff.
 Chevelle appeared reluctant to get up.
 For a moment, I thought he might reach out to me, but he only stood and left without another word.
 It ached.
 I didn’t want him to hate me.
 Ruby whirled into the room and grabbed me around the waist from behind, spinning me up, over the back of the seat, and through her door before I could process what was happening.
 She plopped me down in the center of her bed and swung around to sit in front of me.
 My head was reeling from the spin as she smiled at me, waving her hands and bringing a plethora of bottles and canisters flying toward us to drop on the bed.
 I thought with disappointment that I hadn’t responded to her attack as Chevelle had taught me and laughed at the image in my head.
 Ruby gave me a genuine smile as she began twisting the lid on a small metal canister.

n’t believe that video! My head got totally... another92m.0m.. over
-
Art – Who let you out this time.
 Eugene – Johnny did when he got back a couple minutes ago.
 He’s my current hero.
 Liz – I wonder how long that will last.
 Karen – From what I’ve seen, only until Art starts carving the turkey.
 Then whoever hands him his plate will take that place.
 Jim – I don’t think it will even last that long.
 Karen – Dinner is only a few minutes away.
 Jim – I know.
 I know.

ely you have to live or miss92m.0m I know. I know. It will be long for any restaurant
-
An arm wrapped around my shoulder and drew me forward.
 “Introduce us, buttercup.” I grimaced.
 My companion was certainly enjoying himself.
 Chevelle held his hand out in a formal greeting.
 “Chevelle Vattier.” “Vattier, eh?” I thought I heard the stranger mutter under his breath, “Well, you can call me Bonnie Bell.” Chevelle waited unmoved for his response.
 He finally held his hand out in return.
 “Steed.
 Steed Summit.” They shot me a glare as my giggle slipped out.
 Steed stared at me.
 He especially didn’t seem to think it was funny.

now anyway.<eop><eod> It took many years92m to0m find out what she had been thinking, discover what
-
Jasmin and Isaac appeared alongside the road, materializing where there'd only been trees a half-second before.
 Faster than I would have believed possible, all three of the shape shifters piled into the moving car, and then James stomped on the gas hard enough to break triple digits before slowing slightly for the first turn.
 The mirror on my side of the car was perfectly positioned for me to be able to see three or four flashes of tawny brown sliding through the trees before the winding road carried us out of sight.
 Alec nodded as I looked back and met his eyes.
 "They were pretty close.
 There weren't that many of them, but they could've decided to push the issue regardless."
 I spent the rest of the trip, expecting someone to jump out of the trees, but faster than I'd have believed possible, the wrought iron gates I'd noticed on our trip out last night were swinging open, and we were turning off onto Alec's asphalt lane.
 A distinguished-looking gentleman in his fifties was waiting for us as we screeched to a stop.
 His slightly disapproving frown hinted at decades of practice letting his 'bosses' know when they'd just crossed some kind of line, all the while never crossing any himself.
 The shape shifters all exited the car, most before it had even stopped moving, and then Jessica and Dominic both appeared as I made my comparatively slow way out of the vehicle.

all out to your angel when you are not looking at it for the counsel92m of0m that god. The
-
“Yeah,” Harruq said.
 “I understand.”
 “Good.
 Now come.” The two resumed traveling up the small hill.
 They stopped again, however, for from their vantage point they could see the village.
 “See the torches?” Harruq asked, pointing.
 His brother nodded.
 “Velixar’s nightmares have pulled them from their slumber.
 It would be too easy otherwise.”
 “It’s going to be easy anyway,” Harruq said, drawing his blades.

fully prepared to stumble upon an opportunity to strike at one of the villagers.92m<eop>0m “The one that
-
I must see them.”
 “He did?” Harruq asked, glancing at his brother.
 His stomach dropped, and his heart quickened as Velixar approached.
 He felt like a truant servant caught by his master…‌which perhaps he was.
 “You killed many yesterday,” the man in black said.
 “Do you feel guilt for their deaths?”
 Harruq took a deep breath, analyzing every word before he opened his mouth.
 Velixar could surely tell if he lied.
 But what did he believe?
 Did he even know?

t God had told92m him0m to kill others? Why did Blarick assume his power? The long dark shadows
-
.
 ."
 "Don't worry--you'll like Sharon.
 She hates being set up as much as you do."
 Ted grinned at his friend.
 Rick leaned back in his desk chair.
 "Then why did she agree to it?"
 "Because Lauri's as good at badgering as I am.
 See you tomorrow."
 Rick shook his head as Ted left his office.

ing at his desk watching a network buddy talking about92m next0m day specific things. He passed the network in a
-
And he kept asking, “What can we do?” As if our mission was to fix all the world’s broken people.
 Eric was the fastest middle-distance runner in our school.
 Baseball was my best game.
 But Eric and I had alienated some coaches.
 Me for quitting the baseball and football teams, soon after my dad died, so I could go instead to Singing Hills, a country club where Tommy Rupnik, a golf pro and friend of my dad’s let me play for free.
 Most every day, I traipsed through the woods alongside a stream and clobbered golf balls.
 Eric had angered coaches for walking away from the wrestling team after he lost a match and Coach Feezer belittled him.
 The coaches believed Eric had quit out of wounded pride.
 The truth was, disappointing people wracked him with shame.
 We wanted to rejoin the teams that year.

 of seven women92m.0m I was a middle-distance runner from Colombia and world champion Alberto Mencourt
-
Liz – Too bad you weren’t paying attention the first time it happened.
 But let’s keep moving.
 Jim – Well, I love the two, of first, Jesus shaking hands with Elvis, and then of them fighting a gaggle of ninjas.
 It isn’t about your parents is it?
 I just thought it was about Jesus and Elvis fighting ninjas.
 That would make a sweet comic book, the King of Rock and Roll and the King of Kings, battling ninjas and the forces of evil to save the world.
 They would need a jet, and some fancy gizmos, but man would it kick.
 ‘Elvis, shalt we implant our sandals into the asses of these dark warriors?’ ‘Yeah good buddy, time to give em a free trip to heartbreak hotel’.
 Liz – It doesn’t have a name, I just painted it for fun.
 It’s not about my parents or anything else.

between Rick and Jeremy. Robert92m 0m– That would make a really nasty comic book, everyone killed everyone
-
My mom had placed a full plate of eggs and toast on the table; I sat down and started to eat.
 My mom hurried over and glanced at her watch.
 “You have about a half an hour until you have to leave.
 Eat up.” I responded with a quick shovel of food.
 Within 25 minutes, I was standing by the door with my stomach all queasy.
 My mom rushed forward and gave me a quick hug.
 “Be careful now and enjoy yourself!” “Right I will…” I said uneasily.
 No doubt that I was going to be very careful indeed.
 I stepped outside and the door closed behind me.
 My mom and dad watched from the window, waving happily to me.

ound to have a chance and see how everyone was doing. I said quickly92m,0m “Well everyone is resting
-
"I wish you didn't have to go to work today."
 He was surprised by her words.
 "Do you want me to call in sick?"
 She drew back to look at him.
 "Would you do that?"
 "If you need me, sure."
 She smiled.
 "I need you.
 But I don't want you to miss work.
 I'll finish the laundry and dust.

 inclined to look back at him. 92m"0mOf course."<eop><eod> On his night in Dan<cls>
-
Jim – I heard the first time.
 Where is he now?
 Eugene – He’s dead Jim.
 Art – So is Eugene’s father.
 Liz – They both died in the fire.
 Jim – Why?
 Art – He left a note.
 Jim – What does it say?
 Eugene – We don’t know.
 Liz – Nobody can read his writing.

And me thinking. Jim92m 0m– Me thinking Olivia. Liz thinking – I thinking Charlie.
-
“You worry too much, old girl,” Dieredon said, his voice cracking several times.
 He patted her once and then turned to the elf standing nearby.
 “How many did we lose?”
 “Half.
 We paid dearly to kill this man.”
 “A heavy price,” Dieredon said, gingerly climbing atop Sonowin.
 “Heavy, but well worth its weight in blood.
 A great evil has left this land.
 Let us return to Woodhaven, for this place of death turns my mouth sour.”
 The two took to the air and joined the other survivors.

d on the grass92m on0m the grass surrounding the crater. “Here I have a new son, yes
-
I probably would've started shaking if someone hadn't grabbed my shoulder and startled some kind of twisted cross between a shriek and a gasp out of me.
 I turned to give whoever it was a piece of my mind, but Brandon's laughing gray eyes made the words tangle up before they made it down to my tongue.
 "Hey there.
 You still going to that tutoring lab after school?"
 I managed a nod that I thought nearly looked casual.
 "Good, I need to start tracking your movements so you don't keep running me over."
 The rest of lunch and all of history passed in a blur.
 My mind kept returning to Brandon, and the question of why he was taking such an interest in me.
 It wasn't until I'd returned Mrs. Alexander's reference book to its shelf and sat down at my desk that I remembered I'd had to do the entire 'group' project by myself.
 Alec hadn't even bothered to come to Physics since the assignment had been given.

t I was there alone, so92m I0m made an excuse to sit down at my desk when I didn'
-
We finished the bourbon, then he offered to show me a wrestling hold he had recently learned.
 He was on the wrestling team, second man in the 165-pound class and challenging the first man, who was part orangutan.
 I outweighed Eric by 20 pounds, but he was stronger and faster.
 No matter in what position we started, at his pleasure and with maddening ease, he flipped me over and pinned me.
 Wondering why, after I had spilled my guts, he appeared to revel in my further humiliation, I flew into a rage, sprang to my knees, and socked him in the stomach.
 I pounced on top of him and socked him again, before he caught hold and flipped me, lashed my arm behind my back and shoved my face into the floor.
 “Listen,” he said, without a hint of condemnation, “you’re not really mad at me.
 You’re mad at yourself, because you think you’re nobody, but you’ve got it all wrong.
 It doesn’t matter if I wrestle better.
 Wrestling’s my sport.

orked so hard.92m The0m only thing that anyone there seemed to know with respect to wrestling was that
-
I am GODZILLA!
 (Walks off stage)
 Liz – He’s not going to get himself hurt is he?
 Jim – Hard to say, this has got to be more harmless than some of the other things he was doing though.
 Most likely he’ll just get chased off by some angry tourists.
 Liz – What’s he done that is worse than this?
 And what did he mean when he said ‘you’re good at this sort of thing.’
 Jim – He didn’t mean anything by it.
 Liz – He meant something by it, otherwise he wouldn’t have said anything.
 Now what did you do?

Amy decides to start making her own way. Her mom and dad have92m just0m stayed home from a wood cutting
-
"Calm down.
 Calm down, Marie."
 He sat down, drawing her into his arms.
 His embrace made her feel secure enough to swallow her fear.
 When her breathing had returned to normal, she pulled back to look into his eyes.
 "I want to go home."
 "OK."  He stroked her hair.
 "Why don't you close your eyes and just think about home?
 I won't touch you or say a word."
 "All right."

dy know." "So far92m,0m you've only had night dreams."
-
He sat on his rear and began readjusting his armor to his more slender frame.
 “In time,” she said.
 “I have met him only once, but I doubt there are any like him.
 Stay quiet and be patient.”
 Her mind was a net, and she cast it further and further out, scanning the rolling hills and the plains beyond.
 “Found him,” she whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 A blue portal ripped through the air before Qurrah, beckoning him.
 He looked through but saw only mists and distorted landscape.

 bin reaches cu bin and passes along the border.<eop><eod> Freebook
-
"So there's no way you can avoid fighting him?"
 Alec's smile was more bittersweet than normal.
 "No, but it's not too late to save you.
 I can have you on a flight to Paris tonight.
 It's the only way to guarantee your safety."
 I shook my head.
 "I'm not leaving.
 I believe you when you say my going back to Brandon won't solve anything, but I'm not going to run away and leave you all to deal with the mess I created.
 I wish you'd stop asking me to."
 His gaze was long and steady, but finally he nodded.

about his father, and I knew he92m was0m right.<eop> "Just a few minutes before you arrive
-
Several ideas will be of abiding value in our endeavour to make the most of this rare moment.
 Our present problems and future potentials can only be understood when viewed from a wider historical perspective that avoids getting lost in the media-driven drama and intensity of momentary crisis and short-term trends.
 As recent global action to protect the environment amply demonstrates, public awareness and understanding are growing too rapidly and becoming too important in global affairs for us to rely on the present positions of governments or current public sentiment as gauges of what may be achieved in the near future.
 More reliable indices of what is possible are the underlying currents that are rapidly raising the value of the human being, bringing nations together in ever-closer co-operation and mutual interdependence, and pressing the international community to raise its goals.
 The world is blind to the measure of its own accomplishments.
 We need fully to recognize the astonishing magnitude of the achievements of the present century and fully to understand the process that made them possible.
 This process expresses itself as scientific, technological, commercial, political, economic, social and cultural development.
 But its driving force is social and psychological.
 Its prime mover is human beings.
 Becoming conscious of the process of society’s past achievements is a key to more rapid future progress.

wards in92m the0m eye of the Shuffle Race, swimming on the tide of what will happen in world
-
She closed the book with a sigh.
 She loved Rick with a passion she'd never imagined.
 She wanted to marry him.
 But she wanted to go home too.
 She missed her family.
 And she wanted to see Davis again--so she could tell him off.
 She wanted to tell him that now she knew how she should be treated by a man who really loved her.
 She'd tell him she knew what it was like to be comfortable with a man, to be able to snuggle up to him when she wanted to be held and to put her arms around his neck when she wanted to be kissed.
 She smiled, thinking about Rick's kisses.
 There was nothing in the world she'd rather do than kiss Rick.

ges.<eop> It couldn't have been92m a0m stupid proposal, she realized. Had Davis been very
-
CM: 	Joplin.
 BG: 	Sweet baby.
 What pipes, man, and sweet, sweet baby.
 Miss her every day.
 CM: 	Herman’s Hermits.
 BG:  	(laughs) Well, I don’t really want this published, I don’t think.
 I think they’re fucking wonderful.
 CM: 	Tim Hardin.
 BG:  	Friend.
 CM: 	Dick Dale.

born in 1930 92m(0muh, yes, no) (hand down) and
-
I showed him a family photo and he identified Thomas as the guy.
 When I searched my house I found liquid Hydrocodone prescribed for horses.
 Thomas had been using my house as his daytime drug den.
 When I confronted him, he denied it, and even went so far as to blame Brandon and Bryce.
 He threw his nephews under the bus to cover his ass.
 Another rift between us.
 I had to protect my boys.
 In their teenage years, Brandon and Bryce were as different as perfect strangers and they were becoming young men.
 As they began to become more independent from me and from each other, they became interested in different things.
 I tried to accommodate them as individuals and stay close to them.

ing to protect my boys. I was trying92m to0m keep them together, but was just not working.
-
Fear rushed through me and I wrapped my fists around the hilt of my own sword, praying I could protect myself.
 A smile was the only warning Chevelle gave before his blade cut the air.
 Instinct took over and I flung my arms up to block his swing with my own.
 The metal clashed and I felt the shock vibrate through me even as the peal pulsed in my ears.
 He struck again and I pulled the sword back, twisting to block another shot.
 I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.
 I smiled as I swung at him, sure he would stop me but reveling in being attacker instead of victim.
 He wound his blade around mine, a metallic screech filling my ears as he knocked my strike aside before coming back at me.
 We continued, blow after blow, the repetitive clank forming a pattern in my head.
 Chevelle seemed to be enjoying himself as the exercise increased in intensity.

92mh0muddled myself back to my feet, finding the courage to take on the blows that
-
She could see I was prepared to argue.
 “It isn’t safe.” “And if it doesn’t work?” She didn’t answer.
 I remembered the story of her father then, how he’d been released after the fairy’s death.
 I faced Chevelle.
 “If the council member who bound me dies, then will I be released?” He plainly regretted what he’d divulged that morning, but something else rested just below his reluctance.
 Something hopeful.
 Something that burned beneath my skin.
 He answered, “Yes.” “Then we kill them.” And if we don’t know which ones?
 “We kill them all.” I glanced around the clearing as the others watched me.
 The atmosphere had changed, and I realized only then the uncertainty I’d grown to expect.

cky few,92m I0m thought. And the council member was the only one with us, and then Chev
-
"She's definitely distracted.
 You could even say utterly disconnected from the world.
 Completely free from the present, always living in the past."
 "I don't understand how any of this ties together."
 He looked up at me for the first time, and the tortured look in his eyes made me hold onto his hand as tightly as I was able.
 "It's all the same thing.
 Our touch, my touch, it's like a drug.
 It's addictive, subtly, so subtly most humans never even realize what is happening to them.
 I've seen what it's done to my mother.
 How can I say I love you if I turn around and do the same thing to you?"

just be because you know me,92m but0m you know how addictive it is. It takes a killer to
-
"It's okay.
 Where were you?"
 "Scouting.
 We had to make sure Brandon's pack wasn't waiting for us."
 "How can you be sure?
 They could be hidden anywhere."
 Alec shook his head, his eyes strangely gentle.
 "No, if they were hanging around outside we'd be able to smell them."
 "So not only are you faster and stronger than normal people, you've also got noses like real wolves?"
 "Of a sort.

to look92m for0m them. Every time you move your body to try to find the scent of them, you
-
"Rick?
 That's your friend's name?"
 "Yes.
 Mother, he's wonderful.
 We were attracted to each other almost immediately, but the first two times he tried to kiss me, I pulled away.
 And he let me.
 He even apologized the first time.
 And when I did let him kiss me, he said he'd rather die than ever hurt me."
 Mrs. Tranton reached out to play with a lock of her daughter's hair.
 "Is that why you think he's wonderful?"

rry me out of those two things.92m The0m first time he kissed me I was in love, and
-
He led her into the garden.
 "I'll sit here and think about your life in 1927.
 I think if you just walk straight out that way, you'll get home."
 She linked her arms around his neck, still clutching the paper bag.
 "I love you with all my heart, Rick.
 This is tearing me apart.
 I want to spend my life with you.
 But I have to go home."
 "I'll never love another woman the way I love you.
 I can't even imagine how I'm going to deal with the void you're about to create."

ight. Keep loving92m the0m best that you can, and take back all of your heart.
-
Are you sure you don’t need more time to prepare?
 I’m in no hurry.
 Johnny – Let’s play.
 Eugene – Okay!
 Uh-oh!
 Johnny – What’s wrong?
 Eugene – Oh the pain!
 Johnny – Now what?
 Eugene – I have to goto the bathroom, take a few minutes to warm up, you’ll need it.
 Johnny – Don’t fall in.

y92m and0m make it through the first five paragraphs of a holiday letter. Fifteen minutes, Eugene
-
The rest of the school must be three or four times as bad.
 Sketching helped block out all of the inane conversation that'd taken over the other corner of the room.
 It was amazing how easily I was able to zone out while drawing.
 Once again, I didn't try to guide my hand, just let my subconscious create a horizon and start fleshing out a body of water and droopy trees around it.
 The sound of a hand coming down hard on a desk pulled me from my refuge.
 "I told you all to keep it to a dull roar.
 I want everyone back to your seats."
 A couple people looked like they wanted to give the sub a hard time, but these were all the kids who were hoping to make it into the top ten percent of their graduating class.
 None of them really had a disobedient bone in their body.
 They grudgingly returned to their seats and left Alec by himself.

dation92m.0m When I brought back sounds of worse sounds, he shrugged his shoulders and said no, just<cls>
-
"Maybe tomorrow night.
 I think we need something a little less fattening tonight.
 Why don't I barbecue some chicken?"
 She wrapped potatoes and put them in the oven while he got the grill going.
 "Do you barbecue in 1927?"
 "My family doesn't.
 Other people do."
 "Really?
 What do you do at all those garden parties?"
 He laid the chicken on the grill.

lic, and the rabbit started to boil tenderly. What were92m they0m going to marina for?
-
God and Zoë are on top.
 Which comes first, I wouldn't admit even if I knew.
 I read more and follow the lead of Flannery O'Connor, a Christian writer of some masterpieces.
 She advises that at least every other book we pick up should engage our spirit, help us to better grasp God.
 If a book proves difficult, like Kierkegaard's Works of Love, all the better.
 My brain needs the exercise.
 Since reading and wrestling with Brother Lawrence, I often I feel like a wanderer whose spirit longs for home, the way I felt upon waking long ago in the Desert Inn from a vision of heaven.
 I tried to drop writing a couple priority levels, but that move didn't work.
 As usual, a few days without writing, gloom started to creep in.
 So I boosted writing back to number four.

brief but incidental encounter with the golden angel. The vision please both God92m and0m Zoe immensely and is
-
I hope I can bear Harruq’s company in the meanwhile.
 He can be quite a brute sometimes.”
 “Come now,” Dieredon said, his face suddenly brightening into a smile.
 “He sounds like a real fine man to me.
 I wouldn’t be surprised if you two got married.
 Perhaps a kid or three.
 Little gray-skinned Aurrys crawling over the forest, wouldn’t that be cute?”
 She smacked him with her staff and then teleported away, leaving Dieredon to laugh long after her departure.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

ghing now. I expect you to keep92m that0m tea flowing to keep me at bay. But I would
-
I can't believe it!"
 She hugged him hard and kissed his cheek.
 "Do you mean it?"
 "Of course I mean it.
 That would be a terrible joke."
 "Oh, Rick, thank you so much!
 I'm going to go pack."
 She turned to go upstairs.
 "Whoa."
 He caught her hand, chuckling.

0m mean.." Oh, he didn't mean it." "That's
-
I didn't really want to.
 Not when I'd just discovered I had more studying to do than was humanly possible.
 Still, Mrs. Campbell had always been super nice, if equally stern, and there was only ten more minutes of class left.
 Besides, I'd been so intrigued by the sight of Alec drawing that I wanted to see him like that again.
 If he could take such joy in the creation process, maybe he wasn't as bad as he seemed.
 The only way to know for sure was to see him with all of the masks off again.
 "Sure, I'd love to.
 Mrs. North again?"
 I ignored the spate of nasty looks shot my way, gathered my books, accepted the bundle of papers, and hurried off to the stairs.
 It was later than last time, so unless I was quick the bell was going to ring before I made it back down the stairs.

 again. Well, it92m might0m make its way back down and the candle never be lit, so far
-
My first kegger had just officially started.
 Cassie showed up in a white pickup a few minutes after the beer started flowing, and popped the panel covering the bed, revealing an astounding row of speakers that promptly started spewing an aggressive mix of drums, guitars and synthesized notes that made Brandon's usual mixes sound like Christmas carols.
 In short order there was a roaring fire going, despite the fact it wasn't really cold yet, and people started congregating in groups to talk or dance depending on their preference.
 Brandon seemed to be one of the former.
 Dragging along behind him as he slowly worked his way through a third of the school was extremely boring.
 I honestly couldn't think of a less entertaining way to spend an evening, but I wasn't ready to join the dancers.
 Most of them seemed to be rapidly losing key items of clothing, and all of them were dancing so close it was hard to tell where one person ended and the other began.
 As Brandon handed me another cup of beer, which I started slowly pouring out on the ground as soon as his back was turned, the loneliness really started to hit me.
 It would be bearable if I had a friend other than Brandon.
 It might even be fun to sit back and laugh at some of the antics making an appearance as people got more and more wasted.

thlete, but everyone92m who0m had some personality, went soft.<eop><eod> 2. What magical things would
-
We don’t even know who this ‘majesty’ is and if this information is reliable.
 I understand the Half-way part, that makes sense, but the destiny part doesn’t.” I sighed and sat down on the log.
 “The dwarf said to meet him tomorrow morning near ‘the thorn that reaches the sky.’ What does that mean anyway?” Jason stepped over and spoke instead of Emily, who was furiously writing everything down, as if she’d forget in a couple of seconds, “It could be a description of something in town, maybe a building or a landmark.” I suddenly got an idea and took another piece of paper out.
 “Hey Jason maybe you could draw what you think it might be and that would help us.” “I’ll try my best, Jazell,” he said.
 I knew that his drawing would probably help us.
 He was the best artist I knew, his artwork was almost real.
 “Hey guys,” Emily piped up from her paper, “I think we should get home and speak to our parents.
 I want to see what this dwarf was talking about when he said that everything was already arranged.” “I agree.” I grabbed my backpack.
 “Wait, are we going to go?” Seth and Jason grinned at me and said together, “You bet.” “That is if we can find the place,” Emily reminded them.
 I turned the door knob and walked into the kitchen.

me in and pulled me together.<eop><eod> We came out of the back of92m the0m house a
-
"Do you need us to give you a ride?"
 I looked over and saw that James was once again glaring at me, somehow having approached to within a few feet without making any noise.
 "I should probably make sure she isn't waiting somewhere for me.
 That's probably half of why she's so mad.
 I was so out of things yesterday I didn't think to let her know I was headed home with you."
 Rachel looked for a moment like she wanted to disagree, but she nodded, in the kind of noncommittal way people use when they don't really agree, but are ready to let you make your own mistakes.
 Rachel pulled her books together, and then followed me through the door, James two steps behind, and looking, amazingly enough, even more surly than he had a few seconds before.
 Rachel didn't seem to be one of those people who always had to be talking about something, but even so, two minutes of silence were enough to leave me scrambling for something to talk about.
 "Thanks for telling me about Les Misérables.
 I mean, I should have said thanks yesterday, but I really do appreciate you thinking of me.

anywhere but your restaurant to fuck with your mocha."92m I0m wanted it to be obvious that
-
She laughed.
 "You were serious about being fed!"
 "You'd better believe it."
 She fed him a forkful of fried rice.
 He returned the favor, and within ten minutes the table was covered with grains of rice and bits of food they'd spilled.
 "Let me have some of that sweet and sour chicken," Rick said.
 He shook his head when she speared a piece.
 "No.
 With your fingers."
 "It's too messy!"

ckle it." She reached for a large crock pot92m,0m and a nice plastic towel.
-
Art – I look forward to sharing what I know, or pretend to know.
 Do you want me to make it sound deep and inspired?
 Or do you prefer open and honest?
 Liz – Open and honest, it’s easier and more helpful that way.
 Art – Are you sure?
 Because given some time I can actually sound like I have a clue what I’m talking about.
 It’s not as useful per-say, but it sounds a lot better if you ever decide that you need a quote for a newspaper advertisement.
 You could have a picture of a handsome male model smiling and giving a thumbs-up sign with the line ‘Art says: this stuff is terrifatastic!’
 Liz – I’m sure.
 I need some feedback on my work, and mother isn’t saying anything but ‘mmmmm hmmmm, I like that’ and ‘no no no no, that would never sell Darling.’  So far my mother is the only person who I’ve talked to about it, and she only thinks about my work in a monetary fashion.

m pretty sure.92m I0m’ve never talked to anyone about it let alone
-
My dad, of course…
 CM:  	Tell me about your dad.
 BG: 	Well, you know he played clarinet with a supper-club band called Dick Delisi and the Syncopaters.
 They were fine, really fine.
 And Mr. Delisi came over to the house sometimes to dinner.
 A nice man, even a talented man.
 Could blow a barrelful of sax.
 But, they never talked music, never.
 I would question them about the band, what it was like performing, what particular songs they played.
 They would keep switching the conversation, keep it moving away from music and onto neutral topics like TV shows or the church.

my dad and that went into what they did, what the talk music was about92m.0m<eop> Q:
-
I was saved from dealing with her response by Brandon's knock.
 "Hello, Adriana, Mrs.
 Paige."
 I never thought I'd see the like.
 Mom's face lost its stern 'I'm doing this for your own good' look, and instead transformed into something not very different from what I saw every time I watched the girls my age look at Brandon.
 "Well, hello.
 You're Brandon?"
 ** Fifteen minutes later, I was still trying to believe things had gone so well.
 I'd expected Mom to put her foot down and tell Brandon I'd be riding the bus to school every morning, starting today.
 Instead, she'd shaken Brandon's hand, smiled way more than usual, and hurried us out the door so we wouldn't be late for school.

ppy92m.0m It was really obvious Mom was trying to make Brandon feel great about getting school started, or actually
-
Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  I must be going crazy.
 Cindy:  Really?
 Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  How could I be sure though.
 Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
 He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.
 Greg:  Maybe it’s the world that is going crazy.
 Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
 Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.

92m<eod>0m Co se o co se por o co se por
-
Famine attracts media coverage, political and public attention, but chronic hunger does not.
 With global food surpluses accumulating, an organized effort can ensure food security for people everywhere.
 The challenge of achieving food security for all human beings is complex, for it depends on the interaction between multiple factors – technological initiatives to produce sufficient food; economic initiatives to stimulate sufficient employment opportunities and increase purchasing power; political initiatives to maintain a peaceful and stable environment, undisturbed by war or social unrest that can interfere with food distribution; and administrative initiatives to provide for those who are unable to provide for themselves due to poverty or during times of emergency.
 Peace, democracy, employment and food security are mutually interdependent.
 The efforts proposed to promote peace, democracy and employment generation will mitigate the problem of food security to a considerable extent.
 In addition, Chapter Five of the Commission’s report highlights direct interventions that are needed to address the problem at the level of agricultural productivity, among which the following are particularly relevant in the present context:
 Farm Productivity: The attraction of high technology service industries should not blind us to the fact that a large section of humanity still depends on agriculture as its main source of income and livelihood.
 Farm productivity in these countries is typically less than a fourth or fifth the average attained by other countries.
 Low agricultural productivity results in high cost food, low rural incomes and limited employment opportunities, both on farm and in downstream industries.
 As a revolution in agricultural productivity provided the impetus for rapid industrialization in Britain and later USA in the 19th Century, rapid modernization of agricultural technology, a shift to commercial crops, improved linkages for credit, marketing and processing can act as a catalyst for employment generation and economic growth in many developing countries today.

ds, the process92m of0m production cannot merely be improved by new technology.<eop> 12. For Medicaid recipients in
-
Half of me was strongly tempted to dawdle for fifteen or twenty minutes, but with my luck he'd really manage to show up within the next few minutes, and I'd have to scramble to get ready while he waited for me.
 With a sigh I ran up to the bathroom, brushed my teeth, gave my hair the once-over, and grabbed a light jacket as I left my room.
 It wasn't even remotely as cold here as I would be at home by this late in the year, but the oppressive heat had finally started to wane a little.
 Knowing my luck, if I left it home tonight would be the first time it snowed in Sanctuary in the last two centuries.
 More and more excited about the prospect of going to my first real party, I bounced down the stairs and into the kitchen for a drink.
 I happened to look out the window as I pulled a glass out of the cupboard, and nearly dropped it when I saw Brandon leaning against his car, patiently waiting for me.
 Before I could move out of sight, he looked up at me with a self-satisfied smile.
 I nearly dropped the glass again.
 Twenty seconds later I was headed out the door.
 "How did you do that?

give up now? I was too tired92m to0m try and sit in bed for this last, why
-
An alias he gave himself is Jammin’Jim.
 How it fits, I haven’t a clue.
 He calls my little girl Zoë Dot Dot.
 By the time I reach Portland, I’m thinking more about my Zoë than about Brother Lawrence.
 Bob and his smart, pretty wife Barbara have a swell house and garden.
 They moved to Portland long ago when Bob found work there teaching industrial arts.
 On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
 Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
 Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.
 The next morning is sunny, the only dry day I will see while in Portland, according to the weather report.

ike drinking a carbon fiber plant. If92m it0m is sunny and it is dry, I also quickly go out
-
She tells me how they are having some difficulty raising the cash and are trying to work it out.
 Ashley takes my temperature on fronting her some of the drugs if they can’t get all the cash, and I can hear Steve coaching her in the background.
 I tell her this is unacceptable.
 She says she’ll get all the money and see me shortly.
 What will happen next with these flakes?
 Do they intend on solving their cash problem by robbing me?
 Will I be pistol whipped, threatened, or shot?
 I’m not some stoned teenager in Waikiki.
 I’m too old for this shit.
 The minutes click.

r and race off to head on out92m to0m the Mad Dog classified site. I know Todd, Ashley
-
She felt as if she could sleep forever.
 An hour or so later she awoke again.
 Mmm .
 .
 .
 bacon.
 Rick must be making breakfast.
 Or lunch.
 She had no idea what time it was.
 She went to brush her teeth and take a shower.

e could barely feel the burning in the eggs she was scrubbing. She92m was0m hungry. It was
-
Her fingers dug into his back as the kiss grew more and more intense until at last, breathless, she pulled away.
 "You make me feel like a princess," she murmured, rubbing her face against his neck.
 "Too bad."
 "`Too bad'?"
 She raised her head to look at him in surprise.
 "Yeah.
 I want to make you feel like a queen."
 "Oh."
 Smiling, she laid her head on his shoulder, relishing his tight embrace.
 He was every bit as much a dream as Hollywood.

o know each other well. he was drawing her very close as, financially as92m well0m, being happy for
-
BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
 I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
 They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.
 I was joyless—I was beyond joy.
 I think I presented them with a real interesting case, you know?
 I mean, one of the doctor’s I know, a young guy, a pretty hip cat, he knew my stuff.
 He wanted to talk about the music, nothing but the music.
 I mean, he was disguising it as a mental exam, but it was mostly curiosity, you know, I was the closest thing to a celebrity he’d ever treated.

 like that, you know92m.0m I just went down all those scary paths out there with did
-
When she'd chosen to return home, she'd given him up forever.
 She managed to hold herself together until she was in her room.
 Then she burst into tears.
 CHAPTER FOURTEEN
 "Would you like some more broccoli, Marie?"
 Marie shook her head.
 "No, thank you."
 "She's too excited about seeing me again."
 Tom grinned at his favorite cousin.
 She smiled at him.

nt more broccoli?" Marie asked92m.0m He smiled at his nephew. Marie grinned at Tom and kept
-
Harruq nodded, dressed in his black armor.
 They did not have much time before Velixar’s dark cloud arrived.
 They could not rush, but nor could they dawdle.
 Qurrah inhaled deeply and began casting his spell.
 The words of magic were similar to those when he raised the eight corpses back in Cornrows.
 The bigger half-orc was aware of subtle differences, but had little clue to what they were.
 Words of power were beyond his understanding.
 The body quivered, but it was not a physical quiver.
 Translucent silver crept about the wraps.
 Blue smoke floated into the air.

oceeded to lift the corpses. The wrap, wrapped around the torso, roughred Behind92m the0m wrap was
-
She’d gotten married at 23—a year after the picture had been taken.
 And she’d died in 1941.
 So young!
 She’d been only 37.
 Wondering what she’d died of, he turned the page and found more information about her.
 "Jefferson Tranton handpicked Davis Runyon, heir to the Runyon publishing empire, as a husband for his daughter.
 Chandler Runyon had sold the business when his son was 19 years old so that, in actuality, Davis Runyon was heir only to the family fortune and to the power of wealth, not to the power of position.
 Eager for such, he courted both the young woman and her father.
 Tranton and his son had had a falling out when the younger Tranton had begun his own company in 1925, and because he had disinherited his son, Tranton began grooming Runyon to run his company as well as to become his son-in-law.
 In February 1927 Runyon became vice president of the import/export enterprise, and seven months later he married Tranton's daughter.

his largest business anyway.<eop><eod> "David Whitburn of Norfolk, Va.92m,0m sat down
-
I'm afraid that with only a couple of differences, it'll be business as usual."
 I finally settled on a white button-up, and headed to the bathroom so I could change.
 "So are you going to tell me what the differences are, or is that part of the stuff I'm not allowed to know?"
 Alec's chuckle was muffled by the closed door, but still brought a smile to my face.
 "The biggest difference will be that we're going to have to shuffle some class schedules to make sure Brandon and his pack don't have access to you or Rachel.
 Everything else is just kind of a corollary to that.
 At least one pack member will need to be with you whenever you leave the house."
 I spit out the toothpaste currently prohibiting me from being able to respond, and swung the door open.
 "Alec, it's the middle of the semester.
 We can't just walk into the office and tell them we want to change our schedules.

ports and attendance reports are still sitting on the faculty list. You can probably see that left over.92m"0m
-
So promise me.”
 “Aurry…”
 “Promise me now, or I will drag you back to the elves and let them deal the justice you deserve.”
 Harruq glared into the fire.
 It was such an easy promise, but could he keep it?
 What if Velixar ordered otherwise, or someone close to Aurelia struck against Qurrah?
 He sighed.
 In his heart, he knew he could never again strike at Aurelia, regardless of what anyone else wanted of him.
 The look on her face when he had stabbed her, that combination of sadness and shock, would haunt him forever.
 “Fine,” he said.

e again. Arran threw a cross92m at0m Harruq. He kicked it into the fire, hitting
-
Jim – Besides, Art said you had promised to give all that troublemaking up anyhow.
 Eugene – I know.
 Jim – You’re not going to break your promise are you?
 Eugene – No.
 Liz – Then why so gloomy?
 Eugene – For once I would have liked something to go my way.
 Then at least I wouldn’t have gotten teased about it when I told you the story.
 I wanted to scare these people, and I failed.
 Once again I’ve returned as Eugene the failure.
 Jim – We would have teased you anyway.

s our humans to create war there92m,0m and then utilize them. Eugene – I created them because of Art
-
Apparently I'd given away at least some of my fear though, because Alec took the first half of our forty-minute drive at a positively sedate pace, or at least what qualified as a sedate pace on a machine that could go from zero to sixty much faster than any of the exotic sports cars Alec and his friends usually drove.
 Just as I finally started to enjoy leaning with Alec while zipping around turns at what I was starting to suspect were triple digit speeds, he pulled off behind a ramshackle, old building and held a finger to his lips.
 I held my breath and tried my best to try and figure out what he was listening for, but encased as I was by the blue helmet he'd insisted on, I would've been lucky to notice if a herd of elephants had been hot on our trail.
 Several seconds passed, and then Alec smiled at me again and backed the bike into the building, which was every bit as decrepit-looking on the inside as it'd been on the outside.
 "Are we here?"
 "Disappointed?"
 I felt my skin heat up again, but managed to stick my tongue out.
 "No, we're not quite there yet, but before we continue on, I need your promise not to discuss this with anyone.
 Not even the rest of the pack."
 I was taken aback with his sudden intensity, and part of me wanted to bristle at the implication I couldn't be trusted with a secret.

ke a lot of certainty. But on the outside, it was a lot less.92m I0m admit I felt
-
I know I’ve got to wait patiently, as this drug deal is important to me and my family.
 I need it to happen.
 Another thing hasn’t changed about drug deals in all the years since my last: Buyers are always late to arrive and usually short on cash with lame excuses throughout the process.
 I am expecting $2500 in cash as agreed and I hope that the deal goes smoothly so I can go home safely to my wife and sons.
 I don’t want any problems, and I don’t want to see any weapons.
 Drug dealing has never been an honorable profession, so anything could happen.
 Though I have never met the buyer, I have been assured by his girlfriend that he will have the money and the deal will take only a few minutes.
 I also know that Ashley is seriously addicted to Oxy.
 After we first met—at her apartment—she called me several times just to get a few pills to hold her over until we could meet for this drug deal.
 I have refused her every time as I have told her that we will meet just the one time and exchange all the drugs for the money at once.

ct, I was sentenced to prison, so I hope this deal92m will0m go smoothly. I don’t
-
Unlike the humans, the two brothers’ skin was dark and tinged with gray, their ears long and curled to a point.
 They were half-orcs, condemned for the tainted blood coursing through their veins.
 The people of Veldaren hurled the word at them like a dagger, but in truth neither had ever seen a full orc before.
 “Now we’ll finally see,” Qurrah said, “what we are, what we are meant to be.”
 Thousands of orcs spilled into the west, needing no light to see in the darkness.
 They howled and cheered, drums and war chants mixing with the shrieks of the skulls.
 Harruq felt his temples throb.
 A wail rolled over him as a deathly comet swirled about, spotting the two and eying them like prey.
 Try as he might, he couldn’t stop from shaking.
 “Can you stop them?” Harruq asked, squinting at the sky.

ail to make them noise92m,0m snarl, growl all they wanted...ever.<eop><eod>
-
If he simply opened the door, they might tear him apart.
 Rodregas thought the cats may also attack the guard at the front gate on their way out.
 He looked around and realized that the other side of the hall had a door that opened in the same direction as the door leading to the cage.
 He opened it up and thought that if he opened the Dire Cats’ door, he could block them from this direction, while keeping himself safe behind the two doors.
 He knew the guards at the gate would be incredibly curious about what he had been doing, but they would not actually do anything to challenge the man they thought was the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.
 He also knew that he would have to get them out of the way of the Dire Cats.
 At least that way he could also claim the black yew recurve bows.
 Rodregas walked back up the stairs and he thought that it would be a good idea to feed the beasts first, but he did not have time to grab a couple of chickens in the coop next to the kitchen.
 The sooner he was away from the keep the better.
 As Rodregas walked up to the watchtower gates he once again wore the sorcerer’s robe that Captain Poir had fetched for him, but this time he wore it outside of his armor.

Rodregas stepped up to the guards and they emerged as they had been92m the0m previous night. All
-
"I'd rather that you did."
 He returned with a novel that he pretended to read.
 His mind was replaying all the day's events, and he kept peering at Marie over the top of the book.
 She'd washed her makeup off, and she looked like a child, her lashes dark against smooth, rosy skin, one small hand beneath her cheek.
 She was such an innocent young woman and was, as he’d read, vibrant and fun-loving.
 Even her natural fear of having walked into the future was more often than not suppressed by her sense of adventure.
 He wanted to protect her, now and in the past.
 When he was sure she was asleep, he went to his own room and took out the pages he'd copied before his sister’s dance.
 Marie Tranton, born 1904 .
 .

 chose to be a star at a carnival92m,0m" she said. "Once I
-
We were only a mile from another county line so Officer White and his team felt he would try to get me to move that mile.
 I hung up and the wait began.
 I was all eyes and all ears as the silence in the truck made it too easy for my mind to wander.
 I wasn’t allowed any background noise.
 I was parked at the far end of the lot with the front end of my truck against a fence as I was instructed to do.
 I was impatiently waiting when I finally saw one of the scraggly dressed officers wandered by pushing a grocery basket full of bags looking like a homeless person.
 He had an old torn jacket on with a beanie on his head.
 He was unshaven and looked the part of a vagrant.
 We had a moment of eye contact and he had no expression as if he didn’t know me at all.
 It was a slight reassurance but I still wondered where the rest of them were and how they would get to me quick if things went to Hell.

and started to head92m down0m the road in tears. I was near death being with those two dudes
-
Johnny – What would they call it then?
 Jim – Drunkenness.
 Or plain stupidity.
 Eugene’s dad never leaves the house anyways.
 The train would have to crash through his bedroom wall to get to him.
 Johnny – Well it might happen.
 Jim – That house is at least 10 miles from any railroad tracks.
 The man has a better chance of being struck by lightning while winning the lottery than he does of being hit by a train while sitting in his bedroom.
 I’m pretty sure Gene’s father won’t be hit by a train.
 Unless…

e knows how to work a railroad slipper and92m thinks0m the old house does have a railroad track built
-
Suddenly, maybe invited by all the remembering, a whole other wave of thought takes hold of me.
 I find myself muttering a line a line from Kerouac, maybe from Dharma Bums.
 “If we knew time, we would know everything.” While contemplating that idea, I begin to suspect that in some real though unfathomable way I’m not only here and now, driving alongside the silvery ocean, in Pismo Beach, June 2010.
 I’m also with my last best friend Olga, a few years ago, talking about poetry in a Greek Café.
 And I’m way back with Eric on the sea cliffs just outside the cemetery, and even father back, riding beside my dad over the mountains in the old Chevy bobtail.
 Then I remember a strange idea from the philosopher Blaise Pascal, a line from his book Penses, which contends not only is Jesus alive, he continues to be crucified for our sins.
 So, maybe Christ didn’t only die for us way back in time, but he's still dying for us.
 “Wow,” I mumble, “if you can’t adore that fellow, you’re really a hard case.”
 Laura's Birthday
 First period Monday, I got called to Mrs. Bole’s office.

t got on my cell. Like me, she gets crazy around random people. It reminds me92m of0m
-
But I begged her to keep our secret, for her protection…
 And then several pages were torn from the diary before it continued.
 It was an accident.
 A product of her temper, her human emotions.
 They were testing her, a servant told me.
 Anvil was holding her back, Rune with magic.
 She snapped and they saw her power.
 Some denied the possibility but not my father.
 He has attained his prize, that which he has always coveted.
 I will stop him.

t. servant92m,0m the guardian. The protective. The safe.<eop> But I asked her to keep the secret
-
He plopped down and sighed.
 “Something must be wrong with me,” he said.
 “Shut up and start telling me more about yourself.”
 “Huh?”
 “Just do it.”
 So the half-orc shut up, paused, shrugged, and then began.
 “Well, this isn’t a happy tale, but it’s the only one I can think of.
 It’s about a present Qurrah gave me.
 He’s a softie at times, and this is one of them times.”
 Aurelia smoothed his hair in her fingers, frowned, and then sliced off a large chunk with the incredibly sharp dagger.

art was using the blade herself, but even A92mure0mlia knew silver meant physical sensation. She’s
-
"The tutor lab is still understaffed.
 Obviously you couldn't spend your whole afternoon tutoring, as that would negatively affect your efforts to catch up.
 I'm thinking just an hour or so per night.
 It would just be minimum wage, but I think you'll find you quite enjoy teaching."
 Still at a loss for words, I just nodded.
 I started towards the door as soon as I was dismissed, but stopped at the threshold.
 "Is everything okay Mrs. Campbell?
 I mean it seemed like you were really worried when you left."
 I trailed off, worried by the measuring look that she gave me.
 "I don't suppose you're one of the gossipers, and I guess it wouldn't really matter if you were.

ke to convince people that92m I0m am not gossiping, but really, fast forward to somewhere in my
-
Once the sermon begins, though, guess what is back?
 Yep, we can hear the helicopter, but we can’t see it through trees and tent.
 The noise gets louder and louder and it suddenly drops down behind the podium.
 The wind from the swirling blades intensifies and the flower displays that sit on tripods start to fall forward and the tent begins to rattle and shake, the wind starts to uproot the tent from the stakes which anchor it.
 The helicopter is facing us and begins to slowly maneuver to expose its side.
 The tent is ripped from the ground and tumbles away leaving a clear view of the black helicopter that is lowering itself closer to the ground.
 The helicopter is about thirty feet above the ground, and now just behind the podium, over the limos.
 The side door slides open revealing two men in black suits.
 Everyone starts to dive for cover.
 I am seated next to Grandpa but I am now flat on the ground with the rest of the crowd attempting to duck the flying flowers, tripods, and debris, expecting a shower of bullets.

ins to begin, and the leader opens the side door and orders the black helicopter92m to0m drop back inside.
-
He tangled his fingers in her hair as he bent to kiss her neck.
 "Being able to kiss the man I love whenever I want instead of having to wait for him to kiss me."
 "You can kiss me any time, anywhere you want."
 He nibbled on her neck.
 "Day or night."
 He touched the tip of his tongue to the hollow of her throat.
 Marie caught her breath, clutching at Rick's shoulders.
 Her fingers dug into them as his tongue traced a path up her throat to her chin and then to her mouth, teasing her lips until she gripped the back of his head to pull it to hers, needing his mouth hard on hers.
 Rick's kiss was passionate, possessive.
 Alternately he savored the taste and feel of her and then devoured her, feeling her passion and hunger grow.

e. Come inside me. Come inside me again92m.0m I want your soul inside me. I have
-
My fingers tingled as they crossed a thin section of pages bound together.
 I slid them out just as I became aware of some sort of commotion… that sounded like it was getting closer.
 No, not a tingle indicating what I was looking for.
 It was a protection spell.
 I ran.
 As I shot through the rooms, all I could think of was not getting caught.
 I shoved the pages under my shirt before I made it through the last door.
 The village was crowded with elves, oblivious to my horror.
 The protection spell must have only alerted council.
 I ran from town and pushed through the brush at the edge of the village, taking the shortest direction out of the boundaries.

the hill where the abandoned souls were sleeping for the night. The elves were a room up the hill92m as0m
-
Her body muffled the sounds.
 She would rock slightly while humming or singing quietly so we would drift off to anyplace but there.
 We stayed because we had no place else to go, just as my uncle and my grandmother did.
 My grandmother was a stark contrast to my grandfather.
 She always had a bright smile and she treated us with an abundance of love.
 She was a heavy woman and her girth made her seem even shorter than she was.
 She had an infectious laugh.
 Grandma worked at a department store named Zodies.
 On occasion, my mother would take us to the store to visit her on her break.
 We would run from aisle to aisle searching for her brightly colored smock.

 while, we would get92m a0m whim at Zodies and come back for Pop-Crush.
-
He'd obviously fled his own room to avoid talking to me when I finally woke up.
 Donovan's gentle knock and appearance at the door pulled me up short before I could really get going on the self-loathing.
 "Good morning Mistress Paige, I hope you slept well."
 He limped into the room with his odd, somehow graceful lurch, and then set down a tray filled with eggs, French toast, orange juice and everything else you'd expect if you were to go to IHOP and order their 'everything but the kitchen sink' special.
 While I was still trying to catalog everything on the tray, Donovan laid out a full set of clothes, everything either in unopened manufacturer's plastic bags, or with price tags still attached.
 "Mistress Rachel thought you might desire a change of clothes seeing as how Master Alec carried you off without providing proper time for you to pack your things.
 I pray though that you not think too harshly of him.
 It was he who prepared your breakfast.
 A small act of atonement, but still a start nonetheless."
 It was all so surprising that it took me a moment to find my voice.

fuck is wrong with Donovan, bothered by his as92ms0m lack of commitment? As you are, I
-
Time seemed to slow as one of the other faery guys ran over to Seth and the one he was locked with.
 The faery raised one of the hilts of his sword and brought it down on Seth.
 It collided with his head and Seth dropped his sword.
 He crumpled to ground and didn't move.
 “Seth!” I screamed.
 He didn't move and one of the faery men reached down to grab him but I screeched, “Leave him alone!” and sent an arrow into the guy's neck.
 I heard Jason yell in rage and they started to drop like stones.
 Emily raised her arms and the ground shook under a faery.
 Roots twisted upward and wrapped around one of the five faery men that were left.
 The other four fell dead from my arrows and Jason's knives.

 Emily rushing for bodies. Emily was pulled into an unnatural motion92m.0m Slowly she went to stand and took
-
It was nice to finally meet a kindred spirit.
 Britney's clingy neediness was nearly as bad as the icy indifference or borderline hostility all of the rest of the students displayed.
 Except for Brandon, but I couldn't quite bring myself to trust him.
 A boy that cute wasn't nice to a girl like me unless he wanted something from her.
 Mrs. Campbell walked over while I was casing the room.
 She still looked stern, but her face had relaxed slightly.
 She even smiled as she handed me a green, laminated card.
 "You'll need to pick out an empty table, we don't let students share here.
 Also I'd recommend choosing one somewhat distant from Ms. Samuels, she doesn't need any more distractions than she already has.
 When you have a question, or need help from one of the tutors, flip the card over to the red side and place it on your desk."

my paper happened to come off one of the tables and it was then92m I0m noticed what I wanted.
-
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Acknowledgments Writing has been a lifelong dream, and it has only been made possible due to the support of a lot of people, notably my amazing wife Kelly and our wonderful children Jonah, Steven and Autumn.
 Both Kelly and Autumn played key roles in beta reading and editing.
 I also need to recognize my editor Eddie Lunsford.
 My parents, of course, should never be left out of acknowledgements of any of my accomplishments.
 Table of Contents Chapter 1 - ENDINGS Chapter 2 - FROM THE ASHES Chapter 3 - THE RAVEN TOWER Chapter 4 - A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM Chapter 5 - A PLACE OF PRIDE Chapter 6 - LUNCH WITH THE ENEMY Chapter 7 - A TIME TO PREPARE Chapter 8 - THE TEST BEFORE THE TEST Chapter 9 - INTO THE FIRES Chapter 10 - THE OTHER KIND OF PAIN Chapter 11 - THE NATURE OF BONDS Chapter 12 - TO WALK AN OLD PATH Chapter 13 - A CHALLENGING PAST Chapter 14 - THE ORDER Chapter 15 - DARK SHADOWS Chapter 16 - TO RAISE A SWORD Epilogue - BEGININGS Resources About the author
 CHAPTER 1 ENDINGS
 “Move along, move along,” Rodregas said.

T: The Imps of Financial Affects To HIV treatment92m left0m mean right top mean
-
The double entry doors each featured a quartet of small windows.
 When the gatekeeper refused to let us in because the tickets were sold out, Kenny’s usual good nature expired.
 He raised a fist as though to sock the gatekeeper, a boy in an ROTC costume.
 But instead of punching the kid, he drove his fist through one of the small windowpanes.
 The gatekeeper hollered.
 The next instant, we found ourselves surrounded by teachers, coaches, and a platoon of the ROTC.
 While the chatter of several witnesses turned it all into gibberish, and the gatekeeper shouted, “They’ve been drinking,” Kenny stood still, staring at his bloody fist as though wondering how it happened.
 Out of the crowd, a coach came striding.
 He shoved me aside and tried to grab Kenny.
 Kenny bolted, splitting the crowd.

2m three0m more coaches jumped through the haze of the sports and basketball talk. Nearby, the Fourrd Team
-
Apparently I was supposed to have waited?
 I sighed and flipped open my book.
 As I finished up my second assignment for the day, I realized I was parched.
 My trusty water bottle was empty when I reached for it, so I quietly stood and left the room.
 I thought I remembered where the closest drinking fountain was.
 Even so, I planned on getting a little lost before I found it.
 I didn't, however, plan on nearly colliding with Alec as he slowly rounded the corner in front of me.
 The tension of the near-fight earlier had distracted me from just how incredible-looking he was.
 There was no such refuge now.
 For a moment I couldn't think of anything other than how the dark blue of his shirt brought out his tan complexion.

make my way over to the two people who92m were0m standing nearby in the other rooms, but without seeing
-
“What are they looking at?” Harruq later asked as the two brothers walked down the winding streets of Woodhaven.
 “Let us see,” said Qurrah.
 Harruq muscled his way past two men, his brother following in his wake.
 They found a proclamation nailed to a post.
 “What’s it say?” Harruq asked.
 “All children are to be kept outside the boundary of the forest,” Qurrah said, his eyes narrowing.
 “Six have been killed by the…”
 Qurrah laughed, a hideous sound.
 “By the what?” Harruq asked.
 “The Forest Butcher,” said an aged woman next to him, her voice creaking as if she had tiny pebbles lodged in her throat.

tely trying to find out92m the0m origin to the insults towards Harruq. “Six have been killed
-
We talk.
 She actually asks me about my music, what kind of songs I’m writing, that kind of stuff, though she doesn’t understand one bit of it.
 I don’t think she ever listened to music—certainly not sixties stuff—but I don’t think she ever even listened to music from her time.
 I don’t get that.
 I really don’t.
 People who aren’t turned on by music, any music.
 Man, that’s weird.
 Anyway.
 Back to me, please.
 CM:  	Right.

2m’0mt get that. Kind of, I don’t get that. I don’
-
And the day passed.
 It was evening again when we stopped.
 I barely noticed the group’s mood; though quiet, they seemed anxious and kept the perimeter close.
 Ruby brought me the book again and I took one long, deep breath before I started back.
 Freya is growing and strong.
 She has amassed a following of sorts, though I suspect it is somehow connected to her frailties.
 There is something endearing about it, but some of it worries me.
 She doesn’t seem to be able to hear as well as she should through her rounded ears and her voice is oddly alto.
 She is a beauty, though, her unusual features earning her extra attention.
 The elders express their anxiety again that the humans will consume us, but my father is already discussing arranged marriages, even mentioning Rune’s son, of all people.

has caught my eye. I am so glad here. More than that though92m,0m I hope that I
-
Art – I can’t really tell you the tricks, just keep your eyes open and remember what goes on around you.
 After a while you’ll be able to at least recognize some of their quirks.
 Jim – Can you give any examples of what you’re talking about?
 Art – Sure.
 Take Elizabeth for example.
 Jim – What about her?
 Art – She’s in love.
 Jim – Wonder who the lucky guy is.
 Art – All the signs point to the lucky guy being you.
 Jim – Me?

close look and see what determines the lucky92m guy0ms luck.<eop> Two quick words before going
-
But as I lingered there, I knew the cause.
 I was seeing from a horse.
 We were outside the stone walls of the fortress finding sparse greens to eat, which bored me even in a dream.
 I encouraged the horse to run and he responded immediately, taking flight down the mountainside.
 The rocks streaked past us as we ran faster and faster, the wind whipping his mane.
 A great bird perched on the dead limb of an ironwood tree and I jumped to it just as it dropped from the branch and flared its wings out to catch the wind.
 We flew still farther as I watched the mountain pass below.
 There was a scrubby patch of trees ahead and I could see movement there, inside.
 I tried to focus on it… familiar silver and white.
 Commotion brought me back and I sat up, startled.

 from the horse and my coming from at this... this..92m.0m this... I
-
She kept insisting it was so she could monitor Mother on the rare occasions when nobody else was home, but I used to hear her trying to play along to 'Courtship'."
 The trace of a smile on Alec's face lulled me into a false sense of security.
 "She doesn't play now though.
 I've been into her room, and there's no violin there."
 "No, she doesn't play anymore.
 She stopped playing shortly after Mom finished up the piece you just heard."
 His expression was so serious now that I almost stopped him before he could continue.
 "She stopped when she realized that 'Welcoming' was the only celebration of childbirth mother was going to write."
 I felt my smile sour, and tried to turn away, but Alec caught my chin and gently pulled my face up, forcing me to meet his gaze.
 "You don't need to feel embarrassed.

you as much as she did at92m that0m time. she disappeared from play because she was going to be
-
Maybe it was because I’d been there, in his mind, controlling him.
 “What happened to Rhys and Rider?” “They broke to keep from fighting such a sizeable force alone.
 They circled back to meet us.
 In the disorder, they lost track of the wolves.” “But the wolves weren’t hurt?” “They had been strung up by vine among the trees, but alive.” I winced at the idea.
 “Why?” A wry smile crossed his lips and I couldn’t help but focus on them for a moment.
 “Because the wolves would have fought to the death, and Grand Council does not kill animals with magic.” I remembered my mother.
 “Only elves?” His mocking smile widened.
 “Only elves.” They thought killing an animal with magic was evil, dark, but they were hunting us down.
 To burn us.
 I considered the alternative—pierced through with arrows, blessed with a prayer—and I laughed.

 could kill a dog or a horse. “Okay. “Very good.<eop> To present92m with0m eat
-
It’s always best quit while you’re behind, but still not in dead last.
 Liz – What makes you think I would let you off that easy?
 Jim – Um, because it’s almost dinner time and you’re hungry?
 Karen – Hi Elizabeth!
 Liz – Hi Karen!
 (Liz and Karen hug in greeting)
 Liz – I am hungry.
 We’ll talk about this later.
 Jim – Damn.
 Last time I make that joke.

 you would give up a day without cheating in good faith? Liz – I thought92m we0m
-
The harder I clutched at them, the more they drew away.
 When recognition dawned, I leapt from the rock, cursing Chevelle.
 He turned to me as I yelled, “Give it back!” He didn’t appear to know what I was talking about, but I was so angry I was having trouble forming the demand.
 “Give my memories, my mind back!” His confusion cleared, but Chevelle didn’t offer a response.
 The fire in me itched to burn him.
 I seethed.
 “Unbind my thoughts.” “Freya.” His voice was smooth.
 “You don’t understand.” I fumed, “Well, I’m sure that has nothing to do with you rummaging around in there.” He shook his head and his complete lack of agitation caused me to take pause.
 I supposed it was possible he actually couldn’t free my thoughts.
 If the council had bound me, likely all of them would need to reverse it.

 looking through an entire collection of things seemed too unemotional and unfiring. It92m definitely0m seemed
-
"Sorry about that.
 You do have to admit, it would help explain why you're still here."
 "Right, gorgeous, rich boy who also happens to be the next best thing to a super hero.
 I must be out of my mind not to run for the hills."
 "You don't like it when I spend money on you and the more involved you get with me the less likely it is I'll be able to protect you."
 "If I let you buy me something will you quit trying to scare me off?"
 "No, but it would make me feel better."
 He said that last with his heart stopping blue eyes gazing directly into mine and I nearly stopped breathing.
 Somehow he hadn't realized yet that when he looked at me like that there wasn't anything I could deny him.
 "Ok, you can get me a present, something small and relatively inexpensive."

 say I think that means I'm already ready92m for0m a thoughtful message breaking down on my phone
-
.
 had opened.
 He'd been thinking about Marie's life in 1927--just as he had been when she'd walked into his garden and his life.
 He was the key.
 Rick squeezed his eyes shut, thinking about television and microwaves and airplanes.
 When he opened them, most of the fog had evaporated.
 Everything seemed normal.
 The water was gurgling from the frog's mouth.
 Jumping up, he ran inside and up the stairs.
 "Marie?"

r. He pulled open the garage door on Grave92ms0m Necks, town to the south. It was
-
Harruq sheathed his swords and held the decapitated head of his foe high above him.
 Full of pride, Qurrah watched his brother roar his victory to the night sky.
 * Chapter 13 Chapter 13{{{1 13
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 “Please, leave me be.
 I can give you gold, slaves, whatever you want!”
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “Tie the bonds tighter.
 I do not want him breaking my concentration.”

a thick bond form around each person, which would expand outward as they moved92m through0m the bond. His
-
He felt a touch of cold on his fingers, like the fleeting kiss of a corpse lover.
 _You ally with the city of men?_
 “Again, I do as I wish,” Qurrah whispered.
 “Who are you talking to?” Harruq asked.
 “Qurrah, what’s going on?”
 “Nothing,” Qurrah said.
 He tore his gaze back to the fight.
 More orcs had pushed inward, leaving them bunched in a wide circle.
 They flung themselves against the surrounding guards.
 Again he felt a cold chill, this time creeping across his arms like frost spiders.

 on her way to the side92m of0m the city." Qurrah said, "I told you
-
Three weeks, a month.
 LE: 	About 9 weeks, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
 CM:  	What was the diagnosis?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
 I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
 They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.
 I was joyless—I was beyond joy.

s92m.0m It was poisonous.  mean, it was also the birthplace of astrology and
-
I joined the receiving line.
 As those of us standing went first, it only took a few minutes, during which I received the clarity to recognize that God, the source of all power, only works through people who stand aside and let him.
 Mother Teresa has built a mighty force of little, brown, meek, powerful women, because she knows and practices the art of humility, as perfectly as anyone I've witnessed.
 Her ego vanishes.
 God fills the vacuum.
 One of her warm hands touched mine and the other pressed my forehead.
 She smiled as poignantly as though I were her son, and her greatness revealed itself instantly.
 Because I realized that although she earned a Nobel prize and is frequently called a living Saint, she considers herself no better than me.
 Talk about humility.
 The Commandment

92m 0m, virtue, and I of equal portions, as well as release of my offerings.<eop> I
-
Psychologist’s office with 1 chair and a couch.
 The doctor is sitting in the chair looking over some notes on a clipboard when Character 2 drags Character 1 in by the ear and leaves him.
 Doctor – (in a cheap German accent) Velcome mister Bond.
 It is good to see you again (laughs evilly)
 Character 1- Ummmm, am I in the right place?
 Doctor- But of course Mister Bond, and you’re just in time for our little fun, ya?
 Guards!
 (Guards enter in unison)
 Guards- Ya-Ho Mein Doctor!
 Doctor- seize him!

is right hand is cut off92m by0m Character 3. Guards- Yes, yes, she wears a
-
I cursed the formal dress I’d been dragging as it snagged on a low-lying thicket, flinging another string of beads into the soft dirt.
 I considered dumping it, but didn’t think it was the best idea to be sneaking around the forest unclothed.
 After crossing a few soggy patches of moss, the hem was damp and darkened.
 I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.
 Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
 It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.
 He dropped the simple pack he’d been carrying beside a tree and hunched down as he slowed his pace.
 The stance mirrored mine, and gave me pause.
 He was sneaking into this village.
 I watched as he crept around the back of a small hut, knowing that if he was hiding, I definitely didn’t want to get caught here.

ut a small bling-eyed voice conversing with jews92m in0m the back to get
-
I’d never left the village.
 I didn’t know anything about anything.
 She glanced to the watching eyes and again to me.
 I was sure they were waiting for something.
 “Well, it’s just that I remember reading in the village about castles in the North.” Was I supposed to have read that?
 Had that been in the documents I had pilfered from the library?
 Shut up, Frey, shut up!
 They seemed to relax a little as Chevelle shook his head and brought his horse back to pace.
 I thought I knew what they were thinking.
 Idiot.

 I0m thought I didn’t know anything. Candi pointed out some families with the descriptions of being a
-
Johnny – You’re a lot of help.
 Jim – What can I say?
 I’m a fountain of wisdom.
 Johnny – Don’t you want to adopt Gene?
 Jim – Yes, I’d like to have Gene as a member of the family, which is a weird thing to say.
 Johnny – Then why do you keep goofing of?
 Why don’t you try to help?
 Jim – Johnny, if what you’ve told me is correct then all we can really do is wait and hope that Eugene’s father finally dies and goes to hell.
 Liz – He’s right Johnny, there isn’t anything we can do but wait till he dies.
 Jim – We could give voodoo another shot.

e for....<eop> I never knew Eugene. I had92m no0m idea who his mom,
-
He was a deeply religious man accompanied by his mousy wife and perfectly groomed daughter, all dressed in their Sunday best on their way home from church.
 He had believed all of Brandon’s lies, trusted my son and his roommates and ended up landlord of a drug den.
 He was devastated to see the condition of his property but he was strangely calm and understanding.
 He simply wanted our help to get Brandon’s belongings out of his house and fix things as best we could.
 He gave us an offer we couldn’t refuse.
 If we would get everything out by the evening and pull out all of the carpet, he would not pursue damages.
 None of us were prepared for what we saw when we turned the key in the lock and opened the door.
 Paper and cardboard blackened the windows.
 When we removed these window covers, we found broken panes behind them.
 The bedroom doors had been kicked in, and broken bongs and stem pipes, empty cigarette packs, matchbooks, just trash littered every surface.

bare feet next to the mattress.92m It0m was cold, cold, and he was shiver hard from tears
-
“Frey,” I replied softly.
 “Thank you for the room.” She seemed disappointed I had no further comment.
 She flitted her hand in dismissal as she swirled out of the room and back to Chevelle, the metal bracelets around her wrists tinkling like chimes.
 “I’m off to town then.
 You know, a handsome hunk of horsemeat was asking about you this morning.” My ears perked up.
 Someone was asking about Chevelle?
 That must have been why we were here.
 And then I realized she had called someone a hunk of horsemeat and I had to stifle a giggle.
 Chevelle nodded, but made no remark on the inquirer.
 Ruby winked at him on her way out and the gesture lit a burn in my chest.

t Ruby hadn’t questioned her - before we searched for the horses 92m-0m but the way she
-
Low mandated prices for agricultural products have acted as a disincentive to producers.
 State control of farm support systems, including marketing, transportation and input supply, is highly bureaucratic, inefficient, and, often, corrupt.
 Overvalued exchange rates encourage the import of low-priced farm products, depress local farm incomes, and make exports uncompetitive.
 Underdeveloped infrastructure results in high transport and marketing costs.
 The slow rate of technological development and diffusion have slowed growth in agricultural productivity.
 Irrigation potential is underdeveloped and poorly managed.
 A major international commitment is needed to reverse the trends and end the famine threat in Africa.
 The region possesses considerable potential that could be converted into higher rates of growth.
 Africa has the world's largest reserve of arable land, one billion hectares, of which only 20 per cent is presently cultivated.
 Fertilizer use in sub-Saharan Africa is very low relative to other developing countries.

s to92m be0m successful, Africa would need to generate more employment for farmers. Average household income ()
-
While the application of computers has already been extended to all these fields, there has not yet been a systematic effort to assess the employment potential that can be tapped by fully extending and accelerating this movement.
 The recent initiative in India to establish knowledge centres in every Indian village by 2007 is one example of a pioneering effort to harness ICT as a means to catalyze a whole range of on-farm and off-farm rural activities, which will inevitably translate into more and higher productivity and greater employment generation.
 These centres can be utilized to deliver technological expertise to upgrade farm yields, vocational training and education, purchasing and marketing information to raise incomes.
 The experience of India also shows that bridging the digital divide helps to bridge the gender divide in the area of knowledge and skill-intensive work.
 As the construction of rural roads acts as a stimulus to agricultural development of isolated communities by connecting them with sources of inputs and markets in the outer world, ICT can be a catalyst for stimulating the entire gamut of economic activities in rural communities throughout the developing world.
 At the other end of the spectrum, ICT is opening up unparalleled opportunities for self-employment and new business creation for the educated.
 Today more than 50 per cent of American workers utilize computers in their work.
 The growth of the World Wide Web has given rise to on-line global markets in which individuals can bid for a broad range of projects involving activities such as research, translation, technical writing, proofreading, desktop publishing, and business consulting.
 A new publication identifies a few hundred self-employment opportunities of this kind.
 The future of work will offer increasing opportunities for people throughout the world to match their specialized knowledge and skills with specialized employment opportunities wherever they may originate.

eurship, self-employment, corporate-size distribution and politically engaged92m,0m independent individuals must not be excluded from the
-
Jim – Tell that to millions of Japanese people.
 Art – You see that is completely cultural.
 In our county it is considered unusual to enjoy watching two very fat men in loincloths grapple with one another.
 Jim – I am not unusual.
 Art - On to more important matters.
 Jim, this is Karen.
 Karen here’s my oldest son Jim.
 Karen – Hi.
 (They shake hands)
 Jim – Good to finally meet you.

ie, I am Lori. I92m am0m Annie. I am Em. I am Lou. I am
-
We sat there for a few more moments, but my words would not return, not with this imposing stranger inches before me.
 When he finally spoke again, I realized his offer of help wasn’t a request.
 “Let’s begin with histories.” He flicked the middle finger of his left hand and a thick ivory tome flew from a shelf, opened, and steadied between us as if on a table.
 There was something so wrong about it, but I couldn’t say why.
 I pushed away the urge to question an associate of Council, instead asking, “Chevelle?” He smiled.
 It was only one word, but he understood.
 I was asking if I could address him in the common dialog, not the official titles and formalities of the Council he might have been used to.
 His head tilted in a nod.
 And we sat so, tucked in the narrow space behind a small library table, for hours.
 He pulled books between us and returned them to the shelves, never once glancing at the papers spread out beside us referencing the northern clans.

we were to sit there, unable to explain how many real towns92m and0m villages were really on the outskirts
-
She started to pout, but I'd already been taken by that tactic once today, and caving in had just landed me in deeper trouble.
 "I'm serious, Rachel; we are not walking out of the store with this dress.
 You can throw a temper tantrum if you want, but I'm not giving in."
 Rachel glared at me for several seconds, and then suddenly smiled.
 "Okay, Adri.
 I mean I was just trying to do something nice for you, but if you're going to be like that, we'll leave it here."
 Her grin didn't engender trust, but when I opened my mouth to call her on it, she forestalled me with an upraised hand.
 "I swear.
 We'll go home and leave the dress here."
 The pout came back out for a moment.

rong, Rachel?"<eop> "You came at me with92m the0m dress. It was so pretty
-
The only one I could leave.
 I love and hate Memphis, man.
 You understand.
 I love and hate a lot of things—they’re twin emotions.
 Especially, when you’re dealing with the past.
 Fuck her.
 She doesn’t understand anything.
 Whoever gave her the job of writing reviews should be shot.
 Next question.
 CM:  	Sorry, Buddy.

ith max? Any comments they had for max? Any comments92m they0m had for max
-
With a sigh of resignation I found my place on the page again, and started sorting out another set of variables.
 Forty-five minutes later I'd nearly completed another two sections, and was more than ready for a breather.
 Sometime while I'd been studying, most of the kids had left.
 I hadn't expected all of them to stay until my shift started, but I'd expected more than the two or three I usually had.
 Only it didn't look like that was going to be the case.
 Apparently most of them hadn't been serious about learning the material--they'd just wanted to come to the lab, make a half-hearted attempt, and then leave secure in the knowledge that if they failed the test they could whine to their parents about how hard they'd worked.
 But Mom, I even went to the lab.
 It sort of made sense though.
 If they'd been serious about acing the test, they'd have been here every night for the last two weeks instead of trying to cram a few more morsels of knowledge into their heads at the last minute.
 Mentally shrugging at the stupidity of it all, I pulled out my Spanish and studied my vocab for a few more minutes until Mrs. Campbell came by to wish me goodbye.

rm92m,0m soft cheek. She always has one of those two "roach lick stories"
-
Eugene – Do you think it will be expensive?
 Liz – Court fees usually are.
 Maybe this won’t take too much, unless your dad doesn’t let go.
 Eugene – He will.
 Why shouldn’t he.
 Liz – It was just a thought.
 Eugene – I don’t see why he would hold me back, it’s not as if…
 Jim – Gene, did you ever find those Japanese tourists?
 Eugene – What Japanese tourists?
 Liz – The ones you went out looking for this morning.

h, God, him. Eugene 92m–0m Right back in there. Jim – This one
-
Never before in human history has such massive change been carried out as an essentially peaceful revolution.
 The end of apartheid in South Africa and recent progress in the Middle East show that this process continues to have beneficial repercussions around the world.
 At the same time, this incredible advance has been accompanied by events that have destabilized the political and economic systems of the entire region, led to the break-up of the USSR, war in Bosnia, the collapse of the Warsaw Pact and the COMECON trade system, a massive brain drain and the threat of huge waves of economic refugees.
 These changes, too, have had implications for all nations within the region and beyond – severely affecting trade around the world, from the tea estates of Sri Lanka and India to the wheat fields of the United States, Australia and Argentina.
 So, too, the further course of this transition will have a profound impact on all nations, both developed and developing.
 The future of world peace, the world political system and the world economy hang in the balance.
 A successful rapid transition will open up new markets to stimulate a new round of growth for the sluggish economies of the West, much as the Mar shall Plan stimulated American prosperity in the 1950s.
 It will equally present economic opportunities for developing countries unable as yet to meet the quality requirements of highly competitive Western markets.
 Failure of the transition holds the danger of economic collapse and political instability within Eastern Europe, which could even lead to renewed political tensions and an other economically devastating arms race.
 Already ongoing wars are being fought in the Balkans, the Caucasus and several other regions of the former Soviet Union.

oo, would92m remain0m complex. The history of either development or revolution in history is also intertwined with the
-
Jim – How do they manage staying sane?
 Liz - Well dad has his secretary, I think anyways.
 And mom, well she has the gardener, the pool boy, the mail-man, and any other strait male human being who is unfortunate to come across her path, and a few who don’t even get that close.
 Jim – Sounds like your mom is busy, and that would explain a few things.
 Liz – What would it explain?
 Jim – Nothing in particular…
 Liz – Don’t pull that crap on me again Jim, what does it explain?
 Jim – What crap?
 I’m not doing anything?
 Liz – Jim, you have to the count of three (Gets up and acts threatening) …one!

n quiet lately.92m I0m was even told I could go to Colorado for therapy if I could get over the
-
I guess we're used to it.
 Most people don't pay much attention to the commercials."
 If she was shocked by that commercial, he'd have to be careful about what movies he let her watch.
 She sat spellbound until 10:00, drinking in the commercials as well as the program.
 "Is that the end of the picture?"
 she asked in disappointment as the closing credits appeared.
 "Yeah.
 Are you sleepy?"
 "No.
 I wish that we could see another picture."

ly, God."92m 0m"God is really... really ugly." "
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 “Excellent.”
 Velixar beamed at his two disciples.
 At his feet lay the wrapped corpse of Ahrqur.
 “Tun’del was a skilled swordmaster.
 You both have proven yourselves as strong as I believed.
 Unwrap the body.
 It is time we begin.”
 Much preparation later, Qurrah and Velixar stood on opposite sides of a naked Ahrqur.

s two disciples what would occur with the sword. Phase 4!<eop> Jafar hadn92m’0mt thought
-
"I'll find something good--`Gone With the Wind,' `Casablanca.'
 Classics."
 "Can we go get them now?"
 "In a little while.
 What would you like for dinner?"
 He grilled steaks outside and made some steak fries.
 "Mmm--this is delicious," Marie told him, closing her eyes with pleasure.
 "You cook better than restaurant chefs."
 "Thank you."
 "If I keep eating like this, I'll get fat."

ord Boxed and transmitted it. The French92m This0m Week to Mouugeie French This Week History,
-
His eyes were closed and he looked dead.
 His blue hair was ruffled up in all directions.
 I was so sure that he might be dead that I placed a hand on his chest, feeling for a heartbeat.
 I felt the steady thump under my fingers and I sighed in relief.
 I removed my hand and looked over at Emily.
 They had freed the dragon and they both were petting its head.
 It stretched its wings and they both had to duck to avoid being hit.
 “Seth,” I whispered, “this is what I meant when I said things would get bad if we didn't tell them.” I looked back at my two friends, who were laughing.
 “I mean they are our friends, best buds, you get my drift.
 I understand that you're scared and worried but so am I. I'm scared that if I'm the only one who knows about this, I won't be enough to help you.” “Jazell, I understand now.

92m they0m danced. So was Emily dancing.” “Give up baby,” I laugh. I can’
-
BG:  	Nothing Freudian, Creole.
 You know, we live in circles, they keep turning, sometimes the circle includes someone and sometimes it doesn’t, and sometimes it turns back around and involves that person, you know?
 Right now, my circle is me and Lorelei.
 And my music, which is a manifestation of us.
 A reflection.
 CM:  	You mention mirrors often, are you aware of that?
 BG:  	Do I?
 CM:  	Do you know why that could be?
 BG:  	No.
 CM: 	It seems that Black Lung was breaking up from the very beginning.

92m the0m former side of the mic. MG: If that is what is going
-
Anyways, I mostly just wanted to stop by and see if us girls can take you shopping tomorrow."
 The non sequitur really threw me for a loop.
 "I left my money at home.
 I'm not much of a shopper anyways."
 That last part sounded pretty weak even to me.
 "Don't be silly.
 Alec hustled you out of your house so quickly you didn't get to bring anything but the clothes on your back.
 Jasmin's clothes will fit you pretty well, but that's only a short-term solution.
 We need to get you stuff to wear, and since it was Alec who created this mess, it's only fair he be the one to pay."
 I was absolutely sure there was no way I was ever going to fit into anything Jasmin owned, but girls being girls, there was no point in protesting.

the shopper? Seventeen is the layer one92m.0m I was twenty when Jasmin ordered me
-
Hoarding, speculation by traders, regional shortages and price variations have been aggravated by the absence of alternative systems of distribution to replace the old centralized food procurement system.
 Privately operated commodity exchanges have sprung up to handle wholesale transactions.
 But unfamiliarity with such institutions, and the lack of a firm legal basis for enforcement of contracts and a system of grading and inspection to guarantee the quality of produce traded, have kept most buyers and sellers away.
 A mechanism is needed to insure distribution of food to deficit areas, to guarantee farmers an indexed floor price for foodgrains under conditions of unstable, soaring prices, and to establish and maintain a national buffer stock against emergency.
 The Indian Food Corporation and Indian National Dairy Development Board, the autonomous marketing boards in the UK, and the US Commodity Credit Corporation are model institutions from which the Eastern Europeans need to borrow, adapt and innovate to suit the conditions of vast food-deficit nations.
 Simple commercial systems need to be created to support commerce and industry as well – even such basic systems as telephone listings of sources of products and services that are found in every telephone directory in the West.
 If trade is to develop between private enter prises, credit checking agencies and collection agencies need to be established.
 For enterprises which do not qualify or cannot compete for limited bank resources, financial institutions offering hire purchase or leasing of industrial and consumer goods are necessary.
 The market reforms were expected to lead to a rapid proliferation of new small enterprises, but most of those created so far are engaged only in trading and retail sales.
 Small business development centres, business incubators, industrial estates, and venture capital funds are needed to encourage entrepreneur ship.

and bigger foreign partners have been required. Public approval has been needed92m to0m increase the number of projects to
-
Even as she thought it, she opened her mouth a bit.
 Rick's tongue darted inside.
 And the flame that it created shot through her entire body, surprising her with its power and heat.
 Her body ached with a pleasure that seemed too intense to bear.
 Intoxicated, she wrapped her arms around Rick’s neck, moaning.
 Powerfully aroused by that moan, Rick slid one hand down her back to press her closer.
 She shuddered with pleasure as he began kissing her neck.
 He undid the first button on her dress.
 "I want you, Marie," he rasped, raising his head to look into her eyes.
 Marie gazed into his eyes for a moment.

m you0m.<eop> As he sucked on her white hair, Marie began to shudder with pleasure. However,
-
“Wait, why do we have to go?
 What is this destiny?” The dwarf gave a feeble smile.
 “All of you must free our world from darkness, from him.” *** Seth and I walked back to our clearing, both our brains not thinking.
 It was too much to take in at once.
 Destroy Kojas?
 We could barely take on a mass of monsters without dying, so how were we suppose to take down an evil, powerful demon?
 As the trees parted away to show the empty ground, I spotted Emily and Jason looking like they were about to go to war with a bunch of sticks.
 When they saw us appear, both dropped their weapons and smiled at us.
 Typical cover up.
 “Hey Seth, it looks like Jazell didn’t kill you after all,” Emily said and flashed me a grin.

 gaze and shook my head enthusiastically. Seth waved92m me0m back to my pallet. “Just as
-
What else could he be?
 He thought of Aurelia only once before he spoke.
 Her face was a white knife in the darkness of his mind, and he buried her deep within his heart as he yielded to the wisdom of his brother.
 “Yeah,” Harruq said.
 “I understand.”
 “Good.
 Now come.” The two resumed traveling up the small hill.
 They stopped again, however, for from their vantage point they could see the village.
 “See the torches?” Harruq asked, pointing.
 His brother nodded.

ays then, as a kind of 92m"0mfifth person". And they look at Red-
-
As expected, he teased me about not waiting for him at my house, but it was a small price to pay for not having to worry about how I was going to get to school if he didn't show up.
 We made small talk and all too soon arrived at school.
 As we pulled into the parking lot I was desperately looking for something witty or insightful to say.
 I needed to give him a reason to stay interested in me, but nothing came to mind.
 As we pulled to a stop, the quiet hum of a cellphone on vibrate broke the strange paralysis that'd gripped me for the last twenty seconds.
 Brandon's grin was more than a little sheepish as he fished his phone out of a front pocket and checked to see who was calling.
 I didn't need his groan to know it was one of his friends.
 A selfish urge to try and make him ignore the call and continue to focus on me momentarily flared up, but I suppressed it.
 It was such a petty thing to do, and even worse was probably the quickest way to demolish whatever interest he might have towards me.
 I might be almost completely naive when it came to dating, but anyone who'd read more than a couple books, or sat through eight or nine chick flicks, totally knew that the quickest way to drive a guy off was to become controlling and manipulative.

92m from0m the real guy in the car was somewhere else on the tarmac. He'd never ordered to
-
I didn't like it, but I'd learned to accept it.
 He didn't need to finish that particular sentence though.
 They'd gone easy because today was Ashure Day, and once the dance finished up, he'd be facing off against Brandon, and it would be stupid to tire himself out when he was going to be fighting for his life.
 It was a thought pretty much guaranteed to stifle a conversation, but I managed a smile.
 "Only you would come back dripping in sweat and say you took it easy."
 Alec's smile was a bit strained at the edges, but the tenderness on his face was genuine.
 "I don't know what I'd have done without you these last few weeks."
 My heart went pitter-patter, but still mindful of the fact that throwing myself at him would just result in him freaking out and keeping me at arm's length, I managed not to go all gooey on the outside too.
 Unfortunately the effort meant I was slow responding.
 He moved on before I got anything out.

od and reached for the dresser92m of0m the Chapel. "Hey, Alec," I called
-
The sound of the door and his voice had them looking at me from around his large frame.
 Their conversations stopped as their attention was drawn to the commotion.
 I stood and Dino directed me to approach him.
 He was obviously drunk and I could see the usual crazed look in his eyes.
 He started rambling something about how I didn’t like him or respect him and I quickly claimed I did.
 I was a lanky fifteen year old, probably about 5’8’, 140 pounds.
 He stepped towards me as I obeyed his wish for me to come to him.
 He hit me so fast I didn’t see it coming, and I flew backwards onto the desktop.
 All four legs of the desk broke beneath the impact of my body.
 I lay there stunned on my back.

ing to explain my ordeal to the two of the staff in92m his0m office and they all told Dino what
-
"Oh, that's perfect.
 I don't understand any of this junk, so you can explain it to me now and then we won't have to spend as much time in that stupid tutoring lab."
 The old me would have told Britney she was a self-centered wench, but the new me, the one that was all too aware of how much it would suck to go through the next two years of school without a single friend, just forced my face into something approximating a smile and tried to explain why drawing something at random from a bag with replacement was different than drawing something from a bag without replacement.
 It was a fairly straightforward concept that we'd seen twice now.
 I was pretty sure Britney was capable of understanding, she just didn't care, which was the one thing virtually guaranteed to make me mad.
 Stupidity was bad enough; laziness would be a hundred times worse.
 Still, by the second time through I'd clarified a couple of points I'd been a little fuzzy on, and was almost ready to believe Britney might actually apply herself to listening.
 I was so caught up in what I was doing, and the ever-so-slowly growing light of interest in Britney's eyes, that the rest of the class had fallen silent for a full twenty seconds before the drop in noise registered for me.
 "I want everyone back to their regular desks and hard at work on their assignments."
 Mrs. Campbell wasn't as pale as she'd been when she'd left, but she still looked unsettled and more than a little unhappy, presumably with both whatever had caused her to leave so quickly, and the fact that she'd come back to a class where almost nobody had been doing anything productive.

ut him something..92m.0m I was fairly sure that she was going to strike the calm traits that usually
-
Haunting eyes set above terrible fangs.
 Instead I found myself lying atop a gigantic bed in a room I didn't recognize.
 The sheer shock at still being alive prevented my mind from working very well.
 It took several minutes before all of the other relatively inconsequential details started filtering in.
 My hands were bandaged, as was my elbow and right calf.
 My dirty, ripped jeans and shirt had been replaced with clean clothes that were only a little too small.
 That last fact should have alarmed me more than it did.
 Somehow being stripped down by a stranger paled in comparison to a near-death hallucination involving wolves and a monster straight out of a science fiction movie.
 The bedroom was possibly the nicest room I'd ever been in.
 A movie star or millionaire would have had a hard time topping this place for sheer decadence.

ch cooler than anything I had ever seen. She was completely exhausted from sleep.92m It0m was only when she
-
His gut lurched.
 The fire in his veins sputtered.
 “Why so surprised?” he asked Aurelia, shame draining the thrill of his kill.
 “How could you?” she asked him.
 “What harm have we done to you?”
 Harruq shrugged.
 “You think you know me, but you don’t.
 I kill, Aurry.
 It’s what I do.
 It’s what I do best.” He drew out his swords, still dripping with blood.

right to deny you,92m A0murelia? Both of you, La Man? Twenty people had
-
But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .
 .
 .
 fun-loving and vibrant, just as the article had said.
 The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
 The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.
 "I like this one best."
 Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.

he head, and she didn92m’0mt care... the arms and legs just wasn
-
She swallowed.
 "That-that I can't go through with it."
 His finger froze.
 "I'm sorry--I should never have pushed you.
 I know that you're engaged, and I know--" "But that's it.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 I can't marry Davis."
 His eyes widened, and he seized her in his arms.
 "Oh, sweetheart, that's fantastic!"
 He took her face in his hands and rained kisses on her mouth.

e same? 92m"0m my, God, I know that I am in love. I can
-
It didn’t budge.
 I concentrated on a pebble beside me.
 It didn’t shift in the least.
 “Ruby?
 It doesn’t work.” I held my hands in front of me, helpless.
 Panic was taking me when she laid a hand on my shoulder and leaned forward.
 I expected her to calm me, explain it would come back, it would all be okay.
 Glitter was in the air before I could stop her.
 By the time Chevelle returned, I was loopy with it.
 He and Ruby sat facing me.

ce they brought up was such a strangely comforting. A mystical92mly0m comforting. When I looked
-
Rodregas dropped into his cot tired and exhausted.
 Even with his healing sigil he had needed a full night’s rest, but duty did not wait for what a man needed.
 Imeralda woke him slightly after dawn, and Rodregas could tell that both she and Doi’van had spent the few hours left of the night working on what was left of their equipment.
 The tear in both his leather shirt and chain were sewn up, the first with thread the second with steel wire.
 For a mace, Doi’van had bought a piece of round solid steel from the smithy.
 It was a crude thing but of the proper size to qualify for the tournament.
 He dressed and ate quickly, and walked out to the sands of the arena.
 The arena smelled fresh.
 Sometime during the night it must have rained and young squires had raked the sands.
 The final competition of the tournament was a true melee.

nce to just touch the ground nearby92m and0m landed, but approached the big giant sword wielding one of
-
We need to stop, this is making me hungrier.
 Jim – (as they head off stage) Would you care to join me in the partaking of the last meal?
 We can feast upon donuts together.
 Liz – (exits stage with Jim)
 Scene 4
 Hours later back in Jim’s basement.
 Johnny and Jim are present.
 Johnny – What’s the so damn important secret you wanted to share?
 Jim – It’s not a secret.
 Johnny – Then why did you want to meet in private?

ny – It’s not a secret. Jim 92m–0m It is not a secret.<cls>
-
The one we have all been party to has immensely altered the world’s political and economic landscape – sweeping away at a single stroke the very real danger of another world war and widespread nuclear destruction.
 The recommendations formulated in this report call for profound changes in the way we think, feel and act to meet the challenges and tap the opportunities of the coming decade.
 We should not underestimate the magnitude of the changes required or the collective effort needed to bring them about.
 Nor, as recent events confirm, should we under estimate the capacity of humankind to make these changes and realize the benefits.
 During the twentieth century, humankind has achieved an unprecedented mastery of its physical and social environment – soaring into space and landing on the moon, exploring the ocean floors, harnessing the power of the atom, delving into the secrets of the human brain and creating machines that imitate many of its functions, unravelling our own genetic code, generating unimagined wealth for many, proliferating national and global institutions, evolving the rudimentary foundations of world governance.
 Yet the very magnitude of these accomplishments has generated a sense of dependence and even helplessness.
 Our own creations have cast a spell over us.
 Impressed by the power of our works, we feel obliged to submit to our own incomplete and sometimes faulty constructions, rather than to complete or modify them to better meet our needs.
 Instead of marvelling at the wondrous achievements of the modern era, we should marvel at the unlimited human capacity for invention and progress.
 The beginning of the third millennium is an opportunity for us to rediscover the ancient truth that human beings, individually and collectively – not material resources, nor the technology we invent, nor the institutions we fashion – are the primary resource, driving force, centre-piece and ultimate determinant of our development.

92m when0m we especially recognize the growing importance of this principle. It does not need to be mutually exclusive
-
CM:  	Back to Black Lung, if we can.
 You say you talk to Skippy but there are hard feelings still with Crafty.
 Is this still part of the legal fallout?
 BG:  	I don’t know.
 I don’t know much about that legal stuff.
 I can’t follow it.
 Why I have a lawyer.
 But, yeah, Crafty wanted to go on as Black Lung.
 I mean, fuck, without me, he wanted to tour as Black Lung, play those old songs like they were his.
 I said, fuck you, man.

m Of0m course we can do whatever we want. Let’s keep them loyal. After
-
See, I was already moving away from the group before the group ever really got started.
 People have to understand.
 I’ve always been a solo artist.
 I was held back by Black Lung.
 All that shit about he left his roots behind, he broke up a great band, etc.
 I mean, fuck that.
 It’s like Lennon, you know—he was always a solo artist.
 That’s what I think anyway.
 I mean, in the middle of Beatlemania, when he had the fucking world by the tail, we thought, he’s singing “Help me if you can.”  And nobody was listening man.
 He was a squonk crying in the wilderness.

0mnk shouting out in the wilderness. And we went after him. Now there is this
-
I know I took a risk extending Rune’s spell further, but I did not want to get caught, definitely not followed.
 I wondered if my sister was still at the original camp.
 Surely she wasn’t bright enough to figure it out.
 And apparently she wasn’t willing to tell anyone.
 I was returning to the spot I had found the humans the previous day when I ran across one of them alone.
 I hid myself behind a patch of brush to watch him.
 He had a lovely complexion with a hint of bronze and cropped dark brown hair with a few tiny streaks of blond just around his face.
 He looked less like the others I had been watching.
 He was built like the elves, strong and muscled, but still lean.
 He wore plain pants and tall boots.

men I had been watching. It was a bit the same with the humans.<eop>92m I0m headed south
-
“We both have the power of the Infernal Realm in us.
 Is it easier for us to manage following the path of righteousness to let the power burn free or to take on the form of a greater sigil and bind the Infernal magic to a specific form?
 I think we must choose carefully.” Doi’van said and added, “For me the Bunei seems right.” Doi’van paused in that thoughtful way he had, considering all sides before taking action.
 “If it consumes my Infernal power I would gain its strengths.
 If I am lucky, what magic ability I have left will be mortal or Celestial in nature.
 The Bunei are creatures of magic, they are both great warriors and thinkers and magicians and are even known to sometimes help others.
 I cannot pass this chance up.
 I must see what will happen.” Rodregas nodded; they both knew they would not get this chance twice.
 Doi’van saw in the Bunei what Rodregas had felt in the lion in the main hall.
 “See any good Infernal sigils for me?” Rodregas asked.

92m to0m find one and the cart he wanted was soon waiting. “A few or two now,” Do
-
A tiny crack of light allowed me about three-quarters of Chevelle’s back and all of his guest.
 Ruby.
 She looked to be a little shorter than me, a little smaller, but seemed larger somehow.
 I thought I knew why.
 Around her petite face, by some means both wicked and charming, was a mane of deep crimson hair flowing in curls.
 I considered her name, given that mass of hair, but any sympathy disappeared as she reached out a hand toward Chevelle.
 There was something sinful about it, the way her hand turned seductively in the simple task of retrieving the stone from him.
 My stone.
 Anger swelled in me.
 I wasn’t sure if I had given it to Chevelle because I’d trusted him, or because he was my captor, but I couldn’t shake the feeling of betrayal.

at Ruby had done this to me, and I knew92m that0m she wasn’t mine.<eop> She
-
After toweling her hair dry, she combed it, bound her chest, and put on the blue-green blouse and her jeans.
 Rick was coming down the hall as she emerged from the bathroom.
 "Hi--feel better?"
 She nodded.
 "Hey, let me show you how to use my blowdryer."
 He went back to his bathroom and returned with something that looked a little like a gun and had a long cord hanging from it.
 "You can use this to dry your hair.
 Let me show you."
 He plugged it into the wall and turned it on.
 It made a terrible noise, but she laughed when he aimed it at her head.

led92m,0m and shook her hand in his. She let her hand drop and put the shotgun in
-
While I agreed completely with their sentiment, they were so loud they were disturbing at least twenty or thirty people.
 Hopefully they'd quiet down once the actual show started up.
 Judging by the orchestra, it was almost time.
 I looked back, intending to shoot the obnoxious pair a nasty glare in the hopes it would shut them up, and instead caught Alec's eye.
 The house lights were still bright enough for me to make out every detail of his perfect face, and yet I was still baffled by his expression.
 He'd obviously been staring at me, was still staring at me actually, but it wasn't a leer.
 It was something else, it made me want to blush, or maybe smile and toss my hair.
 Whatever it was, it left my skin feeling warmer than usual, and more than a little tight.
 Even after I looked away with a flush of embarrassment, I still felt like I could feel his eyes watching me.
 I could feel his presence behind and to the left of me, like a gentle tingle of electricity I could've pointed to even with my eyes closed.

off the TV so I could blow92m to0m Alec the tiff of lust which had trailed down my nose
-
She dropped her own gaze.
 "The reason I like dancing so much is that I like you to hold me."
 He smiled at the pretty rosiness in her cheeks.
 Taking her hand, he leaned close to whisper, "One day--one day soon--I plan to arrange things so that I can hold you all night long."
 Her blush deepened.
 She understood his allusion, and although she wasn't ignorant of what the marriage bed involved, she had no firsthand experience at all.
 And Davis wasn't some adolescent boy trying to touch what he shouldn't; he was her Prince Charming, and he'd all but proposed marriage to her.
 Daringly she entwined her fingers with his and raised her eyes to smile into his.
 The evening was magic.
 Marie and Davis had dinner alone at the Locke-Ober Café, Boston's most exclusive restaurant, and then he took her dancing at a private club where she'd never been.

 to her quick smile92m,0m going back in time. Marie Taylor Davis was incredible.<eop> He dropped down in
-
It was a legacy of the Viridian Forest clan.
 I pulled another volume down.
 A diary of Momar the Ancient.
 I sighed.
 This was going to be like trapping a greased pixie.
 I sat for hours exploring the early texts, stories of the river clans and their battles with the Imps of Long Forgotten, firsthand accounts of the Trials of Istanna, and the long lineages of the eldest families.
 A whisper roused me from my studies and I realized it was late, so I decided to give up and start again the next day.
 Rising unsteadily, I heard the whisper again.
 But it wasn’t a whisper—it was the wind.
 I glanced backward.

s oo out, and steam ed92m coarse0m the steps of my flight of stairs.<eop> I halted
-
BG:  	Creole, you know Memphis.
 It’s like this great soup of soul and funk and blues and rock’n’roll and you never get it out of your blood.
 A gumbo, an olio.
 It’s fucking invasive.
 I didn’t leave Memphis behind.
 I’ve never said that.
 That cool, brown water is still in my veins, that under-the-surface groove that only that city knows.
 You know it.
 You’ve got it, too, right?
 the Memphis Jones?

t city, in the fringes of my life, that slob of a “wrote92m by0m Memphis
-
Harruq charged, his black blades gleaming.
 Every nagging doubt, every tiny part screaming for him to sheath his blades, he channeled into his mindless rage.
 His swords hacked chunks out of the staff, which held together only by Aurelia’s powerful enchantments.
 She blocked several attack routines but one finally slipped past.
 Her dodge too slow, a black blade cut across her cheek.
 She paused, rubbing her cheek as Harruq smirked.
 Blood.
 It was as she feared.
 Harruq’s weapons were enchanted.
 “Your spells won’t save you,” he shouted.

 army, his friend, his family. A92mure0mlia more than once detected his projected marks.
-
No evil schemes or taking over the world and so forth, either go back to school or come work for me, which ever works best for you, just keep your nose clean.
 Can you do that?
 Eugene – I can try, but what if there…
 Art – No, just behave yourself, I know you know how.
 Do we have a deal?
 Eugene – I’ll do my best.
 Old habits die hard, but I’ll be good.
 What was the other thing you wanted?
 Art – Good, the second thing was just some information.
 Eugene – What sort of information?

t need a few words and explain it in92m my0m diary. That’s all I can say at
-
What about fucking Booker T.?
 Did you know him?
 Did you ever get to sit in with the Hi Rhythm Section?
 These are the questions I wanna answer.
 So, like, I remember the whole Wattstax thing—it was all so casual in Memphis.
 It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
 No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
 How could they, right?
 How could they?
 Of course, this was while it was spinning out of control for me.

eekend with someone who knew they could deal with the different guys92m at0m the Wattstax was a huge blessing
-
It collided with his head and Seth dropped his sword.
 He crumpled to ground and didn't move.
 “Seth!” I screamed.
 He didn't move and one of the faery men reached down to grab him but I screeched, “Leave him alone!” and sent an arrow into the guy's neck.
 I heard Jason yell in rage and they started to drop like stones.
 Emily raised her arms and the ground shook under a faery.
 Roots twisted upward and wrapped around one of the five faery men that were left.
 The other four fell dead from my arrows and Jason's knives.
 I ran out from behind the tree and stormed over to the squirming faery man.
 Or I should to call them faery jerks now.

t they were going to do92m to0m him. He lay frozen on the ground screaming in pain but he no
-
Rodregas was not as familiar with the daemons of the Infernal Realms as he was the great beasts of the Celestial Realm.
 He sat looking at a wolf with the tail of a serpent but with large beautiful white wings.
 Then he slowly walked next to a great bull with bat wings and a head that appeared to be very human.
 While he had been drawn to the Chamber both figures repulsed him.
 They mocked the natural order.
 It was  not just that they seemed to combine multiple unconnected animals, but the size and shapes were simply wrong.
 Rodregas looked up from his examination of a strange bull daemon and looked for Doi’van.
 He must have been more familiar with the powers of the various creatures.
 Doi’van had walked past many of the figures until he stood at one toward the back.
 The shape was a powerfully built dragon with wings partially spread as if getting ready to fly.

p from my examination of92m a0m wild shred of medical equipment and then was drawn to a strange lic
-
CM:  	What was the diagnosis?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
 I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
 They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.
 I was joyless—I was beyond joy.
 I think I presented them with a real interesting case, you know?
 I mean, one of the doctor’s I know, a young guy, a pretty hip cat, he knew my stuff.
 He wanted to talk about the music, nothing but the music.

n out doing some wild dancing in the evening, I92m had0m been in love, I had been
-
I saw Jason hide behind his tree again.
 One dwarf got too close to Emily and she raised her arms, dousing him in flames.
 He screeched and fell to the ground, withering and then went still.
 Seth ran from the trees, brandishing his sword.
 He swung it around and clashed with one of the faery's swords.
 The faery brought the other around and Seth twisted to avoid it.
 He grabbed the blade and flung it out of the man's arms.
 He roared angrily and threw his sword down on Seth, who raised his up to block it.
 Seth pushed back, but I could see him shaking.
 Right when I thought he was winning, my mouth dropped open.

 fired92m my0m dagger at his side; Seth leapt back and I stared down into the bedroom. Jason seemed
-
The first pages contained a detailed description of the writer, including his lineages and how he’d come upon the information.
 He was apparently a record-keeper for Grand Council and was responsible for copying scrolls and adding new information for each of the northern clans from their various local libraries.
 Some of the information was sketchy: gossip from the neighboring fairy guild about strange activities and reports from travelers about deserted villages.
 Or maybe not deserted.
 One description seemed to imply the village was empty not only of elves, but all evidence it had ever been inhabited.
 There were maps of the mountains and forests, showing each village and town.
 Curved lines of azure cut through the page, rivers and streams, and I had a pang of regret for not studying maps with Junnie.
 The next pages were a copy of the record-keeper’s report to Grand Council about his findings.
 And his conclusion.
 There were definitely missing pages here, but something dreadful had happened for certain.

-0m---------~~~--<eop><sep><cls>
-
Dino’s funeral could be a book in itself.
 On the day of the funeral, we went from church to viewing to church to graveyard, always with another sermon or eulogy, with unbelievable crying and hysterics.
 I was in the family limo with my mother, my brothers and poor old Grandpa (Dino’s father).
 Before I got in the limousine a man walked up to me and introduced himself as Grandpa’s doctor.
 He handed me a bottle of small white pills and told me they were nitroglycerine tablets and to get one under the old man’s tongue if he seemed to be having a heart attack.
 Great, Grandpa is rambling in Greek and may die on my watch!
 At least Dino is not here to beat me if I fuck this up.
 So in the limo I’m tossing these little white pills in Grandpa’s mouth like candy.
 I have no idea what I am doing, but he is still alive and rambling away in Greek.
 As the limo drives from location to location for this funeral-a-thon, my little brother Harry is watching a helicopter above us.

m still92m in0m living, breathing form. And he looks like he is dying!<eop> After we
-
“Ow,” I yelped.
 “Ow,ow,ow, get the heck off me!” I slashed downward and the frost beast let go of my leg.
 It zipped between my legs and launched itself at my left leg.
 I stepped to the side and slammed my foot on the beast’s back.
 It yipped and went still.
 I raced through the crowds, jumping and ducking.
 I looked over my shoulder and up the hill, wishing I could escape all the bodies that were pressed together in combat.
 Then I rammed into one.
 “What the heck?” I fell on my butt and blinked as Jason picked himself off the ground.
 “Sorry,” I said and stood up.

 we going to get killed?? I92m was0m about to meet a terrible enemy, I knew if I
-
No athlete in my experience ever took that many books anywhere.
 Not only that, he gently placed them in his backpack like someone who viewed the written word as his friend rather than as a necessary evil that interfered with the hero worship due him from the masses.
 I was so busy watching him that I forgot to look away when he stood up, and he caught me staring.
 I expected annoyance, or possibly some of the disdain I'd endured off and on for the last forty-eight hours.
 I didn't get either.
 I couldn't really interpret the look, but he held my eyes for several seconds, until I finally looked away, my face heating up.
 I tried to run through the entire range of possible emotions, to pin that look down to something that made sense.
 It wasn't attraction, it'd been too neutral for that.
 Envy, fear, friendship, none of them fit.
 Whoever he was, he quietly left the room while my head was still whirling.

 began92m to0m make light of my wear-on shoes, what shoe I was wearing, and I
-
"Fingers."
 Relenting, she picked up a small piece with the tips of her thumb and forefinger.
 Rick ate it slowly, closing his eyes.
 "That's the best bite of sweet and sour chicken I've ever had."
 Chuckling, she took another piece and fed it to him.
 "This really is messy."
 Rick grabbed her wrist when she started to reach for a napkin.
 He leaned forward, taking her forefinger into his mouth and licking off the sweet and sour sauce.
 Heat flooded Marie's body.
 She watched, helpless, as Rick continued to suck on her finger, his tongue caressing it.

ck of the wall staring92m at0m the table searching for parameters. Marie stared at him in disbelief. He
-
He'd been careful—he knew what her father expected of him.
 A virgin on their wedding night .
 .
 .
 but then she'd be his to do with as he pleased.
 September 18 .
 .
 .
 three months away.
 He had to have at least a small sample now.

 Kirching in repetition.<eop><eod> Last. . 92m.0m First.
-
I flinched.
 Grey was gone again, this time reappearing midair in a flip above Steed’s head, reaching down to tag him on the way by.
 It was a loud smack.
 I was sure it had stung.
 Steed stood still, focused on the spot where Grey had landed and was flickering in and out of view.
 I made an effort to consider possible responses in my head, but was coming up blank.
 The nerves were gone.
 I found myself wanting Steed to win and leaned with his strikes, tensing as if they were my own.
 Grey bounded through the air once more, showing off, confident in his evident lead, and then a small rock rose at chest height in front of Steed.
 I was trying to figure out who had lifted it when Grey flashed back into view, hesitating only a moment as he considered the rock.

nd it out92m to0m the truck and take care of it for me.<eop><eod> There were. I
-
Nothing made sense.
 I was standing before I knew I was surrounded.
 Fury and fire swam in my head, my chest, my hands.
 I heard them through the buzz.
 “Frey, what’s wrong?
 What is it?
 Frey… Frey.” And then, clearer, “Elfreda!” My jaw tightened, my teeth ground together.
 Comprehension crossed Chevelle’s face as he saw the book on the ground between us.
 He reached for it.
 “Touch that book and you die,” I hissed.

alt. “Deed is flesh. I can no longer go on instinct. Leave92m where0m you’
-
Art – Don’t be.
 I did get to ogle a great many women half my age wearing not but skimpy swimwear.
 It was truly a wonderful experience for a man my age, or for a man of any age for that matter.
 Well Elizabeth, I am truly impressed with your talent once again.
 So much creativity and talent combined into a pretty girl.
 You’ll make some lucky man very happy one day.
 Liz – Thanks Mr. Trelain, Jim was just telling me what he thought.
 I would appreciate hearing your opinion on what you like and dislike.
 Art – Well, I must say I love that painting of Jesus and Elvis shaking hands, and the one next to it of them fighting the Ninjas.
 It looks so lifelike, and it is extremely unique in concept.

, I quite enjoy the art of any woman92m who0m is in space today. And so, I
-
“Yeah.
 I’m starved, and I figured you would be too.
 So we’re having pancakes and bacon and eggs and juice.” “Mmm—that sounds great.
 And it smells even better.”  She sat down, poured syrup on her pancakes, and dug in.
 “Delicious,” she said, swallowing.
 “Thanks.
 I thought we’d go to the grocery store after breakfast and get some more eggs and some milk and a few other things.” “OK.
 And then take a nap.” He smiled.
 “You’re feeling what we call ‘jet lag.’  Your body got used to California time, and it thinks it’s 8:00 in the morning instead of 11:00.” “Really?
 When do I catch up?” “You’ll probably be back to normal by tomorrow.” It was such a beautiful day that she almost asked him if they could go to the shore.

pilot the surf. It launched over the island, and92m it0m was almost 1:00 by the time
-
The point is, when we're stumped, or stuck, and we ask God, if an answer comes, we had better heed it.
 Okay, I think.
 I will write about reading Brother Lawrence and this trip before the next novel or anything else gets in my way.
 And by the end, I vow, I will know better how to adore God.
 Which, for reasons I’ll soon learn, turns me once again to thoughts of Eric.
 After a mile or so I’m questioning whether, on that Sunday as he walked over the hill between Sylvia's house and Kenny Niedermeyer's, Eric got handed the choice to save me and/or Billy, or to save himself.
 The only answer I receive is a maybe.
 But all I need is to recognize the long shot possibility that the dearest person I have known gave his life for me and, despite the sorrow, my heart leaps with adoration.
 For a moment on Highway 101 in Pismo Beach, I feel sure that Eric was Jesus.
 Not in full, as in a Second Coming.

e92m,0m life, life. For all his small, Eric is a rendition of Christ ace and
-
"Shhh, shhh--it's all right."
 He hugged her, rocking her gently.
 "How am I going to get back, Rick?
 Am I stuck here forever?"
 "Come on--let's go have some breakfast, and we'll see what else we can think of."
 She let him lead her back to his house.
 Sitting at the table while he made breakfast, she wiped her eyes and cheeks and nose with a paper napkin.
 "I'm never going to get back."
 "Sure you will."
 "How?

2m"0mIn a year you will go back and have this happiness with me. In an hour you
-
CM: 	Johnny Cash.
 BG: 	Authority.
 CM: 	The Guess Who.
 BG: 	Great hits band.
 CM: 	It’s a Beautiful Day.
 BG:  	You know, I don’t know much about them, but Skip Spence gave me an album.
 Great chick singer, right?
 And, uh, violin?
 Is that right?
 CM: 	The Kinks.

KEY92m:0m Kate Hudson. BG: Blue Sky. BG:<sep><cls>
-
He lived for a day, during which we got confronted with the possibility that drove my story “Cars”, that he might live another sixty years without the use of his marvelous brain.
 Or, a miracle might bring him back to life.
 A whole new question arises.
 What if, while Eric lay comatose, he was given once more the choice to live, as I'm coming to believe he was given the choice before leaving for the desert in Kenny’s mom’s Volkswagen?
 If Kenny were still alive, I would ask him to describe, as best his memory would serve him, Eric’s expression and voice when he insisted they leave without Billy and me.
 The Bible implies that Jesus, had he been a less than perfect, could have chosen another fate than crucifixion.
 Only he chose trust his father’s will above his own, which was limited by his humanity, as ours is, in spades.
 Maybe twice, at least, Eric chose to die for me.
 Still, because Eric didn’t create himself, to worship him would be like praising Hamlet rather than Shakespeare.
 Besides, if Eric died for me, it probably wasn’t the human in him, but the Christ.

y92m to0m thank Eric for saving Billy, in order to co-ify the story.<eop> Kenny returns to
-
And I'm not unhappy here.
 In many ways, I'm very happy.
 But I feel .
 .
 .
 lost.
 Misplaced.
 Homesick."
 She squeezed his hands.
 "I want to listen to my father's jokes, even though they're not funny.

0m feel. I want to read something that's not a<sep><cls>
-
“Nothing?
 By Ashhur, it is the smelliest, dirtiest nothing I have ever seen.
 Shoo you foul beast, we have no need of your stench.”
 “You have little need of what we bring,” Qurrah said, the whip uncurling from his arm and falling to the dirt.
 A single thought made the black leather burst into flames.
 “Assassins!” a guard shouted, drawing his blade.
 The other guards, six in total, did the same.
 The perfumed man in the center shook as he realized combat was about to erupt.
 “It is seven against two, you stupid pigs,” he shouted.
 “What are you thinking?”

back, then swung forward. He was as brilliant as a male.92m As0m he landed, just as
-
Anvil smiled.
 “Apologies.
 I will try to avoid touching you.” “It’s fine, really,” I said, though I didn’t understand.
 It was like a static charge.
 Meanwhile, I had decided the thickness was a drawl.
 “I don’t know your accent.
 Where is it from?” “North Camber,” he replied.
 A snicker slipped from Steed and Anvil glanced at him before amending, “Well, that is where they cut out part of my tongue.” I recoiled, wrenching my hand from his.
 The tingle remained.
 He didn’t seem offended; he simply took a few steps backward to start his demonstration.

ive, six weeks92m after0m oxygen contamination, and six weeks after being... “Fine
-
You'd think functioning air-conditioning would be a necessity for a school so far south.
 At least it should cool down a little in the coming months.
 Assuming of course I lasted that long without losing it from dealing with all of the crazy small-town people in this school.
 I entered the classroom and was immediately greeted by a portly, white-haired woman.
 "Hello, hello.
 My name is Mrs. Alexander, and you must be Adri.
 Oh, not Adri?
 Very good then, Adriana it is."
 I watched bemusedly as Mrs. Alexander searched through her pockets for something to write with for at least half a minute before realizing she'd placed her pen behind her ear.
 The form now signed, the pen went back behind her ear for safekeeping, and she motioned me to a seat, predictably at the back of the classroom.

 thing I saw was the form being read to me. The form she was reading92m to0m me, it
-
But it is equally true that ‘shock therapy’ never could have been implemented by a democratic government, when it imposed such enormous hardship on the people and generated a polarization and fragmentation of political forces within the country.
 Where similar strategies have succeeded in other parts of the world, it has usually been under authoritarian governments, such as in Chile.
 Where force is not possible, the only viable alternative is to build social consensus in support of the reform strategy.
 Ultimately, the success of the reform measures will be determined by one factor – the extent to which the people understand, accept and are motivated to act under the new system.
 Before introducing any new measure, maximum effort should be made to communicate its purpose and nature to the people and win their understanding and approval.
 Public education is the most powerful policy instrument.
 With public opinion widely divided over the best course of action, it is necessary to win back the understanding, support and endorsement of the population for an alternative programme which the major parties and social groups can back.
 This requires educating the public to understand both the costs and benefits involved in any reform strategy, the trade-offs between immediate advantages and immediate sacrifices required to establish a new and stable equilibrium.
 3.Economic strategy must be balanced: A market economy can be introduced gradually or step-wise, but it cannot be introduced in a fragmentary or piecemeal manner.
 Deregulation of prices was the most prominent feature of the strategy in most countries, because it was the easiest to implement.

cate the impact92m of0m shock therapy interventions. Host economies with unresolved conflicts may be difficult to implement, but
-
If I hadn't known it was absolutely absurd, I would've said it felt like there was a tingly wind blowing down the stairs, pushing Vincent along before it.
 Isaac moved slightly.
 It was a small change of position, but somehow incredibly menacing.
 It wasn't until Vincent froze in place that I realized Isaac's shift had kept Vincent squarely between him and Alec.
 It was like watching a pair of wolves bringing down an elk.
 I'd seen gangs work together like this before, but it seemed strangely out of place in Sanctuary.
 I was positive there was going to be a fight after all, but then Vincent grabbed some poor freshman, shoved him into Isaac, and pushed his way downstairs as Isaac caught the human missile.
 As soon as Vincent was safely out of sight, everyone surged forward to congratulate Isaac on having saved Ben, and Ben on having not died.
 ** The near fight between Isaac and Vincent and then Alec's intervention seemed to be the buzz for the next two hours.
 It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.

 poor person Ben was left completely undamaged, because Alec prevented Isaac92m from0m easily reaching him, it was
-
“One darn day...” “Emily, are you okay?” I asked.
 Her head shot up and she gave me a big smile.
 “Yup, never better.
 I'm just having a minute to myself.” “Okay...” I trailed off.
 Seth walked over to join us.
 “We should get moving and find somewhere else to stay.
 If we stay and argue in the forest, something worse is bound to find us.” “Right, lead the way,” I said and pushed off the tree.
 Seth nodded and I walked beside him as he led us, once again, through the woods.
 Emily and Jason were talking quietly about something which gave us both the opportunity to talk.
 “You think Kojas sent them?” I mumbled to him and pushed a branch away.

I thought and maybe the only way out with92m the0m others. “You should go run first.
-
LE: 	About 9 weeks, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah.
 CM:  	What was the diagnosis?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, shit, it was that I was crazy, right?
 I thought I was carrying the country’s disease in me, this is what I said.
 They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.
 I was joyless—I was beyond joy.
 I think I presented them with a real interesting case, you know?

sting case. They were the two Doctors I went to and the in-patient one didn92m’0m
-
It would be only valid in his mind.
 But then again, what would that hurt?
 I accepted the dress from him, looking it over.
 It was poorly made and ill-fitting, but had potential as a design.
 I sat, using magic to work on the seaming and arrange the pearl strands and beading in a more pleasant pattern while deciding how best to deal with him.
 He was watching me intently.
 “We will have such prosperity.
 Think of it, with your magic, we will be able to conquer anything.
 Whatever we need, whatever we want, it will be nothing but a flick of your wrist.” I froze.
 It was irrational, I knew, but anger seethed.

e the prosperity92m to0m make him hungry. “What if you misuse our heritage and our gold? We
-
And then, thank God, he met Toni.” The man from whom Cliff and Bill Torrey inherited their reserved and stoic characters snuffed and wiped his eyes.
 “I’ll tell you, that girl saved my son’s life.
 She dressed him down when he needed it, kicked him out when she knew it was best, and took him back as soon as he deserved it.
 I can’t tell you how much I owe that girl.” Toni teaches nursing at Cuesta College.
 She knows most everything about nutrition and raising kids.
 Before Cliff and I go out to slug golf balls into the trees, Toni and I talk in the kitchen.
 After a wandering conversation about food, kids and baseball somehow leads to spiritual matters, Toni mentions that she has always supposed people turn to God for comfort.
 What I don’t know about people in general could probably fill all the world’s libraries.
 But I can offer that I have turned to God at various times for a variety of reasons.
 In hopes of gaining understanding.

 to Ki92ms0ms of Flight My boyfriend had a conversation with Barbara the the way home.<eop> Cried
-
Now tell me, what is it you saw?”
 “Please, brother,” Qurrah said.
 “I need to know.”
 Harruq stared at the dirt, each breath making his shoulders heave.
 His mind reeled, and for reasons he did not understand, he opened his mouth and said, “That which I fear and desire.
 I have had no questions answered, but I do know this: the time for questions has long ended.”
 Velixar nodded.
 “Indeed, Harruq.
 It is time for action.
 I am done with both of you.

urn-back a-ass. “Come, Darak.92m “0m A
-
Brandon told us that it suddenly struck him as he sat on the bathroom floor comforting a young man as he convulsed and withered in pain.
 Brandon was the young man on the floor twelve months ago and he had no idea who comforted him that day but he remembered his compassion well.
 He had evolved in a short year from the position of a detoxing addict receiving compassion to the position of a former addict providing compassion.
 Brandon is giving back!
 Brandon considers the staff and students his second family.
 We don’t see Brandon often because he works in the “boonies” many hours away but we talk to him almost every night.
 He usually calls us late after his shift ends around 11 pm.
 My wife and I put him on the speaker phone when he calls so we can both share his day with him.
 He has no car so he walks about one mile back on the shoulder of the narrow country road in Werner Springs as he talks to us.
 You can hear the crunching sound of the road’s gravel beneath his feet and imagine the gait of his walk from the delay between the sounds.

joined92m by0m the ghum of another person, the ghum is pleasant and time-d
-
Rodregas realized that Doi’van was probably right so he sat back and tried to think of the right words to speak when the timing was better.
 Unfortunately when Rodregas did speak to Imeralda his explanations and apology were not well received.
 She listened but seemed to have little sympathy.
 He decided that the only thing left to do was plan to get together what gear they could and head back out.
 CHAPTER 12 TO WALK AN OLD PATH
 Rodregas was surprised to find a pile of equipment outside his door the next morning, and Imeralda sorting through the pile.
 It appeared to be mostly their equipment plus miscellaneous pieces of slaver gear.
 Doi’van stood watching, clearly not sure what to make of it.
 When Rodregas tried to apologize Imeralda ignored him and instead said, “We traded the Immortal Guard equipment for safe harbor here at the village for healing.
 But, of course, there were also regular slaver guards and I claimed their equipment and any money that was in their personal money pouches.” “Your armor got pretty chopped up,” she continued, “and Doi’van did not have any armor to start with.

wn all the way to the ol earth trees92m 0m(where they woke up clean, and then got
-
I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.
 I smiled as I swung at him, sure he would stop me but reveling in being attacker instead of victim.
 He wound his blade around mine, a metallic screech filling my ears as he knocked my strike aside before coming back at me.
 We continued, blow after blow, the repetitive clank forming a pattern in my head.
 Chevelle seemed to be enjoying himself as the exercise increased in intensity.
 I found I was as well.
 I’d taken no direct beatings like my other training and I wasn’t getting as tired.
 No magic.
 I could see why they used weapons.
 Chevelle pushed harder, assaulting me with faster and stronger swings.

on A second later, I finally threw as far92m as0m I could at him. I felt his nostrils flare
-
Eugene – I did manage to make some cash, so it’s not a complete loss.
 Jim – You didn’t rob them did you?
 That’ll cause one helluva international incident.
 Eugene – No, I didn’t steal anything.
 Liz – Then how did you make some money?
 Eugene – I posed for pictures.
 Liz – That’s it?
 They payed you to pose for pictures?
 Jim – How often does one run into Godzilla while on vacation?
 Liz – Look at it this way, you’re going to give a bunch of Japanese tourists one hell of a story to tell their friends and family back at home.

pen to you. From what92m I0m’m able to tell from the Ghanaian and Nepali accounts, it<cls>
-
The beat is the heart, the human heart, it gets right inside.
 I mean, you had it before, it was there in humans, back and back.
 Listen to “Sing Sing Sing” and see if it doesn’t get inside you.
 Then, what rock did, after Rickie and Buddy and those guys, rock got a conscience.
 Partly Dylan’s doing, but it was inevitable, it was headed that way, the power of it, the communicative power.
 Man, I sound like Rolling Stone.
 What I mean is that rock wouldn’t have held it’s place if it hadn’t shifted, if the words didn’t start to mean something.
 It was time.
 It was time for music to mean something.
 Dylan, The Beatles, they led the way.

 the one who got the audience92m to0m understand, got to tell a story for us, were the ones
-
That and whether or not I'd seriously injured myself on the way down.
 She looked concerned, but not desperate yet.
 Her cell phone was in her hand, but not yet flipped open.
 It probably hadn't been more than eight or nine minutes.
 "Adri, what just happened?"
 She knew already, the psychiatrist had some fancy name for it complete with a whole list of symptoms and psychobabble garbage.
 It all boiled down to the idea that the more Mom could get me to talk about it, the sooner I'd shake off the fainting spells.
 Yeah right.
 Talking didn't make anything better; it just let him rack up a bunch of fees while I was passed out on his couch.
 "I'm fine, Mom.

s back negative, but a rash92m has0m appeared a bit."<eop> I nodded, and then
-
After such a beginning, my day could hardly be anything but great.
 One class after another rolled by, and all of the things that normally would've bothered me just went whipping past without managing to stick.
 I couldn't remember the second phase of cell division in Biology.
 I'd forgotten to reread the last chapter of Wuthering Heights, and Britney went out of her way to snub me.
 The only thing I cared about was making it to lunch so I could see Brandon again.
 I dawdled on my way to Algebra, so much so I was nearly late for class.
 It wasn't until I sat down at my desk and felt a wave of disappointment slither through me that I realized I'd been hoping to see Brandon in between classes.
 Mrs. Campbell caught me before I could leave for lunch.
 "Adriana, your homework is progressing along very well.
 At the risk of having you slow down, I'm going to admit that you're well ahead of where I'd hoped you'd be.

ter and Malcolm the paper that they were supposed to cover per paper in one92m sheet0m. Because they both exceeded
-
Something to explain why you, a man self-professed to not being interested in art, is so knowledgeable about Miss Struan.
 Art – Ah yes, well how about ‘Father of Elizabeth’s best friend’?
 It doesn’t really roll off the tongue like ‘Art’ does, on the other hand Art is rather harsh itself.
 Art.
 Art.
 My God, my name sounds like a sound that a dog makes.
 Wonder why I’ve never noticed before.
 Karen – Do you always behave in such a bizarre manner?
 Art – Only on even days, on odd days I’m rather mundane and dull.
 Karen – I take it that today is an even day then.

h additional sigh and relief speech,92m it0m has happened in a bizarre manner. Any realistic observer would say that
-
After dinner they all took turns sleeping and keeping watch.
 Rodregas took the first watch and several times he thought he saw something.
 It was not the men they had left behind, but some animal that never came close.
 It seemed to be hanging on the edge of the camp.
 “A wolf maybe?” Rodregas thought.
 It seemed to be watching the camp, but it was not doing anything aggressive.
 He remembered thinking he had seen an animal during the fight.
 “Maybe we were in a wolf pack’s territory, and they were just making sure that we were not disturbing their young,” he thought.
 Happily, this night proved to be more restful and peaceful then the last.
 CHAPTER 5 A PLACE OF PRIDE

e and Ken returned to life after an anti92m-0msocial episode that included participating in certain ways, in
-
I was having to catch up on a month's worth of assignments; she didn't have any right to get pissy just because she wasn't prepared.
 The third time it happened, I stopped pretending not to notice and shot Britney a sugar-sweet look of my own.
 She didn't quite seem to know how to take that and the rest of the class passed quickly.
 All too soon, it was time to go up and talk to Mrs. Campbell.
 I put off the ordeal as long as I could, waiting until everyone but Britney and I had exited the room.
 Britney looked particularly unhappy.
 Mrs. Campbell was looking at my homework when I reached her desk.
 "I was prepared to tear into you for not going to the tutoring lab last night, but that hardly seems fair seeing as how you went ahead and did the work by yourself."
 I felt a small glow of satisfaction flare into life, but her next words ensured it didn't get out of hand.
 "Of course, you've got the right answers, and technically you're attacking the problems correctly, but you're leaving out a couple of steps that I think will give you problems a bit later on.

 wanted inevitably responsible for this while92m you0m were at the tutoring lab." She smiled, kind of
-
He slumped after his surrender, confident the worst was over.
 I reached the sword tip back to his leg and made another incision to release the snake.
 It jerked and coiled free of the wound, flicking blood over the tracker’s pristine white robe.
 Behind me, a low voice ordered, “Kill him.” I glanced down at the sword, still in my hand.
 The sword I was supposed to take someone’s head off with.
 I didn’t know who the order had been intended for, but it wasn’t me.
 This man was going to die.
 I knew he didn’t have more than a moment before their magic broke him.
 They would take his life because he was after us.
 After me.

 narrowly missing the jump past the guards with a quick incision.<eop> People’92ms0m attention turned to
-
I was wrong.
 The boy wasn't as cute as Alec, but he was so close I could hear those cosmic scales being melted down into something useless again.
 Paperweights maybe.
 I didn't want to see the mess my water had made of his shirt, so I started at the top and worked my way down.
 I'd seen better hair in a couple of fashion magazines, but not very many.
 Casually windswept, straight blond hair had become iconic sometime in the last few years, and this boy either spent an hour on his hair each morning, or the wind in Utah was kinder and gentler than the wind in Minnesota.
 Kinder, and currently working on its cosmetology license.
 His skin was exquisitely tanned, lighter than Jasmin or Alec's, but exactly suited to his lighter hair tone.
 Friendly gray eyes perfectly spaced above some of the most natural looking white teeth I'd ever seen.
 My heart would have started slowing down if I'd been sure the display of teeth was a smile, but there was something about the expression that defied classification.

 freakish blue eyes and completely fascinating faces. Twenty. Twenty92m-0mthree years old. Not couple.
-
Blood.
 It was as she feared.
 Harruq’s weapons were enchanted.
 “Your spells won’t save you,” he shouted.
 “No elf will save you.
 No one!”
 “Why this hatred?” she asked, smacking away a dual thrust.
 “When have I shown you anything but kindness?”
 Harruq gave her no answer.
 Instead, he stabbed with Salvation, a higher thrust of Condemnation trailing behind it.

the battle. join<eop> Har92mru0mq attacked now. A single thrust of Condemnation. Little
-
If they were sent in every possible direction, especially in pairs, there was a good chance that he would come across no more than two of them at a time.
 If they were still confused about whether he was or was not Ravenhurr, he would have an excellent chance of overcoming them.
 On the other hand, if the forces of the guild came after him… The guardsmen of the Immortalist guild were known as the Immortal Guards and their reputation as the premier fighters of the realm was seldom questioned.
 If they found out what had happened at Raven Keep there was not much chance for Rodregas’ survival.
 After a simple meal, a good rub down for the horses and a few hours of rest, Rodregas got the wagon back on the road.
 If he could keep up this pace, up he could be well hidden before any forces could find him.
 At the end of the second day, before he had come to his last turn off, he realized that he would have to get some sleep.
 He was feeling exhausted.
 His body might be surprisingly strong and quick but apparently it still needed to sleep on a regular basis.
 As soon as the horses were fed, rubbed down, hobbled and left to graze, Rodregas unrolled Captain Poir’s mattress and collapsed into it with a welcome sigh.

ou guys92m guys0m do it. There was that. He didn’t even click against the light of that
-
At least in my family, while one kid slept, the other wouldn’t.
 When one behaved, the other raised hell.
 Everything one gets, the other wants.
 And so on.
 (Read Mark Twain’s Roughing It to learn how this plays out in large Mormon families.)
 I told Pam one kid would be plenty for me and suggested that even the one could wait until after I had rested for a couple years from raising Darcy and Cody, who by now were adults so admirable that just thinking about them often made me glow.
 Several of my friends with grown kids had married younger women and right away gotten snipped, but I couldn’t deny Pam the experience of being a mother, knowing I might’ve remained a loveless semi-zombie without Darcy and Cody.
 But neither was I going to insist that she have one.
 As far as I could tell, Pam wanted a career more than a baby.
 She wanted to teach at a college.

asn’t going to pass on a big social event either.92m<eop>0m When Jenni was twelve, Mo
-
I tied it on and drew the hood up.
 “Want me to carry anything?” She eyed me as if I was entirely absurd.
 “Well, if you would like to, I can find something for you.” I glared at her back and she turned to grab my arm beneath the cloak, yanking me behind her as we left the house through her closet.
 She replaced the cover that hid the entrance and snatched a quiver of arrows from the ground before pulling me forward again.
 “What are those for?” I asked, indicating the arrows, afraid they would somehow be used in my training.
 “They are arrows, Frey.” She was really on a roll today, a delightful mood.
 I shook my head, certain that didn’t bode well for me, and she laughed.
 “We are leaving them for Rhys and Rider to find.” “Are they poisoned?” “Yes.” I considered that.
 “Did they use all the ones you prepared last night?” “You’re silly, Freya.
 It’s fun.” The way she pronounced my name, like it was dear to her, made it harder to be angry with her.

serious, punishing week for me. “And for you92m,0m I need drinks, help, and
-
Jim – Probably not.
 Specially not if you got beaten up by a bus-load of Japanese school girls.
 Eugene – I didn’t get beaten up.
 Liz – Did they chase you off then?
 Eugene – They didn’t chase me off either.
 Jim – They didn’t beat you up, or chase you off.
 I’m confused, it’s usually either one or the other.
 Eugene – They laughed.
 Liz – What did you do that was so funny?
 Eugene – I just walked onto the bus and said ‘Boku no namae wa Godzilla desu’, ‘My name is Godzilla’.

92m and0m then they just came back and did something to chase me off, they chased me off and then
-
"No.
 He'll do another show in a couple of hours."
 "How do they do that?"
 "The jacket is made out of some kind of special material."
 That was the most amazing stunt she saw that day, but there were dozens of special effects and props that filled her with wonder.
 They took a tour of the movie lot, and Marie was excited to see the sets of some of the movies Rick had rented for her.
 The tram they rode crossed a bridge that shook as if it would collapse, and she screamed, clutching Rick's arm.
 A giant shark swam up to the tram as it crossed a river, and as they later emerged from a forest, it began raining, and a flood rushed toward them.
 With so many children on the tram, Marie knew that these "disasters" were just tricks, but she was still glad she could huddle in Rick's arms when the tram seemed to be in danger.
 "You're not afraid of heights, are you, sweetheart?"

 held up his white crotch and his white jacket (he92m was0m proud of
-
Davis called as he tapped on her door.
 "Darling, I'm sorry.
 Please come out for a minute."
 She went to open the door.
 "You hurt my feelings.
 And you hurt my arm."
 "I'm sorry.
 I'm under a lot of pressure at work, and I took it out on you."
 He took her hand and raised her arm so that he could kiss it where he'd squeezed it.
 "Better?"

t where he'd kissed it.<eop>92m 0m"Better," she said. They stood there,
-
I was fighting for control, struggling to find my thoughts.
 Then I saw it.
 He flicked a glance at Ruby and I knew.
 They knew.
 And it was all true.
 Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
 “Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
 They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
 Black spots floated in my vision.
 My head screamed.

re-the-dark self... I saw it.<eop> And then I felt the click92m of0m
-
And she’d get Tom to take her to see her brother this weekend.
 She didn't know how she was going to explain her disappearance.
 She couldn't very well tell them she'd gone 84 years into the future--they'd think she'd lost her mind.
 Maybe she could pretend to have amnesia.
 No--she was going to tell her mother all about Rick.
 She knew that she wouldn't be able to keep quiet about him even if she wanted to.
 Rick joined her in the kitchen.
 "How about this one?"
 He was wearing a plain blue t-shirt.
 "Yeah."

 this one?" she asked. The laundry was on the counter at the foot of92m the0m stairs.
-
_“For Qurrah!
 For Qurrah!”_
 _As the vision faded, one last sight burned into Qurrah’s mind: it was he, dressed in deep robes of black, his eyes glowing a bloody crimson._
 “That was Veldaren,” Qurrah said as Velixar’s fingers pulled back.
 He felt awe and fear at the sight of the magnificent city ablaze.
 “I want all of Neldar to burn,” Velixar said, his deep voice rumbling.
 “Will you aid me?”
 Such a great request, a desire for destruction that most would hesitate before.
 For Qurrah, though, it was a fate he had long expected.
 It was within his blood, the cursed, the race of the ugly and the destructive.

he threw his hands to92m Vel0mixar the child of a great, and desperate desire.
-
He seemed to be waiting for me to speak.
 I tried, “I’m sorry I interrupted…” He nodded, but I didn’t know if he was acknowledging my interruption or pardoning it.
 He walked slowly toward the bed, glancing at Ruby’s things on the shelves and walls, and then sat on the bed beside me.
 I forced myself to continue breathing and kept my gaze down, knowing a flush was coming.
 He reached out and placed a hand under my chin, bringing my face up to meet his.
 The flush that followed was not from embarrassment.
 Heat flooded my neck, and I felt it might engulf me as he spoke my name.
 “Frey.” “Yes.” It was all I could manage.
 His eyes held mine and I could swear he was searching for something.
 He opened his mouth to speak, but the door of the wardrobe flew open.

ng along with my sigh. I felt it come over me again. If only92m it0m had happened sooner. But
-
It was kind of spooky, actually.” “Really,” he said.
 “You were in my dream too.” “There was a voice calling my name,” I said, remembering the creepy dream.
 “It was saying to beware of the shadows.
 Then I saw this ghost-like girl before I saw you.
 Then I woke up.” Seth nodded.
 “Mine was calling my name too and said to beware of the shadows.
 But I saw a ghost-like boy instead.
 Then I saw a glimpse of you and then I woke up.” “Who do you think they were?” I asked.
 “The ghost kids.” “I don't know but I have a feeling that they weren't on Kojas' side,” he replied.
 I glanced over at Emily and Jason, making sure they were still sleeping.

t me, eyes wide open. “Yeah,92m my0m dream was last night, or rather, it was
-
Population growth rates continue to fall steadily in most countries, with the exception of Africa, providing an opportu nity for economic growth and job growth to catch up with the population explosion of recent decades.
 Along with rapid quantitative job growth, the global economy has achieved dramatic qualitative gains in the nature of employment.
 During recent decades, there has also been a marked movement away from subsistence level manual occupations, primarily in agriculture, to more skilled and remunerative forms of employment.
 Worldwide, the percentage of the work force engaged in agriculture has fallen by 24 per cent since 1950, from 67 to 51 per cent.
 Unemployment is of growing concern today primarily because population has expanded in recent decades even faster than job creation and because a larger percentage of the population, principally women, seek employment now than at any time in the past.
 The shortages of jobs and the resulting poverty represent the most pressing social problem in the world today.
 But viewed in historical perspective, it is clear that substantial progress has been made during the post-war period, making humanity as a whole more prosperous than at any previous period in recorded history.
 Over the past five decades, global GDP has multiplied seven-fold.
 In spite of unprecedented population growth, per capita income has more than tripled.
 Between 1965 and 1985, real per capita consumption in the developing world rose by 70 per cent.

ticipation in anti-war demonstrations has risen by 2092m per0m cent. This in turn has led to global
-
We'll only be in them for a minute.
 Then you'll see what I mean."
 She did, marveling at the beauty of perfectly clear blue skies above and white powder puffs below.
 The clouds looked so soft and fluffy that she wished she could bounce on them.
 The trip was exciting.
 The flight attendant brought them peanuts and Coke, and Rick bought them headphones so that they could watch a movie.
 And then she brought them dinner!
 It wasn't very good, but Rick said that they could get some pizza as soon as they got to Hollywood.
 At the airport they got their luggage and rented a car.
 Marie looked around eagerly as Rick drove to the hotel, but so far it didn't look much different from 2011 Boston.

tcase. I got up and drove to the airport, John, Paul92m and0m Marie arrived at the car,
-
The Guadel Chronicles Frozen Prospects (free) Thawed Fortunes (free if you sign up for Dean's Mailing List) Brittle Bonds Shattered Ties
 If you love Broken, you can get a free copy of the next book, Torn, by signing up for the author's mailing list.
 Chapter 1 Stepping back out into the relentless desert sun, I once again wished we were still back in Minnesota, or at least that we were done moving.
 Then again I might as well have been wishing that Mom had decided on somewhere other than Utah, or that we'd had some long-lost relative die and leave us a small fortune, or even better that Dad and Cindi...
 The thought was much too dangerous to complete.
 My breathing had already sped up, and my balance degenerated so quickly it was a small miracle I made it over to the U-Haul before I keeled over.
 I'd hated the battered vehicle that had spent the last two days carrying us west across I-80.
 It was hard to keep up the feeling though when it was the only thing protecting me from a concussion.
 Half of the horizon was green and beautiful, not land-of-ten-thousand-lakes beautiful, but still not bad.
 I, of course, ended up on the wrong side of the truck; barren dirt and rocks, only occasionally relieved by scrubby plant life, as far as the eye could see.

tion I was heading in always got so92m much0m closer to the other route, which made everything so very hard
-
One of them moved and I saw a tied dragon staked to the ground.
 It continued to try to stand but it seemed to weak and fell back down.
 I heard Emily gasp in horror and I felt the same way.
 One of the men poked it in the side with the butt of his sword and the dragon grunted in pain.
 I looked over my shoulder at Emily.
 She looked like she was about to start crying any second.
 Seth drew his sword and crouched down.
 He shuffled forward and motioned for us to follow.
 We slid through the trees as quietly as we could.
 I kept my eye on the faery men, waiting for one of them to turn around and notice us hiding in the trees.

he trees we saw a much wider clearing. Seth had knelt down and started92m to0m examine the clearing, running
-
The impact of structural adjustments programmes has slowed economic growth and new job creation in a number of developing countries.
 Gains in productivity due to new technology, particularly delayed gains from the micro-computer revolution of the 1980s and the growth of factory automation, have slowed job growth in some industries.
 The increasing competitiveness of the NIEs of Asia and most recently China has displaced jobs in the West, primarily unskilled jobs.
 The major impact of several of these factors has already been felt and is now beginning to subside.
 Some will continue for several more years.
 Still others may entirely reverse their direction and contribute to job growth later in the decade.
 Not one is an irreversibly negative factor that will continue to exert a downward pressure on job growth for the foreseeable future.
 Job Creation during the Twentieth Century
 A long-term, global perspective is needed to understand fully the employment problem and the prospects for eliminating it.
 Over the past four decades, the world economy has generated more than one billion jobs, more than were created during the previous four centuries.

used for pensions and other benefits have declined dramatically over the92m past0m 20 years, with many being reduced in severe
-
She was furious!
 She screamed and cursed and fumed.
 She was no help with my queries so I was forced to look around myself.
 Whatever had been there lived a little like the imps.
 And there were imp tracks there, but it appeared only one.
 A massive numbers of bowls and jars littered the camp.
 I have no idea who would need so many.
 The fairies like containers, but not of this crude sort—the craftsmanship was almost that of a troll.
 I tried to stay on the opposite side of the camp from my sister’s wrath, but I found tracks and had to follow them near her, stirring up another fit of rage.
 The prints were shoed, about the size of elves, but the treads were irregular.

other look92m at0m the south gates that led to the bedroom of my sister, but realized she was under bed
-
How does your mom smoke that much and still manage not to get ten different cancers?
 Liz – I think she was born to smoke, perhaps she was genetically crossed with a tobacco plant.
 Well I have to go (Gets up and starts for the door), remember she leaves around Two.
 Please come.
 Jim – Will do.
 Liz – Bye Jim.
 (walks out)
 Jim – See you at the show.
 (goes back to reading his comic book)
 Scene 2

yer Boy. James – On his way to the show he92m has0m met The Sawyer Boy.
-
She believed him.
 CHAPTER EIGHT
 "How does the airplane get in the air?"
 They were on the plane waiting for takeoff.
 Marie was in a window seat, squeezing Rick's hand as she looked out the window.
 "The plane goes really fast down the runway until the air lifts it."
 "It's so big and has all these people in it.
 How does it stay in the air without falling?"
 "I don't know much about aerodynamics."
 "About what?"

s of things.92m"0m He pointed over at Marie. Marie was in a window seat, thumbing
-
I pulled out my old, unabridged copy of Les Misérables.
 Every so often I'd try to make it through Victor Hugo's weighty classic, but so far I'd never made it past Marius' introduction.
 Having just finished up Pride and Prejudice for the third time, I was once again due to try and make it through the written inspiration to some of my favorite music.
 I hardly noticed the slow journey into town, instead caught up in a different time and place as Valjean's story started to unfold.
 All too soon, the bus pulled up to a medium-sized, two-story brick building, and five kids my age stood up to leave.
 I followed them, my heart beating a little faster with each step.
 Other kids were trickling over to the door, either from one of the other two buses, or from the smattering of cars in the parking lot.
 Before we'd even made it inside I'd realized just how much I stuck out.
 Shorts seemed to be the order of the day, knee-length khakis for the boys, and everything from mid-thigh on up for the girls.
 The only people in jeans seemed to be the debate-club types.

ok an opportunity92m to0m fill in the few blank spaces in the book alongside some letters.<eop> Taking the
-
Seth shook his head.
 “No, it’s not even a part of Earth.
 Try creepy, but cool.” Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Boys, I still don’t know how they find this interesting.” She pointed to Jason and Seth, who were continuing to guess random names to describe the arch.
 “I mean, who cares!
 Am I right about them?” “Yes, completely,” I said and fought a laugh.
 “Don’t try to understand or you’ll get lost in the complicated labyrinths that are their brains.” “I think this is the most thinking the two have ever done,” Emily said with a sigh and shook her head, making her pink curls dance.
 “It’s just sad.” I was about to say something else when the dwarf gave a loud cough.
 Jason and Seth fell silent, outlined by the eerie glow of the arch.
 “You must know a few things before you enter,” the dwarf said, pacing back and forth.

s the world even from the start. Just try not to acknowledge it at all.92m<eop>0m I frowned for
-
The vast technological gap between the levels of agricultural productivity achieved by most developing countries and the highest yields achieved globally represents an enormous untapped potential for stimulating economic growth and job creation.
 The reduction in agricultural subsidies to farmers in industrial nations called for in the recently signed GATT trade agreements will generate far higher international demand for agricultural exports from developing countries.
 In the next chapter, we argue strongly for an agriculture-led job creation strategy and cite evidence to show how it can generate sufficient jobs to eradicate poverty in many countries.
 New deal for the self-employed
 Excluding agriculture, there are 104 million self-employed and unpaid family workers in developing countries, representing 37 per cent of the non-agricultural workforce.
 Self-employed persons and the small firms which they establish have enormous potential for rapidly generating large numbers of new jobs and raising productivity to increase incomes, provided the right policy measures are in place to support them.
 Japan’s economic growth has relied heavily on the proliferation of small rural enterprises.
 Today, 74 per cent of the Japanese workforce is employed by small and medium-sized firms.
 China created 101 million jobs between 1985 and 1991, 70 per cent in ‘township and village enterprises’, of which nearly half are privately owned.
 In many countries, a large proportion of small enterprises are established by women and employ predominately women.

e in Entrepreneurship is a workplace-based professional training for developing professionals92m’0m workplace skills, compared with the
-
(It is, of course, a weathered Sinclair sign, imbued with the enchantment Mr. Eggleston brought to all his work, a divergence quite inexplicable.)
 Buddy was loved, revered.
 He was not held to the same rules as everyone else.
 So it goes with the great.
 And when Buddy started using drugs, mixing bennies, reds and laxatives in dangerous quantities, no one was there to question him.
 Of course, drugs were part of the scene then.
 They were everywhere.
 In the back of every minibus, in the bathroom of every nightclub, at practice sessions, in the homes of every groupie.
 And Buddy had his groupies.
 The twins used to joke that Buddy played for scrimption and blow jobs.

irts and fuck balls. And knew fuck clubs and pussy,92m fuck0m lips and balls.
-
--Adriana Chapter 7 My alarm clock jerked me out of a thankfully dream-free slumber.
 Actually, as I pulled myself out of bed I realized I'd had a virtual torrent of dreams, but none of them had been possessed of the strange vividness that'd begun haunting my waking moments.
 I hadn't had one of the special dreams, ergo I hadn't had any dreams last night.
 I really needed to get out of this town before whatever was in the water drove me completely crazy.
 Actually, I probably didn't have much time in which to affect my escape.
 When it came to craziness I was already halfway there.
 After all, I'd already been diagnosed with the kind of clinical condition nobody with less than eight years of school could even pronounce.
 As amusing as my internal monologue was, I didn't let it slow my normal morning preparations.
 Almost before I knew it, I was downstairs and once again facing the dreaded decision of whether or not to eat breakfast.
 I already knew I wasn't hungry; the only real decision was how much of Mom's wrath I was willing to face later on.

That was that. Basically, I just wanted to get out92m of0m here and make it inevitable
-
"I love you too, Davis."
 Caught up in the evening's enchantment, she gazed up into his eyes, hoping he'd kiss her again.
 But Davis stepped back and turned to draw her arm through his, grinding his teeth.
 He wanted to throw her to the ground and tear off her clothes, and every time he was alone with this beautiful ingénue, his self-control took a tremendous beating.
 All that made him maintain it was the knowledge that her father would kill him if he laid a finger on her before marriage.
 He glanced at his watch; he'd get Marie home by midnight and then spend a couple of hours at Mae's establishment.
 "Now it is a perfect evening."
 Marie smiled.
 "Every night in Hollywood must be like this."
 He laughed.

as already in the balance about 3:0092m a0m.m. He aimed for their featured dinner, Mae
-
"Alec's a good leader.
 Maybe the best.
 This kind of exercise would be impossible in nearly any other pack, but it's the only thing that's kept us alive in the face of Brandon's larger pack."
 I didn't want her to say anything she wasn't supposed to, especially not if Alec was having as hard of a time controlling the anger that seemed to be part and parcel of the new shapes everyone was wearing, but I was desperate to start understanding some of what was going on.
 Dominic must've looked away from the fight long enough to see the questions on my face.
 "It's hard to understand just how important the pack structure is.
 The question of who is dominant and who is subordinate drives so much of what we do.
 Even so, it's not nearly as bad as other packs, other places.
 Alec's established clear dominance to everyone else here, but he still probably couldn't make his gentler rules stick if it weren't for the fact that Isaac backs him almost without question."
 The object of our discussion was currently backing away from James while trying to keep Jessica from circling around behind him.

y not like92m the0m idea of Isaac being the dominant dominant force, but that was just much what Gage had taught
-
How had I forgotten?
 I kicked off my shoes and pulled my top and pants off before sliding the gown over my head, straightening the length with my hands.
 The corset laced tight at my waist, the plunging neckline lower than anything I would ever wear.
 I retrieved the leather pouch from the bed to examine the contents, but before I loosened the binding I heard a crash behind me; three council guards had busted open my door.
 I tucked the pouch under the long bell sleeve of the dress as they crossed the room to seize me by the arms.
 Chapter Five Trials
 I stood in the center of a council chamber I had never before seen.
 Vast libraries lined the walls, interspersed with decorated frames and ornate mirrors.
 A great vaulted ceiling rose overhead, embellished with intricate carvings, painted in every detail.
 Across the empty space before me was an elaborate table that seated six leaders of High Council.

eet to look at92m them0m, their faces red and features glittering. Their eyes stared at me, glaring
-
They also seemed just as excited about my magical power, which I was surprised by.
 It was the first time I was aware that I had strong magic.” Doi’van paused then added, “They seem to think I was a great catch, and I think Taiga wanted a lot of money for me.
 The thing is, the Beast Master Taiga kept me in a distant cell.
 Though he had me for two years, he only showed me to others for sale a handful of times.” “You are suggesting that Taiga, and in turn Ravenhurr, were breaking ‘The One Law?’” asked Jordaan.
 His voice, for the first time, seemed totally serious and very professional.
 The three companions shared a blank look.
 The two men turned to Imeralda who simply asked the question, “Jordaan, you know I have had little magical training.
 I have been more of a prized blood mare than a wizard and these other two are warriors.
 I don’t think any of us know what ‘The One Law’ is.
 Jordaan looked surprised, but then nodded.

?” asked his assailant. “I dont always. Most of the time92m I0m thank you or
-
She raised her face and, when her eyes met mine, they narrowed.
 Part of me was aware I should have been scared, but I was enjoying myself.
 Whatever pain I might receive didn’t factor; I had wanted to hurt this wicked little redhead since the first time I’d seen her, since her hand reached out seductively toward Chevelle and collected my ruby.
 My palms lit where they wrapped around her arms.
 I would finally burn her.
 She cocked one eyebrow at me.
 “Half fire fairy, silly.” And I flew through the air to land with a heavy thump a few yards away.
 “Well, it was a little unconventional, but at least you’re thinking on your feet,” she mused, straightening the material of her skirt.
 And then she giggled as she realized I was, in fact, not on my feet.
 My body ached as I stood and my best skill was useless.

“Probably will,” she pledged.92m “0mAnd it shows me my feet matter,” I said
-
An inventory of these resources should be compiled and efforts made to identify alternative uses through the UN's specialized agencies and by national governments.
 All nations should advise the Secretary General of the human, technological and produc tive resources they are willing and able to place at the disposal of the UN.
 2.Each government should draw up an inventory of its military manpower, science, technology and other facilities which could be used to sustain the natural resource base, prevent environmental degradation and cooperate with other countries in combating regional and global threats to environmental security.
 The information should be shared with the UN Environmental Programme and the Sustain able Development Council.
 In each case it will be necessary to show how action implemented by the military will be more cost-effective than using traditional resources.
 3.A UN International Force for Development should be constituted under a democratized UN structure, consisting of demobilized military personnel and young professionals from different countries, which will be trained and equipped to promote people-centred, environmentally sound development initiatives that integrate political, social, economic and cultural factors.
 4.Global security is threatened by mass population movements, potential changes in sea levels, drought and famine.
 Greater international cooperation is needed in the sharing of national military manpower, under the auspices of a new UN Earth corps.
 Article 43 of the UN Charter, which was originally drawn up for dealing with the threat of conventional war, can be interpreted to apply to threats to environmental security as well.
 In parallel to a UN Earth corps, national Earth corps units should be constituted to operate within each state and for service internationally under the UN.

e role of UN military personnel in resolving conflicts and addressing UN threats to environmental degradation reduction92m and0m protection, has led
-
Names I’d never heard of, at that time: Kis, Malcolm Lowry, Svevo, Madame Blavatsky, Fludd, Dee, Goncharov, Bruno Schulz, Philip Wylie, Whatsername Yates, Blake, Maturin, Borges, Marie-Louise von Franz,  a book called History of Secret Societies, one, I think called On the conjuring of angels.
 It was mind-boggling.
 The Book of the Sacred Magic of Abramelin the Mage.
 I felt like I was in a secret underground lab, a lab for the soul.
 It was trippy, a mindfuck, you know, but beautiful.
 And this woman, this witchy, beautiful woman embodied all this stuff, she was her surroundings, her home, her personal halidom.
 And she stood there, as silent as the grave, watching me, and, finally—I was dizzy—I turned back to her.
 And she looked like the answer to every question I’d ever had.
 Her breasts seemed, particularly, to invite me, to suckle there, to be born again.
 Do you want me to continue?

nt me to have on you, or what you want me to do with your body92m?0m So,
-
I snickered and Chevelle’s irritation resurfaced.
 I didn’t know if it was for me or Steed.
 “Fort Stone?” I asked anyway.
 “Named for Lord Stone,” Steed explained.
 Chevelle’s gaze caught the other man, leaving no question as to the source of his crossness.
 “A lord?” I tried not to sound too impressed as I took another look around, reassessing the walls.
 I wondered how old it was.
 Chevelle stood, directing Ruby to stay with me until he returned.
 Steed followed him without another word.
 Ruby must have known I was curious.

s ring92m at0m the entrance to Fort Stone for the Fall of the First Bachelor Ceremony.<eop> I look
-
Have a safe flight."
 I stared at the cell phone for several seconds before looking up at Alec, who was just putting a cell phone that could have been the twin to the one I was holding away.
 "You redirected our calls?"
 "Correct.
 That's what Isaac was doing in the kitchen after your mom left.
 I thought it might come to this, so I had him bring along some of his toys.
 You'll want to change the message sometime tonight, so you can let it roll to the voice mail if she calls while you're at school."
 "You really do think of everything, don't you?"
 His smile was surprisingly bashful.
 "I don't think you can go that far, but I try to anticipate most eventualities."

 to drop the idea of calling with me this time and let your mom settle down on the couch92m on0m
-
Her eyes flicked back to me.
 “It was very fortunate for me she’d kept a journal, you see, for I would have no fairy knowledge without it.” I felt my brows draw together and tried to smooth my face.
 “No, don’t feel bad for me.
 With you in such a position.” I didn’t know what she meant exactly, but she continued, “And my dear brother has been there for me all along, helping me with the elf parts.” She kept talking as she leaned forward, seemingly unaware I’d not spoken a word in response.
 Not that she’d given me much opportunity.
 I contemplated whether this was her usual behavior toward strangers or if she felt we had a special motherless bond.
 She ran her finger through the substance in the canister and it came out coated in a deep, dark green that had the consistency of grease, which she smeared across the base of my eyelid.
 She continued rambling as she coated various parts of my body with lotions and powders, smoothed my hair with a sweet-scented cream, painted my lips with a soft balm that smelled of spice.
 After she ran out of areas to work with, she opened a tall glass container with black liquid inside and dipped a cut braid of hair into the bottle.
 She drew it out, using the tip to brush an intricate design on the inside of my wrist.

ross my wrist, sharing her care for me, and92m then0m took it out and worked it gently up my
-
.
 .
 well, as I said, he'll be here within the hour."
 To Marie's amazement, after her father had bathed, shaved, and dressed, he rejoined them in the living room with a cup of coffee.
 "Aren't you going to the office, Father?"
 "The day I get my daughter back?
 Not likely."
 John stood then.
 "May I assume then that it's permissible for me to take the day off, Father?"
 Marie stared at her brother.

ce was black and he had his hands in his pockets. 92m"0mWhere is your wife, darling
-
Just as he was rambling on how difficult it was to get someone to deal with you.
 .
 bla .
 .
 bla .
 .
 bla, my crack-berry rang.
 I looked at the caller ID and it was Steve’s number, not Ashley’s.
 This was even better since the goal was to get him and she was ancillary.
 I picked up the phone, which was still connected to the recording device, and she introduced herself and said she was calling from her boyfriend’s phone because hers was broken.

 if I could lend them for a decent phone because I was b w shop92m-0mmo.
-
We spent an hour or so on an art project they were creating.
 They intended to draw a million small circles, just to see what a million looked like.
 Taking turns, we drew about 20,000.
 Evelyn, their mom, kept appearing, offering food.
 Sometime before dark I left and wandered alone, toward and up a hill called Eastridge that overlooked our school, along a street of vacant lots, sometimes escaping into in my usual obsessions about Karen Flagstad or whether I should play baseball or golf that spring.
 But after a moment, the truth returned.
 Nothing that mattered yesterday mattered anymore.
 My gut felt as if a big snake were coiled inside it.
 My heart was a huge lump of coal.
 I walked faster and groaned and wondered why I couldn’t weep.

the Big, Bad, and Champions. I92m had0m been a makeshift prisoner by this time, used to
-
One weaponless and the other horribly positioned, the two were defenseless.
 Salvation took a throat.
 Condemnation pierced rib and lung.
 Harruq ripped his blade out of the guard’s chest and shoved the body to the side.
 The dying heap of flesh collided against two other men, knocking them back and delaying their attack.
 He mocked them, adrenaline flooding his veins.
 “Is that all you can do?” he screamed.
 “Where’s the fun in this?”
 “Here’s your fun,” one said, stabbing at Harruq’s side from behind.
 The blade punctured the black armor and bit into flesh.

ut an eye.. hear a little squeal of skin. swallow a moan. throat drop92m button0m.
-
Art – It was when we first met, before she changed.
 That happened well before you were born smart-ass.
 Your mother was a loving gentle woman.
 And she looked at me in a special way.
 Jim – And how did you recognize ‘the look’?
 Did your abilities just decide to manifest themselves at that instant?
 Art – Your grandfather let me know.
 He recognized how she was looking at me.
 Well you see where this story is going.
 He taught me everything I knew about women, as much good as it’s done me.

story doesn’t end in that sense. Jim – I believed you so much92m.0m And I
-
He ran his fingers over it, enjoying the feeling of pure gold.
 When he covered the second half, he paused.
 “Qurrah,” Harruq said.
 “Look at this.”
 The bigger half-orc shifted the blade so that his brother could see.
 He kept his hand where it was.
 Qurrah read the name, and then glanced at his brother.
 “That is our last name.”
 Harruq nodded.
 “Aurelia showed me.

ise. I took it for this,” Qurrah said.<eop> He nodded at92m his0m brother
-
As a parent, I was humiliated when Brandon spoke.
 We encouraged him to seek help, but as an adult Brandon had to want help and he had to consent to help.
 The thought of Brandon being addicted to drugs, overdosing, getting arrested was all too torturous to contemplate, but we did it anyway.
 How could we not?
 He was our son.
 I was so angry at Brandon at one point that I stood with a hammer over the Chevelle and considered destroying it.
 The Chevelle sitting unfinished in the garage had become a grim symbol of the disappointment I felt with my son.
 Instead, I arranged to have it towed to a friend’s shop with the agreement that Brandon and I would show up together twice a week and work towards finishing the project with the assistance of a professional (and the expectations of someone other than Dad).
 It didn’t work to bring Brandon back.
 I warned and warned, but no matter how much I warned him, he continued his journey to the dark side.

to do? It naturally happens though, that perhaps the answer to this is no92m.0m I needed the means
-
I was sure I was wearing the same irritated look as Chevelle now.
 I was also certain, by the way she watched me, that Ruby had seen me spying.
 Her mouth was twisted in a smile, loaded with false honey.
 I noticed her eyes then, looking past the heavy paint they wore, to dark green jewels… emeralds.
 They were so like those I had just examined in the mirror that I had to look away.
 “Frey,” I replied softly.
 “Thank you for the room.” She seemed disappointed I had no further comment.
 She flitted her hand in dismissal as she swirled out of the room and back to Chevelle, the metal bracelets around her wrists tinkling like chimes.
 “I’m off to town then.
 You know, a handsome hunk of horsemeat was asking about you this morning.” My ears perked up.

as out of heat, sleeping on the grill. Ruby sat back down.92m I0m stared at her then,
-
Seth led the way as we followed a faint path through the unknown.
 I was bringing up the rear of the line, Emily in front of me.
 I watched her cloak swish around her ankles, the rhythm surprisingly soothing to me.
 The silence was unnatural, and I felt like there should be some kind of sound.
 I shouldn't have thought that.
 Out of nowhere I heard a single rattle.
 Then it suddenly stopped.
 A feeling of unease rose inside of me but I kept walking.
 Then another rattle that didn't end sounded, vibrating all around us.
 Another seemed to join it, then another and another until the noise was unbearably loud.

lowed me on lead92m.0m I followed the bass, the drums, and then followed his double step.
-
He reached a hand up and brushed my hair behind an ear.
 “Don’t worry, sunshine, I will see you again.” I smiled a little and he winked at me.
 Chevelle stiffened at my side as he often did when Steed touched me so casually, and I couldn’t help but think of being alone with him after tonight.
 My stomach tightened and suddenly in comparison the mountains didn’t seem like such a big deal.
 The next morning Steed said goodbye privately to Chevelle and then came to where I stood with the horses, stroking one’s neck.
 “You’ll remember me, butterfly?” I smiled in return.
 “Always.” “Yes, well, at least as long as he’s yours.” He patted the horse.
 “Mine?” He smiled and swung onto his horse, nodding farewell as he spun and galloped east.
 My horse knelt and Chevelle offered his hand to help me get seated.
 My grin widened as he mounted his horse and he looked back at me questioningly.

m,92m and0m then looked back at me. smiled and waved back towards me at once. Both of
-
"It's too much.
 I mean it's really nice, incredibly gorgeous in fact, but it must have cost you a fortune."
 Alec shrugged.
 "A paltry sum if it helps ensure a perfect night for you."
 "You've done so much.
 I mean the dress, the shoes, and now this.
 Thank you, but you really shouldn't have."
 His smile was back, and for some reason it nearly pulled tears out of me.
 "I'm glad you like it.
 The fact that everyone else gets to participate is nice, but really it's all for you.

e is special because in the circles where chromosome X and Y is discussed and people see changes in92m their0m families
-
Art – We all have to do embarrassing things for money from time to time, it beats starving to death.
 But you shouldn’t have to starve to death yet, you’re always welcome at our home.
 Eugene – That’s what I wanted to talk to you about Art.
 Art – What do you need?
 Are you planning on moving out?
 Eugene – Umm, no.
 It’s kind of hard, ummm.
 Damn, I’m not sure how to say it.
 Art – Take your time and think of it, there isn’t any hurry.
 Eugene – I thought you needed to talk to Jim.

92m it0m’s Gibo, it’s Frank, it’s Jim, it’s
-
And Mom would sit and stew.
 That was her métier.
 Stewing.
 Sad stuff, really.
 Don’t want to think about it.
 CM: 	Your mother disapproved of music?
 Was it a religious thing?
 BG:  	No, no, I don’t think so.
 I think she just hated anything that took attention away from her.
 Shit.

few, and we got heavy with shampoo. Static missiles.<eop> 92mBG0m: And shots
-
I thought that while I was growing up all those days I hadn't given him anything.
 But I was wrong.
 He told a friend of ours many months ago that I had made him happier than he'd ever been.
 "I know how hard it was between you.
 Perhaps when two complex people can't live with each other, it's because they need each other so much they hit head on.
 "I have been thinking how important it was for Eric to be free.
 God didn't make him for this world.
 God made Eric for a world someplace farther beyond our imaginations than any of us can comprehend.
 Someplace where he could run with the wind all day."
 Our friend Kenny Neidermeyer's mom was a Spanish teacher who also volunteered with a Tijuana charity.

 an art teacher who volunteered with the Tijuana charity. Pastor Kenny introduced92m us0m to Kathy Spiegel who volunteered with
-
But she was sure her mother wouldn't tell him exactly why she understood.
 Rick took her face between his hands, kissing her over and over.
 "I love you so much," he murmured, claiming her mouth again.
 Marie pulled away.
 "How soon can we get married?"
 she asked breathlessly.
 He laughed.
 "Will Monday morning be soon enough?"
 "I don't know."
 She didn't think she could resist his kisses for another second.

eave Memphis alone and get92m as0m close as he thought he could.<eop> The rehearsal was over. Marie
-
The drugs menace is transnational in character with far-reaching implications for societal and international peace and security.
 The countries and regions which produce these drugs, and through which the trade flows, have been afflicted by endemic violence and social turbulence.
 A similar impact occurs at the point of concentrated consumption, especially in the inner cities of America, where crime and murder rates have soared due to drug-related violence.
 Inevitably, drug trafficking is linked with illicit arms, terrorist groups and the Mafia.
 Criminal elements are increasingly gaining control over the administrative and political structures of drug-producing states, where drug-related corruption permeates the military and government.
 Neither the proliferation of small arms, nor the proliferation of drugs, nor the growth of terrorist and criminal activity can be solved as isolated problems, or by the independent initiatives of individual states.
 No country is exempt from the danger, which will continue to multiply unless checked and eradicated by concerted international action.
 Urgent steps are needed to classify and register small arms production and trade, to monitor and control their manufacture and limit their export.
 Agreements are needed to reduce production and severely restrict sales.
 Strong sanctions must be instituted to discourage states from actively or passively aiding or abetting small arms proliferation.

ve obligations to tackle the growing threat of drug trafficking, terrorism and criminal activity,92m and0m help prevent them from
-
We can wait a minute if you need to rest,” but Seth shook his head.
 “No let's move now.
 Emily, tell us what to do.” “Alright, boss,” she said sarcastically.
 “Everyone come over.” We walked over to her and the dragon with Seth leaning on Jason.
 The dragon was lying on the ground, watching us closely.
 Its long, leathery wings were tucked neatly on each of its sides.
 It snorted as Emily climbed onto its back.
 I stared at her, starting to think she was a little crazy.
 “Come on!” she said and patted the dragon's back.
 “Do you think that you're too heavy?

t92m?0m I only lift one dragon. Its foot is lilac. Bo stands tall. Emily reached
-
Qurrah was in no hurry as he left the city behind.
 The grass was soft and tall, and it felt good under his feet after so much sprinting down stone roads.
 Stars filled the sky, and he smiled to them often.
 In the distance, he spotted a small fire, and he knew to whom it belonged.
 “Where is your brother?” Velixar asked as Qurrah approached.
 “He has abandoned me,” Qurrah said, pulling at his robes.
 He glanced back to the town, hoping to change the topic.
 Velixar’s gaze followed his, and together they noticed the smell floating in the breeze.
 “There are bodies nearby,” Qurrah said.
 “Hundreds.

move your feet92m.0m Spin. Lie. Lie. Is this your problem?” Vel<sep>ar
-
He wasn't letting me go though, his right hand had just repositioned to my stomach while his left arm kept me pinned against him almost as tightly as both hands had just a second before.
 It should have been obvious what he had in mind, but it wasn't until his hand was under my shirt and moving upwards that my overloaded mind caught up with events.
 I tried to protest, tried harder to push myself away from him, but he just held onto me tighter than even before.
 His hand was just millimeters away from its target, and I was starting to see stars from lack of air, before I finally remembered some of the tricks my dad had shown me.
 I slammed my heel down on his left foot, and then brought my knee upwards towards his crotch, only to hit nothing but air as he spun me around.
 "What the crap are you doing?"
 He wasn't even limping.
 He seemed more surprised than angry.
 "What was I doing?
 Maybe trying to convince you to keep your hands to yourself, you think?"

 down92m the0m block in his back-door car further Whatever the case, I still saw him moving
-
Now will you let me return to peace?”
 “Not yet.
 Harruq, would you like to tell him?”
 Ahrqur glanced at Harruq, who was grinning wide.
 “You can see we have orcish blood in us, right?” Harruq asked.
 “Aye, you stink of it,” the spirit said.
 “Well, we also have elven blood in us.
 Our mum said she bedded an elf before she was thrown out of town.
 So guess what?
 I’m thinking we’re the children you sired with that orc lady so many years ago.”

an, the giant lion92m or0mc, reminds me of the elf you bore. “The man
-
“You murdered the children and gave them to your brother.
 You’re the Forest Butcher.
 Admit it so I may kill you.”
 “I will admit no such thing,” Harruq said, his jaw trembling.
 “You’re guessing.”
 “I have also seen your brother meeting the strange man in black of the ever- changing face.
 What is his name, Harruq?
 What is it he offers you?”
 “You’re out of your mind.”
 The tip buried in deeper.

isting92m with0m one another for a thousand years, then he said. “I told you, and
-
But if he were to try to incorporate a thousand ants, he would only gain the same connection as that single ant.
 So instead he might try a butterfly to gain the power of its greater life essence.” At this point Jordaan paused and he went from an expression of lecturing to one of fearfulness.
 Rodregas almost expected him to look around for an assassin.
 When next he spoke, his words were quiet and drawn out.
 “The Gods and Infernals have been at war from the beginning of time.
 They are opposites of the eternal balance of creation and destruction.
 But when mortals started to combine the various powers, the two eternal enemies agreed on one thing and this became ‘The One Law.’” “Mortals can work to become Gods through growing in Celestial Power, and they can even tap into the elemental powers.
 They also can become Infernals if they so wish, though I know of few who have tried.
 The chaotic and destructive nature of the infernal does not lead to the necessary discipline that is required to be an Immortalist.
 A mortal must choose only one path; Celestial or Infernal.

recharge himself. Of92m,0m the Infernal cannot be recharged until I have finished installing all the
-
Are they supposed to be this tight?"
 "That's-that's the style."
 "And this is considered comfortable?
 I don't know if I can even sit down with them on!"
 With regret he put his own wishes aside.
 "Is that the bigger pair?
 If not, let's get some bigger ones."
 "No--these are the small ones.
 I'll go try the others."
 They bought the bigger pair and two shirts, and Marie wore the jeans and the red and navy shirt from the store.

 a bottle of beer, and Jean let himself drink a bottle of Smith. Jean leaned92m forward0m, and
-
The same addiction, the same diseases, the same low-down disgusting lying homeless in the alley and piss your pants drug—Oxy is essentially synthetic heroin.
 And the last step, when addicts can no longer afford Oxy, is to get on heroin.
 Lives are ruined or lost completely to this drug, which, unlike the drugs of the past, is found in the medicine cabinets of parents, grandparents and patients with severe pain all over this world.
 Some of these patients lose their prescription unsuspectingly to family members or caregivers who steal it for the street value.
 Other patients have discovered the street value so they beg their medical providers for more, claiming their pain has escalated and they need it more frequently to stop their suffering; then, they sell it.
 The young couple coming to buy my Oxy know me as the latter—an old guy with a script.
 I know they are both addicts and I know the boyfriend, Steve, is a big time Oxy dealer, selling it faster than he can get it.
 I also know that his girlfriend, Ashley, sells her young body—he demands it—to pull her own weight in this sick relationship anchored in addiction.
 I know this because I’ve hired her.
 I look straight ahead at the entryway to this shopping center which is a narrow bridge spanning over the wetland preserve.

waterfront marina; fish are swimming in the calm pond area. I92m am0m looking forward to my morning
-
She was a virgin and planned to be one until her wedding night.
 How could he take that from her?
 How could he use an act of love to manipulate her into staying with him?
 And if she decided to go home anyway, how could he let her go home with the shame he knew she'd feel?
 He couldn't do it.
 No matter how much he loved her, no matter how much he wanted to make love to her and keep her with him, he couldn't do that to her.
 By the time Marie had washed her face and redone her make-up and brushed her hair, the hiccups were gone.
 Good.
 She could go kiss Rick.
 She smiled to herself, thinking about how sweet he was to her.

m... ...."I am so tired. I just want to sit
-
The makeshift audience wore easy, amused smiles.
 They watched me, not the vacant space from which Grey had evidently disappeared.
 And then I noticed someone beside me who hadn’t been there before… it was him.
 “How…” But he was gone again.
 I’d been staring right at him and had no idea where he’d gone.
 I was just beginning to doubt whether I’d seen him at all when I spotted him standing across the circle, grinning fiendishly while he dangled an object from his hands.
 It was the feather Ruby had tied in my hair.
 I’d forgotten about it.
 I reached up to feel for it and it was gone.
 I started to get irritated but then the feather was in my other hand and he was back, his hands now empty.

er and then I’d been bowled over. I smiled to myself and my cheeks flushed with fun92m.0m I
-
“I won’t let you all pay for my crimes.” Confusion passed over their faces, everyone except for Chevelle.
 “We aren’t.
 You don’t understand…” Something flickered in his eyes.
 “Besides, they are pursuing me.
 For choking the tracker.” Grey shook his head.
 “Because of me,” I argued.
 “And now you’ve killed one.” But I didn’t know who had killed him.
 Anvil had stood before the man, but any one of them could have snapped his spine.
 “Frey.” Chevelle’s tone was solemn.
 “You know what they did to your mother.” And I could hear what he didn’t say.

 you’ve seen in the Hall of War. The men you know. The ones92m you0m are not
-
“No, Harruq, I don’t know.
 I think I know, I desperately want to believe I know, but I don’t.
 So promise me.”
 “Aurry…”
 “Promise me now, or I will drag you back to the elves and let them deal the justice you deserve.”
 Harruq glared into the fire.
 It was such an easy promise, but could he keep it?
 What if Velixar ordered otherwise, or someone close to Aurelia struck against Qurrah?
 He sighed.
 In his heart, he knew he could never again strike at Aurelia, regardless of what anyone else wanted of him.

m,0m Harruq... He can do the rest of our work from here; what if
-
I surveyed the library, but it was practically empty.
 Someone on a higher level must have knocked the pages down.
 I bent over and read the closest document.
 It was an account from the northern clans.
 Despite my disbelief, I somehow managed to act quickly, stashing the papers in my shirt before attempting a casual exit to read them at home.
 I made it out of the library and almost to the gate when I noticed a dark figure behind Virden Day’s tree.
 It was Chevelle.
 He was speaking with Virden when he turned his head slowly toward me… and I was staring into his eyes again.
 Oh, give me a break; he’s halfway across the village from you.
 But I was staring.

emed upon me92m.0m And when he opened his eyes again as if to tell me something, I realized it
-
Jim is sitting on the floor still reading his comic book and a paper sack, waiting.
 Art – (Enters) Ah there you are by boy, I’ve been looking for you for hours now.
 Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
 Do you need thicker glasses?
 Art – Have you been.
 Odd, I didn’t see you.
 Though I did get side-tracked a little bit.
 Jim – Side-tracked by what?
 Art – I’m in love.
 Jim – (Stares at Art)

take it92m for0m it, you love it, you feel like the jellyfish in everything. Art
-
And about Godzilla being feared, well I was talking to Rusty down the street.
 Jim – Wait, you mean the same Rusty who never leaves his parent’s basement and watches nothing but Japanese cartoons?
 The one who got thrown into the school dumpster every day at lunchtime by the girls chess team?
 Eugene – That’s the Rusty and it’s called Anime.
 Well Rusty was telling me about how it’s illegal to yell ‘Godzilla’ in a Japanese theatre, like how it’s illegal to yell Fire in an American theatre.
 He says that it’s because the Japanese are that afraid of Godzilla.
 And who can blame them after he ruined Tokyo so many times.
 But anyways Rusty said that most older Japanese people will just soil their shorts even at the mention of their old nemesis.
 Not only that, but everyone knows the name Godzilla.
 Godzilla will be perfect!

ods, what a sick, terrible, disgusting,92m and0m terrible devil!!! I have infected everyone
-
Davis was in an abominable mood, complaining about the food, the service, even the color of the tablecloth.
 And he was too tired to go dancing after dinner.
 "Can we at least go for a walk by the river?"
 Marie asked as they left the restaurant.
 "I'm not up to it.
 I happen to have put in a long day of work while you were out with your friends.
 There's more to life than parties and shopping, Marie."
 "I'm sorry."
 Partly for him but mostly for herself.
 What would he say if he knew that she sometimes went to a speakeasy?

She was newly married and had 30 children. She approached him and asked if he92m was0m going to visit
-
“Qurrah was sold to a necromancer.
 I told you that, right?”
 Aurelia nodded.
 “I believe you did.”
 “Well, he caught my brother practicing a spell once.
 Qurrah was forbidden from ever casting magic, yet he tried anyway.
 He’s like that, always been, always will.
 Anyway, his master took a hot poker and shoved it down his throat.
 Said that way he’d never cast again.”
 Harruq chuckled.

at he caught my brother practicing a spell once92m,0m but he’s like that, always will.
-
BG:  	Not much to tell, really.
 I mean it made a splash, but briefly.
 And we were asked to play everywhere.
 Suddenly, like we woke up with extra cachet.
 We did the John’s Shell, I don’t know how many times.
 Used to be we’d open for everybody, Mudboy, Expanding Head Band—whatever happened to those guys?
 Who were those guys?
 (laughs)  Uh, Edgar Winter, we opened for once.
 James Gang.
 Pacific Gas and Electric, Tony Joe White.

 Betxe the Extreme. The Night Live92m.0m Billy Ice Z. I was pretty
-
Brandon had at one time been moving thousands of these tiny green prescription pain pills through California, making nighttime drives to Los Angeles and back to buy huge quantities to supply the Sacramento area.
 They were charging him with three felonies and he was facing five plus years in prison.
 Faced with the charges, Brandon waved his attorney rights and talked too much— a strung out drug addict who just got popped.
 The interrogation lasted nearly twenty hours; although, to Brandon, it felt like three days.
 Faced with the abundance of evidence and the thought of five years in prison, Brandon broke and agreed to bust a dealer named Steve.
 The interesting thing about Steve was that much of the information the officers had on Brandon was from Steve.
 It’s quite a tangled web.
 Steve had been busted some time ago and released when he agreed to work with the narcotics division of the police department.
 Steve’s bust was kept a secret so he could fold back into the drug world unnoticed and collect information on drug dealers like my son and share that information with the officers so they could set up these dealers.
 Steve was tasked with introducing undercover officers into the inner circle that would eventually lead to a bust that appeared to be far removed from the original contact with Steve.

d with bringing undercover officers into92m the0m inside circle of the drug lord buddy of a cop Brandon was seeing.
-
Her pendant hung there.
 It started to refract light, but there was only darkness around my vision of her.
 The wind picked up and her dark hair began to whip back and away from her face.
 She was smiling, glorious now, her arms outstretched.
 The pendant started to glow and the darkness cracked.
 The wind was howling.
 I could barely see.
 Or maybe something was covering my face.
 When I screamed the sound was lost.
 I tried again, but suddenly I was mute.

ead and cried so hard that my voice couldn’t save92m my0m face from choking. I found another
-
Life is for those who take it.
 I need you to understand this, brother.
 Together, we can become something great.”
 “Like what?” Harruq asked.
 “What can we become?”
 Qurrah’s eyes twinkled, but he said not a word.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Guard captain Antonil marched through the street, leading fifty of his men marching in perfect union.
 His face was a portrait of stoic calm, but it was all a lie.

ht the view of town appeared. “The Guard has left the city92m.0m Son of the King,
-
You have to…”
 Their words trailed off once they were close enough to see clearly.
 Flesh hung from their bones, pale and rotting.
 Wounds spotted nearly every one, although no blood poured from them.
 Their saviors were men, orc, and elf, but they were dead.
 “Ashhur help us,” an exhausted farmer murmured before the line advanced upon them.
 The Forest Butcher at their heels, they could not run.
 Velixar’s army of undead tore the seven apart and cast their remains to the dirt.
 So ended the last life of Cornrows.
 !

en."! Deer92m.0m"! Red."! Ty the<sep>
-
Junnie came back into view, a large animal slung over her shoulders, bow in hand.
 She dropped her burden on a smooth gray rock near the fire and whispered a short thanks before removing the arrow to skin the animal.
 My gaze moved between the sizeable carcass and her lithe form.
 “I’ll be traveling fast and far and don’t intend to stop and hunt.
 I will pack the extra with me.” I managed a sheepish smile.
 It seemed like I needed things explained a lot lately.
 “Where will you go?” “Back to the village.” “To council?” I breathed.
 “They sent you to find me?” Her bright blue eyes flicked to Chevelle and back.
 “No, Freya.
 They will not know I saw you.” “They are looking for me?” Terror crept into my voice.

know was avoid slo-mo confrontations. If one wasn’t quick92m to0m react.
-
Yesterday it occurred to me that if you were thinking about me the way I was thinking about you, you might open the door.
 I told my parents good-bye last night, but I really didn't know if I'd ever be able to get back.
 But here you were, thinking about me!"
 "I haven't stopped thinking about you."
 And when he'd read the pages about her and realized they hadn't changed, he'd wondered if maybe it was because she hadn’t stayed in 1927, had come back to 2011.
 Or rather, would come back to 2011.
 He tightened his arms around her.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "I love you too.
 And I want to marry you.

n someday, because the rest92m of0m my life I had you as a birthday boy." She wasn'
-
And this morning he dared to kiss her that way, knowing that it would make her all but forget her walk!
 When she returned to the house nearly half an hour later, she stormed past him and up to her room.
 Rick knew for sure that she was mad this time, knew why, and knew he'd been wrong to do what he'd done.
 "Sweetheart, I'm sorry," he called running after her.
 "I shouldn't have done it.
 I just wanted you to know--"  He heard her door slam.
 Going upstairs to knock on it, he called, "Marie, please come out and talk to me."
 He paused.
 "I'm sorry.
 I shouldn't have kissed you like that.

n five minutes from thinking about it! She had told him to leave92m within0m twenty minutes of time
-
I feel torn apart.
 But I have to go home!"
 Rick drew her into his arms, feeling torn apart himself.
 He couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
 But he hated seeing her miserable.
 "Marie," he said softly, stroking her hair, "you've been here for over five weeks.
 You've walked in the garden almost every morning.
 What if you can't get back?
 What if--" "Don't say that!"
 She sat up, looking at him in horror.

 he whispered in her ear.92m 0m"What if I can't! I already have
-
Sketching helped block out all of the inane conversation that'd taken over the other corner of the room.
 It was amazing how easily I was able to zone out while drawing.
 Once again, I didn't try to guide my hand, just let my subconscious create a horizon and start fleshing out a body of water and droopy trees around it.
 The sound of a hand coming down hard on a desk pulled me from my refuge.
 "I told you all to keep it to a dull roar.
 I want everyone back to your seats."
 A couple people looked like they wanted to give the sub a hard time, but these were all the kids who were hoping to make it into the top ten percent of their graduating class.
 None of them really had a disobedient bone in their body.
 They grudgingly returned to their seats and left Alec by himself.
 I picked my pencil back up and started drawing again, only to be disturbed by someone clearing their throat.

sking Alec92m what0m happened to him was the quick conclusion to what had been a long and silent evening of talked
-
“Fine,” the leader said.
 “Go and get whatever the abyss you can carry.”
 Harruq climbed into the shed, throwing Qurrah a worried look before he did.
 When he came out holding his sheathed swords to his chest, the guards tensed, readying their weapons.
 “Drop those right now,” they ordered him.
 Harruq clutched them tight, and the look on his face was clear.
 He would fight, and die, before he gave them up.
 The lead guard, already having their coin as well as the bonus of having found elves in hiding, was willing to let it slide.
 “You draw them, even fiddle with them in their sheaths, you die, that clear?” he told the half-orc.
 Harruq nodded, again saying nothing.

to his quarters,92m where0m they gathered the daggers and the bath linen for him. Eventually,
-
The West has been exporting manufacturing jobs in large numbers for half a century, fuelling the growth of Japan, the East Asia tigers, and more recently China; but until the emergence of the information superhighway, the scope for export of service jobs was limited.
 Technological development has changed that.
 As a result, business process outsourcing has become one of the fastest growing sectors of the world economy.
 As growth of the labour force slows in high-income countries, there will be increasing pressure for export of service jobs.
 Public concern in the West over the rapid growth of outsourcing is fuelled by the common misconception that employment is a zero sum game.
 A recent authoritative study of the impact of IT outsourcing found that the direct gains to the US economy in the form of additional jobs in other fields, higher real wages, higher real GDP growth, contained inflation and expanded exports far outweigh the losses.
 While global IT software and service outsourcing displaces some IT workers, total employment increases as the benefits ripple through the economy.
 The net additional number of jobs in the USA added as a result of outsourcing is projected to exceed 300,000 by 2008.
 They will be generated across all sectors of the economy, most especially in construction, transportation and utilities, education and health services, wholesale trade, and financial services.
 Employment is not a zero sum game.

es either. The outsourcing employment. is victim of the global economic slowdown. Therefore92m,0m outsourcing is a positive
-
The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.
 The progress of developing countries is impeded by slow growth in the industrialized nations and the collapse of Eastern Europe.
 What would be the impact on the world economy of a rapid recovery and economic expansion in the countries of the region?
 What would be the result elsewhere of further decline in Eastern Europe?
 These questions are of vital relevance to the entire world.
 A detailed study should be conducted under the auspices of the United Nations, OECD or the European Commission to quantify the potential gains or losses to the global economy of rapid or slow progress of the transition in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
 10.Scientific resources: Science has been one of the greatest casualties of the reform programme.
 Severe fiscal constraints have forced governments to reduce drastically budgetary allocations to research institutions, leaving most of these institutions with little or no source of revenues to support their activities.
 High priority must be given to developing a detailed plan for preservation of the scientific research infra structure during the difficult transition period and for restructuring it so that it can be integrated effectively into the emerging market system.
 The drain of talents must be stopped by a concerted national effort to exploit each country's competitive advantage in science by marketing these capabilities internationally, and particularly by linking up with other countries in the region and with developing countries that can most benefit from the region's scientific and technological capabilities.

ncapacitate or undermine the growth of our competitive cohesiveness and drive for 92m"0mglobal scientific harmony with the
-
I was wrong.
 "Rachel doesn't have anyone either, but she's still suffering from a deeper hurt.
 She's with my mother."
 My confusion must have been more than usually self-evident as I sat up.
 "No, Mother isn't going through a good episode.
 She's asleep.
 Rachel crept into her room and crawled into bed with her.
 It's a poor substitute for what she aches for, but it's all Mother can offer right now."
 "Alec, there must be something we can do."
 He gently captured my hands, stilling their frantic motion and shook his head.

0m got something on our hands. We have to do something right now. We have to stop the
-
"Oh.
 I don't care.
 I'm not very hungry.
 Just a hamburger would be fine."
 "A hamburger?"
 Marie forced her mind back to the present.
 Or the past, depending on one's point of view.
 She and her mother couldn't just pop into the nearest fast food restaurant.
 There was no nearby fast food restaurant.
 "I mean, tea and cucumber sandwiches would be fine."

had0m to go to McDonald's instead of the Metro. You had to pay the $20 for a
-
Once we got to school, I'd found the rampant gossip had subsided to a dull rumble, but the few undecided votes had come down solidly on the side of everyone else.
 Some people hated me for using Brandon, others hated me for playing Alec, while a small, but decidedly upwardly-mobile group disliked me for achieving not just one, but both of the conquests they'd been dreaming of since grade school.
 In the end, it didn't really matter why everyone disliked me.
 Still, only the fact that Alec's pack closed ranks around me kept the situation from becoming unbearable.
 Biology went better than it had since my first day in Sanctuary, largely because Alec seemed to have developed a postdoctorate knowledge of Biology.
 Also he didn't have a single qualm when it came to using that knowledge to deflect questions aimed at me.
 Mrs. Sorenson tried three different times to make me look stupid before finally giving up and getting down to the business of teaching.
 She continued to shoot us nasty looks throughout the class, but I hardly noticed.
 Alec spent the rest of the class time writing questions for me in the margins of my notebook.
 By the time I'd described my grandparents, kindergarten teacher, and top three most embarrassing moments, I wanted to get a chance to ask some questions of my own, but he just shook his head and passed me my notebook back with a new set of quickly-jotted queries.

lking about boys and k-chu? I92m 0mbehaved much better afterward, though, and slowly
-
1.Elimination of agricultural trade barriers by industrial nations.
 The agreements reached for liberalizing agricultural trade in the Uruguay Round of GATT are an important step forward, but they will not release the full dynamism of the agricultural sector, which is so critical for more rapid growth of incomes and employment in both developing and developed countries.
 In the previous chapter, we have called for rapid reduction leading to a complete elimination of agricultural subsidies and other trade barriers by industrial nations, which can generate a positive multiplier effect.
 It has been estimated that complete liberalization of trade in agricultural commodities would yield an annual gain (in 1992 dollars) of about $25 billion for OECD countries and $22 billion for developing and formerly centrally planned countries.
 Actual gains could be very much higher.
 These subsidies cost Western consumers several hundred billion dollars annually.
 In addition, they lead to dumping of surplus sugar, cereal, milk and beef in developing countries, often pushing down the prices which farmers in these countries receive for their produce to far below their production cost.
 The benefits of eliminating these subsidies would be multiple.
 For instance, eliminating subsidies to sugar-beet growers and dairy farmers in Europe would stimulate greater demand, not only for imported sugar from developing countries, but also for cocoa, which combined with sugar and milk is the basis for the chocolate industry.
 Measures of this type will result in substantially increased demand for agricultural products from developing countries, the first step in an upward spiral of global economic growth that will stimulate industrial exports and job growth in both East and West.

umber of practical steps to achieving political and economic progress. agree with (or accept conclusions from92m)0m
-
And she'd even admitted that she enjoyed it!
 How could she have acted that way?
 Rick set the pizza on the table and picked up some change to go get them some Cokes.
 He knew Marie would be embarrassed.
 Women of 1927 weren't supposed to be so forward with a man, even if they weren't, as she was, engaged to another.
 But her kiss and the way she'd touched him made him think that maybe he could win her love.
 Maybe he could convince her to stay in 2011 with him.
 He returned to the room with the Cokes and opened the box.
 "Mmm—it smells great."
 He put a slice on a plate and handed it to her.

ed like sweet heaven! She shook her head and then disappeared under the table92m with0m the Cokes.
-
Brandon nodded slowly.
 "The boy's name's Ben.
 I'm not sure why she's fixated on him the way she has, or why she views Lucy as such a deadly threat to her chances with him, but it's essentially that simple."
 I felt like my head should be reeling from the sheer stupidity.
 Even in a town this small, it didn't seem like the competition for the available males should be a matter for death threats.
 Brandon took my head shaking as denial of what he'd said, rather than disbelief regarding the situation.
 "I promise that every word I just told you is true.
 More importantly, I promise I'll make sure nothing terrible happens to you."
 Looking into Brandon's caring eyes, I almost couldn't believe any of it.
 Being threatened and then having the perfect man come to your rescue didn't happen in real life.

looked like exciting water.<eop> "I promise that everything you say92m to0m him is true." Brandon
-
Chasing them the whole while were twin sets of tracks, one of enormous weight, the other light as a feather.
 “Every one of them,” he said, his hand clutching his bow so tight his knuckles were whiter than the moon.
 “They slaughtered even those that fled.
 Yet there are no corpses.”
 The corpses had been taken.
 Or made to walk again.
 “The man with infinite faces,” Dieredon concluded.
 Another thought came to him.
 “Or was it you, Qurrah Tun?”
 He raced back to Woodhaven, his mind decided.

ritain at foot of Burn Burn itself. “92mThe0m man look with infinite eyes. No one
-
"Jack's working himself up to a dominance fight with Jess.
 This couldn't have happened at a worse time.
 If we're not back before it starts odds are someone's going to die."
 CHET Whispers From the Past
 By Larry Murray
 Meet Charles Tucker, he has spent nearly 30 years living in denial, trying desperately to hide from his past and the events that shattered his heart beyond any possibility of healing.
 He can't let anyone close, for doing so would open him up to being hurt again, and there's no way he could survive another wounding.
 Meet the Saunders family, new to the neighborhood and teetering on the verge of bankruptcy.
 Mark, the father, talks a good story but is that all he is?
 His plan could hold the key to reversing his family's financial misfortunes, or it could wipe out everyone involved.

 Build a House By Bob Brown Brown does his best92m at0m nothing, filming, answering phone, brushing against
-
"Yes."
 He stroked her hair as he gazed down at her.
 "We were all out of our minds with terror and grief.
 None of us could just sit still.
 I kind of oversaw the private investigators that Father hired.
 And we felt better being all together.
 Somewhere along the way Father and I worked out our differences."
 "That's wonderful!
 I'm so glad."
 She slid her arm around John and smiled at her parents.

 them home.<eop> John nodded.92m 0m"You had a great day." She looked to the
-
You can call me…,” he thought for a minute, making it obvious he was making up a fake name.
 He did not want to use his real name.
 He thought to himself, “Who do I want to be?” “If I’m going to try to fight against the Immortalists, then some sort of name fit for a Celestial Paladin, or maybe one fit for an Infernal adversary was needed,” he thought with a smile.
 The only way he could have survived the ceremony would have been divine intervention, so he said the first thing that came to mind, “You can call me Sir Paladin, that will work for now,” he said it with a smile and a slight snicker at his own joke.
 “Just what kind of Paladin would you be?” Imeralda asked him.
 “Why, it should be obvious to you more than anyone,” Rodregas said with a slight bow to the beautiful half AElf.
 “The kind of heroic Paladin that rescues beautiful maidens in distress and frees’ innocent prisoners from the dungeons of evil sorcerers.” Rodregas could not help but smile at his own line.
 He had always found that a good joke was like a good insult; the best always had enough truth in them to sting.
 Geor smiled, but the others seemed not to have appreciated his little joke.
 The AElf maiden just looked at Rodregas quietly and thoughtfully.

d she was not ready to move92m.0m She was afraid her hug from the rest of the party would
-
Johnny – That’s just retarded.
 Jim – If you think that’s bad just read the issue where both Sumo and Skinny died, and then were resurrected by the Schizophrenic Bi-polar Doctor as zombies.
 Johnny – What did he do that for?
 Jim – Not a clue, mom caught me before had a chance to finish the comic.
 I later heard that it was considered to be both the best and worst Sumo Assassin comic ever.
 Never have been able to find another copy.
 Ah well, it doesn’t really matter.
 Johnny – Good thing you don’t really like the series.
 Jim – I never said I didn’t like the Sumo Assassin.
 Johnny – Yeah you did.

2m 0m– Now if you didn’t like the series, you didn’t belong in that
-
Words of magic flew off his tongue in perfect pitch and pronunciation in spite of their incredible difficulty.
 A strong thrust from Dieredon finally shattered the invisible barrier but the explosion of power sent him flying backward.
 He rolled when he hit the ground, his legs tucked, and then with a kick he vaulted himself into the air.
 He landed on his feet and lunged at the necromancer, the blades of his bow leading.
 “Be gone!” Velixar roared, the sound of a daemon unleashed.
 Dieredon fought, but it felt as if a thousand hands pulled him back.
 Pain spiked within his chest, and a sick sound filled his head as two of his ribs broke.
 A harrowing gasp escaped his lips.
 He dropped to his knees as the pressure finally ended.
 Dieredon lifted the bow and reached to his quiver.

ixar screamed.<eop><eod> He crushed it instead. ‘V’ was right92m.0m
-
I sat up with an abruptness that nearly knocked Alec off of his perch on the edge of my bed.
 Him still being there, looking at me with a barely restrained amusement glimmering in his eyes, calmed my racing pulse.
 "You're still here."
 "You sound disappointed.
 Do you want me to leave?"
 His expression had taken on the guarded blankness I still hadn't learned how to read, so I wasn't sure whether he was joking or not.
 "No, not disappointed, just surprised.
 I figured I'd wake up and find everything had just been one amazing, crazy dream."
 I'd hoped that my reassurance would make the mask drop, but if anything Alec was looking at me even more seriously.
 "Would you prefer things to take that course?"

er slept well, Alec." "So that means you worked92m.0m" Alec sighed
-
By the time English ended, I felt worse, albeit for different reasons than earlier in Biology.
 Luckily, Algebra was starting to become a real sanctuary.
 The fact that we had a test made everyone even more focused than normal.
 Considering how on-task and busy Mrs. Campbell normally kept the class that was a feat in and of itself.
 I scanned through the first problem, and then picked up my pencil and got started.
 Having successfully finished my test with ten minutes to spare, I expected lunch to bring more of the same kind of anxiety that I'd just managed to push out of my mind.
 It was headed that way.
 Despite Britney's best efforts to distract me with a point-by-point analysis of what was going on with someone named Sandra, and the two boys she'd been leading on for the last month.
 I followed Britney through the lunch line, gripping my meal replacement drink with both hands.
 We sat down at our usual table, only to be surrounded a few seconds later by an energetic mob of familiar-looking people.

m a0m month, and it looks like some new starts are starting to material up in other classes. Teaching
-
My best friend Pete and I opened a waterbed and hot tub store in North Lake Tahoe called Sierra Waterbeds and Hot Tubs— a venture his father funded.
 I was selling waterbeds and this new invention called a portable hot tub.
 Pete and I still drank and partied and the drugs were still around.
 Unlike most of the people I knew, I managed to be truly a recreational user with no tendencies towards addiction.
 But I am no prude, and we had our share of parties and events in Tahoe and at the waterbed store.
 When you put a bunch of twenty year olds and their friends in a retail store that has working hot tubs and waterbeds, things can quickly spiral out of control.
 We had no window coverings and our parties were in plain view of anyone who put their nose against the windows.
 It was a voyeurs’ paradise and I am sure we entertained a lot of shocked window shoppers late into the night!
 Pete proved to be a bad choice of a business partner, as his use of cocaine escalated to the point of total addiction.
 In less than a year he would snort everything he could get his hands on.

earned from the other con men and did some serious fighting against92m the0m addictive nature of the drug. The
-
Richard was living in Arkansas and had been for many years.
 We talked on the phone and upon discovering he would be near our homes on a business trip, arranged a meeting at a hotel—with Thomas too.
 Thomas begged out at the last minute, and without contacting Richard I brought my friend Bill with me for the drive into the bay area.
 When I knocked on the door of the hotel room, my father opened the door looked at me, called me Thomas, and then he looked at Bill and called him by my name.
 He didn’t even know what his own kids looked like.
 We spent a brief time in the hotel room getting our names and heritage correct then we were off to dinner.
 During the dinner, Richard asked if I could “score some toot” which I discovered meant find cocaine.
 Well, I didn’t need to look much past my pocket to score, so we ended up getting drunk and snorting toot to commemorate our father and son reunion.
 At the time, it seemed like, “Wow, my dad is cool,” but I later realized how sick it all truly was.
 The fact is, this man was never a father or a dad or anything to me.

exactly what he said, and92m I0m just told myself, the monster man is still around!<eop><eod> These
-
Eugene – What the hell are you talking about?
 Jim – Nothing.
 Liz – It was an inside joke.
 You missed out on it earlier.
 Maybe I’ll explain later.
 Eugene – It’s like you two are married or something.
 Anyway, I have good news.
 Jim – I know, Art agreed to adopt you.
 Eugene – He told you already?
 Liz – Wait a minute, does that make the two of you brothers now?

 not. This can be a freaky little thing.92m I0m mean, you have “your lock
-
He had no idea what she was trying to do, but at least they had something to try.
 He needed to keep Van’dret busy to give Imeralda time to do whatever magic she was going to cast.
 Rodregas turned to Van’dret and said, “Well, since you are killing us today, how about we make things interesting for both sides?
 I will answer a question of yours every time that you answer one of mine.” Van’dret expression darkened and he almost hissed his outrage, “You would bargain with me, with your life held by a string?” For some strange reason that Rodregas was sure reflected a very deep character flaw, he felt his face break out in a very large toothy grin as he said, “And I have what to lose?” Van’dret stared at him for several long minutes before he shrugged and said, “Very well, ask me your question, but then you will answer mine or you die.” Rodregas simply nodded.
 He had no lack of questions, but was not sure which to ask first.
 He decided going small first would cause a less violent reaction.
 Rodregas said, “How did you find us down here?” Van’dret’s expression at the question was like he had asked why is the sky blue.
 He nearly sneered his answer, “Through magic, of course, a simple tracking spell.” Van’dret did not go small, “Are you three responsible for the death of the Immortalist Sorcerer Ravenhurr?” “Yes and no,” responded Rodregas.
 He almost left it at that, but decided to continue, “I killed Ravenhurr during the Ceremony of Ascension.
 I threw him into his own consuming flames.

wn naked body, and I asked him and myself what the man92m would0m do for the war. I
-
I stared at my palms, some spell-bought map carved into my skin, and was hit full force with the knowledge that I didn’t even know where I was going.
 I was about as low on options as I could get.
 If not for Chevelle’s desire to skip out on Council business for a few days, or whatever we were doing here, I’d already be imprisoned.
 I could hope that with the dreams, with the mountains, with wherever my family’s map was taking me, I could remember more, could break some part free.
 It was all I would have in my captivity.
 It was the mountains or nothing.
 I could see no other way.
 It was days before I spoke to Chevelle again, though he didn’t seem to mind the lack of conversation.
 He simply rode as he always did, with intermittent glances in each direction, as if I weren’t even there.
 In truth, he hadn’t appeared to notice my behavior at all.

me on a motorcycle, very nice, riding me92m back0m to his family farm town. She seemed to be
-
she breathed.
 He raised his head to look at her.
 "Don't you know how I feel about you, sweetheart?
 Why I took you to Hollywood?
 Why I want to make your dreams come true?
 I love you, Marie."
 Marie's breath caught in her throat.
 "I-I .
 .
 .

ie, beautiful heart92m.0m I love you. I love you. I love you. To my
-
Eugene – She hasn’t been hitting on me.
 Liz – Then what do you call it?
 Eugene – Uh, noticing my natural good looks and complementing me in a positive manner about them.
 Liz – (Frowning) How long has it been going on?
 Eugene – I dunno…
 Jim – Better him than me.
 Liz – Jim!
 Gene?
 How long?
 Eugene – A month or so maybe.

t that way!” and you started. “I wanna go92m now0m I know it!”. ”
-
And she could sing, Big Mama Thornton kind of voice out of this little wispy Southern gal.
 She sang, “Ball and Chain” just like Janis.
 And, they had an original, called “What Passes Here for Heaven.”  They were alright.
 LE:  	You had a thing with her, right?
 BG:  	Oh, jeez, yeah, I did.
 It was all during that time, you know.
 She was great though.
 Little dark haired pixie, great jugs.
 She was a little Jewish gal, I think.
 Or Mediterranean, uh, what was that that Danny Thomas was?

as record never got to circulate,92m I0m guess.<eop> B: New York, she were
-
But my father, and each of those present, seemed… pleased when they saw me.
 They had no idea there was a… human… growing in the belly my hands now cradled.
 I listened as their voices began, and then rose, clamorously discussing the news and what it could bring.
 I cringed as their words turned to the possibilities, the power I might pass down, the strength the new one might bring.
 “We will leave at daybreak,” Grey informed Ruby as I read.
 Perfect.
 The news brought on nothing but worry, so I went back to the book.
 Eventually, my father did seek to find out who the father was.
 I refused to tell him anything and he could not force me in my condition.
 I could see his plans for it already forming.

 not really there at the time, but it could happen. Something92m could0m fall. Something could break. Something
-
Before you walked into my garden.” “An article about me?” “Yeah.
 You and your family.
 A group Teri works with threw a 1920s party, and she gave me a book about the 1920s.
 There was a section about you.” “What did it say?” “It had information about your father and his business and how he disinherited your brother.
 And it said that you married Davis and had three children and-and .
 .
 .
 died when you were 37.” Her eyes widened, and her face paled.
 “37?
 I-I’m going to die in 14 more years?” “No!”  He looked into her eyes.

 when I was seven-the whole thing that happened when I92m was0m thirteen. One night at a hotel
-
Beauty
 James 4: 17 in the King James declares, “Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.” The New International Version reads “Anyone, then, who knows the good he ought to do and doesn’t do it, sins."
 The New American Standard’s version is, “Therefore, to one who knows the right thing to do and does not do it, to him it is sin.” Put these translations together, they insist that to do good is the right thing and what we ought to do.
 But even in consort, they don’t explain why we ought to do good or why we should avoid sin.
 We could infer we should do it because God said so, but to some of us, that answer feels unworthy.
 Pastor Ed Noble suggested an answer that rings more complete.
 The word translated "the right thing" or “the good” or what we “ought to do” is the Greek kalos in the accusative case, more naturally translated as "beautiful".
 So what we ought to seek is "the beautiful" or "to do the beautiful".
 One reason I would rather seek the beautiful than the good is because I can know with more confidence when I have encountered it.
 When I first read the John Keats poem, “Ode on a Grecian Urn” I got both enthralled and challenged by the lines “Beauty is truth, truth beauty.

ve word92m in0m its turn, used for "women", but the intuition and the love of the
-
What I really wanted to do was enjoy the short immunity fainting usually granted me.
 For a minute or so I could think about Dad and Cindi with impunity.
 I think Mom had figured that out though.
 Nothing I'd tried recently had been equal to the task of getting her to leave me alone, or at least in silence, right after an episode.
 She was probably worried I'd go back to how I was immediately after it all happened.
 I'd lost a couple of weeks there, alternately triggering a panic attack and then thinking about Dad or Cindi until the immunity wore off and another attack ensued.
 Mom had flipped out.
 I'm not sure what brought me out of that black hole.
 I think maybe it was when I looked out the window one day and realized I'd somehow missed fall.
 Fall had always been Dad's favorite time.

 and his deep red hair rust. I don'92mt0m even think Mom noticed that. It would be
-
“Embarrassed?
 Why?”
 “Qurrah’s smart, can read and everything.
 He’d want to know why I never asked him.
 That and, well, you’re a…‌you know…”
 “What?”
 Harruq grew redder.
 “An elf!”
 “What’s wrong with that?”
 Harruq viciously plucked blades of grass.

 if I asked him? He would want92m to0m know where the armored shield was located?”<eop> The head
-
Liz – Did he say anything else?
 Jim – He also asked why I had taken the Mayan art class, and a few others.
 I explained and in the end he seemed to have been happy to see me getting ready to leave.
 Liz – You’re impossible.
 Jim – Yep, and its hard work too.
 Speaking of art, when did you want to do my nude portrait?
 Liz – How about this weekend some time?
 Jim – Sounds good to me.
 What do you want me to wear?
 Liz – We’ll figure that out later.

 to the class for another weekend92m as0m a plan. Jim – Well, on Monday I will
-
Jim – I do not.
 The controller just doesn’t work.
 I never once made my character lay down on the ground and look that’s what he’s doing now.
 Johnny – He’s lying on the ground because he’s been knocked out.
 Jim – Well he wouldn’t have been knocked down if my controller would work.
 Eugene – Yeah!
 Liz – Oh for God’s sake, you two are pathetic.
 Jim – We are not.
 The controller is just wonky.
 I’m really pretty good at this game.

y – Stay awake. Johnny-me-me92m 0mkat-sk-mi ke-uh
-
Such foolishness.
 Such idiocy.
 “King Vaelor cowers at the very thought of an elf,” Qurrah said.
 “The rest of the city despises us for the orc within me.
 I will punish all of their ignorance.”
 “Tomorrow night, come to me,” Velixar said.
 “I have much to discuss and you have much to learn.”
 Qurrah stood and bowed before his new master.
 “I will be here,” he said.
 “And I will be ready.”

“When you look over your shoulder you see everything in perfect. Before me92m you0m see everything that is
-
We'll have you safely back home sometime early tomorrow morning, and your mom will never have the slightest idea you went to such a wild gathering."
 As far as reassurance went, it was a pretty lame attempt, but somehow it didn't sound so feeble when it was Brandon saying it.
 I calmed down enough to marvel at the amount of other baggage Vincent dragged out of the house, and then any chance I might have had to back out vanished as Brandon picked me up and deposited me on the tailgate of Vincent's truck.
 "Riding in the back, isn't that illegal?"
 The high-maintenance blonde Vincent was helping up next to me rolled her eyes.
 "Please."
 Brandon helped a couple of late arrivals into the pickup, and then closed the tailgate.
 I half thought he was going to ride up front in the crowded cab, but he instead cleared the sides of the truck in a jump that was almost inhumanly graceful.
 He crowded in, close enough I could feel my skin start to tingle with anticipation, and then Vincent started the engine and we were off.
 In what was probably the only display of maturity and common sense I'd ever seen out of Vincent, he didn't tear off down the freeway at eighty miles per hour.

 I bet, but I can barely feel my feet92m.0m The snow has barely melted, when I
-
I spent the time wondering if I should try to make small talk; the gorgeous girl spent it staring out the window.
 The secretary took in the two of us, frowned almost imperceptibly at the length of the shorts and then signed a form for the other girl.
 Determined to at least try and make friends, I started to smile as she turned towards me on her way out, but the expression died as soon as I met her flat green eyes.
 My heart immediately started to race, but she was already gone, moving with grace and confidence out of the suddenly too-small office.
 I'd expected some degree of cliquishness from such a small-town, but this was bad.
 I'd never seen her before, so there wasn't any way it could be some kind of misunderstanding.
 The secretary smoothed her blouse down over an ample stomach and smiled at me.
 I told myself I was just imagining that the smile never reached her eyes.
 She seemed to know who I was, and after identifying herself as Mrs. Pendely, proceeded to quiz me about which classes I'd been in at my last school.
 She stumbled a bit when I told her I hadn't enrolled in classes before moving.

office thinking that this had to92m be0m a coincidence somehow, but not enough. My pulse was pounding.
-
Cindy:  How sweet of you.
 Well I have to go now my bus is here.
 Bye!
 (walks off stage.)
 Greg: They always seem to solve problems like these in Star Trek.
 Summery once again, Cindy is wearing different clothes, Greg is wearing the same thing that she’s in.
 Greg: So I’ve seen every episode of all of the Star Trek series.
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: I still have no idea what’s going on.
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.

 didn’t say they had no idea what Cindy was wearing. Greg:92m 0mExactly
-
“Hi, sweetheart,” he greeted her, going to sit beside her.
 “Are you feeling better?” “I’m all right.” “I brought you something.”  He handed her a plastic bag.
 She took it and reached inside.
 “Wow!” she exclaimed as she withdrew the 16-ounce Hershey bar.
 “I’ve never seen a chocolate bar this big.” “Me either.
 It was part of a promotional display.” She tore it open, breaking off a chunk.
 “Mmm—this is so good.” He smiled.
 “Better be careful, or you’ll ruin your appetite for dinner.” “I’m starved—I didn’t have lunch.” His smile disappeared as he reached out to stroke her hair.
 “Have you been sitting here all day?” She nodded.
 “I just—I just didn’t feel like moving.

ke she didn’t really want to move at all.<eop> ***92m ***0m *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
The pieces weren't of specific places or events from my dreams, but they were an exact match for how they'd looked and felt.
 I felt my hands start to shake.
 It was like I'd had too much forced on me too quickly.
 I wanted to just collapse and let unconsciousness overcome me, but something pulled me onward towards the next series of pictures, and then the next after that.
 I wanted to stop.
 Each piece opened up another fragment of my soul, revealing a new pain that I'd kept hidden for the last few months.
 The last picture was next to a door, which I opened almost without realizing I was doing so.
 The organized confusion of a true artist met my gaze.
 I'd seen it with my mom, when she was so driven to complete a shot that she couldn't be bothered to clean up after herself.
 She left just enough structure to the mess to find needed tools, but didn't waste any effort on anything that wouldn't help her with her great aim.

dget, she lacked the resolution to make92m 0m"4 ways to shoot" the catch phrase for her
-
The role of democracy in development would be even more compelling were it not for the apparently contradictory evidence posed by the recent experience of Russia and China.
 Russia hastened to introduce democratic reforms in the hope that they would lead to rapid economic advancement.
 China preferred to postpone political reforms until the economic transition was much further advanced.
 As an immediate result, China has the highest economic and employment growth rates among the nations of the world, while Russia has experienced three successive years of steeply declining national income.
 These differences are of vital importance, but they centre around the issue of the best strategy for the transition in human terms, not on the ultimate importance of democracy to continuous economic development.
 The opening up to foreign trade and investment, the spread of higher education which is essential to achieve global competitiveness and the rising living standards which the market system will generate – all serve to undermine the legitimacy and staying power of the single-party system.
 China has released a social movement that is rapidly shifting power from the Party to market-responsive institutions and special interest groups, which include wealthy entrepreneurs, provincial officials, workers and peasants.
 Final assessment of China’s strategy will be determined by the further response of the political system to rising social expectations and growing pressure for greater individual freedom.
 Restructuring the UN
 The movement towards democracy is not merely a question of idealism.

 clear: democracy is critical to92m the0m future of the Earth. There are over a dozen countries which orbit
-
The organization could also assist members in fighting drug trafficking and terrorist activities.
 The benefits of this cooperative peace-keeping mechanism would be manifold:
 Since the charter would bind members and the alliance to eschew the use of force and aggression for any reason, it would represent a stabilizing, non-provocative, non-offensive defence.
 Its charter could also include specific provisions for close association with other international forces.
 Its combined strength and technological capabilities would exceed those of any of its members and constitute a substantial deterrent to aggression against any member country.
 It would significantly reduce the costs of security for members, possibly by up to 50 or 75 per cent, without compromising their legitimate security needs.
 The more members, the lower the defence expenditure required by each, both because the collective force would be larger and because the number of potential adversaries would be reduced proportionately.
 The organization of a World Army, run on well-defined and transparent lines with appropriate mechanisms for control and responsiveness, would help eliminate the need for countries to maintain their own large standing armies.
 Ultimately this could enable other nations to follow the lead of Costa Rica, which abolished its military forces several decades ago.
 National Sovereignty and International Responsibility

of Seventh Third Nation systems: After implementing this review,92m the0m Seventh Third Nation system was revised, as
-
Johnny – Why not?
 Jim – Johnny remember the time when he called the police and told them that he was abducted by aliens?
 And that he wanted those aliens arrested and sent back to Mars because they were in the country illegally?
 Johnny – Yeah, so?
 Eugene – They have a picture of me posted in all of the local police stations.
 I’ve got a reputation.
 They wouldn’t believe me if I went in and testified that the sky was blue.
 Johnny – Who’s damned fault is that?
 Eugene – It’s mine.
 For the most part it was worth it.

uds92m 0m– It seemed like it felt like suicide if I went out and stated that the sky was blue
-
“I thank you for sparring with me,” she told him.
 “It’s nothing,” he said.
 “Better to spar with someone than practice alone.”
 Aurelia smiled.
 “You’re different than what I expected, Harruq.
 Smarter, too.”
 Harruq blushed.
 “No need for lies,” he said.
 The elf laughed a little but said nothing.
 Instead, she walked over and gave Harruq a quick peck on the cheek.

ut the door and Aure92mlia0m turned to leave for protection. Civil violence will soon be in her
-
It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.
 Alec was plenty prickly and stuck up, but that was nothing compared to how much the average student hated Vincent, who seemed to delight in making everyone's life miserable.
 The teachers seemed curiously ignorant of everything.
 Nobody else seemed to think that was unusual, which freaked me out almost as much as Ben having nearly gone over the stairs.
 At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.
 Once I'd been able to hobble down the stairs, I'd made my way to Mr. Whethers' room, and I'd spent the entire lunch break studying.
 I hadn't been especially excited at the prospect of spending that long by myself, but the cafeteria was all the way on the other side of the school.
 Limping over there listening to Vincent run his mouth and then coming all the way back here for History wouldn't be worth it.
 History being what it was, I probably heard about as much in that one hour as most everyone else did during the whole rest of the day.
 Mr. Simms seemed especially dense, and pretty much let everyone do whatever they wanted for the entire class.

 with cheers and non-refleengingly complete phrases, but it really didn'92mt0m have any
-
As unlikely as that is, I don't want to survive and then find I've poisoned you against me.
 I won't stop you."
 I felt things I hadn't realized were knotted up relax inside me.
 When my voice finally came out it was smaller than normal.
 "Thank you."
 Alec shrugged and gave me another smile.
 "You must have driven your parents crazy with that refusal to back down."
 "I suppose I might have frustrated them a time or two."
 "And to think Rachel says I'm stubborn."
 I started to smile, but stopped as he cocked his head to the side in what was unmistakably a listening posture.

aid very hesitantly92m.0m" "Why?" Abby asked Grayson. "Because I
-
When we finally made it to Mrs. Campbell's class, I slid into my seat with a sigh of relief.
 This was the one class all day where I could virtually guarantee I wouldn't be talking to anyone.
 Mrs. Campbell wasn't ever really mean, but she gave off an air that made you absolutely sure she wouldn't put up with any crap.
 We were still working on statistics, which was nice in that I could follow what was being said and wasn't falling any further behind, but kind of a bummer because it meant I couldn't do a bunch of makeup work during class.
 It was a relief when Mrs. Campbell finally capped her marker and turned us loose to work on the homework assignment.
 I was midway through the first assignment when one of the aides slipped into the room and whispered into Mrs. Campbell's ear.
 There was a kind of muted, collective gasp that made me look up just in time to see the color drain out of her face.
 Before the aide had even finished whispering, Mrs. Campbell was out of her chair and headed towards the door.
 Thirty seconds later we were all still looking around and wondering what had happened.
 It was a testament to our respect for, or in some cases fear of, Mrs. Campbell that nobody spoke in anything above a whisper for an entire five minutes.

tle bit of irritation is sometimes the expression of annoyance; worse than it should be, one92m of0m the
-
I forget who said that.
 But, that’s right.
 We were dead the day we formed.
 But that’s right, that’s process, that’s life.
 Read The Upanishads.
 But, see, I was Black Lung.
 Black Lung was me.
 I could have had Bozo the Clown and My Favorite Martian backing me, it didn’t matter.
 I wrote the songs, I played those hot licks, I sang the fucking songs, right?
 You can dig that.

ercial.<eop> J Vanessa CORMAN : Vanessa92m Cor0mman is the porn artist in San Diego
-
It began to seem coroners handed this out to rock stars by rote.
 Janis and Jimi set the standard; anything less would be unseemly, not up to snuff.
 Next to his naked body were the cliché syringe, bottle of Jack Daniels and a sheet of lyrics, a half-finished song to be called, apparently, “Wendy Ward Redux,” as if at the end he tried to return to past glories and died trying.
 The penultimate line read, “You left your coppery skin behind.”  The final line, though difficult to decipher, seems to say, “Come back to me—“ and the last word is either “you” or “youth.” Either way a sad epitaph.
 But Buddy’s gone gone.
 It’s a sure thing.
 He burned brightly once but then seemed to just peter out like the Sixties itself, like a wind-up thing of wonder, a mechanical play-pretty.
 He ran down.
 Signposts to Gehenna: Altamount, the violent deaths of Jimi, Janis, Reverend King and Bobby Kennedy.
 Nixon.

as there watching92m.0m Janis was there outside the glass door kissing Burrel, her words interpre
-
It was a real relief when I was finally able to leave the drab little classroom.
 I stopped off at my locker before heading to the tutor room, but Britney was nowhere to be seen.
 Probably still mad.
 I mentally shrugged as I swapped out books, and set off.
 Rachel was already seated in her usual spot in no-man's-land.
 I debated where to sit for a second.
 I'd done the right thing in standing up to Cassie, but I didn't want to further alienate Brandon, or put myself anymore firmly in the group of idiots who looked to Alec as their master and liege.
 Before I could finish weighing the pros and cons, Rachel looked up and caught my eye.
 The smile that appeared on her face was tentative but genuine, and completely resolved my doubts.
 I returned her shy greeting with a smile of my own, and sat down at the table closest to her.

just started, and I remember just very well, being anxious92m to0m enter it and enjoy it. It
-
We are going to need them if we are going to do better during our next encounter.” Rodregas was getting his mind back to business; the news that he would never truly be separated from Imeralda revived his spirit.
 “Oh, we… took the weapons as salvage.
 It has helped to pay for your healing and equipping of the people you rescued.
 As their rescuers you were, of course, responsible for getting them properly outfitted and on their way back to their homes.” Rodregas sat shocked for a moment and then he just exploded.
 “WHAT!
 You can’t do that.
 Do you have any idea how much we need that gear?
 We bled for it!
 We put our lives at risk to rescue Imeralda’s people, and all we ask for in return is the Infernal gear!” Rodregas breathed deep trying to calm himself, but it was no use.
 “DOI’VAN!” Rodregas yelled.

hink you would do92m this0m? He just started yelling at himself louder. KING! SHUL F
-
I’m here to protect you.”
 “Then kill those that seek to kill me,” Qurrah said, a bit of his sleepiness leaving him.
 “Our master has given us so much.
 Power.
 Weapons.
 A purpose.
 What more could we ever ask for?”
 “Yeah, what else,” Harruq said, shifting more of his brother’s weight onto his shoulder.
 Qurrah’s eyes drooped, and it seemed sleep would steal him away before they reached town.
 Harruq found his blades without too much trouble.

, Harruq said, his grip tightening into a tight, steel grip92m.0m<eop> Harru
-
Yet he'd stopped.
 But he couldn't regret that decision.
 She'd probably let him make love to her, but she'd be devastated when it was over.
 Her morals were deeply ingrained, and the guilt would eat away at her.
 He loved her far too much to put her through that.
 But they couldn't go on like this.
 He'd always prided himself on his self-control, but living under the same roof with a woman he loved, a woman who begged for his kisses--that was too much.
 But he knew Marie didn't really understand.
 She thought that they could just kiss forever.
 If only he could convince her to stay here with him.

eputation92m for0m being scientific. But really couldn't she? He knew this.<eop>
-
He asked for his forgiveness and thanked him for his help and encouragement to get through this program.
 He looked at my mother, his grandmother “Grammy” and apologized for putting her through the same nightmare a second time, as she had been through this with my older brother, Thomas.
 He looked at Uncle Thomas and thanked him for getting him into a program that saved his life.
 He thanked staff members and students by name, as he looked them directly in the eyes.
 He made amends to all of us and he unsuccessfully tried to fight back the tears as he continued.
 He spoke candidly about all of the lessons he had learned to help him deal with a life without the need for drugs.
 He talked about how he had learned to deal with the nightmares and guilt he once drowned in drugs.
 I never thought such words of wisdom and reflection would ever come out of his mouth but they did.
 We all sobbed uncontrollably as we could now understand what demons he fought and how our son was back.
 We could finally understand drug addiction.

ose innocence and trusting moments with92m our0m little boy. he was back. he was now daily thriving
-
No older than seven.
 He didn’t know the boy’s name or why he had wandered into the forest.
 The bloodied corpse was sprawled across the knotted roots of a tree, its innards spilled through a massive gash from shoulder to waist.
 The eyes remained open, their young innocence spoiled by a lingering look of horror.
 _You’re an orc, aren’t you?_
 Harruq snarled and shook his head.
 He shouldn’t have spoken to him.
 Shouldn’t have let him ask questions.
 The last of his adrenaline faded as images of the child’s quivering lips and trembling hands haunted his vision.
 “Half,” Harruq whispered as he wiped blood from his swords onto the grass.

92m’0ms over you, child, he whispered, feeling his pulse beat steadily. “I don'
-
It took a second before I realized it was dragging up memories of the near-fight between Alec and half his pack.
 "What happened last night...it was for real, wasn't it?"
 Rachel didn't ask what I meant; she didn't even bat an eye.
 "I'm afraid so.
 Don't hate the others too much.
 Sometimes when you're that scared it's hard to keep things in perspective.
 Now that they've calmed down a little nobody would really trade you to Brandon on the tiny chance it might smooth things over.
 Not when we'll eventually end up in exactly the same spot."
 "It felt kind of like a game of capture the flag, with me as the flag."
 It wasn't the most flattering comparison ever invented, but at least it allowed me to try and convince myself I'd imagined the near-violence.

of "person" in whoever brought Alec along. of fuel in someone92m I0m knew and who
-
"This isn't like me?
 To stand up for myself when I find out who my real friends are?
 Please, you don't even know me, and apparently I don't know you."
 Rachel shook her head in denial.
 "No, this isn't you.
 Is Brandon putting you up to this?
 He isn't what you think, you really shouldn't trust him."
 Now she'd gone too far.
 "Brandon didn't put me up to anything.
 Unlike you, I can actually think for myself.

ell who is who92m.0m" Rachel swallowed hard. "I was really scared. I couldn'
-
He was an outcast of the village; no one believed his tales of magic, the mysterious woman he claimed to meet here.
 He confessed to spending years trying to find me.
 He’d thought I was angry with him and that was why I’d not returned.
 He was afraid to leave this spot in case I were to change my mind, forgive him for whatever he’d done.
 I pushed the guilt aside when I recalled why I’d had to come here.
 For my Freya, to save her.
 What my father had done to me, to my mother, I would not let him do to her.
 I approached the grieving man and reached out to him.
 As I held his hands, I closed my eyes.
 I could not watch as I snapped his neck, the way I had with the small boar as my first show of magic to him so long ago.

orld on the island of Dor K. A. Mag92m.0m Mor. I realized what was going on.
-
Rodregas pulled out the captain’s mattress, he hesitated and walked over to where Imeralda was spreading a blanket and with a smile but no words he pulled up the blanket, and unrolled the mattress and laid the blanket on top.
 She just watched him.
 Rodregas knew she was wondering about his intentions.
 Did he want to share the mattress with her?
 He did of course, but this was a time of new beginnings.
 Rodregas would live and die like he had always meant to.
 He walked back to the wagon, grabbed another blanket and put it down far enough away from Imeralda to show his honorable intentions.
 But not too far in case there was trouble.
 With a big smile he laid down and slept, like he had not slept in a very long time.
 CHAPTER 6 LUNCH WITH THE ENEMY

Bertrand92m,0m but all that lay between the two was Arthur Gauguin.<eop><eod> The most familiar
-
He smiled at her.
 "We need to add a bathrobe to our shopping list, don't we?"
 She was wearing his, obviously having just showered.
 "No.
 I like wearing yours."
 "Do you want to run and get dressed before we eat?"
 "No.
 I want to know what the surprise is."
 He laughed.
 "You remembered that, did you?"

er stepped over him, he could feel her head down on92m his0m chest. "Oh, good
-
She and Davis were going to have to have a serious discussion.
 She didn't intend to have a husband whom she saw only at meals and at bedtime.
 CHAPTER SIX
 Marie awoke at dawn the next morning and jumped into her clothes.
 She was halfway down the stairs when she remembered she'd promised Rick that she'd wake him up so that he could stay within earshot of her.
 "Rick," she called, tapping on his door.
 "Rick."
 "Just a minute."
 Seconds later his door opened, and he blinked down at her sleepily.
 "You're already dressed?"

d. "Be quick.92m"0m<eop> "I'm enjoying this."<eop><sep><cls>
-
Because I heard that you and Taiga rather liked the smell of the Infernal.
 In fact, I heard that it smells very familiar to you.” Rodregas immediately felt ice in his belly; he knew his hint at such knowledge was enough to turn Van’dret fully against him.
 The Immortalist’s eyes blazed with fury and Rodregas had no problem thinking that the Infernal Realms were reflected in those cold eyes.
 Strangely, it was the one who looked the part of an Infernal Daemon that broke the tense moment.
 Doi’van casually stood up and said, “This is the best I can do with this shield and here is your lance.” The Hellborn promptly handed Rodregas the items.
 As Rodregas sat on his horse juggling the gear Doi’van finished with, “Now stop teasing the nice Ambassador and go win a pretty ribbon.” His voice managed to be light and teasing even though it was deep enough to vibrate rock.
 Rodregas realized his best move was to go quickly, before the angry looking sorcerer could act, and he moved Doom Hoof around and into line.
 The judges seemed to pair up the contestants depending on the quality of the armor, either that or Doi’van got lucky.
 His first opponent’s armor was not much better than his own.
 As Doom Hoof plodded forward Rodregas was able to land a solid strike on his opponent’s shield.

Doom Hoof would catch the enemy shield, and it would come crashing92m face0m its face. The gravity
-
Alec yelled for Donovan and the first-aid kit as he carried me inside, and set me down in the living room.
 Donovan appeared a few seconds later, and edged Alec out of the way.
 He stripped off my shoe and then his prodding fingers brought another couple hisses out of me as he checked for a break.
 Apparently satisfied with whatever he'd found, he pulled out a syringe and filled it from a little vial while Alec gently scrubbed my ankle down with an alcohol pad.
 "Fortuitously, it's not broken, but I'm afraid it's one of the uglier sprains I've seen.
 I can take care of the pain though."
 There was a reason I'd never had the slightest inclination to give blood, but fear of needles or not, I couldn't bring myself to protest, so I just shut my eyes and gripped Alec's hand as Donovan stuck the needle in several different locations.
 The blessed numbness quickly spread out to encompass my entire foot.
 Working with a sure quickness any surgeon would have envied, Donovan wrapped my ankle and then examined his handiwork with a nod of approval.
 "That should take care of the pain and immobilize it so it can begin healing, but it is vitally important that you don't put any weight on it, Mistress Paige."

 you have the mercy around92m the0m cart now," said Alec proudly.<eop><eod> The first one
-
CM: 	Can you foresee a time when you won’t write songs anymore?
 When you’ll retire?
 BG: 	(long silence)  No.
 I’ll always write songs.
 I’ve got a lot to say.
 I’m just tapping into it, you know.
 Everything that has come before is only prelude.
 I believe that.
 I believe I’m on the cusp of a breakthrough, creatively.
 I think my best stuff is ahead of me.

ghest it would be... If you92m’0md said, my highest would be the
-
In front of us sat a trio of babes, probably still in high school.
 They looked wholesome, with cheeks made rosy from the chill and breeze, and curls that adorned their creamy necks and shoulders.
 Way down on the stage stood three big men.
 Even from afar, they looked like giants.
 The one in the middle gave announcements, in a deep and strong yet cordial voice.
 He introduced the man on the right, who stepped to the mike and silenced the crowd with a hymn.
 Billy Graham followed, and began to speak with such gentle authority, he stopped my eyes from wandering to the neck of the babe with auburn curls.
 Billy Graham quoted from a Bible prophet, in a manner that made me feel prophesied to.
 He commanded, Learn to do well, relieve the oppressed and the fatherless, plead for the widow.
 Come now, he said, and let us reason together.

r applause as Billy Graham continued with his sermon, and then came up to a table. In92m the0m middle
-
He resituated himself on the rock, coming closer to me, and his shirt moved to expose a different color skin where it opened at the chest.
 I reached out to pull it aside and his eyes grew wild at the touch.
 “Your flesh is a different tone here.” He smiled, as if I were being coy.
 “Yes.” “Why?” “Sometimes I work with my shirt on, to avoid the burn of the sun.” “The sun?” He laughed, but then realized I wasn’t joking.
 “It is a tan… from the sun.” He pulled the laces and lifted his shirt over his head, throwing it aside to show me his bare chest.
 The bronzed color of his face extended there, but was a lighter shade.
 I examined him closer, taking his hand and turning his arm.
 The inside of his wrist was lighter still, close to the shade of my own skin.
 I was still studying him when he spoke softly.
 “May I kiss you?” His breath hit my face; I hadn’t realized how close I had gotten.

 He was concerned that92m my0m skin was red, but seemed unaffected. I could tell he was wearing
-
Qurrah nodded but said nothing.
 Instead, he turned and joined his brother.
 “Let’s go home,” he said.
 “I’m thinking that’s a great idea,” Harruq said.
 The two stepped around the bodies of the slain as they headed east, leaving Velixar alone in the emptiness of Cornrows.
 “Incredible,” Velixar said when they were gone.
 “Never would I have guessed they had such power.” He paused, listening to the words of his master.
 The man in black smiled.
 “If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.
 “He will surpass me.

 after the Chief,” he said. “And he was not a hunter like92m the0m chief who is
-
Our hotel is right off the highway--we're almost there."
 "When will we see the movie studios?"
 "One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
 We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
 They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
 They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.
 "I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.
 Can't we go out for dinner?"
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "No!

chances92m of0m comfort are finally presented to her!" Marie lay on the bed while Rick watched and
-
Was she stuck here?
 Her parents must be out of their minds with fear.
 And Davis--he was probably tearing the city apart looking for her.
 Or would after he'd finished work for the day.
 Now where had that uncharitable thought come from?
 Davis loved her.
 And she adored him.
 If she couldn't find a way back, she'd never see him again.
 He'd marry somebody else.
 And she'd .

> And they.. they.. they92m.0m. something,
-
Though he was trying to go slowly, they quickly found themselves naked.
 He thought if he had let her, she would have jumped right on him and slid himself inside her.
 Rodregas knew that Nymphs were legendary for their enjoyment of sex, but he was a little surprised at her eagerness.
 She ran her hands and lips across his chest, seemingly fascinated by ‘his’ powerful musculature and smooth skin.
 Once again Rodregas found himself pulling away from her touch.
 He had never really had a woman that eager to touch him before.
 Her eagerness to touch his body made him feel a little put off.
 It was good to be touched, in fact, he craved it.
 But her eagerness highlighted to him that the body she wanted to touch was not really his.
 It was the body of Gerald, not Rodregas.

reins of this Dom and he knew this was his final release from her breaking the bond92m.0m He
-
She had brought some meat back with her and we supped together before I headed off to bed.
 Ruby didn’t question why I would be sleeping again so soon.
 She was busy being excited about her upcoming trip.
 I didn’t share her enthusiasm, so I retired to my room and read more of the journal.
 There were many sad passages after the passing of the writer’s mother, though their bond didn’t seem traditional.
 It seemed more… formal.
 And there were many complaints about the additional workload, both with the castle duties—which were described in more detail—and her training.
 I couldn’t be sure how much time had passed without the entries being dated, but her mood had definitely shifted.
 Father has been merciless in my practice and testing with Rune.
 Unrelenting sessions are wearing on me.

tarted a new blog. There’s more92m to0m help lead me on. Please keep coming back.
-
With the advent of the Industrial Revolution, technology and economic activity in support of fighting forces became an increasingly significant factor.
 As a result, more and more effort was directed at eliminating or crippling the enemy’s economic and industrial capacity and the ‘national will’ to wage war.
 Targeting of civilian populations became increasingly common.
 In the two world wars in this century, opposing sides waged all-out war against the military, political, economic and social resources and capacities of the enemy society.
 The strategic bombings of the Second World War, the fire-bombing of Tokyo, and the nuclear devastation of Hiroshima and Nagasaki took this concept to the extreme.
 As a result, the ratio of military to civilian casualties in military conflicts changed dramatically.
 In the First World War, there were 20 military casualties for each civilian death.
 In the Second World War, the ratio was one to one.
 In the Korean War, civilian deaths out numbered military losses five to one.
 In the Vietnam War, this ratio rose to 20 to one.

the allocation of military casualties began to vary92m relative0m to civilian losses five to one, as the measured
-
Never have been able to find another copy.
 Ah well, it doesn’t really matter.
 Johnny – Good thing you don’t really like the series.
 Jim – I never said I didn’t like the Sumo Assassin.
 Johnny – Yeah you did.
 Jim - I just said it wasn’t all that good.
 Johnny – What’s the difference?
 Jim - I like a lot of stupid things.
 I usually know that they’re stupid, but I still like them.
 Like those old monster movies from the 1950s, they’re terrible, but I still enjoy watching them.

said you didn’t like the Sumo92m 0mAssassin. Jim –<sep><cls>
-
We could barely take on a mass of monsters without dying, so how were we suppose to take down an evil, powerful demon?
 As the trees parted away to show the empty ground, I spotted Emily and Jason looking like they were about to go to war with a bunch of sticks.
 When they saw us appear, both dropped their weapons and smiled at us.
 Typical cover up.
 “Hey Seth, it looks like Jazell didn’t kill you after all,” Emily said and flashed me a grin.
 “What was that all about anyway, Jazell?” I opened my mouth to spill the whole truth when Seth glanced at me.
 I sighed at his expression, knowing that I couldn’t tell anyone if Seth didn’t want me to.
 I didn’t want to make it worse by revealing what I knew.
 When I didn’t reply, she covered her mouth with her hand to try to cover her chuckles.
 “Oh then,” she giggled, “I hope you two had a nice chat.” “Stop it Emily!” I snapped and felt my face burn.

m’0mt going to tell anyone about Seth’s talk without Emily and Jason wanted to come with me
-
But Mother--"  She stopped, biting her lip.
 Her mother had enough to think about now.
 She'd better wait a few days before telling her about how Rick's kisses had made her feel.
 "I'm a virgin, Mother.
 But I love Rick with all my heart."
 Mrs. Tranton swallowed, twisting her hands.
 "Will you be going back to him?"
 Marie's eyes filled with tears.
 "No.
 I-I can't.

, either.92m"0m Marie swallowed, choking out gasps for air. The question was whether she
-
Dragged away was my guess.
 My legs shot with pain.
 I heard Emily yell the first curse words I’ve heard her say in a while.
 I spotted her red arm just before my body felt like fire.
 I closed my eyes and blacked out.
 I didn’t really black out but that’s what I thought at the time.
 I opened my eyes to find I was sitting on the ground next to my sleeping body.
 I saw Emily sitting there, saying nothing for once.
 Something fell off my back and I picked it up.
 It was a wooden bow, and when I reached behind my back I felt a quiver full of feathered arrows strapped there.

w I saw Emily looking up. She was obviously pleased to see a beautiful woman standing there.92m I0m
-
“I mean before, people always used to assume I had neither brawn nor brains.” With a smile he added, “What do you say?
 Shall the three of us set some time aside to teach each other what we know of magic and see what we can learn from these magic books of Ravenhurr’s?” he asked.
 “No,” said Doi’van.
 “I mean, yes, I would like to learn what you can teach me.
 I like to learn,” he said slowly but carefully.
 The big guy was embarrassed.
 Then he added, “I am afraid my people are not big readers, and, well, they saw me as half-monster and I never learned how to read.” The last words he added very slowly, but then quickly added, “But if you can teach me some basics from the oral techniques that Imeralda mentioned, I would like to learn some magic if I can.” Rodregas looked at Doi’van; there was something about his expression, a yearning.
 “Do you want to learn to read?” he asked.
 “What do you mean?” Doi’van asked, stepping away from the other two like he was uncomfortable.
 “Just what I said, would you like to learn to read?” Rodregas said in a carefully casual voice.

im, and Doi’92mvan0m had joined Team Cat. So had Mad Hour. “Bra
-
Jim – Just enough.
 Johnny – Enough of what?
 Jim – No more of that cliché “everybody hates me” crap.
 God damn it gets old.
 You sound like a character from a stupid teenager television drama.
 You’ve been sounding like that for years now and I’m just getting sick of hearing about it.
 Mom is gone and she probably won’t be coming back so go out and enjoy life for a change.
 Now get busy living or get busy dieing, but what ever you do stop living in the past.
 Johnny – Cliché?
 I’m not the one who just used a movie quote in a inspirational speech.

or you. Johnny – Enough of this? Jim 92m–0m Just enough of this! Look
-
He tensed and jerked away, then blushed at his reaction.
 “Sorry,” Harruq stood up, his face burning red.
 “This is stupid.
 I’m leaving.”
 “Stay, please,” Aurelia said.
 The half-orc halted, turned, and sat back down.
 His face was still beet red but the elf paid it no mind.
 “Alright,” Harruq grumbled.
 “No interrupting, and no saying a thing.
 I just want to get this over with.

92m grow0m, one of the larger tumors than it was when it first went up. “Now,” A
-
She replied from the open door of her room, “Yes, yes.
 No naughtiness.” And then, under her breath, “On my part.” “No qualifications, Ruby.” “Just teasing.
 Now go, we have stuff to do.” My stomach knotted.
 Stuff.
 Chevelle appeared reluctant to get up.
 For a moment, I thought he might reach out to me, but he only stood and left without another word.
 It ached.
 I didn’t want him to hate me.
 Ruby whirled into the room and grabbed me around the waist from behind, spinning me up, over the back of the seat, and through her door before I could process what was happening.
 She plopped me down in the center of her bed and swung around to sit in front of me.

as92m she0m could, then popped out the other door. “Right here,” She said to Chev
-
His soul was already on its way.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Red eyes watched from afar, their owner relishing the carnage amid the dying torchlight.
 A smile grew on his ever-changing face.
 “Beautiful,” Velixar whispered as the number of dead grew.
 Shifting sighs and mindless moans drifted from behind.
 Velixar glanced back at his companions, who now numbered in the thousands.
 “Surround the town,” he commanded them.
 The nearest nodded, the movement swinging the entirety of his rotting face.

back0m at Velixar. again. The abomination had gotten to his bow and hung it
-
They were standing, kneeling, surrounding my limp body.
 I watched them, the horror on their faces, for an immeasurable moment.
 It was too much.
 It was all too much.
 A raw, unbearable ache crushed my chest and I gave in to it, accepted it.
 There was nothing else I could do.
 I sighed, melting back into my own mind.
 It was quiet there and I wondered if I had cracked.
 But then it occurred to me that maybe I had been the cause of it.
 I was resigned now, the fury gone, and so was the screeching, the pain.

ing. The fumbling. The pressing92m.0m The biting. The tipping and<sep><cls>
-
I mean my Spanish book in the school before I came here had them pretty widely spaced too."
 It was masterful.
 I'm not even sure the rest of the class realized the pattern, but Mrs. Tiggs caught on about halfway through the hour.
 Every time she was snippy with me, Dominic made her look like the idiot we all suspected she was.
 As the bell rang, and we exited the first truly instructive Spanish class all semester, I pulled Dominic off to the side.
 "That was amazing.
 Thank you, but you can't keep doing that or she's going to fail you."
 Dominic sagged a little against me.
 "I don't think she will.
 Not after the rest of the class realizes she has a hard time reading the book herself.

m'0mt think she will. After the rest of the class realizes she has a hard time
-
Rodregas struggled back up and spread his feet wide for balance and locked his legs straight to try to keep them from buckling under him.
 He felt cold and knew he was losing blood fast.
 Rodregas knew that this was probably it.
 They had gambled and lost, there were just too many of them.
 But he did not want to die without taking out the Immortal Guards first.
 If he killed the slavers and the guards, there was a good chance that the slaves could escape.
 If Rodregas and his group died without taking the slavers and guards out, then they would have died in vain.
 Rodregas hoped Imeralda would get away.
 His shoulder jerked to the left, and he guessed that he had been hit by an arrow.
 Rodregas threw himself toward the last guard.

pproaching from the back of the room by the door92m.0m He sensed a scuffle of men about to
-
“What about the necromancer traveling with them?
 You’re the one who said he was dangerous, that he might be…”
 Another communal roar, even closer.
 “I know,” Dieredon glared.
 “Forgive me, Antonil.
 I will watch, and I will pray.
 Whoever started this war will not go unpunished.”
 The elf whistled, and to the brothers’ surprise a winged horse landed on the rooftop of a nearby home.
 Its skin and mane were sparkling white.
 Dieredon bowed one last time and then leapt into the air, using the ledge of a window to swing himself onto the roof.

 at the doorstep and found his stomach churn92ming0m. A cry, “A child brought a bundle close to
-
