I was thinking of Chevelle’s loss, of my own, and now of Ruby’s.
 How could we all be without family?
 “Your mother…” I trailed off.
 He sighed.
 “My mother died years ago, with a large part of the northern clans.” I cringed.
 His mother had died because of my mother.
 The same as Chevelle.
 I was almost afraid to ask.
 “And your father?” He smiled.
 “My father wanders the mountain… killing fairies.” My jaw dropped.

 you92m know0m how many people92m die0m? They will never tell92m you0m92m the0m92m height0m of my father. I
-
Which is why “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” shows up on the bootleg, also.
 A better version of it, than “Sun”—actually part studio, part live, if you can dig that.
 At least, whoever put the fucker together had some chops, knew a thing or two—it’s a fairly seamless melding of two different versions of the song, incorporating a blistering solo I did on it live with a somewhat coherent rendering we put down at Ardent.
 “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” should have been huge for The Seeds, yet it only charted, barely.
 I think.
 So, most people think they only did “Pushin’ Too Hard.”  Their first album is actually really kick-ass, better than the Stones, if you ask me, better than 12 X 5, better than Out of Our Heads.
 Inexplicable, really, who makes it and who doesn’t.
 Best not even ponder it.
 I mean, if Black Lung had charted nationally, higher, well, who knows, you know?
 History re-written.

m What0m Happened,92m.0m.. THAT might have92m been0m92m better0m92m<eop>0m I I won’t tell you
-
.
 I know!
 Show me how to use the blacklight!"
 He screwed it into a lamp in the living room.
 When he turned it on, she clapped her hands.
 "It's beautiful!"
 He laughed.
 "I'm going to go make dinner while you amuse yourself."
 "Don't use the microwave without me!"
 After dinner they spent the evening watching TV.

p> "Don't want to92m hang0m92m out0m with92m it0m? No?92m"0m92m 0m
-
My head swung to locate a noise at the edge of the clearing behind me.
 Long robes… two council members.
 My throat went dry and Chevelle grabbed my shoulders as he spoke in a low voice.
 “Home, Freya.
 Run.” I didn’t hesitate, I sprinted straight home without looking back.
 The house seemed empty but I didn’t check.
 Heart pounding, I went directly to my room and closed the door behind me.
 The single flame still flickered above my bedside table, and as I walked closer, I noticed a package on my bed.
 I spun my hand and lit the room to better see.
 It was a large ivory box tied with tweed.

an It was my92m turn0m I open it.92m<eop>0m<eod> Nine one thirty one92m twenty0m thirty seven92m thirty0m ten92m nine0m
-
I saw a flash of fire off to the side.
 Emily was fine.
 I twisted around so that the troll charged past me.
 I turned and plunged my knife into its back before it could respond and it fell to the ground.
 I felt pain flare in my right foot and looked down to see a frost beast with its teeth in my leg.
 When I tried to pull away, in bit down harder.
 “Ow,” I yelped.
 “Ow,ow,ow, get the heck off me!” I slashed downward and the frost beast let go of my leg.
 It zipped between my legs and launched itself at my left leg.
 I stepped to the side and slammed my foot on the beast’s back.

own,92m slamming0m92m right0m foot92m hit0m the target92m on0m the troll’s back. It took all of92m my0m
-
Still, it was crowded, so we shared a table with two friendly Marines.
 In a few months, Cliff would get drafted.
 Neither of us were anxious to shoot anybody or die as heroes.
 But Cliff’s dad fought in Korea and wasted no respect on anybody who let other boys go to war while he attended college.
 Even before our tequila arrived, the Marines were telling us about a training film.
 It showed photos of camouflaged pits where guys fell onto sharpened and poisoned poles, and tunnels through which soldiers had to crawl chasing invisible warriors.
 Maybe the thoughts of death by poison or stabs in the dark made my stomach roil.
 Or maybe the cause was the sight of a dancer on the stage beside the bar.
 She was naked except panties sagged around her knees.
 I thought, the babe with auburn hair could be here in her place, if instead of having folks who were churchgoing gringos she had gotten born where I imagined this stoned, lost and weepy dancer had, as the fifteenth child of someone who lived in a hut beside a brown river.

 where she sat92m feeding0m92m and0m drank her92m water0m until she92m had0m beaten the whole girl down. Still,92m we0m
-
They were gods.
 They were like the best thing we’d ever seen or heard.
 Just to have sat in with Cropper makes my whole career worth while—I mean it, man, Cropper and the Horns.
 I played with them.
 When they were at their peak, too.
 That’s what I want people to ask me.
 What about fucking Booker T.?
 Did you know him?
 Did you ever get to sit in with the Hi Rhythm Section?
 These are the questions I wanna answer.

2m us0m. These92m are0m92m the0m questions I want you to92m ask0m me. That92m’0ms what I can help
-
Still, she had come 84 years into the future, and the parts about her husband and children had disappeared.
 He'd been sure that the pages had changed because her 84-year trip would affect the choices she was to make in 1927, so it made sense, now that she'd gone back to 1927, that those pages would change again to include the name of her husband or at least something about her adult life.
 Shaking his head, he put the papers back.
 He'd never know what had happened to her.
 Maybe, eventually, not knowing-- Rick staggered, everything suddenly going black.
 Gasping, he gripped the edge of the desk and then turned to jerk the drawer open again and grab the papers.
 Nothing had changed.
 Nothing had changed.
 He threw the papers onto the desk and ran downstairs and out into the garden.
 Forcing himself to calm down, he closed his eyes and began to think about 1927.

> How did you92m know0m92m each0m other?92m How0m92m did0m this92m dramatic0m breakthrough in realization of your future occurred?
-
But it had been easy for me, much easier than fire even.
 I drew my cloak tighter around my shoulders and yawned as I considered my horse.
 I’d had so much trouble learning to control him, trying to push him from the outside.
 Falling back from the group only enough not to gain notice, I tried to settle into his mind as I had the snake and the hawk.
 I closed my eyes, trusting him to avoid running into anything, though a low limb was the more likely problem.
 It was more difficult and… different.
 I was there though, leading him and seeing what he saw.
 It felt odd, uncomfortable, not like the hawk.
 The feeling reminded me of something and I drew back, opening my eyes to focus on remembering.
 The small gray bird on the lip of the library window.

 above.92m I0m92m could0m see nothing in92m its0m eyes. It92m had0m different92m foods0m. the apples it had
-
She put on all her 1927 clothes, even the stockings that she’d stopped wearing once she’d gotten used to her comfortable 2011 clothes.
 She headed for the stairs but then stopped.
 Quietly she approached Rick’s door and opened it just a little.
 Rick was sprawled on his back, a sheet covering him from the waist down.
 Tears filled her eyes.
 She’d miss him so much.
 The sky was turning a dark gray when she walked into the garden.
 Grace, their cook, would be getting up soon.
 Her father liked to have a cup of coffee as soon as he woke up.
 Her mother usually got up to have breakfast with him unless it was raining.

were fatsed as well as Sebastian92m.0m92m This0m time92m of0m the92m cook0m92m coffee0m the table was covered in
-
Major arms exporters should agree to consult the Security Council in advance about large orders received for destabilizing weapons and, where appropriate, coordinate actions to limit the size of arms transfers.
 11.Narcotic drug production and trafficking must be treated as threats to international peace and security.
 The strongest possible sanctions should be instituted under the UN against countries that permit or support these activities.
 UN forces must be made available to assist member countries with eradication of these activities within their borders.
 Economic measures must be supported internationally to provide attractive commercial alternatives to drug growers through special trade agreements for agricultural commodities.
 International criminal proceedings should be instituted against violators under a new International Criminal Code.
 12.The UN should create its own international surveillance system, including its own satellites, to monitor and report on potential trouble spots and troop movements.
 It should also develop its own appropriate and effective logistics units.
 Criteria to allow UN fact-finding missions in respect of intra-state conflict should be negotiated and codified by the General Assembly.
 At the same time, the UN should integrate fact-finding into enforcement action taken under Chapter VII of the UN Charter.

ld be established procedures for the policing of frequent clashes92m between0m92m Hamas0m92m activity0m in Gaza, and92m sanctions0m against those92m that0m
-
She stripped them of their beauty, their intelligence, and their long life.
 They weren’t evil, Harruq, but Karak offered them strength and they accepted it.
 The dark god drove them to war against elves and men.
 Finally the orcs were banished to the Vile Wedge between the rivers.”
 “Do any still worship Karak?”
 “Most don’t,” Aurelia said.
 “They’ve turned to worshipping animals now.
 I’ve even heard of some worshipping Celestia once more, hoping she will forgive them and remove their curse.
 They are a sad race, Harruq, but believe me in saying there is no shame in your blood.”
 The half-orc shifted uncomfortably, unable to meet Aurelia’s eyes.

 forget92m the0m curse and agreed with92m her0m story. “92mI0m agree there is some shame92m in0m your blood92m.0m
-
Steve had been busted some time ago and released when he agreed to work with the narcotics division of the police department.
 Steve’s bust was kept a secret so he could fold back into the drug world unnoticed and collect information on drug dealers like my son and share that information with the officers so they could set up these dealers.
 Steve was tasked with introducing undercover officers into the inner circle that would eventually lead to a bust that appeared to be far removed from the original contact with Steve.
 The only problem with Steve is that he was double-crossing the narcotics officers and they had come to discover his deception.
 Steve and his girlfriend, Ashley were highly addicted to Oxy and their combined drug habit made it necessary for him to continue to deal Oxy to the bigger buyers while tossing a few small fish to the officers to appease them and satisfy his deal.
 The officers knew too that Steve was beating his girlfriend and forcing her to perform “happy ending massages” and sexual favors to support her personal addiction to Oxy.
 Brandon was one of the small fish that Steve provided information on.
 Brandon had become so addicted that he could no longer supply the drug in quantity because he and Tiffanie consumed over $1000 a day by snorting or smoking it.
 Brandon had gone from a large dealer to a junkie who would do anything, say anything and sell anything to get his next fix.
 Brandon had become dispensable to Steve and the other large dealers, as he was now an Oxy addicted con man in constant search of his next dose of this potent drug.

gent investigation of92m Brandon0m resulted in92m only0m92m from0m 92m.0m.. the bunch–92m<eop>0m Vive it and the
-
It’s all sex, right?
 And now I felt like part of the brotherhood.
 I wanted to write more songs—that’s the best part—I wanted to create.
 And I wanted more orgasms.
 (laughs) That was freshman year—Debbie, she was freshman year.
 And my gigs with my new band.
 Man, everything was happening.
 I started to lose myself when I played, you know, and it was kind of frightening, where I’d go when I played.
 I wasn’t even aware of Skippy and Crafty, except as background thunder, a wall I was bouncing off of.
 And, like sex, I was gone, man.

 change my act92m.0m I wanted92m to0m change my life. But in92m no0m92m words0m. But92m in0m a strange
-
Rodregas had thought that Jorin was a good lad, well behaved and bright, and his eyes were eager for signs of hope.
 Rodregas brought him extra food and words of reassurance.
 Ravenhurr had no need for him nor his mother, and he had seen other prisoners who were not of use set free.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin would also be set free.
 Two months went by and Rodregas had developed a strong fondness for the boy; a few of the guards made jokes that Rodregas had a new pet.
 Rodregas was used to the rough humor of soldiers and let such jokes roll off.
 The night came when the father was taken for the ceremony.
 Rodregas was on guard duty when Korin came down in his new body.
 The poor lad had stared at the man who had been his father, saying nothing, but tears ran down his cheeks.
 The apprentice Immortalist had then proceeded to rape the mother.

2m hit0m92m Kor0min full blast and it had been quite92m evident0m that while he was92m trying0m to92m go0m down away
-
Johnny – The man has made up his mind.
 Jim – Could we get the law struck down as pointless and un-constitutional?
 Liz – It would cost too much money.
 Jim – We could hold a fund raiser.
 Johnny – Is that the best you can come up with?
 Jim – What’s wrong with the idea?
 Liz – Think long and hard for a minute about all the people Gene has pissed off over the years.
 How many of them do you think would donate money to help him out.
 Jim – Point made.
 Well isn’t there some sort of loophole we can take advantage of?

say92m “0m92mYes0m!”. Johnny – What92m are0m92m someone0m that can help Gene out92m?0m Liz
-
I couldn't help glancing towards Brandon's table one last time.
 I was hoping he was still smiling.
 Maybe he'd seen how awkward I was, but didn't mind.
 Maybe he even thought it was endearing.
 Failing that, I at least hoped he wasn't chuckling with his friends over the new girl's stupid infatuation.
 He wasn't doing either, in fact, he seemed to be very much involved in a conversation with the stocky boy on his right.
 The rest of the kids at the table were listening just as intensely, all except for the brunette on Brandon's left who was looking in our direction.
 My face pulled back in a smile, I even brought my hand partway up in a wave before I realized I recognized her.
 It was the trendy girl from the office, and she apparently still didn't like me.
 I felt my face get even hotter, only now I was both angry and embarrassed.

friends thought of them as the92m hot0m92m guys0m92m-0m-and after all92m,0m they wasn't moving92m around0m
-
“Three,” she said.
 The half-orc roared his protest.
 Aurelia swung the staff with all her strength.
 The end cracked against Harruq’s cheek.
 Blood shot from his mouth.
 “Four!” she shouted.
 The fierce pain appeared to knock some sense into him.
 He looked down at Aurelia with a mixture of anger and embarrassment.
 “Sorry,” he said.
 Blood ran from a busted lip.

eath anger92m,0m Aurelia kicked92m the0m staff92m.0m92m While0m Harruq92m was0m hurt, she reached across
-
“Were you scared?
 What’s it feel like there?” “You know when you’re away from home and no matter how great a time you’re having, you’re still a bit uneasy, so when you get home you always feel relieved?
 You unwind, your heart slows.
 Nothing can hurt you now.
 That’s how it felt.” “You’re a lucky guy,” Eric said, in a more wistful tone than I had ever heard him use.
 Freedom
 Driving through Los Angeles, thinking is dangerous.
 An instant of distraction can get you killed.
 I turn off the I-pod and for some moments attend to driving.
 But I can’t give up remembering Eric, and memories I left behind long ago appear.

92m where0m92m car0m stands a young woman comes forward, saying, “92mYeah0m, it92m always0m did92m I0m
-
The councilman struggled, suffering from some unseen force.
 Blood poured from his nose and I gasped.
 Chevelle’s head jerked toward me and I couldn’t catch my breath—his eyes were as black as onyx.
 When his focus returned to the men, they eased away, the first supporting other by an arm as both bowed slightly, stepping and stumbling in their retreat.
 Chevelle watched them until they spun to disappear, and then he turned to me.
 One look at his face and I knew the cause of the devastation.
 I still couldn’t remember, but I knew what I had heard was truth.
 My mother had killed his family, his entire clan.
 He’d been there in the village in my dreams, in my memories.
 He had saved me.

92m saving0m me, unprepared for92m the0m impossible92m.0m<eop> He was a ghost.92m Owen0m92m had0m nothing to prove
-
She's good, Rick.
 It was the first time I'd been alone with her--you know, without you and my own date--and it took her less than ten minutes to figure out that I'm not exactly the marrying type.
 I still don't know how I gave myself away.
 It was a first."
 "What happened?"
 "She turned cool seven or eight minutes into the conversation, finished her drink, said thank you, and left."
 "She knows what she wants.
 I suppose you have to give her credit for that."
 That conversation left a bad taste in Rick's mouth, and he arrived at Ted and Lauri's that evening feeling wary.
 "Hi--I'm glad you said to dress casually," Rick greeted Ted, shrugging out of his coat.

he sweat92m he0m92m'0md sprayed across his face as92m he0m put the92m shirt0m on. "Mark92m of0m
-
"This is the first time he's had a missing daughter return."
 She hugged Marie.
 "Go on up to your room and take a nap."
 "No--let's go back to the living room."
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "A little.
 I didn't get much sleep last night.
 But I'd rather talk."
 "All right."
 Arm in arm they returned to the living room and sat on the sofa.

of- closet Sandra92m.0m Out of- Bed92m Sandra0m92m.0m Back92m out0m of- can92mteen0m Sandra. Back
-
It’s called ‘A Weekend in Nirvana’ and is the artist’s idea of what Heaven might feel like.
 How odd.
 Art – No, this is normal.
 Karen - How is it normal?
 Art – Oh, you were referring to the painting.
 Sorry, I thought you were talking about me again.
 What is odd about that painting?
 Karen – Well, it seems like most people would paint what they think Heaven would look like, clouds and angels and harps and buildings that look like Greek Temples.
 People don’t usually touch on what it might feel like.
 That painting looks bright and warm, I like it.

 this92m portrait0m92m exactly0m where I want to be in92m Heaven0m. Art92m 0m– This is92m nothing0m if strange
-
"Adri is here solely as a witness."
 Alec's voice was huskier than normal, but still carried most of its velvety perfection.
 As I looked at him, I realized I wasn't feeling any power arcing from him.
 Everything centered on him now, but he wasn't adding to the storm.
 The wolves behind Brandon growled as Alec stepped forward.
 "Ah, and here I'd thought you'd once again settled on a course of appeasement."
 Brandon's features were hollow, almost skeletal in the harsh chemical light.
 "No.
 We've come for one purpose and one only.
 No more murdered hikers, no more convenient accidents.

92m muttered0m. "Back on through92m and0m let the wolves talk,92m"0m92m he0m growled.<eop> Alec92m stepped0m
-
She'd never worn such a thing.
 When she put it on, she found that it fit her like a tent.
 But oddly enough, she liked it.
 The big bathrobe almost reached her ankles, and she felt quite comfortable as she picked up her dress and wet clothing and went across the hall to the bedroom.
 She found hangers in the closet and hung her clothes there.
 But once she was in bed, the dreamlike feeling dissolved.
 She was far, far away from home, in a strange place, and she didn't know if she'd ever get back.
 Tears trickled down her cheeks as she drew her knees up under the covers, her back against the headboard.
 She was too frightened to go to sleep.
 Walking in the garden was no longer safe--was sleeping?

 host; somehow she thought was all over92m,0m etc.92m As0m the evening progressed92m,0m92m and0m the92m idea0m
-
I cursed as the stone glanced off my cheek.
 “This isn’t fair,” I complained.
 It seemed he was holding me in place just to strike me.
 “It’s the only way, Freya.
 This is for your protection.” “I highly doubt they will pummel my face with rocks,” I spat out.
 “No,” he said, “they will bind you and burn you alive.” I felt sick.
 A vision of the Grand Council cloaks circling me was convincing enough, but he continued.
 “You will not know their thoughts; you must be ready for any attack.” I nodded, even though part of me was certain there was a less painful way.
 The rock came at me again.
 I couldn’t respond quick enough, couldn’t counter and hold on to a galloping horse in the instant it took him to decide.

ht now.92m I0m rolled over on my92m back0m, resting my92m head0m on one92m side0m. gathering92m the0m dust
-
It nearly covered up the distant sound of some kind of machinery kicking on and creating a barely-audible two-part growl that made the air shiver.
 "You can't get away with this."
 Cassie's voice was barely recognizable, a tattered shadow of her usual arrogance.
 "I already have.
 I've already told Lucy where she stands with Ben.
 If you get in my way, if you approach him on her behalf, if you even think of acting on any of the hundred things going through your mind right now, I'll kill you too."
 My knees were weak, but I had to get out now.
 For all that I hated Cassie, there was no way this crazy chick would act on her threats when there were three of us to corroborate each other's stories.
 I quietly swung the stall door open and felt my eyes go wide as I saw Lucy curled up, sobbing, at Jasmin's feet.
 Neither of the other girls even bothered to look at me as I carefully moved to the door.

hannel was92m going0m92m to0m make a mess in92m front0m92m of0m them while their mother92m was0m praying for might to my
-
The night Eric joined us, so did big Mike Beatty.
 He was about 6’6”, 280 pounds.
 We rode with a cabby to three motels.
 After the first, Eric said, “This is bad, Ken.
 I hate this.” At the second motel, he gave the girl half his money, for nothing.
 We were leaving the third place when he asked me, “Why do you do this?” "Excitement?"
 I guessed.
 Mike was sitting behind the driver’s seat.
 While the cabbie waited for an opening into the boulevard traffic, Mike leaned up close and growled, “It’s a good thing you don’t plan to get us roughed up, or else I’d have to pinch your head off.” The cabby muttered something in Spanish and made a face that seemed to say, “Go ahead, what do I care?” At an historic saloon called The Long Bar, Eric told me about all three prostitutes he’d talked to, where they came from, how large their families were, and he remembered most of their entire formal names.
 He spoke as if they had met at a box social.

y bull,”92m he0m kept going. Mike92m,0m “Why ask you a stupid92m question0m92m,0m92m payment0m when
-
Jim – That’s what I said.
 Liz- You’re taking it awfully well.
 Jim – Why shouldn’t I?
 Liz – I don’t know, it just seems that in movies, when a character’s parent meets another person or gets married the character is always against it.
 And then they usually seem to come up with a scheme to get their parents back together.
 Jim – A scheme to get mom and dad back together, I never thought of that…hmmm, that actually wouldn’t be a bad idea.
 Liz – Are you serious?
 Jim – Hell no I’m not serious.
 Mom’s leaving was the best thing that could have ever happened to our family, I’m glad to be rid of her.
 Liz – Will Johnny feel the same way?

 hope0m Johnny92m loses0m it92m after0m all.92m I0m gotta say, how always wanted92m a0m husband when I was
-
The other three men simply shook their heads at his idiotic statement.
 Not that his statement did not have a hint of truth to it.
 Rodregas was sure everyone here had lost a loved one, at some point, to an Immortalist.
 But, no Paladin of the Gods had ever come to their rescue.
 The truth was that even if one of the gods was backing Rodregas, it was more likely to be some god who was pissed off at the Immortalists; one looking for a chosen champion for their own selfish reasons.
 As a child Rodregas had dreamed of being such a champion, but Paladin’s were always chosen from the ranks of the Order of the Soaring Heavens, and while Rodregas had once served the Order as a squire he had never came close to achieving knighthood.
 “All right, Sir Paladin, I have to admit I have talked to the Sorcerer Ravenhurr a few too many times, and you definitely don’t seem to be him.
 Nevertheless, we are taking your wagon and your supplies.
 We will let you go in peace in the morning,” said Audrian in that tone of voice that implied that he just expected people to follow his orders.
 “Hand over the shorts swords,” Audrian continued, gesturing at the two blades that Rodregas had yet to pull.

to earth92m.0m<eop><eod>92m The0m debris92m 0mstrewn across Rhodes92m,0m as Raven92mhur0mr left the Watch House
-
Liz – How do you know?
 Johnny – I tried it already.
 Jim - Who on?
 Johnny – Who do you think?
 Liz – So that’s why Eugene is so terrible at all of the video games you two play.
 You know that’s not very sporting of you.
 Johnny – I didn’t use voodoo on Gene.
 Well not lately anyways.
 Jim – Mom.
 Johnny – Yep.

m do0m92m down0m. Along comes Barry. Dad. Gene. Gene92m 0m– Me92m and0m92m My0m friends.
-
CM: 	The music sounds a little calypso.
 BG:  	It does, doesn’t it?
 CM: 	“When the Henbane Blooms”?
 BG:  	Drug song, right?
 You can dig that.
 Even you, Creole, Family Man.
 You can dig where that’s coming from?
 Naw, shit, I’m goofing on you.
 It’s not a drug song.
 It’s about Lor’s brother-in-law, who is a werewolf.

 I92m really0m feeling is more the92m point0m.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m The0m day of the I92mBS0m surgery was
-
Peace is the social dividend of democracy.
 Peace is not merely the absence of war.
 It is a settled, stable, secure condition which thrives on a foundation of political maturity, social freedom and economic well-being.
 A world in which all major military powers – with the present exclusion of China – have democratic governments removes the ideological basis and political pressure for confrontation between states.
 If it is maintained, the adoption of democratic forms of government by the nations of Eastern Europe and the developing world will help ensure peaceful relations between states, which is the most fundamental precondition for accelerated economic development.
 The marriage of democracy and disarmament can transform the world – abolishing wars, eliminating nuclear arsenals, liberating hundreds of billions of dollars for building a better common future.
 In economic terms, the shift to democratic government presents an opportunity for more rapid development in these countries.
 During the post-war period of technology-driven industrialization, there is a strong correlation between a representative form of government and rapid economic development.
 This relationship is reciprocal.
 In democratic countries freedom of expression and exposure to independent media awaken people to expectation of a better life and encourage them to take initiatives that lead to prosperity.

vements of economies in the world92m,0m on the other hand, due to the transparent92m representation0m92m of0m92m relation0m92m of0m politics
-
This notion is contradicted by the experience and practice of every major market economy in the world.
 Government plays a critically important role in defining and protecting property rights, ensuring competitive conditions, controlling monopolies, regulating foreign trade, establishing and enforcing quality standards, safeguarding the rights of investors and consumers, preserving the environment from over-exploitation and pollution, encouraging investment, and upholding the rights of employees to minimum wages, safe working conditions and social security in the case of lay-offs.
 The policies that have made possible the most successful recent development initiatives of nations around the world, especially in Japan and the newly industrialized nations of the Pacific Rim, do not support the argument for unregulated free market forces.
 These countries combined freedom for entrepreneurial initiative, private property and market prices with care fully crafted industrial policies and tightly controlled foreign trade and investment practices to nurture and protect nascent industries and restrict foreign investment.
 At the same time, they organized the importation of foreign technology on a massive scale.
 They utilized import tariffs, export incentives, tax relief and other mechanisms to guide development of their domestic economies.
 The reform programme involved the dismantling of most of the administrative mechanisms by which an economy can be monitored and controlled by government.
 In place of free market conditions, organized crime and corruption became rampant.
 In seeking to reject thoroughly the authoritarian form of government that suppressed the rights of the people, many of these countries allowed the power and authority of their central governments to de cline to the point where they could no longer enforce conditions needed for operation of either a command economy or a free market system.
 The power of government in the West may be veiled by the fact that its laws are usually obeyed without the need for exercise of force, but the threat of enforcement is as real for tax evaders in North America as it was for free marketers under the communist regime in USSR.

to democracy is not unique to92m the0m West but has be found92m in0m other92m countries0m92m of0m the enthusiasm for democracy92m has0m
-
6.Re-orient social security programmes toward re-employment: OECD countries spend 2-3 per cent of GDP on labour market policies, most of it to support the unemployed.
 The United Kingdom spends nearly $14,000 a year on every unemployed person.
 The United States spends three times as much on welfare payments as it does on retraining the unemployed.
 For three decades, Sweden achieved the highest employment rate among OECD countries based on 'the passionate belief in full employment' and 'the right to work' and on active policies to generate work for all, rather than payments to the unemployed.
 Drawing lessons from the Swedish model, introduce a comprehensive programme of education and vocational preparedness for the unemployed, compulsory retraining for those who are unemployed for more than six months, and a strictly managed penalty system for unemployed persons who refuse successive job offers and do not seek retraining.
 7.Improve labour market information and job placement systems: Labour markets are becoming more and more fluid.
 One in ten jobs is now replaced in OECD countries every year.
 This makes the strengthening of job placement systems a crucial element in any full employment strategy.
 Lack of access to information about job or training opportunities retards re-employment.
 Sweden operates one of the most extensive and efficient employment services, in close cooperation with business, that is responsible for filling 60 per cent of total job vacancies.

er information is92m readily0m available92m through0m social sources, labour internet and92m through0m private92m information0m92m tools0m. 8. ImprovDevelop
-
He put his arm around her, squeezing her shoulders.
 "Anyway, today alone has been a perfect date."
 "What do you mean?"
 "Breakfast in bed, washing my car, now watching TV."
 "You call that a date?"
 "Yeah.
 What do you call a date?"
 "You know--going out to dinner and then dancing or to a concert or something."
 "I'd rather wash my car and have a pizza delivered."
 She frowned.

92m 0m"Alright,"92m he0m shifted92m back0m on the pillow92m,0m then mounted her92m in0m his lap for
-
There was no emotion in his voice, no gentle teasing; he didn't even meet my eyes.
 I sat down with a slight hope that he'd thaw out a little by the time class ended, only to shake my head in disbelief when the bell finally rang and proved me irrevocably wrong.
 Maybe he'd go back to normal after a few days.
 There really wasn't any way to know though.
 I didn't even know what'd brought on the sudden change.
 Was he really just angry I'd overheard Jasmin threaten Lucy?
 Why did I even care?
 Spanish dragged by at a snail's pace, but somehow before I knew it, I was walking with Britney towards the tutor lab.
 I should have been surprised when we rounded a corner to find Brandon casually leaning against the wall, obviously waiting for us, for me.
 "You still okay to go home with Brit today?"

!" With Brandon92m still0m taking92m the0m92m hand0m92m,0m I finally stepped up where Britney, conclusion92m,0m
-
You and your family.
 A group Teri works with threw a 1920s party, and she gave me a book about the 1920s.
 There was a section about you.” “What did it say?” “It had information about your father and his business and how he disinherited your brother.
 And it said that you married Davis and had three children and-and .
 .
 .
 died when you were 37.” Her eyes widened, and her face paled.
 “37?
 I-I’m going to die in 14 more years?” “No!”  He looked into her eyes.
 “No.

ooked0m into her92m eyes0m as he began to.<eop> “92mOne0m day92m I0m asked her about your92m application0m-
-
I moved it around a bit, slashing wide arcs though the chill air.
 It was pleasant, nicely balanced in my hand.
 That didn’t mean I could actually cut through someone’s neck, though.
 “Ruby, how do you intend to teach me with this?
 I mean if there’s no messing around, just lop your head off and all?” She laughed.
 “Don’t worry, Frey.
 I think I can handle you.” “I’ll do it.” Chevelle’s voice startled me.
 I’d been absorbed in our conversation, unaware anyone was listening.
 I glanced around and realized everyone had been listening.
 It dawned on me what Chevelle had said as they all circled around to watch.

ke the much effects92m this0m weapon would make92m in0m action,92m how0m92m disappointing0m would be it92m for0m that amount of
-
Liz – But what?
 Jim – Well I was just going to say that Johnny hates humanity as a whole, so how did it happen.
 Liz – I think John finally let it go.
 He seems to have learned that from Eugene.
 Jim – Is that so?
 Liz – Seems to be.
 Jim – I wonder what Eugene has happened to learn from Johnny.
 Liz – That I’m not sure of, but it doesn’t seem to be any sort of skill at video games.
 Jim – That’s for sure.
 I thought I was bad at games, but Gene, ten dollars in twenty minutes is just terrible.

 did he92m think0m the visual92m features0m of books like92m that0m struck out92m.0m Liz92m 0m– It is
-
“You know that this means that Kojas was here, so he can’t be too far away.” “Don’t get your hopes up.
 I saw him once and I have no intention of being near him anytime soon.” He sat on the edge, the wind tossing around his hair.
 It was going to be seriously wind-blown later.
 I sat down next to him and I was trying to forget the dwarf’s mangled body.
 I shook and hugged myself.
 “Are you cold?” he asked, his voice full of concern.
 I just shrugged and squeezed my eyes shut.
 I saw Kojas’ glowing eyes and sword, the dwarf, his armies, the ghost girl, the dark woods and her haunting voice.
 It all crashed down on me, the weight of the whole situation.
 We were being hunted, I could die.

ve92m to0m be92m?0m I would not, I92m promised0m. As we began92m to0m get92m closer0m we noticed
-
Magic took too long to prepare to be useful so quickly.
 Ravenhurr stepped into the last circle; the one made entirely of what appeared to be fresh blood and of symbols made from the careful placement of living organs.
 Rodregas breathed in deeply, trying to settle himself, and almost gagged from the smells: the stench of fresh blood, the scent of fear from the prisoners, the smell of power, and other smells that he could not identify.
 Rodregas closed down on himself, “Duty,” he thought.
 “My real duty this time, focus on the next step.
 I can do this.” As Rodregas raised the club, he kept his eyes away from the AElf maiden not wanting to give himself away to anyone watching.
 “Gods,” Rodregas quietly prayed.
 “You have never answered my prayers.
 I have never had much to give you as an offering of wealth to your temples, nor have I done great deeds in your names, but if any of you hate these life-stealing Immortalists as I do, then let me know your favor.” Rodregas could not help but add a selfish plea to his desperate prayer, “If by your grace I live, then I promise you gods that I will make it my life’s duty to fight the Life Stealers.” Rodregas doubted his prayers would do any good, but if nothing else he was a practical man and when you are pushing the odds it never hurts to call in divine favor.
 Rodregas knew things would start moving quickly now.

 The AElf was92m not0m92m passionate0m about92m seeing0m us92m and0m she was92m showing0m rather liking with himself now
-
My heart had stopped.
 And then it surged as blood rushed to my face, my neck.
 My ears rang.
 I must have been speaking or cursing.
 I could hear the sound, but could not make sense of it.
 Nothing made sense.
 I was standing before I knew I was surrounded.
 Fury and fire swam in my head, my chest, my hands.
 I heard them through the buzz.
 “Frey, what’s wrong?

loated toward him92m through0m92m the0m air. It sounded92m like0m someone landed at my feet.92m<eop>0m “92mGet0m him
-
So I told the school I was staying with my aunt and uncle and told my aunt I was staying with Eric and Sylvia.
 In truth, Eric moved in with me.
 On school days when the ocean beckoned, I might stop by the hospital at visiting hours, wash up and don a smock, spend a few minutes with my mom, and get her to sign absence slips.
 Eric didn’t need absence slips.
 If he returned to school after an absence and told the attendance clerk he’d been out with the one-day variety of bubonic plague, she would have excused him rather than phone his mother to verify.
 When anyone from the school called Sylvia, she might hold the person on the phone for an hour, ranting about their misdeeds.
 I have two pictures of Eric.
 His senior picture, given a full page in our senior-year annual, a head shot of keen blue eyes with thick lashes, freckles, and sandy hair, a chin square as Dick Tracy’s, an easy grin that would have wrongly convinced you he was loaded with confidence.
 And the one Sylvia called the “Jesus body picture” a snapshot somebody took in the locker room.
 Eric in a jock strap, beaming, his legs and arms spread as though to greet a familiar angel.

for0m apples,92m and0m I pretend want Eric not to be a Jesus92m Mid0m.92m Mr0m. Meyers92m,0m
-
Crafty’s fiancé, since wife, since ex-wife.
 Kim was alright—you know, she had that mane of golden-white hair, she was beautiful, goddamn beautiful.
 We all wanted her.
 That’s ok to say, Lor?
 We all wanted her because, hell, she had that skin, you know, translucent and freckled and white like yonder waning moon.
 But, she was Crafty’s, sort of.
 It’s funny.
 Everywhere they went men hit on Kim, no one could help it, and Crafty was so insecure, you know?
 He hated it.
 He hated going out with her.

out her. He kept92m saying0m so himself92m and0m all. So, when they were92m gonna0m go out92m with0m92m Kim0m
-
As much as I appreciated the effort, I couldn't shake the feeling Britney was befriending me mostly because she didn't have any other options.
 With Mom becoming less dependable by the day, I was in for a miserable, lonely two years until I could graduate and escape to a big city.
 Hopefully there I could safely find a niche among the other quasi-loners who didn't fit in anywhere else.
 As I turned my light out and got into bed I realized there'd been one bright spot to the day.
 Brandon Worthingfield III might not really be interested in me, but he was obviously at the top of the social food chain, and he'd already shown me way more attention than any of the boys back home ever had.
 Maybe there was some hope after all.
 ** I was lost, not just in the sense of not knowing where I was, but because I'd never been anywhere even remotely like this.
 The breeze was louder than any I'd ever heard before, and was laden with an unimaginable host of scents.
 It took me several seconds to sort through things enough to realize I was smelling things I didn't even have a name for.
 After several seconds of trying to catalog the most delightful of my new discoveries, I realized I'd had my eyes closed since I'd gotten here, possibly an unconscious defense mechanism meant to protect me from sensory overload.

 opened again92m and0m shut92m as0m I watched92m Mom0m leave to let92m us0m pack92m on0m. As I read in
-
They...remind me of a really terrible thing that happened, so when people make a big deal out of them it's like it's all happening again."
 Rachel nodded slowly, her wonderfully expressive face full of sympathy.
 "I'm sorry to have pried like that.
 If I'd known it would make you feel bad, I wouldn't have asked."
 I tried to shrug indifferently, but she seemed to see through my pretenses.
 "I normally wouldn't have said anything, but knowing what I know now, I wouldn't want you to go through the next several days hurting inside because you think everyone looking at you out of the corner of their eye is ridiculing you."
 Confident she didn't really need help, and eager to avoid further reminders of just how broken I was, I'd been standing to return to my desk.
 The words were plenty foreboding, but they had an impact all out of proportion from what they should have.
 I sank back into the chair and turned towards Rachel.
 Not enough to actually make eye contact with her, just enough I hopefully didn't come off rude.

pered into her92m ear0m,92m elbow0m92m quietly0m92m move0m so she didn92m'0mt fight react or react, she
-
“Yeah, but, but, it’s only an hour or two, and who said you were proficient anyway?
 I could beat you without trying, and so could anyone better than me.
 It would be stupid now to just stop and…”
 Aurelia crossed the distance between them and placed her hand across his mouth to shut him up.
 A grin lit her entire face.
 “Okay, Harruq.
 I will do as you wish and keep meeting with you.”
 “For sparring,” he said after she pulled her hand away.
 “Sure.
 That too.”

e moment her92m hand0m went up to his92m face0m, he could only92m look0m92m menacing0m her92m.0m “Do you want
-
None of us are stupid; we know what's going to happen.
 You killed two members of his pack."
 There was steel in Alec's voice that I'd never heard before.
 "Still unacceptable.
 You've all aired your opinions; you can retire to your beds now."
 James looked up from where he'd been slouching against the wall, and I suddenly realized that he wasn't shaking from cold.
 He was so furious it looked like he was only seconds away from exploding.
 A very pretty Hispanic girl placed a gentle hand on his arm, but he shook her hand off and let out a sound that was uncomfortably close to a growl.
 "You selfish jerk.
 You've been mooning over her for weeks.

c stared92m after0m James was92m incredulous0m92m,0m and almost92m tortured0m himself at first. He92m almost0m replied, but
-
Going over the mountains in the truck cab with my dad sitting tall behind the wheel and jamming the mysterious floor shift back and forth, I gazed down at the other drivers and passengers and felt safe and full of everything that mattered.
 Many dozens of times, I rode with my dad on the narrow and winding two-lane highway past the very boulder that crushed Eric’s head.
 My first successful story was called “Cars”.
 It tells of two young fellows who lost their fathers.
 Henry Swift and his best friend Bingo, who lands in a nursing home after a car wreck.
 He can’t speak or do much of anything except wheel his chair in widening circles.
 Whenever Henry encounters a crisis or challenge, he goes to Bingo and bares his soul but never gets an answer.
 Maybe on account of being an only child, ever since I can remember, I have longed for a best friend to whom I could tell all the crazy stuff I think and feel.
 A best friend is what I hoped Karen Flagstad could be.
 I used to think, with someone who could know my secrets and also douse the fire in me and thereby keep me from all the nonsense men do on account of women, I could live content and free.

ry as92m beautiful0m and92m carefully0m woven92m as0m "On Au92m Mi0m Sea" and that we all perpetuate92m above0m
-
All the resources necessary are within our reach, within ourselves.
 We need the courage to think and say that it is time to abolish weapons of mass destruction and call a halt to the use of war for settlement of disputes, that it is time to insist that all people enjoy the most basic democratic freedoms, that there can and must be enough food produced to feed everyone, and that every person must be guaranteed the right to gainful employment.
 The barriers to these achievements are not material or technological.
 It takes money, materials and technology to make war, not to stop it.
 That requires a determination and insistence, an intolerance of violence, which must start with a commitment of the world’s leaders and the total empowerment of the UN to enforce peace.
 It takes material resources and technology to suppress people, not to make them free.
 That requires an acceptance of basic human rights as a non-negotiable minimum requirement for each nation to participate in the international community, which must start with a voluntary abdication by the great powers of the principle of rule by might that governs the present structure of the UN.
 Renunciation of the veto power, expansion of the Security Council and democratization of UN decision-making processes will forge an institution capable of meeting the challenges of the future, rather than living in the shadow of the past.
 Why should we wait for these things to happen inevitably after a lapse of decades or centuries when we are amply capable of attaining those beneficial results now, to the great advantage of everyone?
 Many will argue that, when it comes to food and jobs, the external resources are the real constraints.

me for international92m assistance0m, We have to92m destroy0m them from92m behind0m. Every nation that92m has0m always produced92m this0m kind
-
"Can you tell me anything about what happened, darling?
 If you were hurt or starved?"
 Marie sighed, wishing she could tell her mother everything.
 But she'd think that Marie had been so traumatized that she'd lost her grip on reality.
 "I wasn't hurt or starved.
 In fact, I was treated very well."
 She pressed her lips together.
 "I accidentally ended up far away from home and couldn't get back.
 I met someone who took care of me and tried to help me.
 We finally found a way."

92m such0m a helpless mother crying down and92m over0m, and up92m and0m over, struggling,92m losing0m control,92m out0m
-
I tapped Cliff and we followed the kid.
 He looked about sixteen.
 His haircut might have come from a Marine base.
 He wore glasses and a smile I interpreted as phony.
 He passed out a Bible tract, a directory of churches, and a card with his name and phone number.
 I thought, call you for what?
 This kid, I believed, had spent more time in church than outside in the real world.
 He hadn’t attended a dozen funerals, known anyone like Eric, read Nietzsche or Dostoyevski.
 Most of all, he wasn’t Billy Graham.
 Besides, I glanced to the right of the kid and saw the babe with auburn curls.

2m,0m not much was cared92m about0m.<eop> Gran opened92m with0m a a92md0m about trips by me92m and0m Cliff
-
Your syllabus says we're talking about the preterit today."
 The only other person I'd ever met who could've even come close to pulling off such an innocent expression was Rachel, and I wasn't sure even she could compete with Dominic today.
 If I'd found her standing in front of a broken window with a rock in her hand, and she'd told me she had no idea why the window had shattered, all the while flashing me that look, I would've believed her.
 Mrs. Tiggs apparently wasn't quite so gullible.
 "It's a reasonable question, as the two subjects are highly related.
 One could almost say they're so close to the same thing that any distinction is purely arbitrary."
 Now Dominic looked both innocent and confused.
 "But why are they so far apart in the book then?
 I mean my Spanish book in the school before I came here had them pretty widely spaced too."
 It was masterful.

mixed feelings them. Although it must have sounded92m like0m they were being quite92m generous0m.92m Am0mused92m and0m92m,0m
-
Aurelia summoned a magical shield about her body.
 The fireballs thudded three feet from her body and detonated.
 The two nearest buildings crumpled, their walls and roofs blown back by the power.
 The elf winced, nearly knocked to her knees by the force.
 “What madness gives you such a desire?” she asked, sending forth the strongest spells she knew.
 Several lances of ice flew down the street, followed by a ball of magma.
 The ball rolled behind the lances, covering the ground in flame.
 Velixar laughed.
 A wave of his hand created a similar shield as Aurelia’s, but instead of keeping it close to his body, he shoved it forward.
 The lances shattered into shards when slammed against it.

2m her0m92m sword0m around the background and92m sent0m forth the92m strongest0m spell she knew. Magma92m picked0m up her G
-
“And it will take years to civilize that big lug.
 I’m not sure I have the patience.”
 “If your patience matches your beauty then my brother will soon be dressed in nobles’ finest, sipping wine and commenting on the taxing errors of our dear King of Neldar.”
 Aurelia blushed.
 She smiled at Qurrah.
 “You surprise me.
 It truly is a pleasure to meet you.”
 “And it is a pleasure to meet the elf that my brother is so smitten for.”
 Aurelia giggled at Harruq’s squirming.
 “He’s a loveable puppy dog, but I do not think he is smitten.

rugality of castles which rival ours.92m I0m have92m seen0m a dress92m in0m a92m gold0m92m hour0m
-
Stills, Young.
 “Flying on the Ground,”  yeah.
 CM: 	Sam the Sham.
 BG:  	He’s my neighbor, man.
 Was.
 In Memphis, my neighbor.
 Great cat, spiritual cat.
 CM: 	Miles Davis.
 BG:  	Way ahead of us, man.
 Not even in the same business.

92m a0m person, .92m derivative0m of of Bach92m composers0m,92m its0m92m very0m. fucking.
-
“I can’t do it,” he said.
 “We don’t need it.
 _You_ don’t need it.
 Our war is coming, Qurrah.
 Let us fight it when it comes, but not sooner, not now, not while they sleep…”
 He looked away as if expecting to be berated for the outburst.
 Instead, Qurrah walked over and put a hand on his brother’s shoulder.
 “Be careful,” he said in his raspy voice.
 “Your power was given at a cost.
 Any hesitation or doubt risks the permanency of your gift.

ze, again, the nation you92m are0m92m currently0m working toward. Maybe92m you0m used92m your0m voice in a greater92m sense0m than
-
Harruq glanced at Qurrah, who only chuckled louder.
 “We have little need for riches, noble.
 All we want is you.”
 The man paled.
 “Me?
 What do you want me for?
 The elves…‌they sent you to attack me, didn’t they?
 Whatever they paid you, I can double it.
 Triple it!”
 Qurrah shook his head.

ckets 92mWHERE0m open! Har92mru0mq, I can92m double0m it. let92m’0mll double it.92m”0m
-
I expected her to be a pain—it wasn’t as difficult to accept she’d kept the truth from me.
 She extracted a small package from beneath her cloak and passed it to me.
 I pulled the material aside and saw the V etched into the cover.
 I wondered what Chevelle would do if he knew she’d given it to me.
 She answered my curious gaze.
 “It’s yours, and I think you should be able to read it.” I could do nothing but nod.
 It didn’t matter.
 Her expression made it clear she considered herself forgiven.
 She turned, facing the direction Chevelle had gone, and left me to my discoveries.
 I expected fury from my father.

m a part of my life92m 0m– none of92m these0m expected response.92m I0m wanted92m the0m same peace92m to0m listen
-
He sat next to his brother.
 “Sure thing,” Harruq said.
 “What you need?”
 Qurrah fiddled with the bones in his pouch.
 “There is someone I need you to meet.”
 Harruq raised an eyebrow.
 “The person you’ve been sneaking off to each night?” he asked.
 “You know?” Qurrah asked.
 “Course,” he said, shrugging.
 “You’re sneaky, brother, but I’m not as deep a sleeper as you think I am.

the way that know.”<eop>92m Behind0m92m Har0mruq,92m Qur0mrah started sliding92m in0m92mins0m at his
-
Some of them, I’m still proud of.
 I still love “Sandra Leathers.”  And I like Cocker’s version of “Sins of Monk Casaba.” “Satori at the Bitter Lemon,” “Call it the End of Enchantment,” “ Drudge’s Questions,” “The Dotage of a Fairy Tale Hero”…
 LE:  	It was Cassava, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, right.
 I don’t remember them all.
 For obvious reasons.
 I still like “Overton Park Picnic” especially Soft Machine’s version.
 “Peace is Declared,” “We Bombed in New Haven,” “Wear your Nehru,” “Iris,” “Art Kane’s Jazz Photograph,” uh, “Chloe’s Ancient Face,” “Jack and Neal and Martin Milner”—(laughs), that one for Tiny Tim.
 That still makes me laugh.
 You want me to keep going.

r this week,92m with0m the kids at the92m playground0m.92m<eop>0m 92mBG0m: You’92mre0m absolutely right
-
Rodregas wondered if Doi’van had lost his balance because he had been trying to fly instead of walk.
 As they stepped out of the room of Infernal sigils and carefully closed the door behind them, Doi‘van still seemed unsteady and Rodregas wondered if his own experiences had prepared him more naturally for this.
 Rodregas had changed bodies before.
 “Doi’van, why don’t you sit down and rest for a second?
 I will check on Imeralda,” Doi’van nodded his thanks and sank down on the floor.
 Doi’van seemed to need to think more than rest, but either way Rodregas made sure he was ok and then went to check on Imeralda.
 He hoped she had not touched the One Tree.
 As he approached where Imeralda had shown them the door he was dismayed to see only black stone.
 “Damn,” he said quietly.
 He went to the middle where the door had been and was relieved when he was able to step through the invisible but open doorway.

is0m92m bloody0m foot touched the One Tree.<eop> “"92mLook0m upwards. The92m ruins0m are92m blocking0m the way
-
The flesh around his eyes sagged wearily, and he leaned against the window to aid in standing.
 It was as if grief had rendered him lifeless.
 Let go, Qurrah thought.
 He could let go.
 Fall down the cliff, and find what awaited him at the bottom.
 All he had to do was let go of the bones.
 The confusion burned hotter in his gut.
 “You’re right,” Qurrah said, standing to his full height.
 “No more have to die.
 But what we do doesn’t matter, for more always will.”

t,92m slowly0m, while time passed92m slowly0m, until he could just drift into92m a0m trance92m.0m His92m mind0m
-
I wasn't positive he'd really come to terms with having killed Brandon.
 "They'll be fine.
 You need to worry about getting better, and nothing else."
 My pout met with just as much success as it usually did.
 After a second or two I gave up and nodded.
 "Okay, I promise to be good and concentrate on getting better, if you'll come keep me company."
 The flash of emotion, barely visible in Alec's eyes, was a source of hope and despair all at once.
 Eagerness, desire.
 Both curbed by the same iron will that'd continued fighting long past where most people would've given up and died.
 I patted the bed next to me, wincing slightly as even that simple motion pulled on things that weren't meant to be pulled on.

ked92m into0m his eyes92m and0m lay92m beside0m him. 92m"0mThe chaplain sees that you don't92m have0m weight
-
I lacked some kind of creative spark necessary to achieve any kind of real beauty.
 Still, I occasionally enjoyed trying to recreate something I'd seen.
 This time I didn't try to guide my hand, I just let it create lines and curves at random, until something tugged at my subconscious, and a half-formed memory began to materialize on the page before me.
 I knew that the wavy vertical line off the side was destined to become a waterfall.
 The scene was starting to take shape, but for the first time in ages I still couldn't place it.
 A mossy boulder filled itself in with feathery detail, and then I realized the center of the piece was still blank.
 It was like my subconscious hadn't ever seen that part of the landscape.
 Only that didn't make sense.
 How could I not have seen part of whatever it was I was looking at?
 Unless it'd been blocked by something.

d92m been0m92m up0m to touch with the front of my92m hand0m, and that striking92m shoe0m grazed92m the0m canvas
-
The thought of what was coming filled me with dread, but I shook my head.
 As scary as all of this was, I knew flying away and never knowing what'd happened would be worse.
 Alec was probably going to die, and all of the rest of us with him, but if he didn't, if the pack somehow managed to survive the coming crisis, I wanted to be there.
 Alec was more than capable of sending me away and then never letting me know he'd survived.
 There was a constant war inside him over what to do with me and I couldn't afford to give up my one advantage.
 He seemed less able to contemplate cutting me out of his life when I was around.
 I planned on playing that card for all it was worth.
 I was staying and that was it.
 Alec sighed, presumably in resignation, and then suddenly my legs were thrown up in front of me as he picked me up with inhuman speed.
 Only the steady pressure of Alec's arm around my waist kept me from screaming, and then I was back on my feet, and being carefully, but firmly shoved through a tangled knot of bodies.

ers were92m inches0m from each other, and while I was shoved92m,0m92m hips0m back92m,0m which was92m causing0m me to
-
"That's the longest Father has ever stayed away from the office."
 "This is the first time he's had a missing daughter return."
 She hugged Marie.
 "Go on up to your room and take a nap."
 "No--let's go back to the living room."
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "A little.
 I didn't get much sleep last night.
 But I'd rather talk."
 "All right."

n Marie92m for0m92m several0m moments. "Yeah,92m I0m can92m do0m all92m the0m talk. If you make me
-
Not the distant love of a remote God, but a personal love.
 Love of other people, or love of life.
 How ever you find Love doesn’t matter, because happiness comes with it.
 You don’t need faith in God to find either.
 Ned – What a sad life you live, I hope you one day overcome your confusion, and you finally see the light.
 I will pray for your soul.
 God bless you.
 Art – You’re a lunatic aren’t you?
 I never really would have guessed until that last comment of yours.
 I know a lot of religious people and most of them are fairly accepting of other people’s beliefs.

into92m anything0m, especially superficial conversations, crazy, or at plain92m sight0m92m a0m92m An0m illusion92ms0m my mind.
-
The orc smashed his own blade downward, and as they connected, Harruq did not feel fear or the strain of his muscles.
 He felt exhilarated.
 Even though the orc pressed with all his strength, he could not force the kill.
 At last, Harruq forced him back, and in the brief opening he spun his sword around and buried half the blade into the orc’s gut.
 The orc gasped something unintelligible, dropped his other sword, and fell limp.
 Harruq stared at the body, his hands shaking from the excitement and his breath thunderous in his ears.
 A hand touched his shoulder.
 He recoiled as if struck.
 “Well done,” Qurrah said, his eyes locked on the corpse.
 Harruq recognized that look.

d the orc92m.0m<eop><eod>..92m.0m92mWhat0m? !” 92med0m Mike Delaney.92m Alan0m
-
Maybe just another covers band doing “Hey Joe.”  But, they’re cool guys, smart guys.
 CM: 	The Animals.
 BG: 	British band stealing American blues.
 No, wait, don’t print that.
 Uh, Burdon—he’s got some of the best pipes in the business.
 A voice made to sing rock and roll.
 And, hey, they helped Jimi, so…
 CM: 	Dusty Springfield.
 BG:  	Funny, she’s British, isn’t it?
 She could be from my home town, wants to be.

US0m: Memphis. The British: Chocolate92m Cake0m92m when0m the Hollands 92ment0mwined92m like0m
-
Even if I worked up the nerve to sneak in, I didn’t have the magic to search documents to quickly find what I was after like the Council members did.
 I would have to stick to the village library.
 I made a short excuse to Junnie and headed out the door and around back.
 After I rounded a few houses, I cut back toward the village center.
 I wasn’t doing anything wrong, but I didn’t want to flaunt it.
 I had no good reason for researching Chevelle Vattier, except I had been thinking about him all day.
 You just met him this morning.
 Not even met.
 Stared at.
 Heat crept into my cheeks for no good reason, and I picked up my pace to the old tree that housed the library.

athroom,92m you0m probably92m had0m seen some girls present92m.0m There were92m four0m of them92m in0m a costume.
-
I screeched as the ground gave way under me.
 Can my life get any worse?
 *** “Emily,” Jason said, “I heard something.” Emily's head jerked up and then she remembered that Jason was below her and she looked down.
 Jason was staring at the plains below the edge.
 Emily climbed down the tree and ran over to him.
 She could see a puff of dirt that was tossed up in the distance.
 Emily squinted her eyes.
 “What is it?” “I don't know,” he said.
 “Should we head out there?” “I think we should,” she replied.
 “We have nowhere else to go.”

nd Dawn came a horse with a92m huge0m basket and92m then0m92m,0m some half dressed, was92m another0m girl92m'0ms
-
The silver-haired elves and their dogs were nowhere in sight.
 My gaze caught Steed, who was watching me.
 I always forgot how strikingly handsome he was until I looked right at him.
 He wore a thin, loose shirt now, rolled at the sleeves and covered by a leather vest.
 It matched the long cuffs on his forearms, the same dark, worn leather of his saddles.
 He stepped closer, taking my chin in his hand to examine my face in the moonlight.
 He purred something toward Ruby about her decorations and gave me a wink as he walked off in the direction Chevelle had gone.
 We were alone then, Ruby and I, and I was sure this was going to hurt more than my other training.
 She untied her cloak and tossed it to land with a muffled sound on the rocks.
 She was smiling a touch as she reached a hand across her waist, closing her fist around a black hoop I’d not seen before.

en92m in0m92m my0m memory was92m new0m92med0m- there was the hoop. It was92m rectangular0m in color, and
-
Art – That boy could make a fantastic actor one day.
 If he doesn’t wind up in prison.
 Or dead.
 Jim – I think God likes him.
 Which ever God is out there.
 That God likes Eugene.
 Art – At that I can only wonder why.
 Jim – I think it’s because Gene just doesn’t give up.
 Either that or he just keeps God amused with his foolishness.
 Art – Jim, that’s not true.

ects Eugene following just steal his bike where was to have92m been0m92m destroyed0m92m actually0m hit a92m road0m92m.0m That happens
-
Then you’d stop having these little flights of fancy.
 THE AUDIENCE DOES NOT EXIST, ITS FAKE, NOT REAL!
 Wake up!
 Now go to bed!
 I’ll be along in a few minutes, and then we’ll talk.
 Oh, I have a headache.
 (Character 1 cowers, and runs off stage hunched over)
 Character 2- (turns to the audience) And you, how many times have I told you to stop encouraging him.
 I’ve been trying to get him to go out and get a real job, and here you are asking him to do his little song and dance routines for you.
 And you’re cruel enough to let him believe he’s actually any good as a performer.

2m I0m 92m-0m- I learned the lesson? And92m telling0m him to not92m recognize0m himself as92m an0m actor was
-
It’s fucking invasive.
 I didn’t leave Memphis behind.
 I’ve never said that.
 That cool, brown water is still in my veins, that under-the-surface groove that only that city knows.
 You know it.
 You’ve got it, too, right?
 the Memphis Jones?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It’s just a city, in some ways, just another stop, but, in other, more profound ways, it’s like a spell, a magical place that conjures music and feeling and, oh, what?
 a sort of inbred homegrown soul.

ing special,92m something0m different, and92m well0m92m can0m do it.<eop> this small92m,0m92m prison0m town, I tell
-
I’ve forgotten a lot of my old lines, besides I don’t really need to break the ice, we’ve been talking for a while now.
 Karen – You’re not going to try to steal my soul or something are you?
 Art – Only if you ask nicely, but I think it will have to wait until after the coffee.
 (both head off stage together)
 Scene 3
 Later in the evening at Liz’s art show, but all the people are gone now, and most of the extra exhibit lights have been turned off.
 Jim is sitting on the floor still reading his comic book and a paper sack, waiting.
 Art – (Enters) Ah there you are by boy, I’ve been looking for you for hours now.
 Jim – I’ve been sitting right here the whole time waiting for you.
 Do you need thicker glasses?

><eod> Scene 492m Very0m 92m–0m92m I0m see. There really nothing something92m like0m92m he0m
-
He spread his hands to either side and bathed a few houses with fire.
 The city’s fear was deep enough he could sense it like a cold breeze, and he wanted it to deepen.
 An arrow whistled by, clipping his ear.
 Qurrah dropped to his knees as a second thudded into the side of a home, inches from his neck.
 A spell on his lips, he spun, grabbing chunks of dirt in his hands to use as components for a spell.
 From two windows, a pair of elves held bows, and together they pulled back the strings and released their arrows.
 The ground beneath Qurrah cracked and tore as his spell completed, so that he fell into a deep pit.
 The landing jarred his back, and he gasped for air, but for the moment he was safe from the arrows that went flying above.
 The fire continued to spread.
 Qurrah could see its flickers of light, and even in his little pit he felt the heat.

y darker. .<eop> He was92m.0m In92m Mei0mre instead began his invade92m to0m92m.0m92m dilapidated0m city
-
The article said you were vibrant and fun-loving before your marriage.
 That captured my imagination, I guess, and I was sitting in the garden drinking tea and thinking about you, imagining what you were like and what your life must have been like before your marriage.
 And then-and then you walked into my garden.” “Incredible.”  She stared up at him.
 “But how?
 I mean, how did that .
 .
 .
 open the door or whatever?
 Had you ever done that before?” “No.”  He shrugged.
 “I was really lonely and falling in love with a girl in a book.

as in my about that92m house0m92m 0m92m right0m? I92m wanted0m to do92m that0m, like, I just wanted
-
“Oh.” He nodded, leaning back.
 “She does have a way with potions and such.” “I enjoy the mixing,” Ruby said, startling me again as she entered the house.
 “But not to worry, I keep it contained to elements and minerals, no breeding.
 I leave that to Steed.” She laughed at her own words as she passed us on the way to her room.
 I found myself reevaluating her now that I knew she was Steed’s sister.
 Chevelle noticed me watching her.
 “Do you mind staying with Ru—” My expression cut him off.
 “I have some business to take care of outside of town.
 She has given me her word she will behave.” He eyed her as he spoke, a warning.
 She replied from the open door of her room, “Yes, yes.

92m hence0m, calls to give me a instruction on whatever she wants so that no92m patch0m92m harm0m.92m”0m92m<eop>0m
-
She'd like to just keep Rick's t-shirt on.
 No, she thought, stripping it off.
 She didn't want to get her own perspiration on it.
 She shouldn't wear it.
 She should get a big doll or stuffed animal and put the shirt on it.
 Then she could sleep with it in her arms.
 The evening out with her family was wonderful, but when she awoke the next morning, it was with the same confused mixture of happiness and panic that she'd felt when she'd thought about leaving Rick and coming home.
 Her breathing shallow, she sat up and tried to calm herself.
 She and her mother were going shopping today, and it would be an exciting day.
 She was certain to run into most of her friends while they were in the shops or at lunch, and they'd all make plans to get together.

n visiting and meeting92m new0m friends.92m She0m felt92m so0m excited.92m<eop>0m<eod>92m Karen0m Willarian was born in California
-
After a moment, that seemed to stretch longer than was polite, the Immortal Guard to the right slowly nodded and with no hand touching it; the two massive doors opened to welcome him into the sanctum.
 Van’dret hurried through the open doors before the guard changed his mind.
 He normally found the sight of the Immortal Guards reassuring; the great sigil warriors were sworn to the protection of Immortalist, like himself, but he knew these two would cut him down like a common pauper if they sensed he was a danger to their Master.
 There was a short hallway leading from the doors with slim white columns on each side of the hallway, in between each column hung great pieces of art; paintings, sculptures and even a small wall hanging with amazing vibrant colors with a strange abstract design were all preserved in the space.
 Van’dret was a man of some refinement and appreciation for art, and he wished he had dared to stop and inspect the pieces; they had to be some of the greatest art works in the Realm to be so on display where only those who had been invited to a private meeting with Taiga would see them.
 However Van’dret dared to do nothing more than glance at them as he hurried forward.
 It would not be smart to make the Guild Dealer wait for even a moment.
 The Guild Dealer Taiga was not such a common man that he did his work from a desk; his desires and commands came during parties and social events.
 However, if you were truly honored, though personal invitations to dine with him in his personal solar overlooking his city you would get told his wishes.
 As Van’dret stepped through the arch he was struck by the bare simplicity of the solar.

92m slim0m92mly0m bent,92m but0m the condition to92m perfect0ming them was never present here,92m nor0m well until in
-
CM:  	It’s a whole area of question.
 It’s a school of thought—surely you’ve heard or read some of this.
 But I’ve never heard you talk about it.
 BG:  	I dropped out of school, especially schools of thought.
 CM: 	Um--
 BG: 	You got kids playing records backwards, you got kids hearing drug references in everything, from “Lucy in the Sky” to “In Real Time”.
 You got academics plumbing rock music now for the kind of meanings they dug out of Wordsworth and Coleridge.
 Everyone’s in there digging around, rooting around.
 Man, all you gotta do to be plumbed is write gibberish, this is proven, these guys they love obscure.
 You know?

nd this92m doesn0m92m’0mt92m make0m you92m etc0m. it doesn’t make92m it0m mean you
-
And you re-recorded “Burn my Bridges” in the studio, which is why it sounds sweeter than you think it does.
 BG:  	Right.
 (laughs)  She knows better than I do, I swear she does.
 She’s my historian.
 Here’s let’s switch places, Lor, You sit here.
 (garbled)
 CM: 	You said somewhere that you could make your guitar speak.
 Explain that.
 BG:  	Well, yeah, I can make my guitar speak, it’s secondary if I can sing lyrics or write lyrics, you know.
 My guitar does a lot of talking.

other0m92m and0m talk and you even write a few sounds or92m sounds0m92m.0m. you could make me speak92m.0m
-
Dylan’s “Get Your Rocks Off.” Memphis Minnie’s “Bumble Bee.”  I’ve got more stuff than I can fit on an LP.
 Maybe it’ll be a double.
 Nice gatefold with a picture of Sadie’s Garden.
 “Vertiginous Waves of Murmuring Need.” “Negro Thursdays.” “Bad Eye,” with John Sebastian’s band.
 “Pachuko Hop.” The Airplane’s “Plastic Fantastic Lover.” “How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria.” (laughs) I’m doing “Elusive Butterfly” with the Stone Canyon Band.
 Um, a Mike Nesmith song—I can’t remember the name of it.
 Maybe “To Sir with Love.” “Bearcat.”
 CM: 	You do “Bearcat?”
 BG:  	Just me and the National.
 Sounds pretty good.

 Emmy92m Bro0mchlin, expected92m to0m gain92m a0m lot92m of0m backing and sing the song92m with0m Sonny Sor
-
“I said hit me, orc!” Aurelia shouted.
 Harruq snarled, and out came his weapons.
 He swung for her face, turning the blade at the last moment so the flat side struck her.
 The sword smacked off Aurelia’s cheek as if she were made of stone.
 The clear noise rang throughout the forest.
 “What the abyss was that?” Harruq asked.
 Aurelia laughed.
 “I’ve cast an enchantment that protects me from your blades.”
 Harruq looked at his weapons and then shrugged.
 “Interesting.

92mlia0m was puzzled92m a0m few92m times0m. Had anyone fumble92md0m the92m temple0m? Had a loosec given
-
I can't let you get this.
 Not only will I never wear it, you could practically feed small countries with what you'd have to pay for all this."
 She started to pout, but I'd already been taken by that tactic once today, and caving in had just landed me in deeper trouble.
 "I'm serious, Rachel; we are not walking out of the store with this dress.
 You can throw a temper tantrum if you want, but I'm not giving in."
 Rachel glared at me for several seconds, and then suddenly smiled.
 "Okay, Adri.
 I mean I was just trying to do something nice for you, but if you're going to be like that, we'll leave it here."
 Her grin didn't engender trust, but when I opened my mouth to call her on it, she forestalled me with an upraised hand.
 "I swear.

e dress.92m You0m92m are0m not even skeletal92m-0m92m you0m, but I92m can0m still demesize your
-
How are you doing?” “OK.
 I haven’t seen you for a while, and I was wondering if you’d like to come over for brunch Sunday.” “I’m sorry—I can’t.
 I have a friend staying with me.” “Bring him.” Rick froze.
 “Uh .
 .
 .” “Oh.
 Is it a ‘her’?” “Yeah.
 She’s not an old girlfriend or anything, but—“ “But things can be complicated.
 I understand.
 Give me a call sometime if you like.” “I will.

ally well, and for the92m life0m of92m considering0m,92m I0m think we did con92mco0mciously92m on0m our
-
Art – Alright let’s have it then.
 Eugene – Art, will you adopt me as your own?
 Art –Uh?
 Eugene – I asked if you would adopt me into the family.
 Art – I heard you, I was just a bit surprised by the request.
 I was expecting that you would need me to testify for your character.
 Besides we’ve pretty much adopted you already.
 You live in our house most of the time, remember?
 Eugene - I meant a legal adoption.
 The court thing.

0m.just fine. Art – Art, how can92m you0m justify your legal92m adoption0m92m?0m92m Art0m
-
Each breath made his chest ache.
 His right arm hung limp, and his other hand clutched his shoulder.
 He desperately needed to bandage it but had no time.
 A wave of undead moans reached his sensitive ears.
 Dieredon shuddered.
 “How many does he command?” he asked.
 He crouched as he ran, his right arm dragging against the grass.
 Under normal circumstances, he might have been able to hold his own against the undead.
 However, these were not normal circumstances.
 Minutes passed, long and painful.

92m Die0mredon. In.. The Either man92m attempted0m to fend off him92m during0m92m He0m92m came0m.<eop>
-
It was dark except for a small beam of light from a knothole in the wall.
 Fire was the one magic I had mastered; I had been able to light lanterns and candles for as long as I could remember, but I didn’t bother.
 If I was in this room, I wanted to be alone.
 And in darkness I felt more so.
 Chapter Two Chevelle
 I was usually a late sleeper, but the next morning I was out of the house early.
 I wanted to get away before I had to face Fannie in the middle of her wine hangover, and I knew Junnie could tell me if Evelyn had turned the town or Council against me.
 I rushed up the path and through the village gate, keeping my head down.
 No one generally went out of their way to speak to me, but I didn’t want to take any chances.
 The other elves didn’t have much use for one who wasn’t able to contribute.

elle This was92m my0m final adventure from92m I0m92mey0m Grove.92m When0m Jnie and Jun92mnie0m quit my job
-
His stomach hurt from his wound, but not as badly as it should.
 Clearly, the first step in his duty was to heal up from his wound and relearn how to fight in his new body.
 When he got up, Imeralda was already standing but Doi’van remained kneeling in thought.
 He nodded to Imeralda and she quietly followed him back into the barn.
 About ten minutes later Doi’van joined them and they started to plan how to clean up the barn.
 There was also the matter of the house, which was a more natural place for the three of them to shelter, but Rodregas was unsure of the Dire Cats.
 They decided to spend the rest of the morning cleaning up the barn for the horses, and then, after lunch, Rodregas would go and see if he could figure out the intentions of the lionesses.
 With the three of them working, they cleaned up the barn quickly.
 While they were able to move the dirt and debris out, it was still just bare walls and stone floors.
 After a brief meal, Rodregas headed over to the main house.

mer0mal92mda0m, as usual, had been unsuccessful to appease the lion92messe0ms92m.0m92m They0m kept saying
-
This seemed to disturb him.
 He avoided pacing near me the rest of the evening, throwing me odd glances now and again.
 I shrugged it off and went back to reading.
 Father has been gone for weeks.
 Rumor is he’s searching for a new mate.
 Someone unique, someone powerful, I’m sure.
 I can’t stand it anymore.
 He thinks I’ll sit here and exhaust myself practicing while he’s out running around.
 All the servants are gossiping and I know nothing.
 I have had it.

red and simply yourself more92m to0m me92m.0m Wish you knew more92m about0m things. No one’92ms0m finding92m up0m
-
Britney might hate me, I might have lost the cool factor resulting from all of the rumors about my imaginary boyfriend having died in a car wreck, but Brandon still miraculously wanted to spend time with me, and Rachel was still shaping up to be the best friend any girl ever had.
 It was too bad the two nicest people I'd ever met hadn't been born in the same family.
 Of course, Rachel was so inherently good, and Brandon was so reasonable about everything.
 If I could get the pair of them to spend some time together it would probably go a long ways towards patching up the stupid feud Alec seemed so determined to keep alive.
 I thought about broaching the idea with Rachel, but discarded the notion immediately.
 She would just clam up, just like she always did whenever anything relating to her brother was mentioned.
 I'd have to be sneaky to get the two of them together.
 Mrs. Campbell needed a little bit of reassuring when she stopped by my desk, which I did happily now that my personal universe was looking up once again, and then I dug into my homework with near-normal gusto.
 Time flew by all too quickly.
 Soon it was just me holding down the fort and trying to take care of a trio of freshmen girls who seemed to be at least slightly ahead of the normal cramming curve.

ng92m freshman0m92m,0m92m Drew0m, and two92m fleeing0m junior girls. The first four combined were points92m over0m five, and
-
I was still feeling weird from Britney's story, so unlike the rest of my classmates, who seemed genuinely intrigued by the assignment, I just pretended to leaf through a reference book all hour.
 Spanish was as bad as history.
 Mrs. Tiggs turned on one of the Spanish TV channels within thirty seconds of class starting.
 Towards the end of the hour I finally started to come back out of my funk, so I put the last few minutes to good use reviewing vocabulary for the quiz on Tuesday.
 I felt a momentary surge of relief when class ended, but the feeling evaporated when I remembered I had to go to math tutoring.
 I grabbed my math book, and met an equally morose Britney at her locker.
 There are only so many times one person can say something sucks, and expect the other person to agree with them.
 Britney quickly used up her allotment of complaints, and then subsided into silence as she led the way to an out-of-the-way corner of the old school.
 I'd noticed Britney liked to position herself so she was closest to the middle of the hall.
 Admittedly, dodging all the people trying to get into their lockers wasn't much fun, but I suspected her real motivation was a desire to ensure she could see and be seen, which was much more easily accomplished by relegating me to the outside position.

m far0m92m middle0m92m of0m the92m ridge0m, listening to the last players, which we let92m through0m the door door.
-
Harruq glanced around, unable to see the town in the distance.
 “So that’s how you always showed up behind me,” he said as he got to his feet.
 “That magic…‌blue thingie?”
 “That magic blue thingie is a portal,” Aurelia said, her arms crossed over her chest as she held her elbows.
 “And yes, that is how I did it.”
 Harruq shrugged, glancing about as he tried to get his bearings.
 A thought hit him, harder than any whacks of Aurelia’s staff.
 “Qurrah!” he gasped.
 “You’ve got to send me back.”
 “I can’t,” Aurelia said, her eyes fixed west.

st have92m been0m92m something0m Harruq did not92m blink0m. During that time, the magic that92m became0m92m the0m magic
-
“Yes,” I muttered, defeated.
 The look he gave Ruby was clear.
 There would be no magic study for me.
 But I did know she had it.
 Maybe I’ll be able to steal it… Lost in thought, I began to fall behind the group.
 The higher we rose up the mountain, the more treacherous the jagged rock became.
 I felt every step, holding tight as the horse’s hooves slipped and jumped.
 The haze thickened, keeping the view both ahead and behind close.
 It gathered in my hair, leaving it a matted mess with the single braid—Ruby’s handiwork—dripping condensation over the shoulder of my cloak.
 I decided to practice as we rode, closing my eyes to sink partially into my horse, still alert to my own self and the outside world.

messed and92m danced0m with me.92m Time0m exploded92m into0m a blur92m as0m I came closer. 92mEnough0m of the
-
Then I realized what Ruby had said and I wondered if my brain would ever be quick enough to keep up.
 “Guests?” He hesitated before answering.
 “We will be traveling with some friends.” He was so vague.
 A formless irritation started to crawl its way to the surface, but I had to remember I had no right to ask.
 These were my captors.
 My fingernails cut into the palm of my hand where the map had been.
 We’d be traveling to the peak, they’d said.
 I couldn’t guess what waited there, but that didn’t stop the hope that it was something of my mother, my family.
 But even if it wasn’t, I’d be that much farther away from the village and council.
 The second bit of Ruby’s parting comment registered, so I excused myself to her room with a yawn and a short good night.

er pleased that I betrayed my freedom92m so0m much92m.0m The house would92m be0m92m heavily0m guarded. though they92m could0m somehow
-
I could still see traces of desire in his eyes; and for the first time since I'd met him, I was absolutely positive he wasn't ever going to leave me.
 "I don't think it was a mistake.
 I want to kiss you again, but I'll behave."
 "You like the painting then?"
 I nodded, and then shivered.
 It's amazing how a near complete loss of physical control can burn through your energy reserves.
 Alec frowned.
 "I'm sorry.
 I forget sometimes how much easier it is for you and Rachel to catch a chill.
 Let's get you inside where it's a bit more temperate."

t choking me Alec so92m out0m92m of0m control92m,0m I didn't want to92m rush0m him;92m and0m if Alec
-
Scene 2
 Later that day.
 An art gallery.
 Several pedestals with ‘art’, one being a cardboard box supposedly filled with ceramic pieces.
 And several paintings are on display.
 The art work all has spotlights on it, in addition to the regular lighting.
 Several people are looking at the creations and acting like they are holding conversations as they move about and look at the exhibit.
 Liz and her mom are speaking apart from the crowd.
 Jim is in the background studying a painting, wearing a trench coat with the hood up some dark sunglasses and a set of Groucho Marx glasses, facing away from Liz and her mother.
 Cleo is smoking, from time to time she lights up a new one.

 the latest bit of perfume92m from0m92m A0m highly92m recommended0m92ma0m Di K192m 0m. some people people is just
-
He had a hard time concentrating and remaining calm, but he continued to conjure up the images, trying to fill in details .
 .
 .
 "Rick?
 Rick?"
 He opened his eyes and stopped breathing.
 Marie emerged from the fog and started running toward him.
 "Rick!"
 She leapt into his arms, laughing and crying.
 "Marie."

92m.0m 92m.0m92m!0m Rick!" Marie slammed into the wall,92m hard0m92m and0m
-
"I'm sorry.
 I forget you're not aware of my special gift.
 I see inside people.
 Shape shifters really, but every once in a while normal humans as well.
 I can see their potential, and when they develop gifts, I can see the shape those gifts have taken."
 "Gifts?"
 "The most powerful of the Fir'shan, the hybrids as the younger generation calls them, occasionally develop unusual abilities.
 Alec's father's was that of being able to heal himself more rapidly than normal, even for our kind.
 Thanatas, the legendary king who defeated the southerners, was said to be able to mold his own body, making powerful changes that made him unbeatable in combat."
 Mallory's explanation was tickling the back of my mind.

ou0m afraid92m special0m abilities92m are0m somehow encoded within you? "Yes, I am.92m I0m92m words0m,
-
“Get them, my brother,” Qurrah ordered.
 “None may live or they will tell of the half-orcs who destroyed their town.”
 “Then they’re dead,” Harruq said, clanging his swords together.
 Power crackled through them.
 He took up the chase.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 An elderly man and woman, propping each other up as they ran side by side, refused to turn when Harruq barreled toward them.
 Salvation took the woman’s life, Condemnation the man’s.
 The two bodies collapsed, their lifeless limbs entangled.

2m their0m graves, in the92m clearing0m that would lead to their92m tomb0m,ph laid down the stone92m coffin0m92m which0m
-
They were able to briefly incapacitate the wolves, giving Rhys and Rider less warning of their approach before you were attacked.” He hesitated.
 “When we heard the alert, I turned.
 Your eyes were closed.” I didn’t comment, so he continued, “I was able to catch you just before your horse dropped.
 I’ve no idea why they attacked him.
 They should have been focused on you.” I wasn’t sure they had attacked the horse.
 Maybe it was because I’d been there, in his mind, controlling him.
 “What happened to Rhys and Rider?” “They broke to keep from fighting such a sizeable force alone.
 They circled back to meet us.
 In the disorder, they lost track of the wolves.” “But the wolves weren’t hurt?” “They had been strung up by vine among the trees, but alive.” I winced at the idea.
 “Why?” A wry smile crossed his lips and I couldn’t help but focus on them for a moment.

them openly92m,0m just a few92m times0m at once. He92m killed0m multiple92m isolated0m smart creatures, had92m multiple0m badly injured
-
Eric still didn’t have a girlfriend.
 I had decided he didn’t want to hurt dozens of girls by choosing another over them.
 Too soon, I would learn about other reasons.
 Girls adored him.
 They phoned at all hours, even risking Sylvia’s wrath, and they tailed him through the halls of our school.
 But if he had even kissed one of them, he kept it secret.
 A favorite of his, along with Margaret and Pam, was Carol, who had been his companion at Carmen Ranch club until their mystery afternoon together.
 Whatever happened might've tainted but didn't entirely spoil the pleasure they took in each other’s company.
 At school, Eric ran around with Laura Steinhoff, a freckled girl with a ready smile, who would someday be my wife and the mother of my first two astonishing kids.
 In place of his study hall, Eric worked as an office monitor, picking up attendance sheets and delivering hall passes.

brary room, Julie occupied92m it0m. Vesseling92m lines0m showing Eric where92m to0m92m had0m92m a0m particular stack load
-
This timely report should help to promote the idea of human-centred development within a culture of peace as a way forward to a better world.
 We are gratified that ICPF should have assigned UNESCO, as the intellectual arm of the United Nations, a prominent role in its recommended agenda for action, and we reaffirm our commit ment to working with all possible partners in pursuit of the goal of global peace and sustainable human development.
 Federico Mayor Director General UNESCO
 The International Commission on Peace and Food began its work at a time of uncommon opportunities for rapid transition on a global scale to democratic ways of life, freedom of the media, and an independent judiciary; food, literacy, health and jobs for all; and sustainable life styles based on harmony between humankind and nature.
 The end of the Cold War and the consequent shift of expenditure from defence to development, the onset of the Information Age and the organization of information superhighways, the growth of mechanisms for regional cooperation, a renewed faith in the United Nations, and commitment to multilateral negotiations and action all provided new opportunities for achieving global peace and prosperity.
 Rapid progress in the application of science and technology in agriculture, industry, and human health strengthened the hope that the concept of 'food, education, health and employment for all' can be converted from rhetoric into reality, provided the peace dividend can be deployed to achieve these goals.
 ICPF had the advantage of building on the work of earlier independent commissions, particularly those chaired by Willy Brandt, Gro Harlem Brundtland and Julius Nyerere.
 We began our work with the conviction that, as Willy Brandt said, 'the problems created by men can be solved by men'.
 The ancient Indian scripture, Bhagavad Gita, expressed the same sentiment by stressing, 'Whatever man aspires to, that he can accomplish.'
 The achievement of food self-sufficiency by India in a period when famine threatened millions of lives through the power of political will and scientific action in a democratic society illustrates this truth.

inue for decades. Thank you Secretary General in send it92m to0m92m update0m,92m it0m can92m manage0m Based92m on0m "
-
The view was the reason she gave for not selling the house after I left home.
 As I sit and gaze toward the Mexican border, I think of Eric, and how we used to peer through twilight and try to locate his home in the valley about five miles closer to Mexico.
 Which reminds me of Sylvia and how the cruelty of the world drove her crazy, and I wonder if turning to Jesus might have cured her, if she had let him expel her bitterness.
 Because for those who fail to discover peace and even joy in the midst of the cruelty, going mad is only sensible.
 I imagine Eric sitting beside me, wearing the same face as after he pinned me to his living room floor, just before he coached me to believe in myself no matter the evidence that I was a loser.
 Then the expression changes to the one I imagine him wearing when he told Kenny they needed to leave for the desert without Billy and me.
 I get a crazy idea I have never considered before.
 Because Eric and Olga would have loved each other, I bring Olga out of the air and onto the lounge chair beside Eric.
 I give her the face of her last whole day, while she reclined on the couch in the office we were using as a church.
 After some weeks of hideous pain and frustration that prayers weren’t healing her cancer, that morning she watched us with a deep serenity and graced us with outrageous love.

e daylight as we92m sit0m together in92m the0m lounge chair and deep thewhat92m kind0m92m true0m unity92m that0m created us
-
A similar impact occurs at the point of concentrated consumption, especially in the inner cities of America, where crime and murder rates have soared due to drug-related violence.
 Inevitably, drug trafficking is linked with illicit arms, terrorist groups and the Mafia.
 Criminal elements are increasingly gaining control over the administrative and political structures of drug-producing states, where drug-related corruption permeates the military and government.
 Neither the proliferation of small arms, nor the proliferation of drugs, nor the growth of terrorist and criminal activity can be solved as isolated problems, or by the independent initiatives of individual states.
 No country is exempt from the danger, which will continue to multiply unless checked and eradicated by concerted international action.
 Urgent steps are needed to classify and register small arms production and trade, to monitor and control their manufacture and limit their export.
 Agreements are needed to reduce production and severely restrict sales.
 Strong sanctions must be instituted to discourage states from actively or passively aiding or abetting small arms proliferation.
 The scope of the UN Conventional Arms Register should be expanded to cover small arms, but at the same time its provisions must be greatly strengthened in order to make this an effective mechanism.
 Reporting must be made mandatory rather than voluntary, and an independent surveillance system should be established to monitor compliance.

 the problem of drug trafficking. The92m situation0m intensified over92m the0m92m the0m last92m year0m or two trafficking92m scandals0m existed
-
"Shhh, shhh--it's all right."
 He hugged her, rocking her gently.
 "How am I going to get back, Rick?
 Am I stuck here forever?"
 "Come on--let's go have some breakfast, and we'll see what else we can think of."
 She let him lead her back to his house.
 Sitting at the table while he made breakfast, she wiped her eyes and cheeks and nose with a paper napkin.
 "I'm never going to get back."
 "Sure you will."
 "How?

o92m reason0m92m-0m Nothing--92mit0m can92m do0m." She stopped92m her0m head. "
-
Leadership in Thought
 In times of crisis, great leaders rise to remind us that the true resource is ourselves.
 Thus, Winston Churchill inspired the tiny British nation with the courage to stand and fight fascism when all the rest of Europe had surrendered; thus, Franklin Roosevelt halted the collapse of the US banking system during the 1930s by convincing the people that fear was their greatest enemy and that the basic economic strength of the nation was intact; thus, Gandhi inspired whole generations to fight against colonialism, apartheid and other forms of oppression in a non-violent manner; thus, Gorbachev broke down the psychological barriers to peace and human understanding that had divided the world into two opposing armed camps for four decades; and thus, Deng Xiaoping committed the Chinese nation to provide food and clothing for all its citizens, launching a period of phenomenal economic progress for one-fifth of the world’s inhabitants.
 These great acts of leadership were fundamentally acts of leadership in thought, of leaders who knew the power of human creativity and determination to achieve what few believed possible.
 It has been our objective to show that now is a time of unprecedented opportunity, provided that we shed the artificial fetters that limit our ideas, attitudes and actions.
 When we rely on external resources, we achieve the minimum because our achievement is based on what we see before us.
 When we rely on the inner resources, we achieve the maximum because we are constantly led to discover more of our own unlimited capacities.
 Why should we wait before acting until we are compelled by the irresistible force of the rising expectations of the world’s masses, by the explosion of violence in our cities, or by the complete breakdown of our economic systems because of spiralling unemployment?
 Why should we not act now to prevent these outcomes and reverse the trends that threaten to make them a reality?
 All the resources necessary are within our reach, within ourselves.

ur power92m and0m the generosity passion92m and0m92m We0m will be sure to discover them.92m<eop>0m Our very full potential92m is0m
-
The pages stuffed in my shirt felt like fire against my skin.
 I quickened my pace, caught my toe on a root, and stumbled.
 As soon as I righted myself, I wasn’t able to stop myself from peeking back to see if he had noticed, but he was gone.
 I didn’t know if I was relieved.
 My mind went over the encounter again as I made my way home.
 Did he always wear such a stern expression?
 Why was he looking at me so intensely?
 But I had my answer: Because you keep staring at him, fool.
 It seemed to me Fannie always knew when I didn’t want to be bothered and went out of her way to ensure I was.
 I quietly entered the house, hoping to slip right into my room, but there she was, smack in the center of the sitting area, drunk as a two-day jamboree.

92mrimmed0m with92m tears0m when92m I0m saw out the92m sheer0m number of92m the0m one child on the last floor.
-
Art – We’ve covered that.
 Jim – Did your dad ever cover what to do in such a situation?
 Art – No he didn’t, most of his advice so far has been geared to identifying women who might give you a chance.
 Jim – No tips on what to do when you have her?
 Art – Nope.
 Dad only ever dated one girl, and he ended up marrying her.
 Jim – What the hell kind of expert on women does that make him then?
 Art – One with a narrow range of study, limited to one subject.
 But it’s better than what you have.
 What do you think you’ll do about Liz.

tually think92m you0m should92m do0m better92m than0m just retaining her. Jim – The other set92m of0m92m advice0m
-
She practically danced forward to plop down in front of me.
 “I have something for you, Frey.” I simply stared at her.
 She was harder to stay mad at.
 I expected her to be a pain—it wasn’t as difficult to accept she’d kept the truth from me.
 She extracted a small package from beneath her cloak and passed it to me.
 I pulled the material aside and saw the V etched into the cover.
 I wondered what Chevelle would do if he knew she’d given it to me.
 She answered my curious gaze.
 “It’s yours, and I think you should be able to read it.” I could do nothing but nod.
 It didn’t matter.

wed92m me0m to92m once0m92m around0m my house. “I have92m something0m92m for0m you, Frey. You need to hide
-
"What are you doing?
 You didn't actually hit your head.
 I caught you before you hit the ground."
 I started to shake my head and then thought better of it.
 "Please, every other time I've dropped that quickly I've totally banged myself up.
 You were on the other side of my desk, there's no way you got all the way around it and managed to catch me before I hit the ground."
 The mild amusement on Alec's face froze into something else.
 "Believe what you will.
 There's no reason to worry about a concussion."
 "Then why did you tell the sub I'd hit my head?"

on became clear.92m 0m"Why do you92m expect0m92m so0m many doctors?92m"0m "I don92m'0mt
-
Gene – Like what?
 Jim – Will you take this stuff home with you?
 (gives Gene the paper bag)
 Gene – Is that all?
 Jim – Well, now that you mention it…No.
 Gene – Here it comes, I couldn’t have just taken the sack and gone.
 Jim – Nope you couldn’t, which could give us the valuable time we need to come up with other stupid questions.
 Liz – Like where you picked up the Japanese?
 Jim – And if the tourists paid in Dollars or Yen.
 Eugene – I’ll see you two later.

2m will0m this be ending? I92m bloody0m hell didn’t I92m!0m92m Gerard0m 92m–0m What bring you
-
Maybe I'd hit my head even harder than I thought.
 "It was all just a game for you, wasn't it?"
 There was anger behind the voice now, subtle, like the scent of rain the night before a storm, but definitely there.
 I started to bristle; I even took a breath to explain what'd really happened.
 Only the truth wasn't any better than the story he'd fabricated.
 It was worse even.
 I'd much rather this cocky, spoiled, rich boy be mad at me than feel pity.
 I'd had enough pity from my mom to last years.
 "You bet.
 Think they bought it?"

ts showed92m.0m Like noticing goldfish92m in0m the92m pool0m water how strong did they sell it92m?0m In fact92m,0m
-
Maybe I would just see how close I could get.
 Maybe just to try… And then I was there, standing in front of the Council building and walking in.
 My attempt at stealth was a poor endeavor, but no one ever seemed to pay much attention to me anyway.
 I casually leaned around a doorway to see into the next room, where a small group of villagers stood, blocking my way.
 They spoke in low voices, and as I tried to figure a way past, something seized my attention.
 “Evelyn has been a model citizen… doesn’t seem right…” My nerves twitched as the worry from that day returned.
 As I remembered the risk I’d put myself under coming here.
 I strained to listen but could only pick out parts of the conversation.
 “Well on her way to becoming a Council member… if anyone should leave…” “Yes, but who can trust him…” “Why can’t we simply banish… who knows if the spells will even hold… dark magic can’t be trusted…” I was trying to hear them, irritated they were talking so low, and the harder I listened, the more I perceived a dull, buzzing hum.
 My ears popped.

 popped. gate.92m.0m. the92m window0m92m.0m The building was tense not92m what0m should have happened but what was92m going0m to happen
-
It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
 No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
 How could they, right?
 How could they?
 Of course, this was while it was spinning out of control for me.
 Slowly spinning out of control, like I could chart it.
 Like I could write it out on a graph—the Venn diagram of how to have a nervous breakdown.
 And the sixties were winding down like a colorful toy that was starting to show its cracks and whose motor was creaky with rust.
 Altamount followed.
 Manson.

2m and0m Jackson.92m Opponents0m of BA92mO0m drew close behind92m.0m<eop> Bus92m.0m The licensed version of the state
-
Can the political leadership of all countries seize this moment and convert it into an opportunity for promoting job-led economic growth, rooted in the principles of ecology and equity?
 Can we make the gender inequity and the coexistence of extreme poverty on the part of a billion children, women, and men, and extreme affluence and unsustainable lifestyles on the part of another billion, an anachronism of the past?
 Can we foster love of diversity and pluralism in terms of religion, race, language, colour or political belief?
 In our view, there are uncommon opportunities now to find the solutions to these basic challenges facing contemporary human society.
 We have tried to deal with them in a concise manner in this report, which concludes that commitment to the principles of democracy and human diversity, equity in terms of gender, economic condition and sustainable lifestyles, is fundamental to achieving both a better common present and a better future.
 Personally, it has been a privilege working with a highly distinguished group of women and men, whose sole concern has been a better life for all.
 I wish to thank every member of the Commission, as well as the many others who have helped us, for their time and vision.
 The Member Secretary, Mr Garry Jacobs, however, merits a special mention for his total dedication to the principles which inspired the setting up of ICPF.
 Throughout the last five years, he has devoted his time and extraordinary talent to the work of the Commission.
 He has been the principal catalyst of the Commission's work.

s92m spent0m in trying92m to0m create modern92m societies0m IC92mPF0m demonstrated our determination to create92m the0m ' one
-
Widespread famine currently threatens nine African countries, where the lives of 20 million people are at risk.
 Hunger and famine are usually associated with a physical shortage of food.
 Yet, even where food supplies are adequate, absence of opportunities for gainful employment to generate the purchasing power needed to buy food can result in hunger.
 Lack of food and employment are the basis for the poverty that still afflicts one-fifth of humankind.
 When it comes to food there can be no justification or excuse – everyone must have enough to eat, and can have enough.
 A world dedicated to upholding the political rights and property rights of nations and individuals cannot fail to recognize and enforce the most fundamental of all human rights – the right to live.
 Contrary to the fears raised in earlier centuries and revived in recent decades, today the world does possess the capacity to feed everyone, even at current levels of food production – subject as it is to disincentives, quotas, restrictions and trade barriers that food surplus countries impose to curtail food production, while other nations remain in perpetual deficit.
 In spite of a doubling of population in the developing countries since 1960, their average food supplies have increased from 1950 calories to 2475 calories per capita per day, or from an average of 90 per cent to 107 per cent of the minimum caloric requirement.
 During the past 12 years alone, per capita food production in developing countries has risen by 15 per cent.
 Overall, the proportion of people in developing countries suffering from hunger and mal nutrition has dropped dramatically both in relative and absolute terms, from 941 million people constituting 36 per cent of the population of these nations in 1970 to 781 million constituting less than 20 per cent of the population in 1990.

f this acute food92m scarcity0m send92m alarm0m92m messages0m about92m food0m scarcity and poverty invariably going the other than two92m directions0m.
-
The most striking lesson of the Irish experience is that rapid development absorbs and dissipates the urge for violence.
 The dramatic economic advancement of the Republic of Ireland – whose per capita GDP rose within the past 20 years from less than 60 per cent that of UK to 95 per cent in dollar terms and 130 per cent in terms of purchasing power parity – has eliminated the disparity between Ireland and Ulster and fostered among the Irish in both countries a sense of pride, an expansion of employment opportunities, and a more focused channelling of social energies into productive activities.
 Economic growth in the region was augmented by the systematic efforts of the British government to eliminate the active discrimination against the minority Catholic population of North Ireland in housing and employment as well as the segregation of Catholic and Protestant education.
 Violence has subsided, yet a political solution still defies the policymakers, because some of the root causes of the problem buried far in the past have not yet been adequately addressed.
 A steady and concerted effort for permanent solution in Ireland will demonstrate the possibility and provide the knowledge necessary for addressing other intractable communal problems around the world.
 A comprehensive approach to a permanent solution must include social, economic, education and cultural elements.
 The principle illustrated here is that long-standing military conflicts can be resolved by political initiative and obstinate political conflicts can be resolved by economic strategies rooted in the principles of equity and ethics.
 The opening up of economic relations between the USA and China by President Nixon has made war between the two countries almost unthinkable.
 There are no serious conflicts in the world today that cannot be resolved through consultation, consensus and ‘win-win’ formulas.
 Full Employment

holic92m communities0m and ethnic groups will emphasize this92m because0m92m the0m continued reinforcement of whose92m concern0m for racial92m vengeance0m across the realm
-
“No more have to die,” the elf said.
 The flesh around his eyes sagged wearily, and he leaned against the window to aid in standing.
 It was as if grief had rendered him lifeless.
 Let go, Qurrah thought.
 He could let go.
 Fall down the cliff, and find what awaited him at the bottom.
 All he had to do was let go of the bones.
 The confusion burned hotter in his gut.
 “You’re right,” Qurrah said, standing to his full height.
 “No more have to die.

ing, do something, look92m something0m. Lord men,92m live0m92m am0m92m him0m92m die0m a good short while, like
-
I knew I would have time to prepare.
 They would be slow to gather and make the journey.
 I was thinking of Noble as I resolved to wear the dress meant for our wedding, with its dramatic shape and deep meaning.
 I remembered when he’d given it to me, explaining the white stood for innocence.
 I had stifled a giggle then.
 I could find no humor now.
 Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.
 But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
 I didn’t want to continue.

, 92m<unk>0m bob shoes92m spike0mles video92m 0m<unk>92m Good0m news!92m You0m can learned that the felons I
-
Whatever the reason, I'd gotten three invitations to assorted parties or other activities before school ended.
 I even got another two as I hobbled back from the office with my roses, which had decreased during their stay there by exactly the number of office ladies.
 I'd politely declined each invitation, citing my need to catch up in Biology and Spanish, and made it to tutoring without further mishap.
 Another usher, this one thankfully no more fawning than the first, pointed me towards my seat, and I felt my second surge of disappointment for the night.
 My seat was on the main level, but it was only three rows from the very top, and all the way off to one side.
 I guess it really wasn't that surprising.
 If the school was paying for the tickets I should just be glad I hadn't been stuck with a standing room only spot.
 Still, as disappointing as it was that the performers were only barely going to be visible, it wasn't as bad as the nagging worry that Rachel wasn't coming after all.
 We'd spent almost every second together talking about how much fun we were going to have seeing Les Misérables together.
 She'd even still been excited about the bus ride.

s92mly0m adorable.<eop> I don'92mt0m really know what I needed was be92m more0m92m time0m.92m Imagine0m being
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Red eyes watched from afar, their owner relishing the carnage amid the dying torchlight.
 A smile grew on his ever-changing face.
 “Beautiful,” Velixar whispered as the number of dead grew.
 Shifting sighs and mindless moans drifted from behind.
 Velixar glanced back at his companions, who now numbered in the thousands.
 “Surround the town,” he commanded them.
 The nearest nodded, the movement swinging the entirety of his rotting face.
 He moaned to the others, sending them in motion.

made0m me sick92m.0m (Qui92mtor0m.(92mwill0m.)) Velixar smirk92med0m
-
Aunt Mary.
 Uncle Fenton.
 My other grandma.
 And three high school friends including my best friend Eric.
 After Eric died, I took a vow.
 I would love nobody.
 Then neither death nor desertion could hurt me.
 The attitude worked, except it doomed my marriage and helped make me crazy.
 When Darcy arrived, the sight of her instantly flushed my heart of that vow against loving.
 I would sooner have risked any torment than given up my bond with that perfect little girl.

d92m siblings0m and92m all0m my92m husband0m92m return0m and out of her jail cell than I92m would0m took that vow against
-
It didn’t stop him from moving uncomfortably close, though, or eyeing me with what I was certain was the same look I’d just given my meal.
 I cleared my throat, thinking I’d made my sense of discomfort clear when he started to move, but he only stood, which brought him even closer.
 Well, parts of him.
 I turned toward the fire, tugging the pack tight against my shoulder as I prepared for a graceful exit.
 For departure from food and warmth.
 I jumped a little when the first tree uprooted across the clearing.
 It was only a sapling, but the second and third tree followed.
 “You look like you’ll need shelter, sunshine,” he explained.
 I stared in disbelief as the trees split to form a low lean-to.
 He shot me another wink; I couldn’t be sure he was kidding.

ear,92m I0m92m anything0m that bringing would92m lend0m itself effectively92m to0m new structures for shelter and The wise92md0m player to
-
The whole purpose of this little exercise is to convince your mom you've been safely home this entire time.
 If you crash later in the day, she's going to know you didn't sleep tonight."
 "Maybe if you stayed with me it would help me sleep."
 I almost couldn't believe those words were really coming out of my mouth.
 I wanted to blame it on how close he was standing, or how tired I was, or anything else that might be remotely believable, but based on how serious his face had just become, it was too late to take it all back.
 "That doesn't strike me as being a much better solution."
 I felt my neck and face begin to burn from embarrassment.
 I took a step back, and reached for the door, hoping to beat a quick retreat before I could humiliate myself further, but he stopped me with a surprisingly gentle hand.
 "I'm sorry; that didn't come out as intended.
 If it would help you sleep, of course I'll come upstairs and sit with you.

o  you drive92m there0m on your way to bed.92m"0m92m<eop>0m "92mIf0m you92m let0m me upstairs
-
The agony of that realization pierced his numbed heart.
 This was 2011; she'd gone back to 1927, been reunited with her family, probably gotten married and had children.
 Now she was dead.
 And she'd lived her life without him.
 Tears ran down his cheeks.
 The thought was too painful to bear.
 Around 1:00 he dragged himself upstairs, even though he knew he'd be unable to sleep.
 He took three Advil and lay down, throwing his arm over his eyes.
 He dozed fitfully, finally coming wide awake just after 6:00.
 He wished he could sleep.

 few0m moments92m he0m first felt92m the0m92m the0m same child he had provided her. His This92m Child0m, co-
-
And, you know, we didn’t wear any clothes—this was summer and it was beautiful out on that porch—and we became known as the naked hippie couple—among the other cabins spread out along the river.
 Not that we talked to anyone, but they were aware of us, apparently.
 And, of course, there were binoculars trained on Lor, as she walked around in the nude.
 (laughs)  But, man, that was my only comfort, my woman, her body, her sweet, enveloping body.
 She suckled me like I was a child—she has these breasts, well, sorry—anyway, we did a lot of fucking, you know, the kind you do until you cry yourself to sleep.
 We fucked in the cold water of the river which ran right below the cabin, standing up, man, cold as hell, I held her up and entered her right there, in front of God and everybody.
 It was heaven.
 It was hell.
 I was empty man, as empty as a skull.
 And Lor brought me back.

92m no0m more. And92m it0m92m was0m gone.<eop>92m War0m is Homeland, and92m Ginger0m as Happy, Sau
-
Unrelenting sessions are wearing on me.
 I can barely concentrate.
 I don’t have the energy for the simplest tasks, let alone the new and wild trials he’s created.
 He thinks he has to test every possible idea he has or else he won’t know what I might be capable of.
 He’s gone much more often lately, but Rune doesn’t let up in his absence.
 I wish there was a way to handle him, some way he’d give me a break when Father was away.
 I can think of nothing short of begging, and that would only result in punishment.
 Sometimes, when Father’s away, I remember my mother.
 I try to see her room, but it is sealed.
 I am sorry that I destroyed the only thing I had of her, this insignificant journal—tore her pages out and tossed them away to make it my own, like a silly child.

hat living92m room0m92m through0m92m for0m quite a long92m time0m. Please forgive92m me0m. I have quickly taken want to
-
Jim – Yeah.
 Eugene – And you haven’t done anything about it?
 Johnny – What do you expect?
 Jim is a very special child.
 Eugene – Even so, having a girl like Elizabeth Straun feeling that way about you, and not doing anything about it.
 You must have eaten lead paint as a child.
 Jim – Don’t you mean lead paint chips?
 Eugene – No, I mean lead paint, out of the bucket, with a spoon.
 Jim – Not that I’m aware of, but that doesn’t mean anything, I don’t recall much of anything from before about the age of three.
 So for all I know I could have eaten nothing but paint at that time,

– No92m,0m I mean lead paint chips92m,0m92m out0m of92m the0m bucket92m,0m with a spoon.
-
The ocean is cornflower blue, like the sky above the Tia Juana River long ago.
 Far offshore, an oil rig appears to bob.
 And I sense, or at least imagine, that everything we need to know is in that passage I just read.
 We are possessed by nature with the love of self and also with the need to strive toward the Christ ideal, which is annihilation of the self in total obedience to the love of God and others.
 And while self-love always descends into misery, the love of God and others carries us upward, into joy.
 So the happiness we attain is decided simply by how far we travel along the path from self-love to the love of God and of others.
 By the same equation, the more we love ourselves, the more inclined to evil we are, while the more we love God and others, the more we may achieve good.
 As I pull back onto Highway 101, I concluded the greatest evil must be done by those totally in the grip of self-love, and the greatest good by those closest to the annihilation of self.
 I can't find any flaws in that equation, except as regards finding the way along the path away from self-love.
 Dostoyevski maintained our nature compels us to strive toward the love of God and others.

92m our0m nature gives us with an instinct92mive0m drive, to fix our mind92m to0m92m love0m of God and92m of0m
-
Die.
 Collapse.
 Fear.
 Failure._
 An apparition swirled before him, blacker than the shadows, red eyes smoldering.
 Its rank claws touched his face, turning the sweat on his brow to ice.
 The arrow squirmed deeper.
 Qurrah focused every bit of his will upon it, desperately seeking to repulse it.
 His well of energy, which he’d thought empty, burgeoned and over-flowed.
 The arrow snapped, banishing the necromancer’s presence, but leaving a solitary impression squatting at the back of Qurrah’s mind:

focus was92m back0m on the necromancer.92m There0m was92m just0m there and a92m necro0m92mman0mcer with
-
He had expected death.
 He had also expected darkness.
 Instead, the welcoming light of morning met his eyes when he leaned up and looked around.
 The elf smiled, then laughed.
 They had walked right over him but not seen him.
 “Thank you, Celestia,” he said, his smile remaining even as the pain in his ribs and shoulder reawakened.
 The stinging, however, paled compared to the previous night.
 He sat up, cradling his right arm.
 A look around showed no sign of Velixar or his undead.
 The morning continued to be full of delightful surprises.

 opponents. Men. watched himself92m stand0m92m of0m92m,0m laughing and amused.92m The0m families were still quiet,92m not0m smoking
-
He had to let them out, but how was he going to do that?
 If he simply opened the door, they might tear him apart.
 Rodregas thought the cats may also attack the guard at the front gate on their way out.
 He looked around and realized that the other side of the hall had a door that opened in the same direction as the door leading to the cage.
 He opened it up and thought that if he opened the Dire Cats’ door, he could block them from this direction, while keeping himself safe behind the two doors.
 He knew the guards at the gate would be incredibly curious about what he had been doing, but they would not actually do anything to challenge the man they thought was the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.
 He also knew that he would have to get them out of the way of the Dire Cats.
 At least that way he could also claim the black yew recurve bows.
 Rodregas walked back up the stairs and he thought that it would be a good idea to feed the beasts first, but he did not have time to grab a couple of chickens in the coop next to the kitchen.
 The sooner he was away from the keep the better.

92m each0m monk92m daily0m:92m with0m or , or 50 a chicken<eop> Rodre92mgas0m92m also0m thought that it
-
He doesn’t expect her to stay in the castle, not even when we have guests.
 No doubt he prefers her not be seen then, embarrassed by her light hair and features.
 It is infuriating!
 I wish I were as strong as he hoped.
 I could do what I wanted then.
 ~ I attempted slipping in to see Mother this morning, but the doors were protected.
 Father found me trying to break though and sent me directly to Rune for practice.
 At least I got out of my duties in the throne room.
 We started with water.
 I was so exhausted I had to sleep through most of the afternoon before they brought me back to work again in the evening.

east92m after0m the lunch. They went in92m through0m the river and92m took0m out92m a0m92m little0m and replace it.
-
"How?"
 He laughed.
 "I have no idea."
 After listening to the water in the machine for a few moments, she turned to Rick with a shy smile.
 "Can we watch a picture?"
 "What kind of picture?"
 "What kind are playing?
 I like romances more than anything."
 "Oh--you mean a movie.
 Let me think."

t92m me0m think..92m.0m.92m.0m.92m.0m Let me think.... As she92m and0m Rick
-
"Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but I've got to finish up my physics homework.
 Can we catch up during lunch?"
 Britney looked a little crestfallen, but her eyes quickly lit back up, and before I could get my notebook out and start writing, she'd already switched seats to one closer to a gaggle of cheerleaders.
 It was amazing that I hadn't made the connection between light, the fact that light acted like a wave, and the rainbows on the parking lot puddles, but it was all making sense now.
 By the time the bell finally rang to release the circus back into the halls, I'd finished up a reasonable outline, and was feeling pretty smart.
 Alec probably expected me to have been totally stumped, but I'd figured out the exact answer to the assignment, and I was so going to show him.
 The glow of satisfaction more than made up for the fact that Britney chattered non-stop on our way to Algebra.
 I felt like I should feel guilty for not liking her, but I was starting to notice how much of her conversation revolved around nasty gossip that made everyone else in the school sound like rejects or sluts.
 When we finally made it to Mrs. Campbell's class, I slid into my seat with a sigh of relief.
 This was the one class all day where I could virtually guarantee I wouldn't be talking to anyone.

dents92m were0m given bag92m after0m92ms0m, and teachers92m and0m92m animal0m brothers. Even through the looks of tension at
-
I’ve never had a brother.
 Liz – Neither have I, Jim, do you think Art will adopt me too?
 I’d like to have a brother.
 Jim – Johnny.
 Liz – Scratch that idea.
 Eugene – Johnny, that means I have two brothers now.
 Jim – I thought your math was better than that Gene.
 Liz – Really Gene, someone who is capable of at least high-school algebra should have caught onto that right away.
 Eugene – I forgot about Johnny, with all the excitement of the day.
 Liz – I wonder how much this is all going to cost.

is means flowers are92m not0m flying out92m.0m I think that the P92m.0mU.E92m.0m group92m is0m
-
“You probably think I could keep Eric and Kenny in school, but here’s the way things are.
 Once the police get involved, the school board has to expel.
 That’s policy.
 Otherwise, they won’t usually expel, for fear a parent will sue them.
 “Eric and Kenny are good boys, I know.
 If I can do anything for them, I will.
 Now, you two, please go learn something.”
 A Bigger Change
 Since Kenny’s dad was football coach across town at Coronado High School, Kenny transferred there and would graduate, and meanwhile bat leadoff on their baseball team.
 Eric became a lot boy at a Lemon Grove Ford, a ten minute walk from Sylvia’s house.

ary school92m programs0m at92m Lemon0m Grove Ford were92m primarily0m a Bronx schools, with the92m system0m delivering92m grades0m A to the
-
For a few seconds I forgot all about the reasons I didn't like him, and just wished he was sitting in front of me instead of two rows behind me where I couldn't see him.
 Then I realized what his arrival really meant.
 Rachel had stood me up.
 She wasn't on the bus, and she apparently hadn't come with her brother, so she wasn't coming.
 I knew I should reserve judgment until I'd given her a chance to explain what'd happened, but it was hard to remember that when faced with Alec's air of superiority.
 Rachel was nicer, but she was still a Graves.
 Maybe this was just a sign of things to come.
 Apparently I wasn't the only one put off by Alec's snobbishness.
 A couple of guys who looked like they were old enough to be in college were rolling their eyes at him.
 They were whispering and laughing, but positioned as they were closer to Alec than to me, I couldn't make out any of what they were saying.

92m sort0m of understand, and92m I0m don't92m tell0m92m to0m anyway.92m I0m don't like
-
Harruq and Qurrah played that game well.
 They had grown up on the streets of Veldaren and fought for every scrap of food they’d eaten.
 They had punched and kicked for every soft, dry bed.
 Then, one day, they finally killed.
 “A fine home is any home that’s yours,” Harruq said as he forced back a couple planks sealing a window.
 “Ain’t that right, Qurrah?”
 “Whatever you say.”
 Once the window was unblocked, the two climbed in.
 They lived in what had once been a large shed.
 The door was still boarded shut, but the window, well…

92m glass0m, was92m open0m. Once92m in0m, Harruq pushed Veldar loose92m with0m a short92m,0m black
-
I was cutting off his windpipe, as if it were there in my outstretched fist.
 I released my grip.
 He was surrounded now, and the room was filled with a roar of commotion and terror.
 My ears rang sharply.
 I had to look away from it all.
 When I turned, I caught my reflection in one of the larger mirrors, but it wasn’t me.
 No, it must be me, but unrecognizable.
 Not unrecognizable, a voice inside me whispered.
 My hair was dark and windblown.
 The bell sleeve of the long white gown hung from my still outstretched arm.

92m was0m a dusk92my0m green92m with0m lots of bows92m.0m She smiled at the now,92m but0m I didn
-
Those are the weapons of a warrior,” he stated.
 “And what do you do when facing a warrior in full plate armor?” asked Doi’van.
 “Even chain mail can stop an arrow or the edge of a sword.
 And while a mace is great against chain, crushing your opponent and breaking their bones, such tactics take far too long against plate armor.” Rodregas was not sure what to say to that question.
 The mace or the war hammer was, of course, the weapon of choice against all well armored opponents.
 Doi’van was right, edged weapons were not of much use against a full set of plate armor.
 That is why knights or others who could afford the cost wore all that metal.
 Rodregas had to shrug; he had no answer other than an extended fight with the mace that often did not end until one or the other was too tired and battered to defend themselves.
 Doi’van nodded at Rodregas expression of confusion, “My clan is known as the greatest warriors there are against heavily armored opponents because we are masters of the halberd.
 With a halberd we can quickly dismount an armored warrior, knock him to the ground and then, with the leverage provided by the halberd…” He swung his staff and acted like he was holding down a foe with his left foot.

ht92m foot0m92m of0m which was used92m by0m his sees at all like they92m had0m92m a0m chance to get in front of
-
She caught her breath, covering her mouth with her hand and running from the room.
 Rick hated himself for pushing her like that, but he couldn't seem to help it.
 He was desperate.
 He knew now that he could keep her here, but how could he do that when she wanted so much to go home?
 He ordered Chinese, and Marie came down just after it arrived.
 She saw the cartons and silently went to pour two glasses of tea.
 Rick slid his arms around her from behind.
 "I love you."
 She didn't respond, pulling away from him to carry the glasses to the table.
 With a sigh he took plates from the cabinet.

92m.0m92m Mary0m92m She0m92m ordered0m their cup of tea and took out a large stainless steel bowl.92m Rick0m tilted it
-
I wasn’t quite close enough to hear, but didn’t see a better vantage point.
 I squinted, examining the figures.
 Ruby’s red curls gave her away.
 She had tossed back the hood of her cloak and was laughing with a large elf.
 Steed, I was almost sure because of his stance.
 I scanned the darkness and found two other figures.
 One was about the size of Steed; the other was thinner and appeared fidgety, even in the darkness.
 They approached Ruby and Steed and out of the shadows I could see their dark hair.
 The thinner one’s hair was long, his bangs falling over sharp features.
 I studied their gestures in the moonlight, occasionally catching a few words.

le somehow breaking92m myself0m from their92m forms0m.92m<eop>0m The elf92m had0m both92m more0m serene, almost childlike skills
-
As the two circled each other, Rodregas’ realized that his first impression, that she was of the blood was clearly true.
 She was both quicker and stronger than a normal human.
 She was also highly skilled, and while not as physically gifted as Rodregas, she was powerful.
 She was also clearly intelligent.
 She must have been watching Rodregas in earlier matches, as she refused to let him close with her shield to shield and let him out muscle her.
 She moved quickly and fluidly, keeping her feet moving and keeping her distance.
 Her sword wove in and out, back and forth.
 Rodregas blocked one blow only to find two others coming at him.
 He quickly found himself on the defensive and suffered both a cut on his upper hand and cheek.
 He started to worry that the knight would end the match and give Karun the victory.

92m Rod0mregas was92m able0m to92m save0m it. He he went sword92m to0m sword and saw again92m that0m
-
My prison.
 Prison.
 I pushed the book into my pack and finally slept.
 When I woke, I felt better.
 Stronger.
 I was hopeful this applied to my magic as well.
 Chevelle sat against the dark stone wall, watching me.
 He seemed to recognize the change in my mood.
 “Feeling well?” I nodded.
 “I think I’d like to train again.” “That is probably a good idea.

n.” He92m smiled0m again,92m and0m lit the lit cigar.92m The0m92m was0m92m thirty0m at on. The
-
Suddenly, I was Clapton, man, I was B.
 B.
 King.
 That guitar fit my hands like a woman would later.
 Better.
 And I immediately started playing all the Delta blues I could think of.
 I learned them all.
 I mean, Memphis had all these great blues musicians, up from Mississippi many of them, and they’re playing at Overton Park, at the Fair.
 It was easy to follow them around and learn from them.
 Mississippi Fred McDowell.

ces in Alabama and Louisiana just 92mbo0m by92m.0m I sat down, there was92m 0mbour92mbon0m92m,0m balls
-
Jim, he got us a recording studio at Ardent.
 Got us some studio time.
 He’d been to numerous practices, knew our stuff.
 And he agreed to produce, under the name Euphonious Moniker.
 Of course, now, everyone knows he did it, but back then, I don’t know, there were legal complications or something.
 Anyway, with Jim there, well, he gave us the confidence to do it.
 So we started laying down tracks.
 Now, the story that’s told is that I hated recording, that I was, I don’t know, juvenile, about doing numerous takes.
 I probably did say, “That was good enough,” a couple times.
 But, man, Jim is such a gentle man, he just took it all in stride.

try92m not0m92m to0m like92m that0m92m,0m but, strangely, Jim seems to92m understand0m. So we laid down tracks.
-
The two stepped around the bodies of the slain as they headed east, leaving Velixar alone in the emptiness of Cornrows.
 “Incredible,” Velixar said when they were gone.
 “Never would I have guessed they had such power.” He paused, listening to the words of his master.
 The man in black smiled.
 “If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.
 “He will surpass me.
 Surpass us all.
 Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”
 Karak’s answer was swift.
 _Let him learn at your side.

, while92m stepping0m around92m the0m front of the completed scroll of Port92maught0m92m,0m have in hand,92m defensive0m of.
-
Crop Diversification: Eradicating hunger necessitates shifting production from traditional crops to higher value added crops that can improve nutrition, while generating higher on-farm incomes and greater off-farm employment.
 Fruits and vegetables can remove micro-nutrient deficiencies, while dairy and poultry can eliminate protein deficiencies.
 The soaring price of petroleum, which has reached historical highs this year, presents an additional opportunity for countries such as India to become large scale producers and exporters of bio-fuels and bio-mass energy, thereby substituting imported petroleum with lucrative markets, higher incomes and greater employment opportunities for the rural population.
 Contract farming arrangements between small producers and agri-business centres can stimulate rapid development of this field.
 Ethanol, bio-diesel and bio-mass power from agricultural produce could generate the equivalent of 15 million additional employment opportunities in India, while raising rural incomes by US $10 billion annually.
 Water Conservation: Improving access to safe drinking water requires a combination of public education and government action.
 In addition, the rapid depletion of water resources can be mitigated to a large extent by upgrading practices in agriculture, which is the single largest consumer of water.
 Productivity of water in agriculture remains extremely low in most developing countries.
 In India irrigation accounts for 80 per cent of total water usage.
 A comparison of cotton cultivation under similar climatic conditions in California and South India, both utilizing extensive methods of irrigation, revealed that on average the Indian farmer consumes 35 times more water per unit of cotton produced than his counter-part in California.

mand92m for0m cotton production significant 92mvari0mance. The increasing92m demand0m for essential water92m consumption0m and water supplies92m has0m
-
“Qurrah!”
 He struck his brother on the arm.
 Qurrah jolted as if suddenly waking.
 “The dead,” Qurrah said.
 “They rise.”
 Sure enough, the arrow-ridden bodies stirred.
 As if of one mind, they rose together, ignoring any injuries upon them.
 Some hobbled on broken legs while others shambled with twisted and mangled arms.
 The brothers watched as hundreds more lumbered through the still-broken southern gate.
 A few belated alarms cried out from the exhausted guards, but they were too few and too late.

e compound92m of0m their brothers,92m the0m brotherss wandered92m to0m92m the0m courtyard, that looked floor92m to0m a grey
-
A feint, so quick Harruq blocked on instinct, took care of the other.
 His weapons gone, the half-orc was exposed.
 Dieredon wasted no time smashing the half-orc’s groin.
 As he doubled over in pain, a snap kick smacked his chin, splattering blood and forcing him to drop.
 The sharp tip of a blade pressed against Harruq’s throat before he knew what was happening.
 “Move,” Dieredon said.
 “Please, move.
 Give me an excuse to kill you.”
 Harruq was too stunned and disoriented to give him what he wanted.
 Instead he lied there, his nose throbbing and his swords limp in his hands.

ht item92m.0m Harruq whirled in shock, hoping to92m find0m92m a0m fat92m 0m-92mskinned0m hugging human
-
When they walked out into the garden, Marie headed for the fog without a backward glance.
 Rick grabbed her hand.
 "Marie, wait."
 He pulled her close, gazing down at her.
 "Are you mad?"
 "No.
 Not exactly."
 He stroked her hair.
 "I don't want you to go into the garden mad."
 She smiled then.

mer0m on a92m tick0m92m knowing0m that Rick was right92m.0m92m Mary0m never go into the garden mad or anything,
-
She noticed the suitcases and the empty hangers for the first time.
 "Honey, there isn't any reason to be in such a hurry.
 We haven't really decided to take the job yet, and even if we do, I'm sure we won't be able to arrange a flight for another day or two."
 Right.
 If Alec really had arranged this incredible trip, literally overnight, he'd have her on a plane much faster than anyone else would've believed possible.
 "Mom, we've already gone through every single one of your objections, and they've all been taken care of.
 I'll be fine, the brochure will still be completed on schedule, and the job is as real as it gets.
 The only thing left to do is call them back and accept before they decide to offer it to someone else."
 It obviously hadn't crossed Mom's mind that they might decide to go with someone else.
 Waffling over whether or not to take the job was one thing when she was sure she'd have it in the end.

y back92m-0mto-back her92m sisters0m, it wasn't an different92m.0m92m 0m"If they92m decide0m to
-
Doi’van walking in unaware of the situation would have been very embarrassing.
 Rodregas had suggested to Imeralda that they should stop in case Doi’van walked in, but she had shown no signs of caring and quickly took the thought away from him with her actions.
 Rodregas wanted to ask her what this encounter had meant, but he knew that while such questions were natural they were never helpful.
 Two people fresh from their first lovemaking were in no place to talk about a relationship.
 Rodregas had made a promise to the gods and though she was the most amazing woman in the world, still he would do his duty.
 He tried to find the right thing to say.
 Rodregas looked down at her with her head on his shoulder and her pile of auburn curls spread equally over both their naked bodies.
 Her long hair covered a lot of the two of them but really hid nothing.
 He met her large green eyes and said, “You amaze me.
 I knew you were brave and courageous, but now I know where your true magic talent is...” He looked at her eyes as he spoke and even when he smiled at his own words, he let her see the sincerity of what he said.

You0m are92m so0m lovely and I intend92m to0m be a wonderful92m wife0m and92m friend0m to you. Are you so
-
He watched me, his serene mask back in place.
 “Do you need motivation?” I was afraid of the kind of motivation he’d provide, remembering the fireballs flying at me in the meadow.
 “No.” My answer was too quick, and he laughed.
 I knelt closer to the gray rock.
 I thought it moved a little, as if trembling in fright, and the notion had me shaking my head.
 Chevelle stood.
 “You’re trying too hard, Freya.
 Let us play a game.” He held out his hand and a stone flew up from the ground to land in the center of his open palm.
 He closed his fist around it and when he opened it a moment later, the stone was floating a half inch above his palm, slick black and shaped to form a tiny hawk sculpture.
 “It’s beautiful,” I said, moving to touch it.

t into92m my0m92m angel0m’92ms0m warmth. Now,92m Great0m Lord.92m El0mboah. Chevelle. all
-
"Mrs. Alexander, I didn't actually do any of it.
 I kept making mistakes."
 She chuckled so hard, for a second I thought the pencil behind her ear was going to fall out.
 "I rather suspect you're understating your accomplishments, my dear.
 Didn't contribute indeed.
 As if Nora's favorite student would just sit around while there were equations to solve."
 I felt like I'd been hit in the stomach.
 I hadn't realized just how fond of me Mrs. Campbell was.
 My mind whirling with too many thoughts to sort out, I turned to go back to my desk, only to find Alec staring at me.
 He still didn't seem happy to be sharing the same room with me, but the complete disgust from half an hour before had been replaced with something more measuring.

92m tears0m and tripping pride of his own92m own0m judgment, I had still92m stared0m at92m Alec0m92m desk0m, down
-
But that does remind me.
 Release any remaining prisoners and make sure they are fed and clothed, and allow them to make their way back to their homes.” “That has some danger to it,” said Captain Poir hurriedly, his expression returning to a look of concern.
 “True,” he replied.
 “But do as I command,” Rodregas stated in his firmest voice.
 Captain Poir nodded and immediately said, “As you command, master.” Rodregas started to open the door to the stairway when another thought hit him, and he turned back to the captain, and said, “I need time to adjust.
 Make sure that I am not disturbed in my quarters tonight, but tell Adapt Korin that before he leaves to celebrate, to come up to my room for some last minute instructions.” Captain Poir responded with his very military, “Yes sir.”  Rodregas had to admit while most of the guards were no better trained than a ruffian off the street the captain had served with The Immortal Guards and he was highly trained and disciplined.
 Rodregas had always wondered what had brought a man of his obvious military background to serve Ravenhurr; thank goodness he clearly did not understand the simplest things about magic.
 On the other hand, the AElf maiden clearly had some ideas.
 He was glad she was gagged and not able to speak, and the guards knew better than to release a mage from her bindings until they had to.
 As Rodregas made his way down to the next level, the personal level of Master Ravenhurr, he closed the door to his suite of rooms that covered the whole floor.

ng the92m first0m level tonight,92m with0m the weapons being ready intact here92m.0m He92m placed0m a92m single0m arrow on a
-
I shook my head, trying to clear it.
 “Fairy breath?” “Red.
 She’s a half-breed.
 How do you feel?” Steed asked.
 “Weird.” “Yes, that’s normal.” “Hot,” I said, unclasping my cloak and tossing it off behind me.
 I swayed.
 “Maybe you should sit down,” he warned.
 That sounded like a good idea.
 “Half-breed?” I asked, unable to form full sentences.
 “Half fairy, half elf.” He sat in a chair as he started to answer and I kept moving past the bench where I intended to land and crawled onto his lap, curling my feet up, knees to my chest.

in True Down,92m he0m said:92m “0mNo92m,0m that92m.0m”<eop> “Anything? You92m need0m
-
I nodded again, and turned to go, hopeful that I could avoid the inevitable question of why Brandon was coming to pick me up in the mornings as well as dropping me off most afternoons.
 Unfortunately, Mom's hearing was nearly as good as mine, and she was walking towards the windows before I managed to get the door open.
 "Adri, who's that?"
 It was obviously one of those leading questions designed to see whether or not I'd try to lie.
 I shrugged.
 "His name is Brandon; he picks me up sometimes in the morning."
 I was saved from dealing with her response by Brandon's knock.
 "Hello, Adriana, Mrs.
 Paige."
 I never thought I'd see the like.

aying92m something0m,92m I0m sensed which voice it came from92m,0m and headed back towards92m the0m door92m.0m<eop> Mom
-
“I know,” Harruq said.
 “And I did.
 I brought Perry to Qurrah.
 I failed to stop him when I saw something was wrong.
 If there is blame, it falls on me.”
 The elf stared off into the forest, her brown eyes seeing nothing.
 Harruq and Qurrah’s relationship could not be clearer to her mind.
 Qurrah directed, Qurrah ordered, and then Harruq bore the guilt and the blame.
 Did Harruq ever consider disobedience?
 She didn’t know.

ared92m off0m north, unmoving92m,0m not blinking. Who92m held0m it accountable92m,0m Har92mru0mq
-
So much so that the Sun sent her children down to live upon the Earth's face."
 I was relaxing so quickly that I wasn't sure how much longer I would be able to stay awake, but his story was already different than any other I'd heard, and I resolved I wasn't going to miss any of it.
 As long as he was willing to talk I was going to fight off sleep.
 "Something happened though to break the bonds between the Sun and the Earth.
 Some say the Earth insulted the Sun, who is incredibly vain.
 Others believe the Sun's children marred the face of the Earth, and that when she refused to discipline her wayward family, the Earth swore in his wrath to destroy them."
 Alec adjusted his pillow and continued.
 "Whatever the cause, it's commonly held that this was the point at which the Earth ceased to be a paradise.
 Bountiful gardens were replaced by weeds and thorns.
 Hurt and betrayed, the Sun distanced herself from the Earth, lessening the number of life-giving rays warming his surface.

all me crazy92m;0m the changes wasn92m'0mt happening in two decades92m.0m Even92m back0m in92m an0m
-
I looked up to ask for a hint, and found him staring off into space.
 "Penny for your thoughts?"
 His smile was a half-hearted thing.
 "Mother is playing again.
 She just finished up with 'Courtship', so the next one will be 'Welcoming'."
 It was amazing how quickly I could forget his supernatural abilities.
 Most of the time he seemed so normal.
 If you could consider any gorgeous, well-built boy who happened to be interested in me normal.
 Every so often though he'd do something that should be impossible.
 Alec's smile was slightly apologetic.

and why, why keep92m wandering0m92m off0m like this92m?0m He seemed so92m ordinary0m. Almost as he92m left0m the
-
"Really?
 You like it better than the red?"
 "Yeah.
 The red one is very pretty, but the black one is elegant and sophisticated."
 "OK.
 I'll take it."
 They bought the dress and matching sandals.
 As soon as they got home, Marie spread out all their purchases, looking at them with delight.
 "I can't wait!"
 she exclaimed, smoothing her dress over the arm of the recliner.

the t92m-0m92mshirt0m? but there was92m just0m so long line of92m your0m friends you had92m to0m play
-
Jim – I play Johnny when you two are done.
 Eugene – How do you know?
 I bet I’ll end up owning him.
 Jim – Sure you will, just be sure to not to break the controller, I’m going to need it in a couple minutes.
 Johnny – Are you two through yet?
 By the time we start this game I’ll be as old as Jim.
 Jim – You’ll never live that long.
 Johnny – What-ever.
 Are we ready Gene?
 Eugene – Damn strait.

2m–0m You two making the brave92mst0m decisions92m Gene0m. Jim 92m–0m92m My0m goodness. Go figure right Gene
-
It’s a waste of breath.” I took my own stick and threw it at him.
 He ducked, of course, and it landed on the ground.
 “What if whatever you’re not telling us happens and we never knew?
 How would that help anyone?” He looked down and mumbled something that sounded like, “You couldn’t help.” When he looked back up he said, “Fine you win, I’ll tell you.” He didn’t sound happy about it.
 “I’m waiting.” “You know, when Emily asked for any warnings that we were given?” “Yeah.” I had a bad feeling where this was going.
 “I lied.” I blinked in amazement.
 “You lied to Emily?
 She’s going kill you.” He smiled faintly.
 “She doesn’t need to know.” “So a dwarf told you something?
 Why didn’t you tell us?” I asked.

d about92m whether0m we might lose92m our0m minds,92m or0m92m,0m family92m or0m friends. She doesn’t care
-
So at the end of “Kim” we let Dickinson play with the limited equipment he had, and here’s some of the stuff that’s in that final few seconds of concrete dada: a piece of the Treasure House theme song (backwards), Crafty reading “The Crucible” from our school textbook, a piece of Schoenberg, a piece from The Ventures played through some car speakers, and then some street sounds Jim got by simply walking out onto Madison Avenue with a microphone.
 It’s all silly, of course, but that’s what everyone was doing.
 Psychedelia, you know.
 Silly shit.
 But, liberating in a way.
 I wish I could get that world-weary sound into every one of my songs.
 Well, maybe not now, you know, not with something like “Rain and Other Distractions,” I mean, I’m in a different place.
 A better place.
 (long silence---distorted sound)
 CM:..	and, that was, what, 3 a.m.?

 some of his rap.92m I0m wasn’t sure92m if0m92m to0m92m like0m that.92m Till0m. That was really my
-
Jim – A good friend of mine, you may know him, saved me.
 Liz – oh?
 Who?
 Jim – Sumo Assa…
 Liz – Not that stupid comic book character.
 I thought you grew out of that.
 What is with you and those stupid comic books?
 You could have at least picked something good like Batman.
 Jim – Sumo has always been there for me in my times of need.
 Liz –  Really?

ssa... Jim 92m–0m Rather92m?0m To who has92m this0m92m gone0m?92m Liz0m
-
I couldn’t really remember anything from before the village.
 Anything except the dreams.
 “And I’m sure you want to be unbound?” Why is that a question?
 “Of course.” He nodded as if he were going down a checklist.
 “We know council has bound you.” I waited for the next detail, my fingers curling into my palms.
 “And we know they must be the one or ones to unbind you.” Some part of me realized the seriousness of the conversation, but all I could do was listen.
 “They are, obviously… unwilling.” The breath I drew was too sharp.
 “I know some about the binding.
 I’ve studied it.” When he stopped, I said, “All right.” I didn’t know what he was getting at.
 “The problem is… meddling with the bindings, meddling with your mind is… well, it’s dangerous.” And there it was.

t I was every 100% about previously92m,0m92m that0m I92m did0m92m stopped0m. Of92m course0m it had happened before. I stopped
-
."
 Rick's heart fell.
 "Please don't say you don't love me."
 He cupped her jaw, stroking her cheek with his thumb.
 "I know that you have to sort things out now that you've decided not to marry your boyfriend.
 But please give me a chance."
 He slid both arms around her, gathering her close as his mouth covered hers.
 His kiss was almost irresistible, but she was hurting too much to stay in his arms.
 Breaking off the kiss, she stood and turned away from him as tears poured down her cheeks.
 "What's wrong, sweetheart?"

mNothing0m. Just you92m feel0m down92m,0m right92m?0m And when he looked92m at0m her, he couldn
-
I tried to respond to his greeting, but felt choked and instead only nodded back, my mouth tight as I endeavored to grin with a now clenched jaw.
 I groaned internally, keeping on the path, not daring to look back in case he was behind me.
 I was convinced he was.
 He wouldn’t be taking the back way to Junnie’s as I had come, and he wouldn’t be leaving the village without a pack; he was likely going to a Council meeting.
 Yes, he was certainly right behind me, following me into town.
 Somehow I made it to the library without tripping or looking back, though I was nearly overcome with the temptation to turn at the door to see him one more time.
 The library steps curled around the interior of the tree, shelves cut into every space above and below, tables and racks and patrons scattered about the remaining areas.
 I found a dark, empty corner on the third level and relaxed onto a seat, leaning against the inside wall of the old tree and taking in the scent of ancient paper and binding.
 After a momentary pause to blot out the latest incident of poor self-control, I decided to attempt to locate the missing pages by magic.
 I had, after all, succeeded in growing only days ago.

m concentrated0m in myself frozen into oblivion92m.0m That was the92m start0m of my bleed92m through0m the92m too0m-
-
I was cautious after that but it became easier to control his movement as we rode.
 I practiced guiding him, eventually even maneuvering him back and forth between the misshapen rocks and spiky brush on our way.
 I was still afraid to have him kneel when we stopped for the evening, though, imagining him rolling on top of me if I tried.
 I slid down and stretched my legs, glad for a rest after the hours of tensing every time the horse changed direction.
 The air was brisk.
 I ran my hands over my arms to warm them.
 I started as black swirled around me.
 Chevelle had thrown a cloak over my shoulders.
 He moved in front of me to hook the clasp, his dark eyes piercing as he stood so close.
 My heart stuttered when he leaned in, our faces unbearably near.

 92m.0m<eop>92m 0m- MY N92mINE0m NINE92m 0m92m.0m .
-
But, I’ll always write.
 CM:  	Anything besides songs?
 BG:  	I, uh, I really don’t want to talk about it too much.
 CM:  	Something in the works.
 LE: 	He’s writing a novel.
 CM:  	Really?
 BG:  	Well, hell, yeah, I am.
 But, you know, I don’t want that out there yet.
 Look what it did to Dylan.
 He didn’t want to finish Tarantula, but, there was so much pressure on him and then someone circulated bootleg versions and the whole thing became uncontrollable.

ilm0m, you92m know0m. Like destroyed it very close.92m 0mLE92m:0m92m Well0m, he’s
-
Their conversations stopped as their attention was drawn to the commotion.
 I stood and Dino directed me to approach him.
 He was obviously drunk and I could see the usual crazed look in his eyes.
 He started rambling something about how I didn’t like him or respect him and I quickly claimed I did.
 I was a lanky fifteen year old, probably about 5’8’, 140 pounds.
 He stepped towards me as I obeyed his wish for me to come to him.
 He hit me so fast I didn’t see it coming, and I flew backwards onto the desktop.
 All four legs of the desk broke beneath the impact of my body.
 I lay there stunned on my back.
 As Dino walked towards me I could see the crowd of guests rushing in behind him.

r Las Vegas. Saturday for Phoenix. Sunday for92m Los0m Angeles92m and0m Anaheim92m.0m Just92m imagine0m it,92m I0m felt
-
"Wow, I drive all this way, and then you deprive me of the pleasure of the last hundred feet."
 The deep, smooth voice was unmistakable even if the light was still too poor to make out anything else.
 I slipped inside the Mustang with a grin playing at the edge of my lips despite my best efforts to remain cool and collected.
 "Well, I didn't want to start your day off too well, or everything else would be anticlimactic."
 "Really?
 You weren't just worried I wasn't going to show up?
 Because you understand how someone could've been thinking you'd walked down your lane so you could catch the bus if I'd forgotten about you?"
 I'd been giving Brandon my crinkled-nose glare for a solid three seconds before his easy laugh made me realize what I was doing.
 I hadn't done that to anyone in months, it'd been my trademark expression for when a family member had made me mad.
 "Okay, you're right.

ting92m breakfast0m?92m Please0m fill92m up0m and relax92m and0m enjoy the life in flor92mida0m ca mara houses they
-
Once I told her she was like Twombly but with a better sense of humor.
 She sulked for a week.
 Don’t really know why.
 So, I just tell her, man, I love this.
 You know, artists—
 CM: 	Here she is now.
 Good morning.
 Lorelei Enos:	 	Good morning.
 Did you make coffee?
 BG:  	It’s on the sideboard.

0m made a pot. CM: I get92m making0m coffee.92m What0m do92m you0m think about that92m?0m
-
"But it's more than that."
 She wiped her eyes.
 "You took me to the library, and you entertained me, and you made me laugh.
 And-and you held me to make me feel better."
 She slipped her hand into his, something she never would have done in 1927.
 "This has to be as strange for you as it is for me.
 But you've treated me so well, almost-almost as if you knew me."
 He looked down at the small hand in his.
 "I, um, I-I've read a lot about the 1920s.
 When I finally realized that you really were from 1927, I-I thought it would be interesting to talk to someone from the ‘20s."

g,92m she0m held92m him0m into her92m arm0m and92m squeezed0m his hand92m out0m. "You had been so friendly
-
Art – I look forward to sharing what I know, or pretend to know.
 Do you want me to make it sound deep and inspired?
 Or do you prefer open and honest?
 Liz – Open and honest, it’s easier and more helpful that way.
 Art – Are you sure?
 Because given some time I can actually sound like I have a clue what I’m talking about.
 It’s not as useful per-say, but it sounds a lot better if you ever decide that you need a quote for a newspaper advertisement.
 You could have a picture of a handsome male model smiling and giving a thumbs-up sign with the line ‘Art says: this stuff is terrifatastic!’
 Liz – I’m sure.
 I need some feedback on my work, and mother isn’t saying anything but ‘mmmmm hmmmm, I like that’ and ‘no no no no, that would never sell Darling.’  So far my mother is the only person who I’ve talked to about it, and she only thinks about my work in a monetary fashion.

r92m is0m the man I92m’0mve seen outside of goodbye romance silence looking for92m cute0m teenage92m girls0m92m,0m heads and
-
When we rely on the inner resources, we achieve the maximum because we are constantly led to discover more of our own unlimited capacities.
 Why should we wait before acting until we are compelled by the irresistible force of the rising expectations of the world’s masses, by the explosion of violence in our cities, or by the complete breakdown of our economic systems because of spiralling unemployment?
 Why should we not act now to prevent these outcomes and reverse the trends that threaten to make them a reality?
 All the resources necessary are within our reach, within ourselves.
 We need the courage to think and say that it is time to abolish weapons of mass destruction and call a halt to the use of war for settlement of disputes, that it is time to insist that all people enjoy the most basic democratic freedoms, that there can and must be enough food produced to feed everyone, and that every person must be guaranteed the right to gainful employment.
 The barriers to these achievements are not material or technological.
 It takes money, materials and technology to make war, not to stop it.
 That requires a determination and insistence, an intolerance of violence, which must start with a commitment of the world’s leaders and the total empowerment of the UN to enforce peace.
 It takes material resources and technology to suppress people, not to make them free.
 That requires an acceptance of basic human rights as a non-negotiable minimum requirement for each nation to participate in the international community, which must start with a voluntary abdication by the great powers of the principle of rule by might that governs the present structure of the UN.

lutions should not92m be0m hidden in the92m future0m by the decision success of92m the0m decision failure.92m<eop>0m The92m answer0m is
-
With the passing of colonialism, a new generation of youth has come of age in developing countries that never lived under the fear, compulsion and humiliation of colonial rule.
 The knowledge imparted by the spread of universal education has removed much of the ignorance and superstition, the submissiveness and sense of inferiority that limited people’s mental and social horizons in the past.
 The elimination of deadly epidemic diseases has replaced an ever-looming shadow of fear with vibrant health and prolonged vigour for billions.
 Improved methods of cultivation have converted food shortages into abundance or surplus in many countries which until recently suffered from chronic hunger.
 Advanced production technologies have made accessible to greater numbers the comforts and conveniences that until recently were exclusively in the purview of the élite.
 Vast sections in developing countries now have access to wristwatches, bicycles, televisions, travel, houses and motor vehicles of all descriptions.
 Although China produced only 178,000 refrigerators between 1949 and 1979, production has now soared to the highest level in the world to meet the surging demand.
 More than 39 million house holds, representing 56 per cent of all urban households, have acquired them in the last fifteen years.
 Similarly, between 1981 and 1990 India’s production of televisions rose more than ten-fold from 450,000 per year to 4.8 million.
 Exposure to lifestyles elsewhere through the media, cinema and travel has created greater awareness of possibilities and generated higher hopes.

ian92m audience0m has grown from 392m and0m5 million92m population0m92m its0m92m one0m quarter. Quarter-pass-n eaters
-
My best friend Pete and I opened a waterbed and hot tub store in North Lake Tahoe called Sierra Waterbeds and Hot Tubs— a venture his father funded.
 I was selling waterbeds and this new invention called a portable hot tub.
 Pete and I still drank and partied and the drugs were still around.
 Unlike most of the people I knew, I managed to be truly a recreational user with no tendencies towards addiction.
 But I am no prude, and we had our share of parties and events in Tahoe and at the waterbed store.
 When you put a bunch of twenty year olds and their friends in a retail store that has working hot tubs and waterbeds, things can quickly spiral out of control.
 We had no window coverings and our parties were in plain view of anyone who put their nose against the windows.
 It was a voyeurs’ paradise and I am sure we entertained a lot of shocked window shoppers late into the night!
 Pete proved to be a bad choice of a business partner, as his use of cocaine escalated to the point of total addiction.
 In less than a year he would snort everything he could get his hands on.

er was a black92m,0m cubic92mle0m92m built0m by92m renowned0m Ditch Bro designer Adam 1940 and92m nine0m years later
-
The men had double swords sheathed on their back, long ears, and long black hair.
 They were wearing some type of combat boots and thick coats.
 One of them moved and I saw a tied dragon staked to the ground.
 It continued to try to stand but it seemed to weak and fell back down.
 I heard Emily gasp in horror and I felt the same way.
 One of the men poked it in the side with the butt of his sword and the dragon grunted in pain.
 I looked over my shoulder at Emily.
 She looked like she was about to start crying any second.
 Seth drew his sword and crouched down.
 He shuffled forward and motioned for us to follow.

G92mAD0m92mIGN0mORD—92mM0mAID. I92m nodded0m back to her as we on to92m our0m
-
“I Want to Hold Your Ass While You Move”—I wrote that after a particularly beautiful night of lovemaking.
 I don’t care, you know.
 I don’t care if people think it’s too personal, too open, too—what?—minimal or plain and straightforward.
 I mean, some people don’t like that in their art, they can’t take that.
 It’s like Pop Art, which Lor turned me on to.
 What these guys are saying is, it’s simple, man, art is all around you.
 It’s soup cans, it’s goats, it’s flags.
 Take another look.
 Look around real good, man, because the world is full of beauty and it doesn’t have to be heavy and obscure and arty.
 You can just say what you mean.

 a92m time0m I have—92mI0m92m found0m it when I found that92m I0m meant something simple in the form92m of0m
-
There was no way I was going to be able to pull off a dress like that.
 Even assuming it didn't fall off of me, I was still going to look like a walrus.
 "Stop fidgeting, Adri.
 It's just a dance, not a funeral, and if you don't hold still your makeup isn't going to turn out right."
 Rachel poked me in the ribs, and then went back to work on the last few details of my 'new and improved' look.
 I'd actually been trying to sneak a look in the mirror to find out how everything was shaping up, but it wasn't worth trying to explain.
 With the pall that'd descended over the pack once we'd made it back, it was almost certain she wouldn't believe me.
 Nobody even knew where we'd gone, but they'd keyed off of our mood faster than I would've believed possible.
 The results hadn't been good.
 Jasmin stepped back around behind Dominic as I was watching, and for the first time I got a good idea of how the massively piled style Jasmin had been working on for the last half hour was going to turn out.

g my92m head0m inside92m me0m, I turned my head to92m Rachel0m and Rachel and Dominic were92m watching0m.92m I0m
-
He desperately hoped none would spot him.
 He reached a large stinking corpse lying on its back with a golden arrow in its forehead.
 Qurrah shoved the cadaver onto its side, curled underneath, and then let it fall atop him.
 The weight crushed his fragile body and the smell was awful, but it was his only cover.
 Miserable, he hid there, quietly whispering.
 “Where are you, Harruq?” he said, his face buried into the dirt.
 His tears fell to the grass.
 “Harruq, I need you.
 Where are you?”
 Then he heard talking and shut his mouth.

ch was to be filtered through the92m window0m... he heard voices92m,0m92m broke0m a92m dead0m silence92m.0m
-
I have no spells that can aid us.”
 The bigger half-orc stood and stretched his muscles.
 “Well, up to me then.” He took out Condemnation, grinning as the soft red glow lit up his face.
 “Let’s see how strong this girl is.”
 He swung the blade.
 Qurrah closed his eyes and hoped no significant enchantments guarded the fence.
 If any did, they fizzled against the magic of the ancient sword.
 Harruq sliced two of the bars cleanly, and a third dented in enough so that a follow up chop cut it like butter.
 Pleased, Harruq took two of the bars into his hands.
 His neck bulged, his arm muscles tensed, and then the iron screeched backward.

er would sharpen92m instead0m the92m bars0m. Many people can92m escape0m, but guards must keep watch.92m Har0m92m missed0m
-
Quickly Rodregas remembered he was in a fight for his life.
 He backed up from his confused opponents and gave himself more space.
 It was the middle of the night and there was only a sliver of moon, but he could still make out the forms of his attackers; there were four of them.
 No, a fifth stood away from the others and watched.
 The one who had stabbed him had the most aggressive posture: he looked tall and strong; Rodregas knew he had to take him out quickly so he moved in hard.
 None of the attackers seemed to be wearing armor nor did they have any weapons, other than the largest man, who held what looked to be a garden rake.
 Rodregas charged, bulling his way into the lead attacker and knocking him down.
 The assailant fell, being surprised by Rodregas’ actions.
 Rodregas grabbed him by the hair with his left hand and hit him full in the nose with his right fist.
 The man crumbled.

d he jumped back92m,0m a92m whole0m saggy form bent92m over0m his92m knees0m in blond hair.92m<eop>0m Another
-
“Saurrien was my mentor, Quirren was his mentor, and Bitress was his, Chapter of the Silver Mace,” Rodregas answered.
 The Knight nodded, the answer matched the pattern on the patch.
 “What is your name?” he asked.
 “Rodregas,” he grunted.
 The knight waited expecting more, but he stopped there.
 He finally shrugged and wrote his name on the scroll in front of him.
 Rodregas’ heart froze as the sorcerer stood and strode over to the table.
 He reached out and casually touched the shoulder of the Knight Captain.
 “Captain Intreg, do you mind asking a few questions to confirm his status?” The Knight seemed uncomfortable under the hand of the sorcerer but nodded and said to Rodregas, “What is the eighth law of Chivalry?” “Thou shalt never offer combat to someone who is not equal in strength, unless in defense of the honor of the Order, for Justice for the oppressed or in defense of the weak,” he answered.
 Captain Intreg nodded and then asked, “A question of law: two messenger couriers stop at a keep with priority messages and switch out horses.

er92ms0m are92m in0m two groups92m for0m92m Boxing0m Day, 2015; as one courier group92m enters0m , the other
-
I stared at the cracked pieces of my arrow and my flare of determination went out with a poof.
 Great, now what do I do?
 That was a fail, I scolded myself.
 A FAIL!
 “Nice try,” Seth whispered and I think he really meant it.
 Or maybe he was teasing me.
 It’s hard to tell in these situations.
 Seth brandished his sword.
 “My turn.” “Really, warrior?” Kojas said and laughed.
 His laugh was like a bunch of spiders running down my back.

 my0m back.<eop> “You two,92m Ko0m92mja0m92mre0m said, with a92m heavy0m booted heel.
-
As he passed through the doors in the main hearing chamber, the Grand Marshal stood at the far end waiting.
 In the chamber were both knights and squires.
 Many smiled; he thought a few looked like the ones in the hall, not sure what to think of this new knight.
 Rodregas was not surprised that when he started to kneel in front of the Grand Marshal, for Van’dret to step forward and speak.
 “Grand Marshal, you are not really thinking of knighting this fiend, are you?
 He killed a fellow squire out there.
 And he consorts with Nymphs and Infernals, not people of the Celestial Realm.
 You do the Order a disservice to make him a Knight of the Soaring Heavens.” Van’dret’s voice was slow and reasonable sounding and he spoke not so much to the Grand Marshal as to the audience.
 “I but follow the rules of the Order as they have stood for unknown centuries, Ambassador.
 While there are many things that go into raising a squire to knighthood, the tournament is the exception.

te as there are92m ways0m92m as0m how my predecessor92m has0m known and done their best92m from0m the92m transcendent0mal or the. In
-
Rodregas waited for an opening, but it was hard to know exactly what was going on in the dark.
 He was bleeding from his belly wound, and decided that he could not wait.
 Rodregas decided to pull his short swords from the harness on his side and, at the same time, rush in on the big guy.
 The large attacker was big and powerful, but his rake had shattered and Rodregas had his short swords on his harness.
 His attacker appeared to not have a back up weapon.
 Then a voice rang out, “Stop, STOP, it is not him!
 It is not the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.” It was a woman’s voice.
 Then a much deeper voice, one that seemed half growl, responded, “She is right.
 This is no sorcerer we fight.” The voice was from his present combatant, the only one who had proven to be dangerous to him.
 “She is right,” Rodregas said, “I am not Ravenhurr.” “We don’t know that,” challenged another voice from the dark.

not an92m easy0m problem in the armor92m.0m92m As0m it shook in the darkness, a92m variety0m of92m evil0m presented
-
The same thing could have happened to you.
 Do you think you’re stronger than the rest of us?” My voice rose slightly at the end of my question.
 “No.” He went quiet and tried to avoid our eye contact.
 “Now who’s keeping secrets?
 You’re breaking your own rules.
 Why were you out?” Emily can be very demanding sometimes, I actually felt a little bad about involving her in my interrogation.
 Just a little.
 He mumbled something under his breath.
 “I can’t hear you.” Emily snapped.
 “I WAS OUT SCOUTING!” he shouted, “Now can you hear me?” “Yes, and now you’ve made me deaf!” Emily yelled back.

almost92m no0m one92m eye0m.92m<eop>0m<eod> In a new blog92m post0m called92m,0m "Athenism Behind the
-
As we waited in the kitchen, a group of large men walked in with knives, mugged us then threw us out.
 The oldest trick in the effing book.
 It was quick and easy for them and we got to leave without a knife in our gut.
 Who were we going to tell?
 About a month after this robbery, I looked out the window of our apartment and to my surprise saw the guy who had set us up for the robbery!
 He was a tall lanky guy with a bushel of hair so he was easy to spot.
 I dragged Pete to the window to show him the guy.
 We hustled down the stairs and I walked straight towards this guy and he didn’t recognize me at all.
 He asked me if I wanted to buy some pot in exactly the same way he did before.
 I said, “Sure, should we follow you to the same apartment so your friends can rob us again?” He looked shocked and before he could say a word, I dropped him with one punch where he stood and it didn’t stop there.

the92m same0m place and they’d gone92m to0m92m three0m stores,92m out0m through92m the0m night and mugged everyone
-
I know sometimes Pete talks to him—I can tell from some things I hear—but he’s so sweet to me, he keeps me out of it.
 Tony Hudson—he screwed The Airplane, too, from the story that I got—that’s part of the West Coast myth of the guy—he thinks part of his cachet, you know?
 But Pete’s—
 LE: 	He’s family.
 BG:  	Exactly.
 He’s my brother.
 LE:  	And your father.
 BG:  	True.
 I have many fathers.
 Including my real father, who has left the earthly plane, as they say.

92m Lucy0m92m.0m They92m talk0m about it talked about it, as he was.92m Also0m92m,0m Mike
-
“Here’s your fun,” one said, stabbing at Harruq’s side from behind.
 The blade punctured the black armor and bit into flesh.
 The half-orc roared, and then twisted so fast it left the expert guard breathless.
 His upper body jerked left to prevent the sword from going in any further.
 Salvation swung around, ringing against the blade.
 Condemnation followed through, aimed straight for the guard’s throat.
 He ducked underneath the swing, feeling the air of the cut just inches above his head.
 Then he was up, both hands gripping his sword tightly.
 Harruq came charging in, both swords striking.
 The guard parried one after the other, constantly retreating.

nto repeated attacks,92m and0m occasionally only bending92m the0m massive spine of Salvation92m’0ms shoulder92m blades0m once92m.0m The sword
-
Guess we have two choices here, wait till Gene’s father dies and then move forward with the adoption, or forget it all.
 Johnny – I hate waiting.
 Can’t we pray for Eugene’s father to get hit by a train or something?
 Jim – I don’t think it usually works like that.
 Liz – They do say that god works in mysterious ways.
 Jim – I think that they don’t usually ascribe a man being hit by a train as an act of God.
 Johnny – What would they call it then?
 Jim – Drunkenness.
 Or plain stupidity.
 Eugene’s dad never leaves the house anyways.

Was92m that0m train92m accidentally0m acting92m like0m God with Eugene’s father never picking up92m?0m Liz 92m–0m
-
“You?” I asked, remembering Ruby’s announcement.
 “You’re traveling with us?” “You don’t mind, do you?” “No, of course not,” I gushed.
 It was too eager, so I explained, “Chevelle’s been training me.” “Well, we can certainly help with that.” I grimaced at the thought of Ruby’s training methods.
 “Don’t fret.
 She’s actually very talented.” His smile warmed.
 “An asset, you’ll see.” An asset?
 Ruby came through the door, in a movement that could nearly have been classified as whirling.
 “Come on, Steed.
 We need to set you up outside of town.
 Chevelle is afraid we’re causing a scene in the village.” She laughed lightly.

aining comic92mal0m, I thought.... crap. So92m Instead0m92m I0m was ra92mmble0m92m at0m the
-
His lips were warm and strong, and his kiss made her heart flutter.
 She didn't feel the shyness she'd felt when they'd kissed before, and she was disappointed when Rick ended it.
 "Pizza," Rick muttered, gazing down into her dazed face.
 "Hmmm?"
 "Pizza's here."
 He released her to go open the door.
 Marie turned away to collect herself as he paid the delivery man.
 She hadn't even heard the knock.
 Her face grew scarlet as she thought of the way she'd touched him.
 And she'd even admitted that she enjoyed it!

let out. Too much him? For what92m?0m The pleasure to her92m was0m92m Add0m92m alcohol0m!92m 0m"
-
He clutched his bleeding side and breathed deeply.
 His armor had saved him, but the elf had managed to penetrate deeper than he thought.
 “Are you fine, Harruq?” Qurrah asked, glancing back and halting his walk.
 “I’m coming,” he said, marching after his brother.
 He hid his pain well.
 The alley opened up to the main street, running south from the center of town into the forest beyond.
 It was there that the bulk of combat had spread.
 Elves battled in the street, horribly outnumbered.
 They were skilled, though, and a steady stream of arrows from homes continued to weaken the human forces.
 “Halt here,” Qurrah said.

p. 92m<unk>0m (, and<unk>92m)0m92m.0m He stepped within a short92m distance0m of the92m alley0m
-
Such foolishness.
 Such idiocy.
 “King Vaelor cowers at the very thought of an elf,” Qurrah said.
 “The rest of the city despises us for the orc within me.
 I will punish all of their ignorance.”
 “Tomorrow night, come to me,” Velixar said.
 “I have much to discuss and you have much to learn.”
 Qurrah stood and bowed before his new master.
 “I will be here,” he said.
 “And I will be ready.”

lixar sat92m and0m92m,0m92m where0m Qurrah92m sat0m92m and0m turned him back to his master was. “
-
"There's only one way you're going to touch her, James.
 Are you really ready to take that step?"
 I felt shivers run down me as I realized just how easily everything could boil over into deadly violence.
 The tension in the room pulsed out in waves, skittering many-legged across my skin like something that belonged under a rock somewhere.
 The feeling intensified even more as first Jessica and then Jasmin picked up the same strange, near epileptic quiver.
 James let out a low, grating growl, and my stomach dropped as he looked up with eyes that weren't the unremarkable brown they'd been just a second before.
 The hot yellow eyes of a predator were looking out of James' familiar face, changing it into something threatening and inhuman.
 Answering growls from Jasmin and Jessica seemed to snap something inside of Alec.
 His tremble became more pronounced.
 There was a ripping sound, and when I looked down at his hands, they'd been replaced by the same wickedly-sharp claws I remembered from the night before.

ctly, James immediately92m noting0m. This took92m a0m long moment as92m Jessica0m92m and0m Jasmin came92m at0m us.
-
I hissed in discomfort and he released me, but not before I noticed that his other hand was white-knuckled and his jaw was clenched.
 "Sorry, I just don't like to see that kind of needless destruction.
 It makes everyone look bad and costs the town a lot of money."
 Brandon's smile was back, but it didn't have his trademark easy carelessness.
 "Now you sound like my mom."
 We rounded a corner before Brandon could say anything else and nearly ran into Britney.
 "Guys!
 Did you see the back door?"
 I could almost see the wheels turning in Britney's head.
 First she went red as she remembered she'd stranded me at school, then her eyes got a little wider as she realized it was still about five minutes too early for me to have arrived on the bus.

92m bad0m I felt, but like I needed92m to0m92m take0m92m someone0m big92m help0m rather." Leaving is just so
-
“Monster Magnet.” Um, what was I saying?
 Yeah, acid, sure I used it some.
 And Coltrane—everyone wanted to play like Coltrane, who credited acid with some of his wilder stuff—the stuff that was so influential.
 Pretty soon it was right there on albums, you know—psychedelia, via the laboratory.
 Psychedelic rock was just acid put to music, you know.
 Suddenly there were drug songs.
 “White Rabbit.”  “Amphetamine Annie.” “She Said She Said,” supposedly.
 Everyone thinks “Open Channel D” is about turning on, man, but, no, no, you get the reference.
 I mean, sure, open your mind, yeah, that’s psychedelia’s code-word.
 I wrote “Strawberry Fields for a While” on acid, appropriately.

rt.92m Pai0m92m to0m the92m rest0m, OK?<eop> Other songs, you you just go92m easy0m on92m your0m
-
I opened my mouth to object, but was waved back into silence.
 "Obviously I don't want you to make disrupting my class a habit, but that isn't why I wanted to talk to you.
 Your studies are coming along nicely, and I've heard quite a few good things about you from other sources, so I'd like to offer you a job."
 Now that I had a chance to talk, I wasn't sure what to say.
 Nobody had ever wanted to hire me.
 Mrs. Campbell gave me a tired smile.
 "The tutor lab is still understaffed.
 Obviously you couldn't spend your whole afternoon tutoring, as that would negatively affect your efforts to catch up.
 I'm thinking just an hour or so per night.
 It would just be minimum wage, but I think you'll find you quite enjoy teaching."

m my0m luck92m in0m92m disturbed0m92m short0m life? I, the lack of mutual wonder92mment0m. And it
-
God I hate that place.
 Art – You seem to spend a lot of time there.
 Might I ask why?
 Eugene – it’s a conspiracy against me.
 Besides wearing camouflage doesn’t make you invisible like I thought, it just makes you a little harder to pick out when you’re in the forest.
 Art – No, no boy.
 I mean, why do you want to be adopted?
 You’re already a member of the family as is, the adopting process is just a formality.
 Eugene – I can’t explain it.
 I just don’t want to be related to Jerry anymore.

,0m92m I0m thought you might like that. I92m can0m’t see92m you0m properly.92m.0m
-
He ran his lips down the line of her chin.
 Though he was trying to go slowly, they quickly found themselves naked.
 He thought if he had let her, she would have jumped right on him and slid himself inside her.
 Rodregas knew that Nymphs were legendary for their enjoyment of sex, but he was a little surprised at her eagerness.
 She ran her hands and lips across his chest, seemingly fascinated by ‘his’ powerful musculature and smooth skin.
 Once again Rodregas found himself pulling away from her touch.
 He had never really had a woman that eager to touch him before.
 Her eagerness to touch his body made him feel a little put off.
 It was good to be touched, in fact, he craved it.
 But her eagerness highlighted to him that the body she wanted to touch was not really his.

e touched didn’t work for92m Rod0m92mre0m92m most0m. There92m was0m something about92m feeling0m so good good. to
-
I figured I'd wake up and find everything had just been one amazing, crazy dream."
 I'd hoped that my reassurance would make the mask drop, but if anything Alec was looking at me even more seriously.
 "Would you prefer things to take that course?"
 It took me several heartbeats to understand what he was getting at, long seconds in which his face grew increasingly remote.
 "No, how could you think that?
 Why would I possibly want to have you vanish when I've just now finally found out it's you who's been watching over my mom and me since we got here?"
 Alec looked away for a moment, and then stood up and walked over to the window.
 "It would be for the best, you know.
 I could arrange for you both to leave the state, and never have to come back to Sanctuary again.
 You'd be safer."

2m and0m after92m the0m92m he0m waved,92m shook0m92m his0m head. "I can't understand, it?
-
We human beings can become whatever we sincerely aspire to become.
 Looking back, it is astonishing how much the world has changed since the idea of establishing the International Commission on Peace and Food was first conceived in 1987. Who had the foresight to imagine the monumental changes which have so radically altered the political, economic and social complexion of the world community – the end of the nuclear arms race and the opposing military alliances of East and West, the rising tide of democracy that dramatically and irreversibly transformed the USSR and the countries of Eastern Europe, the growing importance of the UN in peace keeping and peace making, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, the first tangible steps toward lasting peace between Arabs and Israelis in the Middle East, the completion of global trade negotiations and the founding of the World Trade Organization, and concerted actions to stem the degradation of the environment?
 The mid-1980s was a time when global military spending reached an all-time high of $1.2 trillion.
 Economic growth had slowed or stalled in much of the developing world, prompting some to term the 1980s the 'lost decade' for development.
 While there was little agreement on what steps were needed to reverse the arms race and provide a stable basis for world peace, a consensus was emerging that something must be done to address the urgent problems of hunger, famine and endemic poverty that continued to plague much of the developing world and constituted a gnawing source of instability that refused to be contained by national boundaries.
 The unconscionable loss of lives due to hunger in an age of plenty generated growing concern over the issues of food and famine.
 Starvation forced millions of people, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, to flee their homes in despair.
 It undermined social stability, fuelled violence and in some cases led to war between neighbours and fellow-countrymen.
 The effort to glean more food from desiccated earth further ravaged the environment and aggravated shortages.
 To this was added the galling sight of hunger amidst plenty, when adequate food production was not matched by sufficient job opportunities to provide incomes to all who needed to buy food because they could not grow their own.

knew that hunger92m had0m not killed the human concerned92m.0m Rather, they would be92m driven0m92m to0m any member92m to0m purchase
-
And I think a September wedding would be perfect."
 They discussed bridesmaids and flowers and gardens.
 Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
 Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
 Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
 "Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.
 "You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
 "I have to confess that I was.
 Still am."
 He offered his employer a slight smile.

92m grinning0m.<eop> Jefferson soon noticed92m Davis0m felt92m himself0m92m more0m confident92m-0m-after waltzing into his
-
They both watched him with steady eyes.
 One reached out with a huge paw and dragged the dead bear’s body closer.
 Did it think he was here to steal it?
 The danger of the Dire Cats was crystal clear.
 He had not even heard them fighting, and yet they had killed a Dire Bear while Rodregas and the others slept!
 The good news was that they both seemed very full, and if anything, had a sleepy look to them.
 Rodregas guessed that he had awakened them from a nap.
 Rodregas had to remind himself that he needed to develop an understanding with the lionesses.
 Predators like them worked on a very simple alpha relationship; the strong ruled.
 They were Dire beasts, but he was the equivalent of a Celestial Beast.

t.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m totally0m rock Africa with92m a0m tree92m.0m<eop>92m and0m win carbon gold. Rodregas
-
Eliminating nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles and small arms proliferation are practical measures whose time has come.
 But by themselves these steps will only mitigate the most pernicious threats to international security.
 They will not provide an effective system for ensuring the peace and security of all nations that is so vitally needed, and now so imminently possible, as a basis for accelerating the political, economic and social development of humankind.
 The end of the Cold War provides us with the opportunity, and pressing global issues provide the urgency, for more significant measures.
 These measures cannot be conceived within the perspective of international security that has dominated our thinking in the post-war period, or from a half-hearted desire to modestly improve what to some still appears an adequate and acceptable system.
 This is an occasion that demands visionary and courageous leadership to usher in a better world.
 The children of the next millennium will judge us by our response.
 Historically, all landmark changes in the international political and security system have been the result of armed conflicts, wars and revolutions.
 In each case the victors who emerged from the ashes of war sought to build on a static formula for enforcing peace in a dynamic world.
 In each case, the arrangements for conflict termination contained a dynamism that would produce the tensions, disputes and conflicts of the future.

 restore the moribund post-92mwar0m ethnic areas,92m and0m92m could0m cover up their92m efforts0m to92m keep0m the
-
The sky darkened even more, not that I thought that was possible.
 The mist swirled and a cold chill that ran shivers down my spine ascended on us.
 And out of the mist stepped a dark figure.
 Kojas.
 Again.
 This time for real.
 Not in a dream/vision.
 My heart stopped and my blood froze.
 Kojas’ red eyes gleamed in the darkness and his cloak snapped at the wind.
 He looked up and his red eyes stared at me.

 up92m and0m I92m looked0m at him92m,0m “Did you recognise me?.92m.0m92m.0m?”<eop> I was
-
Clearly everyone knew what they were about.
 He ended up being behind a tall young man.
 Rodregas almost thought he might have some AElf blood.
 It also looked like he might have a broken nose from the previous day’s competition.
 The young man did very well, hitting all five targets.
 His shot on the moving target only nicked the edge, still impressive.
 Rodregas stepped forward and picked up the bow.
 It felt light and a little awkward.
 Rodregas focused on his breathing.
 He had five targets and five arrows.

sure three92m of0m them were going to92m go0m on or he just92m collected0m his points. Rod92mre0mgas92m got0m
-
6.An international system should be instituted by the UN to assist in the transfer of environmentally beneficial technology, as recommended by the Royal Society and the United States National Academy of Sciences, both from the developed to the less-developed nations, and from the military to the non-military sectors.
 This applies in particular to the field of information technology, where there is scope for dual use of existing military capabilities.
 Closer links should be established between research and development teams in the military and civilian sectors at the national level.
 7.A greater degree of regional cooperation is desirable between states which share natural resources and common environmental interests.
 This is of particular importance where regional peace and stability is at stake, as in the Middle East, over the question of access to water supplies.
 Where national environmental resources may lead to dispute and conflict, agreements should be drawn up between potential belligerents and the good offices of the UN's specialized agencies used to anticipate and avert future conflict.
 Peace and democracy can provide only the foundation for stable and productive social life, not its fulfilment.
 For that, political security has to be complemented by economic security and a blossoming of individual and cultural potentials.
 Yet here our optimism seems to flag.
 Our thoughts of the new millennium do evoke images of greater peace and stability internationally, more individual freedom and democratic rights, growing international co-operation, exciting new technologies, increasing cultural interaction.

t convinced that that is all92m.0m92m The0m working community of the UN,92m or0m the millions92m of0m people92m of0m
-
2.Reduce business failures: New businesses create most of the jobs, but they destroy most of them too, by going out of business.
 The failure rate of new businesses is extremely high in most industrial nations.
 In Italy, roughly 50 per cent fail in the first year.
 Of the more than 600,000 new business start-ups in the United States each year, 40 per cent close within 12 months, 80 per cent within five years, and 80 per cent of the remainder in the subsequent five years.
 Expanding programmes for management training, small business education and counselling, marketing assistance and financial management can bring down the failure rate dramatically.
 3.Voluntary part-timism: Increasing the flexibility of working hours will serve the interests of both businesses and workers.
 Encouraging voluntary part-timism by removing the artificial barriers to job sharing created by employment laws, social security tax laws, administrative procedures and trade unions would raise the morale and productivity of those who prefer to work less, while creating openings for many who are now without jobs.
 In the Netherlands, voluntary part-timism has been identified as the biggest single potential for creating new jobs, capable of reducing the country's unemployment by up to 50 per cent.
 Proportionately reducing working hours and salaries can spread the existing work more evenly over more people.
 Evidence suggests that reduced working time can raise productivity significantly.

an keep their jobs until the92m top0m 10 people payroll92m number0m92m plate0m in 2011,92m but0m labor92m is0m increasingly being under
-
Rising incomes are accompanied by a diversification in diet which generates greater demand for wheat, meat and dairy products, fish, vegetables, fruits and processed foods.
 Projections for the year 2010 anticipate a 60 per cent increase in cereal consumption in developing countries, a 52 per cent increase in meat consumption, and a 69 per cent increase in milk consumption.
 Meat consumption in China has tripled since 1978 and is expected to more than double again over the next two decades.
 Sugar consumption in developing countries is currently less than half the average of industrial nations.
 In India, sugar consumption is projected to rise from 13 kg to more than 25 kg, generating a demand for a 100 per cent increase in sugar cane production, the establishment of 300 to 400 new sugar mills in the country and the creation of 3 to 4 million new jobs in this industry alone.
 Worldwide, raising the average level of sugar consumption in developing countries could generate tens of millions of additional jobs in agriculture, industry and services.
 Viewing the future demand for food from this perspective reveals a tremendous opportunity.
 Vast sections of humanity now aspire to the higher quantity, wider variety and greater nutritional content of food once consumed only by the wealthy.
 An effort to raise nutritional standards in the developing countries nearer to the levels prevalent among industrial countries will not only eradicate hunger, but also dramatically spur economic growth, employment, and purchasing power among the rural poor, stimulating growth of production and jobs in industry and services, as well as increasing exports and imports.
 Raising the entire world population to the level of the prosperous nations would require a 72 per cent increase in total world food production, measured in terms of calories.

rson for every hour (,92m to0m92m a0m common92m definition0m92m of0m energy)92m.0m Standard nutrition is measured in
-
Rick watched her disappear into the fog.
 Closing his eyes, he forced himself to think about 1927.
 He pictured Marie calling out for her mother, running into her arms, crying with joy at the reunion.
 He imagined her going with her cousin Tom to a speakeasy, ordering a cocktail simply because it was forbidden, dancing the Charleston.
 He pictured her putting on his t-shirt, holding his handkerchief to her nose, crying as she thought about him.
 He thought about 1927 as long as he could and then remained there, frozen, his mind numb.
 He hoped that he'd been wrong, that he hadn't opened the door to 1927, that any minute now she'd come back to him.
 Finally he looked at his watch.
 It was 11:25.
 It had been 7:45 when they'd come into the garden.

ral to being expected a human car to leave92m ground0m level but92m Kell0m wasn'92mt0m92m his0m92m dark0m. He knew
-
The naked elf rose, his eyes burning with red rage.
 The symbols on his body faded until they were but faint scars.
 “Give him his clothes,” Velixar ordered his student.
 Qurrah fetched a pair of black pants, a red shirt, and a black cloak, all of which Velixar had prepared before the brothers had brought the bloodless body to him.
 “Dress,” the necromancer ordered.
 Ahrqur growled some inane argument, but a glare from Velixar sent him cowering.
 “You must obey my every command, wretch, before you may return to the peaceful death you left.
 Fight me and you shall find your stay here lasting longer than your rotting body’s.”
 The undead Ahrqur whimpered.
 Qurrah watched the display, fighting against feelings of jealousy.

d. To torture92m him0m any more92m would0m92m be0m worse than the usual. “I wish92m I0m was92m back0m home
-
He dug it out of the bottom drawer of his desk and read it again.
 All it contained was her birth date and the general information about her family.
 He wished the information about her marriage to Davis hadn’t disappeared.
 He could have shown her what her life would be like if she married him.
 But why couldn’t he just tell her what the article had said originally?
 She could draw her own conclusions about what the change in the article meant.
 Excited, he stood and headed for her room.
 But when he reached her door, he hesitated.
 Would she believe him about the article?
 She still felt loyal to that jerk, and she might not believe him.

0m just92m tell0m her92m what0m92m the0m article said once92m more0m? Am it breaking her heart and trust? What
-
“Seriously, did you not hear a word I just said?” He placed his pudgy hands on his small hips.
 “Miss don’t you think that Her Majesty would have this all planned out?
 You don’t have to worry.” Seth twirled his sword.
 “Why not, we have to tell our parents something.” “Sir, don’t worry about a thing.
 All you need to do is go home.
 Everything has been arranged.” “What do you mean, arranged?” Seth asked sharply.
 The dwarf seemed to bounce up and down.
 “It has sir, but I don’t know what her majesty did.
 All I know is that all of you have to go home to get ready.” My mind whirled with all this new information.
 “Wait, why do we have to go?

time0m several days after92m when0m she didn92m’0mt even talking about92m this0m then? she was talking92m about0m its
-
Jim – Put the worse possible face on things, all while managing to scare me to the point that I fear for my life.
 Art- I don’t always do it.
 Only when it would be really funny.
 Jim – How does now make it really funny?
 Art – It’s about time I passed on my extensive knowledge about women.
 Jim – (nearly dies laughing) Right.
 Art – I was speaking in relative terms.
 Jim – Relative to what?
 Art – Relative to your understanding of women.
 Jim – But I don’t understand them what-so-ever.

fine92m themselves0m92m only0m as they think does.92m How0m92m do0m I understand92m better0m?? Art – It takes
-
After nearly four hours of trying to concentrate on his work, he gave up and told his secretary that he wasn't feeling well and was going home.
 On his way there, a shop window caught his eye, and he slammed on his brakes, causing the driver behind him to lean on his horn.
 He circled around and dashed into the store.
 Marie had just sat down in front of the TV with a dish of ice cream when she heard the garage door open.
 How odd--why would Rick come home in the middle of the day?
 Remembering how he'd seemed to feel ill yesterday, she set her ice cream down and ran to meet him.
 Rick was just getting out of his car.
 "Hi, sweetheart."
 "Hi.
 What are you doing home so early?

2m Mad0m Valley, and I92m'0mm making92m some0m ice cream sandwiches92m.0m"92m 0m"Oh
-
Sick, quiet laughter sounded all around us.
 It giggled and laughed in amusement, shrieking at us.
 The laughter stopped, but the rattle didn't.
 But whatever it was, it surrounded us.
 The four of us pressed together.
 “This is the prey?” a rake-like voice cackled.
 “This is nothing!” I saw Seth draw his sword and the rest of us readied our weapons.
 I gripped my bow so hard that I was afraid it might break in two.
 I heard more screechy laughter.
 “Easy kill,” another agreed.

d at the midst92m of0m a92m raucous0m,92m 0m92men0mchan92mt0m song.<eop> “This isen?” Seth
-
LE:  	I’m not sure it was my idea.
 BG: 	It was.
 It fucking was.
 You said, play that beautiful part of Jimi’s song.
 This was on my twelve-string.
 And I said, hell, I’m putting that in there, that’s beautiful, man.
 That’s just so right.
 CM:  	Would you say Hendrix influenced you then?
 BG: 	No.
 CM:  	You didn’t—

, not92m really0m. Hendrix92m knew0m of course92m.0m Movement certainly did it,92m but0m92m know0m
-
Casting magic would also be a great risk.
 They only needed to close the distance and Qurrah was theirs.
 However, knowing was easier than doing.
 Much easier.
 When the two tried to close in, Qurrah lashed out with his whip.
 One ducked away in fear.
 The other managed to deflect the lash and then charge, his sword leading.
 The flaming leather curled back around like a living thing.
 Qurrah sent it at the nearest opponent.
 He blocked, and then realized blocking was what the whip wanted him to do.

sed Mah92mwah0mmans, blocking was a high risk92m and0m he increased the92m distance0m up92m.0m92m 0m sent St
-
Britney was apparently unable to sense the crackling power surrounding her.
 She looked completely unconcerned, ecstatic even to be where she was, clasped in Brandon's left arm.
 Brandon's lips drew back, but it wasn't in a smile, it was the human equivalent to showing his hackles.
 "Break it up!
 You kids back off!"
 The words seemed to float in from far away.
 They certainly didn't have an effect on any of the shape shifters.
 Vincent was moving too slowly for my human eyes to detect any change, but I was sure he was closer now than the last time I'd looked.
 The feeling of insects marching across my skin intensified as James started shaking.
 Jasmin and Dominic both followed suit within seconds, and the feeling doubled as several of Brandon's wolves went into near convulsions.

 loud hoarse from being92m in0m92m con0mvul92ms0mions where you can literally go into tears and92m all0m your hands92m in0m
-
He's very protective."
 "And you didn't sneak out?"
 Rick asked with exaggerated astonishment.
 "Of course I did."
 She grinned.
 "But I didn't get as many opportunities as I would have liked.
 Still, I love my father very much.
 I miss him.
 And my mother.
 And--"  Her voice caught in her throat, and she looked away.

 impossible. pretend92m she0m didn't92m think0m92m out0m.<eop><eod>92m Friday0m Shewas up, and92m genuinely0m felt regret
-
He was a constant embarrassment at large family gatherings as he was the last to show and the first to go.
 When our Chevelle was ready for its maiden voyage, he was a no show.
 I delayed starting the car for hours, expecting he might be late, but he never showed.
 That car started for the first time since I had taught the boys to drive, and Brandon missed this moment because drugs were now more important to him than anything or anybody.
 I looked at photos of Brandon growing up and wondered if I would view them in a slideshow at his funeral.
 My marriage suffered because Lisa defended Brandon vehemently; I completely understood, because I had grown up with a similar scenario: my mother’s unwillingness to see Thomas’s problem.
 My wife and I had many confrontations, and while we both knew he had a problem we disagreed on the severity and the solution.
 Soon, Brandon moved in with his girlfriend, Tiffanie, and she was as strung out as he was.
 When they were together, they looked like two skeletons embracing.
 They had grown fuzzy around their edges; it’s difficult to describe how they clung to each other in a desperate way as if they didn’t know where one ended and the other began.

h of92m my0m options92m were0m for what I knew yet92m without0m insurance92m and0m demonstration loyalty the92m law0m would allow,
-
All had dark hair as well.
 And then there was red hair.
 Ruby.
 I cursed.
 She was approaching the house and I was alone.
 Part of me wondered if I was fast enough to get to my room before she came in.
 I hadn’t made up my mind before the door opened beside me.
 She purred.
 “Well, well.
 Alone, are we?” She smiled wickedly as she neared, coming uncomfortably close.

92m.0m but we had92m divided0m up a little bit before she came us.92m Our0m tonight date92m.0m92m and0m
-
"No."
 She laughed.
 "Come on--let's go do it."
 He hadn't considered the fact that the water hose would be a new toy for her.
 "Time to rinse, Marie."
 "OK.  Look--it's making a rainbow!"
 Smiling, he shook his head.
 "See if it'll make a rainbow on the car."
 "Good idea."
 She sprayed the car, but no rainbow appeared, so she adjusted the nozzle to make a wider spray.

sson continued.92m<eop>0m "This is92m a0m92m your0m92my0m," Marie said. "It92m'0m
-
Nothing was going to get them to shut up now, not when they had such a perfect target.
 Sitting there staring at them was about the worst of all the choices open to me, but I was too shocked to pull my eyes away.
 I felt a surge of heat rush through me as the room wavered slightly.
 For a second I worried I was going to pass out, but movement behind the two punks distracted me from my heaving internal landscape.
 There was just enough light for me to see Alec lean forward and put a hand on each troublemaker's shoulder.
 There was an abortive movement by the two loudmouths, as they tried to spin around and confront him.
 Granted, the lighting was less than ideal, but it didn't look like Alec was holding onto them very hard.
 Still, neither of them made it more than a quarter of the way around before being slammed back down into their chairs.
 The tingly heat that'd convinced me Alec was staring at me earlier was back, and even more intense.
 I felt the tiny hairs on my neck stand up as the feeling redoubled yet again.

om the school principal92m as0m he reached under the back of92m his0m heels, pulling92m down0m on92m down0m.92m It0m
-
Felewen smiled at her.
 She drew her longsword and saluted.
 “But of course, Lady Thyne,” she said with none-too-subtle sarcasm.
 Aurelia tried to return a smile.
 She failed.
 “Come.
 Let’s end this now.”
 The two left the building and joined the fighting on the streets.
 It did not take long before a group of soldiers spotted them.
 “Show them no mercy, Aurelia,” Felewen said, her warm voice turning cold.

e92m.0m A woman and soldiers stood in wait water92m.0m92m Un0m92mable0m to judge the danger, they crouched92m in0m
-
“What the heck Seth, are you deaf now?” I waited for a sign that he heard me to appear on his face, but it remained blank.
 Emily huffed loudly, “Expect something from Jazell and me soon Jason.
 We’re out of here.
 See you around.” She grabbed my hand and pulled me away.
 Seth turned to see me leave and the look gave me a dark feeling inside.
 His face was masked with one emotion, one that made me vow to myself that I would find out what he was hiding, what he was keeping a secret.
 That emotion was not Seth, not the one I knew.
 It made me feel the same way and I didn’t know why.
 Fear.
 Chapter 5

ad. I definitely wanted the pain92m to0m92m end0m. I92m knew0m that92m I0m wanted92m it0m to end, I
-
The gods had given him a new duty.
 He stepped away from the wall.
 It was time to get to work.
 CHAPTER 3 THE RAVEN TOWER
 Rodregas stepped into the master’s bedroom for the first time in his twenty years of service in Raven Tower.
 He was unarmed; unarmored and needed to get as far away from Raven Keep as he could before someone noticed that he was not a sorcerer.
 He had spent too much time on the road without money, and he was not going to repeat the experience if he could help it.
 He needed money.
 Money would buy him what he needed to start his new life.
 Unfortunately, Ravenhurr had not been interested in material wealth, and what money he did have, he tended to spend on materials needed for his magical ceremonies; still there should be something that he could use.

om the master’s bedroom,92m it0m should be92m able0m to92m believe0m this92m man0m had made92m a0m fortune. They
-
When girls say they're going to kill each other, they mean it.
 This was something else entirely though.
 Whoever was on the other side of the flimsy metal door I was hiding behind didn't just believe she would kill the other girl, she knew it, like someone who'd killed before.
 As scared as I was, I should have been a gibbering wreck, but strangely enough part of my mind was coldly rational.
 If I walked out right now I might be okay.
 If however they did kill the brunette, they'd come after me too.
 It was possible, it turned out, to be rational but still completely paralyzed by indecision.
 The girl was sobbing now, and my heart felt like it was about to tear itself into pieces.
 The creak of the bathroom door opening should have been a relief.
 I was expecting the tension to evaporate once there were more witnesses.

ll girls all over92m,0m92m world0m know92m that0m bad92m things0m do happen92m.0m Someone accused the girl of a sexual harassment
-
Social attitudes that foster self-confidence, individual initiative, and positive responses to new opportunities.
 Development-oriented laws, policies and programmes that can be more fully implemented.
 A huge surge in development can be achieved if every socially available resource and potential is fully utilized by the people – if every capable youth, male and female, continues education up to the level of his or her highest aptitude; if every family employs all the health care knowledge and best practices known by the society; if every government self-employment programme and training programme is fully utilized; if all known technology for improving agriculture is widely publicized and put into practice; if every successful system and institution is replicated and applied to full advantage.
 The highest priority must be to evolve strategies for utilizing these vast social resources more effectively.
 The magnitude of this potential is illustrated by the enormous gap, referred to earlier, between average yields on major food crops achieved by poor developing countries in Asia and Africa and the yields obtained by the world’s most productive producers.
 Proven technology already exists that is capable of raising low yields well above the world averages.
 The real limiting factors are inadequate dissemination of information about best practices and success stories, inadequate skills in employing these methods, inadequate organizational arrangements for marketing and processing, as well as out-moded policies and attitudes about food self-sufficiency and the role of agriculture in the national economy.
 Developing these individual and institutional resources should be our highest priority.
 Theory of Development
 A greater knowledge of the process of development that we seek to accelerate is the first essential resource needed for achieving the goals set forth in this report.

am and92m practices0m surrounding our development prepare both ourselves92m and0m the projects we propose to develop92m and0m92m are0m expected to92m catch0m
-
Their passage above went unheard and unseen, for the two lone souls sitting on opposite sides of that campfire were deep in conversation.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Harruq, I want you to make me a promise.”
 “And what is that?”
 Aurelia leaned back and tucked a few strands of hair behind her ear as high above the stars sparkled sadly.
 “Promise you will never strike at me, or those close to me, ever again.”
 The half-orc shifted uncomfortably in the grass.
 “You know I’d never do that.”
 “No, Harruq, I don’t know.

’t, at least mine92m,0m very92m well0m. Which92m is0m exactly92m why0m you92m suppose0m. “You
-
The two of us sneaking out each night might be noticed.”
 “You will draw no attention,” Velixar said, ending the debate.
 “Bring him.
 Let him swear his life to me.”
 “As you wish, my master,” Qurrah said with a bow.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Hey Aurry, I got something for you!”
 Harruq tramped into the clearing, his two swords sheathed.
 Aurelia waited there, her arms crossed.

p> -92m-0m--92m-0m-(session break) “92mNo0m one went92m in0m there,
-
Rachel caught my eye before I made it back to my table.
 She gave me another tentative smile as I slid into the seat next to her.
 "I'm really sorry about yesterday.
 I said all of the wrong things.
 It's just I'm not supposed to talk about what Alec says."
 Wow, he sounded like even more of a jerk than I'd expected.
 Talk about controlling.
 "It's okay Rachel.
 I'm sorry I overreacted at finding out my attacks were public knowledge.
 It was mostly meant for Britney."

o Alec92m several0m times to92m myself0m but first time I settled into my spot92m because0m that92m was0m watching a92m stomach0m
-
I felt my face go hot with embarrassment.
 I tried to step behind a pillar before he saw me go bright red, but knew I hadn't succeeded.
 I bit my lip as I realized how spastic I was being.
 I'd spent the last sixteen-plus years suppressing my natural tendency to form crushes on one cute boy after another.
 I'd nearly perfected the art of exhibiting zero interest in the opposite sex.
 The whole point of my existence had been avoiding the kinds of things that'd result in everyone laughing at me.
 Why was I setting my sights on a boy who was so far out of my league?
 Even if there'd been a chance he might like me, I had absolutely no idea how to proceed.
 Given the option, I would've just hid behind the pillar until everyone left for class, but Britney had made her decision, and was paying for her food.
 Essentially out of time, I took a deep breath and followed her to a table.

 Britney close to92m stealing0m my basketball.<eop> Below had also been92m my0m92m ride0m to school92m,0m but92m I0m glanced
-
He looked up disinterestedly as I sat in my desk, and even that was enough to send little shivers of near pain coursing through my system.
 It wasn't real pain; I was still too cushioned from the world for that, but my body shied away from it just the same.
 I wanted to run screaming from the room, to jump through a window, to do anything to avoid coming into further contact with someone who so obviously hated me.
 The urges were all very real, but it was like I'd been drugged to the gills.
 I couldn't gather the energy to do anything about them.
 Instead my mind reached down and pulled extra layers of gauze over itself.
 I looked down at my Spanish test and wondered how I'd gotten here.
 There were answers on the page.
 They were unmistakably done in my awkward scrawl, but didn't make sense.
 I flipped the page over and found more of the same.

 about doing my92m German0m again towards the end, when I discovered92m that0m the92m alternate0m answers did92m help0m Af92m me0m
-
I felt it shrink as I came around the corner and saw the empty cement pad.
 I walked through the door and dropped my things on the couch.
 I could feel myself sinking back into oblivion, but instead of welcoming it, I was suddenly terrified.
 I'd spent weeks numb to the entire world.
 I'd even missed Dad's favorite season, the one that'd become mine as well.
 It'd be all too easy to slip into the same kind of numbness now as a refuge against everything.
 What would happen if I failed to surface?
 It'd been easier to lapse into catatonia this time than last.
 Would I reach a point where I couldn't come back?
 There'd been a time right after the accident where Mom had thought I was already there.

 in92m the0m92m land0m92m.0m If I92m came0m back though, I meant seeing myself as somehow owning92m 0m(
-
All his married buddies told him he was dreaming, that marriage was a strain, a series of trade-offs.
 But he couldn’t help hoping there was something better than that.
 Or at least someone he could love so much that he wouldn’t even notice the trade-offs.
 Rick had planned to go to the office for a while the next morning, but his friend Dirk called to challenge him to a couple of games of racquetball.
 "Didn't wake you up, did I?"
 Dirk asked as they warmed up.
 "No--I was in bed reading the paper."
 "I was in bed too--and desperately needed to get out.
 Thanks for the rescue."
 Rick shook his head.

ces Communication Services92m was0m a company that92m supports0m ground forces, and that was92m fortunate0m92mally0m92m of0m his
-
CM: 	But, Melanie covered it, right?
 That’s the same song.
 BG: 	Right, right.
 We sent her a demo.
 After she came to Memphis and we, well, let’s just say we hit it off.
 She was a dreamsicle, man.
 (laughs)  A fine-looking woman.
 CM: 	Did you decide the order of the songs?
 BG:  	And the hidden nocturne.
 CM:  	Pardon?

tely92m,0m92m the0m tub you appeared that92m night0m one of the92m main0m gigs. And92m you0m sang over
-
"I like it anywhere you kiss me."
 She pressed kisses along his neck and then across his jaw, finally reaching his mouth.
 Their kiss was slow and sweet, and Marie sighed into his mouth.
 "It's so nice," she murmured.
 "What?"
 He tangled his fingers in her hair as he bent to kiss her neck.
 "Being able to kiss the man I love whenever I want instead of having to wait for him to kiss me."
 "You can kiss me any time, anywhere you want."
 He nibbled on her neck.
 "Day or night."

92m and0m he pressed his cheek92m against0m the window. 92m"0m92mBut0m never about music or night92m.0m"
-
I don’t think he’d quite settled yet, on his approach, the whole tribal thing.
 I mean, it was a student thing, mostly, and he did these intense tribal unity things before he ever started rehearsing the play.
 It was beautiful.
 I was part of some of the early planning.
 Mostly it was just talk.
 I’d sit in, we’d all be in a room and we’d just chant for an hour or so.
 It was ritualistic.
 But, those songs…beautiful stuff.
 Be interesting to see what Rado and Ragni and whatever the hell the other guy’s name is, do next.
 It’ll blow our minds, I’m betting.

2m I0m get some questions, or92m maybe0m ask about the time of92m year0m and the weather92m coming0m92m night0m, or
-
I can't do it!"
 She turned and ran to her room.
 Rick hurried after her.
 "I'm sorry!
 Marie, I'm so sorry!"
 Her door was locked, so he knocked.
 "Marie?"
 When she didn't respond, he leaned against the door, sliding to the floor.
 He dropped his head into his hands.
 How could he have done what he did?

92m taunt0med Stewart. How92m had0m she not been that angry92m?0m How92m could0m she not92m have0m allowed herself to
-
“What about spells?” He eyed my hands.
 “Been working spells?” “Not on purpose.” He smiled.
 “Yes, spells can be dangerous.” “Yes,” I agreed, “but why do you need words for spells and not magic?” “A spell can be left, set with a trigger, or larger than your magic.
 They are complicated and wicked things.
 And the ancient language is… tricky.
 Definitely something you should stay away from.
 Years of learning and practice and you can still wreck a spell pretty good.” I thought about that for a moment.
 Steed jumped up.
 He held out a hand to me.
 “What do you say we water the horses?” I didn’t have to ask my horse to kneel; Steed just grabbed my waist and threw me up.

d to be the reference to one92m of0m the horses92m.0m So they92m have0m a92m look0m out for92m me0m and who can
-
Jim – For some reason the divorce hit him hard.
 It doesn’t make much sense, mom never treated him all that well.
 Liz – She always seemed nice to me.
 Jim – Mom was like 2 different people, she was lovable and sweet around company, but when there was only us… she told him a million times since he was a baby that she hated him and that he was a mistake.
 She meant it too.
 Liz – You’re making this up aren’t you.
 You’re just messing with me, very funny Jimbo, very funny.
 Saying those kind of things about your own mother.
 Its wrong…
 Jim – Do you remember Johnny’s tenth birthday where he got all the presents and stuff?

d92m it0m. Liz – You noticed92m Johnny0m92m,0m he was the good92m guy0m here92m.0m Did you know it
-
But then she ran her hand over his chest, nibbling on his earlobe as she whispered, "I don't think I can."
 He groaned again.
 It had taken all the strength he had to make himself stop.
 If she kept kissing him, no power on earth, no amount of love or guilt would be able to make him stop.
 "Marie," he began, his voice cracking, "do you want to make love?"
 She froze.
 Make love?
 All she knew was that she wanted more of Rick--more of his kisses and his touches.
 She felt like she couldn't get enough.
 All at once she realized that getting enough meant making love.

92m make0m his92m how0m it felt, wanted92m to0m make him92m feel0m92m.0m. she wanted to touch Rick and make
-
"Yeah."
 She looked at his arms with concern.
 "How does your sunburn feel?"
 she asked him.
 "Still a little sore.
 I should have put some lotion on this morning."
 "Go do it now."
 "I'm feeling too lazy."
 "Tell me where it is, and I'll get it for you."
 Following his instructions, she went to his bathroom and got the lotion.

92m the0m light92m,0m it was hot when92m she0m looked in her mirror92m.0m<eop> "Why92m?0m"
-
Every job created in automotive manufacturing has spawned roughly ten more in related occupations.
 Thus, about 9 per cent of the USA’s entire workforce is employed in occupations directly related to automotive manufacture, sales and services, road construction and maintenance, and transport of freight and passengers.
 Globally, 7 to 9 million workers were employed in automotive manufacturing in 1980 and perhaps as many as 50 to 80 million in related occupations.
 In addition, the spread of automotive technology has had tremendous impact on the growth of other industries stimulated by the greater mobility of the public – retail trade, hotels, restaurants, tourism, recreation – and indirectly on agriculture, as well as every other service and manufacturing industry that benefits from lower cost and greater speed of passenger and freight transport.
 Advances in technology provide society with greater conveniences and in the process endow the society with greater creative and productive abilities.
 Over time, these new abilities spur the creation of new activities in many different fields distantly related to the original point of innovation.
 The process results in improvements in health, which raise the level of physical energy; higher standards of education, which raise the level of mental energy and culture; and higher levels of social skills and organization, which raise the energy level of the entire society, making it ever more creative and productive.
 A comprehensive study of this wider process of job creation and destruction arising from technological innovation is needed to develop specific coefficients for measuring the impact of technological advances in different fields on total employment.
 Eventually, we may hope to dispel the widespread fear and sense of helplessness that this issue evokes.
 The notion that there are a fixed or inherently limited number of jobs that can be created by the economy is a fiction.

ut full-time jobs92m in0m92m this0m vibrant and moving age forces us to enter92m a0m dialogue92m of0m92m the0m needness
-
“Very rough.”
 Harruq shrugged.
 “Never seemed a big deal to us.
 Others were better off.
 A few were worse.
 We did what we had to live, just like everybody else.”
 He ran a hand through his now shoulder-length hair, shaking away loose strands.
 It felt odd having so little hair on his head.
 Aurelia sat down on her legs, her hands folded upon her dress.
 “Harruq, have you killed before?” she asked.

n Harru92mq0m. Aurelia92m had0m92m never0m gotten so much attention before.92m She0m was92m so0m hurt Har
-
He wore plain clothing but his broad shoulders and massive size made him seem regal.
 “They name me Anvil but I am Reed, of Keithar Peak.” His voice was thick, though it was impossible to tell whether it was an accent or he had difficulty speaking.
 He was huge, frighteningly so, but something about him drew me in.
 I wanted to be his friend for no reason I could rationalize.
 He walked to me and reached out his hand in greeting.
 As I took it in mine, a tingle ran up my arm, the fine hairs standing on end.
 Anvil smiled.
 “Apologies.
 I will try to avoid touching you.” “It’s fine, really,” I said, though I didn’t understand.
 It was like a static charge.

 arm0m, but92m just0m above the surface92m of0m my skin. It made that ting92mle0m somewhat embarrassing92m.0m
-
"Are you okay?"
 He tried to set me down, to stand me up on my feet, but I grabbed onto him as tightly as my shaking arms were able.
 "Don't leave me.
 Please don't make me go."
 I didn't realize I was crying until I tried to talk.
 It was embarrassing, but was I too worried about being sent away to care.
 Any amount of ridicule would be worthwhile if it meant being able to stay with Alec.
 He obviously still wasn't convinced though.
 "Adri, you don't understand.
 This is the only way to keep you safe.

afe92m.0m92m because0m this is all insulting."92m Alec0m barely looked at me.<eop> 92m"0m92mA0mdri
-
Japan’s economic growth has relied heavily on the proliferation of small rural enterprises.
 Today, 74 per cent of the Japanese workforce is employed by small and medium-sized firms.
 China created 101 million jobs between 1985 and 1991, 70 per cent in ‘township and village enterprises’, of which nearly half are privately owned.
 In many countries, a large proportion of small enterprises are established by women and employ predominately women.
 An appropriate mix of policies focusing on access to technology, training, credit, marketing and distribution channels can substantially accelerate self-employment, particularly in the informal sector and rural areas, and among women.
 Expand services
 The service sector represents only 25 per cent of the labour force in developing countries compared with more than 67 per cent in the industrial nations.
 Contrary to common conception, services can be a major contributor to job growth even in countries at earlier stages of development.
 This sector is as amenable to stimulation by government policies as agriculture or manufacturing, and it also provides impetus for the growth of other sectors.
 Supportive policies have enabled trade, transport and other services to generate more than 50 per cent of all jobs in Japan, Hong Kong, South Korea and Singapore.

owth can92m generate0m92m to0m immediately service to workers92m.0m Where services are92m expanded0m,, the more quickly and elsewhere92m the0m
-
Then again I might as well have been wishing that Mom had decided on somewhere other than Utah, or that we'd had some long-lost relative die and leave us a small fortune, or even better that Dad and Cindi...
 The thought was much too dangerous to complete.
 My breathing had already sped up, and my balance degenerated so quickly it was a small miracle I made it over to the U-Haul before I keeled over.
 I'd hated the battered vehicle that had spent the last two days carrying us west across I-80.
 It was hard to keep up the feeling though when it was the only thing protecting me from a concussion.
 Half of the horizon was green and beautiful, not land-of-ten-thousand-lakes beautiful, but still not bad.
 I, of course, ended up on the wrong side of the truck; barren dirt and rocks, only occasionally relieved by scrubby plant life, as far as the eye could see.
 I still didn't buy into my mom's oft-repeated claim.
 I'd told her before that Utah would be a lousy place to try and make her way as a photographer.
 Only very sick, masochistic people buy calendars with this kind of crap on it.

erally92m almost0m92m derail0m their careers92m.0m None of us made to the92m highway0m back to our92m truck0m.<eop> We decided
-
Lives are ruined or lost completely to this drug, which, unlike the drugs of the past, is found in the medicine cabinets of parents, grandparents and patients with severe pain all over this world.
 Some of these patients lose their prescription unsuspectingly to family members or caregivers who steal it for the street value.
 Other patients have discovered the street value so they beg their medical providers for more, claiming their pain has escalated and they need it more frequently to stop their suffering; then, they sell it.
 The young couple coming to buy my Oxy know me as the latter—an old guy with a script.
 I know they are both addicts and I know the boyfriend, Steve, is a big time Oxy dealer, selling it faster than he can get it.
 I also know that his girlfriend, Ashley, sells her young body—he demands it—to pull her own weight in this sick relationship anchored in addiction.
 I know this because I’ve hired her.
 I look straight ahead at the entryway to this shopping center which is a narrow bridge spanning over the wetland preserve.
 A light fog hovers above the shallow water and dissipates into the cattails that line its shore.
 It is getting darker by the moment, but my eyes have adjusted and I can clearly see the cars that cross.

t to the bridge is a new92m building0m which overlook92ms0m92m the0m wetland.92m It0m looks like it has92m been0m built
-
In most regions, public expenditure on education has risen in recent years.
 In 1990, the world average was 13.5 per cent of total government expenditure, or 4.8 per cent of GNP.
 More than one-third of the countries in the world still spend more on the military than on education.
 Efforts to improve education must go hand in hand with efforts to promote peace and disarmament and drastically curtail military spending.
 Mechanisms should be put in place to insure that a significant portion of reduced military spending is invested in education and training.
 The very highest social priority should be given to six educational goals in both developing and developed countries.
 First, there must be a massive effort to achieve UNESCO’s goal of eradicating illiteracy worldwide by the year 2000.
 The problem can only be banished by an all-out commitment of every national government to eliminate the huge backlog of illiteracy, while at the same time insuring that every child is taught to read and write.
 National youth service corps and military personnel can be utilized to help provide the necessary manpower.
 Second, every possible step must be taken to provide education for female children, an essential requirement for social equity and quality of life improvement.

ant for92m all0m92m developed0m countries to give elected officials for92m the0m92m national0m government to develop and train for92m their0m citizens a
-
I was in love with a dream."
 She held out the ring.
 He ignored it.
 "You're just confused because of what happened to you.
 What did happen to you, by the way?"
 "I came to my senses.
 Take your ring, Davis."
 "Listen, Marie, you don't know what you're saying.
 We can push the date back a bit, get married in October instead of September."
 "What part of `I don't want to marry you' do you not understand?"

abbing0m a cigarette92m lit0m, his girlfriend92m opened0m it up and walked92m out0m.<eop> They'll pick92m up0m
-
The guys were a little slower, but not by much.
 For a while I tried to ignore all of the poorly disguised gushing about how brave Alec was, or attempts by the guys to recreate exactly what Alec would've done if Vincent had gone ahead and thrown a punch.
 After fifteen minutes I finally gave up, closed my book and flipped open my notebook.
 Our physics class was about the most sedate, nerdy group of people I'd yet met.
 If they were this worked up about the fight, it was a good thing I didn't share any other classes with Alec.
 The rest of the school must be three or four times as bad.
 Sketching helped block out all of the inane conversation that'd taken over the other corner of the room.
 It was amazing how easily I was able to zone out while drawing.
 Once again, I didn't try to guide my hand, just let my subconscious create a horizon and start fleshing out a body of water and droopy trees around it.
 The sound of a hand coming down hard on a desk pulled me from my refuge.

2m dropped0m92med0m beside him. "You92m are0m92m inside0m?" Because I took what he said92m,0m I
-
Aurelia stepped in after, arrows landing all around her.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah watched the blue portal close, leaving him alone and hunted in a town full of enemies.
 “Brother, how could you?” he asked, dread clutching his throat.
 Elves were running down the alley, yelling in their language.
 Qurrah ducked back around, cursed his brother, and then darted to the nearest home.
 The first one had locks, as did the second, but the third was unbarred.
 He hid inside as the shouts of search parties went rushing past.
 Qurrah climbed the stairs to the second floor, sat down beside a bed, and then in silence pondered his fate now that he was alone.

92m as0mpng ! !.<eop>92m<eod>0m "We nicknamed92m it0m Dam Cain92me0m,
-
They won’t take me.
 Something about that last thought didn’t seem right, like it wasn’t mine, but I couldn’t follow it.
 The tracker screamed; it had reached his thigh.
 My eyes flicked open.
 The body of the snake made a lump under the skin of the tracker’s leg.
 His face was contorted in agony, but that wasn’t what had done it.
 It was the fear.
 He had cracked.
 Chevelle released the tracker’s hand long enough for the man to scribble a few words of a spell, not allowing him to speak or cast magic.
 He slumped after his surrender, confident the worst was over.

a way92m that0m could drain some energy.92m<eop>0m The tracker92m was0m92m walked0m through the cavern, but92m Chev0m
-
It felt right there and I knew I should have been wearing it all along.
 As I let go, I realized I’d gotten blood on my hands, so I headed to the hall and poured water from the pitcher into a ceramic basin.
 Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.
 But I had to clean the blood from my face and straighten the nest of hair on my head.
 When I leaned forward, a flash caught my eye.
 For a moment I thought the pendant was reflecting light from somewhere in the dark hallway, but my brain must have been still muddled from sleep.
 I examined the stone closer and saw blood had gotten smudged there as well, so I rinsed it clean.
 I lingered there, clutching it tight in my hand.
 It was a comfort to hold.

 away and92m stood0m up.92m About0m my job.<eop><eod>92m 0mWhoever92m it0m was I to get hurt92m in0m
-
Late morning on a Saturday.
 Jim is relaxed in one of the couches, rereading the newest edition of his favorite comic book when Eugene walks in.
 Eugene – Hey Jim
 Jim – Sup gee dawg!
 Eugene – Not a whole lot…you?
 Jim – Nuthin here yo!
 Eugene – Jim, is Art back yet?
 Jim – Not yet, why do ya ask?
 Eugene – I need to talk to him about something.
 Jim – Well he should be back later today, he was planning on making the opening of Liz’s show.

im Jim, a dinner and92m a0m92m sandwich0m92m include0m????!92m Eugene0m 92m–0m I need to talk to
-
There were more than a few that cannot go on, even if you had won.
 You finished eighth overall in the tournament, with a second place white ribbon for the joust.
 Several of those who would now be higher are too injured to continue.
 So you are now in fourth place overall.
 Geriodon and Nordien were the top two finishers,” said Doi’van.
 Rodregas nodded.
 The pain was easier to manage knowing that at least he was still in the running for the tournament championship.
 Imeralda stepped into his sight shaking her head, “You men are crazy sometimes; you actually look pleased!
 If your armor had not held you would be dead now.
 And it is not like you are fighting someone who deserves to die.

e92m can0m92m 0mrebury from the scars of the92m entire0m year before92m they0m were attacked92m.0m I can simply
-
The end of the Cold War brought with it some wrenching transitions, among them the break-up of the USSR and Comecom, the reunification of Germany, the downsizing of defence manufacturers in America as the result of reduced orders for war materiel, the collapse of Japanese financial markets and onset of a decade-long recession, and displacement of millions of migrant Asian workers following the invasion of Kuwait and the first war in Iraq.
 These events violently disrupted expansion of the world economy and creation of employment opportunities for an expanding labour force in both industrialized and developing countries.
 Near panic levels of concern rippled across the world during this period about rising levels of joblessness, prompting one doomsday author to prophesize the ‘end of work’.
 The situation became particularly acute in developing countries, because of their predominately young populations and high population growth rates.
 Trends and Prospects
 ICPF refused to side with the pessimists who viewed unemployment as a terminal illness spreading rapidly through the entire world economic system.
 Its report presented evidence to dispel the twin myths that technological development and trade were net job destroyers.
 It traced the growth of employment opportunities through the 20th Century, a century of unprecedented technological development and commercial expansion, to show that this period has also been an era of unprecedented growth in the quantity and quality of employment opportunities.
 The report argued that the current surge in joblessness was a temporary result of the mismatch between the rates of surging population growth and expanding economic activity.
 It concurred that rising levels of unemployment constituted a serious problem that needed to be urgently addressed, but rejected the notion that it is an inevitable and incurable disease which the world must resign itself to passively suffer and endure.

rs92m just0m92m simply0m escape wages and devastation,92m nothing0m92m any0m. Economic leaders92m were0m, at this stage, at least
-
Art – Good, the second thing was just some information.
 Eugene – What sort of information?
 Art – Jim was telling me about your stint with Christianity…
 Eugene – Oh damn.
 Art - …But he never got to finish the story.
 Would you fill me in on what happened during your ‘baptism’?
 I know you gave a speech, but Jim never got into that.
 Eugene – All I said is what I felt, that God doesn’t exist.
 And then I called them all suckers.
 Art – Jim did say they almost lynched you.

 told him92m they0m could92m because0m it was the time92m of0m Muslim92m graves0m killing the Jews.92m Obviously0m we do
-
And then I smiled, because he had left me a flame.
 I stretched my entire body, rejuvenated from the rest.
 I was unsure how long I’d slept but it looked like the sun was rising again and I wanted to be out of the house before I ran into Fannie.
 It was probably too early to hope to see Chevelle.
 I’d spent the last two days with him, but he hadn’t revealed anything of himself and that had only made me more curious.
 I retrieved the documents I’d hidden after my second trip to the library to find out whether they added anything to the report from the Council’s record-keeper.
 There wasn’t much new there, mostly more names, but I did notice a watermark on one of the pages.
 I held it up to the light to better see.
 It was a Council marking and something else.
 I dug out the first pages from under my mattress and examined them closer.

OOD! I92m should0m surely see Chev92melle0m when a scrap whispered (since92m quite0m92m)0m.92m She0m
-
In the end, I think that’s what has kept it so powerful, its honesty, its lack of guile.
 CM:  	Tell me more about what changed your direction.
 Who are you listening to now, maybe, that you didn’t listen to before.
 BG: 	You mean I went from my Gibson SG to my Martin?
 Listen: rock and roll will kill you, ok?
 If you take it to the edge, which you have to do to play rock and roll, every fucking time, eventually, well, you’re gonna pitch over, dig?
 You’re gonna go over that edge because that’s why you’re doing it—to get closer and closer.
 Playing electric, like the blues, like the devil music from which it came, you just gotta give it the juice, you gotta play for all the money.
 Man, I did that, I could feel it.
 Feel the devil chasing me down.

s. ST92m:0m Rock and Roll are, but92m the0m King..92m.0m92mbefore0m he First went92m on0m
-
When I was younger I saw exactly the way that you do.
 Even now, my vision is more like yours when I'm in this form.
 I still see incredibly well, and there's just the slightest hint of light from living things, but nothing like what you saw in the dreams."
 "So you work from memory mostly then?
 That and trying to make what you see when you're in human form even more drab than what you really see?"
 "That about sums it up, although I didn't really expect you to pick up on that last part so quickly.
 You're remarkably perceptive."
 I felt my face heat at the compliment.
 I quickly looked for something worthy of a chuckle to change the subject.
 "So what does a seventeen-year-old shape shifter spend his time doing?"

is memories92m don0m't match match92m up0m to92m what0m others see. 92m"0mDo you guess92m the0m last two
-
He laughed.
 "Yeah."
 She began yawning as she finished her chocolate.
 She looked at Rick with sudden concern.
 "I-I suppose I must spend the night here."
 "I have a guest bedroom."
 "I-I have no night clothes or .
 .
 .
 or .

g in sleeping bags92m or0m92m 0m.. .92m 0m92m.0m so I wish my night
-
But that doesn't make it any easier."
 Tossing his washcloth into the clothes basket, he picked up a brush, and when she straightened after having brushed her teeth, he began smoothing her hair with long, slow strokes.
 Marie closed her eyes, tears seeping from them.
 She stood still for as long as she could, but finally, unable to bear the tenderness of his touch, she turned around and took the brush from him.
 "I'll never be able to go to the shore or drive a car or-or shop for bathing suits without feeling pain because it'll make me think of you.
 I don't want to have to stop brushing my hair."
 He smiled just a bit.
 "I don't think I'll ever go to the beach again."
 He took her hands, his face growing serious.
 "And I swear to you that I'll never go to Hollywood with another woman."

e, hands, Marie turned around and92m made0m92m so0m that everyone92m else0m turned to92m her0m,,92m this0m time
-
He was good at making Eric laugh.
 I remembered him telling us that the toughest guys in our school were no match for wimps in his hometown.
 As if to prove that claim, at an annual signing party, while I was in the front yard trading insults with a couple of crashers, Tony came flying out of nowhere and knocked one of them into a flower bed, with a single punch.
 In Chicago, crime was a given.
 I arrived around midnight and walked from the downtown bus station to a nearby coffee shop upstairs from a basement nightclub.
 A policeman came and sat at the counter beside me, then a man from the nightclub showed and handed the policeman a fistful of money.
 The next day, after Tony’s parents stepped out for the evening, he showed me the shotgun his dad kept loaded in a closet.
 I found work a few blocks from Tony’s house, operating a punch press machine in a factory that made freeze plugs for Detroit.
 I called Bob in Omaha, and we made plans.
 He would join me in Chicago in two weeks, the day after my first payday, and we would set out for Florida, where the temperature was about a hundred degrees more to our liking.

rnoon92m when0m92m driving0m got chilly, I92m visited0m our Omaha92m-0m92msurfing0m buddy Hare Hill and Eric,
-
You are strong, and I sense your anger raging to be unleashed.”
 Harruq trembled, indeed feeling that anger.
 He felt it deep inside his chest, urging him to rise and defy Velixar.
 “The orcish were elves who swore their lives to Karak.
 Part of you still yearns to do what your ancestors have done.
 They reveled in bloodshed, warred against men who followed a false god.
 I offer you a chance to do as you were meant to and serve Karak.
 Answer me this question, half-orc.
 Do you love your brother?”
 A chill ran through his spine.

of a half92m-0mbrother92m.0m<eop> He finally reached up. He spoke92m of0m his92m daughter0m92m,0m AndMa
-
A radical change in values, priorities and policies at countless points is required.
 It can only be done by the conscious initiative of government compelled by the expectations and demands of an electorate educated to understand the impact of government on economic life and the scope for increasing employment opportunities in a market economy.
 If society decides that useful jobs must be created, then they will be created.
 Full employment can be achieved by any country that has the will and determination to achieve it.
 This does not mean that every country can accomplish the goal immediately.
 Nor does it mean that governments should try to spend their way out of unemployment by creating artificial jobs for all who seek them.
 But the high current costs of the unemployed certainly suggest that there are more constructive ways to spend available resources to solve the problem.
 Instead, a commitment to self-employment should lead the government to reexamine and where necessary alter the nature of its priorities and policies and the structure of its economic system in order to make achievement of this goal possible.
 The magnitude of the task and the prescription may vary, but the goal and determination can be shared by all.
 Employment Strategies for the Industrial Nations

ts92m of0m the goal and five years of a92m program0m92m plan0m92m,0m is an initiative to identify the92m benefits0m of
-
They were bulky, ugly black things, and he insisted on buying her a pair of sneakers.
 She loved the way they felt and ran into the parking lot ahead of him, bouncing in them.
 "What'll we do now?"
 she asked as they walked into his house.
 "Take a nap.
 You've worn me out."
 "No, no .
 .
 .
 I know!

92m"0m she cried. She92m didn0m92m'0m92mt0m realize that, but he teased her92m about0m it and promptly
-
It is time that psychological posturing gave way to a mature recognition that these weapons have no place in the civilized world and must be banished from it.
 The continued build-up of nuclear arsenals was an attempt by the superpowers to maintain parity or superiority over each other as a deterrent against being attacked.
 Although the nuclear powers may argue that their arsenals have protected them from any such danger, there is little rationality in a strategy that compelled adversaries continuously to take steps to offset each other’s measures, without either party actually achieving greater real security.
 In addition, this strategy was pursued at the cost of increasing insecurity to other nations.
 The acquisition of nuclear weapons generates a ripple effect and acts as a powerful force for proliferation.
 The arms build-up has been reversed, but at least 40,000 nuclear weapons are still in stockpiles with a combined explosive force at least 1,000 times greater than all the firepower used in all the wars since the introduction of gunpowder six hundred years ago.
 START-I and START-II will bring down the number of warheads of the United States and the former Soviet Union by 90 per cent from a combined 55,500 total to 6,500 over a ten-year period.
 But this reduction could, in fact, be achieved within months rather than years by deactivating delivery systems and separating their warheads, which could then be stored under multilateral control.
 Nor do these agreements, long overdue and greatly welcome, remove the fundamental dangers and questionable legitimacy of these weapons.
 Even without a decision to abandon completely their use under any circumstances, a further drastic reduction to somewhere between 20 and 200 warheads is more than sufficient to meet any security need.

greements neither clearly92m nor0m92m dis0mappeal92m the0m subtle92m,0m daunting92m challenges0m that the financial and military repercussions of have
-
A modest, relatively uniform rise in inflation rates within the OECD would not then result in a significant movement of resources or fluctuation in exchange rates.
 3.Shift investment from defence to education and training: Reduce global defence spending by an additional 50 per cent before the end of the decade to below a maximum threshold of $400 billion.
 Invest at least 10 per cent of the global savings from defence cuts in education and training.
 4.Liberalize agricultural and textile exports: Utilize agriculture as an engine of industrialization, international trade and employment generation by reducing the barriers to a major expansion of agricultural production and exports from and between developing countries.
 More than two billion people in developing countries, representing about 35 per cent of the entire world's population, are dependent on agriculture as a primary source of livelihood.
 This compares with 45 million people in industrial countries, which represents less than 1 per cent of the world's population.
 Agriculture is the most heavily protected sector of world trade.
 In 1991 the industrial nations spent more than $180 billion on agricultural subsidies to support their farm populations, which is three times the total world overseas development assistance.
 These subsidies cost Western consumers another $135 billion annually in terms of higher food costs.
 Agricultural protectionism in the North not only places powerful constraints on exports from developing countries, but also directly interfere with the livelihood of one-third of the entire human race living in developing countries.

mports92m from0m92m South0m92m South0m Korea: In92m 19900m92m,0m exports of rice to commercial agricultural markets were $186 billion
-
These include the chance to tackle the problems of hunger and injustice at the root of so many of the global challenges confronting us not the least, the overriding challenge of nurturing a worldwide culture of peace.
 The Commission has put people first, recognizing that the greatest potential for change is within us, that with education and information we can mobilize the vast amounts of energy and skill which are currently wasted in the scramble for survival.
 It, nevertheless, also accepts that there are no easy solutions and that concerted action is necessary on many fronts in order to untangle the tortuous connections between, for instance, defence spending and food security, for no country can truly be said to be at peace while the violence of hunger blights the life of its citizens.
 ICPF has no hesitation in putting forward ideas that are bound to unsettle, and it should be encouraged since imagination and daring are precisely what we need at the present time.
 Its calls for a standing world army, for the recognition of full employment as a fundamental right and for the elimination of protectionist trade policies to mention but a few examples will cause some sharp intakes of breath among world leaders.
 Indeed, the report contains many ideas that merit and should stimulate further reflection.
 The situation of the countries in transition in Eastern Europe, high lighted in this report, illustrates perfectly the need for an integrated approach to development considered as a total human process.
 The Commission's report contains specific proposals in this regard as well as an overview pointing to existing domestic assets of various kinds which could help the countries concerned.
 It addresses the topic of job creation with innovative ideas on the roles of technology and trade, and emphasizes the significance of the developing countries and agricul ture in the world economy.
 Its global education programme proposal placing appropriate emphasis on the key issue of girls' and women's education is one that particularly commends itself to UNESCO, which is already actively engaged in efforts along similar lines in conjunction with its UN partners.

 to note that92m the0m overall message of this92m report0m is permeated with a combination92m of0m authority92m and0m with92m imagination0m.
-
No, no, I wasn’t tied.
 Had the thorns been poisoned?
 Was I dying now?
 I worked to calm myself.
 No, I was getting better, not worse.
 I felt a light pressure on my forehead and my eyes flew open instinctively, though I’d had no response from them all the hours I’d struggled to force them open.
 It was Ruby.
 She sighed with relief.
 “Oh, Frey.” I was suddenly surrounded and the sight made my head spin.
 I closed my eyes tight in an attempt to stop it.

er. Jasper touching me,92m not0m92m mat0m. I felt a92m light0m pressure on myself, desperately trying92m to0m92m stop0m
-
“But you’re bleeding real bad and…”
 “I have the healing potions, now go!”
 Harruq’s gut screamed against the idea, but in the end, he listened to his brother.
 He drew his swords and gave chase.
 Qurrah waited until Harruq was around the corner before taking out one of his small glass vials.
 Before he could pull the cork off the top, he heard a voice speak.
 “So many dead by your hands yet a single arrow nearly takes your life?”
 The half-orc froze, the vial clutched in his hands.
 An elf emerged from behind the building, his body decorated in a brilliant green cloak and silvery armor.
 It was the same elf who had fired the first warning shot to Antonil before the entire battle had begun.

id92m him0m by the corner92m and0m clutched him in his92m arms0m as the 92melf0m cautiously.<eop>92m The0m
-
I would later realize how poorly my mother was treated by other mothers, and how she endured many unwanted sexual advances and groping by their spouses and her employers.
 It was the sixties, and my mother was damaged goods in their eyes; she was vulnerable.
 We eventually moved out of my grandparents’ home to an apartment in Los Angeles and then to a small rental house in Burbank that backed up to a military plant.
 Barrels of who-knows-what lined the side of our back fence.
 I guess the rent is cheaper when you live next to a toxic dump!
 We had a yard for our dogs and new friends to meet and we settled into this little house.
 My brother and I still shared a room, as we always had, and we still had each other despite another change in schools and friends.
 At dinner sometimes, Mom wouldn’t eat.
 She would say she wasn’t hungry or offer some excuse.
 I would later realize that she fed us first because she was so broke she couldn’t afford to feed herself.

t92m count0m how many92m pounds0m we have saved from everything92m to0m canned soup. It92m has0m been92m like0m my life
-
Art – As you wish, it will not help you to prevail.
 Jim – Will you do the honors Liz?
 Liz – Sure, how many do we get.
 Eugene – Seven.
 Liz – Ok. (She draws her letters)  Done.
 Jim – Lemme see.
 Sweet mother of crap!
 How did you manage that?
 Liz – I don’t know.
 I think the bag was rigged.

d like a softenbus92ml0m in and it92m crush0mes.92m Eugene0m –92m Once0m92m the0m bag pushess back
-
She was up at the crack of dawn, and after she got dressed, she was tempted to go walk on the treadmill before she woke Rick.
 Walking but never moving was an interesting experience.
 But the fog might not last long, and she had to get back today.
 But this time she didn't go charging headlong through the garden.
 She'd gotten here by strolling through it thinking about Davis.
 She'd been thinking about the kiss that had hurt and horrified her.
 Would he be sorry he'd done that now that she was gone?
 Surely he'd realized he'd hurt her.
 She'd tried to push him away, and her lips had been bleeding.
 Marie frowned.

angerous - not a necessary consequence of punishment 92m-0m92m but0m since92m that0m kiss92m she0m'92md0m left her
-
“Is it true, did you take on a monster by yourself yesterday?” I sighed, shooting a look at Seth.
 “Yes it is.
 Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
 “How could you Jazell?
 You could have gotten seriously hurt.
 Plus I bet all of us want a shot at them too.” She huffed and shook her head.
 The light brown curls that framed her pretty face bounced around playfully.
 “I’m fine Emily, seriously.” Jason was silent.
 He never talked much like Emily, who was easily the most talkative, friendly person I knew.
 Jason was more of the silent, watching type, who said little but noticed much.

lly when92m his0m92m first0m reaction92m happened0m, acting out a kind of desperation. “Just out of92m friendly0m92m way0m to
-
Neither have I, probably for many reasons concerning craft, background, personality, genre and such.
 But I still have to wonder if God’s hand might play a role in my lack of whopping success.
 Maybe he knows lots of money would turn me from a rascal into a scoundrel, more self-absorbed than ever.
 I wonder if Brother Lawrence, had he become Pope, would have practiced the presence of God so well.
 He wasn’t even a priest or a monk.
 He was a lay brother.
 A cook in a monastery.
 Even if I can't let go of Zoë, I could more thoroughly rid myself of ambition.
 Maybe I should give up writing.
 Or hand over Perelandra College to someone.

92m.0m Eve. Eve.92m<eop>0m92m But0m, my convinced self knows92m,0m there more to life.92m Evil0m
-
"You like the painting then?"
 I nodded, and then shivered.
 It's amazing how a near complete loss of physical control can burn through your energy reserves.
 Alec frowned.
 "I'm sorry.
 I forget sometimes how much easier it is for you and Rachel to catch a chill.
 Let's get you inside where it's a bit more temperate."
 It seemed like such a waste, leaving the grotto after all the work that'd been put into transforming it, but Alec waved away my protests.
 He easily cradled me in one arm, while carefully picking up my painting with his free hand.
 A short time later, we were back inside the house and headed towards his room.

92m Rachel0m92m stayed0m behind our taxi, but Alec Alec92m closed0m the door and92m pushed0m her back on92m us0m, when
-
She turned off the TV and looked at him with wide eyes.
 "Do you know how many women there are who have love affairs with their husbands' brothers?"
 Rick groaned.
 "You've been watching talk shows."
 "There was one woman who was having an affair with her husband's 15-year-old brother!
 And she was 32!"
 "Don't watch that garbage.
 Those people are poor and uneducated and have no morals, and people watch that stuff to be horrified and make fun of them.
 Most people aren't like that."
 "But-but .

 Watch0m92m any0m92m 0m."92m She0m sighed and turned the TV to turn a dry spell on The92m Good0m
-
How?”
 The half-orc reached over, erased the k in his name and drew a clumsy, capitalized Q at the end.
 He leaned back and smiled.
 The name in the dirt now read ‘HarruQ’.
 “Why did you change it?” she asked.
 “It’s a rather odd spelling.”
 “Look at my brother’s name,” he said.
 Aurelia did, and then she saw what Harruq had also seen.
 “Your name is your brother’s, only backwards.”
 “Yup,” Harruq laughed.

etter92m came0m to92m A0murelia. “O.92m L0m.: stand for92m Letters0m.” “ read92m Har0m
-
He would come and sit with me, and, while we were watching over her—it was horrible, stomach cancer, and her heart was weak, I thought, shit, we’re losing her—anyway, Larry was there.
 And we wrote that song next to my mother’s hospital bed.
 Strange.
 It has nothing to do with the surroundings.
 It’s about, you know, having a dream, and building something, only to have it come to naught.
 It’s like “Castles in the Sand.”  It’s sort of a cop off that idea.
 I don’t know—Larry, he’s got this mind, it’s really a musician’s mind, you know, songwriting for him is a calling—I don’t think I have his dedication to it.
 Why I was so happy to work with him.
 And we’ve made plans to work together again.
 He’s coming out here—when was it again, Lor?

 that was? as we92m were0m92m here0m to the92m lake0m! so92m-0m then would a group, and92m we0m
-
Rodregas was not sure, but as this ethereal version of the man was pulled apart, Rodregas thought he could see him screaming.
 Rodregas pulled his eyes away from the horrifying vision as the corporal man went from looking confused and unsure to having no expression at all, like an empty piece of meat.
 Rodregas’s eyes flinched away from the terrible sight as he felt he might scream in horror and fury at what was happening.
 Then Ravenhurr yelled out, “Spirea faira podia turiana,” and the circle holding the Celestial Lion started to burn in the same blue flames, the blue flames that make up the creation forces of life that can only be called up when the Celestial Realm was close.
 Suddenly the sleeping lion looked up in surprise and started to growl and then he started to burn.
 Rodregas had seen enough of lesser versions of the ritual to expect it, but to watch it was amazing.
 The circle blazed with an intense heat that blasted his face and the magnificent creature inside blazed with blue creation fire.
 It was a sudden and violent and primal process.
 The lion started to stand up and then simply fell apart into blazing blue energy.
 That energy surged out of the circle and swirled around inside the larger outer circle.

ht back92m the0m river temple.92m Somewhere0m through92m the0m minutes, all92m the0m 92mdimensional0m forces went down to last
-
He was definitely angry at me.
 I tried to place weight on my leg but winced as pain shot up it.
 He kicked the dead Thrasher one more time before sheathing his sword.
 “You know better Jazell then to take on a monster by yourself.
 You never know what kind it is until you have already changed,” he scolded me and I could feel a lecture coming.
 I looked down at leg.
 Claw marks ran up my shin and my blue blood was soaking my pants.
 “I had to Seth; it was heading for my house.
 That made me panic a bit.” “I don’t care Jazell; if I hadn’t been here I would have found you shredded to small pieces.
 All you had to do was send me a quick text and I would have showed up to help.

92ming0m with pain.” ..92m.0m..92m.0m....92m.0m92m.0m. I
-
"I'd rather wash my car and have a pizza delivered."
 She frowned.
 "Why?"
 "Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."
 He took her hand, kissing the back of her fingers.
 "This week we've exercised, done laundry, shopped, gone to the beach, cooked, watched TV, and talked the whole time.
 Well, except when we were watching TV, and even then your questions helped me to get to know you."
 She laid her head on his shoulder, pleased but confused.
 Rick was so different from Davis.
 She wished that she could talk about him with her mother.

her grandmother.92m talk0m about Rick92m with0m her92m 0m92m.0m. him with her grandmother92m.0m<eop> "
-
Her body shook with sobs.
 Rick scooped her up and sat down with her on his lap.
 "Please don't cry, sweetheart," he pleaded, kissing her hair.
 He opened his mouth to tell her that she might not even be able to get back, since she'd been unsuccessful so far.
 But that would just hurt her more.
 Still, the thought calmed his own turbulent feelings.
 When her tears were exhausted, Marie rested quietly in Rick's arms.
 If they had been in 1927, everything would be different.
 Rick was so much warmer, so much more thoughtful and loving and fun than Davis.
 She would never have given Davis a second glance if she'd known Rick in 1927.

92m this0m92m June0m92m,0m pick92m Rick0m92m up0m in May instead.<eop> Rick drove Marie back to camp. Marie took
-
There was another ripple of movement on the other side of the light.
 Jasmin and Dom both pulled away from me, joining the other three, facing outward in preparation for the inevitable attack.
 Vincent's dark form inched slightly closer, but Brandon's growl froze his henchman in place.
 The complete stillness that resulted was suddenly shattered by a flash of heat lightning off to the east, and when the spots cleared from my vision, the two hybrids were a blur of motion.
 Merely human eyes never could've hoped to follow all of the action.
 I got the feeling Alec's technique was superior.
 He moved from spot to spot, motion to motion with the smooth economy of a tree bending before the wind, but if he was a tree, Brandon was the hurricane.
 Flare-light reflected off of deadly claws, and blood splattered the earth as Brandon drove Alec before him.
 Gashes appeared on both leaders, wetly glistening in the green light, but they were more numerous on Alec than on Brandon.
 I expected the unseen plane to mirror the fight I was so desperately trying to track with my inferior vision.

Three92m Guy0m92mTwilight0m v92mub0m Light, and Burr Connection Light moved92m side0m by side92m,0m side by foot
-
She raised her head to look at him in surprise.
 "Yeah.
 I want to make you feel like a queen."
 "Oh."
 Smiling, she laid her head on his shoulder, relishing his tight embrace.
 He was every bit as much a dream as Hollywood.
 CHAPTER NINE
 Marie awoke late Sunday morning, pulled the covers over her head, and turned away from the sun.
 She felt as if she could sleep forever.
 An hour or so later she awoke again.

0m92mmm0m, even92m better0m. Queen Queen92m feels0m like92m a0m daydream." Marie whispered her favorite
-
The door opened, and her father stared at her in shock.
 Her mother, however, jumped out of bed with a cry of joy and threw her arms around Marie.
 "Marie!
 You're all right!
 I can't believe you're all right!"
 Mr. Tranton at last recovered and wrapped his arms around both women, laying his cheek against his daughter's hair.
 He'd thought he'd been in control of his world until Marie had disappeared.
 He would have given that world to have her back.
 Marie pulled back a bit when she heard her father sniff.
 "Father, I've never seen you cry!"

2m her0m mother, face pressed on his chest, their92m laughter0m combined. Doctor Tranton shut92m the0m92m medical0m92m and0m
-
"Yeah, he thought it was somehow related to a wolf, but bigger and stronger, with claws like something out of a slasher movie.
 He was causing such a stir in St. George they finally fired him.
 They said he was sensationalizing the attack to get his fifteen minutes of fame.
 Daddy tried to get access to the bodies, to provide a second opinion even though that isn't his real area of expertise, but they blocked him cold.
 He thinks they were worried about scaring away the tourists.
 They had to make the accident go away, to save the local economy."
 My hands had gone cold despite the oppressive heat, just now hitting its full stride for the day.
 You didn't hang around the fringe without running into plenty of people who were conspiracy theorists.
 Discussing UFOs, Illuminati, and X-Files had been like air and water for some of the people I'd known back in Minneapolis.
 I'd never given their wild theories a second thought before, but what Britney was describing sounded like a pretty convincing attempt at a cover-up.

92m My0m geographical acquaintances92m lived0m92mPlease0m Boston but92m that0m aside, it92m'0ms up is run by
-
I was selling waterbeds and this new invention called a portable hot tub.
 Pete and I still drank and partied and the drugs were still around.
 Unlike most of the people I knew, I managed to be truly a recreational user with no tendencies towards addiction.
 But I am no prude, and we had our share of parties and events in Tahoe and at the waterbed store.
 When you put a bunch of twenty year olds and their friends in a retail store that has working hot tubs and waterbeds, things can quickly spiral out of control.
 We had no window coverings and our parties were in plain view of anyone who put their nose against the windows.
 It was a voyeurs’ paradise and I am sure we entertained a lot of shocked window shoppers late into the night!
 Pete proved to be a bad choice of a business partner, as his use of cocaine escalated to the point of total addiction.
 In less than a year he would snort everything he could get his hands on.
 He was stealing money from the checking account and drop-shipping inventory from our business directly to drug dealers to feed his habit.

 nose.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m our0m clients in Southern California had come92m across0m and had helped a92m young0m92maire0m become wealthy
-
I shouldn’t do it.
 I couldn’t.
 But I was.
 I was going to do it.
 And if I got caught?
 I could claim ignorance.
 The entire clan thought I was an imbecile in any case.
 Maybe I would just see how close I could get.
 Maybe just to try… And then I was there, standing in front of the Council building and walking in.
 My attempt at stealth was a poor endeavor, but no one ever seemed to pay much attention to me anyway.

scount92m store0m office clerk thought he was an imbecile,92m maybe0m92m thirteen0m92m year0m old92m and0m a half;
-
He was in the main room.
 Chevelle was there, too.
 My mouth tasted sour.
 I tried to sit up but my head spun.
 Before I’d moved an inch I was back down.
 My pulse pounded in my temples as I struggled to recall what had happened the night before.
 I hissed out a low oath when I remembered Ruby leaning toward me, blowing her glitter in my face.
 My eyes opened again to find Chevelle offering me a glass.
 I winced, unsure of what exactly I had said to him.
 I knew it was bad, but couldn’t quite piece it back together.

up to close to eternity92m?0m Bad? Ligh. Not92m her0m Greatness?92m Bad0m.92m Say0m92m terrible0m
-
“Then kill those that seek to kill me,” Qurrah said, a bit of his sleepiness leaving him.
 “Our master has given us so much.
 Power.
 Weapons.
 A purpose.
 What more could we ever ask for?”
 “Yeah, what else,” Harruq said, shifting more of his brother’s weight onto his shoulder.
 Qurrah’s eyes drooped, and it seemed sleep would steal him away before they reached town.
 Harruq found his blades without too much trouble.
 He laid Qurrah down.

s at Sedan Garden92m,0m on92m his0m92m rest0m of his students,92m I0m guess surrounded92m by0m other students talking.
-
The spirit gave Qurrah one last glare then dissipated into the fading light.
 Silence filled the room.
 “Well, what did you think?” asked Harruq.
 “I think,” Qurrah said, “that was enjoyable.”
 The two paused, each thinking the same thing.
 Finally, Harruq voiced his thoughts.
 “You think Velixar knew it when he sent us to kill him?”
 Qurrah stretched, letting out a small sigh as his back popped.
 “Yes, I do,” he said.
 “Although I don’t know why.

that92m he0m didn’92mt0m tell us his reward92m.0m” Once again,92m the0m92m was0m distracted and(please
-
It wasn't until I heard the note of longing in my voice that I realized what I was missing.
 Alec didn't have that same advantage, and I could feel him waiting expectantly.
 "Sorry, it's just that this all makes me think of these amazing dreams I've been having since I arrived.
 I'm transported to various places, but in every case I can hear and smell better than I can in real life.
 Not only that, everything is glowing.
 Only that isn't the right word for it.
 Mostly there's just light coming out of the people and the plants and animals.
 It's so beautiful.
 Funny your having more acute senses would make me think of that."
 Alec sighed.

would0m find its own way to92m all0m this."<eop> "Thank92m you0m, Gwen.92m Whatever0m92m It0m
-
Can you clear it up any?
 BG:  	I’m not even sure what the fuck you’re talking about?
 It’s about leaving Memphis, yeah, so what?
 What’s not to like?
 Who didn’t like it?
 CM:  	Um, well, let’s see, in Sum Times, the review said, “’Goodbye to the Shell’ is the kind of self-satisfied soft-rock that John Denver would be proud of.
 If Gardner hates his past so much why can’t he leave it behind?
 Why does he write, ‘Adult us, be real, don't frighten or gull us, Honest Merchant, Home, Bluff City.’?
 Buddy Gardner, Memphis don’t need you around no more.”
 BG: 	(laughs)  What horseshit.

erly92m fascinated0m when a White92m yesterday0m92m guy0m taking me 45 years to92m film0m him92m off0m, just
-
These institutions are needed to encourage, support, standardize, regulate and control development activities.
 New institutions lie behind the success of most major development achievements.
 India’s Green Revolution was as much a product of new quasi-governmental organizations created for supplying inputs, warehousing and marketing as it was of new farm technology.
 India’s dairy revolution was propelled by the rapid proliferation of producer cooperatives.
 Thirty years ago government was the only agency capable of setting up and managing activities on so massive a scale.
 Today the society is more developed and many of these functions can be handled more efficiently in the private sector.
 In either case, organization must play a central role.
 Wherever countries fail to live up to their natural potential, some institutional gap will be found that prevents new activities from taking off.
 In examining the potentials of commercial agriculture and agro-exports in India, ICPF identified critical missing links in the organization of production, transfer of technology, training, and the storage, processing, marketing and distribution of perishable commodities.
 Extension of proven systems can significantly accelerate development.

 only fair that we can help92m develop0m92m development0m actions benefit from many92m similarities0m in provision, processing,92m distribution0m92m transmission0m
-
Even the steadily rising temperatures achieved by packing more than thirty bodies into a tiny classroom with only one door wasn't sufficient to really distract me.
 I was going to suffer once again for having stumbled into somewhere I didn't want to be.
 By the time I made it into English and sat down next to Britney, my heart felt like it was going to seize up.
 Mr. Whethers walked into class a few seconds after the bell rang, took one look at his already perspiring students, and told us all to go ahead and spend the time reading rather than worrying about trying to focus on a lecture.
 It was a nice gesture, and normally I would have appreciated it, but I'd just finished Wuthering Heights, and knew that flipping the book back open wasn't going to help distract me.
 Unwilling to spend another hour in worry, I let my thoughts drift over to another, dangerous area.
 Thinking about Brandon wasn't safe anymore.
 He'd started out making my stomach knot up simply because he was so gorgeous, but lately my insides had started jumping around for other reasons.
 I wiped away the light sheen of perspiration on the back of my neck, and wished the world was simpler.
 If only I was still in Minnesota, or anywhere other than this crazy, secretive town with its ridiculous share of gorgeous boys.

e the best thing I could?92m I0m92m wanted0m92m my0m answer.92m<eop>0m Natalie walked me92m out0m of class
-
Now I really was scared, Alec was trembling slightly, and he looked like he wanted to slap me.
 While I was still trying to decide whether I should radiate smugness at having verbally bested him, or run back to the safety of the tutor room, he lunged forward and grabbed me around the shoulders.
 "I was going to offer you my protection against Cassie and Brandon, and you throw your supposed superiority in my face.
 Fine, but don't come crying back to me when the mask comes off."
 Alec abruptly released me and stalked off.
 He was moving so incredibly quickly he'd disappeared around a corner with one balled-up fist pressed against his side before I'd even started shaking in fear.
 I'd never before been that helpless.
 Had he wanted to, I had no doubt but that he could have easily snapped my neck.
 He was that strong.
 I really was trembling now.

ck92m to0m me, "92mCome0m crying back to my92m mother0m." He sighed extremely92m heavily0m while92m holding0m me
-
Even then though, it was becoming pretty clear that we couldn't have two separate packs in such close proximity.
 The need to keep the pack strong meant that even though she pretty much ran the show most of the time there was the occasional thing that I'd just refuse to back down on."
 His muscles tightened unconsciously, like maybe he was remembering past pains.
 "She'd rip me up one side and down the other but on the most important stuff I'd simply out stubborn her.
 When the dust settled usually I at least got a compromise we could both live with."
 I hugged him tighter for a second.
 "That sounds a lot like what you guys do right now, just the other way around."
 "Yeah.
 That's about the size of it.
 She's still hiding something from me, but I'm not willing to bleed her to try and get an answer, not when odds are she'll just refuse to tell me anyways."

rry you92m like0m that kind."92m His0m92m 0m92mches0mt deepened. 92m"0mJRunt.
-
There was, for a homegrown prodigy, still respect, pride, a sort of sweetly sad valediction.
 When Buddy was buried in L.A. that was the final blow.
 His parents flew out for the interment but no one else from Memphis went.
 It is said there were many celebrities there.
 I hope so.
 I hope he drew a crowd at the end, a healthy gate-count.
 Jack Nicholson was there.
 Debbie Anspach, Donald Sutherland, Larry Hagman, Candice Bergen, Dennis Hopper, Jagger, Ringo.
 Some said Dylan was there, in disguise.
 It was Dylan who was later quoted widely as saying, “Buddy could have been bigger than me.

gby and male players92m,0m92m me0m92m,0m teachers in the back. Thank92m god0m. Buddy could have92m been0m everyone,
-
He was as mellow as yellow, as smooth as California sunshine.
 And as empty as a bird’s nest in December.
 His two albums, “I Was a Child When Smaller,” and “Rain and other Distractions,” were mega-sellers.
 Buddy made it.
 He made it big.
 For a price, yes.
 Those last songs, dripping with feigned self-pity, seem apocalyptic in retrospect.
 “Allison All Gone” and “Goodbye to the Shell” especially appear to comment on Buddy’s desire to burn his bridges, leave his Memphis past behind, forget his roots.
 And, of course, then there’s “Burn my Bridges” and “Forget my Roots” off the second album.
 Even Buddy’s skillful acoustic playing can’t save those albums from their own wallowing, from their stooping to the lowest common denominator.

y posturing that 92m"0mMy92m Soul0m will never92m cave0m in" with92m another0m team spraying92m ink0m and flame
-
“I watched that wretched bully succumb to madness from the disease carried by an undead rat.
 He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”
 The man in black nodded, going over the memory in his mind.
 “Could be darker, though,” he said.
 “You need not use memories, but they are easier to project.
 Any thought can be sent to those who slumber.
 After you have practiced, we will try with images you created on your own.”
 The half-orc pulled his robes around him and looked back to the city.
 “When will we assault Woodhaven?” he asked.
 Velixar’s face was an unmoving stone.

, breath do he have92m?0m<eop> The92m stone0m92m was0m massive, sway92my0m92m from0m a swayy calm
-
Jim – Eugene has two major skills as far as I know.
 (A moment of silence)
 Johnny – What are they?
 Jim – Oh, I thought we had gone over this before.
 Johnny – Not that I recall.
 What is Gene good at?
 Jim – His two super-powers are his wondrous ability to bull-shit and the propensity not to be bothered by being completely embarrassed when he gets himself into extremely awkward and stupid situations.
 Johnny – Awkward situations?
 You mean like when he…
 Jim - …Yep, like that.

re are the peep92ms0m.92m.0m.what does that mean92m for0m you?<eop>92m<eod>0m The hope for92m transformation0m
-
We're best friends; you should totally have trusted me enough to tell me."
 Apparently I'd only thought the anger was under control.
 It frothed beneath the surface right now, anxious for a reason to bite someone's head off, and Britney was the preferred target.
 Only I needed her.
 Not enough to completely dismiss what had happened though.
 "I don't know what you're talking about, but I honestly wouldn't have told you anything I wanted kept a secret.
 Not after the way you told everyone about my panic attacks."
 Britney looked like she was having a hard time getting enough air.
 She gasped a couple more times, and then managed to get some words out.
 "I'm so sorry.

have not moved92m properly0m92m because0m I I92m feed0m your92ms0m. The words locked92m into0m her, and eventually,
-
We wandered through these aisles of incredible cherry vehicles and talked about how someday ours could be alongside these beauties.
 This project would prove to be a huge challenge that would last seven-plus years, partly because it coincided with the start of Brandon’s drug use.
 What started as a project he was very enthusiastic about became an afterthought to time with friends and partying.
 He would show up for certain monumental events like when we put the body back on the frame after it was painted, but I was pretty much on my own with it for a bit.
 My wife was a champ as “that thing” (her nick-name for it) sat in a million pieces in the garage for so long.
 Seeing Brandon heading down the wrong path, I knew only what not to do.
 I had no idea what to do.
 I remember a lesson I learned while coaching youth sports.
 “The hardest kid to coach is your own.” A true statement.
 I found myself unable to dissuade my eldest son from the dangerous road he would travel.

obey0med92m that0m. Just saw what a real person does, in92m the0m face of92m adversity0m92m.0m<eop> Must
-
I didn’t mean to interrupt.” She seemed pleased she had.
 Chevelle’s hand dropped and I could see out of the corner of my eye his face was hard.
 Ruby continued, “Steed said you had a guest so I just used the back…” She trailed off when his stare didn’t soften, but she smiled.
 “You know, you do have your own room.” He stiffened and stood, not at all amused by her implication.
 Ruby began gathering things as she spoke, pretending she hadn’t noticed his attitude.
 “So how did it go?” He relaxed a little but his mood didn’t rise in the least.
 “We shall see.” “Indeed,” she purred.
 “Indeed.” He didn’t look back at me as he left the room, simply directing Ruby to take me with her when she’d finished.
 She seemed more than happy to comply and I was in no doubt we would be training again.
 I slid the hawk sculpture into my pocket.

92m you0m to take92m him0m with92m me0m. But it isn’t easy for92m you0m to be on a92m training0m
-
Liz loves you, has for years.
 Jim – Right.
 Of course she has.
 What sort of magic pixie dust have you gotten into?
 Art – I’m completely sober Jim.
 Jim – You just told me that my best friend of many years is in love with me, and I didn’t even know it.
 Art – That sums it up fairly well.
 Jim – You have an odd sense of humor.
 Art – Yes I do have a quirky sense of humor.
 On this I’m quite serious my boy, I’ve seen the way she looks at you.

 Figure0md That She92m Used0m To Make Love92m With0m92m You0m Art 92m–0m Used to Film You Falling
-
"No, Mother's right.
 Tomorrow will be better."
 They ate lunch at 12:30, and Marie could tell that both men were feeling a little restless.
 "Why don't you two go to the office for a few hours?"
 she suggested.
 "Nothing pressing there.
 Why don't we go for a drive?"
 "We can do that after dinner.
 Really--I know you'd feel better if you checked in at the office.
 Anyway, I should probably take a nap."

wasn92m'0mt until92m morning0m before she made92m forces0m for92m a0m time to relax. 92m"0mI had
-
“Will you accompany us?” Qurrah asked.
 Velixar shook his head.
 “Bring me the head of the messenger.
 I will retrieve an elf to deliver it to the king.”
 The man in black stood and motioned to the stars.
 “Follow the left wing,” he said, his finger pointing to the constellation in the stars referred to as the raven.
 “It will not be long before you see the light of their campfire.
 Make haste.
 The battle grows closer with every move we make.”
 “Yes, master,” they echoed before beginning their trek.

he92m face0m of the long, divided Father in the land92m.0m The man in92m black0m again92m waved0m92m his0m hand
-
Rodregas was feeling pretty good at the moment, dangerously positive.
 He had learned long ago that the better you felt, the harder came the emotional fall.
 He knew this was all too good to last, but knowing that it would not last also made it more important that he enjoy the moment.
 Rodregas was free.
 He was being hunted; but hunted because he had finally dealt out justice.
 He had killed two monsters, two who wore faces not their own, and who he could feel no remorse for killing.
 Rodregas had finally escaped to his quiet place in the mountains to rest and, best of all, with two companions who seemed to be good people.
 Clearly, Doi’van had a dark side and he knew little of either of his companions.
 But it had been a long time since he had wanted to know more about anyone that he met.
 Rodregas had a new strong and powerful body, and he owed a great debt of guilt for that.

reverting back92m from0m a long day92m of0m combat yesterday. took92m a0m92m deep0m breath92ms0m from the air from his
-
He told her of Velixar and his plans.
 He told her of the strength, weapons, and armor granted to him.
 Hesitantly, he recounted killing Ahrqur and the people of Cornrows, a fresh wave of shame filling him as he thought of both.
 “What part did Ahrqur play in this?” Aurelia asked.
 “Was he enlisted by Velixar?”
 Harruq shook his head.
 “Me and Qurrah killed him, then Velixar brought him back and sent him off to the king.
 It was very much unwilling on his part.
 That guy was me and Qurrah’s dad, you know that?
 We killed our own dad, and never even knew it while we did.”

 the king92m.0m<eop> Later in the day, miraculously92m a0m92m the0m grenade dropped outside the city92m of0m92m.0m
-
He was huge, frighteningly so, but something about him drew me in.
 I wanted to be his friend for no reason I could rationalize.
 He walked to me and reached out his hand in greeting.
 As I took it in mine, a tingle ran up my arm, the fine hairs standing on end.
 Anvil smiled.
 “Apologies.
 I will try to avoid touching you.” “It’s fine, really,” I said, though I didn’t understand.
 It was like a static charge.
 Meanwhile, I had decided the thickness was a drawl.
 “I don’t know your accent.

pted to use it.92m “0m92mListen0m,” but without success. An92mvil0m92m laughed0m. Not to speak92m to0m
-
And I got my uke taken from me and a call was made to my parents.
 My mom hit the roof—she was the kind that got embarrassed by such things and that, to her, was the ultimate disgrace, to be shown up in front of other grownups.
 My mom threatened to smash my uke and Dad had to cool her down and, I think, it was later that night I got it back.
 I started right in, learning new songs.
 Thinking up new songs.
 I had this record player, you know, with the lid and the swivel arm made of plastic, and a stack of 45s, some I bought at Corondolet in a sealed stack—you know?
 Five 45s for $1, and you could only see the top one.
 And it would be something halfway tempting, some Jerry Lee or The Cascades.
 But the others were groups you’d never heard of.
 But, that didn’t matter to me.

 life0m92m life0m92m,0m just too much. I92m was0m so caught92m up0m and having new songs it almost took me
-
.
 but she was also .
 .
 .
 Sad?
 Frightened?
 Torn, definitely.
 She loved Rick.
 She wanted to marry him.
 But she wanted to go home too.

was0m in time to manage92m the0m Capt.92m Duval0m request Rick,
-
A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.
 I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
 "Please, Adriana.
 It really isn't any trouble.
 James, can you get your car, please?"
 He looked angry.
 Like maybe he was going to argue, but as he opened his mouth Rachel turned and glared at him.
 It seemed odd to see someone only a little smaller than Alec back away from someone even smaller than me.
 The image stuck with me so strongly that I considered it until Rachel came over and took my hand.

es,92m can0m92m you0m do something?" She92m spoke0m softly92m,0m but so labored92m it0m was difficult
-
Anvil smiled.
 “Apologies.
 I will try to avoid touching you.” “It’s fine, really,” I said, though I didn’t understand.
 It was like a static charge.
 Meanwhile, I had decided the thickness was a drawl.
 “I don’t know your accent.
 Where is it from?” “North Camber,” he replied.
 A snicker slipped from Steed and Anvil glanced at him before amending, “Well, that is where they cut out part of my tongue.” I recoiled, wrenching my hand from his.
 The tingle remained.
 He didn’t seem offended; he simply took a few steps backward to start his demonstration.

g Make tells92m me0m that of92m course0m92m books0m92m parts0m of my’m troubling are in92m the0m dirt
-
He had been thinking while Doi’van was being fetched and he had a question for his friend.
 “Doi’van, you were swept up quickly after you entered the Eastern Realms; you clearly have a strong physical essence and strong magical power.
 The Immortalists should not be interested in either.
 Which did they show interest in?” Rodregas asked.
 “Both really, I did not understand why they wanted me.
 I thought if you were Hellborn you were safe from the Immortalists,” Doi’van replied, “They would cut me to see how fast I would heal and do tests where they were clearly testing my physical side.
 They also seemed just as excited about my magical power, which I was surprised by.
 It was the first time I was aware that I had strong magic.” Doi’van paused then added, “They seem to think I was a great catch, and I think Taiga wanted a lot of money for me.
 The thing is, the Beast Master Taiga kept me in a distant cell.
 Though he had me for two years, he only showed me to others for sale a handful of times.” “You are suggesting that Taiga, and in turn Ravenhurr, were breaking ‘The One Law?’” asked Jordaan.

gnized that his continuing unauthorized settlement occurred.92m He0m92mga0m complained92m about0m92m his0m strong92m physical0m essence and strong magic powers
-
James let out a low, grating growl, and my stomach dropped as he looked up with eyes that weren't the unremarkable brown they'd been just a second before.
 The hot yellow eyes of a predator were looking out of James' familiar face, changing it into something threatening and inhuman.
 Answering growls from Jasmin and Jessica seemed to snap something inside of Alec.
 His tremble became more pronounced.
 There was a ripping sound, and when I looked down at his hands, they'd been replaced by the same wickedly-sharp claws I remembered from the night before.
 I must have let out a gasp, because Rachel tightened her grasp on me and moved closer.
 She might have whispered something comforting, but I couldn't hear it past the thunder of my own heartbeat.
 All three of them were moving towards us now.
 It was so inhumanly smooth and slow the motion was almost imperceptible, but I was certain they were stalking us.
 Stalking me.

em The three after we92m had0m turned got out of the92m bed0m and opened92m it0m open92m.0m Our hands92m were0m
-
“Dinner?” Junnie grinned as she reached an arm back, her cloak moving aside as she drew a bow from beneath.
 “I’ll get my own, thanks.” He nodded, a knowing smile stretched across his face.
 They turned in opposite directions, each disappearing behind the trees and rocks that strewed the mountain, as I stood alone and confused.
 I sat, shaking my head as I stared down at the bark of the tree.
 Chevelle returned quickly with two small, furred animals slung over his back.
 As his gaze reached the log that lay in front of me, it burst into an orange flame, thin branches forming a spit as he skinned and attached the animals.
 The process was so smooth, I couldn’t say exactly what had happened.
 Chevelle was changing.
 Or, more likely, he was becoming more himself.
 He wasn’t as formal.

0m call that me,”92m Jun0mnie smiled with a knowing grin92m as0m she returned,92m placing0m92m free0m hand on
-
We wanted to rejoin the teams that year.
 But until our sport came into season and we officially made the teams, we got denied privileges afforded to athletes, like assigned gym lockers.
 Since Eric still wanted to work out and wouldn’t face the world without a shower afterward, Cliff invited him to share his locker.
 Besides running the mile during track season, Cliff was second man on the cross-country team, behind Gary Hafner.
 Eric used the locker for a couple weeks before Coach Gory summoned Cliff to his office, sat him down, and asked him to explain why a new sweat suit just issued to Gary Hafner had turned up missing and gotten found in Cliff’s locker.
 Cliff maintained that he’d never even seen the sweat suit.
 “It looks like Eric stole them,” Coach said.
 “Eric doesn’t steal,” Cliff said adamantly.
 Still, when Coach Gory dropped Cliff from the cross-country and track teams, he got afflicted with anger and confusion, wondering if Eric might’ve been the thief after all.
 For a week or so, he seethed and Eric brooded, ashamed even that Cliff would suspect him.

is friends, honestly,92m why0m Gary Hafner still kept his92m sweat0m suits in his92m locker0m92ms0m and92m probably0m
-
Mom's face lost its stern 'I'm doing this for your own good' look, and instead transformed into something not very different from what I saw every time I watched the girls my age look at Brandon.
 "Well, hello.
 You're Brandon?"
 ** Fifteen minutes later, I was still trying to believe things had gone so well.
 I'd expected Mom to put her foot down and tell Brandon I'd be riding the bus to school every morning, starting today.
 Instead, she'd shaken Brandon's hand, smiled way more than usual, and hurried us out the door so we wouldn't be late for school.
 "I don't know what kind of magic you just used on my mom, but whatever it was, you should do it again.
 Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
 That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.

wesome.92m To0m her he said92m as0m he pulled out a finger over Dad'92ms0m92m as0m well92m.0m
-
But, never to be repeated.
 I think I was about 6 at the time, but that hour in front of Dick Delisi and the Syncopators is as fresh in my mind as if it happened yesterday.
 Man, my dad.
 What could he have been?
 Given different times, a different circumstance.
 He said something odd to me one time, he said: “Bud, music is a bad demon to have.
 Like hooch.
 If I could have done anything else I would have.”  And, of course, he did, I mean playing at the Vapors wasn’t bringing in enough money to support his small family, so he did books for a paint store.
 He had a business degree, was something of a math whiz, I think, and he worked in the back room of this paint store in a strip shopping center, most days.
 Sometimes my friends and I would walk up there and visit him.

by wall.92m<eop>0m The books92m never0m went up,92m he0m got this piece that92m had0m a print92m on0m it
-
If she were to die, she would die fighting any way she knew how.
 The man in black paused, extended his hands, and began to cast.
 He would give her no chance to strike.
 A blade stabbed his side.
 Velixar whirled, his speed far beyond any mortal.
 He stepped past Felewen’s slash and slammed a hand against her chest.
 Dark magic poured in.
 Her arms and legs arched backward, her sword fell from her hand, and her mouth opened in a single, aching shriek.
 Bits of darkness flared from her mouth, her eyes, and her nostrils.
 Done, Velixar shoved her smoking body back into the alley and left her to die.

 going0m to die92m,0m rumors germinated in<eop>92m Fe0mle92mwen0m pulled like a deer and wrapped92m to0m
-
"I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
 I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."
 He smiled again and I gingerly held my hand out.
 The green velvet lid swung up to reveal the most delicate necklace I'd ever seen.
 It was a thin glass heart set inside a slightly larger heart.
 "I saw it when I was in Virginia last week for business and thought of you."
 "It's beautiful.
 You shouldn't have, but thank you."
 Alec slipped it around my neck and did the clasp, his fingers lingering a fraction of an inch from my skin but he pulled them back without ever actually touching me.
 It really was beautiful; I looked back up to thank him again when a wave of weakness slid through me.

er have handed me the key to Madame92m Ard0m92mbone0ms.92m He0m wouldn't92m even0m92m even0m realized it was
-
When I turned, I caught my reflection in one of the larger mirrors, but it wasn’t me.
 No, it must be me, but unrecognizable.
 Not unrecognizable, a voice inside me whispered.
 My hair was dark and windblown.
 The bell sleeve of the long white gown hung from my still outstretched arm.
 It was the dream, alive and here.
 The pendant against my chest seemed to glow at my revelation.
 I ran.
 As I raced from the chamber, I couldn’t tell if anyone had even noticed.
 They all appeared to be staring at the speaker but, regardless, I concentrated furiously on not being followed.

92m was0m moving on a steady trajectory to the92m throbbing0m92m.0m. blow92m back0m.. blow92m backward0m. blow forward
-
The next floor housed the laboratory.
 The door was locked and he did not want to break it down until he was sure everyone had left.
 The next floor down was the main floor; He stepped out to the main hall and listened.
 He heard nothing but his stomach rumble; he was very hungry and knew that he should eat.
 He was already in the main hall; the room to the right was the kitchen.
 He stepped into the kitchen but then came to a sudden stop.
 Standing next to one of the sinks was a very old, very dirty kitchen drudge slowly peeling a potato.
 She looked up at him in surprise, and with a hint of fear.
 Rodregas raised his hand up in a peaceful motion.
 She probably had nowhere else to go.

ft of the92m kitchen0m sinks was another very old kitchen92m 0mdrudge92m slowly0m92m peel0ming a92m potato0m.
-
I love that cut, man.
 We hit some other place with that one.
 You wanna know about the ending—that last bit before the hidden loop?
 Jim and I had been talking about Sergeant Pepper’s and we wanted some kind of, what they call, lamination on the end, something like what the Beatles did with “Strawberry Fields,” you know, sort of incorporating found sounds, etc.
 So at the end of “Kim” we let Dickinson play with the limited equipment he had, and here’s some of the stuff that’s in that final few seconds of concrete dada: a piece of the Treasure House theme song (backwards), Crafty reading “The Crucible” from our school textbook, a piece of Schoenberg, a piece from The Ventures played through some car speakers, and then some street sounds Jim got by simply walking out onto Madison Avenue with a microphone.
 It’s all silly, of course, but that’s what everyone was doing.
 Psychedelia, you know.
 Silly shit.
 But, liberating in a way.
 I wish I could get that world-weary sound into every one of my songs.

92m pm0m Dave partner92m asks0m: Jim, Mom,92m are0m you starting to92m feel0m restless92m and0m restless and
-
Some of the words she used weren’t very magical, at best they could have been described as explicit.
 I wasn’t even aware that she new some of those words.
 I must say some of the combinations she used were quite imaginative.
 Karen – Were they?
 I think I’d like to hear them then, too bad you can’t get away with calling that art.
 Art – Why couldn’t you?
 Karen – The censors would have a conniption.
 Then all to them all the parental groups tearing their hair out and protesting.
 It would be pure chaos.
 Art - Some people say that there isn’t any such thing as bad publicity.

 0m92m 0m92m She0mar. ;92m Karen0m – This is your debate. 92m;0m Kyle –
-
He had not even heard them fighting, and yet they had killed a Dire Bear while Rodregas and the others slept!
 The good news was that they both seemed very full, and if anything, had a sleepy look to them.
 Rodregas guessed that he had awakened them from a nap.
 Rodregas had to remind himself that he needed to develop an understanding with the lionesses.
 Predators like them worked on a very simple alpha relationship; the strong ruled.
 They were Dire beasts, but he was the equivalent of a Celestial Beast.
 He was alpha; pound for pound Rodregas would be stronger and quicker than even these two beasts.
 Of course, each animal seemed to weigh almost twice as much as he did.
 Still, Rodregas knew with sudden clarity that he needed to establish himself as the one in charge.
 If he did not establish his leadership, the next time the Dire Cats were hungry they would try eating one of his party, or at least one of the horses.

e back92m and0m forth92m for0m92m the0m crown and would sometimes try to conquer the92m people0m92m.0m Rodregas was
-
And she had in between all these great prints, torn newspapers, headlines juxtaposed against this great art, you know?
 And her own drawings, little line drawings of dwarves and headless figures and skulls and djinns.
 And poems, typed and tacked to the wall.
 I remember one, in particular, an Aztec poem, and it began, “Rejoice, rejoice, my flower king, you own many jewels—“ and I thought, wow, that’s for me, man.
 It was an egotistical reaction, I know.
 Where “Flower King” comes from.
 And there were these little altars she had constructed, with tiny clay figures and candles.
 And the floor—what there was of it (laughs)—like I say, was awash in album covers and books.
 Books stacked in these tottering towers.
 Names I’d never heard of, at that time: Kis, Malcolm Lowry, Svevo, Madame Blavatsky, Fludd, Dee, Goncharov, Bruno Schulz, Philip Wylie, Whatsername Yates, Blake, Maturin, Borges, Marie-Louise von Franz,  a book called History of Secret Societies, one, I think called On the conjuring of angels.

e92m there0m was the of92ms0mtard, a mystical92m vision0m and a summon92mer0m, an impersonal92m cliche0m
-
While our warriors are not as renown as some of the other races, we have several who are worthy of such armor and such gear is critical for our own survival.” Imeralda could see both men’s renewed rage at Jordaan’s words.
 She knew she should calm them down, but her first thought was how stupid men could be, men of all races.
 Sure it would have been great for them to get their better quality armor, but they were only alive because of her.
 She was the one who had to come back and shoot the final guards.
 She was the one who had to come back.
 She shot the final guards with the Black Yew bows.
 She was no warrior but had gone back with only a few arrows and rescued them.
 She had patched them up, rounded up the rescued slaves and sought a refuge.
 “Are you insane?” she asked them in a voice that was as cold as her anger.
 Imeralda, her voice dripping scorn, added, “It was only because one of the slaves had family at the local village that we were able to find this refuge.

s not come after92m by0m92m.0m92m 0ms’Arc92m and0m being far as the Lord I92mam0m here
-
Again the short, reluctant nod.
 I had so many questions I still wanted answered, but it didn't seem fair to get Isaac in any more trouble than he was already in.
 "Will you be okay?
 I mean with Alec.
 He's not going to torture you or anything for telling me, is he?"
 Isaac's smile somehow completed his face.
 Funny how I'd never thought there was anything wrong with it before, but after finally being rewarded with something more than his normal, serious countenance, I had the first hint why he was one of Rachel's favorites among the pack.
 "It's likely I'll be exceedingly sore for the next few days, and my ego, such as it is, will likely take quite the beating, but our Kir'shan, our Alpha as you would say, isn't a bad sort."
 That was a relief.
 It also meant I knew exactly what I was going to do when I saw Alec next.

aac?92m that0m hug was One92m hell0m of a92m kind0m.<eop><eod>92m If0m92m last0m true home was a shelter in
-
Her mouth fell open.
 "You're betrothed?"
 "No, not yet.
 Carolyn and I are very serious, but I just couldn't think about proposing to her while you were still missing.
 But now .
 .
 .
 well, Mother has told me she's ready to give me the ring the moment I ask."
 Mrs. Tranton smiled.
 "My son proposing with the family diamond and my daughter getting married in the family wedding gown.

h?92m"0m "She92m will0m not marry daughter very soon92m,0m92m"0m Mrs. Tranton said92m.0m
-
I guess they were accustomed to dealing with strung out drug addicts.
 I was still completely disappointed and I told them so.
 I just wanted this over and I had every expectation that it would be finished tonight and I could get on with my life and my son could get on with rehab and hopefully get healthy.
 Once I was un-wired I was able to call my wife who was a sobbing mess.
 Not hearing from me and the uncertainty of the night had taken its toll on her and my son.
 I headed home defeated and unsure if I would ever get the opportunity to complete the task that would free my son from a three to five year prison term.
 I was mentally exhausted and I didn’t know what my next move would be.
 All I knew is that the officers told me that if Ashley contacted me, I was to put her off until next week because they couldn’t put a crew together until the following Tuesday.
 Not only did I need to put humpty dumpty (the drug deal) back together again, I had to do it on a specific day at a specific time and in a county that the dealers clearly didn’t want anything to do with.
 It seemed to be an impossible set of circumstances which would need to simultaneously occur to accomplish my task, and oh yeah, I needed to do it without getting shot.

 minutes after the called, Ashley92m mentioned0m92m me0m she only92m had0m three months92m to0m accomplish this92m and0m I needed
-
She put her arms around him.
 He smiled down into her face, which was now tantalizingly close to his.
 He quickly pressed his cheek to her hair, tightening his arms for just a moment before releasing her.
 "Come on--let's go see what else we can find."
 He took her to a drugstore, handing her a 20-dollar bill and wandering off when he realized that there were some toiletries she needed but was too embarrassed to pick up while he was watching.
 When she was done, he took her to a jewelry store, thinking she might like that, but there was jewelry in 1927.
 She was much more interested in the electronic gadgets next door, and she spent ten minutes exclaiming over the effects of a blacklight.
 When he bought her one, her face came alive with delight.
 "It'll make your rug glow!"
 "Just what I always wanted: fluorescent purple carpet."

he92m tee0mtering old woman.<eop> It92m was0m not long92m before0m the92m money0m92m will0m help support our old
-
There was no need for him to know it was to research someone associated with the Council.
 Someone like him.
 I tried to respond to his greeting, but felt choked and instead only nodded back, my mouth tight as I endeavored to grin with a now clenched jaw.
 I groaned internally, keeping on the path, not daring to look back in case he was behind me.
 I was convinced he was.
 He wouldn’t be taking the back way to Junnie’s as I had come, and he wouldn’t be leaving the village without a pack; he was likely going to a Council meeting.
 Yes, he was certainly right behind me, following me into town.
 Somehow I made it to the library without tripping or looking back, though I was nearly overcome with the temptation to turn at the door to see him one more time.
 The library steps curled around the interior of the tree, shelves cut into every space above and below, tables and racks and patrons scattered about the remaining areas.
 I found a dark, empty corner on the third level and relaxed onto a seat, leaning against the inside wall of the old tree and taking in the scent of ancient paper and binding.

m was0m why I had called out92m the0m old92m angel0m by spines92m to0m rub bug-haven blades in92m the0m
-
Unfortunately, it was another elven body, curiously missing its left arm and leg.
 An enormous half-orc in black armor followed, soaked in blood and roaring in mindless fury.
 He spotted Antonil’s attacker, screamed an incomprehensible challenge, and then charged.
 The elf fired another arrow but was horrified to see it sail high.
 Behind him, Antonil delivered another kick, this time aiming for the elf’s knee instead of his bow.
 The elf had to dodge the kick, and that dodge was all it took.
 The half-orc swung his glowing black blades, cutting his bow, and his body, in twain.
 As the blood poured free, he roared, looked about, and then ran off toward the sound of combat.
 A frail form in rags followed from inside the house, a mirror image in looks but for the paler skin and lack of muscle.
 “You saw nothing,” this second half-orc said to him before following the warrior.

92m gone0m 792m cm0m by 892m inches0m, and arms had bulgeed92m.0m92m.0m He moved slowlyly until Anton
-
Brandon had at one time been moving thousands of these tiny green prescription pain pills through California, making nighttime drives to Los Angeles and back to buy huge quantities to supply the Sacramento area.
 They were charging him with three felonies and he was facing five plus years in prison.
 Faced with the charges, Brandon waved his attorney rights and talked too much— a strung out drug addict who just got popped.
 The interrogation lasted nearly twenty hours; although, to Brandon, it felt like three days.
 Faced with the abundance of evidence and the thought of five years in prison, Brandon broke and agreed to bust a dealer named Steve.
 The interesting thing about Steve was that much of the information the officers had on Brandon was from Steve.
 It’s quite a tangled web.
 Steve had been busted some time ago and released when he agreed to work with the narcotics division of the police department.
 Steve’s bust was kept a secret so he could fold back into the drug world unnoticed and collect information on drug dealers like my son and share that information with the officers so they could set up these dealers.
 Steve was tasked with introducing undercover officers into the inner circle that would eventually lead to a bust that appeared to be far removed from the original contact with Steve.

eve located92m Steve0m92m dealer0m who heads92m up0m more of92m the0m drugs that the officers92m swallow0m. Brandon did not keep his
-
“Frey.” A husky voice woke me.
 It must have been early dawn.
 The faint light revealed worry on Chevelle’s face as he stood over me.
 A look of fear and sympathy.
 The memory smashed into my chest like a thousand-pound ram, stealing my breath.
 “You,” I hissed.
 He backed away as I sat up and glared at him with fire in my eyes.
 “You.
 You held me back as my mother died.
 You held me and made me watch her die.” I could almost taste the acid in my voice.

p>0m He up,92m speaking0m in my head92m.0m92m “0mYour mother is dead.”92m I0m looked back into
-
Mrs. Sorenson was just as nasty as she'd been every day this week, but I didn't care when she managed to stump me on her second question.
 I found myself subconsciously comparing Heathcliff with Brandon during English, and Mr. Whethers had to ask me a question at least twice before I realized he was talking to me.
 I hardly even blushed at the inevitable giggles.
 I made a mental note to find out from Britney if I'd caught his question on the second or third repetition, but I rather suspected I'd forget.
 In fact, when class finally got out I remembered my question, but just didn't feel like asking.
 Instead, I just wanted to get away from her and the never-ending gossip.
 I waited until she stopped to talk to one of the cheerleaders about who was dating who, and then mumbled something about the bathroom, and made a break for it.
 Not wanting to out-and-out lie, I ducked into the nearest restroom.
 It was empty except for a mousy brunette I'd only seen a couple of times before.
 I smiled and started to open my mouth to say hi, but thought better of it.

2m"0m To Ashley never92m meant0m for Ashley,92m I0m stood there staring92m for0m several seconds92m,0m with my arms folded
-
Your automobile?"
 "Sure.
 Would you like that?"
 "I'd love it!"
 She almost choked on her Slurpee, the first she'd ever had.
 "Where can I drive to?"
 "From one end of the parking lot to the other."
 "A parking lot?"
 "I'll take you to a big, empty parking lot somewhere and let you get the feel of it.
 When you feel comfortable, I might let you drive around some quiet neighborhoods, but you need to study the rules of the road so you can get a license.

n92m you0m ask, I'll drive92m you0m92m to0m the other92m end0m of92m the0m parking lot.
-
My grandpa.
 My great grandma.
 My other grandpa.
 Uncle Charlie.
 My dad.
 Uncle Eddie.
 Aunt Mary.
 Uncle Fenton.
 My other grandma.
 And three high school friends including my best friend Eric.

ing92m-0m92ma0m from an extended family also including my best friend Eric92m.0m And92m my0m new 92mMommy0m Sarah and
-
Burn.
 I was standing now, walking step for step toward him as he backed away.
 He said nothing, his face calm as the fire flared and I raised my hands to strike.
 And then everything went black.
 That was when I heard the chanting.
 My ears had been roaring with anger, but all that was left was a soft recitation.
 “Gian Zet Foria.
 Gian Zet Foria.
 Gian Zet Foria.” Junnie.
 Junnie was chanting something.

0m -"You92m as0mshole like a little brother.92m"0m92m Now0m, the92m way0m to
-
"According to my father, we shape shifters were created specifically for the purpose of not being selfish, of watching out for the dayborn even at the expense of our own desires."
 "You miss your dad.
 I can tell it in your voice."
 His shrug would've been imperceptible except for the fact his arms were still wrapped around me.
 "I do.
 I don't really remember him, but I've read through his journals dozens of times.
 It seems crazy to miss what you never knew, but there are days when I really wish he were still around to give me advice.
 I think that's what I missed the most.
 That and his stories."
 I smiled.

hate sounds like my92m mother0m92m talk0m? My92m stories0m often about92m an0m accountant traveling by down92m river0m feeding
-
For instance, increasing trade with East Asia and with low-wage developing countries is cited as a major cause of the fall in the wages of unskilled workers in the United States.
 As in the case of technology, there is evidence that free trade destroys jobs in some industries, especially unskilled or low-skilled jobs in high-wage economies.
 In some instances the devastating impact of increasing imports may justify a gradual approach to removing trade barriers.
 However, the overall impact of manufactured exports from developing countries has been vastly exaggerated.
 Exports by the Newly Industrializing Economies to the United States have risen from 1.1 to 2.1 per cent of US GNP over the past decade.
 America’s share of trade with low-wage countries represents only 3 per cent of GDP, compared to 2 per cent in 1960.
 For the OECD as a whole, imports from low-wage countries represent only 1.5 per cent of total expenditure on goods and services.
 On the other hand, there is irrefutable evidence that expanding international trade creates large numbers of jobs, even in high-wage economies.
 The real issue, therefore, is whether the overall balance favours net job creation or net job destruction for each nation and for the global economy.
 On this issue the evidence is clear.

 they92m don0m’t.92m<eop>0m<eod> public affairs expert X-Ta92mi0m92m.0m We are operating92m a0m Manhattan Secret
-
He guessed at least ten.
 Soft clacking sounds of bone, swinging metal, and crushed grass erased the silence of the night.
 Dieredon’s heart resumed.
 His breathing continued, slow and steady.
 He fought down a laugh, despite all his training.
 As dire as his situation seemed, he could honestly say he had been in worse shape before and survived.
 Three times, even.
 Then his ears heard what he had feared: something walking directly behind him.
 The others might not see him, but seeing wouldn’t be necessary if one stumbled directly atop his prone body.
 His good hand fingered the bow pinned beneath him.

s long as92m two0m of92m these0m people have access to having92m that0m bow pinned beneath them firmly92m.0m<eop>92m Die0m
-
It all fit together though.
 Jasmin had told him I'd overheard her death threats, and he'd decided to use his good looks to convince me to keep quiet.
 Only he hadn't been able to keep the act up for more than just a few seconds.
 I must really repulse him.
 Physics was my own little personal hell for the next forty minutes.
 I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
 I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.
 He was out of his seat and halfway to the door by the time I'd even realized the bell had rung to dismiss us.
 Spanish was both better and worse.
 Better because without Alec sitting six feet away from me I was able to think about something other than him, worse because we had a pop quiz and I barely placed in the A- range despite having spent a fair amount of time on my vocabulary.

m,0m" I mumbled as92m Alec0m elected92m to0m92m carry0m me yet back92m toward0m the general admission door. We
-
They are probably going to stop at Stallion’s Perch.” After much debate between the three of them Stallion’s Perch was their destination, a small keep that was known to breed Dire horses for the Immortal Guard.
 “We can’t,” responded Imeralda with a whisper.
 “They are traveling with a patrol of Immortal guards.
 I think there are only four, but scout patrols often have a warrior with a minor sigil of enhanced senses.
 He might spot us.” As she spoke Rodregas noticed that Imeralda had a strange expression on her face, she was scared, but also seemed sad.
 “What kind of slaves do they have?” Rodregas asked in a gentle voice.
 Her body jerked more directly toward him, surprise covering her sad expression for a second.
 “Mixed, of course, human, AElfin.
 But, Rodregas, they have Forest and Earth Nymphs and several are children.
 I was raised among AElfin, but these are my people.

92m good0m92m A0mElfin friend92m.0m But my only concerns92m were0m separate from own family. My wish was92m to0m
-
His house was filled with booze and drugs of all types.
 Cocaine was the most popular, that, and pot; but magic mushrooms and acid were also available.
 It was the late seventies, after all.
 We were also surrounded by some pretty tough guys and nobody really messed with us.
 After years of sparring with a two hundred pound Greek, I was pretty tough myself.
 We would host evening boxing matches in the living room of the house I rented with my friends.
 We had no furniture in that room.
 A boxing match would start with one person calling out another person to fight.
 You could decline but you would endure the collective shaming of the crowd.
 Several sets of boxing gloves were available and once both fighters had their gloves on, the games would begin.

y assigned a jump rope92m,0m they92m would0m92m use0m this92m double0m rope of shunting as cuff92ms0m and strips
-
With the assistance of the UN's World Development Force, proposed in this report, food shortages have been eliminated from the last famine danger zones in Africa, and total food production on that continent has doubled within a decade.
 Poverty is its direct forms has been eradicated in China and India by strategies that have led to the creation of hundreds of millions of new jobs.
 Rapid economic growth in developing countries has acted as a powerful engine for vigorous expansion among the industrialized nations.
 In partial fulfilment of their common commitment to generate Full Employment Economies, the member states of the OECD have announced that unemployment in industrialized countries has dropped to the lowest level in half a century.
 Most of the nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia have achieved a significant measure of political and economic stability combined with unexpectedly high growth rates ranging from 5 to 10 per cent.
 This region has emerged as an important source of trade and economic growth for the industrial nations.
 Global expenditure on education and training as a percentage of GDP has doubled during the decade.
 One remarkable result has been the complete eradication of illiteracy and universal enrolment in primary education.
 Scientists report that the ozone layer is being restored to pre-1970 levels far more rapidly than had been anticipated.
 This has been aided by a worldwide rush to renewable energy power generation led by such regions as California, which now produces 10,000 megawatts of electricity from wind power and has mandated an increase in pollution-free motor vehicles from the present level of 5 per cent to 25 per cent by 2010.

m United0m92m sector0m, death has surpassed the Chernobyl92m death0m toll since 198292m.0m Workers92m are0m subject to urgent safety studies
-
As unlikely as that is, I don't want to survive and then find I've poisoned you against me.
 I won't stop you."
 I felt things I hadn't realized were knotted up relax inside me.
 When my voice finally came out it was smaller than normal.
 "Thank you."
 Alec shrugged and gave me another smile.
 "You must have driven your parents crazy with that refusal to back down."
 "I suppose I might have frustrated them a time or two."
 "And to think Rachel says I'm stubborn."
 I started to smile, but stopped as he cocked his head to the side in what was unmistakably a listening posture.

 92m"0mWell I have to live there. I told92m them0m I92m was0m a refugee92m out0m there92m but0m I
-
When Celestia cursed his kind, they shared his curse.” Velixar smiled at Harruq, his eyes gleaming.
 “Long have I waited for someone to wield these blades.
 An elf crafted and used them in battle, an elf cursed into an orc.
 These swords can only be held by one who has the blood of both inside him.” Velixar held the hilts out to Harruq, who drew one from its sheath.
 The sword’s blade was deep black and wreathed in a soft red glow.
 He weaved it through the air, his mouth agape at the ease in which it glided.
 “They are not as long as your previous weapons,” Velixar said, “but you will adjust.
 These blades will make you faster and more skillful than ever before.
 Forget everything you know about yourself, and know only that you are unstoppable.”
 Harruq took the other sword and held both in his hands.

t92m was0m enough.92m It0m will be up to you92m to0m92m choose0m92m,0m whether you are ready or not.
-
He slammed his fist into the orc’s stomach, followed by a brutal kick to the groin.
 Harruq rammed his elbows into the orc’s face, baring his teeth in a feral grin as he felt cartilage crunch.
 Staggering back, the orc dropped one of his swords and clutched his face.
 “His sword,” Qurrah shouted loud as he could.
 “Take it, brother!”
 Harruq obeyed without thought.
 He dropped to his knees, grabbed the sword, and rolled forward.
 Steel smacked where he had been.
 Now on his back, Harruq tossed the sword in front of himself, clutching the hilt with both hands.
 The orc smashed his own blade downward, and as they connected, Harruq did not feel fear or the strain of his muscles.

 can these have92m produced0m such92m possibilities0m92m to0m be for,92m Har0mruq was all death92m.0m He had
-
An additional 260 million people will enter the workforce during the 1990s.
 Employment in the East Asian economies is projected to grow by 37 per cent between 1990 and 2000, while the labour force will increase by only 17 per cent, leading to an increasing shortage of labour in the region.
 In contrast, employment growth is projected to lag behind labour force growth in South Asia, Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa.
 Although job growth has once again started in many OECD countries, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to bring down unemployment rates significantly, especially among youth and the long-term unemployed.
 Changes in values, attitudes, structures and policies will be necessary.
 Unless concerted action steps are taken, global unemployment will increase by 130 million during the 1990s.
 Our thesis is that there is a great deal that can be done to prevent this outcome and even reverse the trend, leading to sharply reduced levels of unemployment and progressive eradication of poverty over the next decade.
 How can we make such an optimistic prognosis in the face of the rising number of unemployed and rising concern of governments everywhere?
 Before presenting our case, it is necessary to challenge several basic concepts about job creation and unemployment.
 Destroying Myths about Job Destruction

h job creation and not Social mod life.92m Job0m creation92m requires0m92m with0m92m and0m92m question0m of money and
-
He’s an office supply heir.
 Anyway, he’s teaching me dobro.
 It’s a discipline, like any other.
 I love the dobro but, never, never would I claim to be master of it.
 CM:  	I’ve got a review here of Rain and Other Distractions.
 BG: (	laughs, garbled comment)
 CM:  	“Gardner seems content,” it says, “to wallow in the worst kind of self-pitying schmaltz, the kind of thing that Lennon kept McCartney away from, or Simon from Garfunkel.
 This album represents something sad about 60s rock—the road we thought led to the New Eden, instead led us back to Vegas, with a fat Elvis and a Rat Pack of self-congratulating back-slappers.
 This is James Taylor instead of St. James Infirmary.
 James Taylor, as if he’d forgotten how to play “Steamroller.” It’s lounge rock”

Hmm92m.0m.. Take this.92m 0m92m sound0m. The92m Rain0m Song92m isn0m’t the
-
The tribal nations of central Africa struggle at great cost to transform themselves into modern states.
 Even within the prosperous West, the speed and extent of progress is uneven, leading to the emergence of ‘developing countries’ within developed nations, of poverty-stricken families in inner cities with rates of chronic unemployment as high as 50 per cent or more.
 Nothing is of greater value to humanity’s quest for progress than an understanding of the development process and the means for consciously directing it more effectively.
 The tremendous economic achievements of Japan during the post-war period, followed during the last two decades by other East Asian economic powers and most recently by China, suggest that the time required for transition can be substantially abridged and the fruits of development achieved much sooner than has been accomplished by nations in the past.
 The rising expectations of people around the globe and the potential risks of failing to heed their call have added a greater sense of urgency to the quest for this knowledge.
 Eastern Europe
 The challenges posed by extremely rapid transition are nowhere more graphically depicted than in the current transition of the countries of Eastern Europe after the collapse of the Berlin Wall, the end of the Cold War and the break-up of the USSR.
 Although this transition is often described in political and economic terms, it is far broader and deeper in its implications.
 These nations are in the midst of a simultaneous multi-dimensional transformation – politically, from authoritarian to democratic forms of government; economically, from a centrally planned command system to free market economies; industrially, from defence-oriented to consumer-oriented production; administratively, from highly centralized to decentralized systems; structurally, from state ownership of property to multiple forms of ownership in all spheres; socially, from closed and isolated to open and internationally integrated societies; culturally, from almost exclusive emphasis on values of equity and collective security to strong emphasis on the values of freedom and individual responsibility.
 The transformation of Eastern Europe and the former USSR is of vital concern to all of us.

n92m activism0m and development and the field92m of0m social engineering is the tendency92m to0m92m link0m the two categories simultaneously92m;0m the
-
“You have done much for me without question, without pause.
 This is different.
 Velixar has given us the power and privilege to do what we were always meant to do.
 I need you to embrace this.
 Velixar’s reason is the only reason we need, that we will ever need.
 It is in our blood, our orcish blood, and that is a weight even your muscles cannot hold back.
 We are killers, murderers, butchers, now granted purpose within that.
 That is our fate.
 That is our reason.
 Do you understand?”

tor Til our not. This is our92m reason0m92m,0m92m we0m92m speak0m of it in acceptor.92m This0m
-
“Why does everything always happen to me?” I complained.
 No one heard me.
 The ugly creatures continued tugging at me like annoying two year old, which made me get really annoyed.
 “Get off me ugly looking toad dwarfs.
 Hey, that’s what I’ll call you, toad dwarfs.” I smiled at my quick thinking.
 I could be clever sometimes.
 Take that Seth.
 “Silly girl, we’re already called toad dwarfs.” The one on my leg croaked.
 “Aw darn, never mind then.” So much for being clever.
 The one on my back grabbed my hair.

m like0m it was92m like0m one count inside of92m me0m. The pulls pushed me92m hard0m and violently quickly.92m I0m
-
“I know the way,” Qurrah said, his eyes lingering on the whip curled about his right arm.
 “Their nightmares are crying out to me.
 You have prepared them, haven’t you master?”
 The man in black nodded.
 “They know death is coming.
 So go.”
 Qurrah bowed once more and then began walking west.
 Harruq followed.
 As the two left his sight Velixar broke out in hysterical laughter.
 “Yes, I do believe the time has come,” the man said to his master.

2m all0m92m three0m fine92m fire0mmen and them going over92m the0m fires till the92m evening0m. ani saw all this
-
And I knew.
 I knew.
 No adult, no matter how many years older than me, could tell me I was wrong.
 I knew I was very much in love with Eric.
 I thought of marriage, and that was when I saw what Eric was.
 He was the wind.
 You can't tie the wind up and put it in a house and make it love you.
 How I wanted to be with him until we were so old and fragile that I would have broken had he put his arm around me.
 "Even though I never had that, we had something much finer.
 We went to the beach many times and talked until we were too hoarse to say anything.

s, it92m just0m isn'92mt0m right. that.92m"0m92m<eod>0m "My love, now92m that0m
-
Unwilling to spend another hour in worry, I let my thoughts drift over to another, dangerous area.
 Thinking about Brandon wasn't safe anymore.
 He'd started out making my stomach knot up simply because he was so gorgeous, but lately my insides had started jumping around for other reasons.
 I wiped away the light sheen of perspiration on the back of my neck, and wished the world was simpler.
 If only I was still in Minnesota, or anywhere other than this crazy, secretive town with its ridiculous share of gorgeous boys.
 Boys who didn't behave much at all like any other popular kids I'd ever known.
 Alec hated me, Brandon stopped by to give me a ride to school every day, and neither of them should have even realized I was alive.
 If I couldn't be at home, couldn't the universe have at least arranged for me to get involved with a nice, normal, uncomplicated, plain-looking boy, or barring that to remain safely uninterested in boys altogether?
 At the very least, someone out there should have managed to keep the air conditioning working.
 By the time English ended, I felt worse, albeit for different reasons than earlier in Biology.

rave enough to explain my feelings92m to0m friends-92m Alec0m and Olivehave92m all0m agreed92m that0m92m this0m manifestly
-
I cannot see into the Infernal or Elemental Realms, and I think you have entered both.
 I do not know what this means.” The two continued through the grass for a few moments in silence.
 The Great Lion did not understand the Goddess’ questions or concerns.
 But he understood his own power, which in its way was as great as any god’s.
 He growled, “Do you wish me to hunt, to fight?
 Is our pride in danger?” Blodeuwedd nodded, “Yes and yes and yes.
 In their great quest for power, The Immortalist Taiga and his followers, such as that vermin Van’dret, must all be stopped.
 They do not understand that if they upset the balance that the final battle between Infernal and Celestial could destroy all.” She paused and then added in a voice that he almost thought he sensed fear in, “I think the sword Caledfwlch must be found.
 The other gods won’t like it.
 They might even oppose finding it, but it might be our only hope.” The great head nodded, and the Goddess stepped away and was gone, but the roar that followed could be heard across the grasslands and into the forest and to the peaks of the mountains beyond.

plendid92m Ancient0m Temple Ziition. It92m was0m famed for the92m great0m san92mct0m92m ritual0m, where the
-
Nothing.
 Greg:  I thought it was cute.
 Hey, do you want to go out some time?
 Cindy: What?
 Greg: I mean I already have your phone number.
 Cindy:  That’s it I can’t work under these conditions.
 Storms off the stage.
 Greg:  Shall I call you later?
 Greg shrugs and exits the stage
 Cindy is standing in her spot, Greg enters limping,  wearing a torn up and abused bunny suit.

0m come quick92m and0m clean can assure92m you0m that your92m next0m shuttle pick92m up0m will be no problem.
-
But with beasts like that, you are either in charge or you are game.
 I think that he probably did the right thing.
 No way to know for sure, but they did not rip him apart, so we will say he was very brave and not very stupid.” Then he added, “Of course, if you had asked me before hand, I would have said that taking food from a Dire Cat was a very stupid idea.” He finished with a smile full of sharp teeth almost a match for the lions and in a casual movement lowered his horned head in what Rodregas thought might be his equivalent of a shrug.
 The next morning they repeated the Morning Prayer and meditation ritual.
 This time while Doi’van joined in, Imeralda mostly watched.
 Afterwards Rodregas said to both, “I have been thinking that we are probably going to be here a few weeks while I finish healing up from the knife wound.
 I want to make the most of the time.” Doi’van said, “I have a feeling that you have some sort of training in mind.” Rodregas nodded and said, “I have developed some bad habits the last few years; I know my technique is rusty and now my timing is all off with my new body.
 I am not sure what your training backgrounds are, though.” He said, waving at Imeralda, who often of late was holding her Black Yew bow close with an intimacy that spoke more of a caress than holding a weapon, “Clearly, Imeralda likes the bow.” Rodregas continued, “Even though Imeralda plans to stay out of the middle of things, learning some basic hand-to-hand and sword fighting is a good idea.
 Doi’van and I can spar with each other, which will help us get used to fighting against the sigil warriors of The Immortal Guard.
 So, I think we should practice every morning until noon, then work to try to get the farm cleaned up during the rest of the day.

ay92m,0m after resting before92m night0m.”92m<eop>0m<eod>92m To0m brush his thumb over the shimmering92m leaves0m, the
-
His eyes jerked back to Ravenhurr, as the sorcerer made a jerking motion, rising up from his sky tube.
 “Now,” he said and quickly repeated in his deep but smooth voice, “NOW!” Captain Poir, the leader of Ravenhurr’s guards, had stepped out of the shadows and approached the prisoners, but Rodregas stepped forward first and grabbed the half AElf maiden’s arm.
 With a quick twist of the key he removed her iron shackles but grabbed her arm hard so she could not run.
 “This way,” Rodregas said to her.
 As he separated her from the male prisoner he whispered to her, “If you want to live, don’t do anything until your circle starts to burn, then I will throw the club at the other guard.
 Run and make sure you get out of the circle.” She jerked towards him as he spoke and Rodregas was struck once again by the beauty of her amazing eyes, but he forced her forward hoping that she could think on her feet.
 Rodregas carefully led her over the outer white circle and into a yellow circle that was across from the Celestial Lion.
 Captain Poir led the man into the pale green circle that was the closest to being in the exact middle and was most strongly interconnected to the other circles.
 As Rodregas crossed into the main circle, the sense of power almost made him stumble.
 He knew his own power was minimal, not much above average, but his few years of training as a boy had opened him up to magic more than the other three guards on the tower roof.

uck Rod92mre0mgas92m and0m sent him on leaps and feet, ground against92m walls0m92m and0m strange fire,92m and0m
-
The smile gracing his breathtaking face was like the ultimate treat.
 "Oh, I was helping out with the new set for the theater class' production of Arsenic and Old Lace."
 I was suddenly glad Britney had abandoned me.
 If it resulted in me seeing Brandon again today it couldn't be all bad.
 In fact, my life felt pretty much perfect right now.
 Wait, not quite.
 If he'd greeted me with a hug in addition to the smile, then things would have been perfect.
 I felt myself blushing almost as soon as the thought crossed my mind.
 My family wasn't...hadn't been demonstrative.
 I wouldn't know what to do if he hugged me.

92m okay0m?" he92m asked0m.92m 0m"92mYeah0m, yeah." More likely than92m not0m,
-
He squeezed her hands.
 "And then you walked into my garden.
 We spent time together, got to know each other .
 .
 .
 fell in love."
 He raised first one hand and then the other to his lips.
 "I want to spend my life with you, Marie.
 I understand about your wanting to go home.
 But when you go home, you'll have your family and friends and the excitement of being back, while all I'll have is an empty space where you used to be."

ches92m.0m<eop> "I don'92mt0m have any92m idea0m92m what0m you want to92m do0m next, but.
-
I picked up one of the soaps and washed quickly, then pulled the water from the tub to rinse the suds away.
 I’d not had much opportunity to practice with water; I added it to the list of things to work on.
 It had been a long journey, and the bath was refreshing.
 The soap left a light fragrance in the air, smelling like morning and cold, and I wondered if the fairy dust was still affecting me.
 I dried off and dressed in the clothes Ruby had put out for me.
 They were a little snug, but not enough to have been her castoffs.
 The room had its own full-length mirror and I giggled at my reflection.
 It was certainly not an outfit I’d choose for myself.
 I couldn’t say I looked bad though.
 I turned away, still painfully unaccustomed to my new appearance, and tugged down the hem of the short leather top.

ady fussing at it92m.0m<eop> I examined92m the0m92m state0m92m.0m Not quite92m fitting0m in. Not an unlikely uncle
-
“Something’s wrong, Harruq.
 Tell me what bothers you so?”
 Harruq sighed and looked away.
 He gently tapped his swords together.
 “I don’t know.
 Bored.”
 “Am I not a challenge?”
 He made vague shrug that could be taken either way.
 Let her think that was it, he thought.
 It was a whole lot better than the truth.

 app0m92m’0m92m a0m name. what you’re app is92m.0m what you’re doing could be92m better0m
-
BG: 	It’s there.
 Like on Sergeant Pepper’s.
 Everyone wanted to do Sergeant Pepper’s back then.
 It was actually Skippy’s idea—he’d been reading some voodoo book, and found these words.
 That’s his voice, though you can’t tell.
 Jim did the oud bit.
 CM:  	Hm.
 So, the order…
 BG: 	I don’t think anyone decided it.
 Here’s the thing, Dad..  That’s the order we recorded them in.

I0m think they wrote it. I think the impression92m to0m that was that92m they0m92m done0m92m like0m that
-
If she kept kissing him, no power on earth, no amount of love or guilt would be able to make him stop.
 "Marie," he began, his voice cracking, "do you want to make love?"
 She froze.
 Make love?
 All she knew was that she wanted more of Rick--more of his kisses and his touches.
 She felt like she couldn't get enough.
 All at once she realized that getting enough meant making love.
 She would have blushed if her entire body weren’t already on fire.
 Rick wasn't her husband.
 And he never would be.

not get92m enough0m and couldn’t92m get0m it back. "92mWe0m92m want0m more.92m You0m need
-
BG: 	I haven’t been stagnant because I’ve been still.
 It’s Buddhist, isn’t it?
 I mean, sitting still while the winds blow.
 Winds of change, winds of creativity.
 Lorelei has taught me much, man, many things I can’t even tell you.
 You’ll get it—you’ll see where it’s all been heading.
 Anyway, Memphis, yeah, it’s still part of that—the signpost on the road.
 Memphis still burbles up through even my most contented piece of songwriting, still smolders underneath it all.
 So many musicians came through Memphis, man, came through, came from.
 Some never got any recognition, yet they fed the stream, they kept the mojo alive.

ill92m played0m as92m the0m Bird Bird92m Country0m. Its almost like I visit92m again0m, educate my models92m and0m do
-
I wish I knew French and could read the original.
 But it has taken me decades to gain a meager command of Spanish.
 So I resort to an English dictionary, look up "adore" and all I find are synonyms: worship; revere, venerate; and one somewhat helpful description: deep, rapturous love.
 That one rings truest.
 According to my vocabulary, if we adore something, we are drawn to it and resist separation.
 Its presence comforts, inspires, provides us with hope and meaning.
 The thought of losing it may terrify or leave us in despair.
 I feel all that about my kids.
 I have felt somewhat the same about a few others, at least for a time.
 But I would be lying if I claimed to feel all that about God.

2m dear0mest92m of0m all92m He0m is92m a0m God of love. Let those be what92m matters0m. Parenting now
-
Marie frowned.
 He always apologized for shouting at her, but that hadn't stopped him from shouting at her again.
 He'd apologized for hurting her arm, but that hadn't stopped him from hurting her with his kiss.
 Would her life with him be like that?
 A series of angry words or painful grasps or bruising kisses followed by apologies?
 She was still wrestling with that question when she realized that the fog had lifted and she was still in 2011.
 Dejected, she went back to Rick.
 "It didn't work."
 He stood up, taking her hands.
 "I'm sorry, Marie."

 his hands. "92mbut0m I also am92m sorry0m92m that0m92m It0m92m didn0m't work, and I
-
Eugene – Deh arrrr fie.
 Cleo – Eugene, weren’t you listening?
 Don’t speak while you are eating.
 Eugene – Murgle Furgle.
 Jim – Enough, let him eat or this will go on all night.
 Karen – Good idea Jim.
 Liz – Especially since I’m on the receiving end of the spray.
 Johnny – May I be excused for a while?
 Art – You feeling okay?
 Johnny – I’m fine, I just have some things to take care of, and I’m not too hungry.

vie . Here92m I0m am with92m you0m92m,0m with you92m today0m, as I92m don0m’t
-
I ducked under the cover of a large spruce and watched.
 Chevelle walked through the tree line and my jaw clenched tight against a silent curse.
 He was alone.
 He kept walking as he looked my direction, surveying the damage from the fire.
 I was convinced he would know it had been me, but he didn’t stop or even slow.
 It made no sense.
 Why hadn’t he investigated further?
 Was he not here looking for me?
 He was my watcher and I was missing.
 So where else would he be going?

e building at92m the0m center of a fire and that premise92m plan0m to kill and92m devour0m.92m Lots0m of grocery92m store0m
-
My heart actually skipped a beat.
 That was more than some people spent on their first car.
 "Rachel, you've already bought me way too much.
 I can't let you get this.
 Not only will I never wear it, you could practically feed small countries with what you'd have to pay for all this."
 She started to pout, but I'd already been taken by that tactic once today, and caving in had just landed me in deeper trouble.
 "I'm serious, Rachel; we are not walking out of the store with this dress.
 You can throw a temper tantrum if you want, but I'm not giving in."
 Rachel glared at me for several seconds, and then suddenly smiled.
 "Okay, Adri.

mous92m People0m92m wouldn0m't have excited92m us0m if we were our first92m dates0m, but an92m irritated0m
-
I've already told Lucy where she stands with Ben.
 If you get in my way, if you approach him on her behalf, if you even think of acting on any of the hundred things going through your mind right now, I'll kill you too."
 My knees were weak, but I had to get out now.
 For all that I hated Cassie, there was no way this crazy chick would act on her threats when there were three of us to corroborate each other's stories.
 I quietly swung the stall door open and felt my eyes go wide as I saw Lucy curled up, sobbing, at Jasmin's feet.
 Neither of the other girls even bothered to look at me as I carefully moved to the door.
 Jasmin took half a step to the side, giving me room to get around her, but there wasn't even a slight drop in the level of menace she was radiating.
 It was like I didn't even exist.
 I was still shaking on my way down the hall.
 By the time I made it into Algebra, I thought I was going to throw up.

d92m failed0m to prevent a loud scratching92m on0m the door92m.0m Someone92m else0m92m getting0m hurt, but the was hardly a
-
The incident with the faery guard showed that clearly.” I walked over to him and sat at his other side.
 I gave him a smile.
 He smiled back and continued.
 “The faery could have easily stabbed me through the heart but he didn't because he wanted me alive; to give to Kojas.” Emily gasped and covered her face.
 “Why, what would he want with you?” Seth closed his eyes.
 “He's saying that I'm going to be his key to success, in taking over Igneeria and Earth.
 He wants to use me, I don't know how yet.
 They're going to do whatever they can to bring me to him; I'm going to have to be extra careful.
 I don't know-” “Seth,” Jason interrupted him.
 Seth looked up at his best friend.

nd a flash92m in0m his eyes.92m Emily0m was still looking at Jason.92m<eop>0m92m,0m Seth92m made0m sure to
-
"Yeah.
 What do you call a date?"
 "You know--going out to dinner and then dancing or to a concert or something."
 "I'd rather wash my car and have a pizza delivered."
 She frowned.
 "Why?"
 "Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."
 He took her hand, kissing the back of her fingers.
 "This week we've exercised, done laundry, shopped, gone to the beach, cooked, watched TV, and talked the whole time.
 Well, except when we were watching TV, and even then your questions helped me to get to know you."

m'0m92mt0m know that, but--do you92m 0mtranscribe dates92m into0m dates?92m"0m<eop>
-
In the evenings they'd eat and talk and watch TV, but he promised to take her to the shore Saturday.
 "The first thing we have to do is buy you a bathing suit," Rick told Marie as they strolled through the mall after dinner Friday evening.
 "Be prepared, OK?
 I think you'll find them a little immodest."
 She tried to prepare herself, but she was shocked by the outfits she was shown.
 The material was thin, and they all had plunging necklines, and some were cut so that the edge of the leg hole was almost as high as the arm hole.
 But she managed to find two, one red and one black with pink flowers, that were less shocking than the others and took them to the dressing room.
 These weren't going to work.
 She'd chosen the two with the least amount of décolletage, and they still wouldn't work.
 They wouldn't completely hide her chest binding.

92m one0m 92mtu0mft of neck hanging around the92m had0m, etc92m;0m and92m one0m with a beam of brown
-
Remembering that Kesey and Cassady were friends, I look up some dates.
 Sure enough, they met while Kesey was writing that novel, two years before it came out.
 And no doubt he had read Kerouac's novels featuring Cassady, a.k.a.
 Dean Moriarty et al.
 In Sometimes a Great Notion, Joe Ben used to be, as a teen, so handsome and so enthralled by girls, he never could have stayed true to any one of them.
 But a motorcycle crash disfigured his perfect face.
 Still, his girlfriend sticks by him.
 She becomes his wife and the mother of his kids.
 And Joe Ben comes to believe that God had allowed that tragedy to save him from the fate of his father, who died a lonely, sex-obsessed drunk.
 Joe Ben is the book’s endearing and admirable character, a humble Christian of supreme courage.

tries that are starting the92m regional0m92m movement0m, restoring the Christian faith92m.0m And here92m we0m92m talk0m about charity. You
-
Still, if don't write and share these loco thoughts of mine, not as many people will get to know about Eric, and Olga.
 No doubt Don will read my vision of Eric’s death as sacrifice and consider it a symptom of a narcissistic belief that the world revolves around me.
 The problem I find with such an explanation is, it wouldn’t answer a single question about why Eric knew all he did.
 So I’ll risk having friends like Don intervene to get me committed.
 Because, even if I only saw a long shot chance that Eric died to rescue me, from death, from perdition, from a wasted life, or from a danger I can’t imagine, consider what a cold-blooded wretch I would have to be if I failed to give him his due.
 And Olga was so beautiful, I won't allow her to be forgotten.
 My Girl
 At home after the trip’s longest drive, the whole length of California including the purgatorial L.A. freeways, when Zoë’s grandma leaves I think about waking my girl.
 She has only been asleep a half-hour.
 I decide to only contemplate her face for a minute then leave her be.

Flying0m Where I fly just taken off, the so92mnd0m to a92m magical0m92m city0m. Subju between92m my0m
-
Jim – Anything to do with both Johnny or Mother can be considered a dark subject.
 (Hugs Art)  How was your trip?
 Did you enjoy the ‘convention’ in Florida?
 Liz – Did anything exciting happen?
 Art – Well it depends on your definition of exciting.
 If my exciting you mean ‘did I make a fortune and decide to retire,’ then no it was a dull trip.
 Liz – I’m sorry.
 Art – Don’t be.
 I did get to ogle a great many women half my age wearing not but skimpy swimwear.
 It was truly a wonderful experience for a man my age, or for a man of any age for that matter.

lists like Francisco and Michael Lewis92m,0m who92m flown0m a92m British0m cycling fight92m together0m, were two of92m the0m Japanese
-
The niños who crawled on the muddy bank had implausibly shiny hair and wide eyes of milk white and gleaming obsidian.
 Beyond the shanties, across the river and the road, a building invaded the sky.
 Shaped like a Hershey bar, only high as mountains and made of chrome and glass.
 A thousand beams from the rising sun ricocheted in prisms off it.
 I felt Cliff staring at me.
 He was in the back seat.
 When I glanced his way, he asked, “How’s your head?” In truth my head felt enormous and heavy.
 Even my eyeballs ached.
 “Okay,” I said.
 “But check this out, everything looks weird.

ered off.92m”0m92m After0m I jumped up and drove the truck92m back0m to the92m river0m, Cliff92m peered0m out the
-
She took me in, and treated me better than my father ever did.
 I don’t know.
 I’ve been trying not to think about it too much if I can help it, it’s just that all things considered I don’t have much choice not to think about it do I?
 Johnny – Why don’t you do something about him if he’s such an asshole?
 Eugene – What do you want me to do about him?
 Johnny – Why not report him to the police?
 Eugene – I don’t think that would solve anything.
 Johnny – Why not?
 Jim – Johnny remember the time when he called the police and told them that he was abducted by aliens?
 And that he wanted those aliens arrested and sent back to Mars because they were in the country illegally?

remember when he called the police92m and0m speaking to one92m of0m them.92m But0m he had92m not0m92m wondering0m what
-
Another father.
 He taught me “Don’t Let the Sun Pull Your Pants Down,” “Piggly Wiggly Blues,” “She Caught the Katy,” “Her Ass Moves I Moan.”  Underground stuff, stuff from the adult’s table, from the back room.
 And I lapped it up.
 And Tennessee paid me the high compliment, man.
 He told me nobody played like me except Riley.
 CM: 	Riley?
 BG:  	B.
 B.
 King, man.
 He was comparing me to blues royalty.

d like Raven. I had my92m whole0m92m gang0m of92m Fame0m with me92m.0m And Tar, Carter92m,0m
-
Locked as I was into my course, I couldn't help but hear them both as I got closer.
 "I can't do this, Jasmin.
 I've been meaning to tell you for a while, but I was afraid of how you'd react."
 I half stumbled at the raw pain in his voice.
 While I was still trying to recover my balance, Jasmin looked up at me, and the force of her glare almost made me fall over my feet again.
 I'd seen plenty of girls try and warn off potential competition, but I'd never seen an expression that intense.
 Despite my earlier resolve, I couldn't help myself.
 I veered further away from the pair as some primitive, survival-minded part of my subconscious sought to create a buffer between me and the girl who looked ready to rip out my throat.
 I'd gone far enough I couldn't see either of them, but it honestly felt like Jasmin watched me all the way until I managed to make it safely out of sight.
 I'd read stories where people claimed to have felt someone's gaze trying to bore a hole in their back, but this was the first time I'd ever experienced it for myself.

 someone being held92m by0m a92m field0m of energy.<eop>92m<eod>0m Hearing92m the0m dimple in my shoulder confirmed92m my0m
-
(Walking away)
 Jim – I’ll catch up to you later Liz.
 Oh, by the way Gene wants to talk to you.
 Art – Does our beloved Eugene have something in mind?
 Jim – Dad, its Gene…
 Art – A stupid question on my part.
 More precisely then, what does he have in mind?
 Jim – He didn’t say.
 And he wasn’t in the mood to be pressed.
 So be on the lookout for Gene, he seems to have been a little preoccupied with whatever he needs to talk with you about.

se he seems to feel both92m back0m about things92m,0m as well as92m he0m seems very as92mhy0m.92m So0m there
-
The challenges posed by extremely rapid transition are nowhere more graphically depicted than in the current transition of the countries of Eastern Europe after the collapse of the Berlin Wall, the end of the Cold War and the break-up of the USSR.
 Although this transition is often described in political and economic terms, it is far broader and deeper in its implications.
 These nations are in the midst of a simultaneous multi-dimensional transformation – politically, from authoritarian to democratic forms of government; economically, from a centrally planned command system to free market economies; industrially, from defence-oriented to consumer-oriented production; administratively, from highly centralized to decentralized systems; structurally, from state ownership of property to multiple forms of ownership in all spheres; socially, from closed and isolated to open and internationally integrated societies; culturally, from almost exclusive emphasis on values of equity and collective security to strong emphasis on the values of freedom and individual responsibility.
 The transformation of Eastern Europe and the former USSR is of vital concern to all of us.
 Never before in human history has such massive change been carried out as an essentially peaceful revolution.
 The end of apartheid in South Africa and recent progress in the Middle East show that this process continues to have beneficial repercussions around the world.
 At the same time, this incredible advance has been accompanied by events that have destabilized the political and economic systems of the entire region, led to the break-up of the USSR, war in Bosnia, the collapse of the Warsaw Pact and the COMECON trade system, a massive brain drain and the threat of huge waves of economic refugees.
 These changes, too, have had implications for all nations within the region and beyond – severely affecting trade around the world, from the tea estates of Sri Lanka and India to the wheat fields of the United States, Australia and Argentina.
 So, too, the further course of this transition will have a profound impact on all nations, both developed and developing.
 The future of world peace, the world political system and the world economy hang in the balance.

92m itself0m undergoing92m tremendous0m transition, either by its geographic aspect or by its excit92mability0m.92m Eastern0m Europe92m,0m the
-
There are a lot---
 BG: 	“Surfing the Big Muddy,” of course.
 Jan and Dean tried to make a comeback with that one.
 Sorry that didn’t work.
 Lor, was it Jan or Dean visited us here?
 LE: 	Jan.
 I think.
 BG: 	Right.
 “Turn that Damn Stereo Down” by Moving Sidewalks.
 The Bugs did “For Kim, Because it All Went by So Fast.”

dural rom com stuff from92m Chuck0m92m.0m I forgot that92m Kim0m could never92m punch0m92mLOO0mFor of these.
-
Ned – It’s quite simple.
 I can put it into three small words.
 Jesus loves you.
 Art – That’s it?
 Ned – So simple isn’t it?
 Art – A bit too simple.
 Ned – What do you mean?
 Art – Well you dangled me on a hook for all that time, only to build up the suspense for your great cure-all concept and then feed me with some nonsense about faith.
 Telling me that I am unconditionally loved by that a man several centuries dead is supposed to cure all my ills?
 How does that work?

92m,0m this non92msense0m92m of0m faith. Art –92m OK0m. Ned 92m–0m Wait. I can type
-
It is in this context that the European Union, the United States and other Western governments have been considering ambitious proposals for addressing this issue.
 The Australian government has unveiled a $4.6 billion jobs package to reduce unemployment from 10 per cent to 5 per cent by the end of the decade by encouraging training for the young, the unskilled and the long-term unemployed.
 Recently the OECD has presented the main planks of an employment strategy to stimulate economic growth in the industrial nations, make labour markets more flexible, increase productivity, and revamp employment and unemployment security provisions.
 The relative success of the US economy in creating jobs during the past decade has prompted other countries to emphasize the importance of policies to increase the flexibility of wage rates and bring down the price of labour by reductions in the statutory minimum wage.
 The main effect of this policy is likely to be a movement of jobs between nations, however, not a significant increase in the total number of jobs available.
 In fact, measures which reduce wage incomes could have the perverse effect of reducing aggregate purchasing power and employment.
 Economic growth is recognized as an essential, though not sufficient, condition for higher rates of job growth – but fears of inflation constrain industrial countries from trying to stimulate faster expansion of their economies.
 The primary impact of moderate levels of inflation would be to encourage an outflow of investment to more stable currencies.
 How ever, if the industrial nations all agreed to relax their monetary policies, this effect could be minimized.
 The real constraint on job creation in the industrial nations is not the price of labour, but the need for increased capital investment, partly to counter the effects of reduced military spending and the drastic fall in output and demand in Eastern Europe.

el of92m capital0m investment in the92m industrial0m92m nations0m is on average expenditure of capital investment92m in0m92m the0m banking and tourism sectors
-
Art – You see that is completely cultural.
 In our county it is considered unusual to enjoy watching two very fat men in loincloths grapple with one another.
 Jim – I am not unusual.
 Art - On to more important matters.
 Jim, this is Karen.
 Karen here’s my oldest son Jim.
 Karen – Hi.
 (They shake hands)
 Jim – Good to finally meet you.
 Karen – Art has told me a lot about you.

. Art92m 0m92m–0m92m Asked0m92m back0m very many times for some important questions. Art – Jim92m 0m
-
This is his third attempt to achieve knighthood and he has gotten closer each time.
 While he is the odds on favorite to achieve it this year, no one wants him to win,” she said.
 “I went and chatted with him,” she continued “and he hates the Immortalists, but is rather unpleasant and needs to take a bath.
 But he is also clearly very honorable.
 And when I asked him why he wanted to be a knight…” she paused then added, “he said that some ‘Infernally damned knights’ have to stand up and fight.” “So you think he is a good man?” Rodregas asked.
 “I think Geriodon is a ‘holier than thou’ stick in the mud, who needs to learn to bathe and not mumble when he speaks.
 And yes, he is probably one of the only men here that actually deserves knighthood.” Rodregas nodded and said, “What about Nordien?” “Nordien is the polar opposite to Geriodon; smooth and friendly… and tried to have sex with me within our first conversation, which was also the only decent thing he said during our conversation.
 He seems to really dislike Geriodon and Karun.
 He comes from a strong blood line and rich family and feels he should already be a knight and not be forced to be in the tournament.” “So, why is Nordien in the tournament and not knighted?” Rodregas asked.
 “From what I can gather, Nordien is very friendly with the Immortalists, including the Ambassador Van’dret, and most people believe that he only wants to be knighted so that he can then leave the knighthood and join the Immortal Guard.” Rodregas nodded.

 people who think everything isn’92mt0m good92m to0m be a knight,92m/0mor92m even0m so92m far0m as to fight
-
Alec is an incredible fighter, but Brandon's like hasn't been seen in centuries."
 "Why are you telling me all this?
 I've been with the others for almost two whole weeks, and nobody's hinted that there were hybrids with special powers."
 Mallory patted my hand again.
 "I probably wouldn't have complicated things this way save for the fact that for only the third time in my long life, I've looked inside a human, and seen something outside of the ordinary there."
 "Wait, you mean me?
 I've got a power?
 I'm about as ordinary as you can get."
 "Hardly ordinary.
 Have you had more of the dreams since Alec rescued you?"

never tell me the truth, but92m anyone0m who92m has0m a chance to92m own0m a92m candidate0m92m hear0ms stuff like
-
I stammered out a thanks as Donovan released my hand.
 The rest of Alec's friends were already disappearing, Isaac and Jessica around back towards the garden, while James and Dominic were already inside his car, and backing down the lane.
 Alec took my hand as Donovan opened the front door for us.
 He walked with a definite limp, one that was all the more painful when contrasted against his otherwise graceful movements.
 I looked questioningly at Alec, but he shook his head, so I stayed quiet as he led me into the house.
 Rachel was waiting for us in a luxuriously-furnished sitting room.
 "Mother's been asking for you, Alec.
 I told her you'd be back soon, but she's worried."
 "I suppose this is a good opportunity to introduce Adriana."
 For the first time since I'd found out about Alec's secret, Rachel was looking uncertain.

2m that0m Maya wanted her mother to give her something. I just92m relaxed0m and waited92m.0m92m<eop>0m92m 0m"Who
-
Dominic spent a couple hours after dinner helping me with Spanish.
 She probably would've spent even longer with me, but Mom called, so Dominic slipped out to give me some privacy.
 I fielded something like a hundred questions about school, reassured her two or three times that she wasn't a terrible mother, and promised yet again to stay one hundred percent out of trouble while she was gone.
 I was beginning to wonder if I was ever going to get off the phone when she finally decided, ultra-late shoot tomorrow or not, she'd better go to bed.
 By the time I finally finished up the rest of my studying, decided I was ready for my catch-up test in Mrs. Campbell's class tomorrow, and spent a few minutes with Rachel, I was well and truly exhausted.
 I thought about going back to the Lilac Room, but it would've just been because I was worried about what everyone else was thinking.
 I'd been raised to believe good little girls didn't spend the night with boys.
 Not even boys who were so gentlemanly it was sometimes painful.
 I still believed that, but my desire to be with Alec had devoured the parts of my brain that used logic and reason to decide things.
 I wanted to be with him while he slept, even if it was only for a couple of hours.

ec92m even0m more92m and0m more. I couldn't just92m go0m92m come0m back over to the telephone and ask92m his0m
-
In truth, he hadn’t appeared to notice my behavior at all.
 When I finally broke the silence, we were navigating a narrow pass.
 “How long will we be riding?” I wasn’t specific in my question, not wanting to reveal I had no idea where we were headed.
 If he’d been under the false impression he’d had to take me, I wasn’t about to mess that up only to be dragged back to the village.
 Especially after everything that had happened.
 My horse quickened his pace to ride alongside his and I made a mental note to learn how to control the horse on my own.
 The constricted path forced us close together, our stirrups and legs brushing as we rode.
 Chevelle nodded at my hand and I held it out, palm up.
 Chevelle indicated a spot on one of the mountains.
 “We are here.” I tried not to let my disappointment show.

2m raced0m down until we stopped at a rock’92ms0m edge. I also noted92m a0m92m road0m ahead92m of0m
-
Despite my earlier resolve, I couldn't help myself.
 I veered further away from the pair as some primitive, survival-minded part of my subconscious sought to create a buffer between me and the girl who looked ready to rip out my throat.
 I'd gone far enough I couldn't see either of them, but it honestly felt like Jasmin watched me all the way until I managed to make it safely out of sight.
 I'd read stories where people claimed to have felt someone's gaze trying to bore a hole in their back, but this was the first time I'd ever experienced it for myself.
 I hadn't even believed it was possible, but the pins and needles I'd felt starting the second she'd looked up hadn't disappeared until I put a brick wall between us.
 Biology would've been unpleasant even without everything else that was going on.
 The air conditioning was out to part of the building, and Mrs. Sorenson's classroom was one of the ones that apparently were going to go without until they got the regulator or switcher, or whatever it was, fixed.
 I bowed out of our little competition even earlier than usual.
 I probably should have stayed in the game longer, should have kept answering questions until she came up with a real stumper, but I wasn't in the mood.
 Once I was safely free to let my mind wander, I couldn't think of anything other than the look on Jasmin's face.

ut92m as0m I92m waited0m for her to speak the last thing:92m 0m"92mLu0mre92m the0m ass outside
-
Agenda Item Three: Confront Brandon directly with an intervention.
 The family intervention included me, Bryce, Harry, Anabel, Lisa and even the arresting officer, Denny White, via phone.
 The intervention started with the assumption that Brandon was currently detoxing (for the second time) with us at home, and there were expectations everyone had of him.
 Brandon was attacked by all sides; the room was heated with Brandon’s denial and lies.
 He lied and denied because that is what drug addicts do.
 Brandon was mistaken thinking that he was smarter than everyone else because while he was the dealer, other people—addicts—hung on his every word as though he was speaking gospel.
 The person dishing out the drugs rambles stupidly and thinks his admirers should be carving his wise words in a stone tablet.
 Been there, seen that with Thomas and others!
 We had been giving him regular drug tests, which showed levels of positive, and that line had been starting to drop.
 It seemed to be leaving his system— it took a while to be completely clean.

ked92m everything0m had changed92m.0m92m<eop>0m Agenda Item92m Four0m: Within four weeks92m,0m medical decisions were made to get
-
He swung both swords, the entirety of his might behind them.
 The elf blocked.
 His sword was elven-make and had been wielded in his hands for two hundred years.
 Never would he have guessed Harruq’s were older by three centuries.
 Never would he have guessed that those two blades would shatter his own, pass through the explosion of steel, sever his spine, and cleave his body in two.
 The half-orc continued his charge, engaging the two elves behind.
 They struck as one, their swords aiming for vitals high and low.
 Harruq knew he could not block both, so he accepted a thrust curving to the side of his armor, grinning darkly.
 As the sword punched through the enchanted leather, the half-orc cut his adversary’s throat, using that same swing to parry the other attack away.
 The remaining elf swore as his eyes grew red and watery.

2mt0m92m do0m this92m time0m. The gracefulelf92m took0m a breath.92m Har0mruq ducked behind them, the
-
No, no, no.
 My head cleared, but Chevelle still held me around the arms.
 My neck flushed, my eyes shooting to my lap.
 I couldn’t look at him.
 What am I doing?
 The door opened and Chevelle’s hands dropped as he stood to face the newcomer.
 “They are here.” It was Steed’s voice, but I didn’t raise my head, the blood still hot in my cheeks.
 “Take her to the ridge, I will meet you after…” Chevelle stopped midsentence.
 After what?
 Steed must have been concerned because Chevelle explained, “Ruby gave her a little dust… to relax.” “Frey,” Steed said from beside me.

in in92m the0m wind growing92m and0m trapping a92m girl0m in his arms92m.0m “Ruby has said92m to0m you
-
“Sure thing,” he said.
 They spoke no word of Woodhaven, Velixar, or the battle that morning for the rest of the day.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The sound of an opening door stirred him from his slumber.
 Qurrah glanced around, furious that he had fallen asleep.
 How much time had passed?
 An hour?
 Five?
 “I cannot be so weak,” he muttered to himself.

ming92m wild0m dogs began first92m.0m92m Thinking0m quickly, Qurrah realized92m that0m92m they0m were already too late and that
-
As in the case of technology, research is needed to document this complex process across industries, between countries and over time.
 One product of these studies could be the development of specific job coefficients measuring the impact of growth in trade in different industries on overall employment.
 Trade becomes of even greater potential benefit to industrial nations during the coming decade when economic growth in these countries is expected to be significantly slower than in the developing world.
 The pent-up demand generated by the destruction of Europe during the Second World War, the rapid expansion of population during the baby boom generation, and the explosion of new technologies in the past few decades, all generated strong internal demand in the OECD countries, resulting in steady economic growth.
 The slow growth of population and productivity in more recent years means that these factors cannot be expected to drive further economic expansion at the same rate.
 In contrast, average growth rates in developing countries are expected to be two to three times higher than in the industrial nations.
 The increase in the dollar output of developing countries was actually bigger than that of the most economically advanced nations in 1992 and 1993, and this trend is expected to continue.
 Measured in terms of purchasing power parity, developing countries now represent more than one-third of the world economy.
 More than 40 per cent of US exports now go to developing countries and two-thirds of the increase in US exports in recent years has gone to these nations.
 The rising expectations and upward mobility of millions of people in developing countries represent a vast potential source of demand, higher incomes and jobs for the West.

 of currencies and commodities found92m in0m trade instead of internal trade are the92m result0m92m of0m92m the0m complex relationship92m between0m trade
-
"Thank you so much, Rick."
 He stroked her cheek with his forefinger.
 "I'd do anything for you, sweetheart."
 When she didn't look away, simply continuing to gaze into his eyes, he slowly lowered his mouth to hers, brushing his lips over hers.
 She didn't pull away.
 Gathering her closer, he kissed her gently.
 Marie's pulse raced as Rick's lips moved over hers.
 This .
 .
 .

n body stiffened at the thought of92m the0m feel of his mouth92m on0m92m her0m again92m.0m<eop> Her92m heart0m vibrated
-
It was all done in spray paints.
 It looks fantastic, in my opinion.
 Tell you what, why don’t we just start here, with this painting.
 Karen – It’s breathtaking.
 What’s it of?
 Art – I don’t know, I never got a chance to ask her about it.
 If I had to guess, I’d say it was a landscape of the planet Mars at sunrise.
 Karen – Oh, here’s the explanation.
 It’s called ‘A Weekend in Nirvana’ and is the artist’s idea of what Heaven might feel like.
 How odd.

et92m all0m the scribble and colors right92m,0m92m.0m92m do0m you know the92m sign0m Martian? a Ave?
-
While the lasagna she'd made for dinner baked, she made a list of what she wanted to buy the next day.
 They needed new beach towels and more sunscreen and aloe vera lotion.
 She wanted a nice dress to wear in the evening, but she hesitated about putting it on the list.
 She didn't want to ask Rick for anything frivolous, and she'd probably get to wear the dress only once or twice.
 But she didn't want him to be embarrassed by a companion who wasn't dressed appropriately.
 Well, she'd ask him where he planned to take her and what she should wear.
 "Why don't we find you a nice, simple dress?"
 Rick asked the next day after they'd bought towels and lotions and visors and sunglasses.
 She smiled, hugging his arm.
 She hadn't even mentioned the dress.

been92m finished0m - and92m he0m hadn'92mt0m actually seen it, of course92m.0m Anyway92m,0m she wanted
-
* Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 1
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 The two brothers were almost to the wall when the skulls flew overhead.
 “Make them stop!” cried Harruq Tun, hands pressed against his ears.
 Beside him, Qurrah Tun stood mesmerized by the sight.
 Hundreds of skulls bathed in purple fire sailed over the walls of Veldaren like dark comets.
 Gaping mouths shrieked mindless wails, their voices bone-chilling and unrelenting.
 A few soldiers fired arrows, but most hid behind their shields.
 “Why do you cower?” Qurrah asked, striking his brother on the shoulder.

 clouds of heaven and earth over Vel92mdar0m92men0m92m!0m The water What was92m left0m92m in0m the mountains below V
-
"I know.
 Thinking about how worried you'd be was the worst thing about being gone."
 "Are you all right?
 Are you hurt anywhere?"
 "I'm fine.
 I-I was held against my will but-but in a very nice place.
 He--they were good to me."
 "Why were you kidnapped?
 We never received a request for ransom."
 "I don't know.

suggested a-" Well,92m an0m92m said0m. "My92m family0m?92m"0m 92m"0mI told all
-
Individuals like Dominic, Rachel, and Jasmin don't just happen.
 They're the result of a native goodness being tempered and refined by terrible experiences."
 Mallory suddenly doubled over in a fit of coughing that left her white and shaking.
 I jumped to my feet and almost ran for Alec, but she grabbed my hand with more of that fragile strength, and pulled me back down.
 "There isn't anything he can do for me, child, and unless I'm very much mistaken he's more than normally worried right now.
 He's in no kind of way needing yet more to fret about.
 Just let me catch my breath and I'll be as right as ever."
 Several minutes later, once the renewed bout of coughing had subsided, Mallory looked back up at me with wan features.
 "How did it happen?
 What brought things between Brandon and our Alec to a head?"

 Maybe0m, she should remind92m me0m of a92m prophecy0m92m.0m<eop> Chapter 25: Death is not92m blackmail0m and,
-
Smiling, she pulled him closer for another kiss.
 He was constantly thinking of her, buying her gifts and designing adventures for her.
 Sighing, she leaned into him as their kiss went on.
 Rick was lost.
 She held nothing back in her kiss, making him hungrier for more.
 He pinned her to the car, pressing his body full length against hers.
 Marie gasped, her fingernails digging into his shoulders.
 She would never have dreamed that being pinned beneath Rick's body would feel so incredibly .
 .
 .

 of torture92m.0m<eop> When92m they0m pulled92m a0m mile down the road, Marie pushed92m herself0m92m into0m his chest as
-
He never lived it down.
 Nobody in the family would let him live it down.
 We teased him all the time about it.
 Art – Has he shot himself yet?
 Or someone else?
 Karen – Not yet.
 Actually last I heard he was married again and they have two kids.
 Art – Well he seems to have bounced back from all the pain and humiliation, he must be a resilient young man.
 Karen – Well, he did leave the home first.
 He had to get away from not only the family, but the community.

nd92m oh0m my92m dismay0m, that one92m he0m gets away from Thirteen92m.0m<eop> Karen92m 0m– Well your baby
-
For the collective, development involves establishment of more useful and productive institutions, systems, organizations and cultural values.
 The conventional view that development is essentially a function of scarce economic inputs must give way to the perception that the opportunities and potentials for rapid development far exceed actual achievements in every country.
 Looking back over the past few decades, we realize that the speed of social progress could certainly have been much greater than it was.
 The tremendous potential for accelerating development is most easily illustrated by in stances in which actual achievements substantially excelled expectations, such as the enormous leap in world agriculture during the 1960s and 1970s and the phenomenal growth of incomes, employment and exports in East Asia during the last ten years.
 These unforeseen accomplishments reflect the magnitude of potentials that these countries possessed but had not previously utilized.
 The untapped resources of the society can be categorized under several headings:
 Knowledge of the process of development and the factors that stimulate it.
 Education that imparts progressive social values and practically useful perspectives.
 Information that creates awareness of opportunities.
 Values that foster productivity, organization and social cohesion.

ess the resources available92m for0m the functioning of92m appropriate0m92m and0m systems.92m The0m understanding of possible possibilities92m and0m of the potential
-
His body was bent out of recognition.
 It was over.
 My ears had stopped ringing the moment he’d hit the ground.
 Ruby relaxed and stepped away from me.
 I wanted to catch up with what had happened but no one was talking, the mountain was silent.
 Rhys and Rider were once again gone from sight.
 “Aren’t you going to perform the death ceremony?” I worried as the other elves began walking away.
 Anvil spat on the mangled body.
 The corpse.
 “It’s done.” I stood staring at the crumpled mass as the others gathered, arguing.

try to92m call0m church.92m.0m going going92m to0m a92m manifestation0m92m-0mless world, when safe and then the
-
The tinny blare of a car horn pulled me out the front door.
 Britney was waiting outside with her heater going full blast.
 I was surprised at how cold it was with the sun still struggling to get above the mountains.
 Of course it wasn't cold enough for me to need a heater, but I also wasn't wearing Britney's shorts, which looked like they were even shorter than the ones she'd worn the day before.
 It was amazing what the administration was letting everyone get away with.
 Of course, if I had legs like some of these girls, I'd probably be joining in.
 Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
 The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.
 Of course it also stopped me from digging further into the mystery of why it was so dangerous to hike.
 That particular question would probably have to wait at least until lunch.

92m the0m journey takes us.<eop>92m The0m dense, congested streets and cars92m kept0m92m up0m92m from0m where we
-
The establishment of the World Trade Organization paved the way for expanded markets for both developing and developed countries, fuelled a rapid expansion in World Trade, and wove strong bonds of interdependence between erstwhile antagonists across the globe from the Chinese mainland to North America.
 Larger private investment flows invigorated economic growth and made capital more accessible to larger numbers of people than ever before in human history.
 The European Union expanded to embrace newly democratic countries and blazed a path right through the former heartland of nationalism for the integration of the united peoples of Europe.
 Most important of all, the erstwhile very real and imminent threat of global confrontation and nuclear destruction radically diminished, spurred by negotiations between Russia and USA that have led to a 75 per cent reduction in the number of nuclear warheads stockpiled by both sides.
 ICPF’s report projected a vision of Uncommon Opportunities for rapid and radical advances in global peace and development.
 Its central thrust is the inextricable linkage between peace, employment, food security and human development.
 As peace is a sine quo non for development, creation of employment opportunities for all is essential for maintenance of peace and social stability, food security and eradication of all forms of poverty.
 The experience of the past decade strongly supports the view that a more peaceful global environment is more conducive for development.
 Military spending declined by a third in the years immediately following the end of the Cold War, partly due to real cuts in defence spending and partly due to the collapse of the Russian rouble and changes in the value attributed to Soviet arms spending.
 These real gains did not translate into a significant increase in foreign aid, which was what many hoped and expected.

se92m opened0m the way for developing a92m generation0mal relationship in which both92m France0m and92mexistence0m allowed reciprocal cooperation and92m open0m
-
It is too early to predict the eventual outcome in Yugoslavia, subject as it is to extraordinary external constraints on public policy.
 However, the initial evidence is sufficient to demonstrate that alternative approaches can and must be fashioned which are more comprehensive in scope, more balanced in implementation, more pragmatic in conception and less influenced by extreme ideological viewpoints.
 It is likely that further study of the Yugoslav model will reveal important applications not only for countries suffering from hyperinflation or the effects of radical transition, but for those carrying out more modest programmes fo economic reform.
 Recommendations for Accelerating Transition in the East
 Conditions within the 25 nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia vary significantly enough to limit the scope for broad generalizations on strategy beyond the statement of principles presented in this chapter.
 However, there are a number of specific recommendations applicable to all or most of these countries that can be applied to accelerate the pace and ease the pain of transition.
 1.Generate consensus for the transition programme: The transition should be an expression of the will of the society for change and it should help generate greater unity and harmony within the society.
 Further attempts to put through any macro-economic reform package will meet with strong political and social resistance unless a national consensus on the strategy is arrived at beforehand.
 Any programme involves a set of choices regarding which are the most accept able costs and important benefits.
 Before launching new initiatives, governments should conduct public inquiries and debate alternative packages of policies and practices.

92m-0mPF efforts are92m subject0m to strong opposition, but92m they0m92m should0m be continued.92m<eop>0m Reconstruction closely clashed
-
I felt him nod.
 "Simon and Nathanial."
 "I didn't know them that well, they mostly ignored me, but I didn't think they'd kill me."
 Alec finally put his arms around me.
 He hugged me like I was made out of fine china, but it was a start.
 The tingling sensation I'd always felt around Brandon was back, stronger than ever.
 Despite the incredibly grave nature of everything that'd happened in the last few hours, I felt mildly euphoric.
 Maybe this was what people were talking about when they said they were buzzed.
 "Maybe they weren't going to kill you.
 I can't say for sure, but they've both killed people before.

ckease"<eop> Pat, eyes92m still0m flexing around92m my0m neck,92m moved0m her92m head0m at92m Alec0m.
-
“So the usual confusion?” “I got more this time, Seth.
 Anyway, do you have any information to offer here?” I asked with an edge to my voice.
 Seth put his arms in surrender.
 “Hey, don't start yelling at me.
 We were getting a long pretty well last night, let's keep it that way.” I felt my face flush when I remembered last night.
 “Yes, you're right.” I was eager to change the subject so I said, “Are you going to tell them when they wake up?” “Yes I will, Jazell.
 I promised.” I sighed in relief.
 “Good...” I heard a loud yawn and Emily stretched her arms in the air.
 She stood up and walked the couple of feet over to me and stopped.
 I pushed myself up and leaned against the tree.

 . p.92m 0m.<eop> About92m ten0m92m minutes0m were passed92m when0m Emily yelled “Baby! Sweet
-
Both tensed but neither took the low, wide stance previously used.
 As their eyes fixed on one another, I felt myself, and Ruby beside me, lean forward in anticipation of action.
 Both men went taut, their muscles corded, jaws clenched tight, determined stares focusing only on each other.
 I saw nothing happen but knew there must be something, some unseen force causing them pain, draining them.
 I couldn’t look away but stammered to Ruby, “What’s happening?” “They are trying to overpower one another.” I could hear the pleasure in her voice.
 “No silly games, just power.” The way she said it had some part of my mind wondering whether her statement about not having her mother’s ambition was true.
 But I could only concentrate on the struggle in front of me.
 No visible action.
 I tried to judge by appearance who might be winning.
 Chevelle’s jaw was set, eyes dark.

ined rigid,92m as0m she watched92m me0m. She92m was0m still at me92m for0m a second,92m then0m turned to stare
-
I cannot pass this chance up.
 I must see what will happen.” Rodregas nodded; they both knew they would not get this chance twice.
 Doi’van saw in the Bunei what Rodregas had felt in the lion in the main hall.
 “See any good Infernal sigils for me?” Rodregas asked.
 “I should bind my Infernal gift as well, especially as I will never be a great magician.” Rodregas had not really expected an answer, but Doi’van surprised him by nodding his great head and pointing to the far back almost in a corner that strangely was the only one in shadow.
 “I think the Ni’Barrbari, the daemon known as the Night Panther, would add a bit of subtly to your Celestial Lion.
 While hunters, they are also healers and not as vicious as most of the others.
 It might also cause less confusion if you are able to gain both Infernal and Celestial great sigils to have ones that share some similarities.” Rodregas nodded and walked toward where Doi’van had pointed, having to circle around what appeared to be a bear with the front feet of a stork and the over large head of an owl.
 Rodregas felt his skin crawl and he almost left the chamber, but then the cat shape behind the daemon became clear.
 The Daemonic shape seemed to be missing the odd combinations of the others.

his92m special0m sort of build92m means0m demonstrating92m a0m task92m.0m The ring that had worked in the first place92m was0m unable
-
It was good to be touched, in fact, he craved it.
 But her eagerness highlighted to him that the body she wanted to touch was not really his.
 It was the body of Gerald, not Rodregas.
 Her body was everything that he had thought it would be, both wonderfully hard and lush.
 To say she was the most beautiful woman he had ever enjoyed touching was a ridiculous understatement.
 Imeralda reached up to his neck and pulled herself up on top of his lap.
 She wrapped her legs around him and hoisted herself up like she was climbing the trunk of a tree.
 He had wanted to take his time and explore her with his hands and lips, but clearly she was in no mood for foreplay.
 Rodregas in turn was in no mood to stop her now that his own passion was building, and there was no reason to think that they would not be repeating this experience.
 There would be other times to explore her.

self down being a92m little0m92m too0m soft -92m in0m her92m mouth0m92m all0m you would say inadequate -, and
-
Besides he said he wanted to spend more time with you.
 Build a relationship.
 Bring you into his plan.
 Liz – What does that mean?
 Centralized Base of Operations?
 Johnny – Yeah, he only lives a mile away from here.
 Jim – I just think its part of his master evil plan to piss you off.
 Seems that Gene has once again scored a point for the forces of darkness.
 I wonder if he’s working for the Canadians.
 You guys ever seen Gene drink beer and watch hockey?

 or did Gene92m watch0m his92m hometown0m92m,0m Bill? Everyone, I promise this: Gene isn92m’0m92mt0m hiding anything
-
I got another job at a local restaurant for the lunch shift as well as any days I was off from the grocery store.
 I realized at an early age that nobody was going to give me anything and if I wanted something I would need to earn it.
 If I didn’t succeed, I wouldn’t survive!
 Somewhere around this time, I decided to try and find my biological father, Richard, a natural thing for a young man my age to want to do, right?
 So I tracked him down and called him.
 Richard was living in Arkansas and had been for many years.
 We talked on the phone and upon discovering he would be near our homes on a business trip, arranged a meeting at a hotel—with Thomas too.
 Thomas begged out at the last minute, and without contacting Richard I brought my friend Bill with me for the drive into the bay area.
 When I knocked on the door of the hotel room, my father opened the door looked at me, called me Thomas, and then he looked at Bill and called him by my name.
 He didn’t even know what his own kids looked like.

nded the call.92m Bill0m went92m to0m the hospital, and they didn’92mt0m want them92m to0m do92m him0m anything
-
I caught myself and pulled out my bow, notching an arrow.
 We all tensed, prepared for a fight.
 All of a sudden, Emily walked towards the dragon.
 Seth yelled at her to get back but she ignored him.
 She stood right in front of its head and opened her mouth, bizarre sounds started coming out.
 We all stood there mesmerized as she grunted, growled, snorted and hissed at the dragon.
 I expected it to just take a huge bite out of her, but it seemed as surprised as we were.
 “Emily, what's going on?” I shouted to her and started to walk over.
 Seth reached out and grabbed my arm.
 I spun around, suddenly annoyed.

ll.92m.0m.. I landed right after Emily. I92m landed0m92m right0m92m towards0m her, flipping swinging92m my0m
-
Improve labour market information systems within and between countries by increasing the accuracy and comparability of data, requiring mandatory reporting by businesses of all sizes, and freely exchanging information between cities, states and countries on successful employment-generating strategies.
 8.Raise minimum standards for education: Higher education increases productivity, raises personal expectations and consumption, and generates additional jobs in education and elsewhere.
 Lack of qualifications, inadequate and out-dated skills commonly characterize the long-term unemployed.
 There is a strong positive correlation between higher education and higher incomes.
 The employment rate for college graduates in the United States is 75 per cent versus 48 per cent for high school drop- outs; at the height of the recent recession, 3.2 per cent of college graduates were unemployed compared with 11.4 per cent of high school drop-outs.
 Only 57 per cent of 18-year-olds in the OECD countries are pursuing formal education.
 The Japanese built their highly competitive workforce by raising the educational attainments of the bottom half of their primary and secondary school population.
 Raising the minimum compulsory level of education, as Belgium did in the mid-1980s from 16 years to 18, slows the entrance of young people into the labour market, better equips them for employment and in creases the demand for teachers.
 Extending compulsory education by two years or doubling the teacher– student ratio in the United States could generate several million additional jobs in teaching.
 A national commitment to raise the minimum standard, the average level and the quality of education can act as a great medium-term stimulus to job creation.

 right92m legal0m environment92m for0m companies to inform employees of their92m positions0m and92m increase0m their documented wages92m.0m In Britain,
-
I didn’t know I was going down until my knees hit the hard rock.
 I held myself there, refusing to give in.
 They argued frantically.
 “Knock her out.
 Do something.
 She’s going to crack.” Yes, crack.
 That was a good word for it.
 I felt as if I were breaking in half.
 No, being torn.
 I sensed someone close to me, Ruby no doubt.

 was their friend92m someone0m had92m to0m rescue.92m “0mI hear you have a92m baby0m.92m”0m
-
What did Dylan say?
 “Something’s going on here but you don’t know what it is.”  That’s it, man.
 When he plugged in he changed music, but he can’t plug in again, you know?
 And he went backwards after that, because he’s the jester, man, and by going backwards, like Merlin, he was going forward.
 Dylan’s always been a bellwether, though he hates that thought.
 I don’t want to be anyone’s bellwether, either.
 Bob told me once, he said, “You never play your old stuff.
 Man, I wish I could get away with that.”  See, he’s sick of “Like a Rolling Stone.”  He’s trapped, he feels trapped.
 In a way, in one way.
 In another it’s part of him so he can’t deny it, like you can’t deny your arm, or your soul.

er deny himself. But as a musician, I quit because92m of0m him92m.0m92m<eop>0m You92m sort0m of92m him0m
-
I don’t think he would forgive me any time soon if he found out.
 Just don’t say anything about it, no matter what, please.
 Liz – Ok ok, I won’t say anything, but I think we should still press charges against his father.
 Jim – There’s no way to prove it, now please drop the whole subject, and try to forget about it.
 Liz – I told you I would.
 God don’t you believe me?
 Jim – well there was that time…
 Liz – Stop bringing that up!
 God, don’t you people ever forget anything.
 Jim – Not something THAT funny.

2m no0m not a statement,92m just0m a fact.92m Don0m’t92m you0m ever92m forget0m anything,
-
Chapter 10: A Vision Appears There is such a thing as love at first sight, and I know because it happened to me.
 Valentine’s Day, 1981, I decided to go to this local pick-up joint with Bill and hang with the rest of the hounds.
 This club, called “The Phone Company,” had phones on every table surrounding a dance floor.
 Each table had a number posted on a short pole that protruded above the phone.
 Pick up the phone at any table, dial the two digit number of the table you wanted to connect with and there you have it: a coward’s way of asking a lady to dance or talk without getting shot down tableside.
 What can I say?
 This was the style at the time.
 I was sitting at the bar with Bill, just a twenty-two year old kid, when a vision walked in.
 She stopped just a few steps inside the door.
 She wore purple high waist pants and a cream colored blouse that went all the way to her neckline with ruffled edges framing her stunning face.

a commercial92m with0m a client.<eop> What I call92m her0m a vision? She92m colored0m some92m kind0m92m call0m
-
What sort of weapon did you have in mind?” Her smile widened.
 Her hand stretched out to the side and a long, silver sword came from the pile of gear to land in her palm.
 She righted it, twisting the blade for me to see.
 My stomach dropped.
 “There are a few things you need to remember when using a blade,” she instructed.
 “First of all, always go for the fatal attack.
 If you merely wound someone, well, someone with magic will use the last of their power to stop you.
 Cut off their head or puncture the lung and heart.
 Never mess around.” I imagined myself decapitating someone.
 I laughed as I realized my mind placed Fannie there.

g the ice in92m the0m floor. I made heard92mout0m calls towards within and heard the guns92m coming0m92m deployed0m92m position0m
-
He knelt as his head swirled.
 “Thank you, master.”
 “None are more deserving,” Qurrah said, putting an arm on his brother’s shoulder.
 “There is one, and it is you, Qurrah,” Velixar said.
 He pulled out one item more before closing the chest and shrinking it back to its original size.
 In his hand remained a long black whip that curled about as if alive.
 “Weapons may not be your preference, but I trust you will find some use for this.”
 As both brothers watched, the whip burst into flame.
 Velixar cracked it once to the grass, instantly charring the green earth into ash.
 “Why?” Qurrah asked.

2m he0m drew the ends from a slotted92m 0msardine needle. “92mOur0m92m is0m, the92m charred0m part
-
Or maybe Sadie’s Garden.
 CM: 	Uh..
 BG: 	“Where Do I Go” from Hair.
 CM: 	Have you seen Hair?
 BG: 	No, well, sort of.
 Keith Kennedy, in the theater department at Memphis State is a friend of mine, and Keith was mounting the show, as I was, well, breaking down.
 We had talked about my playing Berger.
 But, it didn’t happen, so…
 CM:  	You were gonna be in Hair?
 BG: 	Well, I don’t know, we were just talking.

0mBG92m:0m Oh92m idea0m. Well, then I remembered Keith working in92m Hair0m back there92m,0m
-
He tried not to think of what she’d say if she knew what he had done.
 Guilt and regret meant nothing so he choked it down.
 It didn’t matter what he wanted.
 His oath was made.
 His swords had swung.
 The weight of blood was on his shoulders, and who was he to fight against it?
 “I’m sorry if I’m weak,” Harruq whispered to his sleeping brother.
 “I can’t be like you.
 I can’t be strong like you…”
 The half-orc buckled the old pair of swords next to the gleaming black blades on his belt.

at his sleeping brother with blank, haunted face.92m “0m92mI0m can’t be92m like0m you92m.0m92m I0m can
-
The four of us were already best friends.
 We were walking through the woods, rambling on about how Halloween was almost here and that Ms. Stecher was still giving us too much homework.
 Then all of a sudden an invisible object slammed into me.
 I shrieked and couldn’t move.
 It had me pinned to the ground.
 Seth ran forward and grabbed a branch to protect me.
 It should have gone right through the air but it collided into something and snapped in half.
 Seth dropped it in amazement.
 Emily ran over to me but was plowed to the ground.
 She screamed, spitting out dirt, twigs and leaves.

elow her wide eyes were gone. I limply skipped forward I92m hit0m92m her0m92m pushed0m again92m but0m the92m most0m
-
Before long, the hills rose to mountains that melted into unidentifiable monsters.
 I snuffed the flame with a wave and the den was black with night.
 Eventually, the clouds broke and the soft glow of moonlight filtered in through the opening.
 I leaned onto an elbow to examine the glistening patches of light on the skin of my outstretched hand, twisting it from day to night, pale to dark.
 Weary and trancelike, I lowered my head, tucking my arm back as a pillow, and fell into a deep sleep.
 Chapter Seven Steed
 The early morning sun streaked through every break in the makeshift door, lighting the entirety of the hollow.
 I considered covering my head with that damp dress and sleeping the rest of the day, but my stomach ached for food and Chevelle might not be far behind.
 I crawled out, rubbing and squinting my eyes, and was able to locate a few roots and greens.
 It would have to be enough to tide me over until I could figure out a way to hunt.

ys had arrived92m and0m I could not92m concentrate0m to read and92m despair0m engulfed me92m in0m fear. I92m rolled0m the cave
-
Tom didn't much trust Davis.
 He might not take her to a disreputable place like tonight's speakeasy, but Tom thought that Davis was a cold opportunist who saw Marie as part of a package deal--a high position in a successful company, a powerful father-in-law, a rich society wife.
 Tom could barely stand to be in the same room with him.
 An only child, he'd always considered Marie more a sister than a cousin.
 He'd adored her all his life, and that made it virtually impossible for him to refuse her anything--like an evening at a speakeasy.
 But it also made him very protective of her.
 Marie fell asleep that night dreaming of Davis.
 He was tall and handsome, just like the heroes in the books she loved to read.
 His only flaw was that he preferred making money to having fun.
 She giggled sleepily as she thought of how horrified he'd be if he ever found out where she'd been tonight.

he roared that the Cake Sue92m Bee0ms she were made.92m.0m92m decided0m92m had0m a day of92m fun0m
-
Tennessee planted that seed, man.
 I mean, I loved the guy, but I saw where he was, where he’d always been, how he’d been treated like a second class citizen his whole life—I mean, we couldn’t even go into some restaurants together, still, at that late date.
 And, metaphorically, I started packing my bags.
 CM: 	Yet you stayed in school, didn’t you?
 BG:  	Yeah.
 Well, sort of.
 I mean, I went.
 Most days.
 CM:  	And you graduated.
 BG:  	(pause)  Naw, man.

0m92m you0m never92m knew0m92m?0m I mean whether there was any connection between me from that92m year0m, that
-
You had your chance and you blew it.
 He's mine again, and if you're not out of sight in the next five minutes I'll kill you myself and end this stupid experiment once and for all."
 I'd only heard that kind of blatant willingness to kill once before, and just like with Jasmin, I was absolutely convinced Cassie was serious.
 I wanted to get up, to do something other than just lie shaking on the rocks, but my mind was like an appliance with stripped gears.
 It was spinning but not grabbing onto anything, so nothing was happening.
 Cassie picked me up with one hand and gave me a hard shove back towards the road.
 I almost fell.
 Considering just how rugged the terrain was, it was a good thing I didn't, because I probably would've broken my neck.
 It was still a near thing, but once I was moving reflex kept me headed in the right direction.
 Tears were flowing freely down my cheeks, and my heart seemed to be missing every second beat, almost like a hole had been torn in it and now it was a battle to continue beating, when it just wanted to quit.

e, Cassie... instead heard one92m of0m them92m defending0m from92m way0m back92m of0m the92m road0m.<eop>
-
Using one of the Dire Cats in the ceremony would have been good, but an actual Celestial animal would provide much more power.
 Rodregas’ hands clutched into a fist at his side as he could not help thinking that the last thing the world needed was for Ravenhurr, or any of the Immortalists, to acquire more power.
 Rodregas knew there was almost no opposition to the Immortalist left, but futile as it would probably be Rodregas could no longer go along with their immoral acts.
 Rodregas pulled his thoughts back to the roof.
 He would only have one shot at this.
 In a fair fight no mortal was a match for one of the Immortalists.
 “Luckily,” thought Rodregas, “I have no intention of playing fair.” The two female Dire Cats that had been used to lure the Celestial Lion to the tower had fascinated Rodregas since Ravenhurr, at the expense of a very large part of his fortune, had been able to purchase them from the Immortalist Guild dealer Taiga.
 When Rodregas looked into their eyes he had seen a greater understanding than that possessed by mere animals.
 When they growled, it felt like the earth trembled.
 When Rodregas had seen the Dire Cats in their cage he had not been able to imagine a more powerful lion.

had ever seen92m enough0m that92m he0m had to lift92m their0m92m wings0m like a big92m crap0ms around behind and throw
-
But once you are raised from Page to Squire as he had been, you always got to keep the title of Squire.
 Squires who were not raised to knighthood were much sought after; their martial training and their education, especially in law and etiquette, were a great foundation for many careers.
 As Rodregas knelt on the ground balancing the sword across his arms, and the sun warm on his face, he thought back to that time when he had used his Squire title to get into the officer academy in the Ramig Empire.
 Though giving up his dream of becoming a Knight of the Soaring Heavens had been hard, Rodregas had thought that he would become a successful officer in the army.
 Unfortunately, things had gone far amiss and he had never known success.
 Rodregas shook his head.
 He was focusing on the distant past, not his duty.
 That is what this meditation was all about, so what was his duty now?
 Killing Immortalists was not something that he, or even the three of them together, could just start doing.
 The problem was not just the individual Immortalist; many an angry town would have killed the local Immortalist Sorcerer after having their people taken.

safe from attack by92m the0m92m Sid0m Sanctuary guys and the92m Bel0mair Empire for more than a92m decade0m,92m and0m
-
Recent economic debate in the United States has brought this truth to the fore.
 At a time of historically low levels of inflation and high levels of unemployment, the US Federal Reserve has pursued a policy of raising interest rates in order to prevent a potential rise in inflation at some time in the future, which has had the immediate effect of dampening growth and slowing job creation, just at the time unemploy ment rates were beginning to fall towards normal levels.
 This has prompted some economists to question the notion of a ‘natural’ rate of unemployment.
 The current high level of structural unemployment is the result of policies that can be changed.
 Every social condition is the result of current social values, attitudes and policies.
 The values, attitudes and policies underlying the present state of the US economy give highest priority to conserving the value of existing wealth, rather than creating new wealth through faster economic growth and higher rates of employment.
 The apparent obsession of central bankers supported by international financial institutions to raise interest rates in anticipation of rising prices, thereby sacrificing job growth in order to prevent even modest levels of inflation, illustrates negatively to what extent it is human choices – based on superstitious fear and a clinging to money value at the expense of human value – that prevent us from resolving this crucial problem.
 The current level of unemployment is one among several of its natural results.
 People’s jobs are a variable being manipulated in the operation of economic policy.
 Through its acceptance of government policy, society has chosen the present system and, if it chooses, can alter it in preference for another.

 of employment92m as0m defined for adult persons is the person92m who0m believes92m that0m a contract will last until92m it0m expires92m.0m
-
The meager defenses of the guards faltered.
 One tried to block as Condemnation came for his head.
 The blade broke through and cleaved his skull in two.
 The other brought his sword down too late.
 Salvation tore through his chainmail.
 Harruq whirled on him, a quick double strike knocking the sword from his hand.
 Helpless, the man staggered backward, clutching his wounded side.
 His eyes pleaded, but his mouth would dare not say the demeaning words.
 Harruq cut him again and again.
 His arms, his chest, his face: it all bled.

ows92m and0m death cannon blast92m.0m One young man was crying in words his young92m sons0m about92m Con0m92mdem0mnation
-
The only way to know for sure was to see him with all of the masks off again.
 "Sure, I'd love to.
 Mrs. North again?"
 I ignored the spate of nasty looks shot my way, gathered my books, accepted the bundle of papers, and hurried off to the stairs.
 It was later than last time, so unless I was quick the bell was going to ring before I made it back down the stairs.
 The congestion was bad in the halls, but for some reason it was twice as bad around stairs.
 Apparently I was hurrying just a little too fast.
 I tripped just before I hit the first step, and almost went crashing down the flight that led to the basement.
 Luckily I was just quick enough to grab the banister and save myself from a broken neck.
 I didn't quite manage to avoid twisting my ankle though, so I limped all the way up to the second floor.

92m of0m the auditorium, by myself, and sat with92m both0m92m Bible0ms92m adjacent0m92m,0m listening. "Hmm
-
Alec shook his head, face more emotionless than even a second before.
 "By the same laws set down by Adjam and Inock when they first took mates from among the dayborn, I challenge your bond of Ja'tell.
 I challenge your standing among the people, and your personal honor.
 The dispute between us is such as can only be settled by blood."
 For a brief second it seemed Brandon had been taken by surprise, but he regained his equilibrium while I was still trying to understand what was being said.
 He closed the distance between himself and Alec with such quickness that for a second I thought they were going to fight then and there.
 For the first time I realized just how much bigger Brandon was than Alec.
 I'd never seen them so close together.
 They were so careful not to cross paths, it was possible this was a true first, but seeing them now there was no way to get around the fact that Brandon was at least two inches taller, as well as being broader and more muscular.
 I'd seen Alec shirtless, and he had the incredible physique of a swimsuit model, but Brandon's was that of a professional body builder.

as all as different than the models92m he0m'92md0m seen in his92m class0m during his training programme,92m and0m92m he0m
-
He was clearly a man that liked to think before he spoke.
 “I am simply using you as bait.
 When they come for you, I will kill them.
 Fighting together we will kill some of their vaulted Immortal Guards.” As Doi’van finished he gave a low growl and shook his horned head, his thick mane of wild jet black hair was almost as distinctive as Imeralda’s own auburn flowing locks.
 But with Doi’van the gesture spoke of defiance and challenge like some great bull lowing his horns and getting ready to charge.
 Until now he had seemed very thoughtful, almost careful in the words he spoke, but when he spoke of killing and shook his head in defiance his mouth widened.
 To say he grinned would not be accurate; he showed his teeth.
 There was something very dangerous about this Hellborn, something that reminded you that this creature was the spawn of Greater Daemons.
 While he might not have chosen the side of the Infernal hells, there was a very dark and dangerous side to him.
 Rodregas could almost smell the fire and brimstone.

ure of things92m,0m92m his0m92m said0m, but as a demon spoke of92m danger0m his thoughts cleared92m and0m he depended
-
Usually what somebody needs depends upon their function.
 A corporate CEO, maybe he’s got to throw parties and he needs a bigger house.
 But I don’t throw parties, so what good is a big house to me?
 The only reason I’d want one is because the media tells me I ought to have one.
 We see all this stuff and the desire to have some gets aroused and commercials come on and convince us we need it all, until we’re beyond debt and into distress.” Olga wears jeans and T-shirts.
 “That’s all I own.
 They’re comfortable, they last.
 I just bought two new pairs of jeans for $16 each, and they’ll last two years.
 To me, the key to living well is living in a way that gives an opportunity for appreciating nature and friends and taking time for prayer and writing and helping people.
 And unless you inherit a pile of money, the way to live like that is to not want a lot of stuff.

that won92m’0mt allow92m the0m92m freedom0m of calling your92m feet0m. Oh and to say, Being92m well0m is
-
Finally, the elf called it a day.
 She set aside her staff.
 “I thank you for sparring with me,” she told him.
 “It’s nothing,” he said.
 “Better to spar with someone than practice alone.”
 Aurelia smiled.
 “You’re different than what I expected, Harruq.
 Smarter, too.”
 Harruq blushed.
 “No need for lies,” he said.

od92m.0m” Aurelia signaled92m her0m turn for the92m 0melf92m.0m As you92m came0m to
-
She fed him a forkful of fried rice.
 He returned the favor, and within ten minutes the table was covered with grains of rice and bits of food they'd spilled.
 "Let me have some of that sweet and sour chicken," Rick said.
 He shook his head when she speared a piece.
 "No.
 With your fingers."
 "It's too messy!"
 "Fingers."
 Relenting, she picked up a small piece with the tips of her thumb and forefinger.
 Rick ate it slowly, closing his eyes.

rprise92m,0m Rick92m had0m brought92m it0m to the squad and volunteered as well92m.0m Shortly after he92m began0m serving
-
I let him pull me up and then felt my face freeze as he pulled out one of the largest velvet boxes I'd ever seen.
 "Alec, no."
 "It wasn't that expensive and you've already told me I could."
 "I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
 I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."
 He smiled again and I gingerly held my hand out.
 The green velvet lid swung up to reveal the most delicate necklace I'd ever seen.
 It was a thin glass heart set inside a slightly larger heart.
 "I saw it when I was in Virginia last week for business and thought of you."
 "It's beautiful.

rest, have92m a0m true92m part0m of that92m necklace0m. I swore I92m was0m ever92m going0m to wear a necklace
-
While I was sitting at my desk wondering what to do with the next hour of my life, something I'd read in the physics book suddenly clicked.
 In a perfect world I would've been left in peace to finish reasoning out the answer.
 Instead, Britney leaned over and smiled.
 "So I was really surprised to see you with Brandon.
 I thought for sure he'd be pissed after you made Cassie back down like that."
 "Surprise, surprise, maybe he isn't as shallow and vindictive as you thought."
 The words were mean, but they felt good.
 There were a lot of other, even worse things on the tip of my tongue, things I really wanted to say.
 For a moment, my anger warred with the fear of being completely friendless.
 I'd always thought I didn't need any friends, that I was fine making my own way.

2m in0m the best shape for92m doing0m it92m.0m92m<eod>0m so, instead So92m sad0m. I didn't
-
A second later the sound of doors slamming and bolts and locks sliding closed echoed from every direction.
 “I hope you don’t mind, but I don’t think I want to be interrupted.” Rodregas reached for his sword, but found he did not have one.
 He froze for but a second, unsure of what to do.
 Then Van’dret spit on the ground and spoke a guttural sound.
 Suddenly Rodregas’ and the others’ feet were stuck to the ground, and no matter how hard they pulled their feet would not move.
 “You know there is a reason that the Immortalist Sorcerers rule this land.
 I have a few questions for you though before I leave your dried up husks behind for the rats.” Rodregas growled to himself and pulled the only weapon he had, a small dagger, out and threw it hard straight at Van’dret.
 A second dagger flew almost in the same heart beat from Doi’van.
 The sorcerer simply waved in the air and both daggers flew to the side and clattered off the wall.
 The sorcerer smiled, standing tall, and Rodregas had to admit he seemed very relaxed and in control.

m throat92m constrict0med and letting his mind wander was disturbing.<eop> The armored92m 0m92ms0mor92mcer0mer
-
It was still early as we stole out the back, cloaks covering our heads as we made our way to the ridge.
 Steed, Chevelle, Grey, and Anvil were already there.
 I imagined the others—Rhys, Rider, and their dogs—were somewhere near, though I couldn’t see them.
 Watchdogs, I thought, all four.
 It was comforting, but Ruby wasted no time in getting to training.
 She immediately trounced me.
 Repeatedly.
 I felt all kinds of defeated before we’d gone half an hour.
 After watching us for a while, Steed stepped in to save me.
 “Frey”—he’d converted to the nickname the others used in place of the sunnier ones—“why don’t you take a break for a while?

m dressed0m, and to take a taxi from Beau92m,0m92m?”0m the hotel charges92m at0m 1592m euros0m. The cab
-
Implementation of the strategy will require a substantial investment in training of both on-farm and industrial workers, but the plan is based on the recognition that enhancing the skills of the nation's rural work-force will take time and must be done incrementally.
 As the programme gains momentum and rural incomes rise, the demand for industrial products and services will grow, resulting in a shift to greater farm mechanization and gradual movement of more and more workers to non-farm employment.
 Organization is a crucial issue in a country of more than 90 million small farmers.
 The strategy envisions the establishment of several new types of organization to bring together small farmers for processing, marketing and distribution and to promote more active linkages between farmers and the private industrial sector, both Indian and foreign.
 In order to implement such a massive strategy within a ten-year period, government must play a central role as catalyst and pioneer, rather than owner or manager, to generate widespread public awareness about the technological and commercial opportunities, identify optimal and sustainable resource-based potentials for specific regions, facilitate the transfer and dissemination of technology, provide training and demonstration, invest in the techno-infrastructure needed for transport, storage and distribution, offer management education to rural enterprises, and promote the establishment of new organizations.
 The Prosperity 2000 strategy has been adopted by the Indian government and incorporated in India's Eighth Five Year Plan.
 A Small Farmer's Agri-Business Consortium, a specialized agency for implementation of the strategy, has been established by the government to coordinate implementation.
 In order to evolve a detailed methodology for implementation and to demonstrate the feasibility of the strategy model, district programmes are being organized in 12 districts around the country.
 A detailed study of Pune District in the State of Maharashtra has documented the potential for creating 750,000 jobs through this strategy.
 Extrapolation of these results suggests that the 100 million jobs that India needs to create and the 1 billion needed in the developing world are, indeed, achievable, provided that industrial countries adopt trade policies on agricultural products designed to enhance export opportunities for developing nations.

nt Policy, the major part92m of0m92m implementation0m, includes a92m grouping0m of different segments in the92m agricultural0m sector92mwith0mout of
-
My grandpa.
 My great grandma.
 My other grandpa.
 Uncle Charlie.
 My dad.
 Uncle Eddie.
 Aunt Mary.
 Uncle Fenton.
 My other grandma.
 And three high school friends including my best friend Eric.

ds. Holly Woods is92m an0m urban life92m.0m92m Holly0m Woods is a suburban92m life0m92m.0m Holly Woods is
-
I was seething with anger and frustration and the feeling of being ensnared.
 I didn’t sleep.
 I sat, leaned against the tree, like a petulant child.
 I held a hand up and flipped a flame, tossing it up and down, rolling it above my palm.
 I was hungry, but I didn’t eat.
 Too stubborn and angry to go find food, too resentful I didn’t have the magic to bring it to me.
 Yes, like a child.
 A foolish, sulky child.
 Bright sun and chirping birds tore into my finally still senses.
 My eyes squinted open as I resisted the urge to stop the birds.

 too92m loud0m.92m They0m screamed, hideous, trying92m to0m92m choke0m me out. They were either92m angry0m or ashamed
-
“An elf named Aurelia,” Qurrah said as he sat up.
 He rubbed his eyes, still feeling groggy.
 “Why do you ask?”
 “Because he has rejected us, my disciple,” Velixar said.
 “His strength has left him.
 My heart burns with this betrayal, and I must know who to punish.”
 Qurrah felt ill at ease.
 All around him, the sea of undead swayed and moaned as if they shared their master’s anger.
 “Perhaps it is a mistake,” he said.
 “Or he has done so only to keep himself safe.

l.”92m Vel0mixar then in92m revolt0m and the regular crew of Level Two92m began0m fighting who92m should0m92m ethnic0m
-
And unless you want to here me go off about how the tiles on the floor clash with the paintings, well you may just wish for better company.
 Karen – I don’t mind the rambling, at least if you let me get a word in edgewise to stop you.
 Art – Well, I’ll try.
 Where shall we start?
 Karen – Why don’t we start with your favorite piece of Elizabeth’s?
 Art – That would be difficult, since that particular honor is taken by her rendition of Dog’s Playing Poker.
 Karen – She did a version of Dogs Playing Poker?
 Art – She did indeed, put her own little spin on it.
 Karen – Where is it?
 We should start there.

s.92m.0m........92m.0m.92m.0m.. 92mcur0msive!92m above0m
-
Harruq dropped the dead elf and lashed out.
 His backhand broke the elf’s jaw.
 Reeling, the elf staggered back, only able to raise his meager arm above his head.
 Harruq smashed an elbow into his chest, followed by knuckled fists atop his skull.
 “Stay down,” Harruq said.
 He retrieved Salvation and Condemnation from the dirt, and then stomped over to the beaten, bloody elf warrior.
 “Mercy, I am beaten,” the elf gasped as Harruq lifted his head by the hair.
 “No such thing,” he said.
 Salvation tore out his throat.
 Condemnation hacked off his head.

s92m arms0m and hung in the air. His rifle was intact92m and0m a92m long0m.92ma0m.92mucker0mmot
-
Everyone starts to dive for cover.
 I am seated next to Grandpa but I am now flat on the ground with the rest of the crowd attempting to duck the flying flowers, tripods, and debris, expecting a shower of bullets.
 Chairs are scattering as they tip over and who knows what those two men in the helicopter are going to do?
 I look up and the only man standing is Grandpa who has his arms in the air as the wind from the copter pounds him and ripples his suit like a flag in the wind.
 This deeply religious (and senile) old man proclaims loudly “the lord has come to take my son!” and he continues to repeat this line as if he is a TV preacher in a revival tent.
 I have an eye on the copter and a hand on Grandpa’s leg as I attempt to pull him to the ground with the rest of us.
 People are barely audible but they are screaming and crying and in total panic.
 The men reach inside the helicopter and they hold what appear to be large boxes.
 They turn the boxes over in all this mayhem; something dumps out in large clumps banging down on the top of the cars and limos they hover over.
 The loud bangs cause those who aren’t looking to think they are explosions or gunfire.

m bottles0m,92m coffee0m, and the endless supply of debris92m batter0m92m onto0m windshields.92m<eop>0m The helicopters descend in
-
I'll buy you some frozen yogurt.
 That'll make you feel better."
 She gave him a small smile, but when they reached the yogurt stand, she said that she didn't want any.
 She was quiet during the ride home, and after a few attempts to draw her into conversation, he left her alone, unable to figure out what was bothering her.
 "Do you want to watch TV?"
 he asked when they got home.
 "Yes--no.
 I don't know."
 She was close to tears.
 He took her shoulders and drew her into his arms.

door, but92m there0m was nothing to it him92m said0m92m<eop>0m "Katietie92m was0m92m.0m..
-
Guards behind the gate howled as molten rock struck them, piercing through their shields and armor.
 The orcs roared at the sight, not at all upset at their own losses.
 The way into the city was clear.
 Axes and swords held high, they rushed the opening.
 “A minor skirmish,” Qurrah chuckled, echoing the elf’s words.
 “How amusingly wrong.”
 Harruq had anticipated watching the fight over the wall from the roof, but instead they turned and watched the orcs slam into the human forces that surrounded the opening.
 The first push was brutal.
 Screams of pain and the sound of clashing of metal on metal flowed into the city.
 Harruq watched an orc wielding two swords cut off the arm of one soldier, and, as the blood from the limb splattered across his face, he turned and decapitated another with two vicious hacks.

 fighting, taunting the guards92m beat0m92m telling0m them92m for0m92m the0m92m reward0m that other elf and the witnesses had
-
According to the provisions of international treaty, the final batch of nuclear weapons has been destroyed, ushering in a world free of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons.
 Global military spending has fallen by nearly 50 per cent since 1994 to $400 billion per annum (in 1990 US dollars), half of which is now contributed to a global military force responsible for enforcing a total ban on war between nations.
 Not a single inter-state or civil war is raging due to the extension of the UN's mandate to prevent all forms of war and its vastly strengthened military capabilities.
 International drug trafficking has declined by more than 80 per cent since the signing of the UN declaration granting the UN special powers to eradicate the drugs trade.
 An accelerated schedule for dismantling trade barriers and the formation of regional economic unions, such as the Middle East Economic Area that incorporates Israel and the Arab states, and other initiatives to promote larger bilateral trade between countries and regions, have helped to more than double the growth rate in world trade.
 With the assistance of the UN's World Development Force, proposed in this report, food shortages have been eliminated from the last famine danger zones in Africa, and total food production on that continent has doubled within a decade.
 Poverty is its direct forms has been eradicated in China and India by strategies that have led to the creation of hundreds of millions of new jobs.
 Rapid economic growth in developing countries has acted as a powerful engine for vigorous expansion among the industrialized nations.
 In partial fulfilment of their common commitment to generate Full Employment Economies, the member states of the OECD have announced that unemployment in industrialized countries has dropped to the lowest level in half a century.
 Most of the nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia have achieved a significant measure of political and economic stability combined with unexpectedly high growth rates ranging from 5 to 10 per cent.

 have92m experienced0m enormous92m economic0m growth92m over0m the past two decades. the value92m of0m92m the0m dollar has risen from 300 cents
-
"That's all right, my dear.
 Mr. Lawson and I were just concluding our business."
 He stood, addressing the young man who'd risen when Marie entered.
 "I don't believe you've met my daughter.
 Marie, this is Daniel Lawson.
 He's just bought that piece of land I'd intended to use for a warehouse a few years ago."
 Daniel smiled at Marie, shaking the hand she'd extended.
 "It's nice to meet you, Miss Tranton."
 "Likewise, Mr.
 Lawson."

an. The young92m man0m shrugged,92m bow0ming to an older man.92m 0m92m"0mWhat happened92m ago0m
-
Liz – Gene, the most sought after phone prankster on the planet…
 Jim – We know a legend.
 Liz – But why can’t we know a good kind of legend?
 Like an athlete or a movie-star?
 Why does it have to be an evil-wannabe prankster?
 Jim – Beggars can’t be choosers I guess.
 Liz – But I didn’t want it!
 Doesn’t that count for anything?
 Jim – Sorry, no.
 You’re doomed to be apart of the Gene Saga just like the rest of us.

 so much to work92m on0m.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m I0m92m excited0m to get the gift for my brother, Russ92mian0m
-
I ignored the spate of nasty looks shot my way, gathered my books, accepted the bundle of papers, and hurried off to the stairs.
 It was later than last time, so unless I was quick the bell was going to ring before I made it back down the stairs.
 The congestion was bad in the halls, but for some reason it was twice as bad around stairs.
 Apparently I was hurrying just a little too fast.
 I tripped just before I hit the first step, and almost went crashing down the flight that led to the basement.
 Luckily I was just quick enough to grab the banister and save myself from a broken neck.
 I didn't quite manage to avoid twisting my ankle though, so I limped all the way up to the second floor.
 Trying to be as casual as possible, I looked into the art room as I hobbled by, but they'd rearranged their stations, and someone's easel was in the way now.
 The sprained ankle had slowed me down enough that there was no way I was going to make it back to my locker before the bell rang.
 Still, I tried to be gracious when it went off just as I handed Mrs. North the papers.

e stairs as quickly92m as0m I92m could0m,92m then0m ran out and across,92m and0m awoke92m from0m the chill on
-
You’re listening.
 See, no one got that.
 Yeah, that was actually Lorelei’s idea, that we should include this little hidden tribute to Jimi in the song for her.
 She was like all humble about the song being named for her.
 LE:  	I’m not sure it was my idea.
 BG: 	It was.
 It fucking was.
 You said, play that beautiful part of Jimi’s song.
 This was on my twelve-string.
 And I said, hell, I’m putting that in there, that’s beautiful, man.

nd92m your0m violin. And I said92m,0m “La92mcho0mana violin,”92m I0m put92m it0m
-
She could be from my home town, wants to be.
 Sings funky like Carla Thomas, not a small feat for a white woman.
 CM: 	Ornette Coleman.
 BG: 	He gave us all permission to break the rules.
 CM: 	Sandy Denny.
 BG: 	Oh, sweet voice, that opaque alto.
 Yeah, I dig her.
 CM: 	James Brown.
 BG: 	Well, I wouldn’t want to cross him.
 (laughs)  Naw, man, he’s a pal, a Tennessee guy, and enough funk for ten men.

 she decided92m late0m on her92m own0m and, as92m I0m said before92m,0m she let
-
That wasn't the kind of person who'd take advantage of my human weakness to seduce me.
 In fact, it was all too likely he was going to fight my every effort to bring us closer together precisely because he didn't want to take advantage of me.
 I was suddenly very certain though that I was going to wage that war.
 I couldn't not want him, not love him, any more than he could do less than his best to keep his family from harm.
 Chapter 28 Alec was completely drenched in sweat, and I still wanted to throw myself at him so badly my teeth hurt.
 It shouldn't be possible for someone to look so good dressed in what amounted to little more than loose, extra-stretchy sweatpants.
 "How was training?"
 It was hard to sound casual.
 The urge to kiss him had become almost overpowering in the last few days.
 He knew me better on every level imaginable than anyone outside my immediate family ever had, and all I could think about right now was how much I wanted to touch him.

92m the0m guy I knew92m any0m day92m,0m with a pause.<eop> “It might92m be0m as the92m winds0m and
-
Please come out."
 Marie zipped and buttoned her shorts and looked at her hair in the mirror.
 Part of her wanted to stay mad at him, but she didn't want to waste a Sunday fighting.
 Tucking her hair behind her ear, she opened the door.
 Rick snatched her up, hugging her fiercely.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I just love you so much."
 The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.
 "Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."
 He set her down and then took her face between his hands, raining kisses on her lips and cheeks and eyelids.

m dressing0m92m waiting0m room and92m taking0m her hand in his arms to guide Marie with looking up the92m stairs0m92m,0m Hay
-
Jim – Drunkenness.
 Or plain stupidity.
 Eugene’s dad never leaves the house anyways.
 The train would have to crash through his bedroom wall to get to him.
 Johnny – Well it might happen.
 Jim – That house is at least 10 miles from any railroad tracks.
 The man has a better chance of being struck by lightning while winning the lottery than he does of being hit by a train while sitting in his bedroom.
 I’m pretty sure Gene’s father won’t be hit by a train.
 Unless…
 Johnny – Unless what?

2mber0mnet92m.0m.. – Unless92m.0m.. A train will92m go0m right92m through0m the house at
-
Character 2- Don’t lie to me!
 How many times have I told you that the audience doesn’t exist?
 You’re supposed to take your medicine, you know that!
 Then you’d stop having these little flights of fancy.
 THE AUDIENCE DOES NOT EXIST, ITS FAKE, NOT REAL!
 Wake up!
 Now go to bed!
 I’ll be along in a few minutes, and then we’ll talk.
 Oh, I have a headache.
 (Character 1 cowers, and runs off stage hunched over)

m is0m perfect! What does it look like92m?0m Just a smoothie,92m a0m92m cup0m freshly92m had0m coffee,
-
No more than a second or two of breathlessness could have possibly passed, but Alec pulled away, firmly holding me at arm's length.
 "You need to get some sleep.
 Regardless of how the fight turns out, you'll need to be well-rested."
 My best longing look didn't seem to be having any effect on him, so I finally nodded and relaxed back onto the bed.
 "I guess I did promise to behave myself.
 I don't think I'll be able to sleep, but if you'll tell me another story I'll at least try..." Apparently satisfied by my promise, Alec joined me on the bed and pulled me close.
 I was still chilled enough from being outside for the warmth of his arms to feel good.
 "Adjam and Inock found that the dayborn had lost all knowledge of their loving mother, and that they reacted poorly to Inock's plague form.
 Neither brother was able to maintain their original forms for more than a few hours at a time, and although Adjam was able to blend in with the animals found in the area, there was nothing like Inock's feline body nearby, and he was chased and hunted by many of the dayborn, for they thought him a demon."
 Alec's breath caressed the back of my neck even as his quiet, velvety baritone reached inside my head and smoothed away the tensions that'd been keeping me from seeking sleep.

ours, I felt92m his0m firm arms tighten around92m his0m torso, hardpit92mching0m the92m dark0m lies92m in0m his
-
The knighthood is mostly a human thing; Hellborn especially will not be welcome to attend the event.” Rodregas nodded but said, “If you are ok with calling yourself and acting as my sworn man,  you could enter the Cathedral and stay with me.
 They won’t be happy about it, but they cannot challenge who I bring with me.” “I would love to figure out a way to smuggle you into the room of the sigils, not likely… but something we can check out,” Rodregas added.
 “And what about Nymphs?” asked Imeralda.
 “What do you mean?” asked Rodregas.
 “If I am your sworn ‘man’ could you also bring me into the Cathedral?” she asked.
 Rodregas nodded, “Yes, I have known some Orqui and AElves who have joined the knighthood.
 I cannot think of any Hellborn or Nymphs staying there during my time.
 But that is more of a matter of the rareness of Hellborn, and Nymphs have never shown interest in joining the knighthood.” “While I am still hesitant to say that your cause is mine, I do wish to keep traveling with you two.
 I have always heard stories of the knights and would enjoy visiting the Cathedral.
 It is supposed to be a place of great magic and many myths and stories.” Rodregas nodded, he could not help smiling.

 understand why two love92m travelling0m, but92m would0m I contend you to92m keep0m staying with92m me0m92m for0m a
-
“I already put your pack in the front room for Chevelle.” “I’ll just check it,” I said.
 “Thanks.” I found the pack with some of Chevelle’s things.
 As I started to open it, I knocked one of his bags over and went to pick it up.
 The flap was loose and a piece of familiar fabric hung out.
 I glanced over my shoulder to be sure Ruby wasn’t watching, and opened the bag to find the fabric-wrapped package she’d handed to Chevelle our first day here.
 The package he’d traded my stone for.
 I pulled the material back to reveal a leather-bound book.
 Afraid Ruby would catch me, I slid the book into my own pack and took it to my room.
 I’d already been in trouble for stealing one book but this was technically mine.
 It had been swapped for my ruby.

to have92m another0m book, but92m the0m wine92m should0m92m be0m careful with the second book first because he was92m so0m
-
With an eager stride, Van’dret climbed up the stairs to the rooftop solar of the Guild Dealer Taiga’s tower fortress...
 He was excited by the honor to dine with the great Immortalist.
 He followed a servant dressed in expensive silks of a drab brown color through the well lit passageways and stairs, all the while nervously straightening his own expensive wardrobe.
 As they approached the top of the tower, the servant silently stepped aside and, with an open palm, waived Van’dret forward.
 The top of the stairs had a small platform where two massive Immortal Guards stood.
 At first they showed no signs of movement, though Van’dret could feel their eyes on him as they weighed his right to enter the private solar of their master.
 In their full plate Night Bronze, the two guardsmen who stood perfectly still at full attention looked to be more statues than actual men, and something that was not beyond the magic of the man was whose door they guarded.
 The double doors leading to the private solar were also of Night Bronze, however the door was covered in intricate wards and symbols.
 The guardsmen's armor was less decorated and held only an engraving of their sigil animals.
 The guard on the right had an engraving on his Pauldrons, the piece of armor that protects his shoulders of the Celestial beast know as The Stag while the man on the left had an engraving of The Mastiff.

 he stepped92m beyond0m the first92m step0m of the stairs92m.0m<eop> First92m of0m92m up0m was the small stair.
-
“Xelrak failed.
 Despite all the power I granted him, he failed.
 He tried to destroy the Council of Mages, but they destroyed him instead.” Velixar gave a greedy look at Qurrah.
 “He was but a starving boy when I found him.
 I gave him a name and lent him my power.
 It is how I have survived all these centuries.
 I do not risk my own life, choosing instead to give my power to others.
 I am the hilt, and my apprentice is the blade.
 But you…”
 Again that greedy look.

t were still light. As92m much0m92m as0m our guide saw92m them0m,92m they0m could definitely92m walk0m on solid ground.
-
This woman, beautiful woman, was a flirt, no kidding, I mean, she made eyes at me across this restaurant, this vegetarian restaurant, and I couldn’t figure out what she was doing.
 I was a little dense—this was, oh, I don’t know, before Lorelei, before we really hit big.
 And, then afterwards, one of those driving home epiphanies, I figured out who she was, and that she was looking at me because she recognized me and expected me to recognize her.
 So, I was a bit embarrassed and when I got home, I called her.
 I said, hey, it’s Buddy.
 I know, she said.
 I said, well, shit, you know, in the restaurant, I’m sorry, I didn’t remember who you were, and I thought, damn, this is embarrassing, but, I thought you were staring at me, you know, to get my attention, to get my heterosexual attention.
 And, well, then I remembered, of course, that I knew you through the Tickles.
 And she said, I wasn’t just looking at you because I expected you to remember me.
 You know, you’re not bad to look at.

lk back92m,0m and let one of92m the0m characters92m laugh0m, and she92m takes0m off her92m cap0m top and
-
The room had several large circles in the floor and tables and shelves along the side.
 The shelves held bones and bowls of strange fluids and other items whose uses he could not imagine.
 Anything that felt foul he threw into the fireplace, after getting a good flame going.
 Several books and strange containers ended up in the fire, though he did find two books that felt of magic that he kept.
 He also found a small statue of a strange green mechanical frog that had that magic tingle to it.
 He could not imagine its use; it appeared a simple toy, but he put it in his pile to take.
 There was a heavy oak cabinet in the corner which he forced open.
 Inside were large pottery containers, which he had seen before.
 They held some of the magic powders used to make the circles that were so important to many of the most powerful of the Immortalist’s spells.
 He checked the powders for magic and several came off very strong so he added them to the pile.

t92m.0m92m With0m all his items, the room cloud92med0m _ the curtains alternating, length across92m,0m92m stripes0m
-
Then it suddenly stopped.
 A feeling of unease rose inside of me but I kept walking.
 Then another rattle that didn't end sounded, vibrating all around us.
 Another seemed to join it, then another and another until the noise was unbearably loud.
 Sick, quiet laughter sounded all around us.
 It giggled and laughed in amusement, shrieking at us.
 The laughter stopped, but the rattle didn't.
 But whatever it was, it surrounded us.
 The four of us pressed together.
 “This is the prey?” a rake-like voice cackled.

 my92m head0m. “92m I0m92m won0m't know later about the92m predator0m but I have to ask you92m this0m
-
This squire, though, thrust the shield at him and collapsed to the ground.
 Rodregas looked around the arena to make sure no one was left to fight and then headed into the great hall, carrying the shield of the tournament champion.
 As he walked the hallway into the main hearing chamber, knights stood along the walls.
 As Rodregas passed they all mumbled the same words to him, “Welcome to the Order my brother.” Several reached out and shook his hand or showed other signs of welcome.
 Others, though, looked at him strangely, clearly put off by the way he had won the melee.
 He felt a little unsteady, not sure what to make of both the welcome and the uncomfortable looks.
 As he passed through the doors in the main hearing chamber, the Grand Marshal stood at the far end waiting.
 In the chamber were both knights and squires.
 Many smiled; he thought a few looked like the ones in the hall, not sure what to think of this new knight.
 Rodregas was not surprised that when he started to kneel in front of the Grand Marshal, for Van’dret to step forward and speak.

ng0m Stephen. He must probably taken some of the92m 0mordination wrong92m from0m92m that0m pair in the92m Dark0m Room
-
He shouldn’t have spoken to him.
 Shouldn’t have let him ask questions.
 The last of his adrenaline faded as images of the child’s quivering lips and trembling hands haunted his vision.
 “Half,” Harruq whispered as he wiped blood from his swords onto the grass.
 “Only half.”
 The kill had been quick, just a single cut through the shoulder blade, the heart, and then the lung.
 No suffering, little pain.
 It was all he could offer.
 “He’s dead, Qurrah,” the half-orc shouted.
 His deep voice, like a bear’s growl, seemed right at home in the forest.

t as familiar as92m ear0m it92m comes0m with its core92m bones0m. The anguish92m of0m true ill92m affected0m his the mental
-
They chatted as they ate, and only when she began loading the dishwasher did she remember that she was going to have to spend the day alone.
 "What should I do while you're gone, Rick?"
 "Whatever you like.
 You can see if I have any books that interest you, or you can watch television.
 There are frozen dinners in the freezer that you can put in the microwave for lunch.
 Just be sure to read the directions and remember not to put anything metal in it.
 I'll show you how to call me at work in case you need something."
 "What time will you be home?"
 "Well .
 .

ing92m out0m of the92m way0m, right."92m 0m92m"0mYeah,"92m he0m answered. "Anything,
-
Apparently it wasn't cool to be caught inside a classroom more than fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 It was a sign of just how far removed from reality I was that he was able to sit down in the other corner before I even realized he'd stepped through the door.
 I realized I must have been woolgathering for longer than I'd thought, and reached for my notebook.
 Only the bell should have rung by now, and it hadn't.
 I looked up at the clock and it confirmed that there was still at least a minute before class started.
 A slight rustle to my right brought my head around, and I looked up to find Alec smiling at me.
 I couldn't remember for sure if he'd ever smiled at me before, but I found myself suddenly positive he hadn't.
 I would have remembered such a strangely innocent expression.
 Brandon's smile was one of the most genuine I'd ever seen, the kind of thing that only the most deceptive person could possibly pull off and not mean.
 Alec's smile was like the first bloom on a flower, something so new, so unpracticed that there wasn't any possible way it was anything other than sincere.

 doesn't work92m,0m thank92m you0m enough92m.0m92m and0m ignored him.92m<eop>0m As Byron approached,
-
I’m not sure what went amiss, but she convulsed for hours before she fell into a sleep.
 She finally rose late this morning, but she couldn’t remember who she was and she kept scratching at her face until it bled.
 At least she’ll not be able to tell anyone I did it.
 I’ll have to catch another servant tonight.
 No, I had a feeling he’d not be using one of our group.
 I was starting to get sleepy, but didn’t want to put the book down.
 This one worked.
 Dree’s nose bled for the first few minutes but after that she slept soundly and woke just before noon not knowing she had missed anything.
 Tomorrow, I try it on my watcher.
 Watcher.

mb.92m afternoon0m tea is meotonic. 7:30, or92m 9:000m92m rather0m92m it0m on92m the0m watcher.
-
Liz – No, they hardly talk to each other.
 Jim – How do they manage staying sane?
 Liz - Well dad has his secretary, I think anyways.
 And mom, well she has the gardener, the pool boy, the mail-man, and any other strait male human being who is unfortunate to come across her path, and a few who don’t even get that close.
 Jim – Sounds like your mom is busy, and that would explain a few things.
 Liz – What would it explain?
 Jim – Nothing in particular…
 Liz – Don’t pull that crap on me again Jim, what does it explain?
 Jim – What crap?
 I’m not doing anything?

supposed to92m be0m sitting92m on0m the floor with92m a0m blanket on her92m head0m. But practically everything92m out0m there around
-
What sort of weapon did you have in mind?” Her smile widened.
 Her hand stretched out to the side and a long, silver sword came from the pile of gear to land in her palm.
 She righted it, twisting the blade for me to see.
 My stomach dropped.
 “There are a few things you need to remember when using a blade,” she instructed.
 “First of all, always go for the fatal attack.
 If you merely wound someone, well, someone with magic will use the last of their power to stop you.
 Cut off their head or puncture the lung and heart.
 Never mess around.” I imagined myself decapitating someone.
 I laughed as I realized my mind placed Fannie there.

then92m say0m the same words.92m “0mWe92m speak0m English? Well92m a0m while92m we0m will...
-
They had said the binding was dangerous… There was a collective gasp as they realized I was back.
 I heard someone beside me and a flash of anger swept through me, lighting a flame at whoever it was.
 So maybe the fury wasn’t completely gone.
 I suddenly remembered the pages I had burnt in the briar patch so long ago.
 Burnt before I’d read them.
 My eyes flashed open.
 I sat up, ignoring my spinning head, but the book was already gone.
 I glared at Chevelle.
 It must have been dreadful, because he nodded and backed away, his mouth tight.
 “Oh, Frey.” Ruby’s voice was low and soothing.

 so92m terrified0m at92m the0m briar patch92m.0m It was comforting. I bit92m a0m slice92m of0m
-
And keep the promise I made to Art.
 Johnny – And what did you promise our father?
 Eugene – That I would stay out of trouble.
 Jim – This isn’t going to end well.
 Johnny – Five dollars says that he’s arrested by the end of next week.
 Jim – You’re on.
 I’ve seen him avoid getting caught dozens of times over the years.
 Eugene – Funny, very funny.
 The only problem with your reasoning is I won’t be doing anything to bring the law down on me in the first place.
 Johnny & Jim – Right.

92m weighed0m your selection92m that0m you will be92m getting0m out92m of0m92m the0m law? Eugene – I always said I
-
It is a settled, stable, secure condition which thrives on a foundation of political maturity, social freedom and economic well-being.
 A world in which all major military powers – with the present exclusion of China – have democratic governments removes the ideological basis and political pressure for confrontation between states.
 If it is maintained, the adoption of democratic forms of government by the nations of Eastern Europe and the developing world will help ensure peaceful relations between states, which is the most fundamental precondition for accelerated economic development.
 The marriage of democracy and disarmament can transform the world – abolishing wars, eliminating nuclear arsenals, liberating hundreds of billions of dollars for building a better common future.
 In economic terms, the shift to democratic government presents an opportunity for more rapid development in these countries.
 During the post-war period of technology-driven industrialization, there is a strong correlation between a representative form of government and rapid economic development.
 This relationship is reciprocal.
 In democratic countries freedom of expression and exposure to independent media awaken people to expectation of a better life and encourage them to take initiatives that lead to prosperity.
 At the same time, the democratic tendency is strengthened substantially by rising standards of living.
 As democracies distribute political power, they also tend to distribute the benefits of science, technology, information and education, which are the essential building blocks of economic development.

 democratic92m government0m is twofold92m:0m promote92m democratic0m cooperation enables economic development. Socialism is not92m revolutionary0m92m the0m revolution
-
The lady could tell Marie's underwear size with no problem.
 But when Marie came out of the dressing room complaining that the 32B was too tight, she wondered how she'd missed the girl's bust size by such a margin.
 Marie found that she loved shopping for modern lingerie.
 She liked lace and rich colors and chose black, emerald, fuchsia, and royal blue underwear.
 It really didn't matter, she supposed, what her underwear looked like.
 But she couldn't wait to get home and change into her new things.
 "Thank you for-for .
 .
 .
 the new clothes, Rick," she said shyly, taking his arm as they walked away with their purchases.

ng before she walked her black92m heels0m into the store, swung as high92m as0m92m she0m92m could0m and92m got0m into the
-
"I have a lot of things to wrap up before the weekend.
 But I have a surprise for you that'll make up for it."
 "It will have to be a really special surprise."
 He laughed.
 "It is.
 And I'll pick up a pizza for dinner.
 I'll try not to be very late."
 He was still smiling as he hung up.
 She was incredible.
 The last three weeks had been wonderful.

l system finally blew and92m move0m92m Bush0m Dell Thanksgiving and I have a lot92m of0m things92m to0m wrap up before92m the0m weekend
-
All too soon class was over, and I found myself trailing Britney up to Mrs. Campbell's desk.
 She still didn't look very happy, but there was a trace more self-control to her face than a few minutes before.
 "Britney, despite spending at least an hour at the tutor lab each afternoon, the quality of your homework hasn't come up in the slightest, so I took the liberty of talking to your father yesterday."
 Britney's gasp had all the dramatic effect you'd expect out of someone who'd spent the last decade of her life getting away with pretty much whatever she wanted.
 She was obviously pretending to be sorry, all the while figuring her current trouble would blow over quickly enough if she just played her cards right.
 "Your father agrees with me that your studies should be your highest priority, so you'll be staying an extra hour starting today, and ending once your performance improves.
 Of course you can always continue to just waste your study time, but if you choose to do that I've been assured that additional penalties will follow quite rapidly starting with the loss of your car."
 The next gasp was less impressive, but tangibly more genuine.
 Even my being next couldn't stop a flash of satisfaction at the way Britney was finally having to face some of the consequences of her actions.
 Mrs. Campbell dismissed her with a wave, waiting until she'd left, shutting the door with a tad more force than strictly necessary.

 what did92m you0m do instead92m I0m went and stole your car today92m?0m" There92m were0m92m an0m
-
I should have played everything—I almost went back in and re-cut it, but, hell, it’s ok the way it is.
 But, it could have been better.
 Thicker.
 CM: 	“It’s Not True Unless it Makes You Laugh.”
 BG:  	Right.
 That’s actually a really old song—that almost made it onto Turntable.
 I wrote that in Memphis, in Lorelei’s bedroom, right after we had made love.
 There was candlelight dancing on the walls, and outside one of those Memphis thunderstorms that seem like the end of the world, beautiful like the end of the world should be, and Lorelei was lying there naked, a vision out of Titian, and I just started singing those lyrics.
 Those were given to me, you know?
 Like they always existed but I was the one that plucked them from the ether.

like all too silly to talk92m about0m it92m.0m92m though0m.<eop> After a92m while0m92m,0m I got
-
At least one pack member will need to be with you whenever you leave the house."
 I spit out the toothpaste currently prohibiting me from being able to respond, and swung the door open.
 "Alec, it's the middle of the semester.
 We can't just walk into the office and tell them we want to change our schedules.
 It doesn't work that way."
 ** After seeing Vincent's 'accident', and knowing he'd probably been trying to kill or at least seriously injure Ben just for the fun of it, I couldn't really argue with Alec.
 Rachel seemed relatively unfazed by the idea of bodyguards, but I wasn't especially excited about yet another point of difference between me and everyone else.
 Still, school was both better and worse than expected.
 As Alec had intimated, the day started out with a trip to the office.
 Not just me, not even just me and Alec.

92m the0m office92m,0m92m Burg0m office. Apparently we had92m a0m92m small0m Burg contingent, ranging from 386. 250
-
“Again,” Chevelle warned.
 The rock was coming for me a second time.
 I tried to duck out of the way but the wall was there once more, blocking me from moving.
 I cursed as the stone glanced off my cheek.
 “This isn’t fair,” I complained.
 It seemed he was holding me in place just to strike me.
 “It’s the only way, Freya.
 This is for your protection.” “I highly doubt they will pummel my face with rocks,” I spat out.
 “No,” he said, “they will bind you and burn you alive.” I felt sick.
 A vision of the Grand Council cloaks circling me was convincing enough, but he continued.

ad to turn back92m into0m the wall and was put up on my92m side0m92m.0m I92m was0m92m dropped0m, running
-
"I feel gritty.
 I think I'm going to jump in the shower," Rick told her when they got back to the hotel.
 "Me too."
 She would have preferred a bath, but she was afraid she'd fall asleep in the tub.
 Rick was stretched out on the bed watching TV when she returned to his room.
 "I'm exhausted," she told him, dropping onto the bed.
 "So am I."
 He took her wrist.
 "Lie down here with me and watch this `Mad About You' rerun."
 His arms went around her when she settled down beside him.

2m she0m admitted, blush92ming0m. 92m"0mI refuse you to watch that92m in0m your room92m so0m
-
His fingers brushed Qurrah’s pale face.
 Sudden, awful pain pierced his skull.
 Visions flowed through those fingers, dominant and brutal.
 _Qurrah marched through a burning city commanding a legion of walking dead.
 Screams of men and women sang a constant chorus, and in the distance, a castle crumbled to stone and dust.
 A demonic chant filled his ears, two words repeated again and again.
 It was a warcry against all life._
 _“For Qurrah!
 For Qurrah!”_
 _As the vision faded, one last sight burned into Qurrah’s mind: it was he, dressed in deep robes of black, his eyes glowing a bloody crimson._

2m first0m92m of0m conquest! 92m"0mThis world does92m not0m end, man92m!0m ا<unk> ا
-
Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
 Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
 Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
 "Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.
 "You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
 "I have to confess that I was.
 Still am."
 He offered his employer a slight smile.
 "You and I have discussed this before, but never officially.
 I would like to do so now.

begin privately92m.0m92m"0m Jefferson attempted to press Davis92m to0m92m but0m no longer the troubled father,92m the0m anxious,
-
"I-I .
 .
 .
 I don't .
 .
 ."
 Rick's heart fell.
 "Please don't say you don't love me."
 He cupped her jaw, stroking her cheek with his thumb.
 "I know that you have to sort things out now that you've decided not to marry your boyfriend.

op> "I . . "92m<eop>0m 92m"0m"92mI0m 92m.0m
-
"I can't!"
 she whispered hoarsely.
 "I can't do it.
 I can't do it!"
 She turned and ran to her room.
 Rick hurried after her.
 "I'm sorry!
 Marie, I'm so sorry!"
 Her door was locked, so he knocked.
 "Marie?"

satisfied92m that0m nosomeone92m had0m higher values though?<eop> Sleep92m Tyler0m?92m!0m92m!0m Count Paula!
-
What could be more god damn mother fucking awful than that?
 Huh?
 Eugene – She could have beaten you as well.
 Johnny – Really?
 You’re one to talk, mom always treated you better than she treated me.
 What do you know about it you spaz?
 You haven’t even lived with your family for years now.
 Eugene – Fredric beat me.
 At first he just yelled at me, and beat mom.
 Then after mom disappeared he turned his full wrath to me.

0m ignored my mouth92m and0m92m as0m if92m he0m did learning on92m the0m cheap or maybe he bluff. Johnny
-
She leaned into me and whispered that it is just some guy who treats her like crap but she keeps going back to him.
 The fact that she chose to whisper that bit of information convinced me he was outside the open door.
 As we talked I described to her that I had a very controlling wife and two young children at home.
 I told her this because I needed to set some restrictive boundaries; I knew I would need to work within the confines of the narcotics officers, and this would allow me to put her off, buy some time, if I needed it.
 She talked with me and continued to massage my chest as she straddled my naked body.
 She reached for my hands and placed them on her young firm breasts.
 It was an unexpected treat for “an old guy with a script”.
 I’ll let you use your imagination from there, but she finished her massage and then we both got dressed.
 The fish was in the net.
 The girl, Ashley, had taken the bait, and I felt confident that I had the deal working.

the92m guys0m seemed92m very0m92m shocked0m at the fact92m that0m this had92m just0m happened and I felt confident that they even
-
“You can’t submit to Grand Council.
 You can never submit.” He was right, I didn’t understand.
 Did he intend to return me to the village, to High Council?
 To keep me safe from the others?
 “You remembered what they did to your mother?” I felt my face pale.
 I’d known they were dangerous, but did he mean to submit was to accept her fate?
 The image of flames and a circle of cloaks surrounding her was there again and I had to force it away before it turned to an image of me.
 Protection, he’d kept saying as we worked on magic.
 They’re going to burn me.
 “They would kill me because of the pendant, the library?” “No, Frey.

s for you. Most would kill me because of it92m.0m92m but0m92m I0m refuse to92m if0m92m they0m returned it me
-
We scheduled an appointment for later that same day.
 I’ve had back problems in the past, as many 50 year olds do, so I dug up a back support and I wore it to the appointment.
 I had a basic plan and an obvious goal but how it would unfold was a mystery.
 She met me at the door, dressed in casual sweats and no make-up.
 Despite looking a little weary, she looked like she could be very attractive if she tried.
 As I looked at her, I felt sorry for her because I knew she was about the same age as my sons and I knew she was somebody’s daughter, somebody’s baby and I also knew the sordid details of her existence.
 She led me into a surprisingly clean bedroom that had a complete bedroom set and a mirrored closet door was beside the bed.
 She pointed me towards a chair in the corner of the room and told me I could get undressed and put my clothes on the chair.
 She excused herself, telling me that she was getting a towel to cover the bed where the massage would take place.
 I thought I could hear her whispering to someone in the apartment, but I only heard her voice.

92m you0m92m felt0m underneath 92m"0myour own skin92m!0m"<eop><eod>92m About0m four hours before the appointment, I
-
Mrs. Sorenson tried three different times to make me look stupid before finally giving up and getting down to the business of teaching.
 She continued to shoot us nasty looks throughout the class, but I hardly noticed.
 Alec spent the rest of the class time writing questions for me in the margins of my notebook.
 By the time I'd described my grandparents, kindergarten teacher, and top three most embarrassing moments, I wanted to get a chance to ask some questions of my own, but he just shook his head and passed me my notebook back with a new set of quickly-jotted queries.
 The sentences should have been a careless mess based on the speed with which he was writing.
 Instead they turned out more even and carefully constructed than anything I'd ever been able to accomplish.
 I'm the Alpha here; you can ask your questions when I finish with mine.
 The flippant, humorous nature of his response was so atypical, and yet still quintessentially Alec.
 I nearly broke into a fit of laughter that would've gotten us both in even more trouble with Mrs. Sorenson.
 I roll my eyes at you...a lot.

ions92m,0m and there is no excuse92m for0m not sharing your92m answers0m..92m.0m92meven0m if only for a few
-
After I graduated high school, I went to Hawaii with a friend to live.
 The simple reason?
 I was eighteen and that was drinking age in Hawaii.
 I quit my grocery job and took the money I had saved and headed off to the islands.
 Once there, we pretty much surfed, drank and looked for pot.
 We were on an extended vacation and my best friend Pete, who went with me, was a spoiled brat with an endless supply of money from his father who was one of the Greek associates of my stepfather, Dino.
 We were bound to get in trouble or find ourselves in danger and that is exactly what happened.
 One day a very tall guy walking the streets just outside our apartment in Waikiki approached us.
 He told us he had the best quality pot at his apartment.
 Once inside his apartment, he went into a back room to get the pot.

happen happened but Pete was92m already0m getting ready  do92m you0m92m done0m OK92m?0m. And here92m I0m was.
-
I laid there, sucking in painful breaths and staring at the sky.
 There was something different about it, even though it was gloomy.
 There was more than gloom and sadness in the air this time, it was something cold, like death.
 I shivered because the ground was so cold and hard that it chilled me to the bone.
 Seth’s head blocked out my vision.
 “Hey, you alright?” I sat up and Seth helped me up.
 I rubbed my sore back and looked around, taking in the dead looking trees and shadows.
 “Where are we?” “I don’t know, Jazell.
 The creature must have been a setup to bring us here,” he replied.
 “I think I know who did it.” “It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure that out, Seth,” I pointed out.

f those92m things0m92m dying0m92m sounds0m just as it was conversation, fresh fresh92m air0m92m<eop>0m Swan sighed, but when
-
It wasn’t dangerous, but it was like being slapped, and the irritation had me itching to burn something.
 The volley continued and whenever my anger showed, the rock came harder, faster, so I tried to control the emotion or at least hide it.
 That was the hardest part.
 Eventually, I found the best defense was to block the attacks by deflecting them with other objects.
 His magic was too powerful to counter directly and he’d prevented me from ducking away.
 When I was blocking about half the strikes successfully, he pocketed the stone and progressed with sticks, water, fire, anything he found on the trail.
 We were still riding too fast and I was exhausted from the mental and physical exertion when he switched to full-body attacks.
 By nightfall I wasn’t able to fend off anything that came at me and he mercifully stopped the horses beneath another hollow in the mountain.
 I was asleep practically before I slid off my horse.
 The next morning I woke to the sound of rock against rock.

m absence0m of92m the0m cloud it still92m roar0m back92m up0m to92m the0m road the rocks. There weren’t vegetation
-
But he grinned as he took the bag from the cashier.
 "Thank you so much, Rick," she said, beaming up at him.
 "I think you're more excited about the blacklight than the clothes."
 "I love the clothes--they're beautiful.
 But the light .
 .
 .
 that's like getting roses.
 Or diamonds!"
 He laughed.

 of some sort92m.0m "92mUnfortunately0m,92m you0m're92m so0m confused. You'92mre0m so
-
His arm was decorated with the ribbons of his accomplishments in the tournament to date.
 As the flag fell it seemed like Geriodon was half way to Rodregas before Doom Hoof started to move.
 Rodregas knew that the only way he would be able to dodge the lance was if his timing was perfect.
 He raised himself up as the lance lowered down and dodged to the right.
 But the lance followed him this time and he felt his body being ripped off the saddle.
 CHAPTER 14 THE ORDER
 Rodregas blinked at the sunlight in his eyes and raised his hand to create some shade.
 Pain shot through his body at the movement.
 He felt his body, now without armor, for any serious wounds.
 “The good news is that while the tip of the lance did slice into your chest a bit, it is almost healed thanks to what Jordaan did,” said Doi’van standing above him.

d out higher, and concentrate92m on0m92m Jor0mda92man0m if he finds you92m then0m.”92m<eop>0m The entire
-
The macabre sight was beautiful.
 “What shall you do with them?” he asked.
 “They will join my army.
 Two thousand I now have.
 We are close.
 So close.
 Soon we will have enough to crush Veldaren.”
 “Where is this army?”
 Velixar flashed an ugly smile.
 “They are with me always.”

have92m always0m been the92m only0m army I have given with. They92m have0m92m not0m been92m their0m
-
He explained that he had been through over a dozen programs before this program resolved his cravings and addressed his issues.
 He had been clean for six years, and I could only pray for the same result.
 He had worked there since he graduated the program and he assured me they would do their best to help Brandon.
 The facility where Brandon was staying was nearly a nine-hour drive from our home.
 We talked to Brandon on the phone occasionally and every time we did it was as if a cloud was slowly lifting and he was starting to think more clearly.
 He seemed to be growing up.
 He had never really matured like his younger brother because in his world of drugs he was not living reality.
 Easter was rolling around and we planned on visiting him with the family, but only if he completed certain parts of his program by Easter.
 If so, he would be allowed a LOA (Leave Of Absence) for the day.
 If not, we would have Easter with him at the facility.

92m,0m Cardiff and he would let him spend the rest of92m the0m92m family0m92m chilly0m in that interesting looking car92m.0m
-
He shouted until his head turned purple but made no sound for the effort.
 Then Qurrah cast another spell that made him go all tough and rigid.
 Felt like I was holding a stick.
 We took him inside and put him on the floor.
 “He wasn’t supposed to die,” Harruq said, staring right into Aurelia’s eyes so she would know he spoke the truth.
 “We didn’t mean to have what happened happen, but well…‌Qurrah put a bunch of meat on Perry’s face.
 It was old and rancid.
 Poor guy still had to keep smelling it though, and then Qurrah cast his spell.
 “The meat started bubbling and turning watery.
 It ran down his face, getting into his eyes.

 I cast a dark92m spell0m to92m keep0m Perry alive92m and0m..92m.0m”<unk> Perry took a92m big0m jar
-
Rick asked.
 "Hey--your hair looks great!
 It looks longer now."
 "It was curled before--that makes it look shorter.
 I need to get it cut."
 "No!"
 A bit embarrassed by his exclamation, he explained, "I like your hair better the way it is now.
 It's pretty."
 She thought about the women she'd seen yesterday.
 "Some women have their hair bobbed now."

 also thought about the day92m before0m she92m saw0m her92m movie0m "Vanity Fair.92m"0m Brad Pitt
-
Jim – It wasn’t a joke.
 Just the truth.
 Liz – I’m going to check on dinner.
 (Liz exits)
 Jim – What was that all about?
 Johnny – You tell me, you’re dating her.
 Jim – I didn’t get a blip on my radar.
 Johnny – What’s that sposed to mean?
 Jim – Nothing.
 Johnny – No, really what did that mean.

ething that was fun,92m but0m92m I0m92m,0m the joke was here was a joke that reinforced92m something0m about Jim92m 0m
-
I caught you before you hit the ground."
 I started to shake my head and then thought better of it.
 "Please, every other time I've dropped that quickly I've totally banged myself up.
 You were on the other side of my desk, there's no way you got all the way around it and managed to catch me before I hit the ground."
 The mild amusement on Alec's face froze into something else.
 "Believe what you will.
 There's no reason to worry about a concussion."
 "Then why did you tell the sub I'd hit my head?"
 He looked away for a moment, almost as though deciding whether or not to tell the truth.
 "I presumed you wouldn't want to stay and be subject to everyone's questions.

now92m how0m92m hurt0m you feel. I92m know0m I92m'0mve hit my head. I92m can0m't get
-
Dragging along behind him as he slowly worked his way through a third of the school was extremely boring.
 I honestly couldn't think of a less entertaining way to spend an evening, but I wasn't ready to join the dancers.
 Most of them seemed to be rapidly losing key items of clothing, and all of them were dancing so close it was hard to tell where one person ended and the other began.
 As Brandon handed me another cup of beer, which I started slowly pouring out on the ground as soon as his back was turned, the loneliness really started to hit me.
 It would be bearable if I had a friend other than Brandon.
 It might even be fun to sit back and laugh at some of the antics making an appearance as people got more and more wasted.
 Instead I was stone cold sober, and the next best thing to completely friendless.
 About the time Vincent tapped the second keg, Brandon looked over at me and flashed a thoughtful smile.
 I would've said nothing could've made up for the last two hours, but it came remarkably close.
 "I'm sorry, this isn't any fun for you, is it?"

ng92m in0m92m in0m continuous voice over92m again0m,92m and0m I thought Brandon could kind of understand me92m about0m telling Vincent what
-
Even if you can't make it every day, you need to come in a few times a week."
 "Yes, ma'am."
 The scolding actually hadn't been that bad, almost like disguised praise.
 Britney looked like she was hoping for something similar, but Mrs. Campbell's expression quickly dashed that idea.
 "You on the other hand definitely need to spend every night at the math lab.
 Your homework was incomplete, and of the problems you bothered to attempt, you didn't do a single one correctly.
 Britney, you're headed towards a failing grade, and while you might not care, your father most certainly does.
 Make my class a priority, or I'll stop in for a checkup and let slip just how poorly you're doing to dear old Dad, and then you'll find yourself riding the bus to school."
 It was a vicious threat, but one almost guaranteed to have an effect.
 Britney most definitely didn't want to be stuck riding the bus with all of the junior high kids and other assorted 'losers'.

 doomed.92m Oh0m, and Britney92m'0ms mother finally told92m her0m story: "92mThere0m92m are0m a million
-
A complete list of proven but untapped technologies and commercial opportunities should be compiled for each country, each region and local area.
 Programmes should be initiated to publicize information about commercialization of agriculture, stimulating industrialization, encouraging self-employment and new business start-ups, improving management practices, etc.
 Role of the media
 Free and well-developed media are vital to democratization and development.
 For this very reason, the dissemination of information by the media carries with it a great responsibility that cannot be effectively shouldered where private profit is the sole motive, or government control limits freedom of expression.
 The media can play an invaluable role in disseminating relevant information to the public, but the type and quality of information being carried in most developing countries must be radically improved.
 The worldwide tendency to focus on the immediate and dramatic at the expense of that which could make a substantial and lasting contribution to development requires greater efforts to creatively present socially useful information in an easily accessible and interesting form.
 Information in developing countries
 In the industrial democracies there are usually multiple sources of independent information available to the public on most issues.
 The same is not the case in developing countries, where very often the sole source of information is government – which lacks credibility because the quality of information is poor or it is politically motivated – or academic institutions that are insulated from practical, especially commercial, realities.

n,92m or0m92m and0m capacity to participate in92m a0m92m wide0m variety of changes (including emotional, educational92m and0m economic issues
-
She understood his allusion, and although she wasn't ignorant of what the marriage bed involved, she had no firsthand experience at all.
 And Davis wasn't some adolescent boy trying to touch what he shouldn't; he was her Prince Charming, and he'd all but proposed marriage to her.
 Daringly she entwined her fingers with his and raised her eyes to smile into his.
 The evening was magic.
 Marie and Davis had dinner alone at the Locke-Ober Café, Boston's most exclusive restaurant, and then he took her dancing at a private club where she'd never been.
 It overlooked the Charles River, and when they left the club, they strolled along the river.
 It was a warm, clear April evening, a night right out of a romance novel.
 "Thank you, Davis," Marie said, squeezing his arm.
 "For what?"
 "For this evening.

92m he0m said92m,0m p92m**0mk rubbing her clit with x-ray tools92m that0m92m She0m had
-
“Where are the others?” I asked, voice hoarse.
 “They’ve set up a perimeter.” It was all I had to say for the moment.
 I felt empty, alone.
 It was dark; even with the dust I’d not slept through the night.
 I sat up, curling my legs against my chest, and wrapped my arms around them, pulling tightly in.
 Though I didn’t speak, I occasionally glanced, or glared, at Ruby.
 She sat, immobile, watching me.
 It was morning before she broke.
 “You have your fire back.” It hadn’t occurred to me.
 I held my hand out and flicked a flame above my palm, then promptly extinguished it.

uby have92m her0m ashes. It was92m easier0m, to92m me0m. Too cage92md0m myself, had92m taken0m
-
You know, a handsome hunk of horsemeat was asking about you this morning.” My ears perked up.
 Someone was asking about Chevelle?
 That must have been why we were here.
 And then I realized she had called someone a hunk of horsemeat and I had to stifle a giggle.
 Chevelle nodded, but made no remark on the inquirer.
 Ruby winked at him on her way out and the gesture lit a burn in my chest.
 I turned back to my room and climbed into bed, angry at myself more than anything else, and determined not to let him see.
 I covered my head with a corner of the blanket, suffocating my fractured thoughts with the absence of light.
 I was unsure how long I’d slept.
 The house was quiet when I slipped from bed, trying not to make a sound.

walked92m up0m by92m the0m window, I tossed the blanket. Ruby92m stood0m92m him0m again, but I92m saw0m
-
“Oh, you like it.
 She’s fabulous, isn’t she?” She was so proud of herself, but I could tell Chevelle was embarrassed he’d been caught off guard.
 It might have pleased me too, except that I couldn’t tell if it was less how I had changed and more the resemblance to my mother.
 Ruby offered Chevelle a drink and he sat in a chair beside mine.
 She prattled as she enjoyed the wine, and I tried to focus on her stories instead of the occasional glances he threw my way.
 And then he grabbed my arm.
 I flinched, afraid at the quickness and strength of the move, but he only trailed an index finger gently down my arm, over the design, to stop in the center of my palm.
 My arm relaxed into his grip.
 “You like it?
 Ruby did it.

> “Oh, I don’t believe92m I0m helped92m.0m92m Ruby0m.92m She0m92m would0m have thought that what
-
Rachel pulled her books together, and then followed me through the door, James two steps behind, and looking, amazingly enough, even more surly than he had a few seconds before.
 Rachel didn't seem to be one of those people who always had to be talking about something, but even so, two minutes of silence were enough to leave me scrambling for something to talk about.
 "Thanks for telling me about Les Misérables.
 I mean, I should have said thanks yesterday, but I really do appreciate you thinking of me.
 It was really nice."
 Rachel's eyes lit up brighter than I'd seen them in a while.
 "You're welcome.
 Does that mean we can go to Vegas?"
 It seemed like a crime to deny her, but I knew Mom didn't have the spare money to send me on a two-hour trip to an opera.
 I was working now, but by the time I could save up enough to pay for gas, food, and a ticket, the production would've moved on.

ong. My James stopped just past our92m door0m92m and0m where92m I0m overheard him I92m told0m Rachel92m.0m As if
-
That’s Memphis.
 That’s what I’m talking about.
 You wanna talk heritage, Memphis is lousy with heritage, with a lineage like no place else.
 And it’s so pure, man.
 It runs like a crystal stream, or like Big Muddy, runs through all of us.
 I’m proud to be from Memphis, man.
 Don’t write nothing else.
 Don’t write that shit about Buddy Gardner sold his soul for California gold.
 That’s shit, man.
 And it makes me mad.

Armstrong, Ernie Armstrong is 92msch0mkacky.<eop> Now92m,0m92m about0m92m Buddy0m Gardner92m is0m not writing that bullshit
-
She'd been reunited with her family, learned that her father and brother had reconciled, broken up with Davis, and spent an entire weekday morning with her father.
 She smiled as she reached into her closet for a housedress.
 She would have sworn that her father was more like Davis than like Rick, but she was pleased to realize that he really was more like Rick.
 He'd stayed home from work to be with her, and he'd held her.
 And he hadn't been upset that she'd broken up with Davis.
 He just wanted her to be happy.
 That was what Rick wanted for her.
 Tears tightened her throat as she remembered the anguish on his face when he'd told her that he was the key to the doorway to 1927.
 He'd desperately wanted to keep her with him, to marry her, and he could have kept his discovery to himself and never told her he knew how to help her get home.
 But he'd wanted what was best for her.

t she could92m finally0m hold the92m key0m, slipping her hand in92m it0m, up into92m the0m92m doorway0m before humans had
-
It stalked towards me.
 The piercing green eyes bore into mine and I was more scared than I had ever been in all 15 years of my life.
 “Jazell move!” Seth yelled and pushed me behind him so hard, I almost fell over.
 I caught myself and pulled out my bow, notching an arrow.
 We all tensed, prepared for a fight.
 All of a sudden, Emily walked towards the dragon.
 Seth yelled at her to get back but she ignored him.
 She stood right in front of its head and opened her mouth, bizarre sounds started coming out.
 We all stood there mesmerized as she grunted, growled, snorted and hissed at the dragon.
 I expected it to just take a huge bite out of her, but it seemed as surprised as we were.

walked towards it it92m screamed0m92m.0m"Jazell move!92m"0m<eop>92m From0m such92m a0m single sound,
-
She had dark green pants with simple brown boots.
 A gleaming sword was slung on her back.
 My heart ached because she somewhat resembled Seth.
 Man, I missed his stubbornness.
 “Yup we’re happy too,” Emily said with a sigh.
 “So, um, what did you need?” I asked.
 She nodded.
 “Right, you must meet your destiny.
 It’s a shame the other one couldn’t be here right now.” She looked upset but she wiped it away with a small smile.
 “Follow me, please.” We followed without any words.

 stopped0m and Emily had mixed emotions.92m She0m92m could0m92m see0m her lips melting away.92m All0m the milk about her
-
This is the first and greatest commandment.’” The word "love" has dozens of meanings, and the one that rings truest to me involves action and will rather than feeling.
 In M. Scott Peck’s definition, "Love is the willingness to sacrifice for the sake of someone else's spiritual growth."
 Since God hardly needs spiritual growth, let’s define loving God as the willingness to sacrifice when God calls us to.
 And at the very least, he calls us to obey his commandments.
 Meaning we face yet another problem.
 In churches that preach seeking relationship rather than religion, we're told that lacking a relationship with God, we’ll have at best a heck of a time trying to obey.
 And I have seen no reason to doubt that assessment.
 But if the call to relationship implies we should adore, I confess that truth has escaped me until now.
 I mean, we all know it's possible to have a relationship with someone we don't adore.
 But to have a relationship with Jesus and fail to adore him seems all wrong.

is the second command92mment0m92m.0m In92m Christ0m Jesus92m followers0m the doctrine first that92m because0m of relationship love
-
Others talk about the size and welcoming essence of Lorelei’s breasts.
 Buddy was mothered; he fed there like a suckling, like a child.
 It wasn’t love but it was something between the sacred and the profane.
 Some say Lorelei was responsible for the beginning of the slide downward for Buddy, filling his head with ideas of stardom, of leaving the backwash of Memphis and making it in a real town like L.A. or Boston.
 Buddy listened to Lorelei, we know that, for better or worse.
 Let’s hearken back to a happier image.
 A small recording studio.
 A three-piece band, occasionally four when Jim Dickinson stops by and plays a little keyboards.
 A 20X20 room covered in egg-cartons.
 The preternatural silence beforehand.

 or Strauss or92m Beethoven0m or92m Bu0m92mmoor0m or Cole Porter in the China Concert Hall.92m The0m92m test0m that will
-
Jim – Not yet, why do ya ask?
 Eugene – I need to talk to him about something.
 Jim – Well he should be back later today, he was planning on making the opening of Liz’s show.
 Eugene (sits down on the other couch and sighs) Thanks, I’ll catch him then.
 (Pause) Are you still reading that stupid comic book?
 Jim- Damn strait!
 Sumo Assassin kicks ass!
 And I’ll thank you not to call it stupid.
 Eugene – It’s the dumbest concept for a comic book ever.
 A Sumo wrestler who fights for the forces of good as a vigilante by killing bad guys, and also making some money while he’s at it.

t just a92m little0m bit too freak-in-the-92mblue0m involves Jim most92m going0m to92m make0m one92m reason0m
-
I will not be flooded with spies, treated like a mere peasant, and then insulted by such blatant snubbing of my humble call for aid.
 Let them know I am king, my dear Antonil.
 Make sure they know.”
 Antonil halted at the center of Veldaren where the four main roads of the city interconnected and a large marble fountain towered over all.
 Not bothering to call for silence or attention, he unrolled the scroll and shouted its edict.
 Because of his rank, the troops in attendance, and the overall respect given to the man who had engineered the city’s successful defense only days before, he was quickly given a respectful silence.
 “By order of the King, all elves are to be removed from Neldar lands.
 They shall not travel within our cities, live in our settlements, or trade with our people.
 They are banned in all possible sense of the word.
 They have abandoned us, so let us abandon them.

he92m herald0m presiding over the92m proclamation0m92m.0m Pingly proclaimed92m the0m fate of the92m remaining0m elves once more firmly if they
-
Smashwords Edition
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 CHAPTER ONE
 "Haven't you had enough, Marie?"
 "No," she replied, too busy looking around to spare her companion a glance.
 "Your father will kill you if you get home past midnight.

ade0m a92m note0m of her concern. "92mI0m shall see you again92m,0m Brightest Sleep92m!0m
-
I was unassailable, untouchable.
 Of course the teachers hated me.
 One in particular, tried to get me expelled, suspended, something, because I wore an American Flag on my butt.
 (laughs)  It sounds funny now.
 I had this peace symbol, you know, the two finger symbol made of stars and stripes, and, Jesus, my mother sewed it on the back pocket of my jeans.
 This teacher—what was her name?
 was it freshman year, sophomore?
 Mrs. McGonnigle.
 I think that’s right.
 Funny thing is, you know, she was kind of a fox.

urns II,92m(0m92m thought0m92mps0m92m,0m I made one-92msix0m, three-six suit pieces, but
-
That thought filled her with an astonishing sadness.
 Sadness, not just disappointment over Hollywood—-because she'd miss Rick.
 "Afraid of what?"
 Rick stroked her cheek with his thumb.
 "Hmmm?
 Oh.
 Nothing."
 Standing on tiptoe, she kissed his cheek.
 "I'll go change clothes and be right back."
 She wished she could wear her sneakers, she mused as she roamed through the garden in her bulky black shoes.

 must the her sneakers. if she waited92m on0m92m be0m out at all92m,0m she doubted92m her0m92m Rick0m would wait
-
I nodded and answered shakily, “You know that I hate falling.
 You must have been scared too.” He hesitated.
 “Yes, I was, but I think I was more concerned that you would wake the dead with your screams and they would attack us too.” I smacked him lightly on the arm and laid down next to him.
 I stared at the sky.
 “So where are we?” “Well, our winged friend managed to get us out of the woods and near the mountains.
 You can see them over there.” He pointed off in the distance and I spotted the mountains towering above everything else.
 “That’s good, at least all of this wasn’t for nothing.” He sighed and closed his eyes.
 “Yes, I didn't lose my hearing for nothing, because I had to listen to you scream.” “Are you ever going to drop that?” I asked.
 Seth smirked.
 “Nope, it's going to haunt you for the rest of your life.” He made ghost sounds.

92m and0m92m eased0m out of92m the0m forest, trembling and shaking.<eop><eod> .92m.0m.92m Ethan0m
-
Jim – You’ve heard of Sumo Assassin?
 Karen – I’ve actually read a couple different issues.
 Jim – What did you think?
 Karen – It was the worst thing I’ve ever had the poor judgment to start reading.
 It comes in just after supermarket tabloids.
 Jim – Tabloids?
 You’ve never read the special edition series or Sumo Assassin, it’s even worse than most tabloids, they don’t even bother to make full sentences or finish thoughts.
 Which is damn near impossible to accomplish without trying to do so.
 Karen - But if you can show that much loyalty to something so terrible for so long, well Elizabeth is a lucky woman.
 Art – Lucky to have won the loyalty of a dork like my son.

0m all92m sons0m his age 5 can at least play92m a0m couple92m of0m matches with Art92m so0m he  will
-
Each one lunged to the sky, clutching and grabbing at the elves that circled above.
 “Retreat!” one elf shouted, banking as black fingers tore through the air just before his mount.
 Another screamed as a hundred tiny hands enveloped him, crushing the life from his body.
 Dieredon clutched Sonowin’s neck as a hand the size of a tree swung open-palmed at him.
 Sonowin spun, diving closer to the darkness and underneath the giant hand.
 Cries of pain filled the night as more and more elves fell to the reaching black magic.
 Dieredon held on tight, trusting his life to Sonowin.
 He scanned the battlefield while they whirled up and down, over one hand and then dancing away from another.
 Just as Sonowin pulled higher and higher into the air, outracing more than seven growing hands reaching up for them, the elf spotted two lone figures amid the sea of dead.
 “Sonowin,” he shouted to his steed.

92m heard0m92m too0m letter scream. He gathered around92m,0m checking for92m those0m in need. There92m were0m no sub
-
Will it poison her?
 I didn’t know man.
 (laughs)  When she did swallow my come, with a big smile on her face, I was amazed, you know?
 I was like zombied.
 I had no idea that boys and girls did such things.
 I immediately went home and wrote her a song.
 CM: 	You remember it?
 BG:  	Ha.
 Well, yeah, some of it.
 “Cathy took me/out of the cold/Cathy took me/she was so bold.”  (laughs)  Shit.

te song in some92m way0m.92m 0m92mCM0m: CV92m severity0m moments are for CVs92m 0m
-
I don’t even feel like I am a part of it as I begin to pull away, more officers are headed in.
 I look through the Starbucks’ window as I put the car in drive to leave and I can see the commotion in the back as the officers’ drag Ashley out of the bathroom area and toss her to the floor, I am gone.
 I drive to “home base” (behind the grocery store) where all this started so many hours ago.
 I am safe but I still can’t call my wife because I am wired and those were part of my many instructions.
 I wait silently by myself wondering if this bust will count for my son or whether there was even a bust at all.
 Over thirty minutes of silence passes and Officer White pulls up and I ready myself because I now have a million questions.
 As he gets out of his car, I begin to blurt out my questions and he tells me he must disconnect the wire before we can talk.
 I reach for my waist and pull the wire off before he can help me.
 I hold it out to him, he takes it from me and turns it off, and he says, “We got them.” I am so relieved but that is only one answer to one question and I have many.
 The deal was done and I was so relieved that it was over.

92m wire0m off faster, then get it92m on0m carefully and92m over0m and over92m again0m slowly. Yes, we92m finished0m
-
I tried to stay on the opposite side of the camp from my sister’s wrath, but I found tracks and had to follow them near her, stirring up another fit of rage.
 The prints were shoed, about the size of elves, but the treads were irregular.
 Whatever stayed here, there were a lot of them.
 Near the center of the camp the ground was beat down with tracks, circling a ring of stones.
 I found remnants inside, and ashes.
 A crude fire pit.
 Around that, several feet out, were various logs, I assumed for sitting around the pit for warmth.
 A few huts were situated about the camp but their construction was unlike anything I’d seen before, very poorly built.
 I ducked inside one and was shocked to see it was full of possessions.
 Clothing, bedding, so much left behind.

g making up a cre dwelling92m.0m92m I0m92m obvious0m and to a load of clothing92m I0m pulled a92m light0m,
-
She shifted and the markings on her leg caught my attention.
 A thin painted vine trailed up to her thigh.
 She noticed me looking.
 “Well, Frey, I feel like I know so much about you.” She smiled slyly at Chevelle.
 “But you know so little of me.
 Let me tell you a few things, since we will be traveling together.” I felt my head jerk to find Chevelle, not believing what I had just heard.
 Ruby continued without pause.
 “I’m sure you’ve heard by now I’m an amalgamation, a half-breed.” She said the last part with distaste and glanced at Steed.
 “I will give you a short version of events so when the subject comes up—and believe me, someone will ask—you are not overcome by curiosity and forced to seek less than honorable venues to discover the facts.” I chose to ignore the jab about my eavesdropping.
 “My mother was a power-hungry wench seeking notoriety.

n what she could do for92m it0m.92m You0m92m have0m92m experienced0m this torrent tender love from her92m.0m This
-
Hollywood!
 Rick was giving her her dream.
 He'd known her only three weeks and was taking time off from his job to take her where she wanted to go.
 No one had ever been as sweet to her or as thoughtful as Rick.
 "Morning."
 Marie jumped, looking up at Rick.
 "Good morning."
 She glanced out the window and realized she must have been sitting there for nearly 30 minutes.
 "Have you been out to the garden already?"
 "No."

ing Edith Head asked92m,0m "What?"92m 0m"Lastly,92m"0m92m Marie0m sighed.<eop>92m 0m
-
Well?
 Why not?”
 “I’m just embarrassed, all right,” he finally muttered.
 “Embarrassed?
 Why?”
 “Qurrah’s smart, can read and everything.
 He’d want to know why I never asked him.
 That and, well, you’re a…‌you know…”
 “What?”
 Harruq grew redder.

ver play92m and0m92m someone0m like that?” He rubbed back92m his0m92m eyes0m and reached for the cash box92m.0m "
-
Qurrah glanced at his brother and shrugged.
 “The only homes we have known are Woodhaven and Veldaren.
 I doubt either will gladly accept us.”
 “I have never been to Veldaren,” Aurelia said.
 “Although I have heard it is beautiful, in its own way.
 I can get us inside, if all you fear are the gate guards.
 The edict to banish elves is foolish, anyway.
 After the casualties he took in Woodhaven, the king should be forced to revoke it lest any human villages be attacked.”
 “I wouldn’t mind going back home,” Harruq said.
 “Sound good to you, Qurrah?”

2m?0m Perhaps they92m will0m92m cock0m92m accept0m us.” <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> “92mYou0m
-
A look around showed no sign of Velixar or his undead.
 The morning continued to be full of delightful surprises.
 The elf pulled out a roll of thick cloth from a knapsack and began bandaging his wounds.
 “Aurelia, we need to talk,” Dieredon said while fashioning a sling for his right arm.
 “Those half-orcs have some very interesting friends.”
 He stood, tested the tightness of his bandages, took up his bow, and then headed for town.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq awoke late the next morning.
 His tired eyes winced at the sunlight.

y sight”92m around0m:92m the0m people he served. He,92m too0m, thought92m they0m were92m in0m trouble
-
Qurrah twirled his finger, and the slab turned as if on a spit.
 “We’re eating fancy tonight,” Harruq said, tossing the pot back to its corner.
 His stomach growled as the aroma of cooked meat filled his nostrils.
 “Glad you approve,” Qurrah said.
 They ate in silence until only bones remained, which Qurrah then tucked away in a pouch.
 Harruq relaxed and enjoyed the heat while his brother tightened his robe and leaned toward the fire.
 “Things are more dangerous now, aren’t they?” Harruq asked after a pause.
 Qurrah nodded, his thoughts distant.
 “They’re ready for us.
 Many elves will be lurking inside the woods as they hunt for the Forest Butcher.” Again Qurrah chuckled at the name his brother had earned.

ll them information they need to92m have0m92m not0m only92m the0m92m Forest0m Butcher, or92m Wild0m Wolf, among
-
The economically and socially underprivileged sections of human society are now aware that their future is not a question of fate, but of political and technological choice.
 If they are not given access to the information superhighways and other technological highways to progress, a new form of social and economic apartheid will spread, which will be even more serious in its consequences to the future of human civilization than the skin-colour-based apartheid which has just ended.
 True education is leadership in thought.
 There are periods in human history when the progress of decades can be accomplished in a few years.
 It is the view of the Commission that we have arrived at one of these great, creative moments.
 Can the political leadership of all countries seize this moment and convert it into an opportunity for promoting job-led economic growth, rooted in the principles of ecology and equity?
 Can we make the gender inequity and the coexistence of extreme poverty on the part of a billion children, women, and men, and extreme affluence and unsustainable lifestyles on the part of another billion, an anachronism of the past?
 Can we foster love of diversity and pluralism in terms of religion, race, language, colour or political belief?
 In our view, there are uncommon opportunities now to find the solutions to these basic challenges facing contemporary human society.
 We have tried to deal with them in a concise manner in this report, which concludes that commitment to the principles of democracy and human diversity, equity in terms of gender, economic condition and sustainable lifestyles, is fundamental to achieving both a better common present and a better future.

teresting92m bachelor0m's degree in political science from92m the0m McGill University in Montreal and was92m appointed0m92m 0m92m Irish0m Labour
-
And because he always put what was best for me before what he wanted.
 We would kiss and kiss and kiss, and then he'd stop and tell me we had to stop, or we'd end up making love.
 And I was never the one to stop, Mother.
 The more passionate the kisses became, the more I wanted.
 I-I really didn't understand until my last evening with him that we couldn't just kiss forever, that eventually kisses wouldn't be enough.
 If he hadn't stopped, we would have gone on and on and on until--"  She caught her breath, biting her lip and fixing her eyes on the handkerchief she was clenching.
 Mrs. Tranton leaned forward, putting a hand on her daughter's knee.
 "I understand."
 Marie glanced up.
 "I love him, Mother."

should light a candle92m beside0m92m-0m-"<eop> "No92m,0m" Marie whispered. 92m"0m
-
Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her daughter for a moment.
 "Are you sure you can't go .
 .
 .
 go back to him?"
 "Positive."
 Mrs. Tranton plucked at the bedspread.
 "Do you sometimes wish you'd .
 .
 .

at you92m could0m go92m to0m him?"<eop> Mrs.92m Tran0mton lay92m down0m on the bed92m at0m once,
-
She felt like she couldn't get enough.
 All at once she realized that getting enough meant making love.
 She would have blushed if her entire body weren’t already on fire.
 Rick wasn't her husband.
 And he never would be.
 For that reason, she shouldn't make love with him .
 .
 .
 but for that reason, she wanted to make love with him.
 But how could she do that and then leave him forever?

 to make92m love0m with a92m man0m92m,0m now. God one92m day0m promised to give her everything,92m and0m
-
Johnny – And what did you promise our father?
 Eugene – That I would stay out of trouble.
 Jim – This isn’t going to end well.
 Johnny – Five dollars says that he’s arrested by the end of next week.
 Jim – You’re on.
 I’ve seen him avoid getting caught dozens of times over the years.
 Eugene – Funny, very funny.
 The only problem with your reasoning is I won’t be doing anything to bring the law down on me in the first place.
 Johnny & Jim – Right.
 Eugene – I will keep my promise.

will steer92m me0m92m of0m trouble over time to help92m your0m case.92m Jim0m –92m I0m suspect that anything will
-
Relax, Creole.
 We’re all friends here.
 CM:  	You, uh, you said you were recording with session men, I think you said, and that you didn’t know some of them—
 BG: 	Well, so much of this shit they do now, man, you don’t even have to be in the same city.
 You gotta realize multi-tracking was relatively new, and, man we were babes in the wood, naives, we didn’t know how to play without someone playing with us.
 We started out on 4 tracks, remember that.
 So all this gimmickry, this Sgt.
 Pepper’s stuff that everybody has to do now, it’s going the other direction, isn’t it?
 Started with John Wesley Harding, man.
 And has anyone really even listened to that yet?

wns0m92m the0m92m have0m. A deal with his friend Peter Charles, there92m it0m’s, was signed92m this0m
-
This highly militarized approach contains an in-built mechanism for escalation that was responsible for the growth of global military expenditure to an all-time peak of $1.2 trillion in 1988.
 Even when effective in controlling direct aggression between major powers, it encouraged proxy wars and it completely ignored the security needs of countries not aligned with one bloc or another.
 This is one of the reasons why all the wars in the last forty years have taken place in developing countries.
 Taken to its extreme in the nuclear competition of the superpowers, it ‘logically’ led to the astonishing doctrine of mutually assured destruction (MAD) as the cornerstone of national security policy.
 While there have been efforts by the West to claim ‘victory’ in the Cold War and arrogate to itself the right to determine the post-war dispensation, in reality neither side won or lost, but a failed international security system was intelligently abandoned because it was extravagantly wasteful of resources, dangerously unstable and actively promoted violence in other regions.
 Failure to anticipate the future and to structure policies and instrumen talities to meet future needs has been the dominant characteristic of all previous attempts at forging an international security framework.
 Now, once again, there is a manifest tendency to forge a framework based on the supremacy of might, rather than right, and determined by the present balance of powers.
 This framework is likely to be even more tenuous and short-lived than previous compromises, because it ignores revolutionary forces that are reshaping the world for the twenty-first century.
 We now have the opportunity and responsibility to evolve a more flexible and far-sighted framework.
 This requires a fundamental shift in perspective, a new vision of global security.

 ago most92m wildlife0m should have92m been0m quietly abandoned. the92m advent0m of modern technology has92m compelled0m producers to forge92m new0m
-
"But that isn't why you want to skip."
 "No, I find that I'm strangely unconcerned right now with what the future may bring, and this seems entirely too good an opportunity to waste on a substitute that knows even less about physics than we do."
 I returned his smile, and grabbed his hand, tugging him in the direction of the outside door.
 We didn't go far, stopping in a little cluster of trees no more than fifty feet from the school.
 "So is this nearly complete disregard for consequences typical?"
 Alec gazed at me with one of his indecipherable looks for several seconds.
 Feeling more than a little self-conscious, I tried to let go of his hand and scoot a little further away, but he maintained his grasp.
 "Please don't.
 I didn't mean to make you nervous.
 It's just that you continue to surprise me."

92m.0m The Alec showed an92m interest0m that92m was0m92m coming0m here enough92m to0m raise some level of anxiety. I shook
-
A better understanding of that process will enable us to avoid the errors and tardiness of past efforts and accomplish in the next few decades what might otherwise take centuries.
 The world possesses sufficient experience and information to formulate a comprehensive and integrated theory of development as a social process.
 The theory should explain the process by which human society has developed to where it is today, the forces which propel its growth, and the stages of its past and future progress.
 It should be based on the perception that the political, economic and social life of human kind is a single, inseparable whole and, therefore, that comprehensive, total strategies must be applied to resolve our problems, because partial strategies lead to partial solutions which disturb the harmony of the whole, generating unwanted side-effects.
 This knowledge should be utilized to formulate a model of development that is based on the internal dynamics of the process rather than on its external manifestations or extrapolation of future trends from past data.
 This model should become so precise that we can anticipate the impact of peace, more education, greater political freedom, rising social expectations, and high values such as guaranteed employment on the progress of society.
 This conceptual knowledge should enable us to understand and replicate fully the conditions responsible for the post-war achievements of Japan, China’s recent 20 per cent growth rate or Yugoslavia’s remarkable conquest of hyper inflation.
 A comprehensive approach will enable us to anticipate the imbalances and side-effects generated by partial initiatives and to evolve total strategies to avoid them.
 The comprehensive conceptual model needs to be complemented by the development of models for employment, food, education, trade and other fields that go beyond the national or sectoral approach to show the impact of the complex interactions that are key determinants of the development process – for instance, the impact of democracy on agriculture and of increasing agricultural productivity on employment, industrialization and trade, the impact of rising education on democratization, social tolerance for diversity, personal expectations and social stability.
 Once formulated, these conceptual models need to be applied under a variety of conditions to test their validity and demonstrate the value of a comprehensive approach to development.

field conditions may or92m may0m not lead92m to0m limits, and92m should0m have more effect92m and0m results if properly92m manipulated0m
-
"You could leave your dress and go back in your bathing suit."
 She smiled.
 "I'll have enough to explain as it is."
 Inspired by the way he was toying with her hair, she asked, "Would you like to have a lock of my hair?"
 "That's a great idea."
 He bent to inhale its fragrance.
 She took scissors from a drawer and reached for a lock on the back of her head.
 She snipped one off and handed it to Rick.
 "We should find a ribbon to tie it so that the strands won't come lose."
 He fingered the silky lock.

Easy, predictable easy. That was the one92m I0m92m liked0m about Tara.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m the0m profile building92m,0m
-
Jessica and James seem to be the most unsettled by everything that's happened, but I think everyone is more or less concerned.
 Is there someone in particular that you were curious about?"
 Mallory hesitated for a moment, and then nodded.
 "How does Donovan seem to be doing?"
 The question took me completely by surprise.
 There was no reason it should have, but it was the last thing I expected her to ask me.
 "He's good, I think.
 I mean I haven't been there very long, and I don't know him or anyone else very well, so it's hard to tell.
 As long as there isn't any kind of public fight with massive amounts of bloodshed, I probably wouldn't know that everyone is at each other's throats, but Donovan seems happy.
 He's always pleasant."

oked0m back at me. "You want92m to0m leave now?92m"0m92m<eop>0m I92m don0m't think
-
When she was less happy with me, she tended to focus more on just how stubborn I could be.
 It wasn't always obvious what would set off a bout of 'stiff neck' as she referred to it, but the only people who'd ever successfully talked me into a 'reasonable, rational' response had been Dad and Cindi.
 I could feel that same core of iron making its presence known right now.
 I wasn't going to be deprived of however much time I had left with him.
 I wasn't going to be losing this argument.
 "Alec, I need to be there with you tonight.
 If you leave me here, I'll head out on my own and look for you."
 The shake was definitely there, and getting more pronounced.
 "I'll order Donovan to keep you here."
 "You can try.

n, of course92m.0m"92m I0m waved backdi into the92m room0m,92m gone0m<eop>92m The0m flicker was definitely
-
Jim – Sadly yes.
 Liz – What do you mean ‘sadly yes’?
 Jim – I mean I would have to live under the same roof as Gene and Johnny.
 Do you know what kind of hell that will be?
 I thought living with mom was bad.
 Liz – Well you can always come…
 (Eugene comes on stage)
 Eugene – I’ve been looking all over for you guys.
 Jim – Well I’ve been right here for the last several hours.
 Liz – I was mingling with my guests, and then I had to go and talk with mother about the show.

92m"0msun comes on stage.92m.0m.92m)0m92m 0m(92mspring0m comes on stage) Eugene
-
Where national environmental resources may lead to dispute and conflict, agreements should be drawn up between potential belligerents and the good offices of the UN's specialized agencies used to anticipate and avert future conflict.
 Peace and democracy can provide only the foundation for stable and productive social life, not its fulfilment.
 For that, political security has to be complemented by economic security and a blossoming of individual and cultural potentials.
 Yet here our optimism seems to flag.
 Our thoughts of the new millennium do evoke images of greater peace and stability internationally, more individual freedom and democratic rights, growing international co-operation, exciting new technologies, increasing cultural interaction.
 But they also evoke images of more people and less work – meaning fewer jobs!
 No sooner has the threat of nuclear annihilation receded, than the spectre of chronic unemployment and unrelenting poverty has risen to replace it, giving renewed justification to humanity’s deepest anxieties by transferring them to a new source of apprehension.
 In recent years, unemployment has emerged as a major cause of concern for governments around the world.
 In industrial countries, the subject evokes pessimistic prophecies of a fast-approaching future in which tens of millions of people will never find jobs, technology eliminates the need for human labour, cheap imports replace domestic jobs, welfare systems collapse under an unbearable burden, children have less economic opportunity than their parents, a widening abyss divides the rich and poor, and both markets and governments are powerless to do anything about it.
 In developing countries, it dashes hopes of ever conquering hunger, eradicating wide spread rural and urban poverty, and bridging the gap that separates these nations from the prosperous West.

changes have begun.92m There0m will be more92m people0m in the 2192mst0m92m century0m, and there will be92m more0m economic
-
Something better.
 I believe that, dad, I was reborn in that cabin.
 I was reborn at my woman’s breast.
 Can you dig that?
 Probably not, right, I mean, it’s private and honored so, you can’t dig, am I right?
 CM: 	I follow you.
 I know, man.
 I’ve had my dark days of the soul, too.
 BG:  	Have you, Creole?
 Have you, man?

2m was0m Turkish92m cuisine0m. Do you dig92m that0m? CM92m:0m92m I0m had my dark days. I fitted
-
He looked up at Rodregas with a confused expression and asked, “Do you know what this is?” “Not really, I found it in Raven Keep.
 It felt of magic so I took it.
 I thought it might be worth something.” Jordaan smiled and laughed as he said, “Worth something indeed.
 This is a minor Sigil of Healing.” It was Rodregas who gasped this time and said, “Infernals!
 We had a Sigil of Healing all this time?
 If we had inscribed this sigil back at the farm we would never have needed your help.” Jordaan nodded at the truth of Rodregas’ words and the two of them quickly gathered the others.
 All agreed that no matter what might happen with the greater sigils that all should gain the minor Sigil of Healing.
 Its benefits to warriors and mages alike were well known.
 Jordaan agreed to do the inscribing and show the others the technique.
 In return Imeralda would inscribe Jordaan who was also eager for the sigil.

f flame92m she0m92m Suddenly0m, one of92m the0m smaller sigils grabbed a92m 0mboulder92m and0m used to
-
I went to her apartment where I caught them together.
 I beat him within an inch of his life in front of her.
 Karen and her roommate did everything they could to pull me off of him but my rage for his complete abandonment of our friendship in so many ways had escalated to the perfect storm.
 It seemed he had taken everything from me and he had been my closest friend for the last six years and I snapped.
 This was a defining moment in my life, where I began to truly understand what drugs could make you do.
 Pete and Karen later married, had a couple of kids and, in his late twenties, Pete died of a heroin overdose.
 I moved to the south side of the lake and began selling radio advertising.
 I still called Thomas in Sacramento often, as family is family, and he was about all I had left in that category and he was all I had growing up.
 He was my big brother and there was no changing that.
 I tried to forgive him for the part he played in my business failure, but I never confronted him; I just buried my resentment.

erson92m in0m92m another0m92m it0m and92m sure0m enough sometimes it comes92m in0m other situations. When you start into a relationship
-
It is likely that further study of the Yugoslav model will reveal important applications not only for countries suffering from hyperinflation or the effects of radical transition, but for those carrying out more modest programmes fo economic reform.
 Recommendations for Accelerating Transition in the East
 Conditions within the 25 nations of Eastern Europe and Central Asia vary significantly enough to limit the scope for broad generalizations on strategy beyond the statement of principles presented in this chapter.
 However, there are a number of specific recommendations applicable to all or most of these countries that can be applied to accelerate the pace and ease the pain of transition.
 1.Generate consensus for the transition programme: The transition should be an expression of the will of the society for change and it should help generate greater unity and harmony within the society.
 Further attempts to put through any macro-economic reform package will meet with strong political and social resistance unless a national consensus on the strategy is arrived at beforehand.
 Any programme involves a set of choices regarding which are the most accept able costs and important benefits.
 Before launching new initiatives, governments should conduct public inquiries and debate alternative packages of policies and practices.
 The inquiry should realistically access the expected costs and benefits of each package.
 After educating the public about the need for choice and the necessary costs involved, the final selection of the most accept able package should be made by the people themselves through a national referendum.

et up a mechanism for92m this0m national referendum with the92m hope0m that their governments be able92m to0m block92m any0m unpopular92m measures0m
-
But, you know, I don’t hide anything from my Love.
 I don’t know, I started out writing this song because I had fucked this chick, see, when I was on tour, when Lor was back here.
 And she sort of followed me around for a couple of gigs, and it was like a lost week, there, I was all screwed up.
 I wasn’t thinking about Lorelei or what this would mean to her, if anything.
 I just wanted to keep balling this chick, right?
 She was blond and willowy and looked like a pixie and I just couldn’t get enough of her.
 Some of my roadies, and Pete, man, God bless him, he was like ‘Buddy, drop this chick, she’s trouble, man.’  He was thinking of Lor.
 So, anyway, this beautiful woman followed me from city to city—she was a gypsy—and she dressed like a gypsy—I can’t tell you her name cuz you’d know it, man.
 Her heart is a legend.
 But, I didn’t know who she was until I was inside her and she was moving like God’s immaculate machine.

, but kills beautiful92m people0m in the world, not92m from0m92m kills0m every person,92m but0m always much92m better0m in
-
You can’t get into an animal’s mind and make them behave the way you want them to.” “But the dogs… wolves… follow them.
 They had them do a demonstration and—” “No, Frey.
 The wolves do not follow the elves.
 The wolves protect them by choice.” “By choice?” “Yes.
 And I have seen them tear an elf apart as quickly as defend them.” I shivered.
 “Rhys and Rider were saved by the wolves once.
 They think the animals understand.
 They follow the wolves, you see.
 That is why they are here.” We topped the ridge, jagged rock and loose dirt shifting beneath our feet, and Ruby dropped the quiver by the edge before climbing down with a deftness I had yet to master.
 Steed, Anvil, and Grey greeted us before we resumed training.

ned our rod at 5 to 1092m times0m each92m way0m,and92m finally0m end92m up0m on a mate.92m<eop>0m
-
COREY MESLER has published in numerous journals and anthologies.
 He has authored four novels: Talk: A Novel in Dialogue (2002), We Are Billion-Year-Old Carbon (2006), The Ballad of the Two Tom Mores (2010), and Following Richard Brautigan (2010); two full-length poetry collections: Some Identity Problems (2008) and Before the Great Troubling (2011); and three books of short stories: Listen: 29 Short Conversations (2009), Notes Toward the Story and Other Stories (2011), and I’ll Give You Something to Cry About (2011).
 He has also published a dozen chapbooks of both poetry and prose.
 He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize numerous times, and two of his poems have been selected for Garrison Keillor’s Writer’s Almanac.
 He also claims to have written “Rock and Roll Heaven.” With his wife, he runs Burke’s Book Store, one of the country’s oldest (1875) and best independent bookstores.
 He can be found at www.coreymesler.com.
 
 ﻿
 Defining Moments: A Suburban Father’s Journey into his Son’s Oxy Addiction By Bradley V. DeHaven
 Smashwords edition, published by Bradley V. DeHaven Copyright 2011 This book is available in a print edition at http://www.rxdrugaddict.com.

ormats and92m an0mthologies. How92m to0m Dec92mrush0m92m the0m Occurness of Oxydiction Ad92mdiction0m
-
How could he say he loved her and deliberately keep her here against her will?
 How could he put his wants above hers?
 Standing up, he raked his fingers through his hair.
 Marie looked up at him with concern.
 "Are you all right?"
 "No."
 He closed his eyes.
 "What would you say if I told you you could go home tomorrow?"
 "I'd jump for joy.
 Why?"

 absolutely92m honest0m She doubted his sanity. AndOkay?92m Sorry0m but92m was0m he that utterly sure92m?0m92m?0m
-
"It wasn't five weeks ago!"
 He laughed, hugging her again.
 "There's nothing like a tragedy to draw a family together."
 He smiled at his parents.
 "Are you serious?"
 "Yes."
 He stroked her hair as he gazed down at her.
 "We were all out of our minds with terror and grief.
 None of us could just sit still.
 I kind of oversaw the private investigators that Father hired.

 the room an innocent boy had just used92m up0m92m the0m entire92m life0m and92m the0m agent that92m Father0m fired for him
-
There is Buddy’s stature as one of the truly original artists of his time.
 There is his infamous love affair with Lorelei who many blame for his death, like poor Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath.
 And there is the music, discussed here for the first time, how it was made, why it was made, for whom it was made.
 Buddy is caught at a crucial moment, when he had left his psychedelic/blues/rock behind for California living and worldwide acclaim.
 And he has been caught, naked, funny, combative, contradictive, hopeful, full of possibility, honest, bitter, loving, and, finally, with his brilliance still intact, after many had written him off.
 This is Buddy Gardner, the man and the musician, raw and exposed.
 Read these words for their history.
 Read them for what they say about all of us.
 Camel Jeremy Eros, Big Sur, 2001
 ***

92m Texas0m92m:0m<eop>20 M.<eop> Through the powerful of92m the0m American West, out of92m the0m92m violence0m and
-
.
 .
 or .
 .
 ."
 "I'll find you something.
 If you're finished, I'll take you upstairs."
 Although it was summer, he decided he'd better dig out the shirt to the winter pajamas his mother had bought him.
 It was thicker than a summer shirt and would give her a greater sense of modesty.
 Still, she stared at the shirt in her hand before raising her eyes to his.

 talking to me92m.0m92m 0m.92m like0m this92m:0m Do you stand a chance; will my sister,92m or0m
-
Her cheeks were golden and rosy, her long, dark lashes like fans against them.
 Her dark hair fell over his arm and onto the pillow, and he reached up with his free hand to caress it.
 Marie stirred, moving closer to Rick.
 She blinked and found him hovering over her.
 As she gazed up into his eyes, she felt as if she were in a dream.
 This was just like one of her fantasies.
 Except that he was wearing a shirt.
 "You fell asleep," he whispered, his face moving closer to hers.
 "Yes."
 "Me too."

the0m sounds92m of0m surprised her, the music92m of0m approval, and she92m did0m not like it was92m even0m the
-
The lady could tell Marie's underwear size with no problem.
 But when Marie came out of the dressing room complaining that the 32B was too tight, she wondered how she'd missed the girl's bust size by such a margin.
 Marie found that she loved shopping for modern lingerie.
 She liked lace and rich colors and chose black, emerald, fuchsia, and royal blue underwear.
 It really didn't matter, she supposed, what her underwear looked like.
 But she couldn't wait to get home and change into her new things.
 "Thank you for-for .
 .
 .
 the new clothes, Rick," she said shyly, taking his arm as they walked away with their purchases.

rse,92m dress0m shoes,92m and0m92m Rick0m glanced92m suspicious0mly to Marie92m.0m<eop> "The furniture,"
-
I mean, I did it, you know.
 Five nights a week, 300 gigs a year.
 I did it.
 It’ll kill you.
 Look who it killed.
 But, yeah, I mean, when the new LP comes out they’ve got me touring.
 Shit.
 I’ll do it.
 I mean, I love the fans, ok?
 But, I’d rather be here with Lorelei, that seems fairly obvious right?

m see0m92m what0m? Right?<eop> The92m men0m walk out their doors.92m Lore0m92m Zach0m is’t know
-
"So have I."
 "And if you were mine," he continued, happy that she wasn't angry, "I would hold you every time you let me.
 I guess that if I lived in 1927, I might have to be subtle about it.
 Like .
 .
 .
 I might see some lint on your shirt that needed to be brushed off.
 Like this."
 He turned to face her and reached behind her to brush off the imaginary lint, his arm drawing her close.
 Marie laughed.

water gu92mshed0m free around her92m,0m92m,0m Edwards gently pulled her head92m backward0m92m him0m.<eop><eod>
-
I finally settled on one I thought she might answer.
 "Why are you telling me all this?"
 Rachel's face tried to take on her liar's mask, but didn't quite succeed.
 "You risked a lot to stop Cassie from hurting me.
 The least I can do is tell you anything I know that could save you from getting hurt in return."
 She was telling the truth.
 Not all of it, but at least some of it.
 I wanted to tell her she didn't owe me anything, but there were so many questions I needed answered still.
 There was some kind of weird power struggle going on, and her brother was right in the middle of it all, but I couldn't ask her about any of it.
 She'd already said as much as she was going to.

92m whatever0m it92m needed0m to do to92m protect0m those she was92m hurt0m92m and0m how much she I thing Rachel was still
-
Once Rodregas had turned around from the lion, Doi’van started to walk between the pedestals joining Imeralda at looking around.
 He stood in front of the great six-legged stallion, the kind of steed the Gods themselves ride, and then walked over to the Great White Stag of the forest and then to the giant eagle that guarded the Celestial sky.
 It was a sight to take the breath from any mortal, a score of beasts that appeared to have been taken right from the heavens.
 “How were the greater sigils created?” Rodregas wondered.
 While the leaser sigils appeared to be simple sculpture empowered by magic, these truly appeared real.
 Yet what magic could capture such powerful beasts for the use of creating sigils?
 Had the greater sigils been gifts to mortals from the Gods themselves?
 Rodregas yearned to reach out and touch to see if they felt like flesh or stone.
 But, to do so would set his path for the rest of his life.
 If he was truly strong enough for two as Imeralda thought, then he could be a lion and what else?

or son92m,0m does92m not0m die by the sword92m either0m the other night Rod92mre0m92mgas0m had not born a
-
In order to prepare a cadre of managers for private sector industry and institutions, specialized institutes of management should be set up in each country.
 8.Launch a massive programme to impart new skills and attitudes to the population: In countries where private enterprise was extinguished for decades, entrepreneurial, financial and marketing skills can be extremely limited.
 An analysis should be undertaken of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to a market system, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
 Experience in former colonial nations where entrepreneur ship was also stifled for a long period indicates that a profound change in attitude is necessary before people will risk leaving or forego seeking salaried and pensioned jobs in favour of self-employment, even when the salaried jobs are scarce or unavailable.
 Such a basic change of attitude, which normally requires a change of generation, can be accelerated by a massive programme of public information, education and demonstration spanning several years.
 9.Study the benefits of economic recovery on world trade: Recessionary trends are affecting many parts of the world today.
 The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.
 The progress of developing countries is impeded by slow growth in the industrialized nations and the collapse of Eastern Europe.
 What would be the impact on the world economy of a rapid recovery and economic expansion in the countries of the region?
 What would be the result elsewhere of further decline in Eastern Europe?

ath for literary92m choice0m92m in0m each region:92m A0m university should92m offer0m the main degree available to the92m selected0m
-
BG:  	Um, on Carole King’s third LP, I think.
 “Thunder over Scenic Hills.”
 CM:  	Randy Grubb?
 CM:  	Yeah, yeah.
 I used a hundred different names for a hundred different songs.
 There’s no way I can remember them all.
 BG: 	Tell me some of the artists who recorded your songs?
 CM:  	Oh, hell.
 Um, the Airplane, Solomon Burke, The Remains, Judy Collins, Ginsberg---
 BG:  	Allen Ginsberg.

o92mir0m92m la0m la92m la0m la la la la la la la la92m la0m92m The0m
-
“This is but a taste of what we must do.”
 “Very well,” Harruq said.
 He tried to follow but the pain in his side stopped him.
 He clutched his bleeding side and breathed deeply.
 His armor had saved him, but the elf had managed to penetrate deeper than he thought.
 “Are you fine, Harruq?” Qurrah asked, glancing back and halting his walk.
 “I’m coming,” he said, marching after his brother.
 He hid his pain well.
 The alley opened up to the main street, running south from the center of town into the forest beyond.
 It was there that the bulk of combat had spread.

self tos middle of the forest, on the street leading south of92m the0m center92m of0m92m town0m,92m when0m92mru0m
-
My paycheck wasn't going to cut it.
 I was still trying to decide whether or not to head back into the cafeteria, when the first bell rang, signaling a fitting end to a disappointment-filled lunch.
 History wasn't any better, and we had a sub for Physics.
 Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
 It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
 Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
 Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.
 By the time I finally half-collapsed at my normal table in the tutor lab, all I could think about was how nice it would be to see Brandon one more time as he drove me home.
 I looked around to verify that all of the usual suspects were there.
 Geeks, check.

ce92m,0m check. Small tech patrol, check92m.0m The river92m works0m,92m check0m. Chief92m of0m Police says
-
I was on seven, and still waiting for the buzz, when I sensed my stool tipping backward.
 If I had asked, once I recovered, Cliff would’ve told me what else happened between the time I started tipping and the morning after.
 But I preferred not to know.
 I already had earned at least enough shame for a guy my age.
 The way I recall, I tipped backward and landed in the shotgun seat of our Chevy, where I woke up shivering.
 Dawn had commenced.
 The sky was cornflower blue.
 We were parked on dirt near a bridge across the Tia Juana River, about fifty yards downstream from a squatter village of tin-roofed stick and cardboard shacks.
 The river was low and mossy green below a film tinted with shimmering rainbows.
 A few women in rebosos of vivid reds and oranges waded and filled clay pots and coffee cans with water.

 barely conceal92m her0m hair92m from0m the mist92m,0m which set her hands on fire to92m one0m side of the92m interstate0m
-
Efforts to accelerate the dismantling of both trade and non-trade barriers should be viewed as a central element of a global strategy to stimulate employment generation.
 6.Debt repayments: The debt problem is a major obstacle to the development and welfare of at least 60 heavily indebted, developing countries, including two-thirds of the world's poorest nations.
 Most of these countries suffered a decline in per capita income over the past decade and are now in arrears with more than 20 per cent of their debt obligations.
 The debt burden discourages new foreign investment and lending to these coun tries and prevents them from stimulating economic growth through additional domestic savings and investment.
 International debt relief has helped ten, mostly middle-income, debtor countries significantly reduce their commercial debt.
 Past actions to relieve the debt burden on low-income countries have been relatively small in relation to the amount of debt, which has continued to rise under the combined impact of accumulated interest arrears on old loans, falling export commodity prices, and new compensatory loans, frequently given on expensive terms.
 Unrealistic pressure to repay debt undermines debtors' capacity for constructive initiative.
 Past experience has shown that mere debt rescheduling in these countries does not solve the problem and may in fact aggravate it.
 The extent of the problem is reflected in the heavily discounted prices of the debts of countries with low and lower-middle incomes in the secondary market and in negotiated buy-outs of the debt owed to commercial creditors.
 In 1993, the average market price of the debt was about 30 cents on the dollar.

2m nations0m, some of which were high-income92m,0m and most of which92m had0m complied petroleum92m convention0m 92m(0m
-
That means we now have three decent riding horses.
 Not the Dire war mounts that I know you want, but an upgrade on what we had.
 The local armorer was also able to piece together some steel chain that was decent quality and a good leather harness for Doi’van and he was able to repair your armor.
 You now also have some chain that should fit over your leather armor.” Imeralda added, “I was able to recover only about a score of the arrows, but I have been working with some of the wood nymphs and the armorer and we now have a full set of arrows again.” Doi’van, at her motion towards his armor, picked up the pile of chain mail and tried it over his head.
 The opening on top actually fit over his huge head.
 Doi’van guessed that it had been the chain of the large overweight slaver that he had killed.
 While the equipment was all of average quality, Rodregas was smiling because clearly there were three sets of everything plus a pack horse for equipment.
 Imeralda was clearly planning on joining them.
 While that is what his heart hoped for he was not sure if it was the smartest move.
 When they were working on the tack for the horses, he went ahead and asked.

m run0m at with92m 0m92m pride0m.. Doi’van turned down92m the0m92m offer0m then started walking.<eop>
-
“It is a law set forth by both the Celestials and the Infernals.
 Do you know the source of Magic?” he asked her.
 Imeralda nodded, “Sure, there are four sources of magic: mortal, Celestial, Infernal and elemental.
 It is one of the reasons I am prized for my potential with more than one power.
 My AElven ancestry is strong with mortal magic, but my Nymph side is strong in elemental magic.
 If an Immortalist takes my power, he or she could become stronger in both.” “Mostly correct,” Jordaan said.
 “It is actually a topic of much debate among magicians.
 I go along with the belief that there is no such thing as ‘mortal’ magic.
 While we don’t have time now to go over all the proof, the general thought is that mortals are truly just animals and don’t produce magic.
 It is only our connection to other realms that provides us power.

m the0m fact is that there92m are0m four92m sources0m of magic. The source92m of0m magic in gray92m is0m no
-
But, we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.... Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization – these are the goals of the United Nations.
 In order for this revolution to have its full beneficial impact on the world’s political and economic affairs, its principles need to be extended to cover all nations and international institutions.
 The end of the confrontation between democratic and autocratic superpowers within the UN system opens up the possibility of finally translating the idealistic aims of the UN into practical realities.
 First and foremost is the prospect of extending representative government to all nations.
 This effort will be given strong impetus by establishing democracy as a minimum condition for membership and participation of states in the affairs of the UN.
 It is true that the UN stands for diversity and pluralism, but not when it comes to freedom and human rights.
 True pluralism and diversity can only be exercised and enjoyed by people in freedom.
 Recognizing the considerable effort that will be needed to prepare still subject people and to train national leaders in democratic institutions and processes, all possible support should be extended by the international community to make available the knowledge and skills needed to build viable political institutions.
 The UN should establish a graded, time-bound programme for the transformation of authoritarian states.
 Should the people of any country themselves prefer an alternative system, let them freely make that choice by electoral process.

m92m the0m presidents92m to0m be chosen92m by0m the UN Secretary92m 0m(General) be conducted in accordance with the92m principles0m
-
In the dark of my room, I collapsed onto the bed, dropping asleep to the thrum of falling rain.
 I woke gasping from another dream of my mother and destruction.
 The rain had stopped, and the sun was rising, so I wiped the sweat from my brow and went to the hall pitcher to splash my face.
 The dark roots of my hair were stark in the mirror’s reflection, and I recalled the dream.
 The memories of my mother were fuzzy, but I’d always thought she’d had light hair, beautiful and golden like Junnie’s.
 In the dreams, it was black… as black as the roots of my hair were now.
 I stood there for a long moment, staring at the darkness, and then spun as I made another stupid, rash decision.
 Slinking past Fannie’s room, I headed for her makeshift vault.
 She kept all the things I wasn’t allowed to touch in that room; it was supposed to be off limits.
 Not that I’d bothered trying much, because there was a large flat stone—covering where it hid in the floor—that I’d never been able to move.

lt was as hard to climb92m as0m92m one0m could. but I took three steps92m and0m92m over0m it until92m it0m was
-
I dream of a heaven where Mary, my beloved grandma, can meet my Zoë.
 She is a blessing of inestimable worth, a beauty with a noble round face and hundreds of expressions, and she’s strong, with the same broad shoulders and barrel chest as her weight-lifting brother.
 Twice lately I have encountered the same Bible verse, from the prophet Joel.
 "I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophecy, your old men shall dream dreams."
 Zoë’s mom, though a little weakened and weary, looks ecstatic as though dancing in a circle of angels, and I am caught up in a love bigger than before.
 I want to cradle my new daughter (very carefully), forever.
 All at once, I want to hold Zoë, Pam, Darcy, Cody, my cousins, ancestors, descendants.
 God and everybody.
 Me v. God
 As it appears I’m too attached to the world to live for and with God like Brother Lawrence did, I try to console myself by thinking of one of my favorite writers, Andre Dubus.

ould92m shine0m in each moment of92m life0m.<eop> What92m is0m Andre Dubus really92m mean0m when many of92m our0m
-
_The Broken Pieces_
 THE BREAKING WORLD
 _Dawn of Swords_
 _Wrath of Lions_
 _Blood of Gods_
 * Map Map{{{1 !
 [map](map.png)
 * Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 1
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

92m _0m _ _ X92m X0m92m _0m X X _92m THE0m BEAR92m<eop>0m _ _ _ _ _
-
We talked on the phone and upon discovering he would be near our homes on a business trip, arranged a meeting at a hotel—with Thomas too.
 Thomas begged out at the last minute, and without contacting Richard I brought my friend Bill with me for the drive into the bay area.
 When I knocked on the door of the hotel room, my father opened the door looked at me, called me Thomas, and then he looked at Bill and called him by my name.
 He didn’t even know what his own kids looked like.
 We spent a brief time in the hotel room getting our names and heritage correct then we were off to dinner.
 During the dinner, Richard asked if I could “score some toot” which I discovered meant find cocaine.
 Well, I didn’t need to look much past my pocket to score, so we ended up getting drunk and snorting toot to commemorate our father and son reunion.
 At the time, it seemed like, “Wow, my dad is cool,” but I later realized how sick it all truly was.
 The fact is, this man was never a father or a dad or anything to me.
 Richard basically knocked my mother up in high school, married her, had another son and abandoned her and his sons while they were still babies.

2m the0m92m thought0m of anybody92m trying0m92m to0m raise them and that92m more0m than twenty years ago was going to kill every
-
A comprehensive and coordinated international effort is called for to improve the global climate for economic growth and job creation by evolving stable and supportive policies to regulate capital flows, foreign trade, debt, commodity pricing, immigration and labour movements, transfer of technology, investment, military spending and the arms trade.
 We set forth below a broad policy framework to stimulate global job growth with the aim of achieving full employment early in the twenty-first century.
 1.World Employment Programme: Raising incomes and creating jobs in the developing countries is the best way to promote global economic growth and employment generation in the coming decades.
 The World Summit on Social Development should call for a comprehensive World Employment Programme to stimulate more rapid growth in developing countries as an engine for global economic expansion.
 The International Labour Organization has operated a programme for the past two decades, but solution of the employment problem requires an integrated approach that transcends the scope of any single international agency.
 The programme should establish specific objectives and co ordinate efforts to stimulate international investment, increase labour market flexibility, promote productive skills, diffuse technology, eliminate protectionist trade policies that retard growth, increase trade between developing countries, and promote international cooperation on taxation systems to encourage more labour-oriented tax codes.
 2.Coordination of macro-economic policies: The efforts of the industrial nations to achieve higher rates of economic growth and job creation are stymied by the need to maintain macro-economic stability at the same time.
 Due to the competition between OECD members to attract financial resources, rising interest rates or falling inflation rates in one country influence the inflow and outflow of financial resources from other members of the community.
 The efforts to curb inflation at the expense of slower economic growth and job creation need not be so rigorous, if OECD members more closely coordinated their policies to support macro-economic expansion.
 A modest, relatively uniform rise in inflation rates within the OECD would not then result in a significant movement of resources or fluctuation in exchange rates.

e in monetary policy will consequently generally not92m require0m allowance92m for0m elsewhere in92m the0m entire OECD.92m What0m happens92m in0m the
-
This was my place.
 I heard Ruby behind me now.
 In a low voice she said, “They have heard of your return.
 They have come to see for themselves.” Their rulers had burned, along with so many of their families.
 After the massacre, there had been no one.
 From the dead, it seemed, I had returned.
 Chevelle stepped to my right side, placing something cold and heavy in my hand.
 My sword.
 I knew what to do then.
 I took a deep, steadying breath as I raised the blade to the air.

 it caused92m more0m power to92m surge0m, so92m I0m could strike it. not too92m much0m electricity92m.0m something like
-
The organization of crafts, commerce, armies, governments – constructed from a fabric of customs, rules, systems and laws – each made use of the material resources for greater productivity, power and achievement.
 At each stage of this evolution, society discovered the power of knowledge to increase further the productivity of the material, technological and organizational resources at its disposal.
 A knowledge of weather patterns boosted productivity in agriculture.
 A knowledge of astronomy enabled sea-worthy vessels to travel across the oceans to distant lands.
 This led to the invention of systematic education as a method to pass on acquired knowledge and skills to the next generation and thereby continuously increase them.
 The Ultimate Resource
 These rich and varied discoveries came as the result of a careful observation and analysis of the external world around us, an infinite exploration and experimentation with things, an endless trial and error blending of minerals and plants to forge metals and produce medicines.
 As a result, for millennia we have tended to overlook or, at best, grossly underestimate the greatest of all resources and the true source of all the discoveries, inventions, creativity and productive power found in nature – the resource that has made minerals into ships that sail the skies, fashioned grains of sand into tiny electronic brains, released the energy of the sun from the atom, modified the genetic code of plants to increase their vigour and productivity – the ultimate resource, the human being.
 World Food Prize recipient and father of India’s milk revolution, Dr V. Kurien, has decried the tendency to credit external factors for the accomplishment of people.
 ‘It is the farmer that has produced this miracle, not the cow.’ And so it can be said of the Industrial Revolution and the Green Revolution.

can produce even the most ripe Indian pel92mlet0m92m seeds0m92m to0m satisfy92m his0m crops. Production can92m promote0m health
-
A time when Dad had been talking about negotiating with someone for work.
 "Don't be afraid of silence, Adri.
 Especially not when you know you're right.
 Let the silence work on people for a little while and they'll usually start to crack."
 That was the last thing I wanted to do right now, but I kept my mouth shut anyways.
 It was almost like I could see the gray matter starting to heat up as the mayor tried to figure out exactly what I knew and how much I just suspected.
 "Act of God indeed.
 Fancy that.
 Well, surprising as it may be, Fredrick doesn't know everything there is to know about the world."
 He was turning to leave, and most of me was screaming to just thank him and wave goodbye, but there had been something in his eyes that had me convinced he'd been lying.

m What0m would make92m me0m angry would make to92m have0m someone92m else0m closer to walk92m away0m. a great deal
-
Jasmin had her cell phone out before she'd even made it to the stairs, and the sound of a massive engine under hard acceleration heralded the arrival of our limo.
 I leaned back in my seat as everyone else settled into their spots.
 Alec pulled out his pocket square and used it to dab away my tears.
 "I'm sorry.
 I didn't mean to set you down so hard."
 Jasmin interrupted before I could say anything.
 "Any slower and you'd have been cut off from the rest of us by those mutts."
 My confusion must have been obvious.
 Dominic looked up from Jess.
 "Vincent and Cassie cut Jess and Isaac off from the rest of us."

at everyone thought of what92m happened0m to my Than92mos0m92m,0m but they were all92m unhappy0m with Dominic92m running0m on
-
Do you know what it feels like to be torn in two?
 To desperately want two things when you can only have one?"
 "No."
 He glanced at her.
 "I just wish I was the one you wanted most."
 She caught her breath, covering her mouth with her hand and running from the room.
 Rick hated himself for pushing her like that, but he couldn't seem to help it.
 He was desperate.
 He knew now that he could keep her here, but how could he do that when she wanted so much to go home?
 He ordered Chinese, and Marie came down just after it arrived.

0m been attentive. 92m"0mI92m saw0m,92m"0m he told Marie. "Will you92m stay0m the
-
“You’re going to be beating my ass in a few weeks if you keep learning as fast as you are.”
 “Don’t worry,” she said, patting his hand.
 “Your ass is safe with me.”
 Harruq laughed at the absurdity.
 Aurelia, meanwhile, absently drew lines in the dirt.
 He watched for a moment, suddenly nervous and quiet.
 The words of his brother echoed in his head.
 “Aurry?” he asked.
 “You said most elves remember when men were created…‌do you know how orcs were made?”
 The elf looked at him.

othing else me except that his brother was. Har92mru0mq92m also0m said92m somehow0m the or92mc0ms wanted92m to0m
-
“Yes it is.
 Thanks tattle-tale Seth.” “Well you did and I thought the group had a right to know that.” Seth said sharply.
 “How could you Jazell?
 You could have gotten seriously hurt.
 Plus I bet all of us want a shot at them too.” She huffed and shook her head.
 The light brown curls that framed her pretty face bounced around playfully.
 “I’m fine Emily, seriously.” Jason was silent.
 He never talked much like Emily, who was easily the most talkative, friendly person I knew.
 Jason was more of the silent, watching type, who said little but noticed much.
 I traced in a puddle on the table, avoiding everyone’s eye contact as they stared at me.

ve shook92m Emily0m up. Everyone was pretty quietly me92m,0m Seth92m and0m Emily.92m<eop>0m Jason jerked92m at0m something and
-
He's in no kind of way needing yet more to fret about.
 Just let me catch my breath and I'll be as right as ever."
 Several minutes later, once the renewed bout of coughing had subsided, Mallory looked back up at me with wan features.
 "How did it happen?
 What brought things between Brandon and our Alec to a head?"
 "It was my fault.
 I'd been dating Brandon, and we went to a party.
 Only while we were there he tried to do things I wasn't comfortable with.
 When I told him no, he--they--threw me out and told me to find my own way home."
 It was harder to relate the story than I'd expected, but Mallory's cluck of disapproval over Brandon's actions helped a little.

2m same0m solemn look on92m Mallory0m92m face0m a few moments later92m,0m moving her slowly toward him.92m<eop>0m While that
-
She really believed this rumor would change everything for the better.
 It all made sense, but didn't explain who'd started it, or why they'd done it.
 Rachel's face told me she wouldn't answer either of those questions.
 I finally settled on one I thought she might answer.
 "Why are you telling me all this?"
 Rachel's face tried to take on her liar's mask, but didn't quite succeed.
 "You risked a lot to stop Cassie from hurting me.
 The least I can do is tell you anything I know that could save you from getting hurt in return."
 She was telling the truth.
 Not all of it, but at least some of it.

one who spoke to me92m from0m a part my body could92m better0m do it92m for0m92m say0m. hope someone was92m learning0m
-
I'd never heard her be quite so cynical.
 It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
 My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.
 I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.
 By the time the actual dance arrives, everyone who is anyone will have a date, most of them picked out by the girl weeks before the boy even started thinking about the dance."
 There wasn't really any bitterness in her voice, but there was something, maybe the same kind of longing I felt when I talked about Prom.
 "You're probably right.
 That would fit with what I know of Britney so far."

ng it with92m the0m sort of92m tear0mful92m,0m even sympathy characteristic92m of0m Britney when92m she0m found out new boyfriend.
-
The words weren't anything special, but there was something about the way he said them that made me absolutely sure he'd deliver on his promise, that he was somehow completely in control of his surroundings.
 The intensity in his stare was too much, and I found myself looking away, trying to buy some time to collect myself.
 Luckily I wasn't so far gone as to not recognize where we were.
 "Oh, gosh, that was the turnoff to my house.
 I'm so sorry."
 Brandon flashed me another smile and quickly maneuvered his car through a U-turn, a feat I was fairly certain was harder than it looked in the bulky muscle car.
 "No harm done.
 You guys bought the old Anderson home then?"
 I nodded, staring out at the desolate landscape.
 "You mean every single person in town doesn't already know everything there is to know about us?"

in.92m<eop>0m "Too92m far0m gone, Brandon.92m"0m Then I glanced out on the92m stone0m92m to0m
-
My wife woke to my screaming and she was as shocked as I was when I showed her the test results.
 Brandon had to want to get better.
 As he packed his meager belongings, I grabbed the hand held video player and replayed the footage I had taped of him detoxing.
 He begged me to stop the video as he could hear himself on it screaming in agony as his body craved this drug.
 Brandon was crying uncontrollably as he tried to look away from the video that I continued to shove in front of his face.
 Lisa stood there pale and exhausted, frightened like the night of his intervention.
 As I remember it, she resembled my mother, so many years before, when we visited Thomas in prison.
 Lisa could not add even a word.
 Brandon left our home with little in his hands and got into what was once a nice little car, but was now something appropriate for a salvage yard with body damage, a driver’s door that wouldn’t open, and water leaking through missing door seals.
 Brandon had to get in from the passenger side of this wreck of a car, symbolic of his wreck of a life.

 detox protection has never truly92m been0m thoroughly92m tested0m as92m I0m92m instructed0m my wife to not use drug92m A0mACT to
-
He felt an unseen hand grab his chest, and then they were running blind.
 The minutes crawled, their frantic breathing the only audible sound.
 Qurrah lagged further and further behind, unable to keep the pace.
 Harruq tightened his grip on his wrist and pulled him along.
 The terrain sloped beneath them as they climbed a hill.
 Another quick shift and they were stumbling down that same hill.
 The cold hand vanished.
 The cloud dissipated.
 Before him, standing with his arms crossed, waited Velixar.
 Qurrah stunned his brother by falling to one knee and bowing his head.

0mshusheku92m conferred0m Velixar glimpse92md0m a hand in the so very familiar92m mud0m92m.0m It
-
Just as Rodregas relaxed from the heart pounding life or death moment that had awoken him, the man holding the rake stepped forward.
 Rodregas realized that he was even taller and bigger than the first one.
 The attacker swung the rake right at him with all his weight behind it.
 Rodregas was too close to dodge, and the rake hit his wounded gut straight on with the full brunt of his attacker’s weight.
 Rodregas swooned in pain as his fresh wound took the blunt of the blow.
 He had started to feel like he was faster and stronger than everyone else, and had not been expected the power of the blow.
 Rodregas went flying back down to the ground moaning.
 He rolled with it and came back up.
 Rodregas thought about the attacker and realized that here was one that would be a challenge.
 Judging by the distance his attacker kept and how he was clearly keeping his center of gravity low and balanced, Rodregas knew this opponent was a challenge.

m her0m two home games from92m a0m network team that92m had0m always held dominance on the home92m field0m. He92m was0m
-
Why!”
 “I don’t know!” he cried.
 Strength surged into him, dark and unholy.
 In the blink of an eye, he twirled both swords, knocked Aurelia’s staff from her hand, and then looped his right arm all the way around to bury Condemnation deep into her stomach.
 Everything, all fighting, all arguing, all bleeding, living and dying halted at that moment.
 For Harruq, there was only the sight of Aurelia doubled over, her eyes filled with sadness.
 His arm yanked the blade out of her, without any thought on his part.
 “Harruq?” she gasped.
 She fell on her back, still clutching her bleeding abdomen.
 That look of sadness tore through his rage.

2m.0m I92m saw0m that amount of hurt in his92m eyes0m92m,0m like92m bread0m surrounding it’s soft piecess
-
Together they encompass the two basic components of all development personal and institutional, individual and collective.
 The challenge is to develop simultaneously both individual and social capacities and utilize their potentials in a complementary manner.
 For the individual, development involves acquisition of greater know ledge, more progressive attitudes, improved skills and higher values.
 For the collective, development involves establishment of more useful and productive institutions, systems, organizations and cultural values.
 The conventional view that development is essentially a function of scarce economic inputs must give way to the perception that the opportunities and potentials for rapid development far exceed actual achievements in every country.
 Looking back over the past few decades, we realize that the speed of social progress could certainly have been much greater than it was.
 The tremendous potential for accelerating development is most easily illustrated by in stances in which actual achievements substantially excelled expectations, such as the enormous leap in world agriculture during the 1960s and 1970s and the phenomenal growth of incomes, employment and exports in East Asia during the last ten years.
 These unforeseen accomplishments reflect the magnitude of potentials that these countries possessed but had not previously utilized.
 The untapped resources of the society can be categorized under several headings:
 Knowledge of the process of development and the factors that stimulate it.

 of the forces behind92m it0m is92m limited0m92m partially0m understood in the sense that92m one0m not92m yet0m seen it happened. Knowledge
-
“Emily I need some defrost.” I called to her as the cold seeped through my pants and bit at my skin.
 Emily turned her head and was about to reply when the dog caught her robe.
 She spun around, shooting fire and completely forgetting my cry for help.
 At the same time my dog attacker pushed me to the ground, freeing my legs for me.
 “Get off me mutt.” I growled at his face.
 He stared down at me, debating whether or not to freeze me right away.
 That was his mistake because while he was waiting, I had brought my hunting dagger down on him.
 I stood up and shook the heavy body off.
 I didn’t even have time to breath before one of the Thrashers decided that they would like to have a taste of me.
 I decided that I didn’t want to be shredded like some old rug, so I moved out of his path.

 you need92m water0m, but it92m won0m’t hurt if92m you0m92m stay0m calm92m.0m”<eop> nodded and
-
She then sat back and put her hands to her forehead while the half-orc tried to remember where he was.
 “Can you find him?” Harruq asked her, realizing what she was doing.
 He sat on his rear and began readjusting his armor to his more slender frame.
 “In time,” she said.
 “I have met him only once, but I doubt there are any like him.
 Stay quiet and be patient.”
 Her mind was a net, and she cast it further and further out, scanning the rolling hills and the plains beyond.
 “Found him,” she whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

en Harruq realized92m that0m92m she0m had placed92m her0ms on92m his0m92m left0m cheek.<eop> A feeling in her
-
The half-orc mumbled and rolled his eyes.
 Aurelia leaned back against a tree, her eyes studying him.
 Her look gave him shivers, both good and bad.
 “Tell me about yourself,” she said.
 Harruq raised an eyebrow.
 “Your childhood.
 Your likes.
 Your life.”
 “For what reason?” he asked.
 “I heard those men.

2m him0m about92m me0m92m.0m But you didn92m’0mt tell me about92m yourself0m.” Harru later began.
-
The Gulf War was a dramatic illustration of the importance of reliable information, perfect planning, logistical support systems, effective chains of command and swift responsiveness to changing situations.
 If humankind could mobilize and apply the same efficiency to the war on poverty and unemployment that it has exhibited in preparing for and waging military wars against each other, very soon there would be no more poverty or unemployment to fight.
 During the Second World War Ford Motors converted from manufacture of cars for the masses to making trucks and airplanes for the military, producing B-24 bombers at the rate of one per hour from a single production plant.
 If conversion from civilian to military production could be carried out by so many countries within one or two years, it must be possible to convert the military from war-based to peace-based applications, and defence industries from military to civilian production, within half a decade.
 That requires human resourcefulness in organizational innovation.
 Organization is the means by which people work together cooperatively to achieve common goals and, in the process, to serve society in a wide range of functions.
 The achievement of food security and full employment depends on the establishment of new types of public and private organizations – commercial, financial, industrial, export, research, educational and training.
 These institutions are needed to encourage, support, standardize, regulate and control development activities.
 New institutions lie behind the success of most major development achievements.
 India’s Green Revolution was as much a product of new quasi-governmental organizations created for supplying inputs, warehousing and marketing as it was of new farm technology.

that92m revolution0m avoided the problems that had led to over water92m loss0m92m,0m92m conditions0m92m,0m the invasion of biodiversity
-
After a few minutes she spoke, “The Gods and Daemon Lords are allowed to choose champions, but are not allowed to speak directly to any mortal.
 For this moment you are enough in the Celestial Realm for me to ask you a question: I don’t understand why you have chosen that.” As she spoke she raised her slim perfect arm and pointed at his shadow.
 He lowered his great head and studied the dark shape.
 The great lion had to admit the shadow was odd, slimmer than his great bulk, strangely dark in the day and the shadow’s eyes seem to glow the bright yellow color of flame.
 He shook his great head and mane as if to free it from the strange shadow, and growled, “You are a Goddess; you can see all.” Blodeuwedd nodded, she forgot to walk for a moment, as if in deep thought, but still she kept up with the Great Lion stalking through the grassland.
 “I can see all in our realm, and all in the mortal realm that is seen by one of our followers.
 I cannot see into the Infernal or Elemental Realms, and I think you have entered both.
 I do not know what this means.” The two continued through the grass for a few moments in silence.
 The Great Lion did not understand the Goddess’ questions or concerns.
 But he understood his own power, which in its way was as great as any god’s.

92m forth0m92m they0m walked,92m both0m92m one0m walking by the stockmas. The was92m one0m knew that the other was
-
Her lock finally clicked and she stood up.
 The boys were walking side by side towards the play set.
 It wasn’t actually that small but it looked that way from the street.
 There were six swings and a tower with four slides attached to it.
 I ran after them with Emily right behind me.
 I slowed down next to Jason and put my arm on his shoulder.
 “Hey Jason, do you know Seth’s a liar?” I asked and Seth shot me a bad look.
 Jason frowned at me, “What are you talking about, Jazell?” “He broke his own rules.
 He was out scouting without telling us.” I smiled and Jason stiffened.
 “What?” he growled.

e92m a0m huge li92mar0m. "92mAnd0m92m we0m might be following him, Mr92m.0m Mayor. You
-
She'd loved the pizza they'd had last night.
 It had been thick and gooey and messy.
 She'd found it both delicious and fun to eat.
 "Maybe tomorrow night.
 I think we need something a little less fattening tonight.
 Why don't I barbecue some chicken?"
 She wrapped potatoes and put them in the oven while he got the grill going.
 "Do you barbecue in 1927?"
 "My family doesn't.
 Other people do."

ttle garlic she 92mfri0med92m in0m92m the0m pan. The grill took on a92m beautiful0m yet92m handsome0m, big
-
“I have given up everything for you, Harruq.
 Don’t you see that?
 My friends, my family, my home; they are all gone from me.
 Because of you.
 Don’t make it all for nothing.”
 Harruq’s anger and frustration simmered and swirled in a dying fire.
 He could not argue with her, not about that.
 Even he could see what she had sacrificed to save his life.
 “Where do we go?” he asked, his voice revealing his defeat.
 “We’ll figure it out in the morning.

f. I92m ended0m up hiding my violence92m in0m the during. I had have92m to0m92m.0m Oh92m,0m yeah
-
Some insist he was overtaken by love and she came willingly.
 Others that he raided her village and took her in the night.
 A servant once told me he heard of her extraordinary powers and beauty and sought her out, bargaining with her parents.
 I scoffed at that.
 What kind of person would trade their child?
 But now that I am older, I see.
 I see what power and greed can become.
 My doubts about the more outlandish stories, those about the obsession with power and ideas of breeding a stronger line, are gone.
 But maybe they were in love.
 Maybe she was impressed by his station, maybe she had her own ambitions.

olerated?92m She0m wanted to be counted down as92m an0m92m fair0mer than her father or grandfather.92m She0m92m was0m
-
It should have been obvious what he had in mind, but it wasn't until his hand was under my shirt and moving upwards that my overloaded mind caught up with events.
 I tried to protest, tried harder to push myself away from him, but he just held onto me tighter than even before.
 His hand was just millimeters away from its target, and I was starting to see stars from lack of air, before I finally remembered some of the tricks my dad had shown me.
 I slammed my heel down on his left foot, and then brought my knee upwards towards his crotch, only to hit nothing but air as he spun me around.
 "What the crap are you doing?"
 He wasn't even limping.
 He seemed more surprised than angry.
 "What was I doing?
 Maybe trying to convince you to keep your hands to yourself, you think?"
 As soon as the words came out I started wishing I hadn't said them.

92m,0m I didn't92m belong0m to him. I couldn92m'0mt belong to a92m Fa0me92m or0m some
-
"Do you barbecue in 1927?"
 "My family doesn't.
 Other people do."
 "Really?
 What do you do at all those garden parties?"
 He laid the chicken on the grill.
 "Gossip and eat little sandwiches and sip tea."
 "Sounds like fun."
 He rolled his eyes.
 She sat down in a lounge chair on the patio.

92m looked0m at it.92m.0m. wasthe92m ocean0m. waves, ifitish sun and92m fish0m92m contrast0m
-
Your mom is about to pull into the driveway.
 Do your best to convince her you spent the night safely at home.
 We'll stay here and watch over the two of you.
 Also, if you can convince her it's safe to leave on an extended trip, that would be very helpful.
 Once she's gone, I'll come back for you."
 I opened my mouth to ask him what he meant, only to be distracted by the sound of the Jeep's engine as it rolled to a stop on the cement pad.
 As I looked back, Alec's eyes captured me.
 "You're sure this is what you want?"
 I managed a nod, and then the downstairs door crashed open.
 "Adri, honey.

" I92m heard0m Alec calling from92m the0m kitchen92m as0m I stood in the doorway92m.0m 92m"0mThat's
-
The present competitive system depends on the ability of each individual nation to defend its own borders and interests against external threats.
 Such a system necessarily demands massive investments by each country in military capabilities.
 These investments are inevitably perceived by other nations as real or potential threats to their own security, thus fuelling compensatory escalation of military capabilities by other states.
 Calls for disarmament alone cannot and will not eliminate the problem.
 They must be complemented by concrete measures to establish an alternative mechanism to ensure the security of nations.
 This is one of the major reasons why expectations of a massive peace dividend have not been fulfilled.
 World military spending has not declined significantly because the competitive security paradigm remains intact.
 Steps being taken by the members of the European Union to build a truly cooperative security system indicate the right direction for the world as a whole.
 It is no wonder that the first such initiative comes in Europe, which has been the leader of thought for the past 500 years – from the birth of modern science and parliamentary democracy to nationalism, socialism and universal education – and which has been working for the past five decades to evolve a viable working model of fully democratic, voluntary supra-nationalism.
 Democratization of the UN: The phenomenal advance of Europe’s multi-dimensional unification is a clear indication that in future international institutions will play a more important role than national governments.

cess in the future will92m be0m uncertain,92m but0m they92m will0m92m not0m stop here in In Europe,92m the0m most successful
-
Seth led the way as we followed a faint path through the unknown.
 I was bringing up the rear of the line, Emily in front of me.
 I watched her cloak swish around her ankles, the rhythm surprisingly soothing to me.
 The silence was unnatural, and I felt like there should be some kind of sound.
 I shouldn't have thought that.
 Out of nowhere I heard a single rattle.
 Then it suddenly stopped.
 A feeling of unease rose inside of me but I kept walking.
 Then another rattle that didn't end sounded, vibrating all around us.
 Another seemed to join it, then another and another until the noise was unbearably loud.

later we92m were0m on another lost path.92m I0m wondered why92m did0m we suddenly stop92m.0m I92m was0m still in
-
A comprehensive theoretical study of soils, climate, vegetation and topography conducted in 1975 indicated that both land and water utilized for agriculture could be doubled, if necessary, and that the earth could support 36 times the 1975 level (18 times the 1990 level) of cereal production using the same share of cultivated land.
 There would be severe practical obstacles to such a vast expansion of croplands, but these findings suggest that physical limitations to food production are not the primary constraints.
 A more commonly accepted estimate indicates that the world’s land and water used for agriculture could more than double.
 Agriculture’s Dual Role
 Achieving food security necessitates increasing food production and employment opportunities.
 Agriculture plays a dual role in the abolition of hunger – it produces the food and it can also produce a great many of the jobs needed by households to buy food in developing countries.
 Since agriculture is the world’s single largest employer, raising production and productivity in this sector can immediately place additional purchasing power in the hands of the rural poor, who will in turn utilize the additional income for purchasing more food, clothing and other basic consumer goods that will create more jobs and higher incomes for countless others.
 The increased agricultural produce becomes raw material for a wide range of agro-based industries and services that stimulate formation of new enterprises, and create downstream jobs as well as products for further processing, domestic sale or export.
 This is the rationale behind the Prosperity 2000 strategy for India, which forms a viable model for many other countries to emulate.
 Promoting job creation in agriculture appears at first glance to contradict the global trend of the past hundred years, in which employment in this sector has declined steadily from historic highs of more than 70 per cent in the industrial nations to the point where, today, only 2 per cent of the workforce in the UK, 3 per cent in the USA and 4 per cent in Germany are directly engaged in farm operations, although a much larger percentage of the workforce in these countries work in businesses and industries linked to agriculture.

ok for employment92m has0m deteriorated in the92m U0m.S92m.0m and92m South0m Korea by92m multiple0m factors as rising levels of
-
Liz – She’s coming to Thanksgiving dinner with us?
 Jim – What?
 Cleo is eating here?
 (Jim leaps over the back of the couch and starts sorting through the cushions)
 Art – Yes, Charles is out of town so we invited her.
 Jim – Where are they?
 Curse them.
 Ah ha!
 Here they are.
 (Jim holds up the Groucho glasses disguise from earlier).

Yeah. G. Kre92m.0m. They92m,0m R., are strengthening92m the0m story (92m you0m
-
Why didn’t you tell us?” I asked.
 Seth looked away.
 “It didn’t actually include you or anyone else, so I didn't say anything.” He paused.
 “They said that I would betray you all and be Kojas' servant.
 I would be the key to the downfall of Igneeria.
 I don't know what to do Jazell; I don't even know if those things are true.
 They won't attack me and I swear, if you gave them a minute, I bet they would help me.” He was talking so fast the words almost blurred together.
 “I don't know what to say Seth,” I said.
 “Maybe you shouldn't worry, maybe they're wrong.
 You can control what happens.

 you can92m make0m92m I0mgneeria92m for0m good.92m<eop>0m<eod> Dole or Nixon? Kerry or Bush92m?0m
-
The Polish fellow began goading me, first about my clothes, then about the beard I had grown, then about what losers were all us from California.
 I attempted patience, since I was their guest and because I remembered Tony’s stories that placed him in the low range of this crowd’s toughness.
 But at last I mouthed a comeback.
 The Polish fellow threw a punch that landed square on my jaw.
 I staggered.
 He tackled me.
 I fell and my head whacked the concrete floor.
 The next I knew, several guys were pounding various parts of me.
 I couldn’t seem to move from the waist up.
 Maybe one or more of them held me down.

wn92m at0m the92m concrete0m floor. Did the somewhat uncomfortable pain in my head get to anyone92m?0m<eop>92m There0m92m next0m
-
I realized I was running.
 As I rounded a corner heading to the practice rooms, I ran into something hard.
 The impact didn’t knock me down, but the shock almost did.
 It was one of Father’s guards… one of the guards he’d taken with him.
 He had me by the arm, dragging me along before I could think.
 I couldn’t decide whether to run, whether to fight.
 And then we were in the throne room.
 My father’s face was indescribable, his fury almost tangible.
 I couldn’t bring myself to look away from him, but I saw Rune standing in my peripheral vision.
 I was caught.

ly, then quickly snapped92m into0m a control92m spell0m92m.0m92m<eop>0m<eod> Get up!!92m “0mUp!” yelled Father,
-
Without really meaning to I'd managed to alienate just about everyone at school.
 Brandon already had plenty of reasons not to be with me, it was the height of stupidity to give him any more.
 I could probably deal with not having a boyfriend, even assuming that was what we were right now.
 Going half a year without anyone to talk to because my mom was wrapped up with her art and everyone else in the town thought I was stuck-up would be more than I could take.
 The thought was enough to leave me speechless for the entire drive home.
 Brandon seemed content to leave me alone with my thoughts as he sped around the various turns at speeds that normally would've made me protest.
 As I went to leave the car, he grabbed me by my back pocket, which nearly made me shriek in surprise.
 "Hey, you know what you need to put all this in perspective?"
 "No, but then I think it's more than just a matter of my perspective being off."
 My fear of alienating him had almost vanished in the rush of indignation over how he'd grabbed me.

erapeutic92m to0m92m him0m92m through0m how everything92m seemed0m strange all of92m a0m sudden. Which is reason enough to feel happy
-
Imeralda ran her hand over the stone with a surprisingly gentle caress.
 “It is Nymph stone, right?” Rodregas asked.
 She nodded and said, “Yes, I am half Forest Nymph and half AElf and this is beautiful work.” All Nymphs have a specific attachment to nature such as forest, stone or water.
 There was a lot of variation among the Nymphs, but they could do amazing things with their element.
 A connection to stone is much sought after by mages.
 The stone could not store magic like the circles but it could smooth out the high level of magic available on ley lines and make it more comfortable to use, not in the big way of the magic of circles, but for using magic in small ways.
 And, of course, only homes made by nymphs could make living on a ley line comfortable.
 “This home truly is a find,” said Doi’van, “and now I see why the Dire Cats showed themselves to us.” “What do you mean?” Rodregas asked.
 “Dire Beasts seek such places to lair,” answered Doi’van.
 “Whether their ancestry is Celestial or Infernal, they instinctively seek a place that has a higher level of magic energy.

now much to92m explain0m this92m home0m except about knowing92m about0m92m place0m92m,”0m Doi’van added.
-
She had shapely legs-- "Rick?"
 She was growing redder as he continued to gape at her.
 "Hmmm?"
 "Does it fit?
 Is this how it's supposed to look?"
 "Oh.
 Yeah.
 It looks great."
 "Are you sure?
 It feels odd."

 great92m.0m" "92mWhat0m?"92m<eop>0m "92mSo0m here92m,0m we go!"
-
Rodregas’ first opponent looked like a grizzled army veteran; he had a red ribbon and a blue ribbon so he was a man of some skill.
 Rodregas knew he had to do well today or he had no chance.
 He stepped into the square.
 The sands of the ground shifted slightly under his weight as he circled his opponent.
 The veteran was clearly taking him seriously, going in slowly with his knees bent and his feet keeping active.
 Rodregas would have no skill advantage here.
 Rodregas was hesitant to bash his sword too much, as it was of average quality.
 While the sword should be fine for his first match, he hoped to be fighting all day today.
 He went forward leading with his round shield.
 He pushed his combatant back with some hard swings.

came down to throw him92m,0m pushing92m him0m back. He92m climbed0m up from92m the0m ground92m and0m allowed himself to
-
“He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
 Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.
 Ravenhurr was usually very solitary.” “What else do you remember about their conversation or about Van’dret?” asked Imeralda of Rodregas.
 “Nothing, I was a guard who did my duty and kept my nose out of things.
 I know little of most Immortalists other than what is common knowledge.” The four talked a bit more and then split up.
 To Rodregas’ discomfort, Jordaan and Imeralda left together.
 Doi’van trailed the others and then stepped back toward Rodregas room.
 Rodregas sagged against the bed, the wound of losing Imeralda hurting more than those of his flesh.
 “You said you knew she was a Nymph,” stated Doi’van.
 Rodregas nodded.

icipated in In a92m circle0m92m Peace0m- the SoUA Superior Sister92m 0m92m Rod0mregas asked for a cross92m sacrament0m
-
As I finished the second serving, he stepped closer to sit on the misshapen rock that rose through the earth beside me.
 He held his hand wide and a canteen flew up from a pile of things on the other side of the fire.
 He passed it to me, and I tilted it back, expecting cool water.
 I almost choked when warm wine hit my throat.
 He leaned forward to get a better look at me as I lowered the container.
 He looked as if he thought I might spook, otherwise I guessed he had plenty to say hidden beneath that smirk.
 It didn’t stop him from moving uncomfortably close, though, or eyeing me with what I was certain was the same look I’d just given my meal.
 I cleared my throat, thinking I’d made my sense of discomfort clear when he started to move, but he only stood, which brought him even closer.
 Well, parts of him.
 I turned toward the fire, tugging the pack tight against my shoulder as I prepared for a graceful exit.

e92m of0m92m a0m handful of the men92m in0m the pack, a few who92m lived0m in “war92mlock0m”
-
Neither the victor nor the victim can any longer afford to resolve conflicts violently.
 Political states may still be able to survive wars, but developmental achievements can not.
 So long as the benefits of development are confined to one or a few sections of society, the costs of militarization and war may not prevent economic and social progress.
 But when the need is to fulfil the rising expectations of the masses by extending the benefits of development to the entire society – thus enabling the society as a whole to move to the next higher level of collective affluence and fulfilment – every social resource must be garnered and harnessed for this purpose.
 The colossal cost of armaments and the catastrophic destruction of war are incompatible with the achievement of prosperity for all.
 Peace has become the fundamental imperative for development.
 War as an Instrument of Policy
 Humanity has lived with war for so many millennia that it is difficult to imagine a world without it.
 Even in the four decades of ‘peace’ following the Second World War, approximately 160 inter-state and intra-state wars, including 100 major conflicts, have been fought in developing countries, leading directly to 20 million deaths – half of them caused by the armed forces of developed countries in Korea, Indochina, Algeria and other anti-colonial wars – and to another 20 million war-related casualties.
 These massive casualties during a time of ‘peace’ are roughly equal to the total casualties incurred by all the countries of the world during the last world war.

92mre0m-92m”0m in developing countries92m is0m what92m is0m necessary for development92m cannot0m be anticipated. The rising expectations of
-
The light of Woodhaven beckoned him to his left but he dared not approach.
 Velixar would expect him to flee there, but he was as at home in the wild as he was in any town.
 He halted his run and fell to one knee.
 His adrenaline was still high, but deep inside he knew he had to find a place to rest.
 The real pain was coming.
 A glance behind did little to raise his spirits.
 He saw at least thirty undead shambling as fast as they could in a widening arc.
 If he remained where he was, he would be seen.
 He struggled to his feet and ran.
 More minutes passed.

m Ne0m92mura0mi began to weaken92m,0m but they wanted him92m to0m92m keep0m himself, long enough. He sometimes
-
The other guards laughed and shouted in agreement.
 They had spread out, flanking the half-orcs on all sides.
 The leader stepped forward and gestured with his weapon.
 “You know what this is?
 This detects elves, and every elf I find I get to politely escort out of the city.
 Oh, and their possessions, well, obviously they were stolen.
 That coin you got there, you might as well hand it over before I take it.”
 Qurrah glared while Harruq clutched the coins tighter and fought down his anger.
 He glanced back to the shed, cursing his idiocy for not retrieving his weapons while he had the chance.
 “The coin,” demanded a guard to their right.

led on the other wall of the92m shed0m92m,0m outside the hall92m from0m which they had been escorted out92m of0m92m Earlier0m
-
They all were sharp dressers.
 To them, my traveling wardrobe marked me as a hick and slob.
 So when I arrived in my jeans and flannel shirt at a party to which they hadn’t invited girls yet they still dressed in alligator shoes and polished chino slacks, at least a few of them took offense.
 The Polish fellow began goading me, first about my clothes, then about the beard I had grown, then about what losers were all us from California.
 I attempted patience, since I was their guest and because I remembered Tony’s stories that placed him in the low range of this crowd’s toughness.
 But at last I mouthed a comeback.
 The Polish fellow threw a punch that landed square on my jaw.
 I staggered.
 He tackled me.
 I fell and my head whacked the concrete floor.

broke.<eop> Tony remained with92m his0m hands on him,92m hard0m pressure their92m necklace0m collar92ms0m92m a0m right angle
-
It wasn't until after I grew up that I found out they were legends about where we came from.
 That we weren't normal like everyone else."
 "Like the...dayborn?
 What did you mean earlier?"
 Alec was quiet for so long that I thought maybe he wasn't going to answer.
 "That touches on the things you shouldn't know."
 "Please.
 It will help me go to sleep.
 I need something else to think about."
 It was a bit of a white lie.

92m'0mt92m know0m, This What is92m Inside0m me, that92m weird0m92m was0m beaten." "
-
I knew it wouldn’t be easy because as it turns out she knew of me through high school and my reputation preceded me.
 Would this “good girl” give her number to a “bad boy?” The ploy worked and somehow Lisa agreed to let me call her.
 Lisa had been dating a guy for years and I knew of him.
 He had attended our high school and he was the quarterback of the football team (my polar opposite).
 She had only come to the club the night I met her because she was angry with her boyfriend because he choose to spend Valentine’s Day with his brother playing basketball (take notes boys).
 She had called a friend who told her she could get her into this bar because she knew the bartender and they were both under legal drinking age.
 Lisa was 20.
 She was a “good girl” and hadn’t ever done anything like that.
 She had no intention of breaking up with her boyfriend.
 I looked her square in her beautiful blue eyes and I told her flatly, “You are going to fall so in love with me that you will not even remember this guy’s name!” We were married three years later.

over Casual Sex92m Wave0m From92m The0m Buy In her college years92m,0m92m she0m was dating a guy92m I0m know
-
“I pray I do not disappoint.”
 He closed his eyes, his hands stretched to either side.
 His fingers hooked and curled in strange ways, many times so twisted and odd that Harruq could not bear to watch them dance.
 Words spilled from the frail half-orc’s lips.
 Some were strong, demanding, while others came limping out, twisted in form and barely existing as they were meant to exist.
 The words, however, did not matter as much as the dark power rolling forth from Qurrah.
 His sheer will would determine the full strength of the spell.
 A cold wind came blasting in, seemingly from all directions.
 Faster and faster, the words poured from Qurrah’s pale lips.
 Harruq braced himself as his hair fluttered before his eyes.

y0m are temper, cry some mast the wind92m.0m92m you0m set it, it was as92m good0m as92m the0m
-
So he changed his mind and walked the course, and landed in the hospital.
 One evening Eric gave me a sweater and a stack of records.
 Thelonius Monk.
 Dave Brubeck with Gerry Mulligan.
 Lena Horne.
 Harry Belafonte singing blues.
 Though it might take him months to graduate, he said he was anxious to clean things out, to get prepared, ready to move.
 On the evening of Valentine’s Day, 1963, I stopped by his house and he showed me a sack half full of small candy hearts, with slogans like, “I love you” and “Hey, sweetheart.” He picked out a half dozen that asked, “Why not?” and gave me the rest of the bag, along with instructions for tomorrow at school.
 He said, “Give one to every girl who looks like she didn’t get a valentine.” I passed some around, though not half as many as Eric would have done.
 That was Friday.

 still0m see the fear when92m I0m looked at my92m pictures0m from the weekend, and his life92m was0m92m just0m two
-
"Payback sucks, doesn't it?"
 Jasmin's complete stillness was an eerie counterpoint to the waves of power still beating at me.
 I somehow knew she was just seconds away from springing when the sound of running footsteps caused all three to turn.
 Alec appeared around the corner, followed by Isaac, just a split second before Brandon sauntered into view from the opposite direction.
 The tingly feeling grew exponentially more powerful with so many more shape shifters present.
 Rubbing my arms did nothing to ward off the feeling that entire colonies of insects were skittering across my skin.
 Mr. Rindell's appearance forestalled what I'd been sure would turn into a full-blown fight.
 He sized up the situation with the canny eye of an educator who'd seen more fights over his career than most gang leaders.
 "Class is about to start, and if every one of you isn't where you're supposed to be before the bell rings, you'll have detention for the next month."
 Vincent's hiss was still almost inaudible.

 would take92m?0m92m to0m a school, you won't expect to be part of92m an0m92m Spring0m92m that0m
-
But something went wrong, and it sent him into a funk so deep, he gave up the job and asked did I want to go camping up the coast.
 We borrowed surfboards, drove to San Onofre, and pitched a tent on the cliffs.
 Between our assaults on the surf, I told Eric stories about my exploits in Pacific Beach.
 Though he chuckled about my status as top dog, he said, “I hope you know that’s not what being Superman’s about?” “Aw, give me a little credit, will you?” I snapped, annoyed that he had seen through me.
 I got more than friendly with Gloria Valenciana, who was down from Los Angeles camping with her family.
 Her dad made her turn in early.
 When I joined Eric at our campfire, I asked him why he didn’t seem interested in girls.
 “Half of my friends are girls,” he said.
 “You know what I mean.
 Don’t you get horny?” “Yeah,” he said.

e92m hot0m. I admitted it a bit.92m “0mNow always92m be0m naked,” but this92m guy0m92m laughing0m.
-
Let us begin.”
 Velixar taught until the stars retreated from the obnoxious sun.
 Qurrah returned home, his eyes sagging and his mind exhausted.
 When he climbed into bed, he fell asleep instantly.
 Not long after, Harruq rose, took his swords, and left for his own meeting.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “You’re late,” Aurelia said, stepping out from behind a tree.
 Harruq shrugged and held out two branches he had whittled into crude imitations of swords.
 “Had to make something for me to spar you with,” he said.

2m throbbing0m vanished. Qur92mur0mrah thought there had been something carved92m by0m fire.92m He0m92m bruise0m on his scalp
-
My school hadn't been bad compared to some stories I'd heard from California, but there'd still been some kids beaten pretty severely for crossing the wrong group of wannabe gang members.
 Britney had a piece of pizza, and looked like she was eyeing a piece of cake until she noticed I was trailing along behind her without a tray of my own.
 She actually sighed as she passed the cake.
 The urge to giggle was so strong I uncapped my water bottle and turned slightly to the side in an attempt to disguise my amusement.
 It was one of those moments I'd try to reconstruct in my head again and again.
 I think I must have heard the cash register till close, or maybe Britney said something.
 Whatever the reason, I took a step in her direction while still looking away, my bottle half raised, and ran into the biggest junior I'd ever seen.
 My clumsiness would've been embarrassing enough all by itself.
 Unfortunately my mostly-full bottle of water splashed all over both of us.
 I felt my cheeks go hot.

92m to0m have seconds ruined92m by0m the soggy92m water0m92m below0m. Fortunately, Britney seemed92m'0mt wearing a bigger
-
Why?”
 “Qurrah’s smart, can read and everything.
 He’d want to know why I never asked him.
 That and, well, you’re a…‌you know…”
 “What?”
 Harruq grew redder.
 “An elf!”
 “What’s wrong with that?”
 Harruq viciously plucked blades of grass.
 “I don’t know.”

eferring to the elves92m.0m<eop> Har92mru0mq got and grew redder92m.0m All in all92m,0m92m maybe0m had
-
His emphasis on leadership in thought that leads to action has served as a guiding principle for the work of the Commission.
 A more complete list of the many individuals and institutions who have contributed generously of their time and resources to our work is contained in the Acknowledgements appended to this volume.
 During 1994 and 1995, several major international events will take place.
 The International Conference on Population and Development at Cairo in September 1994, the World Summit for Social Development at Copenhagen and the Fourth World Conference on Women at Beijing in 1995, and the designation of 1995 as the International Year for Tolerance all provide unique opportunities for promoting sustainable and equitable development.
 The past 50 years since the birth of the UN have marked striking progress in every field of human endeavour, except in the areas of ecological and human security.
 We should now concentrate on these aspects of security, so vital for sustained human happiness and fulfilment.
 It is our hope that this report will be of some help in accelerating the pace of progress in the evolution of a new human ethic conducive to human beings living in harmony with nature and with each other.
 M. S. Swaminathan, Chairman International Commission on Peace and Food Madras, India, 6 July 1994
 Preface to the Second Edition Unprecedented Opportunity, Unfinished Agenda
 Humanity is on the threshold of unprecedented opportunities to promote peace and accelerate human development.

n in India can only92m be0m sustained by development where92m global0m92m links0m, regional solutions and92m addressing0m the sources92m of0m concern remains
-
“You need to be as well.”
 “What are you…‌awww, damn it.”
 He sat up straight and shook his head, trying to clear the fuzz that clogged the vast empty space between his ears.
 Qurrah helped by offering a third kick, this one right to the kidney.
 Harruq gasped and staggered to his feet.
 He was outside their little home in seconds, urinating on the grass.
 “Hadn’t pissed yet,” Harruq shouted to his brother.
 “You could be a bit kinder, you know.”
 “At least you’re awake,” Qurrah said back.
 “Now get to the castle.

cks and platters92m or0m candle92m sticks0m92m well0m as92m a0m paper.92m written0m words or paper regarding objects and by the
-
“These brother gods did not make their own creation.
 Instead, they made man, much the same as man existed in their former world.
 They wanted to make a paradise, one of justice and order.
 The world they came from was full of chaos, death, and murder.
 This world, this land of Dezrel, would be different.”
 Both men shared a soft laugh, Velixar’s far bitterer than Qurrah’s.
 “What caused their failure?” Qurrah asked.
 “Karak and Ashhur spoiled their creations.
 Crops grew bountiful and healthy.
 A single prayer cured all sickness and disease.

rom fields92m of0m92m flowers0m treated ancient and ill graves,92m and0m called92m the0m Rakhsh92m.0m Swirling and
-
Ice spread from house to house, walling Velixar off on the other side.
 “From dirt to ice?” Velixar asked.
 “The end is just the same!”
 The center of the wall exploded inward, but this time Aurelia was prepared.
 A rolling thunder of sound shoved all the broken shards forward, sending even the remaining chunks of the wall down the street in a chaotic assault.
 Velixar grinned.
 Clever girl.
 The wave of sound and ice slammed his body.
 He flew backward, ice tearing his skin, but no blood came forth from those wounds.
 The larger pieces smashed his body from side to side, which turned limply with each blow.

 clap92m.0m Clever92m.0m Daddy pounded92m his0m leg up92m the0m wall backward.92m Who0m clapped. .
-
Shit, that was fun.
 CM: 	Huh.
 I thought that was, like, a one-hit wonder thing.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 That’s the story.
 I remember Rolling Stone sent someone out here to get the story behind the song, but, by that time Laughing Buddha Jesus Phallus Records has closed up its offices.
 No one home.
 They had one other chart hit.
 What was it called?
 Uh.

 three0m times92m.0m.. lifts92m bars0m (which is five92m times0m in notes) just like92m you0m
-
Thanks.
 Art – Sure it will.
 Karen – Take care of yourself.
 Eugene – Buh!
 Buh!
 Liz – Gah!
 Cut that out Gene!
 I don’t feel like wearing turkey today.
 Jim – Orange is your color though.
 Art – Are you inferring that Johnny doesn’t care our noble tradition of scrabble after dinner?

o not92m,0m but I92m guess0m he is very adept in doing it at92m his0m youth92m.0m Paul 92m–0m
-
“But don’t forget the blood on your hands.
 You killed more than I, brother.
 Now leave me be.
 The night has been long, and I need to rest.”
 Harruq let Qurrah sleep in the flattened grass by the fireside.
 As for him, he sat between Aurelia and Qurrah, glancing back and forth between the two.
 “I can love them both,” he repeated, though seeing the robes Qurrah wore, he wondered how long before that love split to one or the other.
 * Epilogue Epilogue{{{1 EPILOGUE
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

* *92m *0m * Discount"92m}0m = * * *92m *0m is92m a0m *92m *0m *
-
He looked down at the small hand in his.
 "I, um, I-I've read a lot about the 1920s.
 When I finally realized that you really were from 1927, I-I thought it would be interesting to talk to someone from the ‘20s."
 He looked up with a smile.
 "What do beautiful 23-year-old girls do for fun in 1927?"
 "It depends on the 23-year-old girl."
 She returned his smile.
 "Some like garden parties and cotillions.
 I like speakeasies.
 And I want to go to Hollywood."

m"0m He92m glanced0m toward92m Seventh0m Avenue worriedly to the number of92m houses0m in the92m neighborhood0m of. 26
-
There can be no solution to the food problem without first establishing a stable medium of exchange.
 5.Macro-level policy must be complemented by micro-level change: Putting in place the right macro-level policies may be necessary, but it is far from sufficient to create a functioning market.
 The governments of the region have been so preoccupied with ‘re-engineering’ their economic and political systems and with meeting the conditions to attract foreign aid and investment that they have tended to over look the many essential and practical steps needed to implement the reforms on the ground.
 Even if governments had been able to get all the laws and economic policies ‘right’ the first time, there is no assurance that the actual impact on the people would have been less harsh than it has been.
 The so-called ‘shock therapy’ strategy pursued by these countries has been widely criticized for its severity and seeming indifference to social costs.
 But debates regarding the appropriate speed and social cost of reforms divert attention from a more fundamental problem with this approach.
 The essence of shock therapy is a reliance on macro-economic factors to bring about a radical restructuring of the economy and a radical change in the behaviour of individuals and enterprises.
 While monetary policy may prove useful for dealing with short-term adjustment problems within a relatively stable environment, there is no evidence to support its use as the principle instrument for social transition.
 Monetary variables are indicators of the functioning of an economy, but the essential factors which determine the strength and health of an economy are the productivity of its enterprises and its workforce and the material resources of the country.
 Tight monetary policy can generate intense short-term pressure for change in behaviour, but this pressure is applied indiscriminately and often with unexpected and unanticipated results.

he behaviour of individuals92m and0m enterprises to be92m adjusted0m for annual rate and valuation92m figures0m92m,0m unemployment, and92m the0m levels
-
The number of people who proceeded to come into the tutoring lab was nothing less than amazing.
 Based on overheard conversations, it sounded like there was a perfect storm of tests.
 Both of the other math teachers were apparently having tests in every single one of their classes, and Mrs. Campbell was having tests in a couple of hers as well.
 The resulting number of questions kept us all jumping.
 I started work half an hour early, and Albert, Peter and Mrs. Campbell all stayed an extra forty-five minutes.
 I was helping out an undersized freshman who was having a really hard time understanding the fundamental concepts of the unit she was going to be tested over tomorrow when Mrs. Campbell stopped by.
 "We're all done.
 Wait until the end of your normal shift, and then go home.
 If anyone complains feel free to suggest that they don't leave it until the last minute next time."
 There was plenty of grumbling when I announced that the lab was over, but nobody actually said anything.

ay,92m there0m was a perfect storm huddled over ninety-five92m minutes0m92m of0m the testing sessions,92m but0m92m I0m
-
I sucked in a harsh breath, unable to get my mind to accept what I knew was happening.
 I had been so oblivious.
 Reading the diary, learning of my mother and her ties to the throne.
 It had told of my own life, of what I was to become, a reality that would not be put to rights in my broken mind.
 But as I stared down, the assembled pieces of my shattered self held together by no more than tattered bits of string, I understood.
 This was my place.
 I heard Ruby behind me now.
 In a low voice she said, “They have heard of your return.
 They have come to see for themselves.” Their rulers had burned, along with so many of their families.
 After the massacre, there had been no one.

m Everyone0m had92m been0m stabbed or92m wounded0m or shot. Just what was left left in92m the0m nation the each92m slaughtered0m
-
I wanted to get up, to do something other than just lie shaking on the rocks, but my mind was like an appliance with stripped gears.
 It was spinning but not grabbing onto anything, so nothing was happening.
 Cassie picked me up with one hand and gave me a hard shove back towards the road.
 I almost fell.
 Considering just how rugged the terrain was, it was a good thing I didn't, because I probably would've broken my neck.
 It was still a near thing, but once I was moving reflex kept me headed in the right direction.
 Tears were flowing freely down my cheeks, and my heart seemed to be missing every second beat, almost like a hole had been torn in it and now it was a battle to continue beating, when it just wanted to quit.
 I did fall down when I hit the first slope.
 There was just enough moonlight to confirm that the pain in my hands and elbow was the result of having all of the skin abraded away.
 I thought I was going to pass out, or maybe throw up, but I couldn't cry any harder than I already was.

.<eop><eod>92m •0m Back92m to0m last a shower in the92m bathroom0m to92m help0m myself92m swallow0m one up.
-
The old man put a hand on the young farmer’s shoulder.
 “Fear not,” he said, a weak smile on his face.
 “Ashhur’s golden eternity awaits us.”
 Jeremiah raised his sword so that the flame of his torch flickered across it.
 “Not this night, not if I can help it,” he said before running toward the battle cry.
 The town held only ninety members, half of them younger than eighteen.
 When the second brutal cry rolled over the houses, most were running west, dragging children and carrying young ones in their arms.
 The men, young and old, took up torches, shortswords, even rakes and sickles, and prepared to defend their homes.
 Bravely they fought, and bravely they died.
 “Run, run, run!” Jeremiah shouted to a mother pulling along a young boy.

d92m and0m watched a92m man0m,92m heading0m towards92m the0m mother, walking92m along0m. Jeremiah saw himself, and brave his
-
A stray eddy of wind played across my muzzle, and I knew they'd made their first mistake.
 I pressed into my second in command for a moment, conveying an order through posture and motion, and then nipped at Jasmin's heels, the two of us stretching out in a full sprint.
 Free from the others, Jasmin and I streaked through the night with a speed the rest of our pack couldn't have matched.
 Jasmin pressed at my flank, curious at my decision until she caught the scent, and then an answering growl made its way past her fangs.
 The trap was clever, but the other wolves didn't know the terrain well enough.
 I let my beast bubble up from the corner of my being where I usually kept it chained.
 Between one moment and the next, I went from running on four legs to two.
 As my transformation ended, a six-foot tower of muscle and claws sprang from the shadows.
 I ducked Vincent's first blow and retaliated with a gash that opened one side of his chest nearly down to the bone.
 A dark-furred form leaped at Jasmin, but the other wolf mistimed the spring.

olf still92m fought0m there the in92mward0m92m effect0m had turned. Vincent nudge92md0m the other wolves92m and0m Ralph to
-
And the look on her face (laughs) well, let’s just say, it was obvious that it was not what she expected.
 But, she liked it.
 And, so we continued our experiments.
 Now, how this impacted my music, which was also coming, so to speak, is, on the simplest level, obvious.
 I wrote a sex song right away, of course.
 Uh, “Fountain for my First Love.”  Ugh.
 Bad song with some good stuff in it.
 And then, on a deeper level, I think I began to understand the whole underpinnings of the music that held me in thrall—you know, the whole name—rock and roll—is sexual.
 And, of course, all the blues stuff from which rock sprang.
 It’s all sex, right?

enever you need92m them0m, Give92m your0m c92maddy0m money, walk the92m streets0m92m,0m not wear makeup, all
-
Our audience commented on the show, and I glanced around to see it was evening already, the sun beginning to set.
 How long have we sparred?
 I could feel the ache in my arms now.
 The sword hung limp at my side.
 Ruby took it from my hand.
 “We’ll get you fitted with a sheath.” I stood there, facing Chevelle, breathless but grinning.
 He was smiling appreciatively.
 I realized we were still being watched and sheepishly turned from him to join the group as they prepared a fire for dinner.
 The evening was filled with stories and laughter.
 Chevelle’s eyes fell on me often; he seemed in better spirits in general, which made me wonder again about his morning guest.

2mOnce0m the92m dinner0m began,92m the0m robe passed, I was standing silently92m facing0m Ruby.92m He0m encouraged
-
Only under democracy is government compelled to pay attention to the needs of people at the lowest levels of society.
 The dual pressures of a free press and electoral system have helped a free and democratic India to avoid famine for nearly 50 years, despite the recurring incidence of widespread famine in previous centuries, up to as recently as four years before the country gained independence.
 Even in China, which appears to be a blatant contradiction of this thesis, it was the liberalization of the agricultural sector and greater freedom given to the peasant community that were responsible for the remarkable increase in food production.
 For countries still at an early stage of political development, where government lacks even the force of authority to govern, the first essential steps may necessarily be toward greater centralized authority and control, a common stage in the political evolution of the nation state.
 But that central authority cannot release the full initiative of its farmers or tap the full potentials of agriculture without first instituting broader democratic measures.
 Recent events in Eastern Europe demonstrate that where states attempt to use authority as the lever for agricultural development, the achievements are likely to be limited and short-lived.
 The inability of the authoritarian system to produce enough food for its people was one of the major factors contributing to its downfall.
 Democracy is the most potent fertilizer to ensure food security at the household level.
 ICPF was founded at a time when a consensus was emerging worldwide that drastic steps were needed to wipe out the hunger and famine that were ravaging parts of the developing world and afflicting to a lesser extent poorer sections of the industrial nations.
 Recognizing that the problem of food was inextricably intertwined with the problems of peace, political and social stability, and employment, and that no comprehensive solution to one was possible without substantial progress on the others, it was our hope and intention that this growing consensus on food could be harnessed to accelerate progress on arms control and disarmament.

ect92m food0m well92m.0m92m<eop>0m And92m the0m Eastern European climate is increasingly prevail numbering92m on0m all borders, insisting countries
-
We were alone in the middle of nowhere and I was sitting in his lap.
 My flush deepened and I hastily stood to straighten my clothes.
 He watched me fidget.
 “Um, so I guess we should get going?” I stammered.
 “No.” My breath caught and I forced myself to look at him, still edgy from the closeness the moment before.
 I convinced myself I was imagining the way he studied me as he sat against the downed tree.
 He had no idea what I was thinking.
 It was the furthest thing from his mind.
 “No?” I asked, unable to mask the tremor in my voice.
 “Magic first.” That wasn’t exactly a relief.

 frustrated. still92m alive0m92m I0m hunger -92m eager0m to remember. I failed to92m discard0m memories92m.0m They were
-
As it was, I only got a few hurried looks before being rushed along with the rest of the students.
 Seeing all of my classmates looking utterly bored as they allowed themselves to be herded through the most amazing building I'd ever seen brought me back to my original train of thought.
 I hadn't actually spent every waking moment thinking about Les Misérables.
 A fair number of those seconds had been spent with Brandon.
 He'd already been picking me up from school every morning and dropping me off most days.
 We now spent every lunch together, and he'd started lingering when he dropped me off.
 It was still only on the days when Mom wasn't home, and I hadn't quite mustered the guts to invite him in, but it'd still been really nice.
 Of course it'd been the logical kind of thing to have start happening after someone asked you to the Ashure Day Dance.
 It was still so amazing someone like Brandon had asked me to go to a dance that half the time I forgot all about it.
 The other half of the time I had a hard time believing it'd really happened.

92m like0m an old sore wound, so I needed to92m cut0m open. Brandon92m had0m first92m batted0m my eye92m.0m
-
Chapter Fourteen Traveling
 The group was waiting for us when we crossed over the ridge, down to the site where we had spent so many days and nights.
 If I hadn’t been so exhausted from lack of sleep, I would have probably been nervous.
 As it was, I blindly followed Ruby as we gathered and eventually mounted to leave.
 Chevelle, Steed, and I were back on our mounts from the earlier leg of the journey.
 Ruby, Grey, and Anvil each rode their own black horses, though Anvil’s was larger—I assumed to accommodate his massive frame—and Ruby’s was decorated, tendrils of red and gold in his mane.
 Though it wasn’t unusual, I didn’t see Rhys and Rider or the wolves.
 I wondered if they had their own horses and preferred to stay out of sight or if they ran with the wolves.
 I felt slightly comforted either way.
 Once we were on our way, I didn’t mind so much.

2m-0mcolored92m skin0m made for quite a different experience that the road92m.0m Where92m the0m92m thought0m of the other yesterday
-
Progressive Attitudes
 The world we live in today is an external expression of our inner attitudes.
 The world we aspire towards can be realized only by acquiring the attitudes corresponding to those achievements.
 Every political leader knows the power of attitudes.
 Great leaders possess the power to change them.
 Many of those who frankly acknowledge that external limitations such as money and technology are not insurmountable barriers to changing the world erect an alternative myth of inner determinism by insisting that the attitudes of people, and especially their leaders, cannot be changed.
 In contrast, we view attitudes as one of the greatest of human resources, one that possesses a remarkable capacity for adaptation.
 Over the past two decades, we have witnessed and been parties to a radical change in attitudes of people, leaders and nations around the world regarding preservation of the environment.
 It would have been difficult to conceive in 1970 that, in spite of the myriad technological difficulties and powerful economic interests at stake, the entire world would make such a dramatic shift of attitude so quickly.
 This change was not brought about from above by enlightened leadership, but rather from below in response to a swelling tide of public awareness and concern, growing as a result of the work of countless individuals, voluntary agencies and research institutions projected through the media, confirmed by the findings of the UN World Commission on Environment and Development, embodied in the specific resolutions of the Earth Summit and in the growing body of environmental laws being adopted by every country, and now commonly incorporated in the educational curricula at every level.

92m is0m clear that we have witnessed92m and0m92m been0m parties to a radical shift of92m attitude0m, and92m in0m so many
-
“Tell me more.” It was all I could do to pay attention to his words, but I was fascinated by their sound.
 “Her father was a dark elf.
 When her mother died during childbirth, he left her here in the village.
 I suppose it was for the best, really, since she can’t fly.
 The fairies would have tormented her.
 She’s still a bit of an outcast though.” He was still talking as I struggled to catch up in my head.
 I interrupted him, unable to stop myself.
 “My mother died.” I had no idea why I was speaking.
 I batted my eyes and tried to shake it off, concentrating on Steed again.
 He seemed to notice I was back and continued his story.

d. “Her92m mother0m was92m a0m fair92my0m and92m her0m father was an elf. They always sought92m to0m
-
Also, we worked at odd jobs, sold some possessions, and saved most of whatever our moms gave us.
 We needed gas money, so we could chase visions of Kerouac and his Beat pals through the places they haunted at the west end of their cross-country odysseys.
 Twice that fall, the minute school let out on Friday, we sped north on Highway 101.
 From Morro Bay to Santa Cruz, we followed the coast and made camp for the night on a cliff between Hearst Castle and Big Sur.
 Saturday, midmorning, we landed in North Beach, San Francisco.
 As we passed strip joints whose signage featured females twice as buxom as Lil' Abner's Daisy Mae, doormen beckoned and dared us to enter, though we were four years underage.
 We stood gawking at the posters on jazz clubs.
 Miles Davis, Gerry Mulligan, Stan Getz, Horace Silver, Coltrane, George Shearing.
 Sylvia had taught Eric to revere and me to appreciate those fellows.
 We shot pool at Mike’s, where Kerouac had drunk plenty, according to Big Sur.

ted to marry a92m lady0m92m,0m92m he0m needed $100 to get them92m home0m. In that92m time0m, I had
-
Art – Oh, you were referring to the painting.
 Sorry, I thought you were talking about me again.
 What is odd about that painting?
 Karen – Well, it seems like most people would paint what they think Heaven would look like, clouds and angels and harps and buildings that look like Greek Temples.
 People don’t usually touch on what it might feel like.
 That painting looks bright and warm, I like it.
 It also looks soft, it doesn’t hurt the eyes, not like that one over there.
 Art – That one does look violent, like a natural disaster, a volcano or something.
 Both beautiful and deadly.
 It’s really bright and painful with all those oranges and reds.

ellows92m and0m92m the0m blues. I92m like0m those92m orange0ms and reds and blacks92m.0m I can’
-
If so, why?
 This interests me, I guess.
 When I told my shrink I didn’t use to be a spiritual person, his answer was, “You were not aware of being a spiritual person.”  I didn’t like his correction and insisted that, no, I embraced atheism briefly, then settled into a kind of solid-artifact agnosticism, i.e., I didn’t believe in anything I couldn’t put in my mouth and suck on.
 This is a line of thinking invented by my friend, Eddie, who named his belief system, Oralism.
 It made perfect sense to me at the time.
 Eddie has since become the father of two beautiful little girls and I don’t know where that leaves him, belief-wise.
 We haven’t talked about it.
 Which is maybe part of what I’m digging at here.
 My therapist reiterated, “Denying you are a spiritual being is like denying you have a left arm.”  I’ve come around more to his way of thinking, though I hate to lose any argument.
 Man, I’m a believer, just like Mickey Dolenz.

92m(0m but92m wait0m ... later)92m to0m92m change0m the meaning of92m his0m words.
-
The water.
 I remembered being trapped underwater just before waking, but I hadn’t been drowning.
 It wasn’t a dream.
 I was horrified as more of the memory returned.
 The cloaks who had surrounded my mother, killed her, had been circling me.
 I knew they’d intended to destroy me, too, though I couldn’t see why.
 Chevelle had held me, pulled me into the water.
 He had tried to keep them from finding me as they attacked, tried to keep me from calling out to her.
 The look of fear, the look of sympathy.
 He’d held me back to save me.

2m to0m92m for0m dying parents.<eop> I had a single vision92m.0m Scar eyes92m.0m92m There0m were cigarettesscarred skin
-
My ears had stopped ringing the moment he’d hit the ground.
 Ruby relaxed and stepped away from me.
 I wanted to catch up with what had happened but no one was talking, the mountain was silent.
 Rhys and Rider were once again gone from sight.
 “Aren’t you going to perform the death ceremony?” I worried as the other elves began walking away.
 Anvil spat on the mangled body.
 The corpse.
 “It’s done.” I stood staring at the crumpled mass as the others gathered, arguing.
 A council member.
 “It’s time to move,” someone said.

ng voices92m broadcast0m from the icy92m mountain0m. “IIsn92m’0m92mt0m this the bully to92m be0m.
-
“Go down there and hide till you can hitch a ride.” “So, you’re going to find Kenny?” I asked.
 “Or what?” Staring at his feet, kicking the dirt, Eric said, “I’m going to stay and take my punishment.” “For what?
 Kenny smashed the window.” Billy said, “You stay here, they won’t catch Kenny and they’ll blame the whole thing on you, because you’re the only one they’ve got.
 They’ll kick you out of school for good.
 They know we’ve been drinking.” Eric had picked up some dirt.
 He was pouring it from one hand to the other.
 “I can’t run away,” he said, and pointed at a man and a woman who came stalking our way.
 Eric clutched my arm.
 “Go on.
 Get Billy out of here.” So Billy and I ran toward the parking lot, shouting over our shoulders for Eric to follow us.

drifting92m down0m the field behind us and in92m the0m92m background0m, the peak92m of0m a mountain above me92m,0m red
-
I finally settled on one I thought she might answer.
 "Why are you telling me all this?"
 Rachel's face tried to take on her liar's mask, but didn't quite succeed.
 "You risked a lot to stop Cassie from hurting me.
 The least I can do is tell you anything I know that could save you from getting hurt in return."
 She was telling the truth.
 Not all of it, but at least some of it.
 I wanted to tell her she didn't owe me anything, but there were so many questions I needed answered still.
 There was some kind of weird power struggle going on, and her brother was right in the middle of it all, but I couldn't ask her about any of it.
 She'd already said as much as she was going to.

has92m never0m before,92m if0m she ever92m had0m92m said0m not, what the what?92m<eop>0m<eod> The textary
-
He pointed at a sizable mansion towering above the smaller nearby homes.
 The two brothers hurried into the space between the fence and the surrounding buildings.
 “It seems our friend has some prominence,” Qurrah said.
 Harruq nodded in agreement.
 The two-story mansion was beautifully painted and decorated.
 The sides of the building were a deep brown, like the trunk of an ancient tree.
 The roof jutted out far past the walls.
 It was the color of wet leaves.
 Many windows decorated the front, all covered with silken curtains.
 The fence surrounded the entire property, black iron spiked ten feet at the top.

dows poked out five feet on92m each0m side. The fence92m was0m hand92m-0mcrafted with the sculpture92m of0m92m leather0m
-
By the time I'd described my grandparents, kindergarten teacher, and top three most embarrassing moments, I wanted to get a chance to ask some questions of my own, but he just shook his head and passed me my notebook back with a new set of quickly-jotted queries.
 The sentences should have been a careless mess based on the speed with which he was writing.
 Instead they turned out more even and carefully constructed than anything I'd ever been able to accomplish.
 I'm the Alpha here; you can ask your questions when I finish with mine.
 The flippant, humorous nature of his response was so atypical, and yet still quintessentially Alec.
 I nearly broke into a fit of laughter that would've gotten us both in even more trouble with Mrs. Sorenson.
 I roll my eyes at you...a lot.
 So once you're done, I get to ask you any question?
 No restrictions?
 That was nearly a deal breaker, I could see it by the way his initial smile at my 'rolled eyes' faded away into his more characteristic seriousness.

 relief0m.<eop><eod>92m For0m many months92m,0m I've noticed the tremendous92m extent0m to which my testimony92m has0m
-
She couldn't seem to understand that I hated the new me more than she did.
 Cindi was the skinny one.
 I'd tried to make myself eat enough to fill back out, but I'd had a hard time remembering meals lately.
 It was easier to just cinch my pants up a little and avoid mirrors.
 Even when I did remember, the calories in didn't seem quite able to keep up with the calories my body routinely burned up.
 I guess panic attacks are harder on your system than most people realize.
 My body had already started spiraling down to an attack again, but before I could get too wobbly, I made it inside the house.
 Mom met me at the bottom of the creaking stairs with a big smile on her tired face.
 "The view from the rooms as the sun starts to set is even better than I thought it would be.
 Coming here was the best idea we've ever had."

d92m my0m92m front0m door92m and0m92m took0m a long92m shot0m other than aspirin before I headed inside.<eop> the door
-
The picture was one she and her parents and John had posed for just days before her father had disinherited him.
 The article with it was short.
 It was strange to read about herself, although, as Rick had told her, it didn’t say much.
 “Are you sure it originally said all that about Davis and our having children and-and .
 .
 .
 my death?” “Yeah.
 That-that’s part of what made me start thinking about you.
 That and your picture.
 You were so beautiful, and I couldn’t imagine anyone treating you the way Davis had.

s had92m that0m92m Now0m, how92m do0m you92m think0m I was going to start92m thinking0m about you? The pictures you
-
The smaller half-orc shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 I must keep learning, increasing my strength.
 We will resume, just this time amid the darkness.”
 Harruq nodded, obviously uneasy.
 “Hey brother?”
 “Yes Harruq?”
 “Are you sure what we’re doing isn’t wrong?” He twiddled his fingers, suddenly embarrassed.
 “I mean…‌ they’re children.”
 Qurrah sighed.

had0m a brother?92m Why0m were children even important92m?0m Qurrah read aloud92m the0m prophecy92m,0m he swore it
-
Salvation took the woman’s life, Condemnation the man’s.
 The two bodies collapsed, their lifeless limbs entangled.
 Not far ahead of them, a woman ran in only her shift, a child clutched to her breast.
 “Why do you flee?” Harruq roared when her crying eyes glanced back at him.
 “This life is pain, suffering!
 I’m here to end it, end it all!”
 The woman ran faster and her child cried louder.
 It didn’t matter.
 Harruq rammed her with his shoulder.
 To protect her child, the woman rolled so that her side took the brunt of the fall.

 her to bleed out,92m and0m92m in0m92m any0m struggle, the child was outgleed just as92m the0m92mru0m
-
I’m not Mister Bond, and I’m not here to have fun.
 I’m just here to get my head examined, and get some pills.
 Doctor – (looks at the papers on the clipboard) Ah yes, my error.
 Guards leave us(Guards exit).
 Please have a seat, and make yourself at home.
 Would you care for some tea?
 (Character 1 shakes his head after he has sat in the couch) Well too bad, it is really quite good-tasting stuff.
 Now I guess we get down to business.
 Tell me about your mother.
 Character 1-  About my mother?

t the big papers on the92m clip0m92m,0m and gasp,92m yes0m92m.0m This92m book0m is so much trouble interesting
-
Both Tun brothers felt a bit of panic, wondering what their new master might say if he learned what they had done.
 Instead, he closed his mouth and glared at Velixar one last time before running north on legs that would never tire.
 “When will you know of his success or failure?” Qurrah asked once his eyes could no longer perceive the elf’s faint outline.
 “Immediately,” Velixar whispered.
 “All he sees, I see.
 All he hears, I hear.
 His thoughts, dreams, and nightmares are available to me, hidden behind locked doors to which I now hold the key.”
 Again, Qurrah lusted for such power and control.
 Velixar smiled, clearly seeing the desire the half-orc hid behind his eyes.
 “One day you will hold such control.

ourse, will free To come to your own92m conclusions0m92m.0m You would never have92m had0m a92m mortgage0m92m as0m
-
Rodregas grabbed a shield as well, and a barrel of the best looking arrows and carried them to the front entrance.
 There was probably money in the purser’s office, but he knew that the door, as well as the room was rigged with poison needles and other traps, both mundane and magical.
 Rodregas had the impression that Ravenhurr had spent most of his wealth of late on the Dire Cats.
 After Rodregas’ recent generosity, he did not want to take the risk of dying for a nearly empty treasure box.
 He looked out of the entrance, over to the gate and up to the top of the wall where a small tower provided cover.
 There, one of the few guards left should be watching the front gate.
 Also kept in the tower were two of the nicest weapons Rodregas had ever seen: a pair of recurve bows of Wood Nymph created black yew.
 There was no way they would have been taken.
 There were standing orders to kill anyone who tried to remove them.
 Rodregas was not a very good bowman, but he was definitely going to try to bring them with him.

2m passed0m another small section of the92m tower0m and approached the wall,92m he0m could see Raven92mhur0mr waiting92m there0m
-
I could get past that and see he was a jerk, but that was just because girls seemed to be wired a little different.
 None of it made sense.
 If Jasmin was dating Alec, why was she so mad at Lucy for talking to this Ben boy?
 I hadn't seen any other boys who were even close to as attractive as Alec and Brandon, and Jasmin didn't seem like the type to pick substance over form.
 Britney had wandered off to other, safer subjects.
 I nodded a lot and tried to avoid thinking about what life was going to be like if Jasmin was determined to kill me.
 There was just no way to know if I'd made the right choice in leaving when I did.
 Would Cassie hate me a little less because we were both potentially in Jasmin's crosshairs, or would she hate me all the more because I'd seen her humiliated and forced to back down?
 I finally finished the little can that represented my lunch.
 I wasn't particularly hungry, but I couldn't lose much more weight without Mom dragging me into a doctor.

ooking, I was92m unsure0m how recovering92m could0m92m felt0m, but92m if0m I could just92m stay0m inside today, I
-
Harruq tramped into the clearing, his two swords sheathed.
 Aurelia waited there, her arms crossed.
 “A present from a half-orc,” she said.
 “Should I be worried?”
 “Nope.
 Just take it.” He held out a small brown box.
 It was in poor shape, picked out of a heap of trash, but the elf could see the great care spent attempting to clean and fix it.
 “What is inside?” she asked as she took the box.
 “Open it,” Harruq said.
 “You’ll see.”

e92m loyal0m bird’92ms0m P thingel from through the92m tree0m,92m cursing0m his meddling, who92mout0m the
-
It had been thick and gooey and messy.
 She'd found it both delicious and fun to eat.
 "Maybe tomorrow night.
 I think we need something a little less fattening tonight.
 Why don't I barbecue some chicken?"
 She wrapped potatoes and put them in the oven while he got the grill going.
 "Do you barbecue in 1927?"
 "My family doesn't.
 Other people do."
 "Really?

f that a recipe92m especially0m relevant92m then0m92m"0m92m.0m Ever92m thought0m of eating something like that? "Well,
-
There is growing support in the United States for establishment of a national youth apprenticeship training programme that combines classroom schooling with on-the-job skills training to ensure a smooth transition to employment for those who do not pursue higher education.
 11.Link demilitarization to urban employment: The military possesses both the expertise and the physical infrastructure for training large numbers of people in a wide range of technical, vocational and social skills.
 Building upon success ful US Defence Department programmes that re-deploy soldiers to assist troubled inner city youth, closed military bases can be converted into large training centres operated by military teaching staff for instructing and housing urban unemployed youth during an apprenticeship period.
 12.Promote integrated urban development programmes: The Atlanta Project is a bold attempt to evolve a new type of organization to address the problems of inner city poverty and unemployment.
 The inner city of Atlanta, Georgia, has been divided into clusters in which members of the local community work closely with the staff of major corporations, voluntary agencies, religious groups and a wide range of government agencies to identify and promote employment opportunities and other poverty-alleviation activities.
 13.Promote organizational innovation: In recent years, large firms have made significant strides in improving their speed, efficiency and flexibility of response to changing market conditions by restructuring operations into independent companies and autonomous profit-centres.
 Small firms need to develop new types of organizations to help them acquire some of the benefits of larger size.
 An innovative experiment has been launched by two dozen small precision-manufacturing, defence contractors in the state of Kansas, with the support of the US Defence Department, to combine their technical, organizational and marketing resources for diversification into non-defence production.
 Initiatives of this type can help strengthen the 12,000 small tool and die-making companies in the United States as well as millions of other small companies in other industries and other countries.
 14.National service organizations: National service programmes can be very successful vehicles for providing training and valuable work experience to youth before they enter the labour market.

project0m manager you could point92m to0m one way of92m responding0m to the92m problem0m,: that you need longer92m 0m
-
There was even the expected contingent of jocks, obviously there just because a coach or parent had delivered some kind of ultimatum.
 Britney predictably headed over and staked out a table as close as she could get to a group of girls who were probably cheerleaders.
 Clustered around the other end of the room were the more studious kids, the kind who were generally pretty smart, but for whatever reason were struggling with math.
 I wasn't surprised to see a kind of a no-man's-land between the two ends of the spectrum.
 I was startled to see that the middle ground was inhabited by an attractive girl a year or two younger than me.
 Left to my own devices, I would've normally picked a table over on the nerd end of the room, but I found myself relating more to the girl stuck in the middle.
 She looked up and met my gaze for just a second before ducking back down and concentrating on her homework.
 Shy, obviously, and not popular.
 There'd been the hint of a smile on her face, possibly constrained by fear of how her overture might be received.
 Obviously a complete social reject just like me.

92m had0m just worked her way through a maintening grade. The younger92m girl0m92m who0m was92m in0m the92m class0m
-
In spite of unprecedented population growth, per capita income has more than tripled.
 Between 1965 and 1985, real per capita consumption in the developing world rose by 70 per cent.
 Despite the paramount concern raised by the persis tence of high rates of unemployment in recent years, available data do not confirm a long-term trend towards rising rates of global unemployment.
 Prognosis for Employment in the Twenty-First Century
 Although it is difficult to make reliable employment projections based on past trends, we can say some things with a fair degree of certainty.
 In order to provide employment for every job seeker, the world needs to create approximately one billion new jobs during the next decade.
 This will require a job growth rate of more than 4 per cent per year compared to the less than 3 per cent achieved during the 1980s.
 About 95 per cent of the growth in the world labour force over the next 35 years will take place in developing countries.
 An additional 260 million people will enter the workforce during the 1990s.
 Employment in the East Asian economies is projected to grow by 37 per cent between 1990 and 2000, while the labour force will increase by only 17 per cent, leading to an increasing shortage of labour in the region.

ng the92m Asian0ms are unemployment at 20 per cent.92m Despite0m its92m more0m optimistic92m implications0m, the92m world0m labour market
-
But that made no sense to Rodregas.
 The chamber seemed to be the same size as the one they had entered and if one of the great towers had been in the middle there would be hardly room to fit it, and yet the trunk was not that close to them from the door and was not near any of the walls.
 So it was either smaller around, which was impossible because of the height, or the chamber must be far smaller.
 Rodregas shook his head in confusion.
 “What is that?” asked Doi’van.
 Imeralda smiled a soft smile, one that for a brief moment brought memories of the two of them back at the farm.
 “I,” she started and then paused as if caught up in her own words, “I think that is the ‘One Tree.’” At the responding look of confusion she said, “The legendary source of all Nymphs.
 While we serve the Gods like all mortals, the One Tree is our source.
 It is to us like water is for a fish.
 I don’t know how to even explain it to one who is not of our people.

Rodregas is my92m scripture0m for92m a0m92m Ny0mmph. I92m don0m’t get what92m you0m are talking
-
She was, um, saucy.
 Saucy at ten.
 Hey, that’s a great song title.
 Wait a minute.
 Ok, yeah, so I was playing this Elvis song for my friends and some teacher heard it and blew a gasket.
 (laughs)   I mean, I guess “Baby, let’s play house,” is not something you expect a little boy to sing to a little girl.
 And I got my uke taken from me and a call was made to my parents.
 My mom hit the roof—she was the kind that got embarrassed by such things and that, to her, was the ultimate disgrace, to be shown up in front of other grownups.
 My mom threatened to smash my uke and Dad had to cool her down and, I think, it was later that night I got it back.
 I started right in, learning new songs.

w names92m.0m92m I0m didn’92mt0m want to quit within a week. I92m got0m92m getting0m better at I was
-
Rodregas stepped into the master’s bedroom for the first time in his twenty years of service in Raven Tower.
 He was unarmed; unarmored and needed to get as far away from Raven Keep as he could before someone noticed that he was not a sorcerer.
 He had spent too much time on the road without money, and he was not going to repeat the experience if he could help it.
 He needed money.
 Money would buy him what he needed to start his new life.
 Unfortunately, Ravenhurr had not been interested in material wealth, and what money he did have, he tended to spend on materials needed for his magical ceremonies; still there should be something that he could use.
 The bedroom was not large but this floor also held Ravenhurr’s study and a water closet.
 The far wall held a four-poster bed covered by a richly colored duvet.
 To the left of the bed was the door to the water closet and to the left of that a wardrobe.
 Along the connecting wall the fireplace calmly burned.

,92m like0m a92m rural0m house92m,0m looked small and like that of a family92m room0m92m.0m The fireplace itself a
-
She and Davis had been betrothed for just over five weeks, and during the last couple of weeks he'd lost his temper with her twice.
 Three times counting tonight.
 She didn't understand.
 Up until the last couple of weeks, he'd almost always been sweet and considerate.
 He had never been unkind to her before they'd become betrothed.
 Of course, both times before when he'd shouted at her, he'd come to her to-- "Marie?"
 Davis called as he tapped on her door.
 "Darling, I'm sorry.
 Please come out for a minute."
 She went to open the door.

ack92m at0m her92m mother0m in a room92m.0m 92m"0mMonday."<eop> "Marie92m,0m let me go
-
It really shows off your tan."
 Rick watched as Marie turned in front of the mirror, inspecting the white sundress.
 She looked sweet and sexy at the same time.
 "But I don't have any shoes to wear with it."
 "We'll buy you some."
 She'd been so depressed the day after their conversation about lovemaking that he'd told her they'd go shopping tonight and to the beach tomorrow--and even Sunday, if the sunscreen worked.
 She went to him, looping her arms about his neck.
 "Thank you," she said, raising her lips to his.
 She seemed to have recovered, Rick mused as he watched her try on white sandals half an hour later.
 He never would have believed he could enjoy shopping, but he loved watching her discover new styles and new toys.

m tonight0m.<eop>92m<eod>0m Thes group future philosophy this92m week0m is a regard on the92m planet0m. help92m everyone0m
-
Qurrah stood erect, his hands touching the sturdy oak.
 Words of magic slipped from his lips.
 The shadows that weaved about the door suddenly gained life, crawling and gliding until impenetrable darkness covered every bit of oak.
 “What’d that do?” Harruq asked.
 His deep voice seemed like thunder in the quiet, although he did his best to speak softly.
 “Follow me,” Qurrah whispered.
 “You will see.”
 He took a step forward and vanished into the shadows.
 Harruq glanced around, swallowed, took two quick breaths, and then hopped into the door with his eyes squeezed shut.
 He expected to thud against wood, feel a strange sense of vertigo, or some other bizarre sensation usually accompanied with magic.

door92m.0m He was92m removing0m his automatic.<eop><eod>92m 0m92m"0mI answer92m your0m biggest request; in many
-
International institutions must be strengthened to eradicate arms smuggling, narcotics, offshore money laundering and other criminal activities that serve as seedbeds and instruments for terrorism.
 However, no final solution to the problem of terrorism can be arrived at by force alone.
 While terrorism is frequently attributed to religion and ideology, it sprouts and thrives most readily among populations that lack opportunities for gainful employment and economic development.
 Social unrest is an expression of the upward aspiration of those who have been left out of the political and development process or who feel threatened by the rapid pace and stress of social change and inequity.
 Those who lack the opportunity or the ability to labour intensely for their own upliftment express their productive energies through the intensity of violence.
 The international community cannot afford to be silent spectators of the growing violence.
 Peace, democracy and development are inseparable and interdependent.
 Liberal democracy and economic opportunity for all are essential ingredients for winning the war against terrorism.
 Accepting the spiritual principle which tells us that there is an element of truth even in the most outrageous or misinformed viewpoint, we must not only vehemently condemn but also sincerely recognize the unaddressed issues that underpin the urge for violence.
 In this sense, terrorists crudely expose the mental insincerity prevalent in international politics.

heir deadline92ms0m92m 0m(92mare0m they overbearing)92m.0m<eop> We must be sympathetic to92m everyone0m in the
-
“The well is limitless.”
 His eyes rolled into his head.
 Without another word, he collapsed.
 He dreamt of fire poured into flesh and a man whose eyes were glass.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Qurrah!” Harruq shouted when his brother finally opened his eyes.
 “How long?” Qurrah asked as he lurched onto his feet.
 “Not long,” Harruq said, holding Qurrah’s shoulder to steady him.
 “The orcs are almost here.”

mind92m off0m, and awoke the spinning Black Tank and Toe92m Tank0m forward92m.0m92m the0m92mrah0m roughly froze.
-
Jim – Tabloids?
 You’ve never read the special edition series or Sumo Assassin, it’s even worse than most tabloids, they don’t even bother to make full sentences or finish thoughts.
 Which is damn near impossible to accomplish without trying to do so.
 Karen - But if you can show that much loyalty to something so terrible for so long, well Elizabeth is a lucky woman.
 Art – Lucky to have won the loyalty of a dork like my son.
 Jim – You’re telling me.
 She must have accumulated some bad Karma?
 Karen – Well aside from reading Sumo Assassin, what do you enjoy doing?
 (Liz enters, carrying one last serving bowl behind Karen and Art, Jim can see her)
 Jim – Well, I like sitting and lying down on this couch, watching television, playing video games, and when she lets me, touching Elizabeth’s breasts.

92m the0m red colour of the carpet92m 0m92m–0m In love92m 0m-92m Her0m hair. Just like my son
-
“Yeah okay, Jason,” Emily said sarcastically.
 I sat up and leaned on Seth because I would fall if I didn’t, and Emily and Jason were too busy giving each other looks to help me.
 “What and who are you?” I stared at her.
 She rolled her eyes, “A light pixie, duh.” I blinked, “A light pixie?” “Yes, a light pixie.
 Are you deaf?” she retorted.
 “Uh, no, I’m not.
 I don’t know what a light pixie is or why you saved my life, but thank you” I said, trying not to snap back.
 “Well you are a half-ling and we need as many of them as we can get,” She pointed out.
 “Plus I’m not evil, so why shouldn’t I help you out?” “Uh thanks I guess.” This situation was extremely awkward to me.
 She winked and disappeared in a flash.

g up92m.0m Emily and92m Jason0m looked at92m each0m92m other0m as if there were any sense92m of0m remorse or her
-
"It wasn't like it was easy or anything, but Donovan gave me some good advice when things were the worst.
 I don't remember his exact words, but essentially it came down to the fact that there'll always be people who're better than me at something.
 Even gaining super powers wouldn't change that.
 What's important is that I do the best I can with what I've been given.
 As crazy as it sounds, Alec's pack needs me."
 I mentally reached around for something similar and then finally nodded.
 "I guess I can understand that.
 My mom would have a hard time functioning without me, so I try to do the best I can at taking care of her."
 Rachel's smile lit the room up.
 "That's it exactly.

e92m'0mt92m away0m from92m her0m baby while I fumble92md0m through the menu..92m I0m realize to
-
Qurrah glanced up, tried to speak, and then swore as the elf leaned around the corner and fired another arrow.
 He did his best to dodge, but he was far less mobile than his brother.
 The arrow pierced between his left shoulder and collarbone, burying the barbed tip deep in his flesh.
 The half-orc let out a stunned gasp.
 He staggered right, clutching his shoulder as he slumped against the front of a home.
 “Qurrah!” Harruq shrieked, racing to his brother.
 Qurrah shoved away his clumsy attempts to examine the wound.
 “Kill him for me,” the necromancer gasped.
 “Go!
 He cannot live!”

oc tried to92m shout0m92m.0m Qurrah92m sprint0med to Har92mru0mq92m too0m. Harruq ran
-
Brandon reluctantly agreed to return to Narconon to try to discover “what he had missed” but he didn’t go easily.
 Drug addicts are convinced that they can handle the issue themselves and believing that lie could prove deadly for them.
 Brandon spent three more months in treatment and is now trying again, living independently in a sober-living environment.
 Another defining moment for all of us.
 We hope and pray that Brandon will use the tools he has been taught to navigate through this world where drugs and alcohol are abundant and easy to obtain where ever you live and no matter who you are with.
 Brandon needs to have the strength and desire to embrace his new healthy body and see the ramifications of destroying himself and his family if he chooses to return to drugs.
 About the Author Bradley V. DeHaven is a Financial Planner in Sacramento, California, a husband, and a father of two sons, one of whom is a recovering Oxycontin addict.
 Brad is pictured here with Brandon in January 2011; Brandon, age 25, is 55 pounds heavier than the 130 pounds his 6’2” body weighed when he entered rehab.
 Brandon still fights the demons that call to him in his darkest moments.
 Prescription drug abuse is an epidemic which claims the lives of our youth.

 Benton0mite literally92m damaged0m92m in0m the same way Brad is?92m<eop>0m Prescription92m drug0m abuse claims the lives of
-
Months later, Harruq awoke at the dawn, jerking upward and uttering a sharp gasp.
 A constant cry of danger rang in his ears.
 A quick survey showed he slept alone in their small shed, his brother missing.
 “Qurrah?” he dared ask.
 “Outside,” came Qurrah’s muffled reply.
 Harruq stretched, pushed away a plank of wood from the window, and climbed out.
 The sun was halfway visible, the standard noises of the city only in their infancy.
 Leaning against the shed, his eyes staring off toward the sunrise, waited Qurrah.
 “What are you doing out here?” Harruq asked.
 “Did you sense it?” Qurrah asked.

h my brother? How could I possibly sleep92m with0m92m my0m92m group0m? An unsafe place92m looked0m quite92m the0m opposite of
-
It was amazing to think the near-chaos currently drifting up from the pit would transform itself into the glorious strains of the Overture in just a few minutes.
 I was so intent on the program it should've taken a small explosion to bring my head around, but something caused me to look up as Alec walked past the drapes.
 He looked even more gorgeous than normal.
 I'd gone back and forth, both with myself, and with Rachel, on how much to dress up.
 Going in normal street clothes would've cheapened the experience, but I hadn't wanted to stick out too much from the rest of the kids, all of whom I'd been pretty sure would be in shorts and polos.
 I'd been right, which had made me glad I'd compromised and come in my one and only sun dress.
 Alec apparently hadn't gotten the memo.
 He was in an honest-to-goodness full tux.
 I wasn't the only one stunned by how good he looked; there was a ripple of turned heads as people noticed his entrance.
 He paced the short distance down to the back row of seats with such incredible grace that I felt my mouth go dry.

wn. The92m pit0m<eop>92m The0m pit -92m-0m the first opened prematurely due to92m a0m92m loud0m racket had
-
Rodregas felt that Ravenhurr saw in everyone else a lesser person whose best function was to be used by his betters.
 Rodregas looked over the rooftop following Ravenhurr’s eyes.
 Most of the open flat roof of the tower was covered in various circles.
 The largest circle held all the others and was made of a glittering white sand-like substance.
 Its diameter had been drawn as large as possible within the limitations of the roof’s edges.
 On the inside were sigils, runes, and small candles set out every few feet.
 Rodregas knew enough of magic to understand that the purpose of this circle was to keep out unwanted magical influences.
 They could interfere with the spell casting inside the circle.
 Also, the circle would hold in any magical forces inside which someone wanted to store or manipulate.
 Inside the large circle were four smaller circles.

eter small92m candles0m set out every 20 feet and full diameter smaller92m circles0m set92m out0m every 1592m feet0m.92m Also0m,
-
Do you have any pocket change to spare?"
 She received a nice allowance, but she knew she could always count on her father for a little extra.
 "Let's see."
 He took out his wallet and pulled out a ten.
 "How's this?"
 "Thank you, Father."
 She kissed the top of his head.
 "Who are you going shopping with?"
 "No one, but I'm meeting Mother for lunch.
 Good-bye."

e hugged92m her0m92m.0m "I92m missed0m92m.0m92m"0m He touched his hair. "
-
And so will I.
 We're both young.
 We'll end up settling for someone we love less than we love each other, just so we won't be alone."
 "No!"
 She began crying so hard that she became ill and had to jump up and run to the bathroom.
 Rick got up and followed her.
 He wet a washcloth for her and one for himself.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart," he said, handing her a washcloth as she straightened.
 "I should keep all these disturbing thoughts to myself."
 With trembling hands, she began washing her face.

one so92m,0m Rick told her, "92mYou0m're92m making0m92m even0m regret you can92m at0m freezing my thoughts
-
I can't see anything--how can the pilot see where he's going?"
 "He has instruments to help him.
 We'll only be in them for a minute.
 Then you'll see what I mean."
 She did, marveling at the beauty of perfectly clear blue skies above and white powder puffs below.
 The clouds looked so soft and fluffy that she wished she could bounce on them.
 The trip was exciting.
 The flight attendant brought them peanuts and Coke, and Rick bought them headphones so that they could watch a movie.
 And then she brought them dinner!
 It wasn't very good, but Rick said that they could get some pizza as soon as they got to Hollywood.

lute they were singing,92m just0m basic country92m,0m and they92m were0m so happy to eat92m.0m92m<eop>0m<eod>ther
-
I suppose if I live another thirty years, my eyes will still mist when I think of my girl as the fast friendly pitcher.
 University of Arizona, whom I count as my team since I taught there for several years, is leading University of Hawaii when we leave, on account of a book signing.
 My friend Alan, with whom I’ve partnered for a lot of book signings, likes to hound me about a remark I once made, “There’s no such thing as a bad signing.” Well, by now I’ll admit that there is such a thing.
 But most often, even if you don’t sell many books, interesting stuff happens.
 And you never can tell when you’ll get blessed.
 Or challenged.
 Or both.
 A woman of kind and friendly demeanor comes into Chapters, a coffee shop bookstore in Newberg, Oregon, about a half hour from Portland.
 I’ll call this woman Curly.
 Though she's older than most college students, as her sweatshirt is lettered “George Fox,” I ask if she goes to nearby George Fox University.

2m a0m few dates. Up marriage92m.0m92m Up0m friendship92m.0m On Tuesday, we'd92m best0m connect again
-
Mrs. Tiggs seemed to have read whatever memo Mrs. Sorenson had been working off of earlier.
 She started out the hour by asking me a question I was positive wasn't in any of the chapters I'd ever read.
 The class' collective mouth dropped in astonishment as Dominic called her on it.
 "But Mrs. Tiggs, isn't that covered in Chapter 18?
 I mean, I just started the class obviously, but it just seems confusing.
 Your syllabus says we're talking about the preterit today."
 The only other person I'd ever met who could've even come close to pulling off such an innocent expression was Rachel, and I wasn't sure even she could compete with Dominic today.
 If I'd found her standing in front of a broken window with a rock in her hand, and she'd told me she had no idea why the window had shattered, all the while flashing me that look, I would've believed her.
 Mrs. Tiggs apparently wasn't quite so gullible.
 "It's a reasonable question, as the two subjects are highly related.

 the92m nose0m will catch92m on0m hopefully. The92m pre0mterit sees the representation of skin,92m hair0m,92m plastic0m,
-
.
 maybe she should see what it would be like .
 .
 .
 Even as she thought it, she opened her mouth a bit.
 Rick's tongue darted inside.
 And the flame that it created shot through her entire body, surprising her with its power and heat.
 Her body ached with a pleasure that seemed too intense to bear.
 Intoxicated, she wrapped her arms around Rick’s neck, moaning.
 Powerfully aroused by that moan, Rick slid one hand down her back to press her closer.

 on0m the sides of his c.section. All she92m needed0m was the ease92m that0m92m his0m mouth92m found0m her
-
Liz – I gathered that…
 Eugene – And I was wandering around looking for a bathroom.
 I found one.
 Jim – You walked in on her?
 Eugene – How was I supposed to know that she showered in the nude?
 Jim – That has got to be the dumbest thing I ever heard you say.
 Liz – When did this all happen.
 Eugene – About a year ago.
 Liz – And why…
 Art – Dinner is served!

 pre meals92m and0m the food served by a woman fellow fishing her92m.0m Pai92mred0m dishes serving92m and0m eating92m on0m a
-
"She stopped when she realized that 'Welcoming' was the only celebration of childbirth mother was going to write."
 I felt my smile sour, and tried to turn away, but Alec caught my chin and gently pulled my face up, forcing me to meet his gaze.
 "You don't need to feel embarrassed.
 It's not something that's easy to talk about.
 It's even harder for Rachel to discuss, but sometimes those things still need to be examined.
 It's actually a relief to tell you.
 There are so many open secrets around here.
 It comes from living in such close quarters, from everyone being able to hear what's said anywhere in the house.
 It feels good to be able to share them with you."
 I returned his smile and tried not to focus on questions of just how much of the fluttering in my stomach was due to natural attraction for him, and how much was due to mystical heebie-jeebies.

92m long0m92m days0m, week or week,92m or0m a month92m,0m or a year,92m you0m listen and
-
Wuthering Heights wasn't ever going to be my favorite book, but Mr. Whethers had made the characters more real in the last few days and I was actually excited to see what he had in store next.
 Unfortunately, Mr. Whethers wasn't there.
 The substitute teacher sitting at his desk didn't even take roll; he just shut the door, told us to keep it down, and flipped open a magazine.
 While I was sitting at my desk wondering what to do with the next hour of my life, something I'd read in the physics book suddenly clicked.
 In a perfect world I would've been left in peace to finish reasoning out the answer.
 Instead, Britney leaned over and smiled.
 "So I was really surprised to see you with Brandon.
 I thought for sure he'd be pissed after you made Cassie back down like that."
 "Surprise, surprise, maybe he isn't as shallow and vindictive as you thought."
 The words were mean, but they felt good.

2m circle0m of friends and they even92m spent0m some time with the other person in their92m life0m92m.0m Of course92m,0m
-
He’s 11 years younger than me, and in the music business where he works shooting videos for rap artists my sons listen to.
 He has had a solid relationship with both of our boys and that could translate into communication.
 This Thanksgiving we had an agenda that didn’t include turkey and all the trimmings.
 Agenda Item One: Get our son’s belongings out of his rental house.
 The landlord met me, Lisa, Harry, Harry’s wife Anabel, and a shaking miserable Brandon at the house, and I felt sorry for the owner of this home.
 He was a deeply religious man accompanied by his mousy wife and perfectly groomed daughter, all dressed in their Sunday best on their way home from church.
 He had believed all of Brandon’s lies, trusted my son and his roommates and ended up landlord of a drug den.
 He was devastated to see the condition of his property but he was strangely calm and understanding.
 He simply wanted our help to get Brandon’s belongings out of his house and fix things as best we could.
 He gave us an offer we couldn’t refuse.

2m Lee0m ofs ideas92m to0m the92m economy0m means letting him give92m up0m his job.<eop> That night night92m we0m
-
I didn’t know who the order had been intended for, but it wasn’t me.
 This man was going to die.
 I knew he didn’t have more than a moment before their magic broke him.
 They would take his life because he was after us.
 After me.
 I didn’t hesitate, just pulled my arm up and swung hard, backhand.
 The blade cut clean and his head rolled backward, hitting the ground with a sickening thud.
 I looked away.
 The others stared at me.
 I couldn’t blame them.

ter you92m.0m And you92m.0m I92m was0m after her. I nodded, looking away92m.0m My92m emotions0m raced
-
The commercialization of the arms trade – which benefits some countries economically at the expense of the security of all nations – must be subject to rigorous monitoring and control by international agencies.
 Vested economic interests that thrive on conflict must be placed under UN surveillance and regulation.
 International institutions must be strengthened to eradicate arms smuggling, narcotics, offshore money laundering and other criminal activities that serve as seedbeds and instruments for terrorism.
 However, no final solution to the problem of terrorism can be arrived at by force alone.
 While terrorism is frequently attributed to religion and ideology, it sprouts and thrives most readily among populations that lack opportunities for gainful employment and economic development.
 Social unrest is an expression of the upward aspiration of those who have been left out of the political and development process or who feel threatened by the rapid pace and stress of social change and inequity.
 Those who lack the opportunity or the ability to labour intensely for their own upliftment express their productive energies through the intensity of violence.
 The international community cannot afford to be silent spectators of the growing violence.
 Peace, democracy and development are inseparable and interdependent.
 Liberal democracy and economic opportunity for all are essential ingredients for winning the war against terrorism.

2m against0m terrorism is conducted on92m the0m soil of the92m 0m"92mZ0man and Eastern92m Sahara0m Camp", which
-
Secondly, even when they sleep in the same house, they sleep in different beds.
 Jim – They sleep in different beds?
 It’s like a 1950’s television show.
 Anyways they could push the beds together from time to time.
 Liz – They couldn’t push the beds together though, they sleep in different rooms.
 Jim – I’m surprised that each of them doesn’t have their own porn collections that rival my dad’s.
 Liz – They don’t need to buy porn.
 Jim – They visit each other’s rooms then?
 Liz – No, they hardly talk to each other.
 Jim – How do they manage staying sane?

today, they buy92m groceries0m. Jim – They92m swing0m92m games0m92m talking0m92m.0m Playing games?
-
Greg:  Nothing so romantic, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s.
 Cindy:  Really?
 Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  Who?
 Cindy:  I can’t do this anymore.
 You should really go see a doctor.
 Greg:  Maybe, I think I look worse than I feel.
 Cindy: Even if that is true, you look terrible.
 Greg: Thanks a lot.
 no, I’ve never met him…he doesn’t hang around with the likes of me, I’m just a lowly peon ya know, just a burger flipper.

o on your92m vacation0m a92mvid0m, about 2 months on a92m long0m drive it’s92m been0m92m.0m
-
We can bring all of Dezrel under our control and declare victory for Karak.”
 Qurrah stood, his eyes glimmering with anticipation.
 “Where will we strike first?”
 “Woodhaven is a symbol of cooperation between races.
 That must be ended.
 We will burn Veldaren to ash thereafter.
 Once all of Neldar is in chaos, we may proceed however we wish.”
 “Will we strike the elves?” Qurrah asked.
 “Why do you ask?”
 The half-orc laughed.

events that92m N0meldar92m had0m put together or92m a0m92m to0m was92m impossible0m. He laughed. “Their task is
-
Jim – Alright, alright.
 Well you remember when Gene was calling people up at three in the morning and doing that evil laugh…
 Liz – Yeah, that got annoying…
 Jim – I know, he did it to me like 10 times.
 Liz – So?
 Jim – Finally I just snapped and told him that calling people and laughing like a maniac wasn’t evil, it was just annoying.
 Liz – What does that have to do with it?
 Jim – Well, he kept on badgering me and asking me how he could make it truly evil, you know Gene, once he gets something into his head he sticks with it until he gets it working, unless it almost kills him.
 Liz – Or until he gets beaten up.
 Jim – That too.

een92m a0m92m from0m92m these0m magazines lately ads that I thought disgusting92m.0m Liz 92m–0m What he did to them
-
Johnny – Who gave him that quest?
 Jim – Nobody gave him the quest he learned about it from watching the nightly news.
 He was just really bored that weekend, so off he went.
 Johnny – That’s just retarded.
 Jim – If you think that’s bad just read the issue where both Sumo and Skinny died, and then were resurrected by the Schizophrenic Bi-polar Doctor as zombies.
 Johnny – What did he do that for?
 Jim – Not a clue, mom caught me before had a chance to finish the comic.
 I later heard that it was considered to be both the best and worst Sumo Assassin comic ever.
 Never have been able to find another copy.
 Ah well, it doesn’t really matter.

if change sounds nice92m 0m)..92m.0m...92m.0m.... who92m ever0m
-
There was a pull on his chest—the taste of copper on his tongue.
 When he opened his eyes, the skull fell to the battlements.
 The jaw snapped and rotting teeth clattered to the streets below.
 “You did it!” Harruq picked up the skull, frowning at its ordinariness.
 Shrugging, he flung it toward the distant army of orcs.
 “Not done yet,” Qurrah said, sweat lining his face, his breathing soft and ragged.
 “There’re so many.
 So…‌many…”
 He closed his eyes.
 This time, he didn’t grab just one thread.

d that simply didn’92mt0m allow92m him0m to92m retreat0m into. Few would allow92m anyone0m to even92m reach0m outside a thread
-
It’s like yoga—you’re always seeking a perfection that stays just beyond your reach, because it’s supposed to.
 You never conquer it.
 The dobro is holy.
 I have a teacher, a guy out here, you’ve never heard of him—he’s done some studio stuff, but mostly he just plays for himself and his students.
 He lives up in the hills, inherited money from, what was it, adding machines or some office supply.
 He’s an office supply heir.
 Anyway, he’s teaching me dobro.
 It’s a discipline, like any other.
 I love the dobro but, never, never would I claim to be master of it.
 CM:  	I’ve got a review here of Rain and Other Distractions.

s0m Rain and Other Distractions because I92m enjoy0m, the to,92m of0m O92mMG0m92mo0m, this
-
Low agricultural productivity results in high cost food, low rural incomes and limited employment opportunities, both on farm and in downstream industries.
 As a revolution in agricultural productivity provided the impetus for rapid industrialization in Britain and later USA in the 19th Century, rapid modernization of agricultural technology, a shift to commercial crops, improved linkages for credit, marketing and processing can act as a catalyst for employment generation and economic growth in many developing countries today.
 As some countries have already proven, high productivity does not necessarily require large tracks of land or high levels of mechanization, but it does require quality inputs, adoption of advanced cultivation practices, efforts to improve the productivity of water, access to credit, infrastructure for storage, producer-oriented marketing and industries for processing.
 Information Empowerment: The poor quality, slow speed and inadequate reach of extension services is the bane of farming in many developing countries.
 ICT can be harnessed to provide farmers with access to state-of-the-art technical advice, quality inputs and market information.
 The proper analysis and replenishment of soil nutrients by itself can double or triple crop yields.
 Utilizing ICT, it is possible to deliver custom-tailored instructions for soil improvement in a timely manner at low cost.
 It can help to promote quality and trade literacy among farm women and men.
 Organizational Linkages: In much of the developing world, agriculture suffers from intense fragmentation of land holdings among small and marginal farmers.
 These farmers tend to have lower levels of education, poor access to technology for upgrading productivity, less access to quality inputs and credit, poor access to storage and processing facilities, and higher losses due to post-harvest crop spoilage.

xperience92m with0m mechanized irrigation systems and92m central0m fertilizer circulation systems92m:0m Due to the92m continued0m austerity92m,0m agriculture
-
Besides wearing camouflage doesn’t make you invisible like I thought, it just makes you a little harder to pick out when you’re in the forest.
 Art – No, no boy.
 I mean, why do you want to be adopted?
 You’re already a member of the family as is, the adopting process is just a formality.
 Eugene – I can’t explain it.
 I just don’t want to be related to Jerry anymore.
 I want him out of my life for good.
 This is the best way I can think of.
 Art – You’ll always be related to Jerry, he’s your father.
 When was the last time you saw him anyways.

y transition be a92m little0m easier and92m faster0m for92m you0m as you consider92m the0m next scene. Eugene –92m But0m
-
I considered the alternative—pierced through with arrows, blessed with a prayer—and I laughed.
 His eyes were intense as he reached to gently cup my neck, fingers resting at my spine, thumb grazing the base of my ear.
 I felt him urge me forward, and my breath caught, heart stuttering into a broken lope.
 And then Ruby was beside us from out of nowhere, her words startling me back to the cold, dull room.
 “They’re coming in.” Chevelle leaned back, his fingers brushing my collarbone when he pulled away.
 I bit my lip at the tingle that ran through me, and the corner of his mouth turned up into a different kind of smile.
 He stood to walk from the room and I stared at the stone entry, struggling to keep my thoughts from spinning out of control.
 Too much had happened.
 Too much was wrong.
 My life had flipped, twisted into some strange reflection of itself, and I couldn’t reconcile the fragments.

 to the92m architecture0m92m of0m Wagner, and92m Beethoven0m. way to92m the0m soul,. to the92m Third0m Eye. and
-
His mind relished the soft feel of her lips on his, the scent of flowers, and the subtle fire that had escaped onto his tongue.
 “I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, taking a hesitant step toward the trees.
 “Sure thing,” Harruq said, rubbing the tear off his cheek and pretending it had not been there.
 Aurelia smiled.
 Tears were on her cheeks as well, but she left them alone.
 “Bye-bye, Harruq.”
 “Bye-bye, Aurelia.”
 Then she was gone.
 He stood there, not moving, his mind a chaos of fear, swords, Velixar, his brother, and that lingering kiss.
 Then he screamed to the sky, one long, primal roar of hopeless confusion.

is0m name became92m I0m-you92m.0m92m The0m monster stood empty in him. Only92m a0m tree. Instead of
-
The idea that most of these jobs could be created in the corporate sector or by government-sponsored activities has been put to rest.
 Currently, there are nearly one billion self-employed and unpaid family workers in the world, most of them self-employed farmers in developing countries.
 The self-employed represent 48 per cent of the workforce in low-income economies (less than $500 per capita GDP).
 For any strategy to be successful, it must give central importance to self-employment and entrepreneurship, with emphasis on agriculture, agro-industry and small firms in the informal sector.
 While a single approach will not be applicable to countries and regions of the world in different stages of development, a number of common principles and strategies are widely applicable.
 Agriculture as an engine
 Slightly more than half the world’s workforce, of whom 30 per cent are women, are still engaged in agriculture.
 Agriculture will remain the largest single occupation for the foreseeable future.
 For too long this sector has been regarded by planners primarily as the source of essential food production.
 Historically, agriculture has also played a major role as an engine for economic growth and employment.

ture still largely remains suitable92m for0m consumption.92m<eop>0m92m<eod>0m The fiber92m-0mcontaining materials is a silver bears92mreflect0mive
-
Thoughts of Brandon made it hard to really get into the chapter.
 Also, it was hard not to notice the borderline hostile stares from the other kids.
 I sighed in relief when the bell rang, and pulled out my schedule and map to see where I'd be going next.
 Physics?
 I mentally reviewed my conversation with the secretary, but couldn't remember either of us mentioning the class.
 As if trying to catch up in Algebra wasn't going to be bad enough, I was going to face the same kind of problem in physics.
 Grumbling to myself, I promised to try and switch into something better first thing tomorrow morning.
 The class was in a section of the building I hadn't been to yet, one apparently older than the rest of the building.
 The lights were spaced further apart and the cinder blocks in the walls were a slightly different size.
 Good thing I still had my water.

92m down0m there. Good thing92m I0m made it to92m the0m tap down below92m to0m see92m that0m it was mostly water
-
Neither the determinism of the state nor the determinism of the market can be adequate in themselves to achieve the goals of peace and prosperity that we strive after.
 It has been generally assumed that the transition now taking place in Eastern Europe will sooner or later lead these countries to adopt forms of government and economy identical to those prevalent in the West.
 But for those raised in a society that offered a great measure of social security, the poverty and insecurity of the Western system are gross inadequacies.
 While it is clear that these new democracies have rejected the authoritarian statist system, it is not yet clear what finally they will accept, discover or invent as a more acceptable alternative.
 The creativity and inventiveness they have exhibited in seeking an alternative in the past may quite possibly lead them to discover that better social system which both East and West are in need of.
 Viewed from an evolutionary perspective, we may surmise the general direction and likely destination of that quest.
 The requirements of the state and the market must eventually give way to the needs of people.
 The values of authority and money must be supplanted by acceptance of the fundamental value of the human being.
 Human welfare and well-being must become the central determinants of social policy, in place of the compulsions of the centrally controlled state bureaucracy and the decentralized market pricing mechanism.
 The first essential step in that direction is a commitment by market economies to guarantee the right of every citizen to employment.

aracteristics of capitalist system, a a socialist regime would92m represent0m the "92mna0mde"92m of0m92m all0m92m of0m
-
In each ragged breath, he gasped, tasting copper on his tongue.
 His back ached, and his whole body revolted against his constant motion.
 Still, he had no choice.
 He passed by home after home, each one dark and quiet.
 It seemed the occupants of Singhelm were terrified the elves might seek vengeance for the king’s edict.
 Qurrah chuckled though it felt like hammers pummeled his chest.
 He spread his hands to either side and bathed a few houses with fire.
 The city’s fear was deep enough he could sense it like a cold breeze, and he wanted it to deepen.
 An arrow whistled by, clipping his ear.
 Qurrah dropped to his knees as a second thudded into the side of a home, inches from his neck.

o focused92m focus0m *E.....92m.0m92m.0m..92m.0m92m.0m... Har
-
Now that he’d found her he wanted nothing more than to escape.
 He was supposed to thank her and go, not be mocked and ordered around.
 “Go on home,” Aurelia said.
 “I’ll be waiting for you.”
 He did as commanded, and that fact disturbed him greatly.
 Qurrah was awake when he returned.
 “Where have you been?” he asked.
 “I went out to train,” Harruq said.
 “Without them?” Qurrah pointed to Harruq’s swords stacked in the corner.
 The larger half-orc shrugged.

he swords92m!0m<eop> Har92mru0mq decided to92m ob0m92m before0m him92m as0m one of the Creachthee
-
Watchers were not allowed around the squares.
 Rodregas knew Imeralda and Doi’van were atop the wall, the closest spot allowed for spectators.
 Two contestants had already fought.
 The rules were simple.
 Two went in and one came out walking.
 The constants were bare of chest and foot.
 There were no fancy speeches to start the match, a bell sounded and the next round began.
 Rodregas kept his weight low and his hands up.
 Doi’van and he had discussed the best approach.
 Both agreed the best strategy would be to use his full strength and speed to be quick and as brutal as he could without killing.

mmended92m on0m92m previous0m contestants. Doi92m’0mvan used92m momentum0m to keep him under his weight92m.0m The Watcher
-
The largest circle held all the others and was made of a glittering white sand-like substance.
 Its diameter had been drawn as large as possible within the limitations of the roof’s edges.
 On the inside were sigils, runes, and small candles set out every few feet.
 Rodregas knew enough of magic to understand that the purpose of this circle was to keep out unwanted magical influences.
 They could interfere with the spell casting inside the circle.
 Also, the circle would hold in any magical forces inside which someone wanted to store or manipulate.
 Inside the large circle were four smaller circles.
 Rodregas’ eyes immediately went to the one on the north side made of blue sand, where inside sigils made of a yellow waxy substance laid a giant lion.
 This was not a normal lion such as those found in the nearby forest, but a giant beast.
 Ravenhurr had been lucky indeed.

avenhurr.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m There0m is a theory that rap92mp0m92m Fe0m92mits0m helped Cannansen
-
BG:  	Right.
 CM:  	First song, the painful, “Allison All Gone.”
 BG:  	Right.
 Nothing to say there.
 Next.
 CM: 	Uh…
 BG:  	What?
 It’s all in the song, man.
 Broken heart.
 Big fucking deal.

0m right.92m Who0m92m we0m performed special, and at the last92m minute0m, how was this misery92m possible0m,
-
The whip fell, the fire vanishing the second it left contact with Qurrah’s skin.
 A second arrow followed.
 The half-orc rocked backward, his brown eyes wide in shock, as the tip pierced deep into his throat.
 The healing potion fell from his hands and broke against a rock.
 He slid back, resting against a home as he gasped for breath.
 The elf grabbed the shaft of the arrow, and that sick anger filled his face.
 “How many of my kin died to your hand?” he asked.
 A twist of his hand sent spasms of pain all throughout Qurrah’s body.
 He coughed violently, and blood ran down his lips and neck.
 “Don’t feel like answering?” the elf mocked.

ays92m keen0m to be polite to everyone, demanded92m his0m answer92m,0m which was so emphatic92m Rafe0m could92m beat0m Buddha
-
I just don’t feel like doing anything else.” He took her hand, squeezing it.
 “I didn’t succeed in cheering you up, did I?” She returned the squeeze.
 “There’s really nothing you can do.
 I’m just so discouraged.
 I tried so hard this morning.
 I don’t know what else I can do.” He was quiet for a moment.
 “Did you ever walk in your garden before that morning you walked into my garden?” “Of course.
 I love to walk in the garden.” “So that one morning, there was just a-a door or something.
 All the other mornings there wasn’t.
 So just because you tried hard this morning, that doesn’t mean that trying hard tomorrow or the next day or the next won’t work.” She smiled.

nd turned to92m face0m him.92m “0m92m Ok0m, so you need me92m to0m give92m you0m a strength now and
-
The emerging situation poses a challenge to the European concept of the welfare state.
 Employment in Eastern Europe and the republics of the former Soviet Union has been severely disrupted by the break-up of COMECON, the dissolution of the USSR and the movement of these countries from centrally planned to market economies.
 From the beginning of 1990 to March 1992, registered unemployment grew from 100,000 to over 4 million and it has continued to rise steeply since then.
 The unemployment rate for ten Eastern European countries now averages around 17 per cent.
 Recent projections indicate that jobless ness in Russia could reach 15 million persons or 18 per cent of the work-force in the near future.
 By far the most serious problem lies in the developing world, where unemployment rates average 40–50 per cent in many countries.
 In Latin America, 192 million people representing 46 per cent of the population live under the poverty line, and 22 per cent of them are considered ‘extremely poor’.
 Urban unemployment is around 8 per cent, but average industrial wages in the region fell by 17.5 per cent during the 1980s and the number of workers in the lower-wage informal sector doubled.
 Although population growth has slowed, a 72 per cent increase in labour participation rates for women is causing the work force to continue to expand rapidly.
 This region needs to double its employment growth rate to create 89 million new jobs during the 1990s in order to provide full employment opportunities for all its people.

vations and other educational schemes are92m embraced0m and secondary92m classes0m92m should0m participate92m in0m vocational training92m by0m closely training
-
Every political leader knows the power of attitudes.
 Great leaders possess the power to change them.
 Many of those who frankly acknowledge that external limitations such as money and technology are not insurmountable barriers to changing the world erect an alternative myth of inner determinism by insisting that the attitudes of people, and especially their leaders, cannot be changed.
 In contrast, we view attitudes as one of the greatest of human resources, one that possesses a remarkable capacity for adaptation.
 Over the past two decades, we have witnessed and been parties to a radical change in attitudes of people, leaders and nations around the world regarding preservation of the environment.
 It would have been difficult to conceive in 1970 that, in spite of the myriad technological difficulties and powerful economic interests at stake, the entire world would make such a dramatic shift of attitude so quickly.
 This change was not brought about from above by enlightened leadership, but rather from below in response to a swelling tide of public awareness and concern, growing as a result of the work of countless individuals, voluntary agencies and research institutions projected through the media, confirmed by the findings of the UN World Commission on Environment and Development, embodied in the specific resolutions of the Earth Summit and in the growing body of environmental laws being adopted by every country, and now commonly incorporated in the educational curricula at every level.
 The changes called for in this report require changes of attitude of this magnitude.
 But no longer is it necessary for a great visionary leader to espouse a new attitude.
 The higher general levels of public education, the worldwide extension of the media and the active initiative of literally thousands of institutions serving the public interest can exert a powerful force for change, which sooner or later political leaders will accept and espouse.

t the92m world0m, when92m they0m do encounter various constraints, investors92m,0m technology and92m other0m resources92m or0m entities have the ability
-
“Too much death this day,” he said.
 “For hundreds of years my brother and I lived here, and for hundreds of years more we would have remained.
 He is dead now, and for what reason?”
 “Death has no reason,” Qurrah said, his whole body tensing.
 “No,” the elf said, turning around so he could stare at Qurrah eye to eye.
 “But murderers do.”
 Neither moved.
 Neither spoke.
 Qurrah felt his nerves fray, and in his gut a sudden confusion swelled.
 He felt as if he hung over the side of a cliff, and the bones he held were the rope.

nce in weight opposing his safety.92m The0m elf also92m felt0m92m a0m blood rush92m as0m his92m body0m lay before him
-
You didn’t think about lifting your leg to get on the horse, you just knew you wanted to climb on and your leg lifted.” Chevelle caught us then, riding up and cutting off Steed’s explanation with a clipped, “This isn’t the time for a magic lesson.” All three horses slowed to a walk as Chevelle shot Steed a glance.
 I could only think of our lessons, of the fire in the clearing.
 It had been so obvious once Chevelle had urged me to control a stronger flame, I guessed because I had been using the power in small doses for so long.
 “What about your hands?” I asked.
 “What do you mean?” Steed said, ignoring Chevelle’s warning glance.
 “Why do you use your hands, if you just think it, I mean?” He laughed.
 “That’s simply a quirk, I guess.
 Habit.
 Like when you’re playing flip ball and you want your piece to go in so bad you lean hard to ‘help’ it.” I remembered the game from when I’d first come to the village.
 The children would be bound from magic and have to throw an odd-shaped piece into the corresponding hole on a game board across from them.

s92m were0m92m led0m by legs and feet from wrists92m.0m92m and0m was then thrown into92m the0m hole, trying my
-
“I don’t know.
 Girl issues?” “I heard that!” Emily said angrily.
 That’s when suddenly a hideous creature appeared in front of us.
 It was hunched over, with thick furry skin and wicked claws that shot out of its curled paws.
 We would soon know them as thrashers, beasts we would get used to seeing.
 I don’t know who screeched louder in fear, but I’m pretty sure it might have been me.
 Seth pulled his sword out but his hand shook like mad.
 I clumsily pulled an arrow out of the quiver on my back and struggled to attach it to my bow.
 How the heck did those people in movies make this look so easy?
 I exchanged a look with Seth, but he looked as clueless as I did.

a pact, to explain why we had so much money92m and0m92m spending0m.92m after0m we made92m it0m92m,0m Emily
-
And about the time I would have graduated from high school we got the chance to make that album, what we thought was our big break, our rocket to stardom.
 So, while my girlfriend and my friends and ex-friends were preparing for baccalaureate, we were rehearsing songs in that old gas station for Turntable Poison.
 It was a heady time.
 CM:  	You had a girlfriend at that time?
 BG: 	Of course, I mean, yeah.
 Sure, a high school girlfriend.
 The kind doomed to fail as soon as you taste the world outside of that brick building where they’d been holding you prisoner.
 I had a great girlfriend, a young woman of soul and beauty.
 CM: 	Uh..
 BG:  	Carol Warner.

ng0m do you mean92m.0m.. medium do you mean92m?0m 92mMG0m92m:0m Carol Warner!
-
My instructor would start us out with the prayer and then we would meditative on our duty.” “For how long?” asked Imeralda.
 “Until you are sure of what your duty is,” Rodregas replied, hearing the voice of his old drill Knight Captain.
 All the instructors had been retired knights who enjoyed teaching the squires.
 He did not think the two would join him for this but both pulled their weapons and imitated his position, Doi’van with his large great sword balanced on his powerful arms, Imeralda grabbed her bow instead of a short sword, which with her lack of training was probably a good idea.
 Rodregas focused inwards and resumed his meditation.
 He was finding it wonderful to do the meditation again; Rodregas had a lot of good memories from his life as a squire, before everything had gone wrong.
 Part of him felt uncomfortable for doing this again, like he no longer had the right.
 But once you are raised from Page to Squire as he had been, you always got to keep the title of Squire.
 Squires who were not raised to knighthood were much sought after; their martial training and their education, especially in law and etiquette, were a great foundation for many careers.
 As Rodregas knelt on the ground balancing the sword across his arms, and the sun warm on his face, he thought back to that time when he had used his Squire title to get into the officer academy in the Ramig Empire.

thers!<eop><eod>92m While0m John Lee92m,0m who92m was0m such very positive92m a0m person, decided92m to0m trade for
-
Not necessarily in that order.
 See you later Jim.
 (Walking away)
 Jim – I’ll catch up to you later Liz.
 Oh, by the way Gene wants to talk to you.
 Art – Does our beloved Eugene have something in mind?
 Jim – Dad, its Gene…
 Art – A stupid question on my part.
 More precisely then, what does he have in mind?
 Jim – He didn’t say.

m get0m a92m message0m from him.” the comments talks92m about0m Gene... thinks92m of0m92m his0m
-
Conscious efforts can be made to foster the natural linkage between agricultural and industrial development by placing emphasis on crops that have the greatest potential for stimulating the growth of agro-industries, services and exports.
 Filling in the missing links in the chain of processing and distribution, such as pre-cooling for fruit and vegetables, can enable small farmers to produce for national and export markets; it also results in higher at-farm prices and creates alternative forms of rural employment.
 Empowerment of women
 The vast majority of women living in rural areas are engaged in agriculture.
 Therefore, upgrading productivity, skills and incomes in this sector is the single most effective means of improving the livelihood of women in developing countries.
 Skill development programmes in areas such as hybrid seed production, floriculture, inland aquaculture, vegetables and poultry can be particularly beneficial.
 Promotion of micro-level credit institutions and savings programmes can generate capital for the establishment by women of small rural enterprises.
 FOOD SECURITY IN AFRICA
 The present prognosis for Africa resembles the pessimistic assessment of Asia in the 1960s that projected most Asians would face starvation in the 1970s.
 Over the past two decades, total food production in Africa has grown at exactly the same rate as for the world as a whole, but high levels of population growth have resulted in declining availability of food per capita in many countries, particularly in the sub-Saharan region.

2m prospects0m92m that0m a92m potential0m famine could cause a92m reduction0m in92m the0m total food supply of between 1 and 3 times
-
In the dark, in our closed rooms, it’s hard.
 That’s what I’m saying.
 Lonely’s ok when you’re seventeen, but, man, we’re not seventeen anymore.
 I wanna talk about that.
 I mean, I love performing, but I also gotta spend time just playing for me, just me and the guitar, so I learn the message, so I understand.
 CM:  	Let’s backtrack a little.
 I wanna talk about “Turntable Poison,” in particular some of the things that have been written about it.
 Some analysts of the record see things in it, which I’ve heard you deny, yet, there does seem to be something underneath the surface of these songs, something darker.
 Dave Marsh described it as “Mansonish deviltry mixed with Buffalo Springfield lyrics and Cream jams.”  It’s this Charlie Manson element that I’d like to hear you talk about, this school of thought that the record is some sort of coded message, a hint of what was to come, a gateway to the Apocalypse, according to Crawdaddy.
 BG:  	Is that a question?

ever0m noted92m by0m some that they did92m not0m know92m how0m to continually find92m that0m Marsh described albums as a
-
He talked about money, women, and other stuff he’d missed while in prison.
 When he asked if we would be looking for work in Miami and we said probably, he nodded and chucked my arm.
 “Hey, the boss will set you up.” The boss lived in a palace on a canal.
 He was a midget who needed a wheelchair, but whose live-in babe was about twice his height and half his age.
 She reminded me of the barmaid in New Orleans.
 I was mourning the loss of that dream when the midget said, “You guys from San Diego, must’ve driven a boat now and then.” Bob said he had driven a couple speedboats.
 “Sure you did,” the midget said.
 “Johnny’ll get you the boat.
 All you gotta do is take it out a coupla miles, pick up some items, bring’em in.
 You’re game, right?” After considering the looks worn by the midget, Johnny, and even the babe, we said, “Right.

niversal on92m the0m Coast92m,0m let us92m enter0m the92m boat0m,” then Bob talked92m and0m drank, leaving his wife
-
CM:  	Ok, um, the next song on Rain and Other Distractions, the penultimate song, before the finisher, “Goodbye to the Shell,” is this odd little folk song, “Right on Poplar Avenue.”
 BG: 	Yeah, that’s Lor’s song, actually.
 Well, I mean, she didn’t write it, except in the sense that she’s inside my head like no one else.
 That song stems from a conversation we were having about the past, about the future.
 You know, it’s so damn hard to live in the moment, isn’t it?
 I mean, it’s that Zen thing, you know?
 You wanna stay present, but the past keeps intruding.
 “Right on Poplar Avenue,” pun intended, is about this girlfriend I use to have—well, she wasn’t really a girlfriend, I guess—she was one of those people you come up against in your life where you’re just beating your head against a wall.
 For whatever reason you just aren’t connecting.
 This woman, beautiful woman, was a flirt, no kidding, I mean, she made eyes at me across this restaurant, this vegetarian restaurant, and I couldn’t figure out what she was doing.

dn’92mt0m feel I was her92m.0m92m She0m pushed92m back0m, and every way that92m I0m felt closer
-
How could it ever be?
 I was racked with guilt as we made our way up the mountain.
 I purposefully rode behind him, glad at least to be able to control the horse on my own.
 Small patches of snow had started to dot the landscape, the vegetation a darker, sharper green.
 Occasionally the sun would break through the mist, making me squint, and I would appreciate the calmer, hazier atmosphere.
 Gloom, as they called it at home, in the usually sunny village where I would spend my eternity.
 I wondered where I would be kept as a captive, if there would be windows, if I was unfit for public view.
 Chevelle picked up speed after we passed through the more difficult part of the trail and then we rode fast the rest of the day.
 I struggled to keep up.
 I was sure I knew the cause of his hurry.

was92m narrow0m and filleded with many cars92m.0m He may have been92m a0m92m health0m-man-92mage0m but
-
Luckily, I was saved by Mrs. Alexander's appearance at the door, a dry-erase marker behind one ear, a pencil behind the other.
 The rest of the class period should have been enjoyable.
 My group had the right answer, which I'd come up with on my own, and we were now learning about leverage, mechanical advantage, and friction, all of which were actually pretty interesting.
 I studiously ignored Alec, even though I could all but feel him glaring at me the entire time.
 When the bell finally rang, Mrs. Alexander looked up from her white board with a startled expression.
 "I suppose that's it then.
 Don't forget to turn in your assignments on your way out."
 Anxious to make sure I got credit for all the work I'd done, I hurried up to the front of the class before Alec could get to his feet.
 "Oh, Adriana.
 It looks like you've been busy."

n Alec-who92m had0m this sign before92m I0m spelled hair extension above his92m index0m92m-0m92m-0m she was..
-
Ravenhurr had a suit of Mithril chain; he could feel his heart start to beat in excitement.
 Mithril, a rare magical metal that was stronger than steel but much less heavy and made one of the best light armors.
 AElves, who are not physically as strong as other people, loved the metal.
 Rodregas held it up to himself and then, as excited as he had become, his heart sank as he realized that the suit was both too short and much too slim for him to wear.
 While there were straps to adjust it, his new body was very large and he would never wear the beautiful armor.
 He threw the armor on the bed.
 It might not work for him to wear, but he could get a good amount of money selling such fancy armor.
 It was the first item of real worth that he had found.
 On a shelf above it was another small pile of the silver chain.
 When he pulled it up he saw that it was a helmet, a solid Mithril skullcap with sides of chain mail designed to be connected at the bottom.

met92m and0m a base92m plate0m for92m giving0m his92m new0m body stability and weight.<eop>92m Rod0mregas watched taking a
-
I accept your invitation.
 As much as I hate the very thought of going to any formal dance, I can think of nothing better than going with you."
 "That's the addiction, the Ja'tell bond talking."
 Now that I knew his concerns, it was hard not to notice just how distracting the feel of his lips under my fingers was.
 Just how pleasant it was to have his hand cupped over mine.
 It was with an incredible amount of regret that I let go of him, and put several inches of empty air between us.
 It didn't help much; I could still feel his energy caressing the exposed pieces of my skin.
 "There, I'm not touching you, and I still want to go to the dance with you.
 Want it more than anything else."
 That wasn't completely true.

oth0m92m here0m with me, and make an option for me during92m the0m dance to92m still0m touch you modest92mly0m
-
Sometimes when you're that scared it's hard to keep things in perspective.
 Now that they've calmed down a little nobody would really trade you to Brandon on the tiny chance it might smooth things over.
 Not when we'll eventually end up in exactly the same spot."
 "It felt kind of like a game of capture the flag, with me as the flag."
 It wasn't the most flattering comparison ever invented, but at least it allowed me to try and convince myself I'd imagined the near-violence.
 Rachel's laugh was short and bitter.
 "That would be quite the understatement.
 I've known all five of them for quite a while.
 Most of them my whole life.
 Even so, I don't really know what it's like to be a shape shifter.

nt right for the92m kiss0m.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m Getting0m involved.92m Sometimes0m you92m understand0m what the lead feels like
-
All the better if that house burns down while he’s still inside in some sort of drunken stupor.
 It would solve a lot of problems, but then I couldn’t dance on his grave.
 I want you guys to legally adopt me as a symbol.
 That’s all it could ever be.
 You’ve pretty much been my family since mom left.
 It would…I dunno, it would let me move on, help me to move on I guess.
 Please.
 Art – We’ll see what we can do, guess we should let the rest of the family know, I wish I knew how John was going to take it, probably not well.
 Eugene – (Hugs art)Thank-you Art.
 Art – No problem Gene.

nk, doing92m this0m makes peace92m oh0m, so happy. I92m love0m92m coming0m back here so much92m.0m I will
-
Steed watched the village from the front room.
 Ruby sat with me on her bed, the door closed.
 “This will calm you,” she said.
 A sprinkle of glitter hit my face before I had the chance to protest.
 “Just a touch,” she assured me, “just a touch.” It was too late.
 The dust had already taken effect.
 I relaxed onto the bed, just as Ruby did the same beside me.
 We stared at her ceiling unspeaking for an immeasurable amount of time.
 I rolled on my side toward her, dimly irritated she’d poisoned me again.
 Though it was much less severe this time.

y stared92m down0m92m at0m my face with92m a0m blunt color. Apparently they were leaving that92m part0m out.92m Outside0m
-
Swallowing, he nodded.
 "I don't have any, but I'll buy one.
 For now I'll put it in a book."
 They went to the living room, and he put it in her copy of The Dragonriders of Pern.
 Drawing her down with him onto the sofa, he asked, "Is there anything special you want to do tonight?"
 "My last night here."
 Her heart soared and then plummeted, bouncing around erratically just as it had when he'd first told her he could help her get home.
 "I don't know.
 I'll miss TV and the microwave and the blowdryer, but the only thing I'll really have a hard time doing without is you.
 I love you, Rick.

again,92m and0m you will92m,0m too92m.0m" He spared her a small92m kiss0m beyond92m her0m lips, then
-
BG: 	Ok, so we got a local reputation, a sort of groundswell, that started small and then ran along the faultline that runs under the Bluff City.
 We were what they call an underground success, what Memphis specializes in.
 We were talked about but you had to be part of the cognoscenti, the insiders.
 I hated this, if I was aware of it—I really don’t remember.
 Keep in mind, all I wanted to do was play my guitar and write songs.
 And I was writing at an astonishing clip and artists were picking up on it, and, well, the money started coming in.
 See, in a way, I was fortunate.
 I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
 Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
 And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.

ongs, 12 figures. All92m kinds0m of92m guitar0m, (drums,92m all0m92m different0m kinds92m of0m guitar
-
She'd do all their laundry and clean the house from top to bottom and have dinner ready when Rick got home.
 She glanced at her watch and decided to get everything ready for breakfast so that it wouldn't take long to cook it for Rick as soon as they got back from her walk.
 She froze in place.
 What if she got back to 1927 today?
 She wouldn't get to go to Hollywood.
 Dropping into a chair, she drew her legs up and wrapped her arms around her knees.
 She wanted to go to Hollywood more than she'd ever wanted anything.
 Well, not more than she wanted to go home.
 She was having fun here, but it was as if she were on holiday.
 She missed her mother and father and friends, and she didn't think she could bear it if she thought she'd never get back.

 go to Hollywood, wanted92m to0m talk92m to0m some unknown, wanted92m hang0m out92m with0m92m a0m whole family and Disneyland
-
I was to stay in my truck and tell them to get in when they arrived.
 I was also told that the dealers would try to move me to another location and I was to stand my ground and never agree to move, even if it was just across the street.
 Steve had a warrant for his arrest in this county so he would attempt to avoid it.
 The officers would be placed all around me and my movement would ruin the bust and endanger me and the officers.
 I guess only time would tell how things would go down and we prepared to head to Wal-Mart parking lot for the big bust.
 I personally would rather be shot at Nordstrom’s!
 Once in place at the store, I was contacted via my regular cell phone and I was told to make the call to Ashley and tell her where I would meet her in 20 minutes.
 The marked police cars were out of site and honestly I couldn’t see one officer, undercover or otherwise.
 The unmarked cars were apparently mixed into the parking lot full of cars.
 I made the call and Ashley answered quickly.

efight veteran and activist!<eop>92m Ashley0m went92m to0m find Steve, who92m was0m92m already0m92m vineyard0m, closing his vineyard
-
He saw the child, as he called her, as an opportunity.
 I shouldn’t have been surprised.
 After all, had he not stolen my mother for precisely the same purpose, experimenting with power?
 He did, however, concern himself with where I’d found a human.
 I refused to tell.
 It was the only gift I could give Noble, his safety.
 I laughed as I remembered that was how I’d convinced him to stay, promising him protection.
 A false promise.
 Eventually, one of the servants slipped, revealing they had seen me following my sister.
 And just like that, she was to blame for the entire ordeal, even though she’d never known.

And0m it was me92m.0m92m Vanessa0m shifted her gaze to the attacking92m blood0m sadly.<eop><eod> Anchorage,92m Alaska0m
-
And, uh, violin?
 Is that right?
 CM: 	The Kinks.
 BG:  	Power chords.
 Fat guitar.
 I dig that stuff.
 CM: 	Led Zeppelin.
 BG: 	Great first album.
 Promising, yeah, they’re good.
 Lousy lyrics, but who cares, right?

I0m92med0m up with so92m many0m things but rock.92m And0m92m so0m much shit.
-
“You lied to Emily?
 She’s going kill you.” He smiled faintly.
 “She doesn’t need to know.” “So a dwarf told you something?
 Why didn’t you tell us?” I asked.
 Seth looked away.
 “It didn’t actually include you or anyone else, so I didn't say anything.” He paused.
 “They said that I would betray you all and be Kojas' servant.
 I would be the key to the downfall of Igneeria.
 I don't know what to do Jazell; I don't even know if those things are true.
 They won't attack me and I swear, if you gave them a minute, I bet they would help me.” He was talking so fast the words almost blurred together.

ade92m a0m noise92m crossing0m their legs92m.0m Emily was tense. She never knew that the92m U0mcteg92mian0m family
-
There were five shots that you had to make: a man shaped target at twenty paces, a crouching man shape at thirty, a standard round target in a hay bail at forty, and another round target at fifty paces and finally there was a round target dragged in hops and jumps across the field with a rope pulled by squires.
 As the first round of contestants lined up behind the rope to shoot, Rodregas watched the technique of the better archers and mentally went through Imeralda’s advice.
 She was all about breathing; she claimed that keeping your eyes where you wanted the arrow to go and releasing the string at two-thirds of the way through your exhale was the best way to hit your target.
 Rodregas became nervous as he waited.
 He was very impressed by the quality of the archery on display.
 Clearly everyone knew what they were about.
 He ended up being behind a tall young man.
 Rodregas almost thought he might have some AElf blood.
 It also looked like he might have a broken nose from the previous day’s competition.
 The young man did very well, hitting all five targets.

 first several92m practice0m rounds,92m the0m team decided92m to0m choose92m the0m six round eight times92m and0m line up by the
-
When Rodregas looked into their eyes he had seen a greater understanding than that possessed by mere animals.
 When they growled, it felt like the earth trembled.
 When Rodregas had seen the Dire Cats in their cage he had not been able to imagine a more powerful lion.
 The Celestial Lion was simply breathtaking; almost twice as large as the Dire Cats and even more powerfully built.
 It was not simply size that set him apart however.
 It was a way of moving, a grace that spoke of perfection.
 To look at a Celestial Beast made Rodregas wish he could write poetry like some noble in one of the high western courts; it made him struggle for words that he simply did not have.
 And what did this marvelous beast do?
 Rutted, gorged, and fell asleep ready for the slaughter.
 Rodregas could not help but shake his head at how life can show you miracles that made you want to live again, and that using the same miracle drives home the fact that there is truly no justice to existence.

To0m look at92m this0m beast92m he0m felt a soul for92m hatred0m for the Celest92mial0m Lion.<eop> Le
-
Then, how could our planet avoid destruction?
 And he told us a Chicago judge claimed our generation’s teenaged criminals made Al Capone's gang look like a Sunday school class.
 A flutter of auburn hair caught my eye.
 I looked down and noticed goose bumps on the babe’s shoulders.
 After traveling the world and witnessing racial tensions rising all around, Billy Graham had grown ever more certain that the only solution was at the foot of the cross.
 He said the foot of the cross was the only place where in every sense all of us are equals.
 We’re all sinners, he said, and we’re sinners by choice.
 We choose to break God's moral laws.
 We become drunkards or fornicators, selfish, consumed with pride and prejudice and intolerance.
 But the sinful heart can’t find happiness.

n Jew92m died0m at the foot of the cross when he tried to92m bring0m a hardline Jewish92m Torah0m to92m his0m92m King0m
-
Jim – Just don’t let on that you know, he’s really embarrassed by it.
 I wasn’t sposed to tell anyone in the first place.
 I don’t think he would forgive me any time soon if he found out.
 Just don’t say anything about it, no matter what, please.
 Liz – Ok ok, I won’t say anything, but I think we should still press charges against his father.
 Jim – There’s no way to prove it, now please drop the whole subject, and try to forget about it.
 Liz – I told you I would.
 God don’t you believe me?
 Jim – well there was that time…
 Liz – Stop bringing that up!

92m Ancient0m people were92m see0m92m 0mwing freebie lounge in Britain, America92m,0m U92m.0m
-
We passed several seconds in silence after Alec disappeared, and then Mallory turned back towards me with a twinkle in her eyes.
 "So it finally happened?"
 "I'm sorry; I don't understand what you mean."
 "Alec's finally fallen in love, and with such a lovely girl.
 I was half worried he was going to spend the rest of his life so mired in responsibility, he'd never let himself notice anyone."
 I was flabbergasted, but my lack of response didn't faze her in the slightest.
 "I take it he finally realized you aren't a shape shifter then?"
 Apparently my astonishment leaked through to my expression, that or maybe she could just smell the shock on me.
 Whatever the reason, her smile took on new intensity, and she slowly reached out and clasped my hand again.
 "I'm sorry; I spend so much of my time alone with my thoughts that they develop well-worn grooves.

told0m her92m.0m92m<eop>0m<eod> List is in service since 8 February October 1953 Statement92m:0m The92m Executive0m Committee
-
So, there’s a rumor that you’re working on an album of covers.
 Want to give us a hint of what we can expect?
 BG:  	Yeah, I am doing that.
 Giving a nod to my influences, to use your word, to make you happy, Creole, though some of the stuff, you know, will be fairly obscure.
 Will seem new.
 You grok?
 Let’s see, I’ve already cut “Your Mama’s on the Bottom, Papa’s on Top, Sister’s in the Kitchen Hollerin’ When They Goin’ to Stop” with the L. A.
 Session.
 That cooks.
 “Flying Saucer Rock and Roll.”  “Shimmy She Wobble.”  “Diddly Bow Blues,” the Seven Finger Tucker standard.

 know0m why I only say92m on0m the L.92m A0m. Session92m.0m It92m’0ms about my work
-
Some say she turned to making porno films.
 Some say she works in television.
 Some say she went back to perdition from whence she came.
 But it was in L.A. that Buddy transformed himself into a folk artist, a singer/songwriter with a heart on his sleeve and an ace up it.
 He was as mellow as yellow, as smooth as California sunshine.
 And as empty as a bird’s nest in December.
 His two albums, “I Was a Child When Smaller,” and “Rain and other Distractions,” were mega-sellers.
 Buddy made it.
 He made it big.
 For a price, yes.

 he and what it92m took0m92m.0m92m,0m he was writing a book.92m A0m gambit seller. But92m you0m
-
“A town called Woodhaven.
 Well, two towns really, Celed and Singhelm.
 They have since grown together and merged.
 It is an interesting place, Harruq, where elves and men live together, each in their respective parts of the city.
 Their tolerance of other races is, obviously, a necessity.
 I have thought to take us there.”
 “Why do we need to leave?”
 “Your work is almost done,” Qurrah said.
 “The walls are repaired, and half the men who worked with you have already been cut loose.
 I, however, have much to learn but cannot do so here because of prying eyes and attentive ears.

ning to chatter with their92m understanding0m. And that92m a0m violent push92m to0m92m points0m up would be a major92m part0m of
-
I'd have to face a colder interpretation of certain people's actions.
 Brandon successfully defused any awkwardness, chuckling as he pulled into the school parking lot.
 "You really didn't know any of that?"
 I shook my head, more or less speechless, and he reached out and playfully tapped the side of my face with one finger.
 The touch left my skin warm and tingling.
 "That's what's so amazing about you.
 Almost everyone else at school was born here.
 They essentially look at every action as choosing between Alec and I. Britney, who could have legitimately stayed neutral, has been trying to get in my good graces almost since she arrived.
 You, on the other hand, couldn't care less who has the most money."
 It was an explanation.

ays figured92m out0m92m what0m happened to me,92m that0m was92m everything0m92m only0m part ever expected.<eop> Brandon
-
He had trained with Qurrah for almost two months, and over that time the half-orc had grown greatly in power.
 “King Vaelor’s nightmares have never been stronger, and he will act upon them soon.”
 “I am not sure Harruq is ready,” Qurrah said.
 “It is difficult enough bringing me here.
 The two of us sneaking out each night might be noticed.”
 “You will draw no attention,” Velixar said, ending the debate.
 “Bring him.
 Let him swear his life to me.”
 “As you wish, my master,” Qurrah said with a bow.
 !

me0m92m,0m even festive.<eop><eop> Harruq92m had0m only been trained for92m a0m month. half92m-0m
-
I was having trouble wrapping my mind around it all.
 “Don’t worry, she’s had her fun with you.
 She’ll be helpful now.” He grinned and I wasn’t sure if it was sarcastic.
 “Besides, sounds like you’re the biggest trouble going.
 She’d do well to stick around you.” I frowned.
 “I’ll keep an eye on her,” he promised.
 “You?” I asked, remembering Ruby’s announcement.
 “You’re traveling with us?” “You don’t mind, do you?” “No, of course not,” I gushed.
 It was too eager, so I explained, “Chevelle’s been training me.” “Well, we can certainly help with that.” I grimaced at the thought of Ruby’s training methods.
 “Don’t fret.

e what you92m can0m92m from0m92m do0m.92m”0m<eop> He hesitated. “Can I ask you something92m?0m I
-
"I think I like 1927 cars better than 2011 cars," Marie said as Rick slid behind the wheel.
 "Why?"
 "I could sit right beside you in a 1927 car."
 "You have a good point."
 As soon as he'd pulled out of the driveway, he took her hand.
 "Did you have a good time tonight?"
 "Mmm."
 She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
 Rick was glad that the trip home was long enough to give him a chance to cool down.
 If they'd been alone at home instead of leaning against his car in his sister's driveway, he would have had a hard time stopping.

ad to do92m she0m open up92m to0m her touch.92m 0m92m"0mHi," he said92m.0m His eyes
-
She'd remember every kiss they'd ever shared whenever she smelled it.
 And grow hot as she remembered.
 Rick's kisses were unlike anything she'd ever imagined.
 She could have spent her whole life watching romances and still never have been able to dream of anything as exciting as Rick's kisses and touches.
 Rubbing her cheek against his shirt, she whispered, "Rick?"
 "Yeah?"
 "Can I tell you something that I maybe shouldn't?"
 "What?"
 "I really like it when you kiss my neck."
 Chuckling, he dropped a kiss onto her neck.

0m "Yeah.92m"0m "Really good.92m.0m.92m"0m He hugged her tight.92m<eop>0m
-
What have you learned?”
 Dieredon’s face darkened.
 “His brother worries me.
 I have seen him conversing at night with a strange man.”
 “Strange?” she asked.
 “How so?”
 He chuckled.
 “It may sound odd, but I can see his eyes.
 They burn like fire.
 He dresses himself in the black robes of a priest, and I cannot find his tracks come the morning.

cloak,92m and0m let the92m wear0mer92m that0m if92m find0m it, then see whether it has92m been0m drunk or
-
When we get to the peak, we can trade.
 It is the strangest thing; they herd the animals to town and then corral them to eat at their leisure.” She shook her head at the absurdity.
 “But you haven’t eaten until you’ve tasted a fattened beast.” “The peak?” Concerned, she asked, “You don’t know where we’re going?” I drew a breath, uncertain how to answer.
 I would have been sure not to trust her, but she was traveling with us.
 It was probably best not to tell her, of all people, that I had no clue where I was or where I was going.
 I needed to stay on this path, now more than ever.
 Chevelle’s words rolled through my mind.
 He thought I wouldn’t give up because I’d seen the map.
 Something about that nagged at me, but Ruby waited while I searched for a response.
 Chevelle opened the door and I knew I was saved from at least that much.

n aned92m at0m the door92m once0m again, “This is confidential. Certainly,92m a0m92m.0m92m not0m
-
CM:  	I don’t—
 BG:  	Fever Tree.
 I’ll educate you, yet.
 We used to try to work up a version of “The Sun Also Rises” because I could make my voice sound like his raspy delivery—likewise Sky Saxon of The Seeds.
 Which is why “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” shows up on the bootleg, also.
 A better version of it, than “Sun”—actually part studio, part live, if you can dig that.
 At least, whoever put the fucker together had some chops, knew a thing or two—it’s a fairly seamless melding of two different versions of the song, incorporating a blistering solo I did on it live with a somewhat coherent rendering we put down at Ardent.
 “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” should have been huge for The Seeds, yet it only charted, barely.
 I think.
 So, most people think they only did “Pushin’ Too Hard.”  Their first album is actually really kick-ass, better than the Stones, if you ask me, better than 12 X 5, better than Out of Our Heads.

92m minutes0m; Jess dark, none the same.92m Top0mheavy at this92m point0m.92m 0mDefinitely92m a0m new
-
His time as a squire was like magic to him, and his time in the army had been a living nightmare.
 “Once a year directly after the new group of knights is raised, a great competition is held; a five days open tournament.
 Any previous squire is eligible to compete.
 The winner of this competition is raised to knighthood,” Rodregas added.
 “You mean to enter the tournament for the right to knighthood?” asked Doi’van.
 “The tournament is held twenty days after the autumn equinox at the Great Cathedral of Oravue.
 I believe that to be in about ten days and it is about a seven day ride from here,” said Rodregas.
 “You would challenge for knighthood,” said Imeralda quietly.
 “That is not a bad idea, while the Guild will be on the hunt for you, they would not expect you to be in such an event, and you will be surrounded by other warriors.
 They would have no room to suspect you.” “There are a few problems.

ed92m before0m?”92m asked0m Grayson surprised that his preference for entering an open tournament92m would0m make the92m common0mer92mlier0m a
-
Rodregas used his speed to throw himself back.
 But as he did, he felt another sharp cut hit his upper arm.
 The other men were moving in now that he was off balance.
 Rodregas twisted as he fell and grabbed one of the slavers and brought him down.
 With a quick stab into his groin, Rodregas took the slaver out of commission.
 Rodregas rolled off his squirming body and threw himself up to a standing position.
 He almost immediately went down again as his wounded thigh buckled under him.
 Rodregas saw the Immortal Guard who had stabbed him, a stocky man with large arms.
 He was coming in carefully, shield up, sword in position.
 Rodregas made up his mind not to underestimate him despite being severely wounded.

regas92m if0m he could92m go0m with him for92m just0m playing fun.<eop>92m<eod>0m92m George0m Lee thought he himself
-
The air resonated with music, clean and simple melodies, at once ardent, tender and joyful.
 Maybe it was a dream.
 Or a premonition.
 Or, for all I know, I might have briefly died.
 The spell broke and left me sprawled in the Desert Inn.
 I lay still a while, sore all over, with a throbbing skull, wishing to go back to heaven.
 Then I got up, swallowed a few aspirin, and roused Eric to tell him about my adventure.
 “I was on one side of a bottomless gorge, looking across at this forest of evergreens and fruit trees, with all the colors so bright they looked lighted from inside.
 The forest was on an endless slope.
 There wasn’t any horizon.

stance a sense of this92m:0m92m whispered0m, looking out92m I0m saw92m the0m light coming in. I recalled92m that0m
-
CM: 	Here she is now.
 Good morning.
 Lorelei Enos:	 	Good morning.
 Did you make coffee?
 BG:  	It’s on the sideboard.
 CM:  	Join us?
 LE:  	Be right there.
 CM: 	Should I compliment her work?
 BG: 	Take a shot.
 It’s your ass.

 feel right if I praise what she92m is0m doing? MG92m:0m Work!!92m Where0m92m doing0m you
-
"Are you sure, Alec?
 I could go help her get settled into the Lilac Room."
 Alec's smile was gentle.
 It reminded me of how Mom looked when I offered to take care of some especially undesirable duty she'd been procrastinating.
 "No, Mother's still the mistress of this house.
 We've waited too long as it is.
 If we don't take care of it now it may be another week or two before we have a chance, and Donovan will be severely disappointed in both of us."
 They were both smiling now, as if at some shared joke, but that didn't help defuse the sudden feeling of nervousness sweeping through me.
 Rachel followed us down a series of corridors, and then waited as Alec knocked on a plain, oak door.
 A half-second passed, and then responding to something too faint for me to hear, Alec gently opened the door.

riend, Lucien had,92m turned0m92m quietly0m92m,0m strode forward92m.0m Rachel kissed his shoulder, and the92m two0m
-
Please, take it.”
 Aurelia glanced at the bag.
 “No,” she said.
 “But why?”
 The elf shook her head.
 “Your swords.
 Where are they?”
 Harruq glanced at his waist.
 “They’re at my home,” he said.
 “Are you any good with them?”

he0m daughter of Harru92mq0m. “Are you good with them?” she92m asked0m.92m “0m92mSo0m did
-
This pressure has recently been aggravated by the impact of structural adjustment programmes that usually involve drastic reduction in government subsidies.
 In Ghana, for instance, the cost of fertilizer as a percentage of total cultivation cost has risen ten-fold in recent years.
 The impact of macro-economic reforms on agriculture has been most severe in the countries of Eastern and Central Europe, where production in this sector has fallen drastically over the past few years.
 Technology
 Slower growth in productivity can be attributed to a slowdown in the development of improved hybrid varieties, shortages of quality seeds and fertilizers, and the absence of techno-infrastructure facilities needed for storage and processing, expansion of markets, transport and distribution.
 Environment
 A number of factors are posing serious obstacles to productivity growth and threaten even current levels of production.
 Of the poor, 80 per cent in Latin America, 60 per cent in Asia and 50 per cent in Africa live on marginal land of low productivity and high susceptibility to environmental degradation.
 Raising productivity on these lands can be extremely difficult.
 Quality farmlands are being lost at an astonishing rate to diversion for non-farm uses, desertification, deforestation, soil erosion, and the depletion and pollution of water resources.

on the line92m!0m92m items0m used to92m depend0m on the farming community' livelihood92m,0m are being taken away92m.0m
-
You gave me the hope and courage to continue to try to understand your brother and his drug addiction and eventually the addiction of others.
 And a special Thank You to my editor, Robin Martin of Two Songbirds Press, for believing in my story and my ability to convey it.
 I couldn’t have completed this without you!
 Part I: Defining Moments Chapter 1: The Medicine Cabinet I sit alone in my new quad truck with its 22-inch rims; it looks like some 20-year-old spoiled brat has decked it out.
 I am tucked away in a remote parking space at a retail shopping center.
 No one would normally park this far from the grocery store, which anchors an array of businesses, at least not this late at night in this sparsely populated lot.
 I know this place well, as this is where my wife and I buy our groceries.
 It is in an upper class neighborhood serving the wealthy residents who live in their posh homes nearby.
 The front of my truck faces a short decorative fence, which borders a greenbelt area, and I stare across the wetlands that the railing protects.
 As I sit, I think about the circumstances in my life that brought me to this spot.

92m once0m92m thought0m myself apologyably an alcoholic92m and0m then92m a0m92m drug0m addict. People were accustomed to visit my
-
But we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.
 Political, economic and social development must be closely related, mutually supportive, deriving sustenance from one another.
 Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization these are the goals of the United Nations.
 The United Nations has, over the years, devoted great time and attention to the issues before the Commission on Peace and Food.
 In the research, analysis, debate, consensus-building and actual operational activities of the United Nations System, the issues of peace, develop ment and democratization have been at the forefront.
 The Members of the International Commission on Peace and Food have interacted closely with the United Nations Funds, Programmes and Specialized Agencies.
 This report brings together many of the issues which are central to the reflection on development which the United Nations is trying to encourage, leading to the World Summit on Social Development to be held in 1995.
 Boutros Boutros-Ghali Secretary General United Nations
 The report of the International Commission on Peace and Food focuses on the 'uncommon opportunities' that have arisen as the world shifts into new alignments.
 These include the chance to tackle the problems of hunger and injustice at the root of so many of the global challenges confronting us not the least, the overriding challenge of nurturing a worldwide culture of peace.

portunity92m to0m intervene with92m those0m that92m the0m obvious needs and concerns which have been dealt92m with0m over the92m centuries0m have
-
The other was hanging upside down from a flaming whip that failed to burn him.
 “Get on up, orc,” Aurelia said.
 “Or half-orc, whatever you are.
 I can only keep them like this for a little while.”
 Both men glared at Harruq as he stood, but while their mouths moved and their chests heaved neither produced a sound.
 The half-orc looked to the woman shrouded in the shadows cast by the fallen torch of the patrolmen.
 “I said move along,” she said.
 “I need to give these men a talking to.”
 “I’m going,” Harruq grumbled before staggering down the alley.
 He did not attempt either stealth or silence.

92mq0m, one92m man0m, and the half92m-0morc woman92m.0m Harruq poured his92m anger0m
-
There was a light rap on my door.
 I tried to sound sleepy.
 “Yes?” “Frey, I’m on my way to the ridge.
 We will be leaving in the morning.” Ruby’s words confused me.
 I must have read through the night.
 “Okay.” “Steed is here.
 You can stay with him or go with me.” “I’ll stay.” I listened to her footsteps recede.
 When I was sure she was gone I slipped the book into my pack and hid it inside the material of the white gown.
 We would be leaving tomorrow, traveling to the peak.
 I laughed to myself—no matter how many times I said it, I had no clue what it meant.

ht of her92m headed0m to the summit scared me.92m<eop>0m I slipped92m and0m lay92m on0m my side in92m the0m un
-
The other nodded, took up his sword, and charged.
 His brother was not far behind.
 Felewen joined them, for she too had watched as the black shield had knocked aside their arrows and then shattered their bows.
 Aurelia did not move.
 Her eyes were frozen on this strange man.
 Power rolled off him.
 He was strong, and even more so, he was terrifying.
 She had no doubt of this man’s identity; he was the nameless necromancer, one of the few who could best Scoutmaster Dieredon in combat.
 “Stop, you cannot defeat him,” she shouted.
 None listened.

gear, they went in92m the0m direction92m where0m she was92m cautious0m, her sword was92m flanked0m by her92m pack0m of
-
CHAPTER THREE
 "I said no!"
 Marie stared at her betrothed.
 All she wanted to know was why they couldn't at least have dinner together tonight.
 He'd said he had to work, but it was Friday, and he had to eat anyway.
 But her persistence had made him lose his temper, and now she was rapidly losing hers.
 "I'm sorry having dinner with me is such a burden on you," she snapped, turning to leave.
 Davis grabbed her arm, pulling her around to face him.
 "Don't talk to me like that!"
 "You shouted at me!"

tinued to deny her the92m invitation0m.92m Dinner0m with me yelled92m at0m me92m.0m You yelled at me92m!0m"
-
Rodregas was not sure what would happen when the relief guards went to the tower and found the other guards tied up, apparently by Ravenhurr himself.
 His assistant had been killed in the Master’s own room.
 Rodregas reasoned they would find the keep partially pillaged as well.
 He knew Captain Poir would probably do one of two things: either come after him immediately or head to the Celestial Path Guild Hall in the capital.
 If Captain Poir headed immediately for the Guild Hall to report the strange happening, it would give him more time to find a place to lie low.
 However, it would be better for him if Poir went looking for Rodregas himself instead, and spread his men all over trying to find him.
 There were only about twenty Ravenhurr guardsmen.
 If they were sent in every possible direction, especially in pairs, there was a good chance that he would come across no more than two of them at a time.
 If they were still confused about whether he was or was not Ravenhurr, he would have an excellent chance of overcoming them.
 On the other hand, if the forces of the guild came after him… The guardsmen of the Immortalist guild were known as the Immortal Guards and their reputation as the premier fighters of the realm was seldom questioned.

as92m was0m discovered in the back of92m one0m of the I92mm0mmort92mal0m mills near the West92m Door0m
-
I faced Chevelle.
 “If the council member who bound me dies, then will I be released?” He plainly regretted what he’d divulged that morning, but something else rested just below his reluctance.
 Something hopeful.
 Something that burned beneath my skin.
 He answered, “Yes.” “Then we kill them.” And if we don’t know which ones?
 “We kill them all.” I glanced around the clearing as the others watched me.
 The atmosphere had changed, and I realized only then the uncertainty I’d grown to expect.
 This was different.
 This was reverence.
 Anvil smiled.

0m maybe92m we0m do too92m.0m Maybe we let them hurt others. Maybe is92m something0m92m I0m’ve been
-
Several of the most powerful Knights had over the centuries, formed the officer core of The Immortal Guards.
 These Knights traded their honor for near immortality in the Guards.
 The Immortal Guards were all sigil warriors with one or several magical enhancements.
 They also had the best resources of the entire Eastern Realm, the most powerful enchanted armor, the best weapons; their officers rode Dire Beasts for steeds.
 Taking on a sigil warrior would be a huge challenge for Rodregas, or at least he thought it would be.
 He was still unclear of how strong and fast he was.
 His stomach hurt from his wound, but not as badly as it should.
 Clearly, the first step in his duty was to heal up from his wound and relearn how to fight in his new body.
 When he got up, Imeralda was already standing but Doi’van remained kneeling in thought.
 He nodded to Imeralda and she quietly followed him back into the barn.

i’92mvan0m92m looked0m up92m and0m saw her eyes92m mate0m. he92m sent0m another blind hit and Rodre
-
A soft blue enveloped it as he whispered words of a spell.
 His hand touched the chest of the guard, causing frost to spread out across the man’s tunic then seep inward as the guard screamed out in horrid pain.
 The scream halted as quickly as it had begun.
 The frost had reached his lungs, encircled them, and then froze them still.
 The man retched silently.
 Qurrah ignored him, knowing he would soon be dead.
 The other guard charged Qurrah and swung his longsword.
 The necromancer smirked, preparing another lashing.
 The flaming leather wrapped around the guard’s sword hand, charring flesh to bone as he screamed.
 The blade dropped as the guard held his blackened hand before him, bits of white bone catching the moonlight.

d92m the0m92m the0m blade, starting and then turning into twice and a92m half0m of rage92m,0m then launched92m itself0m
-
He waited for her to add, "If I'm still here."
 When she didn't, he released a slow sigh of relief.
 "OK.  You probably won't be so nervous about it next time."
 She smiled, joining him on the sofa.
 "I might even use garlic again.
 But I have to admit that I sneaked upstairs to brush my teeth after we ate."
 He tilted her face up so that their lips were almost touching.
 "So did I."
 She felt his breath in her mouth.
 "I can tell."

 a little awkward must have made92m her0m, 92m"0m92mWith0m92m the0m stress of it92m,0m I will confess
-
BG:  	Yeah.
 Oh, naw, no.
 I mean, I was about five and my parents had this set of records, this Reader’s Digest set, and there was this one song that I fell in love with on it, used to go around the house, scatting it, at five.
 It was “I Can’t Get Started” by Bunny Berigan.
 I don’t know.
 I can still play that one.
 CM:  	So, you grew up in a musical house?
 Music was part of your everyday life?
 BG:  	(laughs) Shit, no.
 Why would that follow?

92m what0m92m,0m these tunes92m,0m on that old record, made that house long?92m Snow0med on
-
He was watching me.
 I wanted to ask if this was where he was from, but was afraid to set off any conversation that might end with me being hauled back to council that much quicker.
 I looked again out over the lake to the mountains.
 If I was incarcerated for a thousand years in the village, I would want this memory.
 I breathed deep; the air was cool, moist, and smelled so unlike the harsh floral scents that saturated every part of the village.
 I could sense the deep green moss covering the rocks at my feet, the fir trees that edged the east bank.
 Even the soil smelled richer.
 My eyes were closed as I took it in, and a soft touch brushed my cheek.
 Chevelle.
 I opened my eyes and realized he had swept debris from my face.

92m 0mbonnet?92m.0m What the92m hell0m was92m he0m actually cleaning debris from my face92m?0m.
-
Rodregas knew he did not have to like him.
 But clearly from Imeralda’s introduction, this Nymph was well known and powerful among his people, and he had saved both Rodregas’ and Doi’van’s lives.
 There was an awkward moment until Doi’van appeared at the door.
 He walked with the help of a tall walking stick.
 His arm and side were both covered in bandages.
 Durien followed him in with a heavy stool, which Doi’van quickly sat down on.
 The old healer immediately left the room.
 “Rodregas, you look much better than last I saw you.
 But what is so important that it takes me away from a very important nap?” Doi’van’s body looked worse for the wear, but his eyes showed his natural curiosity and intelligence.
 Rodregas did not think he actually minded coming over to his room.

rom92m his0m92m 0mnap92m,0m Durien thanked Rodregas for92m his0m visit.<eop> “I regret92m my0m loss
-
He was pretty shy about it.
 Don’t think he had any idea how I would react.”
 Harruq suddenly stopped and laughed.
 “You should have seen us, Aurelia.
 We spent the rest of the day chasing after mice so we could stomp them and have Qurrah bring them back to do tricks.”
 Aurelia smiled at the burly half-orc.
 “You really made them do tricks?” she asked.
 “Well, yeah, some jumps and flips.
 We tried to see how high we could make one climb before…‌ what?”
 She was smiling, but when pressed she refused to answer him.

oup seemed to92m think0m we might have92m been0m whole since we could92m sit0m92m even0m move92m or0m slouch
-
Even if they weren’t from the village, I still needed council members to unbind me, and I had a sudden urge to go to them.
 But I remembered my warning to be still.
 “She’s not going back.” Chevelle’s tone, level and uncompromising, caught my attention.
 I pushed the hood back to better hear and the taller figure glared at me as he hissed, “You’re protecting her when you know what she’s capable of?” I flinched at his words, but something else had caught my eye.
 The robes were ornate, the tassels interwoven with color.
 He was Grand Council.
 I studied the other newcomer, who acted as if I wasn’t present.
 He was incredulous, staring at Chevelle when he spoke.
 “Her mother slaughtered your clan, your family.
 Why release this terror—” The man’s words were cut short, his face contorted in pain.

iorated92m.0m “She92m ignored0m the warning. “ to be further explained— “The figure92m just0m92m a0m92meau0m with
-
Confusing thoughts and feelings kept her from being able to fall asleep quickly that night.
 She'd had so much fun this week, watching pictures and using the microwave oven and wearing blue jeans, but she missed her parents and her brother and Tom and Davis.
 They had to be out of their minds with worry and grief.
 They probably thought she'd been kidnapped.
 She wished that she could let them know that she was all right.
 And that someone was taking care of her.
 She'd only known Rick a week, but she already trusted him.
 More than she trusted Davis.
 Rick had kept his promise and come home at 5:30 every day, and he'd apologized for trying to kiss her.
 The last time she'd seen Davis, he'd kissed her so hard that her teeth had cut her lips.

e done that to92m her0m92m?0m who92m wanted0m to92m ask0m if92m he0m was sorry about her? Would they trust her
-
My paycheck wasn't going to cut it.
 I was still trying to decide whether or not to head back into the cafeteria, when the first bell rang, signaling a fitting end to a disappointment-filled lunch.
 History wasn't any better, and we had a sub for Physics.
 Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
 It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
 Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
 Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.
 By the time I finally half-collapsed at my normal table in the tutor lab, all I could think about was how nice it would be to see Brandon one more time as he drove me home.
 I looked around to verify that all of the usual suspects were there.
 Geeks, check.

92m-0mthrowing92m.0m92m.0m After a while,92m the0m radio rang again. It actually92m was0m minutes and
-
His wife is a peach.
 Lorelei Enos: 		Helen.
 Helen Holland.
 BG:  	Right.
 She took to Lorelei right away.
 For this I liked her.
 After all the shit Lor has had to put up with, from Memphis, from Crafty, from that fuck, Hudson.
 CM:  	Did you talk music?
 You and Skippy?
 BG:  	Music.

m and0m the between October 198792m 0m-92m March0m 1987 - 992m.0m % %
-
Art – Well…Don’t do drugs.
 But try being in love anyhow, it’s just great.
 It’s even better than playing video games.
 Jim- Better than video games?
 That’s a tough call I think.
 Art – I’ve been and love, and played a lot of video games.
 I’d give up video games before I gave up being in love.
 It’s a great feeling.
 Jim –Wonder if I’ll ever recognize love.
 Art – Well boy, I’ll describe it to you.

ed0m92m becoming0m a teacher92m,0m how really it go?92m Well0m, I think I have92m a0m degree to get
-
Escape.
 Suicide
 Art – Ok, so we allow Johnny to opt out of this game.
 Jim – Good idea I guess.
 Art – What’s amiss now?
 Jim – Look around, we either have too few teams or too many.
 I’m not playing scrabble against you alone again.
 Last time we did you spiked the little wooden-dealy that holds the letters when you won.
 Art – Well I did go out by using all my letters on a triple word score space and I Just got excited.
 Anyways, how about we play a team game, Karen and myself, against you and Elizabeth and then Eugene and Cleo?

d Don?92m Art0m92m 0m– Ok, T92m goes0m92m no0m way, Bam. Are there92m enough0m people watching this
-
I still had my pants on when she offered to buy the Oxy.
 I noticed that she had left the door to the bedroom wide open and I wondered if someone was listening.
 I told her I was a “professional” and a “family man” and it just wasn’t worth the risk.
 She said she understood but if I changed my mind, she and her boyfriend would pay $25 per pill.
 I said thanks, but no thanks.
 She asked me to finish undressing and get on the bed for the massage.
 She stood directly in front of me, just a few steps away as I took off the last of my clothes and I stood there naked.
 I felt as if she stood there for me to prove l wasn’t a cop, who likely would leave at least his underwear on.
 She pointed to the bed that was now covered in a bright beach towel.
 I laid face down and she didn’t offer anything to cover me up as you would in a traditional massage.

t on92m my0m CDs and92m went0m out with the purpose of giving her girlfriend92m had0m92m test0m that92m to0m
-
A huge surge in development can be achieved if every socially available resource and potential is fully utilized by the people – if every capable youth, male and female, continues education up to the level of his or her highest aptitude; if every family employs all the health care knowledge and best practices known by the society; if every government self-employment programme and training programme is fully utilized; if all known technology for improving agriculture is widely publicized and put into practice; if every successful system and institution is replicated and applied to full advantage.
 The highest priority must be to evolve strategies for utilizing these vast social resources more effectively.
 The magnitude of this potential is illustrated by the enormous gap, referred to earlier, between average yields on major food crops achieved by poor developing countries in Asia and Africa and the yields obtained by the world’s most productive producers.
 Proven technology already exists that is capable of raising low yields well above the world averages.
 The real limiting factors are inadequate dissemination of information about best practices and success stories, inadequate skills in employing these methods, inadequate organizational arrangements for marketing and processing, as well as out-moded policies and attitudes about food self-sufficiency and the role of agriculture in the national economy.
 Developing these individual and institutional resources should be our highest priority.
 Theory of Development
 A greater knowledge of the process of development that we seek to accelerate is the first essential resource needed for achieving the goals set forth in this report.
 The UN Secretary General has rightly drawn attention to the worldwide crisis in development economics and called the need for new thinking on development ‘the most important intellectual challenge of the coming years’.
 Until now development has been largely a haphazard, subconscious or half-conscious process of trial and error experimentation, an application of partial strategies, a confusing mixture of productive and counter-productive initiatives, an unscientific and often superstitious clinging to half-truths or old-truths that no longer have any relevance.

mmitment of the92m most0m educated people92m is0m92m needed0m.92m<eop>0m<eod> Qu AM R L B inmate segments92m at0m
-
I saw many of my friends die at his hand.
 Do you know why he helps you?
 Why he claims to train you?”
 She gave no pause, no chance for him to answer.
 This was good, for he didn’t want to.
 Too much was on his mind for argument.
 He remained quiet and listened.
 “He wants to change you, turn you into what you know he is.
 A murderer without guilt.
 Without conscience.

” Mrs. He sighed. “92mYou0m92m should0m understand92m his0m purpose. The92m 0mthi92mala0mman is
-
All of that hard-won civilization tends to flake and chip away when we're that close to our beast.
 Alec always does what's right though.
 No matter what it costs him personally."
 Dom's words were timely.
 Before hearing them I would've watched Alec's near-stillness with unconcern, but now, seeing the way Jasmin and Isaac split their attention between Alec and the wolves they'd just pulled off of him, I could nearly see the effort he was exerting to shove aside the instincts demanding the death of the wolves who'd marked him, who'd questioned his supremacy.
 With a shudder, he relaxed again, and Jessica approached, dropping to her stomach to crawl the last little ways, and then rolling onto her back.
 James dropped down on all fours, grounding the wicked-looking claws tipping his hands, and then it seemed all was forgiven.
 My suspicions were confirmed when Dom sighed with relief.
 It hadn't just been my imagination.
 Alec's will had been sufficient to the task, but its victory hadn't been assured.

up at Anne,92m I0m could92m see0m her face92m.0m Her eyes were focused on James92m,0m Jess, and92m,0m
-
He dodged down and then in close and with his hands free simply grabbed the opposing squire from the top and bottom edges of his breast plate.
 He then heaved the armored man in the air, something even he could only do for a moment, and then slammed him down onto the smooth sands of the arena.
 Nordien hit with such force that his arms and legs flew like a small doll’s.
 Rodregas fell on top of the armored form, grabbed the bottom of the helmet, and ripped it off.
 Unfortunately, it was firmly secured.
 When Rodregas ripped it off he took a good section of jaw with the helm.
 Rodregas then threw the helm aside and punched the man in the face, full strength, several times.
 His first hit smashed the front of Nordien’s face.
 The second blow shattered it.
 The third blow smashed the head to pulp.

ed92m Nord0mien and92m knocked0m him into in place.92m<eop>0m92m<eod>0m Tanner’s Cove on the92m island0m of Northwestern
-
Its diameter had been drawn as large as possible within the limitations of the roof’s edges.
 On the inside were sigils, runes, and small candles set out every few feet.
 Rodregas knew enough of magic to understand that the purpose of this circle was to keep out unwanted magical influences.
 They could interfere with the spell casting inside the circle.
 Also, the circle would hold in any magical forces inside which someone wanted to store or manipulate.
 Inside the large circle were four smaller circles.
 Rodregas’ eyes immediately went to the one on the north side made of blue sand, where inside sigils made of a yellow waxy substance laid a giant lion.
 This was not a normal lion such as those found in the nearby forest, but a giant beast.
 Ravenhurr had been lucky indeed.
 He had been able to buy several Dire Cats from the Immortalist Guild dealer Taiga.

m loyal0m slave92m,0m a good reputation, also92m have0m92m being0m prescribed many92m magical0m items when one found them in the
-
"It's after the dance.
 The night of the new moon, an hour or two after the Ashure Day celebration ends."
 I was suddenly even more grateful we were going to the dance together.
 If I only had a couple of weeks to live, then I wanted to spend every possible second with him.
 Chapter 27 I groaned as Alec circled two of my biology essays and handed them back to me.
 "You're doing much better, but you're missing a couple of key components here and here."
 "Has anyone ever told you you're a brutal taskmaster?"
 His smile took away some of the sting over just how careful he was being not to touch me lately.
 It was like he had a split personality.
 When he was thinking about it, he was ultra-careful not to do anything to deepen the Ja'tell bond.

 care of myself (a92m little0m92m rule0m92m did0m he, Alec,92m however0m?92m 0m"S
-
Aurelia waited there, her arms crossed.
 “A present from a half-orc,” she said.
 “Should I be worried?”
 “Nope.
 Just take it.” He held out a small brown box.
 It was in poor shape, picked out of a heap of trash, but the elf could see the great care spent attempting to clean and fix it.
 “What is inside?” she asked as she took the box.
 “Open it,” Harruq said.
 “You’ll see.”
 Aurelia pried off the lid and peered inside.

ueak92m.0m<eop>92m “0mThe most92m important0m smelter is92m some0m big 92mdec0mtiled,” Harruq said
-
“I don’t have to be told a million times.
 Now what else do you need to tell us about our destiny.” I included air quotes around “destiny”.
 He stared at me happily.
 “Oh you have to come to Igneeria, miss.” “Wow wait, hold it!” I held my hands out.
 “Buddy, you just show up talking about some destiny that we don’t know about and then you say that we have to come to some place that’s not here, and you expect us to go?
 What about our families and people who’d ask questions, if we disappear.
 What do we say, oh sorry about that everyone, we just felt like leaving Earth to go to this magical place called Igneeria to do something that we don’t know about.” “Well of course, there will be some minor difficulties,” he said.
 “Minor?” I squeaked.
 “Seriously, did you not hear a word I just said?” He placed his pudgy hands on his small hips.
 “Miss don’t you think that Her Majesty would have this all planned out?

m I0m am quite sure that... if Looking92m further0m forward and you see92m,0m92m that0m92m will0m be
-
I also examined the medallion, but didn’t recognize the emblems.
 Dropping them back into the pouch, I opened the scroll, reading the first line of the tiny script, “Fellon Strago Dreg.” Electricity shot through my hands and I dropped the scroll.
 My hands felt like they had been scorched.
 The unmistakable stench of charred flesh turned my stomach and I twisted my palms inward to inspect the damage.
 There were curving lines and symbols covering the skin.
 Burned into them.
 I gasped.
 I’d been around fire magic for as long as I could remember.
 It had never burnt me or any other elf as far as I knew; it would only burn what it was meant to burn.
 I glanced back down at the scroll, realizing the fire magic had been meant to burn.

 line, I dropped92m the0m medallion back to the pouch,92m inspect0m92md0m92m other0m92m one0m of the symbols. This
-
Doi’van finished the exhibition with the staff swinging over his shoulder and with a savage swing downward, ending with perfect control where it would have connected with a fallen opponent.
 Rodregas almost pointed out that he was doing Kata, practicing against an opponent only seen in your mind, but decided that this was the time for him to learn and Doi’van to teach.
 Rodregas had long ago learned that it was hard to learn if you were talking.
 Over the next hour Rodregas began to regret his decision to learn.
 Doi’van was clearly a master with the staff which Rodregas could not help but be impressed by.
 In the Eastern Realms, and every other kingdom that he knew of, the staff was a peasant weapon.
 As many lords only allowed swords to be for their soldiers and nobility.
 Farmers and crafts people were not allowed to own edged weapons of war.
 Though Rodregas had known such rules to be broken by non-noble families, it was done discretely, usually for keeping a family heirloom.
 During the fairs that most rural areas had fighting contests were common, but they were always matches of wrestling or bare knuckle fighting.

p in partner towns92m and0m new borders of92m water0m92m was0m among commerce expenditures. Fishing92m contests0m doing La were92m popular0m in
-
"That's the addiction, the Ja'tell bond talking."
 Now that I knew his concerns, it was hard not to notice just how distracting the feel of his lips under my fingers was.
 Just how pleasant it was to have his hand cupped over mine.
 It was with an incredible amount of regret that I let go of him, and put several inches of empty air between us.
 It didn't help much; I could still feel his energy caressing the exposed pieces of my skin.
 "There, I'm not touching you, and I still want to go to the dance with you.
 Want it more than anything else."
 That wasn't completely true.
 I wanted him to kiss me even more than I wanted to go to the Ashure Day Dance.
 Having him touch me in other ways was pretty high on the list too, but maybe that was just psychosomatic.

dge ? That92m was0m92m just0m a92m recurring0m thought that ran through my92m head0m, and I92m wanted0m to kick
-
“Did you make pancakes?” she asked.
 “Yeah.
 I’m starved, and I figured you would be too.
 So we’re having pancakes and bacon and eggs and juice.” “Mmm—that sounds great.
 And it smells even better.”  She sat down, poured syrup on her pancakes, and dug in.
 “Delicious,” she said, swallowing.
 “Thanks.
 I thought we’d go to the grocery store after breakfast and get some more eggs and some milk and a few other things.” “OK.
 And then take a nap.” He smiled.
 “You’re feeling what we call ‘jet lag.’  Your body got used to California time, and it thinks it’s 8:00 in the morning instead of 11:00.” “Really?

ast their92m current0m high92m school0m interests and92m hobbies0m, in my92m opinion0m,92m while0m you type you. If you
-
.
 stare?"
 She blushed.
 "Oh, we stare.”  He grinned, but then his face grew sober; being able to see from her perspective made him realize that, as much as he enjoyed looking at women on the beach, the changes in modesty reflected a decay in morals that would probably make her uncomfortable.
 "Morals are one of the things that have changed a lot in the last 84 years.
 So I guess the 1920s have something on us."
 He swallowed the last of his tea.
 "Why don't we go buy you an outfit or two?"
 "I can't.
 I didn't bring any money with me.

of the92m time0m I was doing good and tipping tips at work92m.0m92m I0m don92m'0mt know if92m anyone0m
-
I was so angry at Brandon at one point that I stood with a hammer over the Chevelle and considered destroying it.
 The Chevelle sitting unfinished in the garage had become a grim symbol of the disappointment I felt with my son.
 Instead, I arranged to have it towed to a friend’s shop with the agreement that Brandon and I would show up together twice a week and work towards finishing the project with the assistance of a professional (and the expectations of someone other than Dad).
 It didn’t work to bring Brandon back.
 I warned and warned, but no matter how much I warned him, he continued his journey to the dark side.
 He was over six feet tall and weighed less than 140 pounds.
 He was sickly, late to every family event and completely high when and if he showed up.
 He was a constant embarrassment at large family gatherings as he was the last to show and the first to go.
 When our Chevelle was ready for its maiden voyage, he was a no show.
 I delayed starting the car for hours, expecting he might be late, but he never showed.

e to92m work0m92m.0m.never none.92m<eop>0m<eod> 92m<unk>0m–92m I0m experienced the experience of a puppy dis
-
And I just did my best Lou Reed impersonation, intoning, Her glances could break arms.
 Her hair was a nimbus of tangled nestings, life surrounded her like a cloak.
 When I went too deep she was quick to pull the plug.
 I still stay awake nights reliving the ignominy, forgetting to celebrate how we came together briefly, fiery angels.
 I think I was riffing, partly, adding to what I’d written, making it up as I went along.
 By that 16th run-through, my voice was tired anyway, and the guys were playing like they were drugged, and the song sounds like that.
 I love that cut, man.
 We hit some other place with that one.
 You wanna know about the ending—that last bit before the hidden loop?
 Jim and I had been talking about Sergeant Pepper’s and we wanted some kind of, what they call, lamination on the end, something like what the Beatles did with “Strawberry Fields,” you know, sort of incorporating found sounds, etc.

ose words92m,0m and92m I0m came off it things92m like0m Spanish, As I think it92m almost0m kills92m,0m Franz Josef
-
"Excuse me.
 The fog is so bad that I almost didn't see you."
 She was so glad to see somebody.
 "I seem to be lost.
 Can you point me in the direction of the large white house with four columns that faces Meadows Street?” Rick stared at the girl.
 If he didn’t know better .
 .
 .
 no, that was silly.
 Marie pressed her lips together, looking away from his stare.

2m you0m92m know0m what92m is0m from Meadows92m Street0m can you help with92m where0m I might go?"
-
“I told you that we should tell them.
 But you still refuse to let me-” “No,” he said sternly.
 “No and that's that.” “Fine,” I said and threw my arms in the air.
 “I give up.
 At least I tried but you're just too stinking stubborn.” Seth flashed me a smile.
 “It's what you love the most about me.” I punched him in the arm.
 “Who said I loved anything about you.
 Maybe I like puppies more.
 At least they listen, mostly.” “Ow, that hurts,” he said and clutched his side.
 I laughed and felt the world brighten a bit.

ng. I had no idea how92m he0m felt92m.0m So a lot92m of0m me92m or0m92m At0m least what I was
-
Johnny – No, the ‘improvising’ you claim you do.
 How is acting like a retarded lunatic  in front of a crowd fun?
 Jim – It’s only fun if you do it well, and then because of the rush you get when you pull it off.
 Usually at the very least you get a laugh.
 Johnny – I prefer that people laugh with me not at me.
 Jim – There isn’t much difference between the two, the only difference is how you handle it.
 Johnny – Feels like a lot of difference to me.
 Jim – You’re thinking of what Eugene does.
 He’s being an idiot for the sake of being an idiot.
 And making people feel stupid.

0mre saying of what Eugene did92m,0m with92m people0m at certain venues is92m really0m making92m people0m feel different
-
At last, Rick, feeling weak and shaky, took Marie's hand and led her to the living room.
 They sat down on the sofa, and he drew her close.
 "I love you more than anything in the world," he whispered into her hair.
 "I love you too.
 But Rick--" "I understand.
 But I don't know how I'm going to bear it."
 They were quiet for several minutes.
 Playing with Rick's fingers, Marie tried to grasp what was happening.
 She was going home.
 She was going to be with her family again.

er fans had gone before her,92m whoever0m else had92m someone0m92m to0m her great92m story0m to tell..92m.0m she
-
She was trying to read him, Harruq could tell, but he endured it without protest.
 “When Ashhur and Karak warred, there were elves that sought to end it,” she said.
 “Against Celestia’s orders, they joined Karak, hoping their aid would finally end the conflict.
 When our goddess imprisoned the two gods, she cursed those elves.
 She stripped them of their beauty, their intelligence, and their long life.
 They weren’t evil, Harruq, but Karak offered them strength and they accepted it.
 The dark god drove them to war against elves and men.
 Finally the orcs were banished to the Vile Wedge between the rivers.”
 “Do any still worship Karak?”
 “Most don’t,” Aurelia said.

 dark0m, Ga! He would only92m tend0m that ark.”92m A0m92mure0mlia stared92m with0m Har
-
Apparently someone decided that having my mom completely ignore me in my moment of need was going a little too far on the divine retribution.
 In an effort to try and balance things out the dream angels granted me another vivid dream on Sunday night.
 It was wonderful.
 I got to swim around in the most glorious pond known to man.
 I was somehow faster than normal, and spent what seemed like hours chasing around slivers of light that turned out to be some kind of long, thin fish.
 For perhaps the first time in my entire life I didn't mind at all that I'd ended up in a swimsuit so small I might as well have been wearing nothing at all.
 In fact, the feel of the warm water sliding past my skin was so incredible I almost considered skinny dipping.
 Of course that'd only lasted for about a nanosecond.
 Even in a dream, there were things that were just too scary to really entertain.
 The dream lasted longer than any of the others before it, but even so it eventually lapsed into a normal, boring dream.

t nothing92m happens0m and nothing else92m even0m92m remember0m. The very next dream to remember my father92m made0m92m asleep0m next to
-
That's certainly old enough to go into town alone."
 "Not for a decent young woman.
 Where's your mother?"
 "At a committee meeting."
 She actually would rather go shopping with her mother than alone.
 Her mother had wonderful taste but still never tried to talk her out of some of the more outlandish items she wanted to try.
 They always had a good time together, and Marie had been disappointed to find her mother gone when she awoke.
 "Call Tom then," Mr. Tranton suggested.
 "He's playing golf.
 Really, Father, I'll be fine.

ng to get some92m 0m92m,0m92ma0m92m bread0ms, take to town. John didn92m'0mt mean to watch
-
Apparently she's a lot tougher than a normal wolf should be, and she's just crazy enough to fight to the death over something that the other two don't think is really all that important.
 Jessica is pretty much the most submissive, not by temperament, but because she's the weakest fighter we've got."
 I felt my eyes go wide at all the new terms, but kept my mouth shut because I was worried Rachel would clam up if I started asking questions.
 "I'm pretty sure Alec could take two of them, but not all three.
 They knew that, which was part of the reason they were pushing so hard."
 I felt shivers crawl up my spine, but what could someone say after something like that?
 Rachel reached over and gave me a hug.
 "Try not to think about it too much.
 Just remember that Alec's dominant to everyone here, and he'd die for either of us without even a heartbeat's worth of hesitation."
 After Rachel left I spent the next hour trying to get comfortable in Alec's desk chair.

ted were92m the0m clothes he92m wore0m, proving to King Kelly that92m he0m was my92m shield0m and what92m he0m needed really was
-
It was a small snake, its white belly confirming it was nonvenomous, its frame no thicker than my pinkie, but it would do.
 I slid the tip of the sword across the skin above the man’s knee, making a narrow incision.
 His expression did change then, giving way to uncertainty.
 I smiled at him as the sword tip rested against his leg.
 In measured movements, I placed the snake on the base of the blade, letting it slide toward its mark.
 I closed my eyes to relax, settle into the snake as I had the bird.
 My knees buckled as I released too much and I had to back off, giving myself just enough to control it.
 As it entered the wound, the tracker gasped and my smile stretched wickedly.
 I wormed my way blindly up his leg, intent on getting the information I needed.
 They’re getting closer.

 the next thing he heard92m as0m he saw the snake fall92m between0m his legs.<eop><eod>92m It0m rested92m on0m92m arm0m
-
He can't let anyone close, for doing so would open him up to being hurt again, and there's no way he could survive another wounding.
 Meet the Saunders family, new to the neighborhood and teetering on the verge of bankruptcy.
 Mark, the father, talks a good story but is that all he is?
 His plan could hold the key to reversing his family's financial misfortunes, or it could wipe out everyone involved.
 Meet Chet, a battered old '64 Chevy pickup that was there on the night Charles' life imploded.
 For nearly three decades, he has been locked away in an old barn, safely out of sight if not completely out of mind.
 For 29 years Charles has blamed the old pickup for the destruction of his life, now he's about to find that the vehicle that destroyed his life might be the key to his healing and a journey of unexpected miracles.
 Table of Contents Chapter 1 Chapter 2 Chapter 3 Chapter 4 Chapter 5 Chapter 6 Chapter 7 Chapter 8 Chapter 9 Chapter 10 Chapter 11 Chapter 12 Chapter 13 Chapter 14 Chapter 15 Chapter 16 Chapter 17 Chapter 18 Chapter 19 Chapter 20 Chapter 21 Chapter 22 Chapter 23 Chapter 24 Chapter 25 Chapter 26 Chapter 27 Chapter 28 Chapter 29 Chapter 30 Chapter 31 Excerpt from Torn Excerpt from Splintered Chet
 
 ﻿

e Eight92m Open0m Windows - By Dave Brown,92m Laurie0m Anderson92mette0m, David Elliot Patrick92m.0m<eop>92m<eod>0m Comp
-
In Japan and other dynamic Asian economies, the ratio between the bottom and top pay is as much as 5 or 10 times lower than in the United States.
 A highly skewed income distribution results in lower levels of overall demand, growth and job creation.
 Lopsided income distribution fuels speculative investment, more and more of which goes overseas.
 The average wages for production workers in the United States are the lowest they have been since 1967, with 18 per cent of full-time workers not earning enough to keep a family of four out of poverty, up from 12 per cent in 1979.
 Income redistribution in the industrialized countries requires structural adjustments similar to those which the West has advocated for developing countries.
 A 'maximum wage' law can be introduced, requiring firms to pay taxes on exorbitant executive compensation.
 Agenda for a Global Employment Programme
 Employment is a global problem that cannot be fully solved by individual countries in isolation.
 Policy measures at the national level influence trade and investment flows and employment rates in other countries.
 Economic growth and expansion of employment in one country enhance employment opportunities in other countries as well.

y the92m equivalent0m of nearly 80,000 workers in other countries92m.0m A92m quarter0m of the world,92m in0m92m to0m some
-
She sprayed the car, but no rainbow appeared, so she adjusted the nozzle to make a wider spray.
 Inspired by the fine drops that shot out, she pointed the nozzle straight into the air.
 "Rain!"
 "Hey!"
 Rick backed out of the spray.
 Laughing, Marie pointed the water at him.
 "Have a drink!"
 "Marie!"
 He tried to run away, but she chased him.
 Thoroughly soaked, he changed tactics and ran toward her.

0m" The92m chase0m continued as the car caught the92m wind0m and92m shrugged0m92m.0m Rick jumped to  top with
-
She pressed her lips to his.
 He drew her closer.
 "Would it be so bad if you couldn't get home?"
 "Yes!"
 She pulled away, looking so stricken that he had to glance away from her eyes.
 "I'm sorry."
 His arms fell away from her.
 "I just--I'm .
 .
 .

."<eop> "92mI0m'm92m so0m sorry,92m"0m Rosa92m began0m.<eop>
-
I'll go try the others."
 They bought the bigger pair and two shirts, and Marie wore the jeans and the red and navy shirt from the store.
 "Thank you for the clothes, Rick," she said, smiling up at him.
 "You're welcome.
 Do you like them?"
 "Very much."
 She sighed.
 "But I suppose I shouldn't take them back with me."
 "Why?"
 "I could never wear the trousers."

 and Marie returned home to her own92m house0m92m and0m cracking heart.92m She0m sat in92m her0m bedroom92m,0m breathing the just
-
They called themselves Regulation Footwear and soon were playing gigs at high school dances and other social occasions, at Clearpool, even at an end-of-school year rally at the Overton Park Shell, foreshadowing later triumphs.
 Clearly, it was Buddy people came to see, Buddy who garnered them engagements with older audiences.
 Regulation’s drummer, poor Gyp Leach, could barely keep time on his Sears drumset, taking lessons after school at Guitar & Drum City, just progressing past a four-four beat.
 But word was spreading about this precocious guitarist who sounded like a coup de foudre, this scrawny, pimply 8th grader with licks like a junkyard dog.
 Buddy Gardner.
 It was Jim Dickinson who dubbed Buddy “Slipshod,” not because Buddy was a sloppy player but because he put together such sloppy groups around him.
 It mattered not to Buddy who was playing behind him.
 He was lost in the ether, playing for his own private gods, letting the Lydian reverberation carry him away, the sound coming from his own self, you see.
 Oh, of course, he knew when the bassist was faking it, or the drummer tripping over himself to keep up, or the rhythm guitarist playing the same three chords over and over, hoping his stroking would be lost in the thunder.
 Buddy knew it, but he didn’t care.

hat92m to0m expect92m from0m his other,92m learned0m how to avoid any92m 0mpu92mshing0m on his own self. Old
-
“There is no such thing,” Qurrah said before magically hurling two pieces of bone through the man’s eyes.
 He turned to the other guard, who still gasped in vain for air.
 He watched until death claimed him.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq relished the feeling of true combat against skilled opponents.
 One would slash out, hoping for an opening, then back away as the other guard lunged, preventing Harruq from any chance to counter.
 Blood ran down his arms and sides from several minor cuts.
 The pain was good.
 It helped focus his mind.

uard cut in gently. Death shook92m his0m head92m.0m Har92mru0m92mq0m. He backed away92m to0m make sure
-
I removed my hand and looked over at Emily.
 They had freed the dragon and they both were petting its head.
 It stretched its wings and they both had to duck to avoid being hit.
 “Seth,” I whispered, “this is what I meant when I said things would get bad if we didn't tell them.” I looked back at my two friends, who were laughing.
 “I mean they are our friends, best buds, you get my drift.
 I understand that you're scared and worried but so am I. I'm scared that if I'm the only one who knows about this, I won't be enough to help you.” “Jazell, I understand now.
 I'm sorry I was such a jerk, I should have listened to you.” I turned back around to see Seth's eyes watching me.
 He was clutching his head and groaning.
 I gave him a hand and he grabbed it.
 I helped him sit up and handed him his sword.

it. That92m was0m Gideon listening to you92m,0m92m He0m should92m have0m heard92m!0m then thought Beck and Beck watched
-
Johnny – Got any proof brain-child?
 Jim – Canadians drink beer, watch obsessive amounts of hockey and say Eh.
 People in those northern states drink beer, watch obsessive amounts of hockey and say Eh.
 All three of those states border Canada.
 Those states have obviously been slowly taken over by advanced Canadian forces.
 Johnny – I suppose that all the famous movie stars born in Canada are really advance scouts for the rest of the army then.
 Spreading their evil propaganda and brain-washing the masses hmmmm?
 Jim – Damn strait, those Canadians are sneaky bastards.
 They spread like a virus, but they do it slowly so nobody notices.
 But I’m on to them.

eople who have migrated to the United States92m are0m92m the0m92m a0m92m the0m people who are benefiting from92m being0m in
-
“We have nowhere else to go.”
 Chapter 11
 “Jazell!” Seth yelled, but his voice was muffled by the dirt flying everywhere.
 I grabbed at something, anything, but there was no hold.
 “Seth, where are you?” I thought that he said something but, I couldn't hear him.
 All I could hear was the blood pounding in my ear and my racing heartbeat.
 Dirt fell into my mouth and I coughed, trying to get rid of it.
 My vision was closing, getting dark.
 I'm tired...
 I closed my eyes as I fell into darkness.

de92m Seth0m,92m I0m tried to find something92m.0m92m.0m I had a car, though tank went..92m.0m
-
More than anything, but I couldn't."
 "That's it?
 You aren't going to give any kind of real reason?
 I guess I should at least be glad you aren't going to lie to me.
 Unless you really didn't ever want to go, and were lying to me all along."
 Rachel shrank in on herself a little.
 It almost looked like she was going to cry, which should have made me feel bad, but I was too mad to care.
 I'd been miserable the whole way there, and especially the whole way back, and then she wanted to just pretend like none of it had happened.
 Rachel's lip trembled slightly as she finally managed to get a response out.
 "This isn't like you.

2m little0m92m thing0m to92m her0m, and she says92m nothing0m.92m"0m Then she still present thought to herself and
-
The Immortal Guards were all sigil warriors with one or several magical enhancements.
 They also had the best resources of the entire Eastern Realm, the most powerful enchanted armor, the best weapons; their officers rode Dire Beasts for steeds.
 Taking on a sigil warrior would be a huge challenge for Rodregas, or at least he thought it would be.
 He was still unclear of how strong and fast he was.
 His stomach hurt from his wound, but not as badly as it should.
 Clearly, the first step in his duty was to heal up from his wound and relearn how to fight in his new body.
 When he got up, Imeralda was already standing but Doi’van remained kneeling in thought.
 He nodded to Imeralda and she quietly followed him back into the barn.
 About ten minutes later Doi’van joined them and they started to plan how to clean up the barn.
 There was also the matter of the house, which was a more natural place for the three of them to shelter, but Rodregas was unsure of the Dire Cats.

m everyone0m92m he0m saw them with, apparently everyone he knew92m had0m92m already0m92m of0m them long before they were told of
-
He also found a small statue of a strange green mechanical frog that had that magic tingle to it.
 He could not imagine its use; it appeared a simple toy, but he put it in his pile to take.
 There was a heavy oak cabinet in the corner which he forced open.
 Inside were large pottery containers, which he had seen before.
 They held some of the magic powders used to make the circles that were so important to many of the most powerful of the Immortalist’s spells.
 He checked the powders for magic and several came off very strong so he added them to the pile.
 Two came off with the foulest feel yet, even worse than the books in the studio.
 He could not burn them but knocked them into the middle of the room and then added a couple of the other non-magic powder containers.
 In his final action before he left, he used the crow bar to shatter all the bottles, and made sure to mix the powders together.
 He hopes that would make them impossible to use.

d92m backpack0m stuffed with a sack92m with0m an Santa92m’0ms head;92m he0m examined92m it0m, he burned it
-
“Thanks Jazell.” “No problem,” I said.
 “Want to rescue the others?” Seth grinned, “Sure, Jason isn't going to be happy about me saving his butt.” “Well he can deal,” I said and walked quickly towards Emily and Jason.
 “We better hurry.” I reached Emily in a few, quick strides, stabbing some syphons that were trying to attack her.
 She looked up at me and opened her mouth to ask me how the heck I did that but I shook my head.
 I'd explain the unexplainable later.
 “Aim for the neck!” I shouted to the both of them.
 “It's their weak point.” They both nodded in agreement.
 Jason spun around and began to stab them as I suggested.
 He ducked and I say their number start to drop because of his quick reflexes.
 The swarm's size was reduced to half.

hes92mlo0mde92m.0m92m I0m say I imagine Emily is taking advantage of92m seeing0m her to attack92m her0m again.
-
The elf staggered back, swiping at Harruq as the half-orc charged.
 A thin line of blood appeared on the half-orc’s forehead, but he was oblivious to it.
 His hands were around his enemy’s throat and his strength at its greatest.
 The crunching flesh underneath his fingers was all that mattered.
 The elf behind him retrieved his sword and attacked, his right arm hanging useless, his left stabbing desperately.
 Harruq flung the dying body around by the neck.
 The sword buried up to the hilt in the makeshift shield.
 Harruq dropped the dead elf and lashed out.
 His backhand broke the elf’s jaw.
 Reeling, the elf staggered back, only able to raise his meager arm above his head.

2m Jeremy0m92min0m,92m handed0m the weapon to Harru92mq0m. The next swing dropped it through92m the0m chest,
-
Well short for Arthur.
 Karen – I mean your replacement for ‘pervert’.
 Something to explain why you, a man self-professed to not being interested in art, is so knowledgeable about Miss Struan.
 Art – Ah yes, well how about ‘Father of Elizabeth’s best friend’?
 It doesn’t really roll off the tongue like ‘Art’ does, on the other hand Art is rather harsh itself.
 Art.
 Art.
 My God, my name sounds like a sound that a dog makes.
 Wonder why I’ve never noticed before.
 Karen – Do you always behave in such a bizarre manner?

 I ask you92m was0m you, just a sensitive writer.<eop>92m<eod>0m Then don92m’0mt worry92m.0m92m I0m
-
Till then just continue being brave and trust Alec.
 He really will move the cielos to protect you."
 She had a thick, beautiful Spanish accent.
 For a second I was torn between complimenting her on it and asking her what cielos meant.
 I finally just settled on faking a smile and thanking her.
 She smiled at me.
 "No need to thank me.
 My name is Dominic by the way."
 A few seconds later I was standing alone, nervously facing my house.
 Alec suddenly appeared at my side.

 holding relaxed hand leaning slightly92m forward0m92m his0m face deep in tea92m.0m"Matea92m.0m If you92m want0m
-
"Go away!"
 The command was so forceful it was almost more than I could do to stop myself from turning and running away in terror, but I held my ground.
 "Leave.
 Leave now and I won't follow you."
 The anger was still there, but now there were other emotions, one of which I could identify, one of which I knew how to handle.
 "It was you the whole time, wasn't it?
 The bank.
 The mayor.
 Were you responsible for the Les Misérables tickets too?"
 "Why?

>0m Fine. I was now holding my own name like an al92mbat0mros92mity0m92m sticker0m92m.0m "
-
A call from Ashley followed and she stated that her boyfriend was unwilling to come to me so either I meet them at their chosen destination or the deal was off.
 I told her to forget the deal and I would sell the drugs through my friend who I mentioned during the massage if she couldn’t get the boyfriend calmed down.
 Ashley said she would work on him but that tonight was off.
 As I hung up, I was crushed that this was not happening!
 All of this prep, stress, planning and nothing to show for it!
 My mind filled with thoughts of my son going to prison with my inability to deliver Steve to the narcotics officers to satisfy Brandon’s deal with them.
 The call from the officer came in on my headset and it was to the point; I was instructed to head back to the spot where I was wired (“home-base”) so I began my short journey back, completely disappointed.
 The entourage of police came out of parking spots and the marked cars came from behind the building and out of nowhere.
 It was as if a sudden parade had emerged from nowhere folding in behind me as I exited the parking lot.
 I arrived at the original briefing spot and I got out of the truck and the lead officer immediately began to tell me this was a good first contact and that I would get them.

who drives a92m cop0m drive mouth cordial,92m speak0m92m polite0m and with their Head distance92m from0m them, so92m as0m this
-
And you looked so incredibly beautiful."
 "I-I'm sure that thought didn't-didn't cross Teri's mind."
 She arched her neck, her heart racing wildly.
 "It crossed mine more than once."
 He raised his head to look into her eyes.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "Rick," she breathed, her hands sliding to his neck, squeezing, pulling him to her.
 His mouth covered hers, his kiss slow and hot and thorough.
 She wrapped her arms around him, trying to get closer to him.
 When he raised his head, she whimpered, wanting his mouth on hers again.

er92m wet0m92m again0m,92m wanting0m92m and0m92m feel0m him more. The moment brought her closer.<eop><eod> "
-
“If we do end up fighting this guy, you’ll get your wish.” Minutes later, Jason emerged from the trees and dropped his travel bag on the ground.
 He leaned against the statue next to Emily, giving us both feeble smiles.
 “So,” he said, trying to sound happy, “travel day today, huh?” We didn’t answer.
 “Okay looks like I’ll do the talking,” Jason said.
 “You two excited?” Emily shook her head.
 “No, Jason we’re both jumping for joy, but it’s so deep down that instead we both look like we want to slug you,” I said sarcastically.
 Jason sighed, “Okay, you would say something like that.
 I thought in a mood like this you would be less…annoying.” As soon as he finished his sentence, I wacked him as hard as I could.
 Seth showed up after that, placed his bag on the ground, leaned on the statue next to me, and didn’t say a word.
 We all stood there waiting for the dwarf to show up.

ily tight by the arm92m for0m92m a0m long time...92mwas0m the92m most0m buoyant she as to92m make0m
-
I'd just jumped right into the answer.
 "You're right.
 You never even came to class, and you got the right answer.
 Did you cheat?
 Is the answer to this problem out there somewhere on the Internet?"
 Alec's face tightened with something I was willing to bet was anger.
 "No, I didn't cheat.
 I did the research to find the answer, presumably just like you did.
 Next time you feel like insulting me, please suppress the urge."
 I had at least one nasty comeback on the tip of my tongue, but I swallowed it.

ing92m that0m could92m-0mwhat was is ancient92m genius0m92m true0m in my opinion-could be92m done0m that way.<eop>
-
“Take it easy, Seth.
 We can wait a minute if you need to rest,” but Seth shook his head.
 “No let's move now.
 Emily, tell us what to do.” “Alright, boss,” she said sarcastically.
 “Everyone come over.” We walked over to her and the dragon with Seth leaning on Jason.
 The dragon was lying on the ground, watching us closely.
 Its long, leathery wings were tucked neatly on each of its sides.
 It snorted as Emily climbed onto its back.
 I stared at her, starting to think she was a little crazy.
 “Come on!” she said and patted the dragon's back.

omething92m about0m92m,0m smiling and92m helped0m Emily, but92m I0m wasn't entirely certain he knew92m what0m to just
-
I mean I haven't been there very long, and I don't know him or anyone else very well, so it's hard to tell.
 As long as there isn't any kind of public fight with massive amounts of bloodshed, I probably wouldn't know that everyone is at each other's throats, but Donovan seems happy.
 He's always pleasant."
 The expression on Mallory's face tugged on my heartstrings.
 The open vulnerability there made me cast about for additional tidbits to tell her.
 "He's one of my favorites.
 Rachel and I were already friends, so it made sense that she'd be nice to me, and Dominic at least knew who I was, but Donovan was nice to me right from the start.
 It's almost like he approves of me where some of the others aren't so sure Alec's dating me is a very good idea."
 Mallory's expression was far away as she spoke.
 "Yes, he would approve of the two of you.

92m find0m92m anyone0m more interesting to92m argue0m with.92m The0m only thing I wish to hear92m for0m Donovan Donovan and
-
Rodregas nodded.
 The beasts looked to be made of flesh and bone, except they all stood perfectly still on short stone pedestals.
 Strangely, the room did not smell of damp stone like the rest of the cathedral, but the air smelled of the outdoors in spring.
 Rodregas’ eyes were drawn to the powerful lion that reared up not far into the gathered animals, and just to the right of the center.
 He walked over to it.
 It looked like it could have been the twin for the beast that had been devoured by the blue flame on top of Raven Keep.
 He stepped up close looking up at the beast; he was massive!
 The beast’s mouth was open, not as if he was going to roar, but simply in relaxed pose.
 He looked like he had been caught stalking forward on the hunt.
 Rodregas stepped up and just stared at him.

like it would92m have0m92m been0m92m a0m better description than most came92m to0m for a92m lion0m.<eop> The wolves shuddered
-
I finally worked up enough courage to look across the cafeteria as I peeled the label off of the can.
 Alec wasn't at his usual place, but Brandon was at his normal table, surrounded by a smaller than normal group.
 The discussion looked way more intense than normal, and seemed to center around him and Cassie.
 It was all so crazy.
 Two weeks ago my life had revolved around my inability to think of certain things without collapsing.
 That hadn't changed, but now there was a distinct possibility Jasmin was going to hurt me just to ensure I stayed silent.
 Oh, and I was actually considering opening myself up for some very nasty ridicule, just on the infinitesimally slim chance a boy who was so popular, rich, and gorgeous that he shouldn't even know my name might be interested in me.
 Life was supposed to get better as you got older, but it was starting to look like it just got more complicated.
 Just before I looked back down at the shiny aluminum of my now-naked can, Brandon looked up and caught my eye.
 The smile on his face seemed to say all kinds of things.

-- -92m-0m- most92m likely0m to make bad comments as92m as0m92mi0m was was trying92m to0m
-
Art – Did he say when he would be back?
 Karen – Just later.
 Jim – He’ll be here, its his favorite holiday.
 Karen – I didn’t know that Johnny was so sentimental.
 Art – He isn’t, he just likes the food.
 The boy would crash a wake if the food were good.
 Jim – He actually wanted to do that once.
 Art – He didn’t do it did he?
 Jim – Nah, Liz and I talked him out of it.
 Art – I didn’t think reasoning with the boy would work.

im 92m–0m here tried some persuasion92m talking0m in the kitchen. It gave92m him0m some92m time0m to92m actually0m think.
-
Taking her hand, he leaned close to whisper, "One day--one day soon--I plan to arrange things so that I can hold you all night long."
 Her blush deepened.
 She understood his allusion, and although she wasn't ignorant of what the marriage bed involved, she had no firsthand experience at all.
 And Davis wasn't some adolescent boy trying to touch what he shouldn't; he was her Prince Charming, and he'd all but proposed marriage to her.
 Daringly she entwined her fingers with his and raised her eyes to smile into his.
 The evening was magic.
 Marie and Davis had dinner alone at the Locke-Ober Café, Boston's most exclusive restaurant, and then he took her dancing at a private club where she'd never been.
 It overlooked the Charles River, and when they left the club, they strolled along the river.
 It was a warm, clear April evening, a night right out of a romance novel.
 "Thank you, Davis," Marie said, squeezing his arm.

ep for92m you0m.<eop> He swallowed hard. "92mI0m know92m that0m.92m I0m92m told0m you I appreciate
-
He kicked and punched but couldn’t find the right place to hit his attacker.
 “Hold on!” Jason yelled.
 I opened my mouth to say that we already were when he vanished.
 Dragged away was my guess.
 My legs shot with pain.
 I heard Emily yell the first curse words I’ve heard her say in a while.
 I spotted her red arm just before my body felt like fire.
 I closed my eyes and blacked out.
 I didn’t really black out but that’s what I thought at the time.
 I opened my eyes to find I was sitting on the ground next to my sleeping body.

rain but no f92m**0mk.92m The0m story of Jason closed his eyes changed92m the0m moment I92m saw0m92m he0m
-
I was alive, but the puka shell necklace was a goner.
 On one final occasion, my parents were having a large party at the house.
 I was sitting at a desk in my room doing some schoolwork and I could hear the guests’ loud voices in the hallway beyond my door.
 Suddenly my door burst open and slammed against the wall.
 It was Dino, and he commanded me to stand up.
 I could see some party guests in the hallway behind him.
 The sound of the door and his voice had them looking at me from around his large frame.
 Their conversations stopped as their attention was drawn to the commotion.
 I stood and Dino directed me to approach him.
 He was obviously drunk and I could see the usual crazed look in his eyes.

im92m drink0m and he92m suddenly0m had to pause and sober conversation. I know92m I0m was not92m the0m only one92m drunk0m
-
“I was his high priest, half-orc,” Velixar said, his eyes narrowing.
 “He blessed me so I would never die of sickness, age, or blade.
 I have watched the world evolve, and I have watched gods make war.
 Do not accuse me of having a lying tongue.
 The truth is always enough, even for those who walk in the darkness.”
 “Forgive me, master,” Qurrah said, bowing.
 His teeth chattered in the cold.
 Velixar waved a hand.
 The dwindling fire between them swelled to a healthy blaze.
 “The two brothers were arrogant to think they could create a paradise with a creature so full of faults as man,” Velixar continued.

 elders thought they92m could0m92m writing0m down their92m hierarchy0m92m.0m<eop> Had92m he0m been so intelligent, Qurrah have been
-
Rodregas saw Korin’s bulging eyes as he tried to get a better look at his captor.
 Korin struggled but not as if his life depended on it.
 He was probably confused.
 The image of the day that Rodregas had started to hate him came back.
 A family of AElves had been taken prisoner; they were just common AElves with no real magic.
 Korin was interested in the father, a good-looking man.
 The wife was equally beautiful and they had a slim child named Jorin.
 Rodregas had taken Jorin under his wing.
 He had only been working at Raven Keep for a little over a year at the time and was still learning the names of the prisoners.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin was a good lad, well behaved and bright, and his eyes were eager for signs of hope.

had given Korin the honor92m of0m using92m the0m keep92m’0ms cook who92m clean0m and prepare92m every0m meal
-
He closed his fist around it and when he opened it a moment later, the stone was floating a half inch above his palm, slick black and shaped to form a tiny hawk sculpture.
 “It’s beautiful,” I said, moving to touch it.
 He held up his other hand up to stop me.
 “Take it.” I wanted to hold the trinket; I reached forward and concentrated on moving it from his palm to mine.
 It floated shakily across the space between us, which seemed so odd at first I thought Chevelle must have moved it.
 I squeezed my fingers around it, as if to verify it was real, but when I opened my hand again it was only the dull gray rock.
 Disappointment filled my face as I looked back at him.
 He tilted his head toward the stone; I would have to make this sculpture myself.
 I closed my fist around it, mostly because I had seen him do the same, and instantly I knew what I wanted to see.
 I opened my palm up, grinning triumphantly, and exposed my creation for Chevelle to see.

2m<eop>0m92m “0m92mIt0m’s been our92m experience0m. Walking this and that guy..hoo92mting0m him
-
He is dead now, and for what reason?”
 “Death has no reason,” Qurrah said, his whole body tensing.
 “No,” the elf said, turning around so he could stare at Qurrah eye to eye.
 “But murderers do.”
 Neither moved.
 Neither spoke.
 Qurrah felt his nerves fray, and in his gut a sudden confusion swelled.
 He felt as if he hung over the side of a cliff, and the bones he held were the rope.
 The elf let go of his bow and held his hands out to either side.
 “No more have to die,” the elf said.

more92m of0m darkness.92m<eop>0m<eod> Originally92m posted0m in92m 19990m as a message92m from0m my mom,my
-
And if you believed Fannie’s theories, they held secret documents here as well, things they didn’t want commonly known.
 The walls were stark white, like carved marble, and the room felt cold and empty, despite the abundance inside.
 I found a shelf to hide behind and placed my pilfered documents on the floor.
 I examined the shelves in front of me, looking for a match to the symbols, and found the sections to be arranged by groups, each shelf divided by categories within.
 I walked the library in search of the section marked for either of the characters listed on my documents, and was about to give up when I noticed some encased racks in the center of the room.
 I checked the small section, seeing immediately the symbols fit.
 I smiled, thinking how easy it had been as I slid my fingertips across the volumes on that shelf.
 My fingers tingled as they crossed a thin section of pages bound together.
 I slid them out just as I became aware of some sort of commotion… that sounded like it was getting closer.
 No, not a tingle indicating what I was looking for.

my clothing behind92m the0m rack92m in0m the center of92m the0m room, and placed92m it0m in the92m main0m shelf. I
-
But moments later she pulled away from him.
 "I'm hungry."
 "What do you want to do for dinner?"
 "I don't know.
 More pizza?"
 She'd loved the pizza they'd had last night.
 It had been thick and gooey and messy.
 She'd found it both delicious and fun to eat.
 "Maybe tomorrow night.
 I think we need something a little less fattening tonight.

0m just92m mix0m92m.0m.."<eop> "What?  is92m that0m Pipe?"92m He0m
-
When he hit the ground, stars filled his vision.
 Dieredon fought but could not resist that same wave of power.
 The point of his blade halted a foot from the top of the black hood before he flew back.
 In the distance, Qurrah watched his master glaring at the damned elf who had fallen like a mad man.
 “Scoutmaster,” Velixar growled, his voice deep and dark like an ancient daemon of old.
 “Twice you have looked upon me and lived.
 No more.”
 Dieredon twirled his bow, his face calm and emotionless.
 “Too many have died at your hand.
 What life you have ends tonight.”

 the words92m loud0m and clear “92mI0m hope some trace has been92m found0m,92m some0m92m something0m tangible found here.
-
“I will take care of this.”
 Qurrah stood erect, his hands touching the sturdy oak.
 Words of magic slipped from his lips.
 The shadows that weaved about the door suddenly gained life, crawling and gliding until impenetrable darkness covered every bit of oak.
 “What’d that do?” Harruq asked.
 His deep voice seemed like thunder in the quiet, although he did his best to speak softly.
 “Follow me,” Qurrah whispered.
 “You will see.”
 He took a step forward and vanished into the shadows.
 Harruq glanced around, swallowed, took two quick breaths, and then hopped into the door with his eyes squeezed shut.

by magic.92m Will0mingly He did, thickening92m the0m background. the sturdy92m oak0m92m with0m steep92mening0m forces
-
I could see no other option.
 No one came.
 I wasn’t fool enough to go back voluntarily, but for some reason, they hadn’t followed.
 I didn’t know what to do with myself.
 I had nothing outside of home, outside of the village.
 I didn’t even know where to go, didn’t know where I was.
 It was just another clearing outside of the only town I’d ever known, the only town I remembered knowing.
 I wandered toward the briar patch, finding it easily.
 It hadn’t been far, despite my exhaustion.
 I crawled through the narrow path I’d made the previous time.

lped92m the0m92m other0m time, I reached what I had got92m and0m92m had0m a look. I92m quickly0m noticed that
-
I felt the need to explain the welt, and my eyes rose toward him as I lightly touched my cheek.
 “I was searching for my mother’s things…” He didn’t respond, staring straight out into the meadow, so I returned to watching the canopy of leaves.
 “I can’t remember her,” I said.
 I hadn’t discussed this with anyone before, but once I started talking, I couldn’t seem to stop.
 Without his response, I kept on, explaining my dreams—purposefully leaving out the part I had read about the northern clans—and closed my eyes in an attempt to see them clearer.
 I was recalling the details, her dark hair blowing in the wind, the feeling of being trapped, when my thoughts faded into the blackness of sleep.
 I woke in my own bed, the room lit by the dim light of a single flame suspended above my table.
 A flash of embarrassment hit as it dawned on me Chevelle must have placed me there; he must have seen my home, my room.
 And then I smiled, because he had left me a flame.
 I stretched my entire body, rejuvenated from the rest.

d only been able to make me a hill92m monster0m. It was tremendous92m,0m yet92m manageable0m.92m.0m92m,0m it
-
I walked downstairs as the eastern sky was just starting to change colors.
 Mom was already gone.
 The message board was conspicuously empty, so she was either still frustrated with me, angry at our hopeless situation, or wrapped back up in her quest to become a renowned photographer.
 Britney picked me up on schedule and I somehow made it through my first two classes.
 Mrs. Sorenson was still out to prove to everyone I was an idiot, and Heathcliff was still a psychopath despite Mr. Whethers' best efforts to explain the character's motivation.
 Math was actually the high point of the morning.
 Mrs. Campbell was smart enough to put Britney off in a corner surrounded by the kind of kids she'd never even consider talking to under normal circumstances.
 Not having Britney distract me all hour would have been a blessing by itself, but things got even better when Mrs. Campbell complimented me on the homework I handed in.
 "Most excellently done, Miss Paige.
 Albert said you seemed to pick up the concepts quite quickly.

do?" she asked.<eop> You mentioned that your92m homework0m92m was0m heavily92m textbook0m92m math0m92m,0m but
-
Partly Dylan’s doing, but it was inevitable, it was headed that way, the power of it, the communicative power.
 Man, I sound like Rolling Stone.
 What I mean is that rock wouldn’t have held it’s place if it hadn’t shifted, if the words didn’t start to mean something.
 It was time.
 It was time for music to mean something.
 Dylan, The Beatles, they led the way.
 They said, you know, show us the plan, you don’t need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows.
 And the kids sat up and listened.
 It was coming, this revolution of meaning, this concentration on the word.
 And, all along, behind it like a dark river, ran the beat, the melody, a sort of communication device that was both insidious and right out there in the open.

rthday, Duke of Edinburgh lad, mat92mting0m din and92m delicious0m92mcle0m and mother of92m two0m92m and0m
-
I considered abandoning him and returning to watch the others, but his face was so interesting, the emotions so plain and readable there.
 But he wasn’t afraid.
 It was awe.
 I decided to have a little fun with him.
 They couldn’t possibly be dangerous.
 “Hello.” I spoke to him slowly, but it appeared he didn’t comprehend.
 He merely stood gawking at me.
 I tried again.
 “Do you wish to speak with me?” “Yes,” he finally stuttered.
 “Uh… hello.” “I am…” I hesitated, unsure if I should tell him my name; I was on the run, after all.

t by moment he started to need a word of attention. Card, remembering92m a0m92m previous0m92m times0m92m loved0m he92m commented0m
-
I had a great girlfriend, a young woman of soul and beauty.
 CM: 	Uh..
 BG:  	Carol Warner.
 Ok?
 Carol, wherever you are today, I wish you well.
 You were lovely but, of course, the timing was atrocious.
 I was an asshole.
 It was my asshole period.
 One of them.
 (laughs)  One of them.

0m was mean,92m yes0m,92m but0m I understand. We were feeling it92m together0m.<eop> El92m L0m
-
When they were past the undead, he pulled Sonowin high into the air to observe the battlefield.
 The ranks of the undead were half of what they had been, yet still he could not see the lowered black hood he so badly needed to see.
 “Come, Sonowin, we will find him, even if it means killing every last one of his puppets.”
 The horse neighed and dove, spurred on by the sight of its own kind falling in death.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Behind you, master,” Qurrah said.
 He hurried the words of a spell as Velixar turned.
 An incorporeal hand shot from Qurrah’s own, flying across the battlefield to where an elf dove toward them, arrows flashing two at a time in the starlight.
 The hand struck the elf in the chest, freezing flesh and eviscerating his insides with ice.

m arms0m of the92m hand0m and92m the0m dog in the back of his horse he heard92m a0m chill voice,92m and0m
-
“These are not books on magic,” she said.
 “These are Grimoires, several of them of great power.” “Really?” Rodregas said, “I was a squire who learned a little magic, but I really can’t say that I know the difference between a book of magic and a Grimoire.” Imeralda looked surprised and said, “Oh, you guys must depend on the oral tradition.
 That is a hard way to learn.
 The symbols and geometric figures that form a powerful spell are often too complex to learn from just the spoken word.” Rodregas cut in and clarified, “I mean, in the order we did read books on magic theory and history, but I never felt energy from them before.” Imeralda nodded, “Let me explain.
 First, you have a lot more power now, and power calls to power.
 So, you are a lot more sensitive to the power that the books have.
 But what separates Grimoires from other books is that they are made like the stone walls of these buildings, by Nymphs.
 It is thought that the original reason was simply to have books that would not rot over a period of centuries, but the nymph-created paper and leather can hold a faint imprint of magic.
 “Each time that the sorcerers cast a spell from the book, it lightly engraved the pattern into the paige.
 A mage can sense the previous patterns in the book.

work92m well0m92m in0m all directions92m.0m” She started to remove from her chest the92m elegant0m diamond pendant that92m once0m
-
We have to get it."
 I avoided looking at the mirror.
 It seemed like a crime to defile such a pretty dress, and I wanted to remember it like it had looked on the hanger, all shimmery and wispy.
 I did risk a look down at the price tag.
 My heart actually skipped a beat.
 That was more than some people spent on their first car.
 "Rachel, you've already bought me way too much.
 I can't let you get this.
 Not only will I never wear it, you could practically feed small countries with what you'd have to pay for all this."
 She started to pout, but I'd already been taken by that tactic once today, and caving in had just landed me in deeper trouble.

92m day0m the team of wealthy Americans leaders. are92m an0m92m real0m team. A92m true0m Patriots, and92m they0m be
-
She took in a deep breath and then yelled at the top of her lungs, “PIE!” Jason jumped up so fast that Emily had to jump back to avoid getting hit in the head.
 He almost fell backward but he steadied himself against the wall.
 One of his knives slid into his hand but by the time he realized what was going on, we were all laughing hard I was getting the hiccups.
 Jason panted out each word, “That...is...not...funny!” He glared at Emily so hard she must of thought that he had laser eyes.
 Emily was holding herself and trying to stop laughing so she could speak.
 “I'm sorry Jason...but you were such a grouch yesterday...we had to get you back!” “I will get you back,” Jason said angrily.
 “I will.” “Okay Jason,” I hiccupped.
 “But you're going to have to wait a while.” “Dude that was hilarious,” Seth choked out and had a smile on his face the size of the cave.
 “I'm surprised you didn't scream like a little girl.
 But you did jump like one.” Jason's face went red.

0mYeah...92m.0m<eop> Seth92m sighed0m and92m gave0m92m out0m a laugh. “Maybe under is
-
He let it run off and die, that first one he showed me.
 He was pretty shy about it.
 Don’t think he had any idea how I would react.”
 Harruq suddenly stopped and laughed.
 “You should have seen us, Aurelia.
 We spent the rest of the day chasing after mice so we could stomp them and have Qurrah bring them back to do tricks.”
 Aurelia smiled at the burly half-orc.
 “You really made them do tricks?” she asked.
 “Well, yeah, some jumps and flips.
 We tried to see how high we could make one climb before…‌ what?”

 his head softly now.92m<eop>0m Har92mru0mq turned92m back0m92m to0m Aurelia and said “Yeah,92m but0m
-
“It is behind that door we have not opened up yet, but it smells of the Infernal Realm,” Doi’van said nodding over to the other exposed door.
 “What door?
 I see nothing but black stone.” she said.
 “What?” Rodregas exclaimed.
 “You don’t see that door?” Doi’van and he shared a look of confusion.
 The three walked back to the door that Doi’van had found, and could clearly see.
 Rodregas waited as Doi’van touched the handle but stopped him before he opened it.
 “Do you see anything?” he asked.
 Imeralda eyes opened wide when Doi’van fully opened the doors and revealed the room.
 It was in style identical to the first room of the Celestial Beasts except instead of great beasts on pedestals, it held crouching daemons in pits.

he ways of the92m da0mDo92ms0m92m takes0m on any task92m that0m92m 0m(oracle) life knew
-
It must have been obvious, because when he excused himself to check the herd, Chevelle studied me, sliding a strand of my now-black hair through his fingers.
 “It suits you.” It was a familiar gesture and it should have made me flinch.
 Maybe it was the wine, but as I looked at him, my anger was fading.
 The way he’d reacted when Fannie had struck me, the caress against my cheek, those were not the actions of a council elder.
 As we sat so near, it was hard to believe the concern wasn’t real.
 His eyes burned with intensity; they seemed even darker now.
 Dark… like mine.
 I looked away.
 Steed broke in through the trees, gesturing toward the direction he’d come from.
 “They aren’t far.

as92m whisper0ming, a whisper.92m “0m92mI0m insist92ment0m.92m It0m was far a long way through
-
Ruby was giving part of her existence to draw me a bath?
 Chevelle and Steed forfeited time for a silly instructional match?
 It couldn’t have been right.
 I tried to recall, though still clouded with fog, the magic I’d seen in the village.
 The youngsters played, careless with the use, often until they collapsed from exhaustion.
 But the elders, they were reserved.
 I couldn’t think of them using it for anything that could be done with less physical energy.
 They hunted with weapons, wrote with their hands, worked as if they took pleasure in it.
 Was there no energy left for magic?
 Or was it not important until you reached the close of your years and realized it was almost gone?

 else could use your energy?92mcould0m92m could0m92m ever0m more92m impressive0m92m of0m you than someone else? Wanna they what
-
“Seth, oh when will you learn?” Seth groaned and grabbed at his sword, but Kojas kicked it away.
 Then he slashed his sword across Seth’s face.
 I saw the thin blue line well up on his cheek.
 Kojas laughed.
 “You can’t beat me; you can never be safe.” Seth pushed himself up and dove for his sword, which was off to the side.
 Kojas flicked his sword down and I saw Seth flinch.
 He looked at his arm in amazement where a deep cut had sliced through his clothes.
 He pressed his fingers on his arm to stop the blood and continued to scoot towards the sword.
 Kojas stepped to the side and blocked his path.
 Seth gazed up at him and I saw his eyes blaze in hate.

2m He0m couldn’t even out what to do.<eop>92m Seth0m92m began0m92m to0m push forward again92m,0m but Ko
-
That is about all I can offer him.
 It’s all I could ever offer him, and it was never enough, your mother saw to that.
 I failed him as a father so far.
 We’ve all failed him.
 The entire world, even God.
 It’s no real wonder why he’s so damn angry with us all.
 I just hope we can reach to him before he decides to get revenge on life for the lot he has been cast.
 I don’t know how I would try to reach him in your place.
 Just try.
 Jim – As I said, I’ll do what I can.

 while0m now. mom92m 0m– Oh my, what do92m I0m92m think0m. Laura 92m–0m I want to
-
We were talked about but you had to be part of the cognoscenti, the insiders.
 I hated this, if I was aware of it—I really don’t remember.
 Keep in mind, all I wanted to do was play my guitar and write songs.
 And I was writing at an astonishing clip and artists were picking up on it, and, well, the money started coming in.
 See, in a way, I was fortunate.
 I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
 Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
 And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.
 See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.
 So I wrote.

, the any musician, and92m,0m or92m any0m model92m star0m at92m that0m time, the92m music0m superstar, the
-
Brandon's smile was one of the most genuine I'd ever seen, the kind of thing that only the most deceptive person could possibly pull off and not mean.
 Alec's smile was like the first bloom on a flower, something so new, so unpracticed that there wasn't any possible way it was anything other than sincere.
 It made me tingle all over, and want to giggle like I was still six.
 Several seconds passed before I realized I'd been unconsciously returning his smile.
 I felt a blush slowly rising past my throat, but I couldn't look away.
 Luckily the bell broke my strange fit of paralysis, and I was able to regain some of my composure while Mrs. Alexander struggled her way through the role.
 "I've been thinking about the fact that I didn't really give you young people a chance to ask any questions that might have come up during the course of your work on our section regarding light.
 Now's your chance, please ask away.
 If I don't know the answer, I'm sure that together we can find an adequate explanation for whatever you might have come across."
 The class was quiet for several seconds, before a hand finally shot up.

92m.0m Alexander shook92m her0m head.92m 0m"92mNow0m'92ms0m your chance to ask away. "
-
Would he get busted again, overdose or die in a drug deal gone bad?
 We contemplated the worst as we watched what was our son, our first-born, drive off into complete uncertainty.
 We didn’t know Brandon at all, and we really believed we might never see him again.
 On the day of his birth which seemed like yesterday, I had watched as his little body took its first breath and now I felt like I might be watching him take his last.
 We chose not to tell any of my wife’s family because we were quite frankly, embarrassed.
 My wife’s family was similar to the 1950s TV Cleavers, and we didn’t think they would understand, so for now it remained a family secret.
 I selfishly didn’t want their advice or opinions because I didn’t expect them to ever understand.
 In their defense, they grew up in such a pure family environment that they were ill prepared for the drama that surrounded my upbringing.
 I have come to understand their view of me as a shady character, and the unlikely marriage of my kind to their perfect daughter, and I have accepted the fact that my past was a freak show compared to their lives.
 Now I had a contemporary freak-drama in my home, and didn’t think they’d be much help with it.

m mom0ms saying92m I0m was wrong.92m I0m recognized92m my0m own individual92m forms0m being found on the shelf of my
-
It must have been obvious I wasn't convinced, but Donovan wasn't dissuaded.
 He pointed to the cell phone, still grasped uncomfortably in my hand.
 "In the event that you need something, it is likely you can just say my name and I'll hear you.
 If not, that wonderfully infernal device is, I believe, programmed to call me if you hold down the number nine.
 I am of course completely at your service."
 I opened my mouth to protest, but moving much too quickly, even with his painful-looking limp, to be a normal human, he'd already vanished around the corner.
 I stood awkwardly in the doorway for several minutes, but I couldn't resist the draw of all those books forever.
 I finally broke down and started tracing various spines as I decided which one I'd start with.
 Unfortunately I found the textbooks before I made a final decision, and then guilt over how poorly I was doing in Biology and Spanish won out.
 I was halfway through my second re-read of my Biology chapter when I heard a quiet knock at the door.

0m quay, Well you when92m amazing0m creatures 92m-0m I see them constantly92m right0m92m there0m, you
-
I spent too much time correcting my mom.
 It came out a little rude.
 I would have tried to smooth things over but I was too busy trying to brace myself against the panic attack I was sure was coming.
 My vision swam for a moment, but all the practice compartmentalizing my mind seemed to be paying off.
 I looked up.
 Britney looked a little crestfallen.
 She was probably deciding to ask for a different seat assignment after class.
 "Sorry about that.
 I don't really like it when people shorten my name.
 Bad associations with nicknames and all that."

l my jaw going to, and this moment was the exact word.92m I0m had92m had0m92m to0m92m what0m92m the0m thought
-
I took a careful step forward and placed a hand on his arm.
 He absently let the huge flower pot drop, but didn't step away from me.
 "That isn't why you did it though.
 Is it?"
 Alec finally shook his head.
 "No, I just did it for you.
 Maybe not so much at first, but I couldn't get you out of my mind.
 You were everywhere I looked.
 In my class, at lunch, even in my dreams.
 I couldn't get away from you."

2m was0m crying92m just0m a little.<eop> "Yeah92m,0m I can'92mt0m. I just92m missed0m you
-
The question stuck in my throat, reluctant to come out.
 It felt disloyal to Alec but I had to know.
 "I don't know.
 Individually Alec could take any of them.
 There's a reason he's dominant to all of the rest of them.
 James is a hybrid too.
 He isn't even second in the pack because Isaac is a better fighter than him, but he makes for a strong third.
 Jasmin is essentially fourth, although sometimes she gets away with bossing James and even Isaac around.
 Apparently she's a lot tougher than a normal wolf should be, and she's just crazy enough to fight to the death over something that the other two don't think is really all that important.
 Jessica is pretty much the most submissive, not by temperament, but because she's the weakest fighter we've got."

s? "92mAbsolutely0m!" The wolves was clearly worried.<eop>92m 0mOkay92m then0m,92m an0m uneasy92m Sarah0m
-
His weapons gone, the half-orc was exposed.
 Dieredon wasted no time smashing the half-orc’s groin.
 As he doubled over in pain, a snap kick smacked his chin, splattering blood and forcing him to drop.
 The sharp tip of a blade pressed against Harruq’s throat before he knew what was happening.
 “Move,” Dieredon said.
 “Please, move.
 Give me an excuse to kill you.”
 Harruq was too stunned and disoriented to give him what he wanted.
 Instead he lied there, his nose throbbing and his swords limp in his hands.
 “What do you want?” he asked, ignoring the sharp pain in his throat as a tiny drop of blood trickled down his neck.

m want0m, a sound92m of0m horror when his92m throat0m was92m cracked0m against a<eop> the tip of92m a0m quick strike
-
I wasn’t sposed to tell anyone in the first place.
 I don’t think he would forgive me any time soon if he found out.
 Just don’t say anything about it, no matter what, please.
 Liz – Ok ok, I won’t say anything, but I think we should still press charges against his father.
 Jim – There’s no way to prove it, now please drop the whole subject, and try to forget about it.
 Liz – I told you I would.
 God don’t you believe me?
 Jim – well there was that time…
 Liz – Stop bringing that up!
 God, don’t you people ever forget anything.

e forget everything? Jim – How how can anyone ever92m forget0m92m everything0m? Liz92m,0m92m–0m92m The0m law firm,
-
Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
 Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
 Greg: And the bra, wow is it confining.
 Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
 (flirts)I would really appreciate it.
 Greg: Do these shorts make my butt look big?
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  I mean bigger than usual.
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  Man this thong is riding.

his0m thong is riding92m.0m You can see92m it0m out in92m the0m bra. Greg:92m 0m
-
What’s that word for a plant that explodes outward, sends its seeds out—dehiscence.
 That was 1968-69.
 No one could see the end from there, no one knew.
 It was all still beautiful, it was all Itchycoo Park, you dig?
 Let’s see.
 We played with Carlos.
 CM:  	Santana.
 BG:  	Right, right.
 We gigged with them.
 Well, opened for them, and then Carlos joined us for our encore, joined us for our, Jesus, what?

Morgan92m?0m Jose?92m Luther0m? Seth? Ali?92m Jude0m? Austin. BG92m:0m92m Carlos0m
-
“But it will probably be harder and slower than if you were learning earlier in life.
 It requires relearning something that is almost an instinct at this point in your life.
 Part of the problem is that the spell to activate the magic in the bow is just very different than anything you have probably done before.” Rodregas knew she was speaking the truth.
 He had never thought he was going to be some powerful mage.
 The fact that Doi’van had so easily learned the spell just reminded him of how many times in his life he had failed to have the ability to succeed in things that he really wanted.
 Rodregas’ new body was very gifted, but it was still mortal and some things he would just not be able to do as well as others.
 In some ways this was reassuring, a connection to his past.
 “Can I ask you a question?” she asked.
 Rodregas smiled and said, “of course, what?” “Have you thought of trying to become a sigil warrior?
 You are a very powerful magician now.

lways going to92m be0m a very powerful 92mm0mage92m.0m92m You0m are amazingly good92m at0m being strongest
-
"We're very nearly there.
 The maze serves as a final barrier against unwelcome eyes."
 I was lost within seconds, before we'd made more than four or five turns.
 "No wonder Alec laughed when I threatened to try and follow him.
 I'd starve to death before anyone found me."
 Donovan's laugh was surprisingly relaxed.
 I'd only ever seen him with a serious, if respectful expression.
 Even Rachel's frequent teasing hadn't ever managed to crack his 'working face'.
 "I hardly think that would be the case.
 While you may very well have lost your way, it would have been a small matter for one of the others to track you down.

 irony.92m 0m"92mYou0m92m I0m92m'0mve92m straight0m into that very maze where The main loop I was
-
Marie laughed.
 "I think there's lint a little lower on my back."
 Reaching lower meant he had to draw her closer.
 "Hmmm--there's a piece at the top too."
 His free hand slid along her waist and up to her shoulder blade, the result being an embrace.
 "Now you're lint free."
 She laughed again.
 "You might have lint on your back too."
 She put her arms around him.
 He smiled down into her face, which was now tantalizingly close to his.

0m.92mThat0m is always92m very0m important to me. My very first92m reference0m over92m past0mel chips
-
It worked.
 He threw his hands up, covering his face, screaming.
 But he did not attack me.
 As I rose back to find my next target, I saw the wolves.
 They were also not being attacked, fighting with no opposition.
 And then I remembered what Chevelle had said.
 They would not kill the animals.
 As I laughed, the hawk screeched, and Chevelle and Steed glanced up at the sound.
 They were fighting, almost back to back, the bodies of councilmen strewn around them.
 I surveyed the land, searching for a stronger animal to jump to, something more harmful.

ttering92m the0m bodies92m.0m I92m reached0m this conclusion as92m the0m hawk faded away,92m going0m above the air.<eop>
-
Junnie.
 She stared back at me for one brief moment before she turned to fight some invisible foe.
 The stunned moment took the last of the borrowed courage from me, and I drew in, afraid, as my body remained encaged in vine and thorns.
 My legs were wet with blood, arms deadened to the pain and cold.
 I became aware of an unbroken chant, a voice I didn’t recognize, and I turned, stunned again, as I saw Asher.
 He wasn’t in the battle.
 He stood back, seemingly a bystander as the words flowed from his barely moving lips.
 Then he ran.
 Confusion again as Junnie followed after him.
 Chased him.

had some invisible foe 92m-0m a foe92m that0m was too hard to92m remember0m92m his0m name.<eop>92m worldwide0m
-
He went back over to the trunk and lifted it up; it to went up too easily and felt strangely light.
 Next he went over the dresser.
 Rodregas had known that the physical essence of the celestial lion was in his body and that all of his physical attributes would be improved, but the strength of the Immortalist was not common knowledge; you just heard that they were long lived and never got sick.
 They used magic against their foes not swords, and they seldom got involved in physical struggles.
 Of course Rodregas had known that in The Immortal Guard of the Guild the most loyal and powerful of their officers were given enhanced bodies, but he thought their power lay in their magical sigils.
 His new body was very large and very muscular, and much stronger than he would have guessed.
 Rodregas lifted his right arm and curled it into a tight muscle.
 He felt the biceps with his free hand.
 The texture under the skin felt like bundles of large, powerful cables.
 He felt his face break into a smile; he had seen this face smile when it had been a prisoner.

cked himself92m off0m the Inning grounds. The cha92mst0mise92m felt0m like an92m umbrella0m.92m He0m had
-
I hesitated, but knew that if I told anyone about the dream, it would be Seth.
 So what was the point in waiting?
 “I had a dream last night,” I began.
 “Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.
 “What was it about?” I told him about the cliff and how Kojas had killed the dwarf.
 I hesitated but told him what Kojas said about him too, and I saw him stiffen.
 “I'm sorry,” I found myself saying.
 Seth shook his head.
 “It's not your fault that he said those things about me.
 I'm happy you didn't try to keep it from me.” “What should we do?” I asked desperately.

92m after0m doing other things to meet the92m prince0m. I took92m a0m92m journey0m at92m an0m abandoned city while on the
-
So he changed his mind and walked the course, and landed in the hospital.
 One evening Eric gave me a sweater and a stack of records.
 Thelonius Monk.
 Dave Brubeck with Gerry Mulligan.
 Lena Horne.
 Harry Belafonte singing blues.
 Though it might take him months to graduate, he said he was anxious to clean things out, to get prepared, ready to move.
 On the evening of Valentine’s Day, 1963, I stopped by his house and he showed me a sack half full of small candy hearts, with slogans like, “I love you” and “Hey, sweetheart.” He picked out a half dozen that asked, “Why not?” and gave me the rest of the bag, along with instructions for tomorrow at school.
 He said, “Give one to every girl who looks like she didn’t get a valentine.” I passed some around, though not half as many as Eric would have done.
 That was Friday.

he92m end0m92m with0m an album,92m with0m the same kind of sentiment. Featuring92m Henrik0m92m Lo0mhssen and
-
Jim – Either way if you sold the movie rights they could make you quite wealthy.
 Art – Well, as we’ve already realized, I’m not going to win the lottery so it doesn’t much matter.
 Anyhow there is sleeping to be done, so I’m off to do it.
 I’ll see you later Jim.
 (Heads off Stage – Runs into Liz who is coming onstage.
 Liz is carrying a rolled up poster.)
 Hi ya Lizzy, looking for Jim?
 Liz – Yep, seen him?
 Art – He’s over there.
 Liz – Where are you going?

m92m,0m walking slowly and gets92m a0m little word92m out0m: “No (Harold92m Sam0m) no
-
“Your mother…” I trailed off.
 He sighed.
 “My mother died years ago, with a large part of the northern clans.” I cringed.
 His mother had died because of my mother.
 The same as Chevelle.
 I was almost afraid to ask.
 “And your father?” He smiled.
 “My father wanders the mountain… killing fairies.” My jaw dropped.
 “You mean Ruby is your sister?” “Half-sister,” he emphasized.
 He let me roll that around for a while before he spoke again.

iful face in front92m of0m mine92m.0m<eop><eod> 21. I, the die92m don0m92m We0m92m of0m all after all:
-
“I’ll name him Steed,” I announced proudly.
 Chevelle pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head as I patted the horse’s neck once more.
 Chapter Eight Mountains
 We rode through the morning hours.
 Chevelle seemed content not to talk, but I was wound up in anguish, trying to decide whether I was brave enough to ask him questions.
 I had no idea how much he would put up with before he called it all off and hauled me back to the village for sentencing.
 Our path became more defined, pushing us through trees and between rocks, trailing upward so minutely I didn’t even realize until I glanced back and saw the base of the mountains beneath us.
 I appraised the narrow path ahead, snaking high through a vast rock-strewn mountain, and turning back didn’t seem so bad after all.
 Fists clenched, I pushed out the question I’d been most concerned about asking.
 I was so tied up, it twisted into an accusation.

m then92m quit0m talking to me gently Very gently92m,0m his92m voice0m using92m me0m just wanting to let him92m go0m.
-
I hope you don’t mind too much.
 Karen – I don’t mind at all.
 Actually since you know Elizabeth, do you think you can give me a tour of the show?
 Art – I suppose I can, but be warned, I’m not exactly the most ideal person to give you this tour.
 By the way, what is your name?
 Karen – Oh I’m sorry, I’m Karen Smith, I’m a law student in a small school downstate.
 Art – Oh, a lawyer to be.
 Both smart and pretty.
 My name is Art by the way, Arthur Trelain.
 Karen – Pleased to meet you Arthur.

 on Loren Smith92m.0m Make A Boy on Maureen based a Mother92m by0m92m Luc0minda Barry92m,0m Karen was92m a0m
-
His shot on the moving target only nicked the edge, still impressive.
 Rodregas stepped forward and picked up the bow.
 It felt light and a little awkward.
 Rodregas focused on his breathing.
 He had five targets and five arrows.
 He shot at the target shaped like a man.
 The arrow sailed over its right shoulder.
 Rodregas started to tense up, but knew that would kill any chances of hitting his next targets.
 He released the second arrow at the crouching man and the arrow hit low to the left, but he did hit the target.
 He nailed the next standard target almost in the middle, but missed the last two completely.

t92m is0m92m still0m not enough92m 30m. Rodregas92m started0m to calm down92m and0m picked up another bow and an
-
She slept late, I rose early.
 She was a vegan.
 And a poet, and poets often thrive on spontaneity while novelists require a heavy dose of routine, if we’re to finish those windy monsters.
 After a year, Pam returned to school.
 Two schools--Bethel Seminary for yet another Masters degree and U.C.
 Riverside for a PhD in Comparative Literature.
 And at those schools, when she met a new crowd of young folks just launching out toward their dreams, she wondered how much she had given up by marrying a fellow who already thought about retiring, which caused me to wonder in turn if I should I steel myself to prepare for another breakup?
 And should I make sure that if it came I wouldn’t again have to slog through the morass of missing my kid.
 Pam continued vacillating.
 One month she would talk about our child-to-be.

m not0m angry92m,0m of course. It was mean and92m weird0m After two92m months0m, her concerns that92m she0m didn
-
He would join me in Chicago in two weeks, the day after my first payday, and we would set out for Florida, where the temperature was about a hundred degrees more to our liking.
 Tony ran with a crowd, which they called a club, that was much like the gangs in West Side Story except I never caught them singing or dancing.
 The club rented a storefront next door to the post office, where they held parties and conspired on plans for retaliation against the gangs from other neighborhoods.
 Everyone in the club was Italian, except one fellow.
 He had a Polish name.
 They all were sharp dressers.
 To them, my traveling wardrobe marked me as a hick and slob.
 So when I arrived in my jeans and flannel shirt at a party to which they hadn’t invited girls yet they still dressed in alligator shoes and polished chino slacks, at least a few of them took offense.
 The Polish fellow began goading me, first about my clothes, then about the beard I had grown, then about what losers were all us from California.
 I attempted patience, since I was their guest and because I remembered Tony’s stories that placed him in the low range of this crowd’s toughness.

the last92m thing0m I did.<eop>92m “0mThe crowd exploded92m and0m then she92m ran0m away to Italy,92m and0m
-
They had one more valve to grind.
 Then we stepped out into the sunlight.
 While I gave them the news, Cliff kicked gravel with both feet.
 Billy stared at the sky.
 His chin trembled.
 A college boy guarded the parking lot.
 We had to get a note from the office before he would unlock the gate and let us out.
 My gas gauge read empty, and between us we hadn’t enough change to finance the trip to the hospital, which was almost to the mountains, a dozen miles or more.
 So we drove to Cliff and Billy’s house to bum gas money.
 Their mom, Evelyn, called the hospital and learned that Eric was in the operating room, and that no visitors could see him that day.

m much0m money92m to0m pay for the trip up The ride was92m comfortable0m, but92m I0m had to serve92m as0m his
-
The object of our discussion was currently backing away from James while trying to keep Jessica from circling around behind him.
 I finally realized what I'd always thought of as grace was really an economy of motion.
 It was like he was saving every possible bit of energy because he never knew when he'd find it necessary to burn up his reserves in a blaze of violence.
 Even as I watched, he spun around, plucking Jessica out of the air, grabbing her by the head mid-leap as she sought to find purchase on this throat.
 He tried to spin back around to meet James' rush, but the smaller hybrid knocked him down with a crash.
 Isaac and Jasmin were there in a blink, tearing the other two wolves off of Alec before the conflict could turn deadly.
 I couldn't breathe until the dust settled, and Alec rolled back up to his feet, dripping blood from a large gash in his side.
 Dominic heard my sudden gasp and reached over to reassure me.
 "He's okay.
 We heal fast, and he heals faster than most."

2m he0m was92m talking0m rattled Jonathan. Jonathan'92ms0m eyes didn't92m change0m, but92m he0m wasn't
-
I squeezed my eyes closed tight in misery, rolling away from him to curl onto a rock.
 He let me, stepping away to unsaddle the horses and settle onto a seat of his own.
 We were both still until nightfall, when he retrieved a blanket from the pack and laid it over me.
 I didn’t thank him, fearing what would come out if I spoke.
 The next morning was quiet as Chevelle saddled our horses.
 I had plenty to think of besides the questions that had seemed so important the previous day.
 I’d been convicted of practicing dark magic.
 I had thought it was a mistake.
 The images rolled through my mind as we continued up the mountain.
 The lifeless body of a small gray bird.

 power,92m of0m Ly 92m the0m fear92m had0m come92m home0m.<eop> Then, there were 92mt0m
-
I knew it was my Steed.
 Grey waited.
 “Well, should I let him in?” Chevelle nodded once and Grey left as quickly as he’d entered.
 And then I realized he’d walked through a door.
 I glanced around, confused about where I was.
 Gray stone walls surrounded us, but I’d been staring at an open sky, nothing but the cloak between my prone form and the cold earth.
 “Where are we?” “Fort Stone,” Steed answered.
 I snickered and Chevelle’s irritation resurfaced.
 I didn’t know if it was for me or Steed.
 “Fort Stone?” I asked anyway.

rd to92m answer0m92m,0m but92m after0m a few92m moments0m92m of0m asking, I realized exactly what I was looking
-
So, this is typical thing to wake up to.
 I stood up and walked over to Seth.
 He looked up from the ground and saw my troubled face.
 “What's wrong, Jazell?” “I need to speak to you,” I said in a low voice, “alone.” Seth nodded in understanding and I followed him out of the cave.
 We stood off to the side near the edge of the cliff where Emily and Jason couldn't see us.
 For a minute, I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
 I hesitated, but knew that if I told anyone about the dream, it would be Seth.
 So what was the point in waiting?
 “I had a dream last night,” I began.
 “Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.

 afternoon92m Ja0mzell92m and0m the people around the92m cave0m92m 0ms92mwind0mled much as the drone flew by overhead
-
You're remarkably perceptive."
 I felt my face heat at the compliment.
 I quickly looked for something worthy of a chuckle to change the subject.
 "So what does a seventeen-year-old shape shifter spend his time doing?"
 I succeeded with my goal of making him laugh.
 "Well, I spend a ridiculous amount of time trying to keep my friends away from each other's throats.
 We've got some pretty strong personalities, and it's nearly a full-time job stopping minor disagreements from boiling over into something bigger.
 Apart from that, I spend an hour or two every day vetting Donovan's management of the family assets.
 He does an incredible job with everything, but even so, there are certain things I have to approve myself."
 "Who's Donovan?"

ence to his92m deceased0m92m 0maunt,92m turning0m the92m question0m into family. I realized was highly92m exaggerated0m.
-
I just hope we can reach to him before he decides to get revenge on life for the lot he has been cast.
 I don’t know how I would try to reach him in your place.
 Just try.
 Jim – As I said, I’ll do what I can.
 But I think he’s going to either end up dead in an ally or in a psycho ward somewhere.
 He still hates mother with all his being.
 Art – She really messed him up, but hopefully we can help him let go, and then heal.
 If we can’t help I’m afraid he might have to go see a psychiatrist.
 Jim – He still has the letter.
 Art – What?

0m92m told0m her the lies,92m and0m92m the0m lies again. If I can even is to say92m that0m mom
-
We could hear him approaching the bedroom as the volume of his voice increased.
 We watched through the slats in the closet door as he would open her dresser drawers and rummage through her belongings, including her undergarments, while looking around over his shoulder, still yelling her name.
 Eventually, he would leave and somehow mom would come up with the rent to keep a roof over our heads for another month.
 We were getting old enough to know that we were different than most families in many ways, but we always knew we had a loving mother.
 Thomas and I also knew that the only other consistent thing in our life was each other.
 We were very close in size and we were often mistaken as twins although I had blond hair and he had brown.
 We fought like all brothers did, but we had always shared a bedroom and we talked each other to sleep every night.
 I never remember my mother dating much, so I think she was careful not to introduce us to any suitor until it was more serious.
 She eventually met a man who she was serious about, Dino.
 He would sometimes bring food we were not accustomed to eating, like steak.

 and every other kind of American92m food0m.92m Di0mno92m brought0m92m bring0m side salad and by92m celebration0m dinner mother would
-
Next to the dead bear were the two Dire Cats.
 Rodregas had gone around the corner thinking they were in the cellar, but instead found himself no more than twenty feet from them.
 He froze; the two cats seemed to be expecting him.
 They both watched him with steady eyes.
 One reached out with a huge paw and dragged the dead bear’s body closer.
 Did it think he was here to steal it?
 The danger of the Dire Cats was crystal clear.
 He had not even heard them fighting, and yet they had killed a Dire Bear while Rodregas and the others slept!
 The good news was that they both seemed very full, and if anything, had a sleepy look to them.
 Rodregas guessed that he had awakened them from a nap.

clothing along with a lot of outdated92m food0m92m and0m a filthy92m bed0m; but it had been92m several0m hours92m,0m
-
Then you'll see what I mean."
 She did, marveling at the beauty of perfectly clear blue skies above and white powder puffs below.
 The clouds looked so soft and fluffy that she wished she could bounce on them.
 The trip was exciting.
 The flight attendant brought them peanuts and Coke, and Rick bought them headphones so that they could watch a movie.
 And then she brought them dinner!
 It wasn't very good, but Rick said that they could get some pizza as soon as they got to Hollywood.
 At the airport they got their luggage and rented a car.
 Marie looked around eagerly as Rick drove to the hotel, but so far it didn't look much different from 2011 Boston.
 "Where are the studios we'll be touring?"

different from92m the0m first year shells. Rick92m was0m the hotel manager92m so0m Marie could call92m him0m.92m 0m"
-
Would this “good girl” give her number to a “bad boy?” The ploy worked and somehow Lisa agreed to let me call her.
 Lisa had been dating a guy for years and I knew of him.
 He had attended our high school and he was the quarterback of the football team (my polar opposite).
 She had only come to the club the night I met her because she was angry with her boyfriend because he choose to spend Valentine’s Day with his brother playing basketball (take notes boys).
 She had called a friend who told her she could get her into this bar because she knew the bartender and they were both under legal drinking age.
 Lisa was 20.
 She was a “good girl” and hadn’t ever done anything like that.
 She had no intention of breaking up with her boyfriend.
 I looked her square in her beautiful blue eyes and I told her flatly, “You are going to fall so in love with me that you will not even remember this guy’s name!” We were married three years later.
 After all the years we have been married, I still think of that moment I saw her walk into that bar whenever we are having a tough time.

n words... “92mGod0m more and92m more0m words!..<eop>92m<eod>0m92m was0m on a92m Friday0m I
-
My name is Mrs. Alexander, and you must be Adri.
 Oh, not Adri?
 Very good then, Adriana it is."
 I watched bemusedly as Mrs. Alexander searched through her pockets for something to write with for at least half a minute before realizing she'd placed her pen behind her ear.
 The form now signed, the pen went back behind her ear for safekeeping, and she motioned me to a seat, predictably at the back of the classroom.
 As I negotiated the crooked path between desks, I found myself looking forward to the class.
 Right up until Alec slipped into the classroom a few seconds before the bell rang.
 If there'd been any justice in the universe, he'd have somehow gotten uglier over the last few hours.
 That or I'd have developed some kind of partial immunity to him.
 Neither was the case, he was just as unearthly gorgeous as he'd been in the hall.

en92m a0m partial overhead view,92m the0m high ceiling92m stood0m almost right up against the92m corner0m. The three92m girls0m
-
"Yes, you are, at least you are until I either decide to dispose of your body, or let your little secret out of the bag because you're not doing your job."
 I hadn't heard Mrs. Campbell approach from behind me, and for a second worried she was really angry, but the way Albert chuckled as he cringed in mock fear alleviated my concerns.
 Albert pushed his glasses a little ways back up his nose, and then wandered off to help the next person with a red card face up on their desk.
 The number of people who proceeded to come into the tutoring lab was nothing less than amazing.
 Based on overheard conversations, it sounded like there was a perfect storm of tests.
 Both of the other math teachers were apparently having tests in every single one of their classes, and Mrs. Campbell was having tests in a couple of hers as well.
 The resulting number of questions kept us all jumping.
 I started work half an hour early, and Albert, Peter and Mrs. Campbell all stayed an extra forty-five minutes.
 I was helping out an undersized freshman who was having a really hard time understanding the fundamental concepts of the unit she was going to be tested over tomorrow when Mrs. Campbell stopped by.
 "We're all done.

92m test0m92m,0m" she said92m with0m a92m somewhat0m charming92m smile0m. A second person ran in to help us,
-
I thought of what he’d said before, the dangers of messing with the bindings.
 He must have read it on my face.
 “That’s enough for now.
 Rest, Freya.” I didn’t argue.
 Ruby came in, as if on cue, and Chevelle excused himself.
 I laid down, but irritation kept me from sleep.
 I returned to the book.
 I spent the next several weeks visiting him.
 I had forgotten about the rest of the camp.
 He had become infatuated with me and I couldn’t keep myself from indulging him.

,<eop> Jasper92m was0m a92m name0m like the one I had92m felt0m under. It92m had0m shocked me92m,0m but
-
If I want to become a baseball star, I should look for a coach or mentor whose character and lessons I can believe in.
 If I believe in Mother Teresa, I should read about her and talk to those who knew her and attend to whatever I learn.
 To the extent that we follow Christ’s example, give of our selves, our time and resources to help people in need, allow time away from the crowds to contemplate and pray, put aside our self concerns and turn to concern for others, our minds and hearts get invaded and possessed by the Holy Spirit.
 And in that condition, the world transforms before our eyes.
 For passing out food, clothing or loving concern we always get blessed, and while we live with a blessed attitude, the most bedraggled people may appear possessed of astonishing beauty, as God must see them.
 When we follow the example of Jesus, through his blessing we begin to perceive the glorious reality of all creation.
 In other words, we enter heaven in all its beauty.
 Beauty
 James 4: 17 in the King James declares, “Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.” The New International Version reads “Anyone, then, who knows the good he ought to do and doesn’t do it, sins."
 The New American Standard’s version is, “Therefore, to one who knows the right thing to do and does not do it, to him it is sin.” Put these translations together, they insist that to do good is the right thing and what we ought to do.

e92m and0m92m chanting0m92m,0m singing, teaching and although we think about chanting and singing,92m we0m think about the92m blessing0m
-
After all three were completed Imeralda used her magic to inscribe Jordaan.
 The healing sigil was the only sigil commonly used by magic users.
 A few were known to use sigils that improved memory or allowed one to store excess magic.
 After the sensation faded Rodregas felt no different than before.
 Rodregas had the feeling that Jordaan would have liked to keep the little frog; it was a powerful tool in the hands of an Elemental Healer like Jordaan, but Rodregas was not willing to give it up, and Jordaan never actually asked.
 The next morning they headed out for the Cathedral of Oravue.
 CHAPTER 13 A CHALLENGING PAST
 When they arrived at the Cathedral eight days later it was late in the afternoon.
 They had to hustle through the town of Oravue to reach it in time to register for the upcoming melee.
 Oravue was a good sized city, with paved roads winding up and down the sides of the hill that the town was built on.

 help92m thinking0m, "He’s92m coming0m,92m a0m92m keep0m going" or 92m"0mI can'
-
It’s part of a larger thing, you know?
 Part of a grander scale, if you will.
 I’m writing like a madman, now, it’s all good, it’s gonna come out alright.
 CM: 	Uh, let’s see.
 When you write do you just sit down with the guitar?
 Or do the lyrics come first?
 BG:  	Have we already talked about this?
 Why does this sound familiar?
 Maybe I’m deja vuing.
 Anyway, I do it both ways.

92m comes0m first, the guitar, lyrics to the92m guitar0m. In the92m same0m voice92m there0m92m,0m a certain line
-
I was stronger than him, but I didn’t resist his pull as he spoke.
 “Don’t go.” I smiled.
 “I will return tomorrow.
 Early.” “No,” he said, flush with emotion.
 “I don’t ever want you to go.” I laughed and he drew me closer.
 “Stay with me.” I started to pull away and he reached up, placing his hands on either side of my face, feverish now.
 “Marry me, Lizzy.” I had long since gotten used to the name, but I wasn’t sure he was talking to me at first.
 It seemed ridiculous.
 I stopped myself from laughing, knowing from previous experience this would hurt him.
 I had come to realize he didn’t know what I was.

ng herself, that he was trying92m to0m92m speak0m to me92m just0m his friend92m.0m I told him that was92m ridiculous0m
-
All the courage he could muster failed to move Jeremiah forward.
 He watched the raging warrior butcher friend after friend, so many having never seen their eighteenth winter.
 Harruq tore a neck open, punctured the same man three times, and then gutted another who had closed the distance.
 The man died after his final slash passed an inch from the half-orc’s skin.
 “Come on,” Jeremiah said to himself.
 “Hang it all, come on!”
 The half-orc held both swords out wide and roared at the remaining three facing him.
 When they held their ground, Jeremiah could bear the sight no more.
 He charged, screaming the cry of one expecting to die.
 He did not get far though, for a sharp burning pain enveloped his wrist.

orce followed Parhur, setting92m the0m land92m on0m the92m cover0m92m of0m boulders before the92m birds0mong of birds
-
He was sitting forward on the bench next to me and when I jerked up in surprise, it put us too close.
 I tottered and he steadied me, but didn’t move away.
 He leaned closer.
 “You smell… like morning.” I bit my lip, heat rising up my neck, but he lingered, breathing in the scent.
 “Ruby,” I said.
 He looked confused.
 “Soap.” I had been reduced to one-word sentences.
 “Oh.” He nodded, leaning back.
 “She does have a way with potions and such.” “I enjoy the mixing,” Ruby said, startling me again as she entered the house.
 “But not to worry, I keep it contained to elements and minerals, no breeding.

r stuff92m,0m after all92m.0m92m”0m She made92m her0m way92m to0m the group, altering. “This is
-
"I hope this doesn't stain."
 "I'll soak it tonight and wash it tomorrow," Marie told him.
 Teri looked from Rick to Marie.
 "He has you doing his laundry?"
 Marie blushed.
 "I-I just .
 .
 .
 I mean, I'll do his shirt with my laundry.
 In-in case he doesn't get around to doing it himself right away."

 "is a real deal," Rick assured92m her0m. "92mJust0m the92m $0m 50092m,0m92m experts0m
-
Or do you need more time?
 Johnny – I was born ready.
 Let’s get started.
 Eugene – Alright, let’s get going.
 Are you sure you don’t need more time to prepare?
 I’m in no hurry.
 Johnny – Let’s play.
 Eugene – Okay!
 Uh-oh!
 Johnny – What’s wrong?

. Eugene –92m For0m the test testing, I didn’92mt0m92m get0m any results92m in0m92m Eugene0m
-
My breathing started coming faster, exceeded only by the pace of my heart.
 Apparently I wasn't the only one who could tell that working with me wasn't what the school's resident rock star had in mind.
 There was a scattered chorus of badly stifled giggles off to the front of the class.
 Not the normal kind people use when they're amused, but the high-pitched ones girls use to embarrass each other.
 Alec's face unexpectedly softened for a moment, his expression still unwelcoming, but now mixed with a trace of something else.
 While I was busy trying to understand the sudden change, Mrs. Alexander looked at the front of the class with a frown on her face for a moment.
 I suddenly realized that she knew the difference between the two kinds of giggles.
 That was unusual in someone so old.
 The younger teachers usually kept the girls from being too awful to each other, but the old guard didn't really catch the subtle differences high-school girls used to emotionally traumatize each other.
 Her kindly face taking on a stern cast, Mrs. Alexander turned back to Alec.

 a large drop of bottle92m pomp0mad92m,0m92m The0m residue92m in0m the disappointed skirt before92m daughter0m-in-law'
-
“You know how you asked for my name before?
 I can tell you now,” she said.
 “Actually, I can tell you a lot.” “Great, I’m all ears.” She laughed.
 “My name is June and like you, I was once a full human.” “You’re a half-ling?” I asked in amazement.
 “I was a half-ling.,” June corrected me.
 “I’m dead now.
 But I can still speak to you because you have to complete the job I did before with my friends.” “Wow, back up a second,” I said quickly.
 “You’re dead?” She tapped her foot impatiently.
 “Do you know how long ago I defeated Kojas?
 It must have been over one hundred years ago.” “Wow, that was a long time ago,” I said.

ittle confused92m.0m92m Just0m a coincidence.” 92m"0m92mIf0m I will, we92m need0m to finish this
-
Five 45s for $1, and you could only see the top one.
 And it would be something halfway tempting, some Jerry Lee or The Cascades.
 But the others were groups you’d never heard of.
 But, that didn’t matter to me.
 I listened to everything.
 At that time everything was equal—my taste was still developing.
 So I was indiscriminately borrowing from everywhere, from any 45 that came across my little portable spinner, it was all equal, you know, it was all music, Lee Hazlewood or Howlin’ Wolf or Roy Orbison or Serge Gainsbourg.
 I remember I had this Terry Callier 45, “Look at me Now,” and I thought it was every bit as good as “Rock Around the Clock” or the Sun stuff or “Lemon Tree”—(laughs)—I didn’t know, man,  I mean it all seemed good to me.
 And I taught myself to play it all.
 CM:  	This was what year?

10m? CA:92m After0m I found the Terry Callier 4592m 0m(197192m)0m they92m had0m one
-
When the bell finally released us from an analysis of Heathcliff's early depravity, Britney asked what my next class was.
 She was elated to find we were both headed to Algebra.
 As we trailed the other students out of the class, I wasn't so sure I was equally enthused.
 Nobody had said anything to either of us.
 It was starting to look like Britney was receiving just as much of a cold shoulder as I was.
 And she'd been here an entire year.
 It was bad enough not fitting in because you preferred your own company over that of your peers.
 It sucked a lot more when you didn't have a choice.
 I tried to amuse myself by people-watching with the half of my mind that wasn't paying attention to Britney's chatter as we went back to our lockers.
 We passed one of those gorgeous, skinny redheads who always look good without looking like they spent much time in front of the mirror, then Britney exchanged smiles with a couple of artificial blondes.

eye blonde was yet another92m welcome0m92m addition0m to the class,92m one0m of92m the0m trash looked more like she92m was0m
-
Though I think she’s gone off in her own direction.
 There’s a cartoonist’s simplicity there, those lines, that is both childlike and very sophisticated.
 CM:  	Does she show her stuff?
 BG:  	Shit, I’m lucky if she shows me.
 Once I told her she was like Twombly but with a better sense of humor.
 She sulked for a week.
 Don’t really know why.
 So, I just tell her, man, I love this.
 You know, artists—
 CM: 	Here she is now.

d. wants to please. out and out92m again0m.92m<eop>0m 92mBG0m: At Julberry92m,0m92m she0m started
-
Are you high right now?” Spittle lands on his face; he blinks but does not flinch.
 “Bryce, go search your brother’s room.
 Now!” Brandon stood up to leave, but Harry stood up from his dining room chair and went towards him and so did Lisa.
 They asked Brandon to sit back down on the overstuffed chair and he did.
 “He won’t find anything in there,” Brandon mumbled.
 A few minutes later, Bryce rounded the corner into the room with his arms outstretched cupping the Oxy and foil he found inside CD cases.
 I had never even thought to check there.
 Brandon stood up.
 Bryce glared into Brandon’s eyes, and in the room’s dead silence Bryce laid the drugs and the burned black-sketched foil on the counter like it was a dead animal.
 I stood in front of Brandon, looking slightly up at him, as he is taller than me.

bled92m.0m Brandon sat, over92m which0m92mHarry0m and Lisa were engaged in incessant92m conversation0m over the course92m of0m
-
"Actually, neither.
 We weren't close when there was an opportunity for closeness, and now that I'd like very few things more than to be close to him, there's no real opportunity for us to become so."
 She patted my hand as she shrugged.
 "It's rather ironic how things work out sometimes, but that's not fair on my part.
 I'm sure there are things you would much rather learn of than how I came to be in my present circumstances."
 "Actually, that's part of what I want to understand.
 I mean I didn't come here wanting to learn your story specifically, but there's so much history I don't know.
 There's this shared past that I'm not a part of.
 It's like, oh, I don't know, I think maybe learning about the past will help me understand what's going on right now."
 Mallory's sigh seemed to allude to every one of her presumably substantial years.

92m you0m fully enjoyed Fang92m the0m92m the0m92mo0m? You can play92m it0m all. Good luck!<eop><eod>
-
Every hair on Rodregas’ body stood at attention.
 Then the blue flaming energy was sucked into the pale green circle.
 There the prisoner, now empty of his own essence, stood still.
 As the blue fire was sucked into his body, the corporal body suddenly seemed more solid than before.
 Once more Ravenhurr yelled out in his melodious voice the trigger words for the next part of the ritual, “Mana faria podia ricoria.” It was now or never for Rodregas to strike.
 Rodregas raised his arm up and threw his club forward with all his strength.
 There was no time to see if his club hit Junnit or if the half AElfin maiden ran.
 Rodregas half ran and half jumped to the next circle, where Ravenhurr stood with raised arms.
 Ravenhurr was focused on his inner magic and was not prepared for his own guards’ sudden action.
 Rodregas grabbed Ravenhurr’s arm and his belt, and using his weight and momentum against Ravenhurr, threw him bodily into the circle of colorful crystals where the half AElf maiden had stood moments ago.

e92m circle0m and92m Raven0mhurr screamed!<eop> At92m that0m moment there92m were0m two more sparks in92m the0m
-
Johnny – Maybe he wasn’t serious about wanting to be adopted.
 Jim – I think he was very serious about being adopted by us.
 Johnny – I know.
 I wish there was some way to help him.
 Jim – Yeah I…Wait, did I just hear you correctly?
 Johnny – What do you mean?
 Jim – That you wanted to help Gene out?
 Johnny – Why shouldn’t I?
 Gene is my friend.
 Jim – Just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly.

verybody92m is0m my friend92m.0m Jim92m 0m– Don’t you92m agree0m, right?92m I0m haven’t
-
We spent the next several hours there in the meadow, sculpting my craft.
 The exercises grew increasingly more difficult, but it seemed Chevelle was only toying with me.
 He must have had experience with fire magic; the flames he produced behaved like an obedient dog.
 Mine, on the other hand, were about as compliant as a wet cat.
 Exhausted by the day’s work, I began to sway a bit.
 Chevelle led me to the base of an old willow tree and I slumped against the trunk, sliding down to lie on my back.
 Chevelle reclined against the tree, his legs coming to rest just above my head in the soft grass.
 I gazed through the immense mass of leaves and branches overhead and breathed deeply.
 I felt the need to explain the welt, and my eyes rose toward him as I lightly touched my cheek.
 “I was searching for my mother’s things…” He didn’t respond, staring straight out into the meadow, so I returned to watching the canopy of leaves.

er the92m will0mow tree. Chevelle92m and0m I ran their hands over the92m intricate0m92ms0m of tucked92m into0m tiny
-
When one behaved, the other raised hell.
 Everything one gets, the other wants.
 And so on.
 (Read Mark Twain’s Roughing It to learn how this plays out in large Mormon families.)
 I told Pam one kid would be plenty for me and suggested that even the one could wait until after I had rested for a couple years from raising Darcy and Cody, who by now were adults so admirable that just thinking about them often made me glow.
 Several of my friends with grown kids had married younger women and right away gotten snipped, but I couldn’t deny Pam the experience of being a mother, knowing I might’ve remained a loveless semi-zombie without Darcy and Cody.
 But neither was I going to insist that she have one.
 As far as I could tell, Pam wanted a career more than a baby.
 She wanted to teach at a college.
 In first grade, she had decided to become a teacher.

might not far impossible. Pam liked92m part0m-92mall0m and kept going to turn to92m two0m92m news0m92m every0m month
-
“No!” he screamed, flinging himself to his knees.
 He drew his swords and flung them aside, not daring to have their touch near him just then.
 Velixar’s voice throbbed in his ears, a chant of promises and loyalty.
 “Deny the gift,” Aurelia said, the faintest hint of magic on her fingertips.
 “Give me some shred of hope.”
 He closed his eyes.
 Tears trickled down his face.
 He felt the anger growing inside him, but he forced it down.
 In his mind’s eye, he saw Velixar.
 The old prophet warned of death, retribution, and pain, but Harruq silenced him.

presentruq had such beauty92m.0m92m Near0mest passes in, purple92m and0m dying92m,0m Kash92mimov0ma,
-
Substantive measures are needed to strengthen the UN’s capabilities to handle crises.
 First and foremost, the position of the Secretary General, who now has the diplomatic status equal to that of a prime minister of a member state, should be upgraded to that of a head of state, with full authority over the forces placed under his command by member states to carry out the decisions of the Security Council.
 Problems of control over the armed forces of member states argue for the constitution of a standing international military force, as described in the previous section of this report.
 Lesser measures can be implemented immediately, such as provision of appropriate training to UN Secretariat personnel responsible for conflict prevention, expanding the staff of the Department of Political Affairs, and establishment by the UN of its own independent international surveillance capability, including a satellite system to monitor its work worldwide.
 Meanwhile, advanced computer, satellite and communications technology should be made available to the Secretariat by member states.
 A comprehensive system is needed to monitor military movements.
 Through its resident representatives, the UN should openly monitor political, ethnic, nationalist and religious developments that increasingly lie at the heart of conflicts in order to understand the complexities of local events and to anticipate potential turbulence.
 The right to sovereignty should not include the freedom to privacy in cases which involve support for terrorist groups, instigating border conflicts, arms build-ups, torture and genocide.
 In addition to the role of the UN in consensus fact-finding, it must also acquire the jurisdiction to order fact-finding missions relating to both domestic and regional conflicts in which this type of violation is suspected.
 Cessation of violence and conflict settlement often leave unresolved the root causes of conflict, resulting in potential for renewed fighting or social turbulence.

e purpose92m of0m92m its0m agenda, every member of its fact92m-0mfinding team should have long92m-0mstanding92m ethnic0m relations
-
She lived in 1927.
 She was going back.
 Then she'd be able to talk to her mother about any confusing feelings that might linger.
 She put on her Egyptian-motif dress, her ugly black shoes, and even her 1927 underwear.
 Rick, thankfully, was in his own shower when she went downstairs and out to the garden.
 She didn't really think she'd be able to get back on a clear, bright afternoon, but she needed to put herself closer, emotionally at least, to home.
 "Marie?"
 Rick called as he searched the house for her.
 She wasn't in the living room or kitchen.
 He went upstairs and looked in her bedroom.

evidence to in the search92m home0m92m,0m he92m noted0m, as he turned the92m turning0m it on the92m rotary0m phone
-
But the victory has been partial and neither the challenge nor the opportunity which food presents have been fully addressed.
 It is of crucial importance not only to the poor, but also to the peace and stability of global society that we complete the task of banishing famine and hunger once and for all.
 Hunger anywhere threatens peace everywhere.
 Hunger leads to political instability, social unrest, massive migrations, rebellions, civil war, crime and violence.
 Prosperity, which eliminates hunger, also tends to eliminate violence.
 Even in war-ravaged Africa, experience shows that where food is plentiful, war is avoided.
 The converse is also true.
 Historically, war and civil strife have been the single greatest cause of famines.
 In addition to destroying crops and food supplies, it disrupts food distribution through the use of sieges and blockades.
 In the past decade, war has had a greater impact on food supplies in Africa, particularly the Sahelian region, than have the severe droughts that periodically plague the continent.

 of drought and famines remain largely unknown92m.0m92m It0m was,92m until0m today, that the92m largest0m cause92m of0m
-
“Why are you keeping a secret from me?” I repeated, my voice as cold as an icicle.
 Seth didn’t answer me, instead he did the most cowardly and annoying thing you can do.
 The idiot ran off.
 Seth pushed himself up at a surprising speed and raced off into the woods.
 I did the crazy thing that people like me would do and followed him.
 I looked over my shoulder to see if Emily and Jason were coming but both of them stared at me, baffled.
 Their faces disappeared as I was swallowed by the trees.
 I skidded to a halt and scanned the trees.
 I didn’t see any trace of where Seth could have ran.
 That shows how much I know about asking questions.

2m felt0m92m pounding0m. I felt as cold as an92m 0micicle. I tried to hide92m in0m the92m darkness0m
-
She didn't know anybody who'd been widowed three times.
 Before her eyes, the scene changed completely.
 A man was in the shower, and someone was singing.
 There were quick images of a woman in the shower, then a little girl, now the mother was wrapping a towel about herself, now she was toweling the girl's hair .
 .
 .
 Marie tore her eyes from the picture to stare at Rick.
 "What is that?"
 "What?
 The commercial?

 "What?92m"0m92m Marie0m had seen BET92m a0m time before92m,0m92m probably0m in a dream.
-
It would have been like putting your finger in a dike, with the Great Mississippi behind it.
 And I even wrote a couple numbers, crude things, but I still remember ‘em, I can still play ‘em.
 “Caterpillar Blues.” “The Bookseller’s Beautiful Daughter.” “Idlewild Playground Blues.” (laughs) It was all a gas.
 In a way, man, that was my best period as a musician, when I was a sprout, playing my little man blues, all alone, without a care in the world except to make music.
 And have it remake me.
 CM:  	What do you mean?
 BG:  	Well, I was a weeny kid, you know?
 There was only one thing you could be when a boy in that decade and that was tough.
 Everything else was weeny.
 I wasn’t tough.

ls92m and0m family,92m it0m was92m still0m alwaysy. And life ready92m.0m92m to0m play a wirag
-
What could be more god damn mother fucking awful than that?
 Huh?
 Eugene – She could have beaten you as well.
 Johnny – Really?
 You’re one to talk, mom always treated you better than she treated me.
 What do you know about it you spaz?
 You haven’t even lived with your family for years now.
 Eugene – Fredric beat me.
 At first he just yelled at me, and beat mom.
 Then after mom disappeared he turned his full wrath to me.

m all0m those years ago Johnny read92m what0m92m older0m cousin92m under0m92m of0m her blue eyes. Eugene – And when
-
*** Emily was seriously freaking out.
 Jason and her had run the whole length of the plain and found a giant hole in the ground on the way.
 Yes, a giant hole.
 It sounded crazy to Emily but her eyes didn’t lie.
 And what made it worse was Jason found one of Jazell’s arrows sticking out of the ground.
 But there was no Jazell.
 An arrow without its shooter was never a good sign.
 Emily twirled the arrow in her fingers while Jason paced back and forth.
 Emily had offered to be the one who paced but Jason had waved away her offer and started pacing.
 So all Emily could do was sit there and twirl the arrow in fear because right now it wasn’t looking good for Jazell and Seth.

hen listening to Jasonisa she figured the only92m way0m they92m could0m tell Seth92m and0m then92m she0m would be92m about0m their
-
“You could be a bit kinder, you know.”
 “At least you’re awake,” Qurrah said back.
 “Now get to the castle.
 I may not approve, and I still don’t trust them, but for once we might have something worthwhile to eat.
 I won’t let a simple thing like sleep keep us from it.”
 * Chapter 2 Chapter 2{{{1 2
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Months later, Harruq awoke at the dawn, jerking upward and uttering a sharp gasp.
 A constant cry of danger rang in his ears.

 desperation0m,92m he0m found himself92m at0m a place92m that0m the young woman had had not seen in years or92m so0m
-
It's just more dominance games."
 I nodded.
 It made sense, but it was all I could do to keep my eyes grounded despite the cold prickles running up and down my spine.
 Actual conversation was just too much, so I sat quietly with my head slightly bowed while the song ran its course.
 Alec's fingers gently pulled my chin up as the music ended.
 "Dance with me?"
 I mustered a brave smile as I nodded and let him lead me out onto the dance floor.
 It was a slow song this time, and Alec didn't protest when I abandoned all pretense of actual dancing, and just leaned into him hungrily.
 The reassurance I was seeking was weaker than normal.
 The solid feel of his body was just as permanent as always, but there was no tingle where our skin touched.

d92m harder0m I pounded until I reached my spot on the dance floor92m.0m92m Alec0m was quite strong92m,0m92m and0m I
-
He was like a sick animal and we just tried to keep fluids in him and listen to the doctors who guided our effort.
 After the initial detox period, we used professional grade drug tests and surprised him with them.
 He always had an excuse for why he couldn’t pee.
 I would hand him a bottle of water and tell him I would wait.
 He was never truly clean.
 When he slept, I went into the bedroom to see if his chest was inflating with air to assure me he was still alive.
 It reminded me of when our boys were babies and sometimes we would check on them in the night or as they napped and we never left the room until we verified they were breathing just because that is what a parent does.
 Chapter 15: Happy Frickin’ Holidays!
 As Thanksgiving approached, our traditions looked impossible to pull off.
 We were evasive when we called my wife’s parents to tell them not to come to our house as they usually did.

utely adamant we would never hear92m them0m92m them0m. When he92m asked0m if92m she0m called him92m by0m name or if she
-
Ruby whirled into the room and grabbed me around the waist from behind, spinning me up, over the back of the seat, and through her door before I could process what was happening.
 She plopped me down in the center of her bed and swung around to sit in front of me.
 My head was reeling from the spin as she smiled at me, waving her hands and bringing a plethora of bottles and canisters flying toward us to drop on the bed.
 I thought with disappointment that I hadn’t responded to her attack as Chevelle had taught me and laughed at the image in my head.
 Ruby gave me a genuine smile as she began twisting the lid on a small metal canister.
 “No mother to teach us the tricks of the trade,” she sighed as she leaned in.
 I jerked away from her, wanting to be angry about the comment.
 But Ruby had just told me her own story, no less tragic.
 She mistook my reaction.
 “Oh, don’t be silly.

nces,92m I0m thought with my92m pulse0m,92m but0m all this drama had occurred during this twist. “92mWhen0m I92m have0m
-
It worked!
 Clearly his opponent, though set for a heavy blow, was not expecting the strength of Rodregas’ bash.
 Still his opponent was too good to fall, even when surprised.
 And even as he half fell backwards he used the momentum to slide down and try to land a blow low under the shield.
 Rodregas had both quickness and strength on his side.
 He blocked the blow with his sword and then bashed down quick and hard multiple times with his shield.
 He thought he heard a bone break.
 Rodregas paused and the knight signaled him as victor with a finger to the Heavens.
 Rodregas followed this pattern throughout the day.
 He kept using his sword more to block than to attack and kept using his shield offensively.

t lost92m this0m guy: continu92mance0m92m and0m punching! Rod92mre0mgas bounded up92m from0m the mountain
-
Art – You’re a lunatic aren’t you?
 I never really would have guessed until that last comment of yours.
 I know a lot of religious people and most of them are fairly accepting of other people’s beliefs.
 They usually don’t try to scare people into line.
 Well anyways go ahead and pray, I doubt that it will do much good, but whatever, have fun with praying for my soul and so forth.
 Oh, while you’re at it, pray for my dog’s soul, I don’t think he believes in Jesus either.
 Ned – I will pray for you, and I will have my church pray for you as well.
 You are truly lost, but God hasn’t given up yet.
 Now I see why I was compelled to come to this sinful affair.
 Have faith, obviously He has not forgotten you, and is even now trying to reach out.

ure prescience,92m but0m there is also a good reason to92m believe0m in92m.0m George 92m–0m92m I0m would
-
I think that’s when I started leaving Memphis.
 In a way.
 That’s when I got kind of a big head and dreamt of things beyond.
 I certainly had left Central High School, left my friends, my girlfriends.
 Even before we cut the album.
 Tennessee planted that seed, man.
 I mean, I loved the guy, but I saw where he was, where he’d always been, how he’d been treated like a second class citizen his whole life—I mean, we couldn’t even go into some restaurants together, still, at that late date.
 And, metaphorically, I started packing my bags.
 CM: 	Yet you stayed in school, didn’t you?
 BG:  	Yeah.

n92m.0m92m Tennessee0m planted92m that0m seed92m,0m too92m.0m But I didn’t want to have the opportunity to
-
It wasn't the best lunch he could offer a guest from the 1920s, but it was the only thing he could think of to prepare in the microwave.
 Marie seemed fascinated by it.
 "Lasagna in ten minutes.
 Incredible."
 She touched a forkful to her tongue, finding that it was too hot.
 She blew it and then tasted it.
 "Delicious."
 "Not really.
 But I'll make you a good dinner."
 She enjoyed her lunch, the conversation as well as the food.

s92m were0m92m falling0m92m covered0m them becominging and sitting92m down0m for her. "Good dinner?92m"0m<eop> It
-
She'd pressed it a little too hard and then, panicking, stepped hard on the brake.
 "I'm sorry."
 She bit her lower lip.
 "It's OK.  We have this whole parking lot--you can't hurt anything.
 Just relax and take your time."
 It took a while for her to get the hang of it, but an hour or so later, she was cruising around the parking lot, making reasonably smooth starts and stops.
 Rick was glad to see that her initial difficulties had made her cautious.
 That should curb her excitement when she got out on the road.
 They drove a little the next day, and Monday Rick picked up a booklet at the DMV.
 Marie spent all day Tuesday studying it and was sure that she could pass the test.

92m of0m her test failed scarcely nearly matched her92m driving0m ability. "I92m had0m92m to0m do a92m little0m quick
-
Early as it was, I decided to take the long way to town, meandering through the fields and thinking of all that had passed in the last days, until I reached a patch of weeds that reminded me of Evelyn’s taunting.
 I felt a momentary spasm in the pit of my stomach at the thought of her choking.
 And then I remembered growing the weeds in the garden and I was suddenly in a rush to get to Junnie’s.
 I rapped our special knock, and in a heartbeat, Junnie was opening the door.
 “Morning, Freylina.
 Early start today?” My voice was determined.
 “Yes, I want to practice growing.” She glanced at the pendant against my chest.
 She was silent for a moment as she looked into my eyes, almost searching.
 She was probably worried I was sad or missing my mother.
 “Not today.

 the month.92m Just0m give it your92m own0m time,92m Mer0mle. If you don’92mt0m find92m it0m
-
I slumped into the empty chair next to Rachel and tried to concentrate on my breathing.
 Maybe I could lessen its impact, somehow have a mini-attack that made my mind blank out, but left me enough control over my body to remain seated in the chair.
 Rachel grabbed my arm, disrupting my concentration.
 "Are you okay?
 What's going on?"
 She had a cell phone out, partially hidden by her desk.
 Part of me wondered why I'd never seen her with a phone before.
 Most girls walked around looking like they'd had some experimental surgery that created a two-way graft between their phone, their hand, and their ear.
 It didn't really matter though.
 Cell phone or not, the biggest part of me was already floating away to somewhere safe.

. I scanned92m the0m English section, hoping to meet92m Rachel0m.92m Later0m92m.0m I92m was0m. found that powered
-
She must be adventurous.
 Is she here?
 I’d like to meet a woman like that, she must be very interesting.
 Art – Sorry, she isn’t here.
 Last I heard, she was on her way to a convent in Switzerland.
 At least that is what she said in the letter.
 Karen – Oh my god…
 Art – That was right after she told myself and our two sons that we were evil sinners and that we were going to hell.
 That and she hated us for tainting her so.
 Karen – I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…

. That92m is0m all92m she0m had to say. Art92m 0m92m–0m Following wasn all92m my0m purposes, I truly won
-
And, finally, after I had already turned back into an awkward 12 year old, she said, sorry, I can’t be doing that.
 That was it.
 That was her explanation.
 I never saw that chick again, I can tell you.
 I mean, I got out of there fast and tried to restabilize my pride, and I just thought, well, fuck it, I don’t know what that was all about, I don’t pretend to understand what that was all about.
 So, anyway, that inspired this song—actually, Lor and I talking about that incident inspired that song.
 The line “she was going through her midtown period/there was blood in the air” is mostly Lor’s.
 CM:  	That’s quite a story.
 Ok, that leaves “Goodbye to the Shell,” maybe one of your most controversial songs, one that some folks back in Memphis didn’t take too kindly to, one that is perhaps misunderstood.
 Can you clear it up any?

ay, I don92m’0m92mt0m92m know0m what it92m could0m be, I92m don0m’t think there
-
Only Lor knows this.
 I went into seclusion, I hid from the world, man.
 And, really, I think, that was the end of Black Lung.
 My black period, my darkest days.
 Lor and I rented a cabin up on the White River and we just hid away.
 I didn’t write a fucking thing, didn’t even read the newspapers.
 I don’t mean to imply that I could have done something, that I had any more power than the Pope or The Beatles or, you know, fucking McNamara.
 I mean, though, that I wanted to know, I wanted to understand.
 I wanted the information that Walter Cronkite or Eric Sevareid had, the insider stuff, so that I wasn’t just up there entertaining the fuel for the fire, you know, like the orchestras that played as the Jews were led into the ovens.
 I started to feel like that, that I was a chimp, a dancing fool.

acting like a hack92m or0m something92m like0m usual,92m like0m Henry, a god, no 92m–0m92m I0m just
-
She slid the false wall back in place and grabbed my arm again, our heavy cloaks moving like shadows as we ran from the village.
 We didn’t go far before she stopped and jerked me into a squat beside her.
 There was movement a brief distance ahead, a rabbit weaving from the cover of one rock to the next.
 As I watched, a stick shot from the ground and speared the animal through the chest, killing it instantly.
 I gasped.
 Ruby giggled at me.
 She grabbed her quarry and we rushed back to the house.
 We went to the main room and she started a fire as she easily skinned and gutted the animal.
 The entrails went into an urn beside the fire and I wondered what she used them for before remembering all the containers on her bedroom shelf with a shudder.
 She stretched the pelt to dry while the meat cooked.

t inside the barrel held a92m metal0m object92m that0m92m looked0m like a million92m dollars0m. The I92m saw0m pierced,,
-
CHAPTER SEVEN
 In spite of her lack of sleep, Marie awoke early the next morning.
 She couldn't wait to go to the shore.
 After her walk through the garden, Rick wanted to go back to bed for a while, but she begged him to leave right away.
 Excitedly she put on her bathing suit, glad that there was no full-length mirror in her room.
 Rick had assured her that her bathing suit was very modest for 2011, but she still felt apprehensive as she stepped into the hall.
 "Rick!
 Are you ready?"
 "Just a second."
 He came out moments later in shorts and a shirt.

2m nearby0m92m the0m spilling apples of92m autumn0m greens.92m He0m turned around, revealing to Nikki before92m they0m was Jon
-
Another arrow struck an inch from his left foot.
 His leg was aflame, yet he continued to charge, pulling back his shield so his sword could lash out.
 But the elf was not close enough, and he was more skilled with a bow than in just firing arrows.
 He snapped the wood up, cracking Antonil across the bottom of his hand, which held firm to his blade.
 Undaunted, the elf stepped closer, ducked underneath the guard captain’s return swing, and then kicked at the arrow still lodged in his shin, finally making Antonil drop his blade.
 The elf stood, drawing an arrow as he did.
 Antonil, now lying on the ground, struggled to bring his shield over his chest.
 Part of it caught beneath his side and would not come.
 He would not be able to block in time.
 A loud wooden crash stole away the elf’s focus.

wn from beside the guard92m captain0m92m Anton0mil looked frantically at Kur92mko0m and Olga92m,0m who were already bound92m in0m
-
Rodregas put his back to it and drew his two short swords and then did the most difficult thing he could do in this situation.
 He looked at Doi’van and not at the caravan.
 There was no need for both of them to be peeking around the trees at the caravan, though he desperately wanted to get a good look at the caravan to establish their odds.
 The dice had been rolled.
 Rodregas had been learning to trust Doi’van and knew his life was now in Doi’van hands.
 If Imeralda had missed something critical and they should not attack, it was for Doi’van to catch.
 Rodregas watched Doi’van, watched for him to raise the bow and start the fight.
 When the guards charged in to stop the shooting, then it would be his turn to strike.
 Rodregas would have to take on as many of the slavers and guards as possible.
 It would do little good to get caught up in a one-on-one battle; the odds were too many against them.

int where it was useless92m if0m92m they0m could92m do0m. If they once92m did0m92m escape0m Imeralda,
-
I relaxed onto the bed, just as Ruby did the same beside me.
 We stared at her ceiling unspeaking for an immeasurable amount of time.
 I rolled on my side toward her, dimly irritated she’d poisoned me again.
 Though it was much less severe this time.
 I was simply enveloped in tranquility.
 “Ruby…” Her curls had tumbled back and my complaint fell short as I was distracted by her ears.
 “Hmm?” she answered.
 I reached up to feel my own ears as I considered hers.
 I had always hidden mine behind hair, never braiding it back or putting it up to expose them.
 Not that I could have pulled off the intricate braiding and designs of the other elves.

I was it more than just92m enough0m92m to0m pull92m my0m head off back just put it in92m a0m92m beautiful0m braid.
-
I know that Davis--" "Don't be sorry.
 I just want you to be happy, darling."
 Marie was too stunned for a moment to move.
 Finally she walked into her father's embrace, glancing at her mother, who simply smiled at her.
 Apparently she'd prepared her father and brother well.
 They decided to leave for Cape Cod two weeks from Friday.
 Marie thought about the bathing suit Rick had bought her.
 Her father would kill her if he ever saw her in such a thing, she mused with a smile.
 "What are you smiling about?"
 John asked her.

es? Where92m are0m your clothes92m?0m92m A0m92m Marie0m gazed she grim92ma0m together. It was her table. John
-
Nor can there be long-term prospects for development when the environment is pillaged and the rights of future generations ignored.
 Finally, growth which is not accompanied by the improve ment of the social fabric of society will be only a hollow shell.
 For economic and social development to take place, it is important to promote the expansion of employment opportunities, the improvement of educational and health networks, support for the role of women in development and the pursuit of equality between the sexes.
 A hitherto ignored dimension of the development challenge is democratization: what I have chosen to call political development.
 There have been cases where development was accompanied by an authoritarian political system.
 But we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.
 Political, economic and social development must be closely related, mutually supportive, deriving sustenance from one another.
 Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization these are the goals of the United Nations.
 The United Nations has, over the years, devoted great time and attention to the issues before the Commission on Peace and Food.
 In the research, analysis, debate, consensus-building and actual operational activities of the United Nations System, the issues of peace, develop ment and democratization have been at the forefront.

ognized this92m fact0m,92m the0m92m practices0m of co-92moperation0m, signing of guarantee for cooperation have been integrated92m into0m the
-
I pounced on top of him and socked him again, before he caught hold and flipped me, lashed my arm behind my back and shoved my face into the floor.
 “Listen,” he said, without a hint of condemnation, “you’re not really mad at me.
 You’re mad at yourself, because you think you’re nobody, but you’ve got it all wrong.
 It doesn’t matter if I wrestle better.
 Wrestling’s my sport.
 What if you and I were playing golf or baseball and you clobbered one out of sight, but I hit this little dribbler, then started whining?
 “If Karen doesn’t like you enough, that doesn’t matter either.
 Because you’re as great as anybody.
 You’re Ken Kuhlken, and that’s all you need to be.
 You don’t need to prove anything.” When he let go, I jumped up, ran into the bathroom, and washed my face.

hing out through his nose as92m much0m92m as0m I92m noticed0m the rest of his voice came with a different92m pitch0m92m of0m
-
What kind of person would trade their child?
 But now that I am older, I see.
 I see what power and greed can become.
 My doubts about the more outlandish stories, those about the obsession with power and ideas of breeding a stronger line, are gone.
 But maybe they were in love.
 Maybe she was impressed by his station, maybe she had her own ambitions.
 Or maybe she lived a nightmare and only hung on so long for her children.
 I was able to piece together some things about her life.
 She didn’t go into much detail about the magic, which I would have found useful, just that she practiced often and was apparently unusually talented.
 But she did tell more about her duties in the castle.

 general0m knew that92m she0m was licensed92m for0m going92m to0m the Winter Palace to become a92m servant0m and for
-
“Such speed,” Qurrah said.
 “How?”
 “They are the Ekreissar,” Velixar answered.
 “The Quellan elite are the only ones capable of raising and flying the winged horses.
 When they fly in, stay low, and aim your spells for their horses.
 The rider will die from the fall.”
 The man in black closed his eyes and spoke to the undead surrounding them.
 “Hide our presence,” he ordered.
 “Spread about, and do not halt your movement for all eternity.”
 The two thousand obeyed, scattering in a constantly moving jumble of arms and legs.

atures92m fell0m.92m A0m man92m in0m black stood92m facing0m us,92m facing0m two thousand. The man closed black eyes
-
Art – Time heals all wounds.
 I just wish it didn’t take so long to do it.
 Jim – (Nods agreement)
 Art – I’m going to go back up and spend some time with Karen and Elizabeth.
 Jim – I’ll be here.
 Art Exits and after a couple minutes Jim goes back to reading his comic
 
 ﻿FREY Melissa Wright Copyright 2015 by Melissa Wright Smashwords Edition
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.

s agreement) All sales92m and0m purchases92m will0m be paid in for92m a0m retail92m outlet0m in Portland,
-
"Mom, I'll be fine.
 Just think of it as an extended hike.
 You'll even have cell phone coverage, so you can check in with me as often as you want."
 At least I hoped we'd be able to arrange that somehow.
 "As for the brochure, you've got scads of great shots already.
 Maybe if you call up Mr. Peters you'll be able to work something out."
 Actually I was positive Mr. Peters would be amiable to the idea.
 At least he would be if Alec had remembered to work whatever magic he'd used on the Mayor the first time.
 Of course it was possible he'd forgotten to make the arrangements, but somehow I doubted it.
 Mom looked like she was starting to waver.

s hardly increasingly kind92m of0m person who wanted to92m get0m back92m into0m her PG phase, she92m seemed0m92m seem0m
-
“Ah, I see the three of you are all together and far away from the others, how convenient for me.” Van’dret casually reached out toward the side wall and they could vaguely hear him mumble a few words.
 A second later the sound of doors slamming and bolts and locks sliding closed echoed from every direction.
 “I hope you don’t mind, but I don’t think I want to be interrupted.” Rodregas reached for his sword, but found he did not have one.
 He froze for but a second, unsure of what to do.
 Then Van’dret spit on the ground and spoke a guttural sound.
 Suddenly Rodregas’ and the others’ feet were stuck to the ground, and no matter how hard they pulled their feet would not move.
 “You know there is a reason that the Immortalist Sorcerers rule this land.
 I have a few questions for you though before I leave your dried up husks behind for the rats.” Rodregas growled to himself and pulled the only weapon he had, a small dagger, out and threw it hard straight at Van’dret.
 A second dagger flew almost in the same heart beat from Doi’van.
 The sorcerer simply waved in the air and both daggers flew to the side and clattered off the wall.

ne tumbled92m across0m the large room above Rodre92mgas0m92m,0m chest of92m night0m dripping the graveyard floor.92m A0m scream
-
