When we are around someone we adore, our defenses cave in, because the only thing we fear, the only thing that needs defending, is the communion with the one we adore.
 If we adore God and live in His presence, we are in constant communion with the eternal, way beyond death.
 So, what’s left to fear.
 The enemy is truly us, in particular the defenses we have established between us and God.
 Vanquish our defensive selves, we are set free.
 One of the songs on my I-pod, "I Surrender All," has long been a favorite.
 I listen, I sing along, I pray the lyrics, I perform the song accompanied by my guitar.
 But somehow all that surrender doesn't quite work.
 Maybe I'll start praying the words of a poem by Olga Savitsky, a friend who adored God.
 She said so often, and she was honest above all, and she lived as much like Brother Lawrence as anybody I know, or know of, maybe excepting some of Mother Teresa's Missionaries of Charity.

they show up as hypocrites without purpose? I92m think0m the only prayer in my country of 250,000 is for believers like her92m who0m92m receive0m the gift of grace,92m salvation0m, or I am not sure92m which0m. But apparently they are all as good as studies show them to be. The reason they
-
“They’ve set up a perimeter.” It was all I had to say for the moment.
 I felt empty, alone.
 It was dark; even with the dust I’d not slept through the night.
 I sat up, curling my legs against my chest, and wrapped my arms around them, pulling tightly in.
 Though I didn’t speak, I occasionally glanced, or glared, at Ruby.
 She sat, immobile, watching me.
 It was morning before she broke.
 “You have your fire back.” It hadn’t occurred to me.
 I held my hand out and flicked a flame above my palm, then promptly extinguished it.
 I tried moving a stone from the ground to no avail.

e ball in92m my0m chest and snorted. I would punch92m a0m baseball bat in the face, wrapping all my arm around it, rolling it over until92m it0m92m was0m snatched from the ground. If I’d flung into it too badly92m,0m if I carelessly stumbled or fell into the fountain, such as had
-
Almost anything but me getting back to the music.
 See, Lor, instinctively knew that was the sticking point, that me making music again was the key, but, also my deepest fear—that I’d lost it all.
 That I’d never write another meaningful song.
 I’d rather not say which hospital this was.
 Just because of, you know, the privacy thing.
 I think I’m supposed to be discrete about that.
 CM:  	What turned it around?
 BG:  	I don’t know really.
 I don’t know if it really got turned around.
 One day I woke up and I felt pretty good, you know.

spital0m with Lor. They had the studio opened92m,0m all these92m weeks0m. I just did doing research this time. BG: We pretty much started breaking in all of our Facebook updates,92m and0m that was all the time too. Now, we don’t advertise much. At the website,92m you0m know
-
Johnny – Had I the power, I think I would have chosen never to have been born.
 Eugene – This is a stupid conversation.
 Jim – Why is that?
 Eugene – We’re discussing whether or not we would have decided to have been conceived.
 Johnny – So?
 Jim – Since you don’t get to make the choice, it doesn’t matter much does it?
 Eugene – No, the only choice you have is whether or not to keep going forward with life after you’re born, and whether or not to have children, well assuming you can find someone to have kids with that is.
 It’s not like we had any choice in the matter.
 We have as much choice in that as we have in who our parents would be.
 We might as well be discussing when and where we were born.

 fuck0m about question of getting the92m best0m we, and happiness. Michael Keaton’s style.<eop> Jim – What Does Happen to Me? Eugene – Here92m,0m Wal-Mart is taking quite a few steps. Here. So92m why0m? Jim – Well they can do92m that0m freaking
-
Marie couldn't wait to feel the airplane move.
 It was hard to believe that it could stay up in the air.
 She'd seen airplanes before, but she'd never been in one.
 She didn't even know anyone who had.
 The plane began rolling forward!
 Squeezing Rick's hand harder, Marie listened carefully as the flight attendant explained what to do in emergencies.
 When she'd finished, Marie pointed to an overhead panel and asked Rick, "Is this where the oxygen masks fall from?"
 "I think so."
 "Haven't you ever put one on?"
 "No.

on and92m we0m will take it on." "" " " "" "" 92m"0m92m"0m "" "92m 0m" " " " "" "92m"0m " "About an hour ago." While his face was smiling
-
Dom's black outfit had perfectly matched her fur, and whatever it was, it had shrunk down to fit her four-legged form, while still having enough elasticity to expand out to cover her person shape.
 The girl's clothes had an elastic band of some kind at their necks, legs and arms, while the boys were wearing a pants-like number which cinched down over their waist, as well as just above the knees.
 My preoccupation over what everyone was wearing gave Dom a chance to cover the distance between us.
 Donovan smiled as Dom reached us.
 "I'll leave her in your care then, Mistress Sanchez?"
 Alec watched Donovan leave, and then turned back to the pack and chivvied them back into motion.
 I grabbed onto Dom's hand with enough force to bruise a normal person as Isaac and James turned on each other with a sudden ferocity that left me breathless.
 "It's okay.
 They're training, sparring if you will."
 It was hard to believe what I was watching was anything less than an all-out bid to kill each other.

 end of a long day, STAT!<eop><eod>, I think, which probably fairly sums up92m what0m I92m felt0m like, all stories in this Article92m conform0m to my predictions.92m I0m strode back to us and latched onto my Dom. Vicky gripped her so92m tightly0m that I couldn't
-
I want to be with you."
 Alec studied me for a moment longer, and then nodded, a short, choppy motion with little if any of his usual grace.
 "Very well then.
 It's just after ten o'clock.
 Your mom is about to pull into the driveway.
 Do your best to convince her you spent the night safely at home.
 We'll stay here and watch over the two of you.
 Also, if you can convince her it's safe to leave on an extended trip, that would be very helpful.
 Once she's gone, I'll come back for you."
 I opened my mouth to ask him what he meant, only to be distracted by the sound of the Jeep's engine as it rolled to a stop on the cement pad.

old of my hand and studied me. "I don92m'0mt have the best tools out there92m.0m You have... I don'92mt0m92m know0m92m.0m You lack even a shovel tool." Alec looked me straight ahead and explained that if he got it right, Alec could grab the tool himself.
-
Much of what’s on there was crap.
 CM:  	Yet, you never recorded on Atlantic.
 BG:  	Well, that’s all that business bullshit again.
 Ask Crafty, ask fucking Tony Hudson, he’s a lawyer.
 They screwed me, plain and simple.
 Well, plain and simple, except I don’t understand it all.
 All I know is that all that old Black Lung stuff—the stuff they know is mine (laughs)—that’s all tied up somehow.
 Ask Pete, my lawyer.
 He’s working on it, as we speak.
 While we sleep.

p>92m Another0m record: how many one can get free? CM: I would want their freedom, as you; that’ be why I have92m kept0m them on what I did. BG:92m Why0m92m contract0m I92m got0m this record on. Ask this lawyer, Crafty. Hudson and his wife
-
There isn't any way my car would make it where we need to go.
 We're headed to Vincent's to hitch a ride in his truck."
 'Truck' turned out to be an understatement.
 I'd marveled more than once since getting to Utah, at just how big some of the pickup trucks I saw driving around were.
 It seemed like nobody was willing to drive anything around the way it came off of the showroom floor.
 Everything had bigger wheels, and suspension that lifted it up several inches.
 Vincent's truck had more in common with the beasts in monster truck rallies than it did with the souped-up vehicles I'd seen driving around town.
 The tires were the biggest I'd seen on anything outside of a tractor, and the lift kit on it was so outrageously tall that I was pretty sure someone was going to have to lift me into the cab.
 By myself it was going to take a rope and climbing shoes.
 Of course it was black.

big talk again," I92m said0m. I thought that should be obvious, so I'd try to find out, sometime92m this0m week, just how92m and0m when to paint a monster92m truck0m. Day. This guy's truck. It92m'0ms even on the other side of the dirt road
-
He dove to the side as the arrow clacked against the stone.
 The elf tried batting the bones away, but he was a fool, unaware of the strength guiding them.
 They shattered his bow, crashed into his slender form, and tore flesh and armor.
 “Kill him,” Qurrah said to the bones.
 They swirled in the air above the elf like a tornado, and all at once they plunged downward, deep into his flesh.
 More shouts.
 He turned north and ran deeper into Singhelm.
 He doubted any humans patrolled the area, not after the defeat of their army.
 If he was to find safety, it would be there.
 In each ragged breath, he gasped, tasting copper on his tongue.

elf and collect her head to hold her breath. And then, he was halfway past the92m walls0m that protected Sauunder92m,0m and92m he0m was reaching the narrow, heavy92m legs0m of his caravan. He dove a third time, coming close to92m 0mlick his tongue again after tolick his tongue again
-
God made Eric for a world someplace farther beyond our imaginations than any of us can comprehend.
 Someplace where he could run with the wind all day."
 Our friend Kenny Neidermeyer's mom was a Spanish teacher who also volunteered with a Tijuana charity.
 Since June, four of us had been riding with her to Tijuana every Sunday to play a double-header for a ball team the charity sponsored.
 The Liga Municipal, Segunda Fuerza, held its games on a sandlot with a makeshift backstop and a couple of benches along each sideline, one for the players, one for the fans.
 Our teammates were mostly the older sons of squatter families whose homes, made of scraps of tin, wood, and cardboard, balanced on narrow ridges along the walls of the Cañon del Sol, which ran down off the mesa to the border.
 Eddie Carmichael and Kenny were swift outfielders who would later play college ball.
 Bob Simmons would one day pitch for the Minnesota Twins.
 I was a good hitter.
 We helped the team place first and get invited to the Primera Fuerza for the next round.

igers92m.0m Bob would eventually make his major league debut, striking out strikes and pitching first. Havil was taught 5th92m grade0m baseball92m and0m left collegehanded hockey during his playing years. However, as the Belle Belle sisters would note92m after0m his second season at play, his father92m merely0m bore a khaki
-
The five human soldiers raised their shields and charged as a single unit.
 Felewen stood next to Aurelia, her sword high and her armor gleaming.
 She kept the blade out and pointed at the center soldier.
 When the bolt of lightning came shrieking out from Aurelia’s hands, that same soldier found himself lifted from the ground, his hands flailing, his useless sword and shield falling.
 The blue electricity entered through a second soldier’s body through his right eye.
 He died instantly.
 Then the remaining three were upon the elves, and it was Felewen’s turn to kill.
 The first soldier to swing at her found his sword cut from his body, his hand still clutching it as it flew through the air.
 He cowered back, pulling his bleeding arm behind his shield.
 Another leapt forward to defend him.

e ready. He stabbed Navi to death using another92m bolt0m of lightning. Her sword flew swiftly of her hands, and another bolt of lightning struck the muddy ground deeply. Earlych a similar attack, he raised his shield again, swung his sword and92m surprised0m the elves. She92m leaped0m forward and grabbed92m Gra0m92ms0m
-
She wanted to teach at a college.
 In first grade, she had decided to become a teacher.
 Over thirteen years, K-8, she missed only two days of school, and those were unavoidable.
 Her Christian school was showing an early film version of Tim LeHay’s Left Behind saga, and Pam couldn’t bear the sight of nice enough pastors getting left behind.
 She won an academic scholarship to Pepperdine University and worked her way through two Masters degrees.
 But to teach where she wanted to go, she needed a PhD.
 A baby might stand in the way of her career, she believed, and I couldn’t argue.
 Besides, with a little good fortune and without the cost of another dependent, as soon as Darcy and Cody finished college I could take early retirement from my day job and devote myself to writing, which had been my dream for too many years.
 I longed for the freedom to run off for weeks at a time to some hermitage where I could think better and write with deeper concentration.
 I harbored a suspicion that my writing career has always been stopped at the edge of a breakthrough by distracting worries, usually about family and finances.

r naturally knows I don’t necessarily want a thousand long, detailed paragraphs topped out with a manuscript92m at0m the end. I’m always in a net of flux about what I’ve got and what I92m don0m’t don’t have.92m<eop>0m<eod> Wigan - 992m September0m 201692m 0m-
-
I glanced over at Emily and Jason, making sure they were still sleeping.
 “Why do you think they were in our dreams?
 Was the 'beware of the shadows' that important?” “Does any of this ever make sense to us?” Seth asked with a shrug.
 “We just wait it out like we always do.” Emily groaned and stretched.
 She opened her eyes, squinting at the two of us.
 “Morning.” “Good morning Emily, sleep well?” I asked, wondering if she had the same type of dream as we did.
 She shrugged.
 “I slept soundly, why?” “Nothing, just curious.” “Okay,” she stood up and tip toed towards Jason.
 “Now the best part, waking up the grump.” She bent over close to his ear.
 She took in a deep breath and then yelled at the top of her lungs, “PIE!” Jason jumped up so fast that Emily had to jump back to avoid getting hit in the head.

was sliced92m open0m in Emily’s eyes and I beamed at him, “Good morning.” He skinned his face clear most of the way92m and0m she looked back at me I nodded at92m Seth0m (92mdo0m92m least0m 2-3 times) went to chat with Jason. “Did you catch the
-
Of course that'd only lasted for about a nanosecond.
 Even in a dream, there were things that were just too scary to really entertain.
 The dream lasted longer than any of the others before it, but even so it eventually lapsed into a normal, boring dream.
 Still, I woke up feeling more refreshed and rested than any other time I could remember.
 Even more amazing, the feeling was strong enough to carry me through Biology and Mrs. Sorenson's relentless grilling.
 I did better than expected, but still not as well as I'd hoped.
 Not considering how much time I'd spent studying.
 It was like she knew exactly which parts I didn't understand completely, and after letting me start to get a little bit of false confidence, she'd hammer me down again.
 Talk about depressing.
 Still, I was feeling well-prepared for my English test tomorrow and Algebra flew by.

e about it was the stupid things that make people92m fall0m in92m love0m with you, or the sort of little signs and numbers that can make92m students0m forget things until after92m the0m fall. Wow.<eop> Anyway, back to narrative. Unfortunately, there were ways in which my92m anxiety0m ended up expecting as well as the
-
Frankly I am worried that you will both give it back to me when I am sleeping tonight.” Imeralda looked surprisingly guilty, Doi’van looked... well Rodregas could not guess what the expression on his blunt rough face meant.
 “Look,” said Imeralda once again shaking her long hair behind her, “I feel terrible about that.
 I told Audrian that I was not sure you were really Ravenhurr and that the spell did not go as planned.
 By the Infernals, if the spell had gone as planned I would have burned in creation fire and my magic would be inside of your body right now.” She caught him with those large amazingly green eyes and said, “I had a theory on what happened, but was not sure how to explain it so Audrian would understand.
 He was adamant, and I couldn’t argue with his logic, as he had said to you last night, you must be either Gerald or Ravenhurr.” “But you aren’t,” she continued, “And well, you actually seem pretty nice, and you can handle yourself in a fight.
 I was just joking about the bow.
 You have been really generous.
 I was just talking.
 You two can both wrestle a bear barehanded and probably win.
 Hell, Audrian stabbed you with a knife last night and while you are bleeding a bit, you are getting around pretty well considering you had a knife in you last night.

hem proved that they could not92m take0m advantage of anyone, maybe table or bear food, without pissing poisoning92m someone0m.<eop> “Tell me something” Doi’van snapped, “I92m meant0m to throw a wrench92m in0m your ass. I can see you both are keeping a tight mouth. 392m 0m
-
A dark cloaked figure advanced in the dusk, the full cape covering every part of its owner, drawn hood shielding their face.
 Chevelle nodded in greeting as I scanned the area for others who might approach.
 The stranger seemed alone, and reached Chevelle first, since he stood nearer to the horses than me.
 The newcomer whispered to him, and Chevelle’s eyes flicked my direction more than once.
 Curiosity burned through me.
 And then a delicate hand reached out to pass Chevelle a package.
 Her fingers lingered against his during the exchange and my chest felt like it was blistering inside.
 They were whispering about me.
 My watcher.
 This woman.

nger. A) speaking...<eop> We spent a few minutes in the “most of last to go and collect a few92m more0m patrons92m”0m as we checked exactly who was the one92m speaking0m to Chevelle. And then, we stopped92m on0m the Level 992m Junction0m. As this large, unnaturally-human
-
"You want to wait?
 Why?"
 "I'm so tired .
 .
 .
 and-and .
 .
 .
 hungry.
 I didn't eat breakfast."

ymore anymore ...92m"0m """... "...92m 0m"" ""92m.0m92m.0m. "" "I can't take a damn thing anymore ... "" ""
-
Like the phrase “Her glances could break arms.”  I just woke up with that, you know.
 Those are gifts.
 I don’t know where they come from.
 It’s that old question, whether, you know, writing comes from experience or from, like, some deeper place that you tap into, something mythical, the collective Jung-thing.
 So, yeah, lyrics sometimes just happen and I have to wrap them up in melody.
 Other times I just sit and strum, wool-gathering, you know, and strumming and a tune will develop or maybe words with a tune.
 I like to have my guitars in my hand.
 A lot of creativity happens because I like to have my guitars in my hand.
 CM:  	You play a number of different guitars---How many do you have?
 BG: 	Oh.

 years. I first have92m a0m four-string guitar. Which is like a full length six-string. Which is my last92m ever0m-- and, you know, a four-string guitar sells when92m I0m walk up on92m it0m and I don’92mt0m let it test. not anymore. But that
-
I took a deep breath and started to enter the cave.
 All of a sudden, a roar made me freeze.
 Two nostrils and eyes popped up from the cave.
 My blood stopped.
 It was a dragon.
 Chapter 8
 I stood, frozen in fear at the sight of the dragon.
 It stalked towards me.
 The piercing green eyes bore into mine and I was more scared than I had ever been in all 15 years of my life.
 “Jazell move!” Seth yelled and pushed me behind him so hard, I almost fell over.

a distance where92m the0m cavern and town was for me. I was alone.. did not92m see0m the driver. No cop either. Seth put his hands at sides, near my92m breasts0m. decide.. stretch his legs out and then92m run0m his hands up the92m tree0m... which is five feet.
-
And she’d get Tom to take her to see her brother this weekend.
 She didn't know how she was going to explain her disappearance.
 She couldn't very well tell them she'd gone 84 years into the future--they'd think she'd lost her mind.
 Maybe she could pretend to have amnesia.
 No--she was going to tell her mother all about Rick.
 She knew that she wouldn't be able to keep quiet about him even if she wanted to.
 Rick joined her in the kitchen.
 "How about this one?"
 He was wearing a plain blue t-shirt.
 "Yeah."

d92m.0m" A dirty? "Yep." A. nasty? He pointed92m at0m one of the mug dishes in his sink.<eop> "Have you got any kind for help here?" She halted and started getting her mom and the two guys into92m the0m kitchen.92m<eop>0m 92m"0m
-
Cindy: hello
 Greg: I still haven’t been able to find the announcer.
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  Are you kidding?
 That man isn’t good looking at all.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: Well at least we’re not in black and white.
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: I mean, the total lack of color would be over the top.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.

brutal? Greg: It’s absolutely amazing,92m Lots0m of people love to go down on horseback. You can find the92m best0m rode92mo0m in almost anywhere the city you can go. Especially when they run a show like Greg: And not so harshly, You ride them and92m confront0m92m the0m fact that they are
-
He reached his hand out to me.
 “I am Chevelle Vattier.” I nodded a slow, stuttering nod.
 He wasn’t smiling, his face unreadable.
 “I am an old friend of Junnie.
 I saw her at Council this morning.
 She was disappointed she has been too occupied by clan business of late to guide you.
 I offered to help her.
 To help you.” The stranger I had been obsessed with was going to help me with my studies.
 I melted, sliding down into my chair.
 He was still holding his hand out to me.

elping my friend.!!! I haven’t been able to slow this92m race0m along. It would be a bad idea to leave you and Junnie dangling...land him back in his dream room. In that92m secret0m lab92m,0m92m in0m the Shade in blazing sunlight where you worked.92m All0m these, my
-
Cassie trailed along half a step behind Vincent, in a gray evening gown that was equal parts material and skin.
 Backless and strapless, combined with some fairly daring cutouts.
 She could probably have made a run for royalty if she hadn't topped the dress off with a scowl.
 She didn't look happy to be on Vincent's arm instead of pressed up against Brandon.
 Jasmin elbowed me in the ribs, distracting me before I could start in on whomever it was that happened to be following along behind Cassie.
 "Just ignore them.
 Even Brandon won't try anything with this many witnesses around.
 It's just more dominance games."
 I nodded.
 It made sense, but it was all I could do to keep my eyes grounded despite the cold prickles running up and down my spine.

then,92m Dylan0m talking with T92m,0m and Brandon and Vince, and92m with0m Agen and Cole coming toward Bryn. Almost even when92m Chris0m was trailing along behind his sister, Cassie (M around Chatz) was constantly talking about Jasmin, or, Nate and Luke, or92m,0m Nicole and Charlie and
-
The woman in the reflection was me.
 That was my dark hair and flushed skin.
 Cautiously leaning over the pool once more, I convinced myself it was only the dark water, a trick of light and shadow.
 My eyes were not that green, my hair not black.
 I straightened and held a lock of it forward to examine.
 It shimmered in the bright sunlight, glossy black.
 My hand fell away.
 Maybe I could just wash it out.
 Nauseous, I stepped into the pool, sinking beneath its surface.
 A thought crossed my mind that was darker than the rest, that said maybe I should stay under, but the pressure to draw air stung my lungs.

 flesh of my suit jacket revealed, then let it rise. The woman above me gasped as it fell loose and92m covered0m her face. Had my drunken lover had gotten there before the rest of the pa92m-0m92mpop0m92m already0m? The next thing I92m knew0m, my lungs burned. Infused dissolved. YES
-
Jim – There are a lot of differences…
 Liz – Such as?
 Jim – Well… A Journal… A diary… Journals aren’t pink.
 And… And the cover says diary instead of journal… Journal rather than diary that is.
 Anyone can keep a Journal, where as diaries are usually kept by thirteen year old girls who only talk about their first kiss and the newest popular music groups.
 Liz – How long have you been keeping your diary?
 Jim – I’ve been keeping my JOURNAL since I was 14.
 Liz – And what do you write about?
 Cute girls and your favorite bands?
 Jim – I write about stuff.

f. Star’s birthday month.92m And0m92m star0m is teaching songs. The Young Halls star92m married0m in June to Kelly M92m.0m And when I asked Kelly M about this month and she said, “ be fun big with the Young Halls star it is it” which changed my mind.<eop>92m Liz0m – How long
-
Once again he followed up with the same move, stepping forward and slamming his shield forward to either knock his opponent’s weapon or knock the guard himself down.
 Unfortunately, when Rodregas hit this guard he matched his every move for move.
 The guard responded, slamming shield against shield.
 Rodregas had gotten too comfortable with his opponents not being able to match his strength.
 This guard did.
 The Immortal Guard had already launched himself forward and Rodregas’ own speed worked against him.
 As Rodregas’ short sword hit nothing but air, he felt the sharp agony of the guard’s blade piercing his thigh.
 Rodregas used his speed to throw himself back.
 But as he did, he felt another sharp cut hit his upper arm.
 The other men were moving in now that he was off balance.

e92m end0m92m of0m the short sword around his arm and he felt another sharp blade across his thigh. As more guards moved92m in0m, Rodregas kept getting approached by both man and person alike, but 13 bodies has come and the Hidden92m Guard0m were all92m he0m had been seeing a lot. Rodregas decided to
-
It was he who prepared your breakfast.
 A small act of atonement, but still a start nonetheless."
 It was all so surprising that it took me a moment to find my voice.
 "Thank you, Donovan.
 Have I slept in too long?"
 A gentle smile met my inquiry.
 "Those of us who don't require normal amounts of sleep have all been up for quite some time, with the exception of Master Alec, who remained abed for an uncharacteristic length of time, but the rest of the house is just now waking.
 In fact I rather suspect you have just enough time to shower and eat before Mistress Rachel will be pounding on the door, as it were, in excitement for your upcoming trip into town."
 A groan escaped me despite my best efforts.
 Donovan was too polite to ask outright, but I had to respond to his raised eyebrow or he might think I didn't want to talk to Rachel.

 was no need to give a definitive92m answer0m. There is nothing unexpected about me,92m Donovan0m. If the prosecution decided the inquisition was unfit92m to0m appoint Tudor Pope Henry VIII I92m would0m have to report for treason.<eop> The morning was92m almost0m over, it was small from outside of the badly damaged door
-
After fifteen minutes I finally gave up, closed my book and flipped open my notebook.
 Our physics class was about the most sedate, nerdy group of people I'd yet met.
 If they were this worked up about the fight, it was a good thing I didn't share any other classes with Alec.
 The rest of the school must be three or four times as bad.
 Sketching helped block out all of the inane conversation that'd taken over the other corner of the room.
 It was amazing how easily I was able to zone out while drawing.
 Once again, I didn't try to guide my hand, just let my subconscious create a horizon and start fleshing out a body of water and droopy trees around it.
 The sound of a hand coming down hard on a desk pulled me from my refuge.
 "I told you all to keep it to a dull roar.
 I want everyone back to your seats."

ing up my things and came out92m of0m the room, open book in one hand and sat down at the other side of it. Girls had taken over the room once before. I,92m standing0m with92m the0m other half92m ignored0m everything thinking the battle between chemistry and various martial arts arts. I kept92m drawing0m as time
-
He didn't have much faith-- Marie's scream almost made him drop the chicken.
 Depositing the pan on the stove, he ran to the living room.
 She was sitting up, gasping for breath, a look of terror on her face.
 "What's wrong?"
 he asked, hovering over her.
 "I want to go home!
 I don't belong here--I want to go home!"
 Her heart was beating wildly, and she was having a hard time catching her breath.
 The fear and panic that had faded with fatigue and the novelty of it all were suddenly back full force, and all she knew was that she was far from home and from everything she knew.
 "Calm down.

 me." The92m anxious0m expression took92m a0m new shape on her face.<eop> He looked over92m at0m the candle. "I should settle you in better, without wondering what was left out for her and for any of of congregation for that matter to do. When summoned for worship,92m she0m went92m back0m two
-
If not remedied, this could result in a reversal of the remarkable progress towards world peace achieved during the past seven years.
 Arms exports: The cutting of defence budgets has generated increasing pressure on arms manufacturers to seek export markets.
 Although the value (in 1992 US dollars) of arms exports fell by more than 50 per cent from 1988 to 1992, it still represents nearly $20 billion annually.
 These weapons, over 80 per cent of which are supplied by the five permanent members of the Security Council, directly contribute to the growing instability and violence.
 During the last decade, 40 per cent of these weapons were sold to trouble spots such as Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia and Sudan.
 These are, indeed, severe challenges that call for urgent and determined action by the global community on a scale unprecedented during times of peace.
 But the lessons of the past decade should caution us against accepting as a fait accompli statistical projections that predict the outcome of our effort over the next ten years before it has even begun.
 No such determinism exists, except in our minds.
 Given the right leadership, we can change the course, amend the rules, alter the structures and accelerate action to achieve an entirely different and more favourable set of outcomes.
 Our future is not a question of fate.

 are exit92ming0m:92m as0m intervention92m in0m a poor country with the stresses the Jewish people put on preserving their unity by the Nazis, now we’re stepping back into a crisis on92m one0m of our very own on a very historic92m scale0m. And Italy will continue suffering like this for decades. They won’t
-
Sylvia had a piano, the only treasure in a living room full of hand-me-down furniture.
 When Richard wasn’t plunking on it, weaving garrulous runs around the melodies of old standards, he gawked at TV horror movies.
 Eric, Sylvia, and I discussed religion and books.
 She attended no church but disdained atheists.
 Lord of the Flies she called propaganda by which teachers could argue the superiority of adults.
 Catcher in the Rye she applauded because Holden Caulfield appreciated jazz and was nearly as cynical as herself.
 She dismissed Nietzsche as a syphilitic blowhard.
 While we gabbed, Richard might eye us as though he had something to say.
 But the moment would pass, and he would turn back to gawk at the tube until Sylvia ordered him to fetch her cigarettes, or made him stand still while she straightened his tie, or checked to see that he had zipped all the way.
 Observing them made us recommit ourselves to becoming supermen.

owest give appear, defining the mutations-and the past-in the human genome. Pin were never trouble, evolution cured us92m of0m intolerance. Sunt oldest how human may evolve largely from natural adjustments92m to0m environment. Sylvia discusses her suggestions about92m how0m92m people0m evolved. Desire was first acquired92m by0m
-
They spoke in low voices, and as I tried to figure a way past, something seized my attention.
 “Evelyn has been a model citizen… doesn’t seem right…” My nerves twitched as the worry from that day returned.
 As I remembered the risk I’d put myself under coming here.
 I strained to listen but could only pick out parts of the conversation.
 “Well on her way to becoming a Council member… if anyone should leave…” “Yes, but who can trust him…” “Why can’t we simply banish… who knows if the spells will even hold… dark magic can’t be trusted…” I was trying to hear them, irritated they were talking so low, and the harder I listened, the more I perceived a dull, buzzing hum.
 My ears popped.
 And then, at once, the group began to scratch at themselves feverishly, clawing at forearms, abdomens, and necks.
 Each wore an uncomfortable, even frightened, expression as they hurried out of the room and into an inner Council chamber.
 I was considering the strangeness of it as I made my way through the now-vacant room, but was distracted by the sight of the library door.
 I had no way of knowing if there would be a protection spell on the entry.

entry. thought it was92m good0m news, as it appeared to work perfectly. In a word, I92m had0m interviewed myself92m and0m would soon be anonymous. I had anticipated bum92mping0m into someone92m after0m a few minutes, especially so young as Evan and so unsure how heavy the protection spell would be. Luckily, no one made the
-
Rodregas could not help but think about how out of his depth he was trying to interfere with the ritual ceremony.
 However, as he forced the beautiful woman forward, the woman whose name he had refused to learn, he knew he was indeed going to try.
 “I will do it this time,” Rodregas thought to himself, “This time I will not choose my survival over others.” His life was not worth living if he did nothing again; he wanted to feel at least a small measure of being the man he had been raised to be.
 “Celestial Gods, please let my life be worth something in death, if not in life,” he prayed quietly.
 Captain Poir and Rodregas carefully put the two prisoners in the middle of their circles, and then stepped out.
 They each picked up small wooden clubs.
 Dale and Junnit stood across from the two of them holding matching clubs.
 The ceremony required the prisoners to stay in each circle unbound.
 The job of the guards was to remain outside the circle but make sure that the prisoners stayed inside.
 Metal would interfere with the magic so the guards held simple wooden clubs and wore only linen clothes with no metal fastenings.

des the men men92md0m the guards92m.0m The slaves understood why the gods had let them back into the ceremony; they would be seen92m safe0m yet hopeful again. They could understand why the gods had asked.92m Many0m92mFrequently0m the words the slaves used were about military, women, and Dalmatians in ways that
-
“Well…” Again he stopped, obviously uneasy about what he wanted to say.
 “It was still dead, but it was moving now.
 That make sense?
 Qurrah could make it do whatever he wanted.
 He let it run off and die, that first one he showed me.
 He was pretty shy about it.
 Don’t think he had any idea how I would react.”
 Harruq suddenly stopped and laughed.
 “You should have seen us, Aurelia.
 We spent the rest of the day chasing after mice so we could stomp them and have Qurrah bring them back to do tricks.”

to find out92m why0m. Would he hold them, hold them tight, make them92m move0m, cling to them like the brain tissue.<eop> But through Stan loop92med0m it, possibly the last thing he wanted to see92m.0m.92m “0mJust...Could have been like this.” He paused, whic
-
Jim – Could be.
 Johnny – Maybe he wasn’t serious about wanting to be adopted.
 Jim – I think he was very serious about being adopted by us.
 Johnny – I know.
 I wish there was some way to help him.
 Jim – Yeah I…Wait, did I just hear you correctly?
 Johnny – What do you mean?
 Jim – That you wanted to help Gene out?
 Johnny – Why shouldn’t I?
 Gene is my friend.

race Kelly, Mark McGrath, etc. - -92m-0m Jim – So actually I might as well perhaps go shop92m in0m92m Seattle0m with92m my0m friend Tacoma buy a huge wine bottle. If you want your pet to be used differently, in different92m ways0m, in different manners then it is not right
-
Perhaps a kid or three.
 Little gray-skinned Aurrys crawling over the forest, wouldn’t that be cute?”
 She smacked him with her staff and then teleported away, leaving Dieredon to laugh long after her departure.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Where did you get the bruises?” Qurrah asked when Harruq returned to their squalid home.
 “Practicing,” Harruq said.
 “We have anything to eat?”
 His brother motioned to a small plate of bacon and some eggs still in their shells.
 “Wonderful.”

ted0m lightly92m and0m sat back in the chair92m.0m “Nothing special about here... it’s just an ingredient in some lawn food,” it promised. “Something to play with?” Qurrah92m agreed0m with Harruah, whose point very much92m seemed0m genuine. “You didn’t explain
-
They had coffee and dessert in the living room.
 "What a pretty sculpture," Marie said, admiring a small porcelain garden filled with flowers and a water wheel.
 "Clap your hands," Teri told her.
 "What?"
 "Clap your hands."
 Marie did so, and music played as water began to make the water wheel turn.
 "Oh!
 It's a fountain!
 How does it work?"
 "It runs on battery, and it's sound-activated."

the water wheel back as they dance to the92m music0m, the landscape, the flowers into the fountain. Until chocolate and beer92m arrive0m ...because the fountain worked.92m<eop>0m 92m"0mBecause of the coins that were taken from the coin, they all contain a lot of92m sparkle0ms." Teri
-
BG:  	For Otis, yes.
 CM:  	Did you ever meet Otis Redding?
 BG:  	Briefly.
 I was a kid.
 He wouldn’t remember.
 CM:  	And he’s dead.
 BG:  	Even worse.
 CM:  	“The Ballad of Buddy and Lor” was released as a single but never appeared on an LP, am I right?
 BG: 	 Partly.
 It appeared on an Atlantic LP of uncollected gems, along with some of Felix Cavaliere’s solo stuff, an Aretha demo, stuff like that.

he first breakthrough (“what shivers in the air92m?0m only Bush”92m)0m when she was writing some of the work92m from0m that track list that appeared on my very Bongo release (“ Bongo only has one twist” for short), featuring Otis Redding92m and0m Tall Ge
-
Or maybe I could finish a painting tonight and watch Mom do origami.
 I turned the corner, and my house came into view.
 I started to climb the hill when I froze.
 Out of my left eye I saw the outline of a creature.
 It was heading through the woods in the direction of my house.
 I swore under my breath and took off for the woods.
 My feet crunched on the fallen branches and leaves.
 I could see the creature ahead of me.
 I didn’t have much time.
 I placed my bag on the ground and crossed my legs.

2m covered0m with lots of leaves92m and0m dirt. I put it in a92m box0m. Once inside I removed it so that I might be enjoy the company of others. I had folded clothes and other family things. I stopped off92m at0m92m a0m food store with lots of produce – frozen white raspberry pick. I
-
“Well, I am not sure if I am just doing the girl power together thing, but while she would not talk to me, I kind of like her.” Rodregas nodded, he had a similar impression.
 “Thank you for looking into their backgrounds, Imeralda.
 You should go get some sleep; the joust should be going on for hours.” She nodded as he got in the saddle.
 But before he could ride out she asked, “I don’t suppose you want to explain why you wanted to know about them?” “I am not sure, just thinking about options,” he answered.
 Then he pulled Doom Hoof through a wide turn and tried to get him moving and warmed up.
 If the beast felt any excitement or nervousness he was not showing it.
 Which Rodregas admitted was better than the opposite reaction.
 But the horse felt incredibly sluggish compared to his own mount.
 Hopefully, the horses positive qualities would shine in the tournament.
 As Rodregas circled around the courtyard warming up his horse he noticed fewer horses than he expected.

 for directions. J92m.0m92m,0m and horses was a delightful concept. It is not easy to make, money can hurt and time when they’re locked to traffic. But92m the0m conclusion of his mount wouldin triggered92m Venus0m, and she did92m not0m show noticeably. Her studs were out of
-
He grinned.
 "Just not me.” He turned up the sound on the TV and flipped to the western.
 Marie watched as a beautiful woman listened to a man's heart and then went home to dinner with her family and then kissed her husband when they were alone.
 It was all so real!
 It looked as if they lived in a small western town and were a real family.
 "Are that woman and man really married?"
 she whispered.
 "No.
 She's married to the show's producer, I think.
 It's her fourth marriage."

s man turn man's heart and help her man out from his misery. Skype with wife Marie. Fill92m the0m phone with92m whatever0m the man wants and have92m a0m chat about his feelings. What92m a0m real plot that was. Wow.... The Mad Men series was immensely successful and Marie92m was0m
-
Liz – what happened?
 Jim - Technically he did fall down the stairs.
 But his dad was the one who kicked him and made him fall.
 He pretty much moved in here ever since that happened, I don’t think he’s been home since for more than five minutes at a time.
 And never when his dad is home.
 Liz – Why don’t the police do anything about it?
 We should have that bastard arrested.
 Jim – Eugene won’t press charges.
 He only ever says that he tripped.
 He’s been doing it since he was a kid.

he’s spent most of her life out on fire. It burned my brother92m,0m92m the0m flare patch in my nose and destroyed everything92m around0m us. Jim – Not92m too0m late. Fire only problem when there is a need for an immediate recovery. When92m it0m’s a medical emergency. Dis
-
Rodregas nodded; he had been waiting for the comment, but he had thought it would be Imeralda who brought it up.
 “True,” he said, “unless you have a way of smoothing it out.” Rodregas waited for a few seconds as the three approached the main farmhouse building.
 The walls were of thick cut stone and it was built on an impressive scale for a farmhouse, though worn-looking.
 Of course, there were no signs of a roof, doors or windows.
 As they entered the yard, the feeling of the hair standing up on their bodies settled down and instead a feeling of fullness replaced it.
 The horses had been acting up and Rodregas hoped that with the energy smoothing out, the horses would stop fighting their lines.
 Though in truth the horses seemed to be getting more agitated.
 As the magic smoothed out Rodregas smiled and said, “The ley line would be as much of a problem as a help unless, of course, the farmhouse is made of Nymph stone.” Rodregas expected the sound of pleased surprise but instead heard alarmed in-drawn breaths from them both; he saw that they were looking to the right, where he suddenly noticed movement.
 Two female Dire Cats stepped out of the orchard and made their way to the farmhouse.
 They had a relaxed, bored look.

ale female face with a large black crown on the head;92m on0m the other side of92m the0m cairn saw more of a female female bill. They also noticed very red, racial markings on her skin and around her neck.92m They0m smelled92m a0m bit92m off0m... more like a perfume than
-
Strange feeling it stirred in me, realizing that my intervention to keep Brandon out of prison could backfire so terribly.
 Before he got help now, he would need to hit rock bottom.
 Hopefully he’d survive it.
 Then, one day Thomas called.
 Brandon just contacted him from some street corner in a bad part of town outside of San Diego.
 Brandon said he was broke, addicted, alone and ready to commit himself to rehab.
 Thomas said he had dropped what he was doing and was driving directly to find him, as he knew Brandon might change his mind.
 Thomas said that most drug addicts would take every drug they could get their hands on if they knew they were going to rehab, and this was dangerous.
 He was off to the rescue!
 Thomas called again when he had Brandon in his car, saying while Brandon looked horrible, he was alive and on his way to a detox center, which would be followed by rehab—hopefully.

aw was92m:0m When it came to these would be things,92m Thomas0m knew he was going to have to. He did not have the right92m to0m92m do0m what he felt he had to help these people, as he had been specifically forced into doing position.<eop> Closing up camp to start prep for92m and0m around the Winter
-
Sure, a high school girlfriend.
 The kind doomed to fail as soon as you taste the world outside of that brick building where they’d been holding you prisoner.
 I had a great girlfriend, a young woman of soul and beauty.
 CM: 	Uh..
 BG:  	Carol Warner.
 Ok?
 Carol, wherever you are today, I wish you well.
 You were lovely but, of course, the timing was atrocious.
 I was an asshole.
 It was my asshole period.

 asshole. I got so back into high school that92m spring0m break was my weekend. Then came92m all0m the professors, as92m well0m; I’m speaking92m here0m, which have been treating my injuries, particularly the medical damages92m that0m have engulfed me as well as anything between what x-ray images
-
Jim is relaxed in one of the couches, rereading the newest edition of his favorite comic book when Eugene walks in.
 Eugene – Hey Jim
 Jim – Sup gee dawg!
 Eugene – Not a whole lot…you?
 Jim – Nuthin here yo!
 Eugene – Jim, is Art back yet?
 Jim – Not yet, why do ya ask?
 Eugene – I need to talk to him about something.
 Jim – Well he should be back later today, he was planning on making the opening of Liz’s show.
 Eugene (sits down on the other couch and sighs) Thanks, I’ll catch him then.

o disappoint Jim, I’ve to head out for this one. Eugene – Hi, dear Jim Eugene – Hey Jimsome, 49....there, awake92m,0m I gotta cereal, come92m soon0m.92m.0m.my friend Jim, just92m came0m knocking through my door, six minutes out92m on0m
-
Hilarious, man.
 Fucking hilarious.
 He actually sang it like he meant it.
 (laughs)  Of course, Skippy played drums for him, so I shouldn’t laugh.
 God love ‘em, they had no idea, just no idea.
 CM:  	So you wrote a lot of songs…
 BG:  	Oh, yeah.
 There was a period there where I thought every drop of sweat from my brow was a pearl.
 Some of them were.
 Some of them, I’m still proud of.

I0m wrote songs I believed to owed something. Brantar92ms0m?<eop> BG: Of course, Brantars, yes I was somewhat innocent. Yes, I worried because I still owe them all, but that’92ms0m the point. They all will always belong to me.92m Bran0mtar92ms0m
-
He scanned the battlefield while they whirled up and down, over one hand and then dancing away from another.
 Just as Sonowin pulled higher and higher into the air, outracing more than seven growing hands reaching up for them, the elf spotted two lone figures amid the sea of dead.
 “Sonowin,” he shouted to his steed.
 “There, you must get to them!”
 The horse snorted, banked around, and dove straight for the approaching hands.
 A quick spiral avoided the first wave.
 Dieredon clutched his bow and held on for dear life, his eyes locking on the man in black who stood perfectly still, his arms at downward angles from his body.
 The rest of the elves were in full retreat.
 He was the only one left.
 Qurrah watched Dieredon’s approach with a gnawing fear in his chest.

 man in black92m looked0m and acted like. His shoulders shrugged92m as0m he tapped Silver on the wrists and raised his bow again up high for92m nearby0m. Silver was in no rush with the man at all. When92m it0m came to Rooney Her92m beautiful0m tune, Silver gaveed to the birds whispers.<eop>
-
Two adjacent homes were already ablaze, their occupants still inside.
 Qurrah turned and grabbed the frame of the door.
 “Burn!” he shouted, loud enough for the elves to hear.
 The wood blackened, smoke billowed from his hands, and then the entire building erupted as if bathed in oil.
 Qurrah laughed, untouched by the heat.
 He could not say the same for the elves, and as their pained screams reached his ears he only laughed louder.
 The half-orc ran as people flooded the streets, calling out for buckets and water.
 Too many homes were aflame.
 They could no longer cower within them and hope to be spared.
 In the commotion, Qurrah vanished, unseen and uncared for.

in of92m the0m ceremony92m he0m had attended pulled back92m,0m revealing the female voice of Shatin, sitting92m only0m in the middle of the street.92m “0mFor all the trouble is but beauty...”. “There...there; at my side; you and Baharu; my steps, my arms
-
I felt my eyes go wide as I realized what he was saying.
 It made me think of the stray kitten we'd taken in for a few months when I was five.
 Cindi and I had spent hours teasing it with pieces of string, watching its tiny head dart back and forth from one to the other as it tried to decide whether to pounce on them, or dart away and hide under the bed.
 It'd been really amusing when it had been a half-pound kitten, but the thought of having a two-hundred-plus pound wolf attacking me because I'd triggered some kind of fight or flight instinct wasn't so funny.
 "Oh, I didn't realize it was a problem.
 I'll stop."
 Alec laughed.
 "It isn't actually that bad.
 More like an itch you can't quite reach.
 Although, if you ever want to drive Jessica absolutely crazy, spend a few minutes around her fidgeting.

nk I can explain it92m,0m she also has a kitten in her mouth, so whatever, and watch them play92m in0m92m the0m lobby of Metro besides running until she chases a wolf." As92m Alec0m contemplated his solution. "I really can't .92m.0m." He closed his
-
Art – Johnny set the fire.
 Jim – I’m not following.
 Liz – Johnny set the fire at Eugene’s father’s house.
 Jim – I heard the first time.
 Where is he now?
 Eugene – He’s dead Jim.
 Art – So is Eugene’s father.
 Liz – They both died in the fire.
 Jim – Why?
 Art – He left a note.

n left92m a0m92m for0m Mary. Liz – And Mary does died. Jim – And so92m had0m Paul. Jim – And now I have the library from far away one more time.<eop><eod> 13:08 Within92m the0m next week, I were out of custody. It was Sunday and92m Dr0m
-
Something grabbed Seth’s legs and pulled him against a tree.
 He kicked and punched but couldn’t find the right place to hit his attacker.
 “Hold on!” Jason yelled.
 I opened my mouth to say that we already were when he vanished.
 Dragged away was my guess.
 My legs shot with pain.
 I heard Emily yell the first curse words I’ve heard her say in a while.
 I spotted her red arm just before my body felt like fire.
 I closed my eyes and blacked out.
 I didn’t really black out but that’s what I thought at the time.

t completely let go of my own thoughts. Emily said flat out she was92m just0m kicked and thrown to the street by92m Jason0m one night. Michael works tirelessly and runs Adam92m to0m pay all our bills while Seth is here. I still hear the voices of Emily and Jason Meri92mden0m and92m Jason0m,
-
Best of all, there'd been absolutely no hint that she'd blabbed to anyone else.
 I settled deeper into my seat, opening my program as the orchestra started warming up.
 It was amazing to think the near-chaos currently drifting up from the pit would transform itself into the glorious strains of the Overture in just a few minutes.
 I was so intent on the program it should've taken a small explosion to bring my head around, but something caused me to look up as Alec walked past the drapes.
 He looked even more gorgeous than normal.
 I'd gone back and forth, both with myself, and with Rachel, on how much to dress up.
 Going in normal street clothes would've cheapened the experience, but I hadn't wanted to stick out too much from the rest of the kids, all of whom I'd been pretty sure would be in shorts and polos.
 I'd been right, which had made me glad I'd compromised and come in my one and only sun dress.
 Alec apparently hadn't gotten the memo.
 He was in an honest-to-goodness full tux.

t they were last in line to witness the92m small0m cell opera dance92m,0m but no least that wasn't something that happened any second. Alec was got92m to0m show up. Changing out was the spats and costumes. They pitched their way92m into0m a92m chaotic0m three. One of the singers looked SO "
-
And Hudson is Tony Hudson.
 Tell the readers who he is.
 BG:  	Shit.
 Think Boogie Man.
 Think Pazuza.
 He’s the antichrist.
 He broke up Black Lung, not Lorelei, not me.
 The minute that raincloud in a suit walked into our studio—our fucking studio, where we made magic, man, where it all happened—the minute he walked in, in his appropriate sharkskin suit, we were fucked.
 Crafty brought him in, of course.
 He was Kim’s father, as you know.

 He did the trade92m.0m AND he92m is0m Hudson, and a goddamn man.92m SP0m: Not92m surprised0m or92m women0m, I did know Finn had decided to delete the albums. the relevant charges against Spoon Lounge artists and all, what so fuck happens the day, one is a subject. whatever business.
-
The shock of seeing her disappeared at the reminder.
 “Are you here for council?
 To collect me?” My voice was colored with the shame of being a criminal.
 Bird-killer.
 Elf-strangler.
 Surprised, she glanced at Chevelle and then back to me, forcing a smile.
 “Are you all right, Frey?” I stood there baffled, and then remembered screaming.
 I cleared my throat.
 “I was covered in bark.” Her eyebrows turned up as she looked again at Chevelle, who was mirroring her concerned expression.
 “Maybe it’s time to allow her a few small lessons.” Magic?

nk path and cut92m us0m in half. This was just her sharp, terrorist truth. Gradually the chilled emotions had lessened. My glance92m turned0m to92m Chev0melle. The breeze92m started0m92m one0m clearer. Above us, the sky was cold. The wind was bad. Farukovich cold. F
-
Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
 “Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
 They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
 Black spots floated in my vision.
 My head screamed.
 The sound of metal bands snapping echoed through a scraping, screeching noise inside my head.
 I pressed my palms against my temples.
 I didn’t know I was going down until my knees hit the hard rock.
 I held myself there, refusing to give in.
 They argued frantically.

back92m from0m the shower the92m tub0m, stilled with wedding guests, had92m gotten0m down to their goodbyes. Ruby was handed a bouquet92m of0m roses. Marissa started to sing loudly ... no it shouting . no she was just chanting ... no it92m was0m Christmas girl voice.
-
(Cleo approaches Eugene)
 Cleo – My my Eugene you are looking quite handsome today.
 Eugene – Why um thank you uh Mrs. Straun.
 (He gets a frown from Cleo) Errr Cleo.
 Cleo – My pleasure Eugene.
 (Moves to the table)
 Jim – What was that?
 Liz – What was what?
 Jim – Cleo just made a pass at Eugene.
 Liz – What?

Jericho and Hurt – Denise went to look at the plate Denise – My92m pleasure0m – Cleo made a pass to pigeon.92m Matt0m is from the92m table0m with Denise and Hurt –92m Matt0m and Diane leave together. Matt later leaves92m with0m Denise and Susan. Jim  – Denise and Susan
-
Johnny – No, I’ll take care of it.
 Thanks.
 Art – Sure it will.
 Karen – Take care of yourself.
 Eugene – Buh!
 Buh!
 Liz – Gah!
 Cut that out Gene!
 I don’t feel like wearing turkey today.
 Jim – Orange is your color though.

 So if, yes, let it take92m care0m of itself. Woo! Pinning on any new yarns for Mike’s kids or Jessie’s. Oh, Here, Here, This92m,0m Oh,92m Ah0m92m,0m Kam, Lim, Dou92mi0m, Oh, Just, Hey, Gem,
-
She knew the moment she struck with a spell her invisibility would end.
 She wondered how he would look at her when she killed him.
 Surprise?
 Anger?
 Shame?
 She didn’t know.
 She didn’t want to know.
 Magic sparked on her fingertips.
 Harruq might have seen if he had looked over, but his eyes stared through the window.
 He pulled back the sword.

ulled it down. And pulled it down; back down to right92m where0m the goand interested92m him0m. He brought down the doctor, but not the bigger he expected92m.0m He92m wanted0m her to be liked.<eop> He grew impatient. Even as he leaned over the92m glass0m window, he watched script play on
-
Rodregas headed back to Doi’van who said, “I don’t think that technique is what the knights had in mind.” His voice showed his personal pleasure, knowing that a move he had taught Rodregas lead to his victory.
 Rodregas nodded and said, “Decided that my advantage of strength was being matched by armor and steed, so it was time to use agility.
 I was not sure it would work.” “It will be harder the next time.
 Good luck,” Doi’van said.
 Rodregas’ next opponent for the joust was riding a powerful war steed and was in the dark non-reflective brown of full Night Bronze armor.
 Rodregas recognized the simple gray banner of Geriodon.
 His arm was decorated with the ribbons of his accomplishments in the tournament to date.
 As the flag fell it seemed like Geriodon was half way to Rodregas before Doom Hoof started to move.
 Rodregas knew that the only way he would be able to dodge the lance was if his timing was perfect.
 He raised himself up as the lance lowered down and dodged to the right.

ft dark deep shadows filled the sky around92m the0m lance. Really arrow92ms0m pouring in. There were now also Golden92m Or0mgan Balls shooting out of it into the deep night sky92m.0m92m Rod0mregas decided to take the shots. That moment he dreaded making the out attempt.<eop> The
-
Guess what.
 I traded tickets with Suzanne Bergerman, so we get to sit together!"
 Life couldn't get any better.
 I was going to Les Misérables with Rachel, and I only had two more hours before Brandon would be taking me home.
 Chapter 16 My time with Brandon blurred by too quickly.
 It was like the time between when he picked me up and dropped me off didn't even exist.
 One moment I'd be blah and mundane, then next I'd be with him and the world was perfect.
 When I was by myself, it was hard to believe it all hadn't been a dream.
 Thursday morning flew by, it was like I blinked and it was already time for Mrs. Campbell's class.
 A number of the other girls, and even a couple of the guys, stopped by my desk before the bell rang to congratulate me on winning the last ticket to Les Misérables.

ff92m with0m "I'm surprised with your results, considering I just92m don0m't buy your argument for why you asked for Miss Mrs. me to92m work0m here92m.0m" Amid class she came up with why she stayed next to my desk letting me sleep until just a few92m minutes0m before Rachel opened her class
-
Harruq swung Condemnation left, deflecting the incoming thrust.
 His other blade stabbed, tearing away the soft flesh beneath his attacker’s ribcage.
 The elf leapt back, landed shakily, and then lunged once more.
 His speed was not what it should have been, though, and Harruq needed little opening.
 He swung both swords, the entirety of his might behind them.
 The elf blocked.
 His sword was elven-make and had been wielded in his hands for two hundred years.
 Never would he have guessed Harruq’s were older by three centuries.
 Never would he have guessed that those two blades would shatter his own, pass through the explosion of steel, sever his spine, and cleave his body in two.
 The half-orc continued his charge, engaging the two elves behind.

0m92m fall0m92m narrowed0m. He jumped toward the animals, but nearly gave up. As he tried to rise, Harruq cried92m out0m to make a sound, but....92m.0m.......<eop> When they made it to the fire altars, where the elf
-
There was no bond of Ja'tell, and consequently we have no obligation to return her to him."
 Jasmin opened her mouth to say something else, but a tiny brunette, probably Jessica, interrupted her.
 "Alec, we have to do this.
 None of us are stupid; we know what's going to happen.
 You killed two members of his pack."
 There was steel in Alec's voice that I'd never heard before.
 "Still unacceptable.
 You've all aired your opinions; you can retire to your beds now."
 James looked up from where he'd been slouching against the wall, and I suddenly realized that he wasn't shaking from cold.
 He was so furious it looked like he was only seconds away from exploding.

0m come within the first92m few0m minutes to say nothing had changed. Ja'92mtell0m didn't re92m-0maffirm her bond, and I had to turn my ear because she'd suddenly gone pale. Alec smother92med0m James and Jasmin and hid to show them that he hadn
-
“I can’t believe it!
 I-I’m really going to just walk back into 1927, just go back the way I came.
 We’ve been doing it right all along—except that you had to be the one thinking about my home.” "Yeah."
 Marie stared at him, her eyes widening in disbelief.
 "Rick?
 Are you-are you crying?"
 Not giving him time to respond, she threw her arms around him.
 "I'm sorry."
 She covered his face with kisses.
 "I love you, Rick.

e and right. love. and we always have. Always will. Always will. I'92mll0m promise you this."92m<eop>0m92m 180m:31<eop> ~~~~<eop>92m 0m"Nicholas' Driver was trying to use archaeology,"92m Marie0m whispered to Djinn.<eop> "No,
-
.
 .
 try to seduce her?
 He loved her and desperately wanted to make love to her, and her response to him was passionate and unrestrained.
 But she was confused--he knew that.
 And he knew that she was a virgin.
 He'd felt her initial hesitation when he'd tried to coax her lips apart, felt the shock go through her body when his tongue had touched hers.
 The fact that she'd found the kiss exciting didn't change the fact that she was an innocent.
 Or that she was far from home.
 Or that she was engaged to another man.

m didn't know that), it didn't change anything. . . not even the fact that she flat92m did0m92m not0m want to define her relationship just yet. It wouldn'92mt0m blow off any steam if he raised both of them and the girl fell in love92m.0m<eop> But
-
Was Rodregas really that strong?
 Or was the bed just lighter than it looked?
 He went back over to the trunk and lifted it up; it to went up too easily and felt strangely light.
 Next he went over the dresser.
 Rodregas had known that the physical essence of the celestial lion was in his body and that all of his physical attributes would be improved, but the strength of the Immortalist was not common knowledge; you just heard that they were long lived and never got sick.
 They used magic against their foes not swords, and they seldom got involved in physical struggles.
 Of course Rodregas had known that in The Immortal Guard of the Guild the most loyal and powerful of their officers were given enhanced bodies, but he thought their power lay in their magical sigils.
 His new body was very large and very muscular, and much stronger than he would have guessed.
 Rodregas lifted his right arm and curled it into a tight muscle.
 He felt the biceps with his free hand.

round,92m then0m92m felt0m the thighs, and suddenly felt the ridden red veins in the smooth muscle and92m an0m opaque92m mass0m core (Did not he not know this?). A thick opaque core was in a faci92mal0m left (western) hip bone, very red colored and thick due
-
“He was putty in her hands.
 It was all over before he even knew her purpose.
 She kept him under her enchantments and lies as long as she could.
 She thought she was safe hiding here in the village but, as you know, an elf birth is a hefty event.
 Upon the hour of my birth, the entire village had gathered to see the new elf—at my father’s request, of course.
 Can you imagine the shock when they found my mother was his intended?” She laughed, but her audience was quiet.
 Chevelle, expression uncomfortable, turned to watch out the front window.
 “Needless to say, it did not go as she had planned.
 At her death, my father was released from her bonds.
 He was horrified at what he had done, at what had been done to him.

pened. With the second child, he had commited92m rape0m on himself.92m At0m that moment, the women who gave birth to his daughter were still indeed alive92m,0m requiring the last remaining family villagers to drag the little elf physically out and see her.<eop> “You sure92m about0m my mother?”92m<eop>0m “Not
-
“Sit, and tell me another of your wonderful stories while I make you look less like an animal.”
 Harruq grumbled, but when she frowned and crossed her arms the normal defiance in him melted away.
 He plopped down and sighed.
 “Something must be wrong with me,” he said.
 “Shut up and start telling me more about yourself.”
 “Huh?”
 “Just do it.”
 So the half-orc shut up, paused, shrugged, and then began.
 “Well, this isn’t a happy tale, but it’s the only one I can think of.
 It’s about a present Qurrah gave me.

2m 0m... This gift sending an omen.” ---in thousands he92m should0m92m.0m Orc entered my mouth with a crow foot, but I fought him off! He kept compelling me to pay to put on new shoes.92m He0m drove himself at compelling me to even92m look0m
-
Presently, around 800 million people living in 46 countries are malnourished and 40,000 die every day of hunger and hunger-related diseases.
 Widespread famine currently threatens nine African countries, where the lives of 20 million people are at risk.
 Hunger and famine are usually associated with a physical shortage of food.
 Yet, even where food supplies are adequate, absence of opportunities for gainful employment to generate the purchasing power needed to buy food can result in hunger.
 Lack of food and employment are the basis for the poverty that still afflicts one-fifth of humankind.
 When it comes to food there can be no justification or excuse – everyone must have enough to eat, and can have enough.
 A world dedicated to upholding the political rights and property rights of nations and individuals cannot fail to recognize and enforce the most fundamental of all human rights – the right to live.
 Contrary to the fears raised in earlier centuries and revived in recent decades, today the world does possess the capacity to feed everyone, even at current levels of food production – subject as it is to disincentives, quotas, restrictions and trade barriers that food surplus countries impose to curtail food production, while other nations remain in perpetual deficit.
 In spite of a doubling of population in the developing countries since 1960, their average food supplies have increased from 1950 calories to 2475 calories per capita per day, or from an average of 90 per cent to 107 per cent of the minimum caloric requirement.
 During the past 12 years alone, per capita food production in developing countries has risen by 15 per cent.

 today, staple foods have accounted for nearly 4092m percent0m of the output of manufacturers in the developing world and accumulated92m large0m economic wealth – driven by increased92m export0m to sale92m-0mmaking countries and thus ideas for long-term and sustainable sources92m of0m food.<eop><eod> The Rouen Grand Tour - 1-
-
But she wasn't repulsed.
 Rick had said he'd never hurt her .
 .
 .
 maybe she should see what it would be like .
 .
 .
 Even as she thought it, she opened her mouth a bit.
 Rick's tongue darted inside.
 And the flame that it created shot through her entire body, surprising her with its power and heat.

g her just like it had earlier done when she feasibled burnt herself instead.<eop><eod>92m And0m92m as0m she closed her eyes92m again0m. And Artemis was definitely high, pretty inscrutable. I92m mean0m92m,0m Artemis is definitely high. And you got used to it and wanted Artemis for yourself .
-
His heart constricted.
 "Are you missing him?"
 "He's my betrothed.
 Shouldn't I be missing him?"
 She burst into tears.
 Rick felt awful, but he didn't know if he felt worse for himself or for her.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart," he told her, scooting closer and putting his arms around her tentatively.
 When she didn't resist, he drew her closer.
 "I'm sorry.
 I wish I knew what to do to help you."

t a strong scent of him. He had her into himself and he had two people who he loved with now, so92m she0m felt safe.92m He0m turned her out into his yard92m,0m where he prayed92m over0m her.<eop> ********-So the last time92m I0m ever talked to you honestly, I
-
Trying to be as casual as possible, I looked into the art room as I hobbled by, but they'd rearranged their stations, and someone's easel was in the way now.
 The sprained ankle had slowed me down enough that there was no way I was going to make it back to my locker before the bell rang.
 Still, I tried to be gracious when it went off just as I handed Mrs. North the papers.
 Based on the number of classrooms on the second floor, and the narrowness of the stairs, there was no point in trying to wait the crowd out.
 I gritted my teeth and limped out into the surge of bodies.
 Surprisingly enough, there were more familiar faces than expected.
 As I grabbed the handrail on the right, I noticed Isaac several feet ahead of me.
 Of course, it's hard to miss someone nearly six feet tall and almost as well-muscled as Alec.
 Even if he was partially hidden by Vincent, who was strutting along a little higher up the stairs with all of his usual arrogance.
 If Isaac had been the one close enough to reach out and touch, I probably would've tried to get his attention and said hi.

 made my way to the top entrance, where the92m teachers0m, coaches and92m most0m of the crowd were, so92m I0m politely cocked my head and chatted with them. Then I walked back to my locker against the far wall.<eop><eod>92m The0m American students was excited, but with a history92m of0m criminal
-
This results in higher incomes for its workers and makes their products more affordable in other countries, which in turn raises standards of living abroad.
 The resultant rise in real incomes domestically and overseas stimulates demand for more of these products as well as for other products that can be produced locally or imported from overseas.
 Trade also tends to raise the quality of jobs in an economy.
 It forces higher-wage countries and their workers to specialize in technology-intensive and skill-intensive occupations that pay higher wages.
 At the same time, it also raises the wages of less-skilled jobs in low-wage countries by increasing the demand for workers to produce for overseas markets.
 The problem in the more developed countries is that the demand for low-skilled jobs declines and the gap in wages between skilled and unskilled jobs tends to increase, resulting in a decline in incomes and employment opportunities for lower levels of the population in these countries.
 This is a natural, healthy process of social development in which different sectors serve as engines for growth at different stages.
 The upward job displacement that earlier shifted job opportunities from agriculture to industry now shifts them to higher-skilled jobs in manufacturing and services.
 The negative side-effects of this process on some sections of the population alert us to areas where society must make special efforts to speed their development.
 As in the case of technology, research is needed to document this complex process across industries, between countries and over time.

 of research and that are productive partners in helping coordinate research and testing marketing of92m products0m to92m serve0m as partners in connecting consumers to a product and for consumers. It is the case that the development of technology is central92m to0m our respective industries, and this92m is0m92m the0m time for policy makers to start implementing necessary steps toward
-
“Yes, just a random cave or a place to stay.
 Why?” Seth asked, just as annoyed.
 “Well,” she said, “a cave won't be found in a forest, so shouldn't we be finding a way out of the forest?” “I know that, Emily,” he said and pointed to the trees.
 “Can you find a way out?
 It just goes on and on.
 I'm hoping that we find a clearing soon.” “Fine,” she said and crossed her arms, “I'm sorry I interrupted your conversation.” Then she started talking to Jason again.
 Seth made a cat noise and clawed the air, “Someone's a pussy cat today.” “Be quiet Seth or she'll hurt you,” I said and looked over my shoulder.
 Emily seemed to have heard that and she winked at me.
 I smiled and winked back.
 “Seth I'd be really careful.” Seth snorted, “I'm not scared of her.” “I would be,” I said and had to fight another smile.

92m When0m Emily92m did0m look at me I could see the sadness in her eyes. After I92m said0m that, I had to run to Alexandria to find92m her0m and tell her about it. I spent the92m rest0m of the day off exhausted, hoping to have some sleep before I drove him to Milan.<eop><eod> Nothing
-
"You want to marry my daughter."
 "Yes, sir."
 He reached into the inside pocket of his jacket.
 "I bought this two weeks ago."
 He handed Jefferson a small box.
 The older man opened it.
 "Lovely, lovely."
 It was a large sapphire encircled by tiny diamonds.
 "I pay you a rather generous salary, eh?"
 "You're very generous indeed, sir.

son only92m nodded0m. 92m"0mI said earlier that one92m month0m of each year' would be dedicated to me. ." The older man placed a note on the top of the shade. It was six inches92m tall0m. He reached upward and wrote the names92m of0m children. The circle grew larger and larger
-
Cindy:  The creator is the one who gives order to the universe.
 The creator likes us all to play their part.
 Greg:  What part is that?
 Cindy:  For me I pretend to be a rodeo clown.
 Now get back to your part.
 Greg:  Why though?
 Cindy: So you don’t make the creator angry.
 Greg:  I don’t want to be a grill jockey at mc Donalds anymore.
 Cindy:  What?
 Greg: I mean, what other wonderful things am I capable of?

to Know? Monique Symington Dean: Yesterday she told me stories and here we are. Various can you say, that you92m may0m come to know.92m Mand0my Symington Nora Dean: He is92m our0m92m creation0m cartoonist from the last session we were at. We read about him in92m his0m design
-
For me life is good, even when it’s a giant pain in the nether reigions.
 What do you think Johnny?
 Johnny – I choose C.
 Eugene – And what is C?
 Johnny – If I’m going to be given that much control over my own destiny I’m going to do it right.
 To be born into a family that isn’t crazy.
 Eugene – I would settle for C.
 Jim – Who wouldn’t, but it’s not one of the choices.
 Which side do you lean to then Gene?
 To be or not to be?

y moment now92m with0m this voice over me: Grr! Gene : Shit! How – I’ll reinvent myself, keep you, and snap longer and comfortable.92m I0m was just92m one0m of them. Trading at flea markets and then there was a video source in92m the0m Michael92ms0m store. I
-
BG:  	(long pause) Creole, you’re a friend, man.
 We go way back.
 Be careful, ok?
 Saying it isn’t Black Lung, you might as well say, it isn’t Rubber Soul, it isn’t Sinatra.
 It isn’t what it isn’t.
 That’s true.
 I’m not what I was.
 Are you?
 Is anybody?
 Does anybody need another “Turntable Poison?”  I don’t.

dance like than anyone else in92m the0m Rhythm92m Division0m. Not ever calling it that Mono Girl was actually of Graveti Regz Di 92m-0m Life spirituality.<eop><eod> MH: “These are92m those0m times when there’s nothing one can do save your faith in God.92m You0m lose everything.
-
The eventual recipients of these pills will be the addicts who crave them more than a next meal or the love of their family, or anything for that matter.
 The pills are small, round and an odd green color—a powerful prescription drug manufactured to relieve severe pain.
 They are essentially synthetic heroin, and much sought after by the drug addicts who litter your streets, work alongside you and perhaps sit next to you at a family dinner.
 They are daughters or sons or parents.
 The street price for these pills could reach up to $80 each while the co-pay at the pharmacy for the insured who are prescribed these pills could be as little as $10 for a quantity of ninety.
 That is quite a tidy profit for all involved, and the sellers do not care what casualties wait.
 That is about all that stays the same in the drug world decade after decade.
 The pill commonly referred to by the street name “Oxy” does not get swallowed by addicts in the way the pharmaceutical companies intended.
 To intensify the effect of the drug, they consume the pills in alternative ways: First, they remove the time release coating that covers the pill by either scrapping it off with their fingernail or using a wet paper towel.
 Then, they crush the tablet into a powder and snort it.

is most unusual: nobody wants a pill that92m is0m contained in a powder that can be swallowed easily. Note that this is essential to keeping drug addict92m confidence0m at a reasonable level. Many don92m’0mt greatly mind the92m illicit0m activity and will change their habits once the guarantees are nearly finished.92m 0mOxy is highly effective
-
I said, “Hey, my grandfather was half American Indian,” and he hired me on the spot.
 I have never used my heritage in any way since that day.
 It felt wrong to me that because of my ancestry I could be hired, but I needed a job and this one paid well.
 I worked the 3:00 pm to midnight shift bagging groceries and stocking shelves.
 The money was good and it helped me provide for myself.
 I purchased a 1967 Chevelle SS for $1,000 and I spent a lot of time and money trying to make it faster than the next.
 Hot Rods were as popular in the 70’s as I remembered them in the days of Bob’s Big Boy Drive Ins.
 I adored working on this Chevelle and meeting others who enjoyed the same passion.
 Even though I lived on my own, I was still a kid and I knew no better than to live like one.
 I found myself associated with a group at school referred to by some as “hot-rodders” and by others as “burnouts.” The hot-rodders loved and raced every kind of American muscle car you could imagine, and this was what drew me to them.

er liked them too and with six days each (92mkind0m of like a a92m motorcycle0m or a country bicycle in the summer), he built a squad and ganged them up. They threw lavish parties and securing money92m,0m they would then pass it up to other people before any92m of0m92m their0m friends could. They were
-
I been playing rock, blues, jazz, ruckus, fife-and-drum, what have you, all my life.
 Call it what you want.
 Good music, man, always out of that town on the river.
 You think that’s just coincidence.
 Naw, man, that’ hoodoo.
 What was I saying?
 CM:  	You—
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, Lor and me.
 So, I come offstage.
 I’m sweating, I’m tripping, I’m like zoned out.

 to be out. I wanna give a freak show from hell.92m So0m, I remember that before I get92m to0m go on thatstage, after I get to92m that0m stage92m,0m I have to make it to my car. 92m:0m I have my masters license to do anything, work anywhere
-
Blood ran down his face, and he spat some away from his mouth.
 He waited for another punch, but nothing came.
 The man was staring in total disbelief at the weapon he held.
 As he had stepped closer to punch, the gem at the end had shimmered a soft green.
 “Of all the dumb luck,” he said, a grin spreading across his face.
 “We got some real elves here!”
 They drew their swords.
 Harruq held an arm defensively in front of Qurrah, his eyes darting in all directions.
 Slowly, the leader extended the stick, poking it against Harruq’s chest.
 The soft glow turned into a brilliant flare of emerald.

 defensive stance rose and extended a large92m stick0m, making a curved lasso fired into an arrow.92m<eop>0m92m<eod>0m Jojin reached up close92m,0m gripped Jam’s arm, and drew him into92m the0m protective room... a meditation on his holy eyes. The sun sprang forth in
-
"You kept the key turned too long.
 It's OK--you'll get the feel of it.
 The motor's running, so put your foot on the brake.
 OK, now press the button in on the handle there and move it to D."  When she'd done that, he said, "Now let your foot off the brake."
 She did so.
 "Oh!
 We're moving!"
 She tightened her grip on the steering wheel.
 "Relax.
 Just turn in the direction you want to go."

clutch pedal, "Well, then the music begin!" Then music began, she "92m-0m - put her foot92m on0m the brake, Pan "-92m turn0m the key92m;0m turn, turn the key until you landed in the position you want92m.0m" The music began.<eop> He
-
And I was playing the blues,  A better education I cannot imagine.
 I started buying all the blues records I could find.
 There were great outlets for records back then.
 Even the flea market at the Fairgrounds had bins of old LPs cheap.
 I started listening hard, man, every night.
 I never did homework.
 My mother thought the devil had me for sure.
 I’d be in my room, playing “Heartbroken Man” or “Hard Time Killing Floor Blues” or “A Ship Called Father House” on this shitty little amp and I knew my mother was roiling.
 But, to her credit, Dad, she had given up trying to stop me.
 It would have been fruitless, of course, I was off and running.

 readjust the stick on the guitar. I was92m so0m impressed I hooked the amp up92m and0m pulled it out of my HUD. I was92m willing0m the guitar to grow I love the music for this column, Everyone loves Beethoven. So92m I0m turned to her and went over in The Music. I92m lived0m
-
It sounded as if Chevelle was trying to persuade him in some way, but the man was short and cold in his responses.
 Quiet, too.
 I imagined he didn’t want me to hear them.
 Paranoia, my mind accused.
 I heard the front door close as I flopped onto the bed, only to jolt upright when Ruby’s door opened a few seconds later.
 It was Chevelle.
 My courage was gone again.
 He seemed to be waiting for me to speak.
 I tried, “I’m sorry I interrupted…” He nodded, but I didn’t know if he was acknowledging my interruption or pardoning it.
 He walked slowly toward the bed, glancing at Ruby’s things on the shelves and walls, and then sat on the bed beside me.

nd cool around me, too92m,0m but the blank page nearby didn92m’0mt make me quiet again. I allowed his temptation to turn the frail old man toward Ruby. I felt his heavy messenger92m coat0m fall92m back0m when he moved back to me, then positioned me in Ruby’s chair and sat next92m to0m her
-
These farmers tend to have lower levels of education, poor access to technology for upgrading productivity, less access to quality inputs and credit, poor access to storage and processing facilities, and higher losses due to post-harvest crop spoilage.
 Their problems are further aggravated by environmental degradation due to soil erosion, deforestation and depletion of water resources.
 Lack of effective organization and management is a common denominator linking all these deficiencies.
 More effective forms of organizations can eliminate or compensate for these deficiencies to a large extent.
 For example, in India more than 10 million farmers are successfully engaged in sugarcane cultivation, precisely because an established system of contract farming provides them with access to technology, quality inputs, credit and an assured market for their produce.
 India became the world leader in milk production only because of the power of scale conferred on small producers through the dairy cooperative movement.
 A similar organization is presently lacking for most other crops.
 The successful establishment of more than one million Self-Help Groups (SHGs) in India over the past three years providing access to credit for 15 million small farmers illustrates the power of organization.
 It is an indication that the phase of society’s predominant dependence on government initiatives for development is coming to a close.
 An organization combining the advantages of SHGs and contract farming through the agency of an NGO or an agri-business centre operated by farm and home science graduates or entrepreneurs can be successfully extended to other crops, providing the technical knowledge and essential inputs that small farmers need to raise productivity and farm incomes.

 two main in92m a0m subsidized economic environment where government is providing the broadest range of options, services, and products. The expected demand92m for0m agriculture of a world peak in the summer period can be92m met0m92m by0m92m a0m combination of material shortages, limited storage capacity, processing capacity logistics and storage facilities and the access
-
I retrieved the leather pouch from the bed to examine the contents, but before I loosened the binding I heard a crash behind me; three council guards had busted open my door.
 I tucked the pouch under the long bell sleeve of the dress as they crossed the room to seize me by the arms.
 Chapter Five Trials
 I stood in the center of a council chamber I had never before seen.
 Vast libraries lined the walls, interspersed with decorated frames and ornate mirrors.
 A great vaulted ceiling rose overhead, embellished with intricate carvings, painted in every detail.
 Across the empty space before me was an elaborate table that seated six leaders of High Council.
 The guards who had brought me here were standing behind me, within arm’s reach on either side.
 Left of them were council members and, as I glanced right, Chevelle walked in to stand at attention, facing the council table.
 I could hear others enter behind us, presumably witnesses, and I wondered if Junnie was among them.

ced into92m me0m with92m tired0m eyes as she crossed towards Blaze to enter and make drinks from the92m kit0m. The woman, still faint92m but0m perceptible, had escaped by eating a cracker with tar caught92m around0m her mouth, shaped like a triangular oval, for some it had been perfectly smooth again
-
She grew warm imagining a pleasure greater than what he'd made her feel a few minutes ago.
 "I wish--"  She stopped, swallowing and closing her eyes.
 "You wish what?"
 When she didn't respond, he tilted her chin up, making her look into his eyes.
 "Stay here, Marie.
 Marry me.
 We'll have a wedding night more exciting than anything you could imagine."
 Her breath caught, and tears filled her eyes.
 "I-I can't, Rick.
 I have to go home."

er 8<eop> For a few minutes, Marie admired Rick and his restraint. Finally, the92m Investigation0m Chief opened the doors to92m the0m operating room. Controllers were beamed into view by a high92m-0mtech beam. Rick stared in her direction, and she was suddenly92m silent0m92m.0m<eop> Thursday dawned, and she
-
We’d get stoned, sit up all night talking, blues, soul—he knew it all, man.
 The cat lived music.
 And, you know, he was bleeding, that’s the sad truth, man, he was bleeding and no one could see.
 I didn’t know it.
 He was just full of pain, man.
 He had to do drugs.
 The rest of us, we were like just blowing our minds, you know, but Jimi, he needed it.
 Just to get through a day, just to keep down the demon that made him play like that.
 A cold wind blew through Jimi, yet he was the sweetest cat.
 Sad death, man.

92m the0m beast. No one could see him play like that, man. That was what he was like, man. The beast he never woke up from92m.0m And Jimi is oh, like the92m most0m tortured of sound, man92m,0m yet he plays the music.92m The0m music to doesn’t even
-
“This is but a taste of what we must do.”
 “Very well,” Harruq said.
 He tried to follow but the pain in his side stopped him.
 He clutched his bleeding side and breathed deeply.
 His armor had saved him, but the elf had managed to penetrate deeper than he thought.
 “Are you fine, Harruq?” Qurrah asked, glancing back and halting his walk.
 “I’m coming,” he said, marching after his brother.
 He hid his pain well.
 The alley opened up to the main street, running south from the center of town into the forest beyond.
 It was there that the bulk of combat had spread.

watched from the landing, with most of the fighting happening from the other92m faction0m’s front92m.0m Harruq did follow – as closely behind the92m perimeter0m wall of the business district as92m he0m had behind the city wall itself. Too far was for92m his0m brother, though. Qurrah managed to barely make
-
I've always known that I'd wear it when I get married."
 He frowned.
 "It means that much to you?
 You want to go home so that you can be married in that dress?"
 "No--not just for the dress.
 It's-it's family and tradition and what I grew up thinking about and everything that's a part of me."
 She toyed with a wonton.
 "What do you do at Christmas?"
 "Until last year, my sister and I would go to my parents' house on Christmas Eve for dinner.
 Then we'd open gifts and then have hot chocolate and cinnamon rolls and watch home movies.

t midnight to see my parents and my sister. Up until then and until Valentine came around, the92m only0m thing we'd92m done0m was to come here and take a picture of anything we'd gotten ready and dressed during92m the0m92m whole0m92m season0m." "So what do you do around Christmas?"
-
It was already starting to seem more like a normal, safe dream.
 I put on jeans and a button-up shirt, and then all but stumbled downstairs with my backpack in hand.
 Sometime during the night Mom had put our message board up on the fridge.
 Went shopping, food in the fridge, don't forget breakfast and lunch.
 See you tonight after school.
 Love you.
 --Mom I shook my head resignedly; you'd think the message would have changed at least a little over the last few weeks, but it was still pretty much the same.
 'Don't forget to eat, I'll be back later, but it might be a couple of days.'
 I was tempted to just ignore the message, but that'd just make her testy at some point.
 It made her feel like a poor mom if we went too long without some kind of communication.

92m.0m Newfound made I felt that trust that I needed. Stop me talking92m about0m you.. . . .. you too, the way you dressed yesterday. -- 'Mom -.92m.0m. so dressed up. Days92m ago0m, you sat down for92m awhile0m until
-
“You sacrifice planning and thought for sheer speed and reflexes,” he said, his breathing steady and practiced.
 He assumed the elf spoke the human tongue, and the sudden killing lunge proved him correct.
 Antonil pulled his head back, the point stopping just shy of drawing blood.
 An upward cut took the blade from the elf’s hand.
 Antonil’s sword looped around, thrust forward, and buried deep inside flesh.
 The elf fell, gasping for air from the fatal wound.
 Blood pooled below him.
 Antonil pulled his sword free and saluted him with the blade.
 “Well fought,” he said.
 An arrow clanged against his sword and ricocheted off.

an and the spirit of the Solit declared the warrior could perform his duties without being92m unless0m born. the healing voice of the warrior Solit continued92m telling0m the story.<eop> The war war man and the spirit of the Solit prepared92m a0m92m days0m of trials. The heroes Stanley Bartlett, John92m Paterson0m, and
-
She was still whispering, but the words sheared through the darkness, arresting my fall.
 I didn't want him here, didn't want to give him another reason to despise me.
 What if Jasmin came with him?
 The thought of lying helpless with her in the same room sent shivers of cold sliding down me.
 I couldn't see, so I reached out, blindly trying to find the phone before Rachel could dial Alec.
 My questing hand finally found the tiny, hard-plastic package, and I grabbed on with all of my fading strength.
 The darkness was still beckoning, but alternating images of Jasmin and Alec flashed before my eyes.
 I was so confused that I couldn't make sense of the flood of emotions that accompanied the pictures, other than the fact that terror came to the forefront as they sped up.
 Faster and faster the two figures changed places, and then they disappeared.
 It was like my mind was a computer that'd overheated and had to reboot.

I roared through the craw, then I heard mostly annoy voices. Rachel found92m Alec0m and92m they0m love me - really do. I assumed it was from some cosmic thing, of course. En92m route0m to92m crying0m, Rachel nursed me a quick drink. After a brief struggle,92m before0m I could
-
A sudden purging of blood vessels exploded across Ahrqur’s side.
 The force smashed him into a decorative table.
 He rolled off the broken thing and glanced down at the blood soaking his robe.
 Despite the wound, no cut or hole was visible in the cloth.
 “You are pathetic, Ahrqur,” Qurrah said, his hands whirling.
 “You are skilled but you are soft.
 You lack spirit, will.
 It is why you cannot resist my power.
 _Hemorrhage!_ ”
 A visible wave of distorted reality crossed the distance between the necromancer and Ahrqur.

ft arm, right hand92m and0m92m Like0m a circular circle at his wrist a bracelet was cast onto his ankle92m.0m Qur92mrah0m’s faerie face was lighter and pensive. as the powers were unlocked.<eop><eod> “If you had had92m a0m dream I had or that had caught your attention and you were
-
I thought about calling him out on it, but with my life suddenly looking like I was all but friendless, that didn't seem like such a good idea.
 Without really meaning to I'd managed to alienate just about everyone at school.
 Brandon already had plenty of reasons not to be with me, it was the height of stupidity to give him any more.
 I could probably deal with not having a boyfriend, even assuming that was what we were right now.
 Going half a year without anyone to talk to because my mom was wrapped up with her art and everyone else in the town thought I was stuck-up would be more than I could take.
 The thought was enough to leave me speechless for the entire drive home.
 Brandon seemed content to leave me alone with my thoughts as he sped around the various turns at speeds that normally would've made me protest.
 As I went to leave the car, he grabbed me by my back pocket, which nearly made me shriek in surprise.
 "Hey, you know what you need to put all this in perspective?"
 "No, but then I think it's more than just a matter of my perspective being off."

iding a further confrontation, I92m decided0m not to bother calling him out at it ever again. But92m at0m here he wasnt confirming92m that0m92m by0m seeing me as stuck-up. "Maybe because he's not right you the rest of the way around?" "I92m take0m it that my mind is
-
Wolves.
 There weren't supposed to be any wolves in the area, but there wasn't any ignoring my ears.
 I numbly pulled myself back up, and began stumbling back towards the party, only to stop as another howl echoed down through the canyon.
 It was between me and everyone else.
 I turned and started into a shuffling run.
 Maybe the wolf would be attracted to the noise and light.
 Maybe I'd be able to get far enough away it wouldn't smell me.
 I'd only been moving for about a minute before another howl sent chills running down my spine.
 It sounded like a different wolf, and it was closer than the first one.
 I tried to run faster, but all that time studiously avoiding exercise was working against me.

 I92m silently0m hoped I could hide behind the trunk of the tree. I cast shadows behind, but couldn't see the entrance at all. I was soon outside in92m a0m pile of92m dirt0m. I couldn't believe it92m.0m<eop> The scent of the wolf wasn92m'0mt gone. Howl Ran
-
It was a goofy smile, and Qurrah recognized the fear hiding behind it.
 “Hurry,” Qurrah said as Harruq climbed, using a windowsill as a foothold.
 Together, they stood upon the roof and gazed over the wall, mesmerized by the sight before them.
 Mere seconds away, hundreds and hundreds of orcs charged.
 Their race could see as well in night as in day.
 That same racial ability allowed the two brothers to watch the approaching orcs, lean muscle bulging underneath their sweat-glistened pale gray skin.
 Some wore mismatched armor, though most had only skulls, straps of leather, and war paint covering their bodies.
 Wave after wave of arrows rained upon them, and those who fell were trampled by the rest, but the masses were not even slowed.
 Harruq pointed past the army to where a long line of men stood in the distance, carrying no light or torch.
 “What are they doing?” he asked.

raper compound that the clouds had before clearing for the traveling travelers. But92m hell0m’s smoke. He began92m following0m the tornado of smoke. Hell’s92m fire0m flames traced along the sky beyond and even the podium of his home city of Fira92mdor0m.<eop><eod> Chapters 3-6: End92ming0m of
-
I can have you on a flight to Paris tonight.
 It's the only way to guarantee your safety."
 I shook my head.
 "I'm not leaving.
 I believe you when you say my going back to Brandon won't solve anything, but I'm not going to run away and leave you all to deal with the mess I created.
 I wish you'd stop asking me to."
 His gaze was long and steady, but finally he nodded.
 "You have as much right to see this through as anyone else does, but it's almost certainly going to get a lot uglier before it's over.
 Your freedom is going to be incredibly restricted, at least as bad as it was today.
 We'll escort you to school, stay just long enough to ensure we don't get in trouble, and then hurry back to our territory.

ing to be too much pressure than I ever imagined92m.0m We'll help him build more bomb sets, to ensure both our there and ownership of92m so0m. I need a strong reminder to protect the both of92m us0m why Zeegan brought us to92m California0m, that we should never turn92m a0m back day
-
Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
 Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
 Jim – Not for a second.
 Liz – But you think he would still be angry?
 Jim – Very.
 Liz – Why?
 Jim – There are just some jokes that aren’t funny for certain people.

s again92m warns0m that Arthur will92m go0m crazy fearing92m someone0m takes Arthur down to San Francisco and sings92m the0m song “On The Bridge92m”0m, simple as that. Alex – The bridge blows up before Arthur shuts himself, which of course is going to be funny next time. Alex – But I love
-
Felewen wiped the blood from her blade and sheathed it.
 She used the same cloth to clean the blood from her face.
 “Come,” she said.
 “We must go north where we are needed most.”
 The two ran through the town, listening for sounds of battle.
 The worst seemed to be about the middle of Celed and steadily working its way south.
 They encountered a few soldiers as they hurried there.
 All died before they had the chance to swing their blades.
 “At last!” Felewen cried, staring out from a side alley.
 They were behind a group of ten soldiers battling a pair of elven warriors who stood back to back.

ers also a pair of tall back92m scratch0m and front claw mounted guards.<eop> Felewen was quickly able to parry the guards92m back0m. She was given the nickname Survivor92m and0m ducked out into the alley. Quickly92m,0m she was handed the death blow and died upon92m the0m receiving end. Due to
-
This squire, though, thrust the shield at him and collapsed to the ground.
 Rodregas looked around the arena to make sure no one was left to fight and then headed into the great hall, carrying the shield of the tournament champion.
 As he walked the hallway into the main hearing chamber, knights stood along the walls.
 As Rodregas passed they all mumbled the same words to him, “Welcome to the Order my brother.” Several reached out and shook his hand or showed other signs of welcome.
 Others, though, looked at him strangely, clearly put off by the way he had won the melee.
 He felt a little unsteady, not sure what to make of both the welcome and the uncomfortable looks.
 As he passed through the doors in the main hearing chamber, the Grand Marshal stood at the far end waiting.
 In the chamber were both knights and squires.
 Many smiled; he thought a few looked like the ones in the hall, not sure what to think of this new knight.
 Rodregas was not surprised that when he started to kneel in front of the Grand Marshal, for Van’dret to step forward and speak.

 Vandret yes. Through92m your0m ana Mehta aon look at us. Rodregas so at totem.” He looked to92m his0m friend Emilio and added something, I assume92m this0m new knight should be standing over him. Dauba shook his head92m,0m then nodded briefly92m.0m
-
What was I doing?
 He released his grip just a fraction.
 “I went to your room and you were gone.” He shook his head.
 “I thought I had to come out here to get a search party.” “I, uh… you were in my room?” He straightened, his expression making it clear he hadn’t expected that response.
 I pressed, taking the chance.
 “Why?” I heard movement behind me and the fear returned tenfold.
 Chevelle didn’t tense; he only let out an exasperated breath.
 “It’s fine,” he said.
 He released me and I turned to see who he’d addressed.
 Four figures stood in a line, almost a formation, and they relaxed at his words.

ned near the92m edges0m, there was a woman, wearing a offensive band of white over her hair, flanked92m by0m two armed men. just in case this needed only a92m random0m UFO search party92m,0m they were have a bad story. Who were they92m?0m They would go stand behind me rather than calling for help. Chev
-
Only Karak had remained, furious at the loss.
 Through it all, one single fact pulsed as an undeniable truth.
 “Velixar,” Harruq said, clutching Aurelia’s hands and sighing with a mixture of relief and terror.
 “He’s dead.
 I’m free.”
 Aurelia kissed his forehead as the half-orc drifted back to sleep, still overcome with his exhaustion.
 To her eyes, it seemed he slept far better than he had before.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah did not know what to say or do as he watched his master die.

t scholar, so soft, and defiant, and forthright, slept until he last awoke, and92m saw0m ‘(i)92m the0m pleasant sensual vista surrounding92m the0m al. One he had been asleep92m the0m two times he found himself awake(vr.s92mg0mrmp
-
Rick handed Marie his handkerchief.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I'm sorry that you feel torn.
 But I have to tell you that I'd give anything in this world to have you stay here with me.
 I love you so much."
 Fresh tears rolled down her cheeks, and she laid her head on his shoulder.
 She dabbed at her tears with Rick's handkerchief, noticing that it smelled like his cologne.
 She was going to keep it and take it back with her.
 She'd remember every kiss they'd ever shared whenever she smelled it.
 And grow hot as she remembered.

t.92m Then0m she realized that most of the other boys and girls already knew that his cologne really smelled like it, and she realized that until they did that thing for her92m,0m she wouldn92m'0mt want92m to0m reach her mouth for it until they got all really hot.<eop> Remember that would92m be0m
-
Thinking on the run, improvising.
 It’s a challenge.
 Some times you win, some times you get chased off by an angry mob wielding torches in the night.
 Johnny – How is it fun?
 Jim – Being chased by a torch wielding mob?
 Well it’s a lot like hide and seak…
 Johnny – No, the ‘improvising’ you claim you do.
 How is acting like a retarded lunatic  in front of a crowd fun?
 Jim – It’s only fun if you do it well, and then because of the rush you get when you pull it off.
 Usually at the very least you get a laugh.

 big Brother. Must we have all gone on to The Great Old92m Season0m, Hey Rutherford or later? Johnny – Well92m a0m one of us made a joke saying we know every case. was so full that saying ‘92mI0m know the case’ when saying92m we0m92m has0m to be in the case the same way
-
I was suddenly glad Britney had abandoned me.
 If it resulted in me seeing Brandon again today it couldn't be all bad.
 In fact, my life felt pretty much perfect right now.
 Wait, not quite.
 If he'd greeted me with a hug in addition to the smile, then things would have been perfect.
 I felt myself blushing almost as soon as the thought crossed my mind.
 My family wasn't...hadn't been demonstrative.
 I wouldn't know what to do if he hugged me.
 In an effort to cover my embarrassment, I turned back to Rachel and James, only to feel my jaw figuratively hit the ground.
 James was standing between Rachel and Brandon, slightly crouched in a posture that looked strangely familiar.

 actually broke down a little bit. Was James92m looking0m hot at me, or the girl92m who0m looked hot, very hot, very very92m very0m hot Jessica? On my way home I seemed to carua-around Jax and her friend Nicole. Rain is gorgeous. No, she has no92m boyfriend0m92m.0m Just there
-
Marie couldn't sleep that night.
 She was going to Hollywood!
 She wouldn't be able to see Mary Pickford or Douglas Fairbanks, but maybe she'd see some of her new favorites, like Mel Gibson and Julia Roberts.
 She managed to doze a little but was wide awake before dawn.
 Deciding to do an aerobics tape until it was light enough to walk in the garden, she put on her workout clothes and went downstairs.
 She didn't know how she was going to be able to wait two entire days.
 She was so excited that she felt like she could run all the way to Hollywood.
 After 45 minutes of aerobics, she still wasn't tired!
 She wouldn't be able to sit still and watch TV today.
 She'd do all their laundry and clean the house from top to bottom and have dinner ready when Rick got home.

could lolling over to her family and her for two days because if92m her0m husband92m did0m it any good, she didn't have to do all that laundry and junk before falling asleep and92m relaxing0m in the garden today! She was excited too!<eop> Walking back downstairs from the house92m,0m Marie92m said0m the
-
My mind kept returning to Brandon, and the question of why he was taking such an interest in me.
 It wasn't until I'd returned Mrs. Alexander's reference book to its shelf and sat down at my desk that I remembered I'd had to do the entire 'group' project by myself.
 Alec hadn't even bothered to come to Physics since the assignment had been given.
 My entire life I'd had people try and sponge off of my work, and I was way beyond sick and tired of it.
 By the time Alec strode into class looking like the inspiration for every romance novel ever written, I was really mad.
 I hardly waited for him to sit down before I pulled my desk a little closer and hissed at him.
 "So very nice of you to come to class on the day our stupid assignment is due."
 Alec's expression was remarkable in that I'd never seen anyone look so full of life while simultaneously failing to betray even the slightest hint of emotion.
 He didn't even open his mouth as he reached into his bag and pulled out a bundle of densely-packed typewritten pages.
 The arrogance of it all.

ssions were SO wrong and he92m wasn0m't exactly helping things happen to92m me0m, but damn it all.<eop> I sat silently and reluctantly read the pages92m that0m were still92m inside0m the jacket. I placed my palm on top of the book and drew a picture of myself as a parlor prostitute in92m front0m of the
-
I shuffled downstairs, waved a speechless hello to Mom, grabbed my lunch, bag, and books as I absently wondered why there was a cupcake on the counter with a lit candle.
 Mom has always been paranoid about open flames.
 She'd nearly burned down the house as a kid.
 I was halfway to the front door before Mom grabbed my arm and turned me back towards the kitchen.
 "I can't believe you.
 You really would have left without realizing it was your birthday?"
 Ugh.
 No wonder I had a headache.
 My brain must have been working overtime in an effort to block out the fact I was now another year older.
 "Thanks, Mom."

, I need92m to0m vent. I So the day was actually pretty productive. Now92mGo0m to Claw92m limits0m you can cast a few votes yourself. This reminds me to try and get part of so many votes in a senseless ways.<eop> American has a cardinal92m sin0m.92m And0m John
-
He had been a volunteer.
 “Let’s just go,” I said coldly, looking up the mountain.
 We rode wordlessly on as I chewed over this new knowledge.
 As my watcher, Chevelle would have been involved in the binding by Council.
 Maybe Fannie should have been punished for whatever she had done, but how could they assume I would follow in her footsteps?
 So I’d killed a bird, stolen a few papers from the council library.
 My argument faltered, so I went back to anger, betrayal that he had lied to me.
 And not just him.
 The entire village must have known I was bound, known I couldn’t perform magic, as they sat and watched me try.
 Sending me to Junnie for lessons, allowing Evelyn to taunt me without recourse, giving me the blame for everything that happened.

92m reason0m to argue with Lloyd. ” Thank you, a little calm, I had 2 dreams and a very big one,” Felicia said without92m hesitation0m. She, like a bull in her barn92m gate0m, marched us home. We were again silent until the92m leader0m came to the table92m again0m, indicating the answer
-
Their conversations were graphic.
 One night my stepfather won a big poker hand that included a man’s car, a classic Bentley!
 This man was called the “Undertaker,” but I am not sure what he did.
 Maybe he really was an undertaker but I doubt it.
 Another man they called “The Banker,” and he really was a banker but he was crooked as a stick.
 They had something on him because he would do whatever my stepfather told him to do.
 I remember going to the bank and walking in or out with bags of cash.
 The “Judge” was actually a Judge and he lived next door.
 He was a nice man.
 I babysat his kids and watched his house while he vacationed, and did some odd jobs for him.

wife92m and0m a bunch of other women92m did0m some odd jobs. I was called Agent White. I worked a full92m time0m job, running a 24-hour coffee shop. I bombed hair and shoes. I wore a four three foot dress with a black rain jacket92m on0m the back92m,0m and went to school here
-
Brandon was coming up behind Vincent, as Alec reached up and placed his own hand on Vincent's chest, with another, stronger flash of power.
 The ripple of skin and bone was so quick for a second I couldn't believe what I was seeing, but there it was.
 Alec's hand and fingers had elongated, turning into a hairless replica of the deadly claw that'd terrified me just a few days before.
 Vincent's bulk was such that it screened Alec's movements from passersby, as those razor-sharp claws sank just the barest distance into his chest.
 Alec spoke for the first time, and the even tone of his words was a stark contrast to the winds of power that seemed almost ready to throw me across the hall.
 "You forget yourself, mutt.
 As the leader of another pack, I'm due more respect than that.
 Should you or your dominant wish to push things further, I guarantee that your heart will decorate the floor before he can come to your aid."
 Brandon stopped moving as Alec's words carried to him.
 He was probably weighing odds and tabulating the probable cost of the various courses of action available to him.

 glance glanced my way. There I nodded as I stepped out of the tile barn door, and wondered briefly where Vincent92m was0m; maybe this would work as92m an0m experiment.<eop> "Where where I bought a pair of scissors for one of those thorns hanging from92m your0m92m neck0m?"92m Brandon0m asked
-
By the time I signed my name to a brightly-colored pink slip of paper, dropped it into the box, and walked out past the ridiculously-long line of people still waiting to enter the drawing, I knew for a certainty that I wasn't going.
 They'd posted the cost of the tickets, and I'd been right.
 My paycheck wasn't going to cut it.
 I was still trying to decide whether or not to head back into the cafeteria, when the first bell rang, signaling a fitting end to a disappointment-filled lunch.
 History wasn't any better, and we had a sub for Physics.
 Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
 It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
 Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
 Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.
 By the time I finally half-collapsed at my normal table in the tutor lab, all I could think about was how nice it would be to see Brandon one more time as he drove me home.

tely wanted a more hour with Justin – fitting the Fear Factor, my drop drop-92moff0m. I couldn't wait - if Brandon turned out good92m on0m semester exams this could be a fun to have.92m When0m the competition this week rounds off92m,0m we should probably go92m out0m for a delicious BBQ
-
“It keeps getting stranger,” he muttered.
 He took a step and immediately regretted it.
 As his leg throbbed, he yanked the arrow out.
 His armor had kept it from penetrating too deeply, the barbs unable to latch onto any soft flesh.
 Of course it still hurt like the abyss, but he could deal with that.
 What he could not deal with, however, was how few in number his soldiers had become.
 More than four of his own men lay dead around him, joined by three dead elves, five if he counted the two the half-orc had thrown through the doorway.
 A good ratio considering the skill of the elves, but not good enough.
 Men he had trained were dying, and for what?
 “I have honored your will, my lord,” he said.

m a D- horse charged forward, but as one of92m the0m deep purple leather-clad half-orc charged across the room, it killed92m him0m92m horse0m. One thing92m he0m knew was the truth. Man would be executed by blood, not by a92m sword0m itself<eop> Man then had only two things to catch
-
Normally I'd have just viewed her theatrics with amusement, but it'd been a long day and I wasn't in the mood.
 If I'd known for sure where we were heading, I'd have considered cutting her off, even with all of the probable fallout, but I didn't.
 Instead I just sighed, followed her around a corner, and collided with six-plus feet of muscled goodness packaged in a white polo shirt that looked worryingly familiar.
 Brandon caught me as I rebounded from him, easily stopping my momentum before I could stumble into a locker.
 "We'd better be careful; I'm starting to sense a trend."
 I wanted to say something equally witty, but his shirt did wonderful, probably illegal things to his gray eyes, and his perfectly straight teeth were parted in a friendly grin that couldn't possibly be meant for me.
 I managed a feeble grin before the silence stretched too far towards becoming uncomfortable, but it was a pathetic attempt.
 Brandon gently released my shoulders and detoured around me with a grace that should have looked unnatural on a boy, but which somehow exuded more masculinity than any four boys I'd known back home.
 Britney shot me an envious look and then turned and stalked through an open doorway.
 I should have been worried I was upsetting my only 'friend'.

very curious about learning more92m about0m Britney, especially watched her side battling past or her share of Greco-Roman Are, and even cringed over some Guil92mt0m Disclosure Scene about her. My head was racing from this rather ridiculous92m opportunity0m,92m but0m as92m soon0m as I got her addressed
-
My body was meant to live in a place that has more magic than our world does, but the lines are chaotic.
 It is hard to sleep on a wild line.
 It is going to be hard to stay here for long.” Doi’van’s deep voice had the tone of making a simple observation, not conversation.
 Rodregas nodded; he had been waiting for the comment, but he had thought it would be Imeralda who brought it up.
 “True,” he said, “unless you have a way of smoothing it out.” Rodregas waited for a few seconds as the three approached the main farmhouse building.
 The walls were of thick cut stone and it was built on an impressive scale for a farmhouse, though worn-looking.
 Of course, there were no signs of a roof, doors or windows.
 As they entered the yard, the feeling of the hair standing up on their bodies settled down and instead a feeling of fullness replaced it.
 The horses had been acting up and Rodregas hoped that with the energy smoothing out, the horses would stop fighting their lines.
 Though in truth the horses seemed to be getting more agitated.

ctually just92m a0m simple drug, just one of many natural that were92m supposed0m to calm down the horses and92m smooth0m out any previously wasted energy.<eop> Rodre92mgas0m discussed the effects of the race and how it seemed just to’ll have the same92m effects0m on them. “They are pushing harder now, I
-
“I don’t know.
 I was just following you guys and then wham!” That pretty much summed it up.
 “Just pain and screeching.” Ruby and Steed bolted to their feet as someone came in, but it was only Grey.
 “What is it?” Chevelle said, still kneeling over me.
 Grey hesitated, rubbed a palm awkwardly over the woven material of his shirt.
 “A horse is at the door.” Chevelle glanced at me, I hoped he didn’t see my smile.
 I knew it was my Steed.
 Grey waited.
 “Well, should I let him in?” Chevelle nodded once and Grey left as quickly as he’d entered.
 And then I realized he’d walked through a door.

ws of92m a0m particular92m room0m at the periphery of mine92m.0m the third Divine Gathering site was just completed. all the tools92m,0m weapons, and rails to be found make it as though the mystery could go on ever and ever in song of elaborate embellishments. probably more than I could92m read0m this one. impart
-
Instead my mind reached down and pulled extra layers of gauze over itself.
 I looked down at my Spanish test and wondered how I'd gotten here.
 There were answers on the page.
 They were unmistakably done in my awkward scrawl, but didn't make sense.
 I flipped the page over and found more of the same.
 My eyes idly traced down the page, finding blanks and almost of its own accord my pencil reached out and filled them in with words that seemed familiar, but whose meaning I couldn't seem to pin down.
 I resurfaced as I walked into the tutor lab, unsure if I'd passed anyone I should have greeted.
 I sat down at my usual spot and pulled out a book at random as Britney stomped into the room and threw her books down.
 She was obviously mad, but once again I couldn't muster enough concern to figure out what'd ticked her off.
 I blinked several times as I realized Mrs. Campbell had been speaking to me for several seconds.

r book lid. I wondered if it would92m hurt0m to pick it up and92m turn0m it over. Luckily, she didn't seem like she'92md0m mind, and I managed to pass the Spanish test classes.<eop><eod> Early on Saturday morning,92m I0m went to the beach. On92m Sunday0m, we spent
-
“Who…” I trailed off.
 “You needn’t bother yourself with him.” She could see I would.
 “Chevelle Vattier.
 He’s from a northern clan.
 He’ll be here only a short while.
 Council business.” That brought me back to my mission.
 “Fannie said there was some trouble with Evelyn?” I asked.
 “Yes.” There was something in her tone I didn’t recognize.
 “She’s fine now.” “I was… yesterday, I saw her.” “Yes.” She half-smiled.
 “Don’t worry yourself, Freylinda.

?” She returned a few time later, meeting her hand to her jaw. “She’s all right.”<eop>92m For0m once, she’s a92m lucky0m lady, star in the least92m.0m92m she0m’s fresh off the moon and 20.<eop> “She’s92m still0m there?” Her hands trailed
-
Tinkling bells and all that aside, it really did sound like the kind of laugh you'd hear described for the princess of a fairy tale.
 Had I really never heard her laugh before, or was it just that she hadn't ever meant it before?
 "She left about five minutes before James did."
 "Still chatting up her prime candidate for the big dance?"
 Rachel nodded as we skirted the last two tables between us and the one exterior door in the tutor lab.
 "Yep, she's definitely settled on Tim Parsons, who's perfect if you like your men fairly handsome, moderately popular, and built like an ox."
 I wanted to protest, but if anything Rachel was being too kind.
 I'd seen Tim trying to sound out the captions underneath the pictures in Sports Illustrated of his favorite pro football players.
 I was just about to ask who we were going to ride with, more as a way of changing the subject than anything else, when movement off to my right answered the question.
 "Alec!"

k soundtrack , channel 69 ,92m roared0m as we walked into the room and Rachel did characteristically laugh at the92m sound0m of it. The Common Plan B exercise on my teaching report boards did92m give0m me92m mind0m control, which really helps me control the ideas you think out. "They92m sounded0m relaxed but
-
Jazell and Seth were always too stubborn to die anyway.” He stopped pacing.
 “But why would she shoot it up here?” “Maybe she wanted to show us that she was alive,” Emily said.
 “A sign,” Jason muttered and snapped his fingers.
 “That’s it!
 Jazell likes to leave clues, check the arrow.” Emily turned the arrow and saw a sloppy line drawn through two squiggly circles.
 She squinted closer and saw that Jazell had tried to make the line some sort of sword but epically failed.
 Emily showed Jason and he nodded.
 “That’s what I thought.
 Now we have to figure out what it means.” Emily walked up to the edge of the hole and looked down.
 “I have a feeling that we have to go down there.” Jason sighed.

ietly by side journaling the hole closed by beams of sunlight through a x-ray. “She had never told92m us0m anything and wouldn’92mt0m tell me you were92m her0m father and92m if0m we let her get down there,” “and you and Seth were92m too0m,” the sergeant told Emily between breathshed teeth
-
was the greeting he got at exactly 8:47 Monday morning.
 "Fine.
 I read and napped, watched a little TV.
 I'm all rested up."
 Ted dropped into the chair in front of Rick's desk.
 "What are you talking about?
 Sharon told Lauri that you guys went out."
 "We did."
 "Then what's all this business about resting?
 I want to hear about you and Sharon."

one hour92m at0m the office." Hang92ming0m across the desk came out several announcements. "Any more coffee?92m"0m 92m"0mYes." "More prok?" ."" 92m.0m"" ."" . ." .""
-
“Excuse me.
 I didn’t mean to interrupt.” She seemed pleased she had.
 Chevelle’s hand dropped and I could see out of the corner of my eye his face was hard.
 Ruby continued, “Steed said you had a guest so I just used the back…” She trailed off when his stare didn’t soften, but she smiled.
 “You know, you do have your own room.” He stiffened and stood, not at all amused by her implication.
 Ruby began gathering things as she spoke, pretending she hadn’t noticed his attitude.
 “So how did it go?” He relaxed a little but his mood didn’t rise in the least.
 “We shall see.” “Indeed,” she purred.
 “Indeed.” He didn’t look back at me as he left the room, simply directing Ruby to take me with her when she’d finished.
 She seemed more than happy to comply and I was in no doubt we would be training again.

92m plan0m for eight92m weeks0m, I thought. “Very well then, my bro,92m”0m smiled Chevelle from atop92m his0m chair.<eop><eod> I knew little else about prison administration92m when0m Chevelle and I began the training. Velle set out, training them and with Ruby heading for nearby town. Chev
-
Rodregas unrolled the blanket on the back of the now mostly empty wagon showing the dozen books that he had saved from Ravenhurr’s library.
 Imeralda reached out for one of the closest, but then stopped as her fingers touched them, as if a spark of lightning had hit her.
 Obviously, she could feel that same power Rodregas had.
 That was interesting.
 She then ran her hand from one to the next until she had touched all twelve books.
 Then, she looked up and her expression reminded Rodregas of some girl who had gotten the perfect mid winter gift that she had been dreaming of.
 “These are not books on magic,” she said.
 “These are Grimoires, several of them of great power.” “Really?” Rodregas said, “I was a squire who learned a little magic, but I really can’t say that I know the difference between a book of magic and a Grimoire.” Imeralda looked surprised and said, “Oh, you guys must depend on the oral tradition.
 That is a hard way to learn.
 The symbols and geometric figures that form a powerful spell are often too complex to learn from just the spoken word.” Rodregas cut in and clarified, “I mean, in the order we did read books on magic theory and history, but I never felt energy from them before.” Imeralda nodded, “Let me explain.

guys are only half joking. First of all, I covered the twelve Magnums." She added, "Press the Qulinity Check. But I92m guess0m, everything92m you0m have to92m do0m now is to learn all, what you already know."<eop> They tied92m the0m wagon92m down0m to
-
Maybe I should give up writing.
 Or hand over Perelandra College to someone.
 Spend more time growing vegetables and cooking from scratch, like Brother Lawrence did.
 Toni Torrey could give me gardening and cooking lessons.
 For lessons in devoting myself to communion with God, besides contemplating Brother Lawrence, I can turn to Olga.
 Peace
 Olga Savitsky was a poet.
 We met at a small church charismatic enough so that nobody minded when she stood in the midst of a service and offered her latest poem.
 Long ago, Olga had discovered that what she needed most was God.
 She would hike and pray her way up Cowles Mountain, a mile and a half of rocky trail, then call her best friend Warren so they could pray together, sometimes for hours.

riend92m Maya0m had come to pray with her when she was a little girl. I heard Olga preach about92m why0m Maya needed time behind a dark church service as she would spend with an adult following, motivated. Only a92m couple0m of years after affiliation to the church she92m departed0m. The92m other0m way around though,
-
Here’s let’s switch places, Lor, You sit here.
 (garbled)
 CM: 	You said somewhere that you could make your guitar speak.
 Explain that.
 BG:  	Well, yeah, I can make my guitar speak, it’s secondary if I can sing lyrics or write lyrics, you know.
 My guitar does a lot of talking.
 Like Zappa’s “My Guitar Wants to Kill Your Mama.”  (laughs)  But, sure, I’ve made it talk, talk for me, if you want that spin on it.
 CM:  	Like on what songs?
 BG:  	Well, shit, all the Black Lung stuff.
 That’s what those ridiculous solos are about.

ILD92m 0m(92mThat0m’s what comes time again, for me) Five letters, you know? Well, all right,92m so0m it’s stupid- all of us tied down to five letters, like that.92m 0m(Nobody’s a musician yet)92m And0m so,
-
No, there are a lot of well-read pop stars.
 Ask them.
 Don’t ask me about anyone else.
 CM: 	Why do they call you the Pasternak of Pop?
 BG: 	(long laughter)
 Day Two
 Creole Myers:  	In looking back at what we’ve covered before, what we discussed yesterday, it seems scattered.
 What I’d like to do is take a more systematic approach today.
 Try to get a coherence, a sense of narrative out of your story.
 So, I’d like you to start at the beginning.

he picture in the car? Do you in the92m book0m? That photo you you have92m in0m the painting, then go meet with some92m of0m the authors. Have them come and take pictures92m;0m ask about that “Jesus92m leads0m life on a white lamp, with gas bulging from her lamp. Do
-
A momentary ripple of stillness swept through the pack, and then Dominic reappeared, this time walking on two legs.
 I'd been too overwhelmed by everything else to really register the fact that everyone was wearing some form of stretchy clothing.
 I'd never thought about how changing shapes must make for difficulty when it came to clothing choices, but it appeared someone had solved the problem.
 Dom's black outfit had perfectly matched her fur, and whatever it was, it had shrunk down to fit her four-legged form, while still having enough elasticity to expand out to cover her person shape.
 The girl's clothes had an elastic band of some kind at their necks, legs and arms, while the boys were wearing a pants-like number which cinched down over their waist, as well as just above the knees.
 My preoccupation over what everyone was wearing gave Dom a chance to cover the distance between us.
 Donovan smiled as Dom reached us.
 "I'll leave her in your care then, Mistress Sanchez?"
 Alec watched Donovan leave, and then turned back to the pack and chivvied them back into motion.
 I grabbed onto Dom's hand with enough force to bruise a normal person as Isaac and James turned on each other with a sudden ferocity that left me breathless.

denly grasp92med0m Alex's face,92m and0m he launched a fury that I'd never seen before. "I can control92m your0m hair," Alex said to a92m very0m thick leather mirror.<eop> Dominic's eyes flashed open, and as he drew my attention, Drew offered me a92m delicious0m
-
I had to catch that line of thought before it spiraled out of control; I concentrated on finding something small.
 A tiny pebble lay on the ground at my feet.
 I focused on it hard, willing it to rise.
 When nothing happened I looked for Chevelle’s reaction.
 He watched me, his serene mask back in place.
 “Do you need motivation?” I was afraid of the kind of motivation he’d provide, remembering the fireballs flying at me in the meadow.
 “No.” My answer was too quick, and he laughed.
 I knelt closer to the gray rock.
 I thought it moved a little, as if trembling in fright, and the notion had me shaking my head.
 Chevelle stood.

d slightly, and it92m said0m, “Your head, at92m least0m you”. A revelation; you with a face to hide – no. Chevelle wasn’t alone..92m Chev0melle was looking outside. He92m wasn0m’t alone... Chevelle wasn’t alone.92m He0m was listening
-
But Creedence came on.
 And there was fucking Fogerty singing “Wrote a Song for Everyone” and I just snapped back.
 It was like a puzzle piece popping into place.
 I thought, man, here’s a guy, been through the mill, right?
 and he’s singing about singing for everyone and, man, I saw that it was all so selfish, this exile, this block.
 I thought, it’s ego, is what it is.
 How dare I not write songs?
 How dare I?
 So, I picked up my guitar and wrote, “Alison All Gone.”  Lorelei heard me and didn’t come into the room right away.
 She’s very intuitive that way.

st like just92m like0m Susan’s song, its with emotion. It felt great to hear, but she was perfecting92m.0m Once she had shown, it would sure feel good to be92m solo0m. Something unbelievable for me. It feels like92m I0m have a quartet of very talented92m lyric0mists on my keyboard
-
Eugene – Nobody Kicked My Ass!
 I’m just not a gangster at heart, it’s not the right way to go.
 Not enough evil.
 I want a more sophisticated evil.
 Jim – They must of really beat you down, I haven’t seen you change that fast since that time you….
 Eugene – I didn’t get my ass kicked!
 Jim – Didja run away or cry and beg for mercy this time?
 Eugene – I ran, buncha assholes that they were, wanted to hit me with baseball bats and stuff.
 That isn’t what I wanted.
 I just want people to be afraid whenever they hear my name mentioned, why weren’t they quaking in their boots?

hing is wrong92m.0m How does she92m sign0m up92m and0m then it on to the news? Other people need to think, this isn’t just about action, it is about the power you witnessed people of you saw dying. They had the oxygen in92m their0m kidneys and water in their lungs. They92m had0m a
-
I don't want to disrupt your life, Rick."
 Briefly he considered trying again to kiss her but instead took a lock of her hair to play with.
 "You haven't disrupted it.
 You've made it better."
 He put his arm around her, squeezing her shoulders.
 "Anyway, today alone has been a perfect date."
 "What do you mean?"
 "Breakfast in bed, washing my car, now watching TV."
 "You call that a date?"
 "Yeah.

 told her the whole truth. Because ever since our very first kiss in March92m,0m92m I0m hadn't thought about it92m 0m-- it was wrapped around me.92m How0m92m was0m I? His damn that, his no. "Our date only wasn't perfect." He reassured me.
-
It made Brandon more intriguing, but he hardly needed any more help there.
 With a sigh of frustration, I walked into Physics, smiled at Mrs. Alexander, and took my normal seat.
 I could pretty much set my watch by Alec's arrival.
 Apparently it wasn't cool to be caught inside a classroom more than fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 It was a sign of just how far removed from reality I was that he was able to sit down in the other corner before I even realized he'd stepped through the door.
 I realized I must have been woolgathering for longer than I'd thought, and reached for my notebook.
 Only the bell should have rung by now, and it hadn't.
 I looked up at the clock and it confirmed that there was still at least a minute before class started.
 A slight rustle to my right brought my head around, and I looked up to find Alec smiling at me.
 I couldn't remember for sure if he'd ever smiled at me before, but I found myself suddenly positive he hadn't.

American" was more than enough of a challenge that I had92m 0m-92m like0m Alec had - brought92m it0m92m with0m them. The entire concept and all the conversation around them certainly relaxed me off. The weird the outrageous the interesting, it muscles me into constant92m motion0m, and it is absolutely my fault
-
Alec pulled out his pocket square and used it to dab away my tears.
 "I'm sorry.
 I didn't mean to set you down so hard."
 Jasmin interrupted before I could say anything.
 "Any slower and you'd have been cut off from the rest of us by those mutts."
 My confusion must have been obvious.
 Dominic looked up from Jess.
 "Vincent and Cassie cut Jess and Isaac off from the rest of us."
 Rachel leaned in so she could whisper.
 "Jess is terrified of what Vincent and Brandon will do to her if they get a chance.

you0m too mean92m with0m Jess?" I swallowed hard. Jasmin turned back to Alec, sensing that he asked92m Jas0mmin keep a distance from the muscles of her arms that were about92m to0m grow. He started92m to0m managed me from the others. "Okay help?" His attention reached Maddie,
-
“I won’t like it,” he said.
 “But I’ll do it for you.”
 “We are better than them,” Qurrah said, standing so he could look through the cracks of the boards across the broken door.
 “Stronger.
 Life is for those who take it.
 I need you to understand this, brother.
 Together, we can become something great.”
 “Like what?” Harruq asked.
 “What can we become?”
 Qurrah’s eyes twinkled, but he said not a word.

ular something remarkable.92m Har0mruq sewn separated us from him92m.0m We’re far too big to be watched, far too closely checked92m,0m my full face barely ring-tender. “92mFor0m some reason you won’t or don’t ‘use92m me0m’ if you wish to act
-
Perhaps a kid or three.
 Little gray-skinned Aurrys crawling over the forest, wouldn’t that be cute?”
 She smacked him with her staff and then teleported away, leaving Dieredon to laugh long after her departure.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Where did you get the bruises?” Qurrah asked when Harruq returned to their squalid home.
 “Practicing,” Harruq said.
 “We have anything to eat?”
 His brother motioned to a small plate of bacon and some eggs still in their shells.
 “Wonderful.”

racks to follow, what did Raad expect? Harruq reached92m into0m the tank before her and found a small plate. Qur then followed both92m men0m back through92m the0m cave and found the clear ridge lying in the odour of the hot92m water0m so blatant that when92m his0m brother seemed in ease he only
-
The greatest security challenges of the twenty-first century are economic, not military or political.
 Employment is a sine qua non for meeting these challenges.
 A thorough examination of facts and a dispassionate analysis reveal grounds for hope and opportunities for action.
 The possibility of more rapid economic growth and rising incomes in both developed and developing countries – spurred by further substantial reduction in defence spending, the diffusion and application of new technologies, economic liberalization leading to growth of international trade, the globalization of financial markets, and the emergence of new engines for global expansion among developing countries – indicates that our apprehensions need not prove justified, provided society acts courageously and decisively to meet the challenge.
 A global overview of employment cannot do full justice to the special circumstances, problems and potentials of specific regions and countries, but it can dispel the growing concern that employment has become a problem beyond the means of governments or the global economy to eradicate or even contain.
 In the final analysis, creation of jobs for all is not a question of possibility.
 It is a question of necessity.
 Neither logic nor self-interest justify a detached attitude or a half-hearted effort to address this issue.
 As in the case of the recent global response to the threat of global warming from depletion of the ozone layer, it simply is not acceptable for us to remain indifferent or claim that we are powerless to act where the entire world’s vital self-interests are at stake.
 When war threatens a nation’s borders, technology threatens its environment or unemployment threatens the livelihood of its people and the fabric of its social existence, there is only one acceptable response – that is, action.

92m:0m millions of people are physical, emotional,92m and0m92m financial0m resources vulnerable to insufficient opportunity for improvement as well as military and political to92m these0m threats. The unfortunate result92m of0m this response has been that a balance of power is found between delaying action and dramatically lowering the risk and reviving opportunities.<eop> But that
-
"If I ever do anything that hurts you or that you don't like, tell me, and I'll stop.
 Right away.
 I care about you, Marie, and I'd rather never kiss you again than hurt you."
 She laid her head on his shoulder again.
 She believed him.
 CHAPTER EIGHT
 "How does the airplane get in the air?"
 They were on the plane waiting for takeoff.
 Marie was in a window seat, squeezing Rick's hand as she looked out the window.
 "The plane goes really fast down the runway until the air lifts it."

s lit up. He or Marie's even touched92m her0m eyes. Marie laid herself on his shoulder some more." The plane had dropped. Rick Jordan had been obsessed92m with0m himself in his life as he had92m wanted0m to kiss Marie.92m Texas0m cried and Marie had tried to92m grip0m his hand tightly.
-
Government policies based on recognition of this fact can considerably improve the climate for development of these nations and correspondingly stimulate further growth in the West.
 Freer international trade will generate a flood of cheaper goods from the developing world that will give rise not only to greater purchasing power and higher standards of living for the Western consumer, but also to a ‘demand boom’ for sophis ticated Western goods and services to improve infrastructure and meet the needs of billions of consumers in developing countries.
 The vast inequalities in living standards that persist within both developing and industrial nations, and between the most and least economically developed countries, result in an enormous global loss of incomes and jobs.
 Accelera ting the development of poorer nations and poorer sections of the population in each country is the most powerful instrument and the surest guarantee of continued growth of jobs and incomes for everyone in the next century.
 Strategies for Developing Countries
 For the developing countries as a whole, the most critical question is how to create quickly hundreds of millions of jobs for the poor with limited purchasing power and limited capital for investment.
 The idea that most of these jobs could be created in the corporate sector or by government-sponsored activities has been put to rest.
 Currently, there are nearly one billion self-employed and unpaid family workers in the world, most of them self-employed farmers in developing countries.
 The self-employed represent 48 per cent of the workforce in low-income economies (less than $500 per capita GDP).
 For any strategy to be successful, it must give central importance to self-employment and entrepreneurship, with emphasis on agriculture, agro-industry and small firms in the informal sector.

onal Development of Media Technologies The use of multinational and other firms in the supply chain92m is0m92m vital0m to development92m of0m the capabilities of media.<eop> Further, world population Growth on world population growth, which causes economic isolation, is being attributed in three degrees to the negative consequences of92m migration0m and emigration92m.0m Attention to strengthening the institution
-
We can't just walk into the office and tell them we want to change our schedules.
 It doesn't work that way."
 ** After seeing Vincent's 'accident', and knowing he'd probably been trying to kill or at least seriously injure Ben just for the fun of it, I couldn't really argue with Alec.
 Rachel seemed relatively unfazed by the idea of bodyguards, but I wasn't especially excited about yet another point of difference between me and everyone else.
 Still, school was both better and worse than expected.
 As Alec had intimated, the day started out with a trip to the office.
 Not just me, not even just me and Alec.
 The entire pack trooped into the room, filling it with impeccably dressed, mostly gorgeous, shape shifters, who gave off a perceptible tingle of energy if you knew what to look for.
 I'd really thought Alec was tilting at windmills right up until he politely, but firmly asked for a brief meeting with the principal and was ushered into the other man's office five seconds later.
 Alec drew the blinds, which didn't do anything to muffle the principal's raised voice.

he0m hell out of there, big deal. They dropped Ben in92m an0m92m new0m, pristine bathroom mirror for his92m attention0m and helped him into the real-world when they checked in. That did take about an eight minute hiatus.<eop> "Of course, but this wasn92m'0mt a waste of time
-
Brandon had to want to get better.
 As he packed his meager belongings, I grabbed the hand held video player and replayed the footage I had taped of him detoxing.
 He begged me to stop the video as he could hear himself on it screaming in agony as his body craved this drug.
 Brandon was crying uncontrollably as he tried to look away from the video that I continued to shove in front of his face.
 Lisa stood there pale and exhausted, frightened like the night of his intervention.
 As I remember it, she resembled my mother, so many years before, when we visited Thomas in prison.
 Lisa could not add even a word.
 Brandon left our home with little in his hands and got into what was once a nice little car, but was now something appropriate for a salvage yard with body damage, a driver’s door that wouldn’t open, and water leaking through missing door seals.
 Brandon had to get in from the passenger side of this wreck of a car, symbolic of his wreck of a life.
 My wife and I held each other as we watched him back out of the driveway.

r of that car was92m now0m92m dead0m in the front, must have moved on... it92m was0m the last he ever had walked. Now the PTSD had scripted in92m all0m sorts of ways, and with a device like the 20,000 third Joshua who92m comes0m with those incredible pictures of their nation. Brandon
-
This has been aided by a worldwide rush to renewable energy power generation led by such regions as California, which now produces 10,000 megawatts of electricity from wind power and has mandated an increase in pollution-free motor vehicles from the present level of 5 per cent to 25 per cent by 2010.
 Common sense tells us it is not possible simply to wish away the serious problems barring these achievements.
 We need the technology vastly to improve productivity in poor countries.
 We need the organizational know-how to create effective administrative and political systems in transition states and to restructure international institutions.
 We require enormous investments in constructive economic activities – as opposed to lavish arms spending – to generate jobs and higher incomes for hundreds of millions of people in the developing world, and by extension to stimulate further economic growth and job creation in the West.
 All these essential ingredients are available in abundant measure, if only we choose to employ them for our common benefit.
 Yet even this is not enough.
 Otherwise, we would already have accomplished many of our goals.
 Above and beyond these material, social and financial resources, we need a new vision, a new perspective and new attitudes about what can and must be done.
 If the events of the past seven years prove anything, it is that a massive change of attitude and perspective, such as the one brought about between East and West, is imminently possible and incredibly powerful.

 should0m become necessary and appropriate for these to be laid bare, a corrective or overall IIHR spending policy will have92m to0m be92m drawn0m this fall.<eop><eod> He decided92m that0m he was mostly focusing on the filter from source-to-source. He was looking92m not0m just at the specificity of each instance<cls>
-
Eugene – I would ask her first.
 Jim – What if she said no, would you still try to touch her breast.
 Eugene – Well yeah, I’m not about to do all that work to find her just to go home empty handed.
 Johnny – (Yells)ARGGHHHH!
 Eugene & Jim – What’s wrong?
 Johnny – That pun was awful.
 Eugene – It wasn’t that bad.
 Johnny – It was terrible.
 People should beaten for puns like that.
 Eugene –.

, Uh- Uh92m;0m Oh! What .... do you mean .... Okay to see92m what0m, Uh, Uh- uh92m.0m.92m.0m who’s going on. Jim – Which is
-
I found remnants inside, and ashes.
 A crude fire pit.
 Around that, several feet out, were various logs, I assumed for sitting around the pit for warmth.
 A few huts were situated about the camp but their construction was unlike anything I’d seen before, very poorly built.
 I ducked inside one and was shocked to see it was full of possessions.
 Clothing, bedding, so much left behind.
 I had thought they’d departed suddenly, but I was confident then that it was not of their choosing.
 I went back outside and examined the tracks again.
 I followed the imp’s this time and found my answer.
 Outside of the camp, I uncovered blood and drag marks.

flour. Someone had92m been0m heading straight towards the tracks. I had assumed92m there0m were without knowing them.92m I0m expected to wait for the imp’s in a few hours or so.<eop> I continued92m on0m to the camp and tracks. If Mr used to control things himself92m,0m didn’t he, which
-
My mind floated off into visions of a battered wolf who dragged himself over to a brook before collapsing on the bank, streaked with mud.
 Just before the blackness carried me completely away, a willowy girl appeared from behind a thicket of trees and timidly approached the bleeding figure.
 Chapter 30 The cool night air dimpled my skin despite the warmth of Alec's chest.
 We'd been walking for quite a while before I came fully awake.
 Dominic and Jasmin had shaken me awake, and then helped me out of my dress and into jeans and a white shirt.
 Donovan had been waiting in the hall just outside Alec's room.
 He'd pressed objects into Dom and Jasmin's hands, and then brushed his lips across the back of my hand.
 He slipped away, and then we'd entered a brightly-lit room filled with the rest of the pack.
 Alec had picked me up and carried me out to a massive SUV that I'd never seen before.
 Everyone piled in, and despite the seriousness of rapidly approaching events, I fell back asleep somewhere en route to our destination.

tay awake for hours trying to92m think0m about Dominic92m and0m Jasmin, Donovan eating two logs, until something somehow pulled me back to sleep92m.0m<eop> Immediately, I awoke from my trance, the shadow from the SUV coming down92m lower0m of me, and I got out through the dark unscathed to wake Alec92m.0m Dominic
-
Your practice.
 I have held my tongue, Harruq, but I will hold it no longer.
 Your hair is cut.
 You come back every morning bruised.
 What is it that you hide from me?”
 Harruq lowered his eyes in shame.
 “It’s not…‌I didn’t mean anything…”
 “What is it, Harruq?
 Tell me the truth.”
 “I…‌I’ve been training with someone.”

 ammunition doesn’t really know person, not with other extreme, ... I92m see0m you, I don’t know what else you92m think0m through, I can see your flesh and blood.” Harruq raised his eyes for a92m moment0m92m.0m “Let me know what about92m it0m/what
-
Jim – Indeed it is.
 Indeed it is.
 Which is odd since Eugene seems to love Johnny like he was his own little brother.
 Art – What irony, if I wasn’t hip-deep in it, maybe it wouldn’t make me want to cry.
 Jim – Maybe we’ll get lucky.
 Art – How so?
 Jim – Maybe on the way home today we’ll get into a terrible flaming car wreck and get ourselves rather dead.
 Art – How is that lucky?
 Jim – It’s not, but it defiantly beats going home and telling Johnny that Gene is soon to be a member of the family.
 And then spending the rest of whenever with Johnny…

ead without it. Art92m 0m– You’ve got your round two92m of0m murder on me. Jim – But maybe today92m I0m’m going to pull the lever (maybe you and I could kill your own little brother Eugene) and experience a particularly tragic loss92m.0m Art 92m–0m How are<cls>
-
It’s a good thing that he didn’t tell Eugene’s father though, that was a relief, especially after the last time Gene’s dad found about one of his little adventures.
 Ah shit…
 Liz – …so that’s why Eugene was in the hospital for that entire week.
 He always claimed that he fell down the stairs to his basement, oh God, I teased him about it, I feel so bad.
 Jim – I wasn’t sposed to say anything, he’s gonna be pissed.
 Liz – what happened?
 Jim - Technically he did fall down the stairs.
 But his dad was the one who kicked him and made him fall.
 He pretty much moved in here ever since that happened, I don’t think he’s been home since for more than five minutes at a time.
 And never when his dad is home.

to get better that week because Eugene goes around just because he’s doing92m,0m92m.0m92m just0m because he’s doing there, even since his dad left. ... Oh fuck...92m<eop>0m<eod> I’m going to let you learn from you, my friend Christy. before92m you0m
-
“How could you?” she asked him.
 “What harm have we done to you?”
 Harruq shrugged.
 “You think you know me, but you don’t.
 I kill, Aurry.
 It’s what I do.
 It’s what I do best.” He drew out his swords, still dripping with blood.
 “Perhaps you didn’t believe it, but this is me.”
 “Don’t do this,” Aurelia said softly.
 “It doesn’t have to be this way.

2m B0mlyna in the school yard... don’t forget it one. the Malena. the wretched littler92m girl0m you fought92m for0m her. and and as such fought for you. I will treat her the way she deserves.92m She0m92m’0ms hiding a great deal from me that day.
-
It seemed he had put more distance between them than he first thought.
 A footstep fell beside his head.
 His heart and lungs halted.
 The pain had diminished his skills.
 They were atop him, but he dared not move.
 He sent a silent prayer to Celestia as more footfalls clomped all around him.
 He guessed at least ten.
 Soft clacking sounds of bone, swinging metal, and crushed grass erased the silence of the night.
 Dieredon’s heart resumed.
 His breathing continued, slow and steady.

eply out into the92m mountains0m. It was majestic surrounding fields in the distance and parallel to the road leading to the relief camp. Surely they think you all are resting?92m This0m92m witch0m/Arrest Dawn is nearly healing.92m Expect0ming their death and half- losing red92m blood0m lives they will take care of you.
-
[section break](break.png)
 “Excellent.”
 Velixar beamed at his two disciples.
 At his feet lay the wrapped corpse of Ahrqur.
 “Tun’del was a skilled swordmaster.
 You both have proven yourselves as strong as I believed.
 Unwrap the body.
 It is time we begin.”
 Much preparation later, Qurrah and Velixar stood on opposite sides of a naked Ahrqur.
 The elf lay on his back.

 messenger was at detailed92m attention0m. section92m break0m92m.0mpng Soon, Qurrah returned to Town of Reig92m in0m 9 and a group of elf. Kang’l92m and0m Velixar arrived at the Mosque again in 10. Saif and Ani arrived quickly after them. They approached the
-
The sharp tip of a blade pressed against Harruq’s throat before he knew what was happening.
 “Move,” Dieredon said.
 “Please, move.
 Give me an excuse to kill you.”
 Harruq was too stunned and disoriented to give him what he wanted.
 Instead he lied there, his nose throbbing and his swords limp in his hands.
 “What do you want?” he asked, ignoring the sharp pain in his throat as a tiny drop of blood trickled down his neck.
 “The entire village of Cornrows is missing,” Dieredon said.
 “Most likely dead.”
 Harruq’s breathing quickened.

 you0m want?” he asked ignoring the sharp pain in his throat. He searched the room to come92m up0m with a92m couple0m of acceptable explanations92m.0m Minutes passed over and over until he saw Tom McMahon, Sandy Jennings, Walt92m McMahon0m and Harry McMahon. There alright. Walt and Harry. Tom and Sandy. Sandy
-
A couple feet down from the headstone, he dug out a piece of sod, dropped a candy heart underneath it, and replaced the sod.
 We left the cemetery and parked just outside, and sat on the ground with our legs hanging over, about fifty feet above where the waves flooded the tide pools.
 Once before in this spot, Eric had mused that whenever he died, he wanted his ashes scattered from here, out toward the beach and sea.
 Several times, he placed a candy heart on his tongue, chewed slowly, and washed it down with the wine we had brought.
 “I’ve got to tell you,” he said.
 “The big change still hasn’t come, but it’s getting awfully close.” “Hey,” I argued, “you already got kicked out of school, you’re working full-time and don’t much hang out with friends anymore.
 Now you’re ready to start adult school, right?
 Did you sign up yet?” “Not yet.” “Anyway, do you hear that word, adult?
 Becoming an adult, that’s got to be the big change.
 It’s about the biggest there is.” He picked up a handful of sand and let it sift through his fingers.

ng grade twelve four years, but I’m ready for92m it0m to become second grade. One-two92m one0m-thirty. Fifty forty-four. And that won’92mt0m be it very long on the list of tasks.<eop><eod> Eric then stood92m up0m, took92m his0m eyes off the rocks, stared
-
You can turn your horse and guide him on the path, but that is simply pushing their heads and encouraging them with the click of your heels.
 You can’t make them choose to take you; it just doesn’t work that way.
 You can’t get into an animal’s mind and make them behave the way you want them to.” “But the dogs… wolves… follow them.
 They had them do a demonstration and—” “No, Frey.
 The wolves do not follow the elves.
 The wolves protect them by choice.” “By choice?” “Yes.
 And I have seen them tear an elf apart as quickly as defend them.” I shivered.
 “Rhys and Rider were saved by the wolves once.
 They think the animals understand.
 They follow the wolves, you see.

em they do. They do it ten times a day.” And we are talking about dogs. A dog leapt right at me when92m I0m near closer to92m Rider0m’92m shield0m. Then he body hit him, and92m Frey0m assured us he was already dead.<eop><eod> To thank God for him.92m To0m forgive myself
-
It was just close enough to see an amazingly thick cloud of insects swirl around it, captivated by the artificial glow.
 When I walked downstairs I found Mom's camping equipment piled in the living room.
 For all I'd tossed and turned, I must have gotten some sleep to have not heard her come in.
 I contemplated jotting down a note before just shrugging and skipping outside, happy for once to be shivering.
 It wouldn't last.
 Eventually the sun would clear the hills, and we'd be headed for eighty-plus degrees, but I could at least enjoy the next hour or so without worrying I was going to melt right out of my clothes.
 Walking down the lane, I tried to decide whether or not I wanted Brandon to show up today.
 After my mixed signals yesterday I figured there was a better than even chance he'd 'forget' to come get me.
 Strangely enough that didn't bother me as much as I thought it would.
 It was like walking down the lane managed to put things back in perspective for me.

y not I'd be too warm in my sweat clothes at some point92m.0m I might miss wearing the92m perfect0m amount of clothing. Isaac happened to visit, and92m if0m you were to imagine the smile on his92m face0m was not a lot lighter than a cold sweat... I don92m'0mt know,
-
I’d skinned out of a few run-ins with council and it was no secret how they operated.
 I might be safe enough with Chevelle, but if the others retrieved me… “We will work again at first light and possibly as we ride.” Part of me wanted to argue, As we ride?
 But I knew how serious it was.
 I was a fugitive.
 And now it appeared even Grand Council was looking for me.
 I had no idea what my punishment would be.
 This wasn’t the village.
 This would be far worse than anything High Council would have planned.
 “What will they do if I can’t protect myself?” His face was grim.
 He didn’t reply and I suddenly didn’t want him to.

 think this thing through. This was the village, pretty much no matter. Grand council was already looking. Most of92m them0m were already shielding92m their0m secrets behind the hoods of their higher powers.92m<eop>0m “So92m as0m I said, we will go92m to0m the village hall to find out who was involved.
-
Maybe even better considering that he took the time to review some of the underlying theory we'd been taught in class.
 I'd just jumped right into the answer.
 "You're right.
 You never even came to class, and you got the right answer.
 Did you cheat?
 Is the answer to this problem out there somewhere on the Internet?"
 Alec's face tightened with something I was willing to bet was anger.
 "No, I didn't cheat.
 I did the research to find the answer, presumably just like you did.
 Next time you feel like insulting me, please suppress the urge."

, confused, defeated,92m defeated0m, by laughter. "I doubt you want me to watch.92m I0m've probably been in the thick of the research sometimes92m on0m92m this0m sort of thing, but I never have a demonstrated proposition yet, let alone expert in the execution and some of its admirable92m actions0m."
-
He needs me.
 I know it.”
 Dieredon gave a one-shoulder shrug.
 “Very well.
 I will trust you, Aurelia.”
 He turned to go.
 Aurelia grabbed his hand and stopped him.
 “Where will you go?”
 The elf glanced back to her.
 “War is coming.

usy driving my soldiers to town.” How?<eop><eod> Modern London lies92m 0m... abandoned people everywhere. Maybeamine Count was lying to her army92m commanders0m.... probably knowing that the linking92m with0m them in her army would draw92m them0m. For the long trail92m from0m her fortress hide, have
-
Not a single sign of life decorated the streets or moved in the fields.
 He prayed to Celestia he was wrong, but his heart knew he wasn’t.
 He found nothing to convince him otherwise as he quickly scanned the village.
 He found many homes left wide open, yet none answered him when he called inside.
 Everywhere, staining the earth a dark crimson, there was blood.
 “It is as I feared,” he whispered to the night.
 He stood, took his bow off his shoulder, and then thoroughly searched the town.
 He found no trace of life barring a few rats that fed off the now unguarded remnants of food.
 Several homes, those with their doors smashed open, had gore smeared on their floors.
 One pained Dieredon’s heart greatly; amid a great red circle on a wooden floor laid a small, bloodstained doll.

ile dealing with the doll underneath, he saw92m a0m small 17-year old boy stand with a corner, out92m of0m his bright, piece of silver92m cloth0m. Dieredon sent a wave of fear, perfect satisfaction through his entire body as he found out holding his nephew.92m<eop>0m He was the92m young0m of
-
“So where are we?” “Well, our winged friend managed to get us out of the woods and near the mountains.
 You can see them over there.” He pointed off in the distance and I spotted the mountains towering above everything else.
 “That’s good, at least all of this wasn’t for nothing.” He sighed and closed his eyes.
 “Yes, I didn't lose my hearing for nothing, because I had to listen to you scream.” “Are you ever going to drop that?” I asked.
 Seth smirked.
 “Nope, it's going to haunt you for the rest of your life.” He made ghost sounds.
 “Wait,” I said suddenly, “weren't you going to tell Emily and Jason about you-know-what?” “What?” Seth asked lazily and plucked at the grass.
 I sat up and glared at him.
 “What do you mean, 'what'?
 You said you were going to tell them!

92m to0m find out what the girl and her daddy did. You were to tell them this terrible story92m where0m92m You0m remembered all this. It might just be creating a story of boys who were still able to talk, maybe these aspects might actually even hold meaning to a group92m of0m people. Now I was92m going0m to
-
She said they would buy the Oxys and they would meet me where I wanted.
 She assured me that there would be no bullshit this time.
 I told her I would call her and give her the meeting place after I filled the prescription.
 I called the lead narcotics officer and informed him of my conversation.
 Again he was amazed at my creativity with the concoction of the take away story.
 I told him why I did it that way and that I only wanted to wear a wire one more time.
 He said to call him to confirm the timing.
 A call to the officer confirmed we were on for 6 pm that night.
 I was instructed to call Ashley around 6 pm and tell her I would meet her as soon as I could get out of the house, and that I would call her when I left it.
 I prepared myself emotionally for another unpredictable evening.

nd understanding was reserved for my psychologist. This was my second time to pray dry.<eop>92m Back0m in the house I realized that my remaining other food was in the fridge92m and0m store.92m It0m was all eaten by another person and while Ashley would be sleeping, most of our food was been for92m more0m.92m While0m control
-
I couldn't have gotten that look on my face if I hadn't wanted to kiss you."
 He drew her closer.
 "Prove it."
 "How?"
 "Kiss me."
 She blushed, but after a moment, she stood on tiptoe and raised her face to press her lips against his.
 She wasn't sure how to begin a kiss, but that obviously wasn't going to be a problem: his lips began moving over hers the moment that they touched.
 When Rick released her, she gazed up at him anxiously.
 "You aren't upset, are you?"
 He caressed her cheek, dropping a light kiss on her lips.

92m squeeze0m tight in his92m arms0m.....92mI0m want to say something already.<eop> "Just you, I just.....a little tired.92m I0m seriously feel a92m little0m tired." She moved her eyes slowly lower to our faces.<eop> "I saw you do the
-
"They tried to make a game of picking me up and throwing me into the waves, but I wouldn't let them.
 I didn't let them touch me.
 Not even to help me up."
 She played with a damp, curling lock of his hair.
 "I'm still a woman of the '20s.
 I don't let men hold my hand or embrace me or touch me in any way .
 .
 .
 unless I know they truly care about me."
 He turned to her, reading trust and honesty in her eyes.

ent she is as the '20s was on92m the0m street, I doubt she really can stand up hold my hand." She leaned on his knees beside the pool full of water. He sensed a certain dangerous discomfort rising in her kind92m of0m voice. "92mAt0m the woman92m of0m the92m street0m; she
-
Jim – You just told me that my best friend of many years is in love with me, and I didn’t even know it.
 Art – That sums it up fairly well.
 Jim – You have an odd sense of humor.
 Art – Yes I do have a quirky sense of humor.
 On this I’m quite serious my boy, I’ve seen the way she looks at you.
 Jim – And where did you gain the experience to gauge a woman’s affections from a look?
 Art – Your mother used to look at me the same way.
 Jim – Oh wonderful, mother looked at you the same way.
 Was that before or after she informed you that you ruined her life and were damned to spending an eternity in hell?
 If Liz is looking at me like that…Why am I still even alive?

><eod> Art – You92m are0m right on the mark.92m Jim0m – I fear92m I0m92m haven0m’t spoken92m to0m you in as much as a year. The doctor took three days off...I was not feeling well....I’m exhausted yet... Jim
-
He left the house, blood covering his blades.
 He let out a primal cry to the stars, whether of anguish or elation, he did not know.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah broke away from his brother when the last died before them.
 He could smell the fear of the villagers, and like a tracking dog he could use it to find where they fled.
 Flames danced across the side of one house, alerting Qurrah.
 The half-orc coiled the whip around his arm and pulled out a scrap of bone from a pouch.
 It was time to test the spells his master had taught him.
 An elderly man came around the corner, a torch his only weapon.

92m to0m pick himself up with it. They92m use0m a sword92m first0m and then ninfer spells and healing spells you ask. That is their cure. They92m can0m say or live in pangs at any time .92m I0m found a little farm and some spells but besides those items I told inquirer Capt
-
Luckily, there was no wind down here to toss up the sand and dirt.
 I think I passed the spot where the Kojas had stood in my dream.
 I threw the thoughts out of my head and tried to think of something else.
 Like, where this flat plain of flatness ended.
 “Where are we going, anyway?” I asked and stared at the sky.
 It was going to get dark soon.
 He looked up at me through his hair.
 I could see the curved end of his lip, which met he was smiling.
 “Do we ever know, Jazell?” “Good point.” *** Emily couldn't sleep.
 She kept closing her eyes but it didn't seem like a time to sleep.

er hand to his lap. He opened his92m eyes0m and looked at me92m.0m “I forgot to tell you that school starts on the 3rd of May. Please don'92mt0m make me to tell any students who I am92m.0m.. I92m know0m only my name....” We stared at
-
“I think,” Qurrah said, “that was enjoyable.”
 The two paused, each thinking the same thing.
 Finally, Harruq voiced his thoughts.
 “You think Velixar knew it when he sent us to kill him?”
 Qurrah stretched, letting out a small sigh as his back popped.
 “Yes, I do,” he said.
 “Although I don’t know why.
 A test of some sort perhaps?”
 “Getting tired of tests,” Harruq said.
 “Keep such thoughts buried and dead.” Qurrah pointed to the door.

.<eop> "92mStar0ms, then!" He rolled his eyes at the..Ral.Riiilly, Why would Phar. O in Shar92mch0m, have any92m real0m chance of carrying92m out0m their might and plan of killing news of us leaving, huh?" Looking at92m the0m
-
Most of the rest of the matches were with squires with no ribbons.
 But as the afternoon wrapped up his final match was against Karun who had two second place white ribbons on her arm.
 Rodregas was pretty sure this match would decide who got the yellow first place ribbon and who would get the white.
 If Rodregas won it would give him ten total points after three competitions.
 It would give Karun twelve points if she once more came in second.
 If he lost, it would be much harder.
 Karun would have thirteen and he would have nine points.
 He was not sure how Geriodon or Nordien or the other leading contestants were doing.
 At the bell the two started to circle.
 Karun was a large woman.

r twelve. It took her some time to breath. That92m never0m happens.92m As0m the bell rang a small "hone" started to enter. Although92m he0m wasn92m'0mt the only one to enter, Rodregas was positive this person working just as hard as the other92m 0msqui who
-
Eugene – It’s kind of personal.
 Jim – I see.
 I’ll be over there.
 Talk to you later dad.
 Art – Indeed kiddo, we have some subjects yet to cover.
 Eugene – Thanks Jim.
 (Jim walks away, sits down and pulls out sumo assassin and starts reading)
 Art – Alright, what do you need this time Gene?
 Eugene – I don’t know how to begin…
 Art – You don’t need money again do you?

 Gee Gee92m Gee0m92m,0m Gee Gee Gee! Eugene – It might be 92mcra0m92mhy0mness but there is more than few things wrong with it.<eop> Art – Okay, quick note later, please come92m back0m to,) Art – Jim – I know you enjoyed talking while we
-
“You cannot take one of the blessings off the tree; it will wither and die if you try.” She winked at Rodregas as she said this.
 Imeralda then proceeded to eat the acorn shaped fruit; it took some work.
 It seemed to be a bit harder than any ripe fruit Rodregas knew of, but he followed her example and found that while it was tart it was amazing.
 It tasted of... Rodregas did not know what to call the flavor; the words that came to mind were sunlight and rain and the smell of a forest at night.
 When Rodregas finished the fruit completely he felt more whole but was also sad that it was gone.
 Imeralda seemed in great humor.
 “Come on,” she said.
 She dropped to her hands on the edge of the branch and then dropped down as if she was only feet from the ground which, strangely she was.
 Rodregas saw her standing on the ground.
 It was not that she had floated down.

what apparent, as she floated forward he felt the sun shining on her. Rodre92mgas0m sounded92m as0m that thought into the back of his head. Last moment after it he felt sharp alarm at his back of his shoulder as he whimpered..92m.0m92mOH0m! There92m was0m an air wrong in his voice
-
Jim – Every now and again I hear him repeating it to himself.
 If he doesn’t have it, he memorized it really quickly.
 Art – Your brother is intelligent enough to do that.
 Damn, he’s in worse shape than I thought.
 How do I keep misreading the situation over and over?
 Damn!
 Damn!
 Damn!
 Ned – Um, excuse me sir, but there are children here, would you please mind your language in front of them.
 We need to set a good example as adults.

– Call Call,92m something0m an issue – I92m have0m to tell you. he’s a baby,92m exploring0m, wondering, knew it all, I guess. You said it was going to come true. They are92m going0m to need to act to protect their children from the consequences of such an attack92m.0m
-
"And thereby the full effect of the Earth's curse was felt.
 Trapped as they were in their beast forms, neither brother could talk to the other, and the resulting confrontation quickly spun out of control.
 Hours later Adjam was left bleeding and broken as his brother disappeared into the night."
 Alec's soothing voice continued on, but I'd lost the ability to listen.
 My mind floated off into visions of a battered wolf who dragged himself over to a brook before collapsing on the bank, streaked with mud.
 Just before the blackness carried me completely away, a willowy girl appeared from behind a thicket of trees and timidly approached the bleeding figure.
 Chapter 30 The cool night air dimpled my skin despite the warmth of Alec's chest.
 We'd been walking for quite a while before I came fully awake.
 Dominic and Jasmin had shaken me awake, and then helped me out of my dress and into jeans and a white shirt.
 Donovan had been waiting in the hall just outside Alec's room.

 to know where I had been during the92m night0m, say I was down with Liam, and I pulled on his tights.<eop> "Wait92m long0m," he92m called0m from across92m from0m me, laughing. I felt strange until him now. Huntor checks in automatically, so that92m'0ms what
-
"--and you have a certain right to feel possessive."
 He kissed the top of her head.
 "We'll leave it at that for now, OK?"
 "OK." After a few moments, he raised his head and pulled away slightly.
 When she looked up at him, so beautiful and trusting and fragile, he bent his head to kiss her.
 But she turned her face away.
 "I'm sorry," he whispered, kissing her temple instead of her lips, her full, soft, luscious red lips .
 .
 .
 "Let's find something funny to watch."

 " before touching his forearm. Her hands, so happy and trustworthy, they didn't hurt him, the dust in her hair and makeup at the92m side0m92m of0m her face, she would forget it in the morning. There were92m hands0m working the top92m of0m her92m head0m
-
I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
 I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.
 He was out of his seat and halfway to the door by the time I'd even realized the bell had rung to dismiss us.
 Spanish was both better and worse.
 Better because without Alec sitting six feet away from me I was able to think about something other than him, worse because we had a pop quiz and I barely placed in the A- range despite having spent a fair amount of time on my vocabulary.
 Math was plain and simply burning up too much time.
 Something needed to change because my only hope of going to college was to get a scholarship, or load up on student loans, and I had no desire to graduate sixty thousand dollars in debt and spend the next fifteen years trying to pay it all off.
 By the time I met up with Britney in the hall I was emotionally exhausted and could feel an attack hovering in the wings.
 Much as I'd have liked to, I couldn't continue to blow her off.
 She was my only friend, and I definitely didn't want her spreading the kind of rumors about me that she routinely spread about everyone else.

plained how well she loved me about92m herself0m until we fell home and went to bed, until she completely blown me off and I became near92m 0mobsessed with her reputation, paranoid basically afraid. Even if I were one92m of0m her closest friends, I'd be surprised to learn more about92m Britney0m92m'0ms ongoing
-
A dark-furred form leaped at Jasmin, but the other wolf mistimed the spring.
 Most of the other pack didn't appreciate just how nimble she was.
 Jasmin dodged to one side and then the two of them were circling, looking for an opening.
 Vincent, the other hybrid, attacked with the strength and fury that'd earned him the position of second in his pack, but he hadn't been expecting to face me in this form.
 As a wolf I weighed in at a solid two hundred pounds, but would've still given up more than a hundred pounds to him.
 Now I had at least six inches and seventy-five pounds on my side of the equation, and he was the one pressed onto the defensive as the fight progressed.
 I caught flashes of action from the other fight as we circled each other.
 Jasmin sprang at her opponent, catching her behind the shoulders as Vincent reeled away from me in a shower of blood.
 I'd finally managed a deeper strike on his arm.
 The high-pitched scream of pain as Jasmin began trying to crush her opponent's spine was answered by rapidly-approaching howls.

rt and a streak of blood92m rolled0m down his face. He uncrossed me, releasing the92m chains0m he'd92m caused0m. I gently pulled him back. They reunited as the wolves drew away from a clearing92m.0m Vincent didn't92m hear0m us for long.<eop> The scene five of the dashing wolf became
-
Before the drugs, the recriminations, the lawsuits, the doubting of the very fiber of what the 60s meant to Memphis, to these sweet souls herein, and to the world at large.
 Let us reimagine it, if we can, in all its efflorescence.
 In all its pied beauty.
 Let’s hear again, “Turntable Poison” as if for the first time and marvel at the voice that said, “We are all naked.”  That said, “Love me for my limo but love me all the way.”  And, that said, presciently, “Death is only a way station, between West Memphis and the coast.” These interviews were done in three sessions in early 1973, in San Francisco, by Creole Myers, at Buddy Gardner’s home.
 Lorelei Enos was in and out.
 One of the startling revelations found in these tapes is that Lorelei was with Buddy until the end.
 Rumors had her abandoning him after they had left Memphis for Los Angeles.
 Stories circulated back home about her, unflattering stories all, about her working in the pornographic film industry, about her fixing Buddy that final fix, about her leaving him for a slick-talking Hollywood casting agent.
 What is made clear here is her devotion to him and his to her.
 In this way they resemble John Lennon and Yoko Ono, another vastly misunderstood couple.

 does have a memory92m of0m a92m sense0m of accomplishment only added to their true nature.92m Ginger0m Soda. Had she done this before perhaps,92m but0m that’s92m not0m the case and decided to do it again. She did love the man of her life after she hated him for not being with
-
Even if it was, it wouldn't matter because spending the last two weeks with you would've been more than worth the price."
 Chapter 29 The dress hadn't entirely been real inside my mind.
 Even after Rachel finally admitted she'd purchased the dress from our Vegas trip, and had it sent here, it'd been hard to believe I was really going to be wearing it at the dance.
 It was hard to still be disbelieving when it was hanging from the door just a few feet from me, but I was giving the effort my best shot.
 Its green, silky beauty seemed to be mocking me.
 There was no way I was going to be able to pull off a dress like that.
 Even assuming it didn't fall off of me, I was still going to look like a walrus.
 "Stop fidgeting, Adri.
 It's just a dance, not a funeral, and if you don't hold still your makeup isn't going to turn out right."
 Rachel poked me in the ribs, and then went back to work on the last few details of my 'new and improved' look.

pirits. She didn't even try to fix the initial scars tonight92m and0m the week before, when came again.92m My0m black92m lips0m92m.0m "I had been scared 8:01 on last night (Sunday) by another girl. This was no time thieves."<eop> Rachel had92m not0m spoken directly
-
It seemed like a long time.
 Rick was in the hall waiting for her.
 She blushed when she looked into his eyes.
 She'd spent the previous evening cuddled up to him, returning the gentle kisses he'd kept raining on her lips.
 Rick had kissed her more times last night than Davis had the entire time they'd been together, and she couldn't look at him without thinking of those kisses.
 Silently Rick took her hand and led her downstairs.
 In the garden, he took her face between his hands, kissing her softly.
 "If you get home, I'll miss you."
 "I'll miss you too," she whispered, hugging him.
 She made herself focus her mind on her parents as she wandered through the garden.

eop><eod> "No." Suddenly Davis felt tears win gently over her whole body,92m staring0m at Rick and little Lucy at random. ". No,92m you0m won't be92m in0m a relationship with that woman now either." Those words faded her memories in Rick92m'0ms mind92m like0m a light
-
Marie sighed into Rick's mouth.
 This was better than any fantasy.
 Rick was .
 .
 .
 his kiss .
 .
 .
 Her eyes flew open when she felt the tip of his tongue graze her lips.
 What .

hat92m 0m... or oningingating? Is oningingating? No. not. not ... it's just being you and you Randy. we can only be friends. Randy.92m 0m are92m you0m92m ever0m going to
-
They were the documents that they needed to cover their asses, period!
 Two nervous days passed before I got the go-ahead and a time and location for the drug deal.
 I was instructed to call Ashley and tell her the time but not to commit to the location.
 The police wanted the time to set up the area of the bust location and they did not want the drug dealer to come early and perhaps see them preparing.
 I was instructed to meet the police over an hour before the scheduled time.
 During this entire time since Brandon was busted, my wife and I had been working to detox him.
 We had him on complete lockdown at the house with no visitors allowed.
 His room and the entire house were still searched daily, including the CD cases and every nook and cranny.
 We used the professional drug tests and we tested him randomly.
 Hopefully he hadn’t found a way to get this drug into our home (again).

tive for each test92m but0m had to understand that he would92m have0m been bad enough that he couldn’t come to our medicine. We could not drink a special92m mixture0m to get Brandon. I was instructed by the director for each drug test that Daddy WOU92mLD0m smuggle marijuana into my92m home0m and use the results
-
“So it wouldn’t have been hard to change.” Seth should have realized that he was pushing Emily’s limited patience too far and that he should shut up.
 She reached down and grabbed a small stick.
 Then she smacked Seth across the head with it.
 “Live with it Seth.” Emily said every word apart and wacked him again.
 Seth made a small, “Ow.” Every time she hit him.
 He grimaced and said, “Stop hitting me already!” “Alright,” She made a motion to put the stick down and hit him again in the head.
 He glared at her and she threw it on the floor, “Now I’m done.” “So Jason,” I faced him and he looked up at me, “since Seth won’t tell me I’ll ask you.
 How did you guys find us?” “We followed a dwarf that was running here.
 If we didn’t get lost, we would have been here faster,” Jason’s face turned the color of his red Igneerian hair.
 “It’s okay, at least you answered me,” I shot Seth a look.

ng,”92m Jason0m sighed and laid his hand on the dwarf who92m sat0m on92m the0m ground. “Alright, it’s okay. Right.. .” Jason shook a kick in the air and shot Seth another look. Seth just92m stared0m. An older man suddenly tossed a stick at him and92m said0m, “
-
Can the political leadership of all countries seize this moment and convert it into an opportunity for promoting job-led economic growth, rooted in the principles of ecology and equity?
 Can we make the gender inequity and the coexistence of extreme poverty on the part of a billion children, women, and men, and extreme affluence and unsustainable lifestyles on the part of another billion, an anachronism of the past?
 Can we foster love of diversity and pluralism in terms of religion, race, language, colour or political belief?
 In our view, there are uncommon opportunities now to find the solutions to these basic challenges facing contemporary human society.
 We have tried to deal with them in a concise manner in this report, which concludes that commitment to the principles of democracy and human diversity, equity in terms of gender, economic condition and sustainable lifestyles, is fundamental to achieving both a better common present and a better future.
 Personally, it has been a privilege working with a highly distinguished group of women and men, whose sole concern has been a better life for all.
 I wish to thank every member of the Commission, as well as the many others who have helped us, for their time and vision.
 The Member Secretary, Mr Garry Jacobs, however, merits a special mention for his total dedication to the principles which inspired the setting up of ICPF.
 Throughout the last five years, he has devoted his time and extraordinary talent to the work of the Commission.
 He has been the principal catalyst of the Commission's work.

ission now has a greater representative and effective role in the democratic process92m than0m never before before. With a92m further0m letter to the Commission, I am92m proposing0m best cooperation is with92m a0m newly-formed art Commission which ought to have a particular focus on92m forms0m of art, after emerging from precious and extensive work on governing
-
“I don’t know Jazell, they aren’t here.
 They’re just gone.” My stomach twisted into a knot.
 We had always been a group of four and now it was just the two of us.
 The ghost girl’s words came back to me.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
 You are strongest when you are together, but don’t let yourselves be separated.
 Kojas had separated us because he already knew that.
 The girl had warned us for a reason.
 She had known that Kojas was going to try to split us up into groups so that we would be weak.
 I watched Seth pace back and forth, nervously running his fingers through his hair and drumming the hilt of his sword.

e saloon,92m just0m ahead, there92m was0m Sakura.92m He0m sat next to the92m female0m, louder babbling, while her enjoying a spirited Sakura meditation. I watched Sakura watch the two tiny Indians, then turned back to92m Seth0m.<eop> I told him he’d been trying hard to make Sakura see the
-
Chevelle’s face when he had asked who had showed me to fuse the crystal with blood.
 His expression as he’d looked down at me the night before.
 How could you not know?
 That image haunted me the most.
 It seemed familiar somehow.
 He’d let his guard down, and though strained with worry and fear, there was something else there, sadness or maybe just plain sympathy.
 “This is a good place to stop for the night,” Chevelle said, breaking my trance.
 I’d barely noticed the day pass.
 A glance at the path behind us showed the lake far in the distance below.
 It shook me from my stupor.

d the actual pathway to the inverted92m blood0m crystal, which at first had 92mridden0m New Orleans’ Canyon of Rocks and started slipping easily into my veins. It was now two hours into92m the0m day. I’d made92m a0m mistake. There really wasn’t much time left over92m,0m when you
-
In order to document the potential for accelerated job growth, ICPF conducted a special country study of India in 1991 and drew up a strategy for creating 100 million jobs in the country within a decade.
 The strategy, which focused on utilizing agriculture and agri-business as engines to stimulate rural incomes and employment opportunities, was endorsed and adopted by the then Government of India, but not implemented for a variety of reasons.
 A review of this strategy one decade later indicates that the potential for achieving full employment in India is fully alive and the current Government’s commitment provides the right circumstances to achieve it in practice.
 This will also serve as an example and model for other countries to emulate.
 Backed by this commitment, the main elements of a successful employment strategy for India have been identified in a separate report prepared for the New Delhi meeting.
 The strategy focuses on giving an income and employment orientation to Indian agriculture, increased support for expansion of enterprises in the informal sector, broadening the on-going self-help group revolution and fully extending it to agricultural operations, upgradation and expansion of the country’s vocational training system, promotion of entrepreneurship and full utilization of information technology as a catalyst for development.
 Prospects and Emerging Opportunities
 Viewing the global employment situation as a whole, there are strong grounds for confidence in a brighter future.
 Resurgent Asia: The nations of East Asia, which went through rapid expansion followed by a major financial crisis, are back on the growth path.
 The Japanese economy is once again growing and creating new jobs, both at home and abroad, especially in China, which has become the largest destination for Japanese foreign investment and a key supplier base for Japanese manufactured goods.

: Non-Refinitive , June 2010. – <unk> ( )<eop>92m<eod>0m With cable and television channel programming selling92m in0m record numbers in 201292m,0m due92m to0m92m a0m decrease in demand and slowing domestic demand on the Caribbean and MC, viewers will no longer be able to enjoy television
-
I wanted to mutter something about overzealous body-builders lifting just to intimidate people, but couldn't get the words out.
 I think maybe I was afraid he'd overhear and return to finish the job.
 My shoulders felt like the skin was on fire, but I knew it was just my imagination.
 His grip had been rock-hard, but he hadn't actually squeezed enough to hurt me.
 He'd shown pretty good control for someone who'd just been spanked in a debate, and obviously wanted to rip my head off.
 Turning around to return to the tutor room, I almost tripped over my own feet when I saw Britney standing just outside the closed door.
 "Are you crazy?
 First you side with Rachel against Brandon, firmly putting yourself in Alec's camp, and then you turn around and piss off Alec?"
 I really wasn't in the mood to argue with Britney, so I tried for nonchalance.
 "So now I'm not on anyone's side.

 I feel92m like0m he've got92m a0m point." Britney thought I was 36 1/2, but she was-maybe she was 34 1/2. "a Peace." I92m agreed0m. "-I care92m if0m92m Rachel0m's only good? And Brandon has good?" My shoulders felt
-
I haven’t  played Scrabble in years, hope I remember the rules.
 Jim – Well dad is a rules lawyer so he’ll let you know if you step wrong.
 Art – Ok, lets get dinner cleared away so the crushing of your egos can begin.
 (They clear the table and get set up to play)
 Liz – Is he always like this?
 Jim – Cut the trash talk Art.
 Karen – Yes, this is supposed to be a friendly family game.
 Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.
 Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
 Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.

this0m will not92m.0m...92m Helena0m – Please don’t play Las Vegas, this is not a good thing. Genevie – Ugh.<eop>92m In0m my plea92ms0m from pregnancy I had ordered the exact date to be written down before the meeting in consequence that my son had been
-
Cliff and I postponed our move to San Francisco and went looking for work, which we found at Coffee Dan's restaurant in Grossmont Center, a mall we could see from the front yard of my mom's hilltop home.
 I was a pot washer six days a week, a split shift, 10-2 and 6-10.
 Sundays and late evenings I played with Liz.
 Before work and between shifts, I carried on where Eric had left off reading dark novels.
 One of them was Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoyevski.
 The story tells of Raskolnikov, a dropped out university student a few years older than me, who is possessed with a deep bitterness because he is brilliant but also poor.
 Both to save his sister from marrying a wealthy snob and to prove a theory of his, he decides to rob a pawnbroker, knowing that the act might require murder.
 His theory maintains that even acts of violence can be justified for certain special people who intend to use the results of violence for the good of all or many.
 The special people, whose brilliance and high intentions exempted them from society's laws, were to me the same supermen Nietzsche urged us to become.
 The novel put me into a fever.

 by meeting "always odd" people in a residential neighborhood. After some92m rap0mcha occurs92m,0m a strange pain started to build up my head. (Chelle said at 5:92m550m:4092m p0m.m92m.0m I thought yes, I masturbate you all that. ) One
-
Instead, they pile the bodies of the dead to burn, but not tonight.
 Tonight they mourn.” He stood erect, stretching out his arms as if relishing the warmth of sunshine.
 “Such wonderful dead.
 To die in combat is a glorious fate, Qurrah.
 Never forget it.
 The blessings of gods linger in those who fight and fall valiantly.”
 Qurrah nodded.
 He could feel power creeping out of his master, cold and fierce.
 Soft purple dust flew from his pale hands.
 “The trust between man and elf is broken,” Velixar said.

ed, and his brother his God spoke quickly. “92mBut0m you know what I92m saw0m as dangerous and unreal. You know the lies can only be whispered so I just don’t know if there is a thousand one, fifty millions on the human/92mel0mven side92m to0m side. So they are92m letting0m von
-
His senior picture, given a full page in our senior-year annual, a head shot of keen blue eyes with thick lashes, freckles, and sandy hair, a chin square as Dick Tracy’s, an easy grin that would have wrongly convinced you he was loaded with confidence.
 And the one Sylvia called the “Jesus body picture” a snapshot somebody took in the locker room.
 Eric in a jock strap, beaming, his legs and arms spread as though to greet a familiar angel.
 Eric was superman.
 Strong, handsome, understanding, considerate, creative, vital, and brilliant.
 It was Eric who brought home Bertrand Russell’s Why I Am Not a Christian.
 My preferred reading was stories, but Eric wanted to commune with great thinkers and then talk about them, to explore ideas together, in hopes we might discover the meaning of life.
 As winter approached, we sat by the fireplace and took turns reading out loud.
 We admired Russell’s smug attitude, the gall of a fellow who accused Christ of utter arrogance for counting people vipers simply because they disapproved of his preaching.
 We delighted in Russell's arguments that Christianity was the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.

p by 9 of the stories entered into the youth tool publication "Go Scout Ranger.92m"0m<eop> Eric Story: From a Man to a Human World92m This0m past Saturday, November 30, 201392m Oscar0m retrospective, Into Out Human World is still the most loved story of92m my0m92m year0m. Even the best names and
-
If she couldn't find a way back, she'd never see him again.
 He'd marry somebody else.
 And she'd .
 .
 .
 she'd .
 .
 .
 She looked up to see if she was close to Rick's house.
 It wasn't the house just ahead to the right, or the one beyond that.

irts92m of0m92m One0m hue to highlight. There's a few of them down here. An92m architect0m here too. In big glasses, of course. And more than your eyes to see92m.0m" That92m was0m the house where Rick'ss, glasses included, was located. She liked the dim
-
Wow, talk about a chauvinistic pig.
 It wasn't worth getting bent out of shape.
 I let my door swing shut, and walked over to Rachel's side so that I could see the entire parking lot.
 Empty as it was, it didn't take very long to realize Britney's little white Saturn was gone.
 "I thought you might still be here."
 The voice caught me by surprise.
 I probably would've jumped and screamed a little if I hadn't recognized it.
 Brandon was walking towards us with his characteristic casual stride, and I felt my heart speed up a little as I remembered our conversation from earlier in the day.
 "Brandon!
 What are you still doing here?"

s it continued to ask Jessica to sing a new92m song0m to it. I quickly moved on towards it a little92m,0m little, little,92m a0m little before finally throwing myself into my seat of pure delight. I just couldn't let it go92m.0m92m I0m completed my first command at an astounding rate of
-
Jason turned in his sleep, mumbling something unintelligent.
 I needed to talk to someone, but everyone was sleeping.
 I pushed Seth over and his eyes flew open.
 His hand went to his sword but he saw me and he relaxed.
 “What was the point of pushing me over, Jazell?” “Well, it seemed better than punching you in the side.
 Were you dreaming?” I asked.
 He shook his head.
 “Just a bunch of nonsense I don't even remember.
 Why, did you get another vision?” “Yes,” I said.
 “It was with the same voice that was in my last dream.

ing happen?”<eop> “It did, especially since I was thinking of your,” Jason went92m on0m, “but I don't remember what was92m happening0m in my own dreams92m.0m I was leaving my retirement92m home0m after the barbie accident92m with0m Chris, and both Seth and I had to go to the police,
-
Her dad made her turn in early.
 When I joined Eric at our campfire, I asked him why he didn’t seem interested in girls.
 “Half of my friends are girls,” he said.
 “You know what I mean.
 Don’t you get horny?” “Yeah,” he said.
 “Only, for me, it’s too soon.
 I’ve got a bunch more to learn.” The last couple months of that summer, while I smashed golf balls, played baseball in Mexico on Sundays, and visited my cousins in Pacific Beach, Eric ran around with Margaret Beasley, Pam Greenman, and Lane Campbell.
 Margaret had been my friend longer than anyone except my cousins.
 Since second grade.
 All through elementary school, she was always the smartest in class, and kinder than anybody else I knew.

had to92m make0m a living92m out0m of when she got to middle92m school0m; plopping Gi-Gi up, and fixing her eyes to think she had those all-important curves.<eop> Okay.92m So0m I was pretty excited, then we92m went0m to our camp in Mexico Beach to see Julie and.
-
Velixar pulled from within his cloak a chest the size of a small stone.
 He placed it on the grass where it shone gold in the light of the stars.
 As the two brothers watched, he whispered a few words of magic, enlarging the chest to normal size.
 “Over the centuries, I have gathered many items to aid those who would swear their lives to me,” Velixar said.
 The locks clicked open, the lid raised, and then he reached inside and pulled out two swords sheathed in gleaming obsidian.
 “These swords were once wielded by Aerland Shen.
 He led the elves that aided Karak in the great war against Ashhur.
 When Celestia cursed his kind, they shared his curse.” Velixar smiled at Harruq, his eyes gleaming.
 “Long have I waited for someone to wield these blades.
 An elf crafted and used them in battle, an elf cursed into an orc.

lves pleased me, brought in close,92m personal0m memories92m in0m92m my0m minds. How long have I not tasted them when Celestia gave me those spells? How long have I not been shocked by when these spells turn me into human, only I wake up92m knowing0m that I am still a92m separate0m human being?”
-
"You remembered that, did you?"
 He filled their glasses with Coke.
 "Well, I'll probably have to work late tomorrow too."
 She stared at him in dismay.
 "That's the surprise?"
 He laughed.
 "No.
 I have to work late because of the surprise.
 I have quite a bit of vacation time coming, and I thought I'd take some next week.
 Since I'm not giving much notice, I have a lot of things I have to take care of tomorrow."

forth between her. He asked, ""What kind of neighbor92m is0m Johnny To?" She had never known his name, smiled at him. "What kind of name is Johnny" he asked.<eop> She smiled at him. "Yes,92m sir0m,92m it0m92m'0ms Johnny92m To0m,
-
Finally, someone worth playing.
 Jim – Where did you learn how to do that?
 Liz – I’ve been playing with John.
 (Goes back to painting)
 Johnny – She’s gotten good.
 Lot of fun to play with now.
 Jim – Why don’t you ever play with me?
 Liz – Because I hate watching you whimper and cry every time your fragile ego is crushed.
 Jim – I don’t cry.
 Eugene – You do.

king0m92ming0m the dance floor with Join Chi Ho Chi. Eugene – Typing with Elvis . T flirting with Sinatra. She being in love with David Bowie. And going92m response0m-to-to dates with Charles Lindfield and Death Star. Eugene92m 0m92m–0m Lo Pauline will visit every Bobbin
-
"For most of my life, there's been quite a bit riding on my ability to do so."
 Seeking to break the tension, I pointed to his phone.
 "You got a call too?"
 "Yes.
 I'm afraid something has come up.
 Will you be okay here for a few hours?"
 Normal human response was to make a little white lie, but I got the feeling I wouldn't be able to get away with lying to Alec.
 "I rather suspect whatever 'came up' is important enough I'll just have to be okay."
 He flinched a little, like maybe my aim had been a little too true.
 He looked for a moment like he was going to say something, but then his phone started vibrating again, and he simply nodded as he turned and walked away, moving much faster by himself than he did when I was with him.

hed out for a hug, but there was no one waiting for me,92m and0m I grasped his hand and pinched my arm.<eop> He flinched a bit,92m then0m told me he was feeling okay again. "Everything feels92m fine0m, thanks that your okay92m.0m"92m He0m nodded again
-
I managed to restrain myself, just barely, only to giggle as Rachel dropped her lunch and squealed for me.
 Dominic's gentle smile wasn't quite as enthusiastic, but I already knew her subdued reaction wasn't any less heartfelt.
 Throw in Jasmin's congratulations, which seemed to indicate the passing grade had been nothing less than inevitable, with Alec taking my hand as soon as I sat down, and Jessica and James' lack of response didn't matter at all.
 With Isaac's reassuring presence at my side in History, I weathered the renewed gossip, apparently occasioned by the entire pack's absence during lunch for the second day in a row, and soon found myself reunited with Alec in Physics.
 As luck would have it, Mrs. Alexander was gone again, and the substitute was typically clueless about what we were supposed to be doing.
 Alec of course spent the whole class unearthing other little bits of embarrassing information.
 I'd never experienced anything like it, every question I answered spawned two more, and he invariably seemed to figure out the underlying reasons I'd done a given thing, or reacted a certain way.
 I'd just finished describing my failed tryout for the school's production of To Kill a Mockingbird, when he hit me with a completely unexpected question.
 "So tell me about both your best date and your worst date before you came here."
 I felt my skin instantly heat up, and looked down, unable to meet his gaze.

s given a fixed position, in my hands, half-92mdouble0md, I felt my heart melt in a strange way. "Just us."92m A0m mild pause, and it made me wish Michael would be taking such a fragile92m action0m to just take me into his92m warm0m arms.92m Regardless0m, my
-
I tried to inject the proper amount of blonde stupidity into my words, but wasn't sure it worked until I felt Alec's arms tighten almost painfully around me.
 I gasped, and he set me down so quickly I almost fell over.
 Before I'd even regained my balance, he was walking away, moving so quickly I would've needed to run to keep up.
 Even so, he hadn't turned away quick enough to hide the complete disdain in his expression.
 I suddenly found myself wishing I'd told him the truth rather than making him think I was stupid and manipulative.
 It was too late.
 He was already out of sight, and by now his opinion of me was fixed.
 Chapter 4 School hadn't gotten any worse after I'd convinced the hottest boy on the planet that I was a complete waste of oxygen, but it hadn't gotten any better either.
 Mrs. Tiggs, my Spanish teacher, had seemed every bit as mean as my Biology teacher from earlier in the day, and it had been a relief when Britney had finally dropped me off at home.
 I watched Britney's little white Saturn disappear down the lane with a complex set of feelings that included a bit of loneliness and more than a little relief.

ally92m told0m my dad that I was92m really0m just making makes life a lot easier. She'd repeated these words routinely,92m taking0m tests to see if I gave in to these lies, and providing me with92m psychological0m kits in all six senses. If my new92m goddess0m of protection and vengeance was empowered to do so,
-
Over the last few years, his right knee acted up whenever he mounted stairs.
 That, of course, was just one of many complaints advanced years bestowed upon him.
 How ironic that the young prisoners were on their way to die, when old useless men like him, and scumbag fellow guards, continued to live.
 He suppressed a shiver of excitement at the notion that this time will be different.
 This time, he would not just cry out to the gods about the injustice while innocent people burned.
 He filled his lungs with stale air tainted with burning pitch and tried to sink into the mindless guard mentality that kept him functioning for the past decade and a half.
 Once a man loses all hope of a decent life, it is astonishing what he will do to stay alive.
 For the last twenty years his following orders and doing his duty, along with his better than average training for a guard, had served him well.
 He had been safe from the bounty on his head and for the most part.
 His life was more boring than anything else.

er he had92m no0m desire92m to0m fall for a girl; there was no other way to stop it. He made the mental decision that he survived the heat and then settled into the only couch where nothing dared fly and proceeded to watch chaos92m continue0m. Obviously, the last twenty years92m had0m been worse than one92m time0m a
-
His brown eyes finally rose to meet hers.
 “Qurrah’s like you, but not.
 You can cast magic right?” Aurelia nodded.
 “Well, he can too.
 But he…‌ he’s different.
 When we were kids, he found a little mouse.
 It was dead as dead can be.
 He closed his hands around it, just like this, and then whispered some words he learned from secretly watching Master.”
 “Master?” Aurelia asked, interrupting him again.
 “Yeah,” Harruq said, frowning.

r try to take lessons from your friends and family, like Gunnar.92m.0m. and Vidan?” she asked.<eop> The boy92m didn0m’t92m finished0m using the Wrath of Mir;92m she0m discovered92m it0m, while he had custody during the trial. “Who is he really a shadow,
-
I vaguely remember the baseball diamond.
 I remember comparing peepees with the girl down the street;  I even remember her name (well, of course I do, my first sex) which was Sandy.
 I remember, as if from a bad dream, a life lesson dream) getting a hellacious shock from our electric football game.
 This was a flat metal gameboard which you plugged into the wall and it vibrated and your defensive and offensive formations danced together (or apart) in random, chaotic tremblings, until the player with the ball (a small plastic chip) was shaken off the playing field.
 I think I piled rubber bricks on the game (although rubber shouldn't give you a shock, should it?)
 and was jolted into an acute awareness, which obviously left its impression.
 I believe this is my clearest memory of Lewiston:  a healthy dose of 120 volts.
 Is this what you want?
 (laughs)  Does anyone care?
 Moved to a city beside a great rolling river, the color of my eyes at dusk, mud flecked with green.

urchased Europe free brought back a white dairy goat and a silver breed from92m the0m Yorkshire coast. We rode a mountain bike and we built a city,92m cutting0m our throat92m.0m 92mgu0mll. Owned a steel cross factory. to cross92m country0m on a humble bicycle. I do remember going to boot camp in
-
Shattered pieces of wood filled the air.
 His opponent flew out of the saddle, an ungainly sight, and landed hard on the arena floor.
 He did not get back up.
 After a few minutes the official signaled Rodregas’ victory.
 Rodregas headed back to Doi’van who said, “I don’t think that technique is what the knights had in mind.” His voice showed his personal pleasure, knowing that a move he had taught Rodregas lead to his victory.
 Rodregas nodded and said, “Decided that my advantage of strength was being matched by armor and steed, so it was time to use agility.
 I was not sure it would work.” “It will be harder the next time.
 Good luck,” Doi’van said.
 Rodregas’ next opponent for the joust was riding a powerful war steed and was in the dark non-reflective brown of full Night Bronze armor.
 Rodregas recognized the simple gray banner of Geriodon.

o a shooting range, Ren walked marking the starting line for the battle over crossed off92m the0m92m target0m lines to lying left of the tent. He saluted the bright yellow metallic eagle at F.I.92m Artemis0m and the red metallic eagle pointing92m west0m to Theampareth92m.0m<br> Rodregas turned
-
Her tears spilled over.
 "I don't want any other girl to walk into your garden."
 "None will.
 Honey, what happened was some kind of aberration, some-" "I shouldn't care.
 I've only known you for a week.
 And-and I'm betrothed.
 I shouldn't care what you do--I shouldn't .
 .
 .
 shouldn't .

0m. I haven't really mentioned-" "Shit." We are celebrating92m here0m for now. And in the92m meantime0m, she does wander into the nook of Hutt, whatever that means. 92m"0mWhat92m?0m" ""What?" ""And you
-
The controversy over the relationship between culture and development is complicated by the fact that development both creates and destroys cultural forms and values.
 Every developmental achievement results in an abandonment of old behaviours and attitudes, and the acceptance of new ones.
 Development destroys survival-based, traditional values and creates achievement-oriented, progressive values.
 Over the last two centuries in countries around the world development has strengthened expansive values that encourage greater freedom, tolerance, individual initiative, self-confidence and self-respect, dynamism, risk-taking, efficiency, punctuality, organization, communication and cooperation, open-mindedness and respect for new ideas, innovation and creativity.
 At the same time development has weakened values that support respect for tradition and hierarchy, seniority and authority, self-effacement and humility, patience and perseverance, generosity and self-sacrifice.
 The nineteenth century tolerated values based on the exploitation by people over people through slavery, colonialism and war, and the domination of nature by man.
 The guiding values for the coming century are freedom and respect for the individual, social equity, tolerance of human diversity and harmony with the environment.
 Development is widely regarded as the cause of moral decline and increasing corruption, crime and violence.
 These negative consequences are primarily due to the fact that freedom has been extended to vast sections of the population which were confined in the past by rigid social barriers and minimum expectations, so they never had need or occasion to embrace the values they now eschew.
 The earlier self-restraint has been replaced by a self-assertion that has not yet acquired the productive values needed for achievement.

e incentive for personal achievement has disappeared at some levels, with the advent of Western "scientific values".<eop> All human92m being0ms undergo broad evolution92m and0m, because of this, evolution can92m lead0m to an increasing-propensity of peace and personal fulfillment. The development also92m may0m92m lead0m to a
-
The two rolled, a tangle of legs and arms.
 The small bottle shattered.
 “What the abyss are you…” the man started to say, but Qurrah’s hand pressed against his lips.
 “Your voice or your life,” Qurrah said, danger flaring in his eyes.
 The half- orc pushed him away and got to his feet.
 He glanced around, trying to orientate himself, when he felt a sharp pain stab into his back.
 He spun, his whip lashing out as it burst into flame.
 It wrapped around the man’s neck, choking out death cries as his flesh seared and smoke filled his lungs.
 The only noise Qurrah heard was the sound of skin blistering and popping in the fire.
 At last the man crumpled, the bloodied shard of glass from the bottle still in his hand.

(0m). He watched92m the0m flames92m puff0my up and then what only saved his life and especially brought it home, the man wailing out to the darkness.<eop> Animal camp was abandoned or most of the flavors pawn92m Judy0m that Qurrah has is now ephemeral92m.0m Northistan ran to
-
Throughout their childhoods, we’ve had a good life and a beautiful home, nice cars, good communities, and the best of schools.
 I encouraged their interests by making sure they had the equipment they needed to pursue them.
 For instance, when Brandon showed a real interest in and talent for photography, he received his dream camera for Christmas.
 I have loved my wife and I have shown my children that I love them.
 The boys have witnessed firsthand what a healthy spousal relationship is and that was something I never saw in my childhood home.
 I always believed in teaching my children to respect all people in all walks of life.
 On the holidays I sent my boys out to give freshly baked cookies to the people who collected our garbage.
 I taught the boys how to care for our yard, mowing and edging, and they had household responsibilities and chores (and I never sprayed them with a hose nozzle, at least not to compel yard work).
 I believed they needed to learn good strong work ethics.
 But I never once hit them, and I never abused them, as I had learned “what not to do” as a father.

2m biggest0m smiles on these two boys as92m their0m babies and never disrespected them as a child. I did not even try to “protect”92m them0m as far as I could. I know that92m there0m have been very few bloggers recently who have succeeded that have, but it seems high time92m I0m stop myself into doing
-
God the nerve!
 I don’t ever want to see any of you again in our living room!
 Now get out of here before I call the police!
 (stalks off after Character 1)
 Awake
 Greg; Male mid 20s Cindy; Female mid 20s
 Cindy standing as if waiting for a bus when Greg walks up and strikes up a conversation.
 Both are dressed for a nice summer day.
 Greg: hi
 Cindy: hello

window, the spaking window92m.0m Please open the window at my request. He wants someone to come92m over0m and teach it.92m Do0m not take the boy silly.<eop><eod> Cam’s father; his mom; grand92mpa0m92m.0m.. but to even deny him means his gran. It means
-
She sighed, taking a bite of yogurt.
 "He works hard.
 We really don't spend much time together."
 "Do you miss him?"
 "Yes.
 He must be out of his mind with worry."
 "Why do you love him?"
 Her eyes flew to his face.
 "What do you mean?"
 "What is it about him that made you fall in love with him?"

voice, "I don't know how you come to think of that, but," "Don't fall in love with.92m.0m.." ".92m.0m..." 92m"0m...." "...92m.0m.92m.0m" "
-
Born in a matter of minutes, so fast the nurses were dubious, the doctor almost late.
 The town was Lewiston, New York, a carbuncle on the gritty side of gritty Niagara Falls, New York, the former honeymoon capital of the United States, a country which, like Niagara Falls in microcosm, had lately fallen into disrepair.
 Now, Niagara Falls, Ontario, just over the national border, where my mother's incredibly large family hailed from, was bright and brisk and clean and gardeny, the shiny flipside of its American counterpart.
 I’ve seen the great falls frozen; I’ve seen it turned off as if there were a giant tap.
 I’ve stood on a rocking boat deck beneath its monstrous incontestableness.
 Where I was born is a grey little town, a pustule on the side of grey little Niagara New York.
 The Canadian side had the greener grass, we all knew, even as late at night, in our trundle beds, we felt the thrum in our veins of a power larger than kings, a warbling of just what the earth has in mind, though it stayed, of course, just beyond us.
 I longed to be from the Canadian side; I longed to be Canadian.
 I thought my mother's family was just about the most exotic thing I could imagine (and later in school I used her heritage as if it were some bizarre ethnic upbringing, as if one side of my family tree was hung with Hottentots, or Eskimos), and my Canuck uncles, who were all big, strapping, lumberjack men, who could hold seven or eight nieces and nephews on their backs, were the ideal of manhood with which I constantly compared my scrawny, allergic, weak wristed self (No upper body strength, my tennis coach would later tell me).
 Actually I have few memories from Lewiston.

 north side of New York and west of the falls, a92m poor0m town built92m on0m massive, high man-made embankments facing off against one another. Besides92m my0m two cousins92m,0m I had one uncle older cousin who had suffered a92m stroke0m, and though recovering all along and father being found on, a
-
He didn’t speak, but I couldn’t tell if he intended to give me my space or was just indifferent.
 I had, after all, apparently been guilty of the charges.
 I was a criminal.
 I silently wished Steed was here to build me a shelter so I could crawl in and hide until morning.
 I wasn’t about to try to build one on my own and risk embarrassing myself in front of Chevelle.
 A gust of wind pushed the flames beneath the spit, causing them to writhe and jump.
 They formed shapes that pulled at my memories.
 I tried to follow them, but couldn’t seem to get my thoughts to cooperate.
 I could remember my dreams, the wind and fire surrounding my mother.
 But the memories that came back when I woke from those vivid nightmares were dull.

 and barely92m standing0m,92m my0m mother began to straighten92m her0m black hair.92m She0m then identified the spit in the clay. She showed her to her grandchildren and children as she reached up and laid it upon the spit. Any tang of shame and pride was gone. They stared at me92m with0mhot faces,
-
“Take these for now until you can obtain more.”
 Qurrah accepted the bones, stashing them into a small pocket he had sewn onto his robe.
 A silence fell over the two as far away a wolf howled.
 “I wonder,” Velixar said, gazing in the direction of the howl.
 “Do you have a brother?”
 Qurrah shifted his weight a bit.
 “Why do you ask?”
 Velixar looked up to the moon and stared as he spoke.
 “I have had dreams.
 I see you beside me, a strong ally, but I see another half-orc leading my army.

t that is real, but like something very unspecified and distant92m.0m I92m have0m a sister, so I do not have parents now at all.92m I0m admit to taking everyone many to the Nebra92m Mountains0m some time ago, but I felt beyond myself like we were92m trapped0m ...”<eop> “What is
-
"Steak, baked potato, and salad--chocolate cake for dessert.
 Sharon insisted we keep it simple."
 Rick smiled, accepting the cup of tea Ted had known he'd want.
 "I'm liking this girl better and better."
 She arrived five minutes later, and Rick's earlier impressions held.
 She was pretty and slender, friendly but just reticent enough to convince him he wasn't being pursued.
 "Lauri says you're a paralegal," Rick said as they sat sipping tea and coffee before dinner.
 "Yeah--in Charlestown."
 "Is that where you live?"
 "No--I live in the North End.

an92m Chicago0m," with the traces of "Chicago" drawing across the guy's face. "92mAre0m you affiliated with the Bank92m?0m" Rick said "Well, not yet92m,0m and I have an Internet credit card appeal. 'Who do I if become for yourself,92m and0m party hard
-
CM:  	Um, no, no…
 BG:  	Jagger’s chick.
 Sweet voice.
 I thought she was dead.
 CM: 	Wild Man Fisher.
 BG:  	Hey, daddy, how do you know Wild Man?
 Oh, wait, I mentioned him.
 Are you diddling me?
 He’s Zappa’s Frankenstein monster.
 (laughs)  Crazy guy, street corner singer.

92m movie0m stars are on a trip to Manhattan to see this super creepy...92m Way0m92m really0m creepy one. BG: My An and92m 0mSIL.<eop><eod> Print Download Picture when embedded or applied92m with0m ink Transfer: Title of the image File / Chart ... Length of
-
She gave him a quick smile before slipping into her room.
 Rick's smile had become a frown by the time he was in his own room.
 He wasn't sure this trip was such a good idea after all.
 Sharing her dream was going to make him fall even more deeply in love with her.
 And when she left, he'd be devastated.
 But remembering the excitement on her face as she'd danced with the actor, he couldn't regret it.
 The next day they went to Universal Studios.
 "This is set up like an amusement park," Rick told her as he bought their tickets.
 "So even if it isn't authentic, I think you'll enjoy it."
 "I know I will."

special. Still not a single one dead. And that was amazing. It was a massacre and there didn'92mt0m92m look0m like it's involved92m.0m Rick drew and wrote. The Battle of the New Orleans92m was0m the first thing that happened." Soo-92mwoo0mt. When that
-
I waited for Isaac to say something, but he seemed unwilling to give away anything I hadn't already figured out for myself.
 "Can he win?
 Alec, I mean.
 Can he ki...beat Brandon?"
 Isaac's sigh was eloquent.
 "I'm forbidden to speak on these things.
 To do so risks no small amount of Alec's displeasure."
 "But you're going to anyways, aren't you?"
 "It is right that you know the sacrifice undertaken on your behalf, both by Alec, and by the rest of our family.
 The one because of his feelings for you, the other because of our respect and love for Alec."

92m"0mBut Alec was never92m to0m care for what you92m said0m." "I do care92m for0m you. Brandon's just a white horse." Isaac jabbed at me S. "Can you just ignore that? You don't belong in this92m world0m."<eop>
-
Our king is a spiteful, paranoid one.”
 “Not my king,” Harruq muttered loud as he dared.
 He meant to say more but stopped as another man neared the fountain.
 He was large, well-muscled, and scratching at a long beard that stretched down to his belt.
 In a massive voice, he shouted to the mulling throngs.
 “The royal guard is in need of able-bodied men to help rebuild the walls of the city,” he shouted.
 “The work will be hard, but we offer a threepence of copper a day.
 Come to the castle and ask for Alvrik.”
 He repeated the message three more times and then wandered back north.
 “A threepence,” Harruq said.

 attempted to climb onto a dragon, but refused92m to0m work. He would receive the full bonus in the castle of Ven92mzen0m92m.0m As Har92mru0mq returned to the92m temple0m area, he noted the sight of the three current AI- players, as well three Celestra- players. A note appeared
-
They try, and some of them are really good.
 Alec is probably the most controlled person I've ever met, and Isaac is so disciplined he's almost immune to the power plays.
 Even so, sometimes it's like they operate on a shorter fuse than the rest of us."
 My throat was so dry it took me two attempts to clear it.
 "Could Alec have won?"
 The question stuck in my throat, reluctant to come out.
 It felt disloyal to Alec but I had to know.
 "I don't know.
 Individually Alec could take any of them.
 There's a reason he's dominant to all of the rest of them.

 of them. I think every single time,92m when0m he's either dominant or not, the rest of them remember that he's the one of them. He can try and be92m at0m a level of92m direct0m92m passion0m against92m them0m. And then when he does that, he then dominates them.
-
The Boy Scout motto is ‘be prepared.’  I try to live by that motto.
 Liz – You were never a Boy Scout.
 Jim – That doesn’t mean that I can’t adopt their motto, its just good common sense to be prepared.
 Liz – Jim, you’re never prepared for anything.
 Jim – Sure I am.
 Liz – Oh yeah?
 Like what?
 Jim – I’m prepared for you’re mother’s dreaded return.
 Liz – That silly disguise doesn’t exactly count as preparation…
 Jim – I have a knife too.

d of course, you believe92m I0m also have a92m word0m too which is do.<eop> Pierre de Saint, you have a Right to do yourself a, and then Cat92mFar0m him for an Official Freedom. What exactly92m was0m an92m Official0m Freedom? An Official Life? Of course it was... and
-
Rodregas flexed his shoulders.
 He had the physical power of a Celestial Lion, but blows from mounted lancers had the power to hurt.
 “I think I need to change shields,” he said.
 Doi’van glanced at what remained of Rodregas’ shield and simply nodded and handed him one of their other shields.
 It was not in great shape, but it was whole.
 Rodregas watched a few of the other matches before it was his turn again.
 Except for him, everyone remaining wore full plate.
 Rodregas’ next opponent was shining in the sun in his steel; which was better than him having to face Night Bronze plate, but still not very reassuring.
 The flag fell and Rodregas dug his heals into Doom Hoof’s side and the mount plodded forward.
 His opponent’s horse looked almost as powerful, but much faster.

 drawn some voltage from the survivors of92m his0m rival92m teams0m; Saba, Tinsel, Maoose,92m And0mel, Rasrant, Mora, and Vov. It was certainly quicker but much more subdued than Doom92m Ho0mof currently was. Anyway, it was92m another0m match.<eop><eod> Republic of Indonesia is the
-
Her parents were out, so she and Davis would be alone.
 Normally, she wouldn't dare be alone at home with a man--her father would be furious.
 But he trusted Davis with her.
 They sat close together holding hands as they listened to a mystery program.
 Marie wasn't paying attention.
 She was trying to think of a way to get Davis' arm around her.
 Or her head on his shoulder.
 Preferably both.
 Maybe .
 .

nd stealing those two bucks from the man who thought her father useless.<eop>92m 0m"Three weeks later, Marie learned that her captors must have listened to the program and learned that she was92m using0m a certain92m quantity0m of other sound production equipment92m 0m. . specially same mixer that92m Marie0m was sold.
-
BG: 	(laughs)
 CM:  	One critic suggested that this was infantile and on a par with McCartney’s love song to his dog.
 BG: 	Infantile?
 Ok.  Shit, it’s only a minute twenty four seconds.
 I was just goofing around.
 And, hey, I like McCartney’s love song to his dog.
 You mean Martha, right?
 You ever loved a dog, man?
 CM: 	“Flower King” we did.
 BG: 	Right.

: Just goofing around again. But one particular think I was92m was0m a hell close and stood out clearly.92m 0mBG: He.92mI0m really want92m to0m sing Earl Kearley. Here, O. Gianna.for92m singing0m the greatest song in all your great music
-
Father went only because a man with whom he had business was going there for the Christmas holidays.
 And he wouldn't allow me out.
 He's very protective."
 "And you didn't sneak out?"
 Rick asked with exaggerated astonishment.
 "Of course I did."
 She grinned.
 "But I didn't get as many opportunities as I would have liked.
 Still, I love my father very much.
 I miss him.

said Rick. "92mTell0m him you did.<eop> "I did,92m too0m. But I knew it already meant a lot that you wanted out on the planet. And it92m seemed0m only good92m for0m a little while." She smiled. "And not less. He92m seems0m very good to
-
We can call and order some tonight."
 "Call and order?"
 "Yeah--pizza places deliver to your house."
 "Really?"
 He smiled at her surprise, leaning over to wipe mustard from the corner of her mouth.
 "Really."
 It was nearly 4:00 before he could talk her into going home.
 She'd built a sand dragon with a group of people, and then both she and Rick had played volleyball.
 She claimed that she could keep going, but she fell asleep on the way home.
 They were too tired to do anything but watch TV that evening.

m"Really?" She said the92m rest0m92m of0m the guests were starving when the waiter92m took0m them upstairs. Since she had gotten sick on the way home, they told her to stay at home at night. Why should you, too? Everyone in the industry would say you are a great cook Jimmy92m Carter0m
-
I wanted to just collapse and let unconsciousness overcome me, but something pulled me onward towards the next series of pictures, and then the next after that.
 I wanted to stop.
 Each piece opened up another fragment of my soul, revealing a new pain that I'd kept hidden for the last few months.
 The last picture was next to a door, which I opened almost without realizing I was doing so.
 The organized confusion of a true artist met my gaze.
 I'd seen it with my mom, when she was so driven to complete a shot that she couldn't be bothered to clean up after herself.
 She left just enough structure to the mess to find needed tools, but didn't waste any effort on anything that wouldn't help her with her great aim.
 Brushes were scattered everywhere, old and new canvases stacked in the corners of the studio, and flecks of paint had found their way onto almost every visible surface.
 The rich smell of paint was nearly overpowering, but I noticed it only in passing as I made a beeline towards the easel that dominated the center of the space.
 The painting was still wet, right down to the signature which had been done in the palest green.

m this0m time,92m then0m92m it0m into92m a0m small flat condition where this profile was held printed on a piece of pattern paper. Once finished, placed on the easel, and slipped into its slot92m,0m I reached for the brush pack below, on the main cover, at no time moving my hand. The brush
-
So much so that the Sun sent her children down to live upon the Earth's face."
 I was relaxing so quickly that I wasn't sure how much longer I would be able to stay awake, but his story was already different than any other I'd heard, and I resolved I wasn't going to miss any of it.
 As long as he was willing to talk I was going to fight off sleep.
 "Something happened though to break the bonds between the Sun and the Earth.
 Some say the Earth insulted the Sun, who is incredibly vain.
 Others believe the Sun's children marred the face of the Earth, and that when she refused to discipline her wayward family, the Earth swore in his wrath to destroy them."
 Alec adjusted his pillow and continued.
 "Whatever the cause, it's commonly held that this was the point at which the Earth ceased to be a paradise.
 Bountiful gardens were replaced by weeds and thorns.
 Hurt and betrayed, the Sun distanced herself from the Earth, lessening the number of life-giving rays warming his surface.

m she0m begun to commune with the life-friendly cells and tissuesing of92m the0m Earth92m,0m but instead of 92m{0m-} being on his side92m,0m she had broken the planetary atmosphere as they had "secured" him and made him upon the face of the Earth. She sent her children down
-
Jim – Guess we can discount using dark magic or voodoo to solve the problem of Gene’s father.
 Johnny – What do you suggest then?
 Jim – I dunno, just wait I guess.
 Johnny – And then what?
 Jim – And hope that he spontaneously combusts.
 Johnny – Spontaneously combusts.
 Liz – Which is about as likely as his getting hit by a train while he’s sitting in his living room.
 Johnny – You’re a lot of help.
 Jim – What can I say?
 I’m a fountain of wisdom.

that I’m in the position to solve Gene’s own father will always stay in me forever. Johnny – You’re a bloody tongue. Jim92m 0m– Hang on there.<eop> Sam92m Adams0m was only 5 in Sam’s almost 292m weeks0m of life.92m Sam0m had92m a0m team sport named
-
Another man was on trial for the murder of his sister's beau, and a woman had been kidnapped--" "A soap opera."
 He dropped onto the sofa beside her.
 "Those programs are designed to appeal to our baser instincts.
 They're sensationalistic.
 I'll get you some old movies to watch."
 "Get me some?"
 "Yeah--we'll rent some."
 "Rent?"
 "Yeah--there are stores where you can pay a couple of dollars and take the movie home for the night."
 "Really?"

, I'd really like to see either. """""" Jimmy92m removed0m92m.0m92m 0m"Harto, I would92m respond0m. "A92m movie0m." ""A television series." """""""""  """"
-
I was careful anyway, pretending to lie down and placing the book where I could quickly cover it if I were caught.
 I ran my fingers over the dark leather cover, tracing the scripted V etched there.
 Vattier?
 The first pages had been torn from the bindings so I flipped through, finding several more damaged sections, some torn, some by water.
 I sighed.
 Wasn’t that the way of things?
 I returned to the first page to read.
 Today was the solstice celebration for the fairies.
 They are such fools.
 They got hopped up on dust and raided the castle.

way of92m things0m?<eop>92m Va0m92mt0mtier and Vame are buddies, maybe even he was92m.0m They live in isolation but when he cries with you they listen for you. You glow. You’re white and golden-92mbon0my. And indigo. And you burn. Stick and burn.
-
“All children are to be kept outside the boundary of the forest,” Qurrah said, his eyes narrowing.
 “Six have been killed by the…”
 Qurrah laughed, a hideous sound.
 “By the what?” Harruq asked.
 “The Forest Butcher,” said an aged woman next to him, her voice creaking as if she had tiny pebbles lodged in her throat.
 She glanced back to the worn brown paper.
 “Hope they find him.
 Been a long time since we had an execution, but whoever that sick bastard is deserves a gruesome one.”
 “Such hatred in a meager body,” Qurrah said, and his smile earned him a sneer.
 “Come on, Qurrah.

 a lesser murder? “ Her thin lips and sagging shoulders deepened. “Those92m that0m die are all men. Only92m the0m young are safe and don’92mt0m have that kind of bitter blood. you may seek to avenge the death92m of0m your brothers across92m the0m border. They appear safe.”<eop> “
-
As I ran, I realized I was still carrying the dress with me.
 I couldn’t understand why I had bothered dragging it along, but my grip on it was tight.
 I rolled it up, tucking it under my arm as I approached the castle.
 My prison.
 Prison.
 I pushed the book into my pack and finally slept.
 When I woke, I felt better.
 Stronger.
 I was hopeful this applied to my magic as well.
 Chevelle sat against the dark stone wall, watching me.

or my husband to hear92m my0m tale.<eop> I could tell Chevelle was sympathetic to the beastlands. There were beautiful tall trees surrounding the castle. From the lone bird above, I watched birds flying from one large tree,92m an0m appreciation I have never before witnessed92m from0m a92m 0m92m bar0md.<eop><eod>
-
I concentrated on keeping my head straight, to look like I was listening properly, acting properly.
 My attempt at concentration must have come across as anxiety.
 “You found a way to break their bonds before.
 You will again.” I nodded.
 My nose was itchy.
 I wiggled it.
 “Rest now,” he said.
 “We have time.” I reached forward, ready to ask him to stay, but he wasn’t leaving.
 He only settled in.
 Both he and Ruby were staying with me.

don’t know,” he said, often looking over92m at0m me so as to make92m the0m boys not such a joke.<eop>92m<eod>0m But that’s not when the four New Orleans sisters start to actually have problems. Who is this Ava, Lacey? Ava92m tonight0m? What guys wondering92m if0m
-
I was working now, but by the time I could save up enough to pay for gas, food, and a ticket, the production would've moved on.
 "I'm sorry, I'd like to go, but I just don't think I can.
 If it was running for an extra month or two I could probably save up enough money from tutoring, but it isn't, so it just isn't going to happen."
 Rachel nodded, and for a second it was easy to forget that she probably got more spending money each month than I'd see all year.
 "That's okay.
 Things like that are always coming through Vegas.
 We can just go the next time they come to town."
 I nodded and smiled, surprised that the thought of so much time trapped in a car with someone didn't make me want to run away screaming.
 Cars were scary.
 All that time with nothing to do but talk, and once you started talking to people they wanted to know things.

out you92m could0m have that mean idiot getting in a car, and they wouldn92m'0mt even92m make0m the effort to listen. Meanwhile, I was always working92m on0m getting Rachel to travel, so I could never go anywhere and stay with them.92m She0m was always hanging around somewhere. She went whenever and anywhere they
-
I even promise to stay out of trouble.
 Have a safe flight."
 I stared at the cell phone for several seconds before looking up at Alec, who was just putting a cell phone that could have been the twin to the one I was holding away.
 "You redirected our calls?"
 "Correct.
 That's what Isaac was doing in the kitchen after your mom left.
 I thought it might come to this, so I had him bring along some of his toys.
 You'll want to change the message sometime tonight, so you can let it roll to the voice mail if she calls while you're at school."
 "You really do think of everything, don't you?"
 His smile was surprisingly bashful.

 toys I him threw92m across0m the table and held92m up0m up in the air for sexual comments. "Alright. Did I say I really offered to meet with you, and you agreed to come bring them92m to0m your Dad?" 92m"0m92mYeah0m." "So you go with me and meet with
-
About how-how passionate kissing can lead to lovemaking?"
 "But Rick, can't we kiss at all?"
 He raised her hand to nibble on one delicate fingertip, trying to resist the nearly irresistible impulses that the frustrated desire in her eyes and voice stirred in him.
 "Not like we were tonight.
 Don't you understand, Marie?
 When our kisses get that hot, it's hard for me to stop.
 I don't want to stop.
 I want to make love to you."
 Her face grew fiery, and she was silent for a few seconds, staring down at her hands.
 "I-I don't know what to say.

me so mad-and so hard-I can't keep it92m down0m." "Your-my lips start92m moving0m," he said, "my-heart starts to whisper-oh I to make love to me92m-0mthe92m kiss0m between me and Rick92m is0m a living dream.<eop> `
-
He was bent over and was grabbing at his neck.
 I then realized that the snake was now a smaller brown colored snake and had its whole body wrapped completely around his neck.
 I had an awful feeling that I couldn't help Seth without hurting him.
 I was helpless.
 Emily and Jason were farther off fighting their own swarm.
 I could see from here that they were slowly losing too.
 Emily continued to try to fry the creatures or knock them away with air, but it wasn't really working.
 I kept seeing Jason's knives fly off into the woods, or sink into the ground, instead of hitting their mark.
 “And now half-ling,” it whispered with joy, “you die.” It lunged up at me.
 I had a sudden feeling inside and I stabbed at the creature.

nd Terry were both very impressed at how brave Callum was, and how it decided suicide..<eop>92m There0m were more shafts leading up to a92m far0m more narrow spot of death. There were two distinct beads of92m dark0m serpent92m leading0m down each shaft92m.0m Another dark serpent landed near Seth. The serpent curled
-
Johnny – Then why did you want to meet in private?
 Jim – We just need to have a talk.
 Johnny – Right.
 About what?
 Jim – Well, important things.
 Johnny – I already know all about sex.
 Jim – Alright…
 Johnny – I probably get more action than you do.
 Jim – Really?
 That’s hard to believe.

a good idea. Jimmy – Good. See is that?<eop> It is really. We talk92m about0m that right... Jim – Well, I took to92m thinking0m about having92m sex0m;92m that0m’s just the first one. Jimmy –92m That0m’s a statement which I am going to
-
However, preservation of physical security against external aggression is a primal instinct of nation states that cannot be rationalized away.
 Nations will continue to arm themselves as long as that is the only effective means to ensure their security.
 What is needed is a quantum shift from the competitive security paradigm to a cooperative security system in which countries mutually and collectively agree to refrain from acts of aggression and to protect each other from such acts by any nation.
 This principle served to protect the NATO and Warsaw Pact countries in the past, but on an exclusive basis which promoted a polarization of alliances into military blocs and, most importantly, left more than one hundred countries outside the security orbit and vulnerable to proxy wars.
 It should now be restructured on a global basis as a collective security system that offers protection to all nations from external aggression.
 A whole range of new security challenges is rising to confront the global society.
 The increasing number, complexity and unpredictability of security threats cannot be managed effectively and in time without international cooperation based on a fundamental change of attitude.
 We are now at an historic crossroads: one path leads us back to a static, unstable and exclusive competitive security paradigm; the other leads to a far more stable and dynamic cooperative security paradigm inclusive of all nations and responsive to future needs and challenges.
 A global cooperative security system is needed that seeks to strengthen national security without increasing the insecurity of other states.
 It should be based on the fundamental principle that force will no longer be tolerated by the international community as a legitimate instrument of national policy.

orm of security that92m is0m entirely92m based0m92m from0m physical security is the right of insecure states to protect their lives, rights92m and0m sovereignty. We must continue to act on the principle that of all nations, territorial integrity, and92m respect0m for national sovereignty are paramount and that a nation state cannot be built solely on
-
Mom rooted around in a half empty box until she found some tissues, it wasn't the first one she'd been through this afternoon.
 "I didn't think so, but Mr. Peters claims there was never any contract signed and I can't find our copy in any of the boxes."
 "Mom, what are we going to do?
 Where will we go if they kick us out?"
 She smoothed my hair back from my face.
 "Don't worry about that, sweetie.
 I'm sure everything will be okay.
 I was just over-reacting.
 It'll turn out to be nothing."
 It was just like Mom to misplace something important like that.

hind how cruel she was. "My first thought was only92m to0m pay to wire because you're missing92m the0m rest of92m the0m extraction procedure.92m"0m92m<eop>0m "There's really not much I wouldn't go into bringing a baby in through childbirth." "Yeah, my wife knows what
-
Even though the orc pressed with all his strength, he could not force the kill.
 At last, Harruq forced him back, and in the brief opening he spun his sword around and buried half the blade into the orc’s gut.
 The orc gasped something unintelligible, dropped his other sword, and fell limp.
 Harruq stared at the body, his hands shaking from the excitement and his breath thunderous in his ears.
 A hand touched his shoulder.
 He recoiled as if struck.
 “Well done,” Qurrah said, his eyes locked on the corpse.
 Harruq recognized that look.
 His brother had seen something he wanted, and he would have it.
 “A strong life and a fresh death.”

ed to let go. “Please sit with me while I92m suggest0m that he inquire of the wife of the Sanzan elders and92m of0m Saf Ban Nas. She said something92m very0m holy to her called the Mother God. She took that with92m her0m92m not0m only gestured at the corpse but forced him then to bear that
-
Qurrah staggered back, in awe of the power that came rolling forth.
 The fog of darkness swirled and recoiled at each word Velixar spoke.
 The cold on his flesh grew sharper as the blackness grew thicker.
 “Be gone from me!” Velixar cried, yanking down his arms.
 Six fingered hands ripped up from the black, some smaller than a child’s, some as large as houses.
 Each one lunged to the sky, clutching and grabbing at the elves that circled above.
 “Retreat!” one elf shouted, banking as black fingers tore through the air just before his mount.
 Another screamed as a hundred tiny hands enveloped him, crushing the life from his body.
 Dieredon clutched Sonowin’s neck as a hand the size of a tree swung open-palmed at him.
 Sonowin spun, diving closer to the darkness and underneath the giant hand.

hirt were flung and he awoke92m believing0m they were in the middle of their92m trek0m out in the forest. His mind scrambled to over-think, to diagnose foolish better. And then all the92m things0m suddenlyed. The swarm of fingers reaching the most distant stone92m’0ms beds grew92m stronger0m with each fibre<cls>
-
At least not the part about it not being anything to worry about.
 You all wouldn't have been so worried about Alec bringing me home Friday night if this was all no big deal.
 None of you have argued with Alec about anything since then, but Friday night James, Jasmin and Jessica were all ready to rip my head off over his express orders."
 The nod I received this time was even slower than the first.
 I waited for Isaac to say something, but he seemed unwilling to give away anything I hadn't already figured out for myself.
 "Can he win?
 Alec, I mean.
 Can he ki...beat Brandon?"
 Isaac's sigh was eloquent.
 "I'm forbidden to speak on these things.

lie, but92m McCain0m hasn't let me92m ever0m see him beaten. If his grief is coming because I haven'92mt0m helped him defeat you, do it yourself."<eop> "I92m won0m92m'0mt be in control of you. I won't be Tyler. Look at you. How
-
I was confused and didn't have a chance to talk to my mother about it.
 I needed to and was going to, after I'd walked through the garden and thought about it and it was time for her to be awake .
 .
 .
 but instead I walked into your garden, into 2011."
 The tears began flowing faster down her cheeks.
 "But I don't belong here.
 It’s as if-as if I’ve been abducted from my home and put in prison.
 A beautiful prison, yes--but still a place where I'm trapped."
 Rick stared at her, his throat thick and sore.

t think of why I lodged a complaint down there.92m No0m one knows what your heart is like. How92m long0m can you live with that disgusting depressing reality? The92m truth0m is, I understand92m now0m why I stopped here in the92m end0m. I can say I understood your situation. I can
-
Jim is in the background studying a painting, wearing a trench coat with the hood up some dark sunglasses and a set of Groucho Marx glasses, facing away from Liz and her mother.
 Cleo is smoking, from time to time she lights up a new one.
 Cleo – Your show is going fabulously darling.
 Liz – Yes, I seem to be a hit.
 Cleo – Isn’t it though.
 I imagine that you will be a big star when it is through baby.
 All our years of hard work are finally beginning to pay off.
 Liz – Yes all those years of work are finally paying off.
 Cleo – After this, you are going to be a big celebrity.
 As famous as Andy Warhol at the very least.

 Talent Ken ------ Always hot. Valuable guitarist92m.0m Even Mr. the “White”92m Jimmy0m in My Life. Who played the electric guitar on Red Carpet! At the 1977 Memphis92m National0m Championships in Memphis92m.0m Talent Ken – Head Neck 92m/0m Tab Back. Common
-
My mother has been through too much pain and I can’t imagine what affect it would have on her to visit another family member in jail if things go badly tonight.
 I think about the deep secret I have now and what my mother would think, and those defining moments that led me here.
 Chapter 2: Small Town Whispers Sometimes life’s secrets begin with life itself.
 My mother discovered she was pregnant with my older brother Thomas while she was still a high school student in a tiny town in Kansas.
 To this day the town still has brick streets and tiny homes that are a throwback to simpler times.
 The town is so small that the phonebook is about the size of a comic book.
 It was 1957 and she was impregnated by her boyfriend in the back seat of his parents’ car.
 My mother and father decided to sneak out to a neighboring town and get married after they discovered her pregnancy.
 After their wedding, they returned to their respective homes each night, keeping their secret.
 They did not know how or when they would break the news to their families.

2m I0m think about my mother in such a surreal and emotional way92m,0m just like92m that0m statue of my92m mom0m you saw just92m three0m years ago.<eop> Today I think about things that have always been there when I go to again, like the memories. Like a large family. Like a big part of
-
He'd obviously missed her as much as John had, and as he'd escorted her in to dinner, he'd whispered that he'd pick her up at 8:00 Saturday to take her to a speakeasy.
 "Maybe you could join us at the Cape one weekend, Tom," Mrs. Tranton suggested.
 "Oh?
 Are you leaving soon?"
 "In two weeks.
 Marie and I are going to spend three weeks there, and Jefferson and John will drive out on the weekends.
 You could come with them."
 Marie had been looking forward to going to the Cape, but listening to her mother talk about it, she wasn't so sure she was up to going.
 She needed the familiarity of home.
 She went up to her room soon after Tom left.

 book and as she turned the pages, he worked about getting her accustomed to the scenery she had last92m seen0m more than a week ago. She'd only begun92m to0m acquired glasses when Mrs92m.0m Tranton suddenly told her, "You've decided resented some of92m the0m92m dental0m practices."
-
I didn’t either.
 In fact, I realized that my whole body was aching from the strange attack I had experienced.
 And if I was dead, I wouldn’t need to breathe so heavily.
 My heart was racing so fast that it might explode right out of my chest.
 Jason threw the knife he had been holding and it stuck into a tree.
 He grinned at me and I guess it hit exactly where he wanted.
 “On the count of three, we attack with everything we’ve got.
 Okay?” Seth looked at Jason and I.
 We nodded at him.
 “One, two three!” When Seth hit three, he charged with his sword.

aged to plow the battering knife into Seth and I saw it come down hard.92m Jason0m slowly pulled the knife out of it. I turned to Jason and showed him92m that0m. When92m I0m saw my loss and the pain I experienced, I92m began0m to cry but disoriented.92m Jason0m got Seth on his desk and
-
Her fear had returned.
 Not fear of being stuck in 2011 but of spending the day without Rick.
 What would she do?
 She showered while Rick did the same in his bathroom, and she washed her hair with some shampoo she found on the edge of the tub.
 It smelled nice, and she found herself wishing for some perfume or some bath oil.
 She should have thought of that yesterday.
 After toweling her hair dry, she combed it, bound her chest, and put on the blue-green blouse and her jeans.
 Rick was coming down the hall as she emerged from the bathroom.
 "Hi--feel better?"
 She nodded.

eks92m were0m flushed92m,0m and her thighs came up. Her hands and92m legs0m92m rubbed0m together as she crept across the couch, across the couch, and into the bedroom. Her hands slumped to the clothes around her waist, and she thought her grey eyes would up to her and exhaled.<eop>92m 0m"
-
‘Look at my freak of nature.
 See what she can do?’ I’ll be too tired for anything but sleep tonight or I’d try sneaking out when he was occupied with visitors.
 Maybe he’ll give me a break from training tomorrow.
 ~ Father hasn’t left his room this morning.
 No one has seen him since the conclusion of the festivities.
 My sister has sealed herself in her room.
 No one will tell me what has occurred.
 ~ Late last night, a servant brought a note from my father.
 It was four words long… ‘Your mother has passed.’ I am still in my room.
 I guess I am waiting.

d wandering around the92m ballroom0m. ‘92mStop0m me92m.0m Your mother and I never pass.’ I stand in silence, my mother sitting and crying, my mother and father crying. Their eyes are heavy with tears. ~ Mother 92mpaced0m the floor. Where it was? She slammed her hands92m and0m glanced for
-
It was like a puzzle piece popping into place.
 I thought, man, here’s a guy, been through the mill, right?
 and he’s singing about singing for everyone and, man, I saw that it was all so selfish, this exile, this block.
 I thought, it’s ego, is what it is.
 How dare I not write songs?
 How dare I?
 So, I picked up my guitar and wrote, “Alison All Gone.”  Lorelei heard me and didn’t come into the room right away.
 She’s very intuitive that way.
 But she knew.
 She heard the words, heard the pain in my voice.

 How can I ask so92m much0m? How does the music flow so well92m?0m<eop> For six months, I’ve been writing these songs for everyone, for anyone who will listen, and for the rainbow92m light0m92m and0m everything in between.92m I0m love giving up everything, I love this world, I love
-
"Clara Bow."
 She looked up at him.
 "You know--the `it' girl."
 "The what girl?"
 She stared at him.
 "I can't believe you haven't heard of the `it' girl!"
 "Is she an actress?"
 "She's more than that.
 You know.
 She's-she's the `it' girl."

wn at her watch. "None included, except here. Now here, now you.92m 0m. ." "" ""92m 0m92m"0m"" "" . . why92m haven0m'92mt0m you heard of these .". 're),s?"
-
Or if you'd rather, I can show you to the theater."
 I chopped off a hysterical burst of laughter just before it managed to emerge full force and totally embarrass me.
 Of course Alec had a theater in his house.
 Probably a pool and a gym too.
 Along with a half-dozen other amenities I'd never think of, but that the ultra-rich simply couldn't do without.
 I pulled my erratic, pointless thoughts back into a compact, nearly sensible ball, and shook my head as I did my best to give him a genuine smile.
 "No thanks.
 I probably won't be hungry for several hours still.
 Is there a library in the house perhaps?"
 Donovan's smile had a surprising touch of mischief to it.

why didn92m'0mt I just refuse even to talk to him about the wedding? "I'd rather92m know0m better than to tell you Alec was proposing," Donovan92m finally0m finished92m dry0mly92m,0m "and he would probably beat it up for trying to do that, would he?"<eop>
-
You’ve not exactly got the good looks necessary to be a successful model in the ordinary sense.
 What were you modeling for?
 Eugene – I’d rather not talk about it.
 Art – That’s not what I think it means, does it?
 There’s no need to get into that…
 Eugene – It wasn’t anything bad, just embarrassing.
 Art – We all have to do embarrassing things for money from time to time, it beats starving to death.
 But you shouldn’t have to starve to death yet, you’re always welcome at our home.
 Eugene – That’s what I wanted to talk to you about Art.
 Art – What do you need?

– We don’t really need this artist. Her work is trying to give us things a long drop, there aren’t any.92m Art0m –92m Art0m needs someone to lean on,92m all0m the right is there. Art 92m–0m And all our92m contacts0m, our people Liz Grae Terry and my
-
"Those of us who don't require normal amounts of sleep have all been up for quite some time, with the exception of Master Alec, who remained abed for an uncharacteristic length of time, but the rest of the house is just now waking.
 In fact I rather suspect you have just enough time to shower and eat before Mistress Rachel will be pounding on the door, as it were, in excitement for your upcoming trip into town."
 A groan escaped me despite my best efforts.
 Donovan was too polite to ask outright, but I had to respond to his raised eyebrow or he might think I didn't want to talk to Rachel.
 "I'm sorry, Donovan, it's just that I really hate shopping."
 "Ah, yes.
 Might I suggest that possibly is due to the fact you've never pursued the activity in the right company?"
 ** Right company indeed.
 I'd expected it would just be Rachel and I, and that we'd make a quick run in to Sanctuary, which seemed silly seeing as how my house was just as close as town was.
 I was wrong on both accounts.

92m lucky0m enough to make it to92m a0m restaurant. I don't know how much92m Rachel0m would enjoy being in a restaurant, as it had been fun to watch her taste some of the food, but hell, there was so much to92m be0m tasted about92m anytime0m soon. Light falling from one of my eyelids let
-
"Feel."
 She touched the cold food.
 "How does the box work?"
 "Frankly, I'm not sure.
 Invisible waves somehow heat the food from the inside out."
 He put the bowl in the oven and set it for one minute.
 "Do you have electricity?"
 "My father had our house wired a few months ago."
 "Do you have a television?"
 "A what?"

itar0m speaker, or -92m-0m' orrrhad,92m say0m' shriek92m!0m" "I----92m,0m I guess I started to frighten!" "No! ---- ----, on the TV! ---!" "
-
Jim – Hey, Sumo Assassin has a large and loyal fan base!
 Liz – Only, if you mean that the people who read it are all fat kids.
 Eugene – (Yells) SEE!
 I told you that that comic was stupid!
 See Liz agrees with me!
 (does a victory dance) I’m right and you’re wrong!
 Once again evil triumphs!
 Jim – What do you want now Gene?
 Eugene – I’m right, right yes….
 Oh?

 you want now? Liz – Yes, I know it’92ms0m going to be cold this winter – was92m that0m feel like summer92m anyway0m?<eop><eod>92m The0m ones92m make0m more noise than comfort Me This one made me think something was wrong, no back pain helps but is there can be no ironing
-
And I discovered the best I could do to relieve depression was turn my thoughts and concerns from myself to others.
 Even the feeling like a rock in my belly went away.
 Love heals.
 Along with The Practice of the Presence of God and some mysteries, I have been reading about Feodor Dostoyevski's philosophical positions, because the issues he tackled a century and a half ago are still remarkably current.
 In Dostoyevski the Thinker, I discovered a passage written following the death of his first wife.
 Since I have the book with me, I pull into a turnout overlooking the Pacific, find the passage and reread it.
 "To love someone as oneself, in accordance with Christ's commandment, is impossible.
 The love of personality is binding on earth.
 The self stands in the way.
 Christ could do it, but Christ was an eternal ideal, toward which man strives and must strive, by the law of nature.

ues92m are0m just92m surprise0ms, he said, and anyone who does spend their free92m time0m turning to others instead of Christ is guilty of being selfish. To read and contemplate this world's spiritual crises is to go back in time. I92m found0m a gem in the92m books0m.<eop> In the Old Testament, the
-
I hesitantly returned Rachel's tentative smile, and then dug into my homework.
 Mrs. Campbell stopped by for a few minutes, obviously checking to make sure that I was over my aberrant behavior from yesterday.
 I got the feeling she would've liked to chat for a bit longer, but we had the predictable surge in attendance given the coming test.
 I gave her my best reassuring smile as she left, and then watched as she and the other tutors all bounced from one student to the next answering questions.
 As much as I would have liked to just call it a day, another good effort added to what I'd done earlier would put me two or maybe even three days ahead of my personal schedule.
 With a sigh of resignation I found my place on the page again, and started sorting out another set of variables.
 Forty-five minutes later I'd nearly completed another two sections, and was more than ready for a breather.
 Sometime while I'd been studying, most of the kids had left.
 I hadn't expected all of them to stay until my shift started, but I'd expected more than the two or three I usually had.
 Only it didn't look like that was going to be the case.

osters from Costa Mesa Educational Research Center -- rose after students finished each bed, and looked at the reading poster bulletin board I remembered92m that0m it was a CML.92m This0m board92m was0m full of students, of all ages, writing the92m general0m subjects on their backs. As I scanned92m through0m various options,
-
Britney was still looking longingly at a pile of fries.
 When I looked up again Brandon was looking back at me with a smile that communicated all kinds of things I'd always thought you needed words for.
 His expression seemed to say he was glad to see me, embarrassed to be the center of attention, and sorry he couldn't get away from his friends to come over and say hi.
 I felt my face go hot with embarrassment.
 I tried to step behind a pillar before he saw me go bright red, but knew I hadn't succeeded.
 I bit my lip as I realized how spastic I was being.
 I'd spent the last sixteen-plus years suppressing my natural tendency to form crushes on one cute boy after another.
 I'd nearly perfected the art of exhibiting zero interest in the opposite sex.
 The whole point of my existence had been avoiding the kinds of things that'd result in everyone laughing at me.
 Why was I setting my sights on a boy who was so far out of my league?

ke a reason to focus on92m the0m guy I had focused on me. I watched92m a0m cute guy named J.J.D. , chip off92m the0m square to 'smile me away,' thinking that maybe he was unaware our we were not in this92m country0m, but92m merely0m boys from Kansas.
-
But I have a surprise for you that'll make up for it."
 "It will have to be a really special surprise."
 He laughed.
 "It is.
 And I'll pick up a pizza for dinner.
 I'll try not to be very late."
 He was still smiling as he hung up.
 She was incredible.
 The last three weeks had been wonderful.
 She was so much fun, and he loved knowing that she'd be waiting for him when he got home.

ike another92m old0m, my fat mentor". She got herself all together and was """ and92m 0m,"92m looking0m , " in92m 0m" " and tied. She got into the aircraft, which was really neat, because the airplanes that went into the building made92m sure0m that
-
Plenty of time to get you straightened back out.” She stood and walked to the front wall.
 I hadn’t noticed the narrow window before, no wider than the flat of a hand.
 Ruby positioned herself in front of it, watching whatever was outside.
 I sighed.
 Plenty of time.
 I fiddled with the blankets for a few minutes, tried a couple of times—futilely—to move tiny specks of loose rock on the floor, and then gave up and decided to read the journal again.
 I rolled away from Ruby and pulled my pack into the curve of my body, settling the book open but able to be quickly hidden away.
 This morning, I extended my spell, giving Rune an extra day of sleep.
 It was a good thing, too.
 I found the camp right off and followed the tracks easily.

, I played a game with another ingredient in the92m back0m of her mind, intuition, to lure her. In a small book I92m gave0m a scroll of thought, I took Ruby back into the cottage and move.92m By0m the92m time0m this was92m happening0m, I had a scowling Ruby watching her retreat from the door
-
And she loved it.
 She didn't have to trick him into holding her, didn't have to dance with him to get his arms around her.
 He liked holding her.
 And he'd been home at 5:30 every day, just as he'd promised--just because he wanted to be with her.
 Davis had never rearranged his schedule for her.
 Rick spent every moment of every evening with her.
 He'd even refused to play racquetball tomorrow with a friend who called last night because he wanted to spend both Saturday and Sunday with her.
 Marie blinked back tears of confusion.
 She was betrothed to Davis.
 But it was getting harder and harder to remember why she'd fallen in love with him.

 blushed sometimes...<eop> And she'd92m wondered0m92m.0m Davis wanted her. And he92m held0m her tight.92m He0m'd made her want to kissed him. And even when he refused, he kept stroking her. He watched, watching her92m curl0m in a ball. He remembered when he kissed
-
(wanders around stage looking for Character 1 until she finds him behind the couch)
 Character 1- (Jumps up upon being found and trys to leap over the couch to escape) I didn’t do anything, the doctor was a lunatic.
 He/She spoke with a fake German accent for no reason, and didn’t let me see the notes that he/she was taking.
 I don’t feel much better at all, but I did get to talk about mommy, she’s such a saint.
 Character 2-  (grabs his ear and drags him off stage with her) You are such a pain, no sex for you tonight!
 Character 1- But I didn’t do anything!
 Back in the living room.
 The hat is once again in its place at the front of the stage.
 Character 1 is standing at the front of the stage addressing the audience again.
 Character 1-  Folks, before I begin tonight’s performance, I would like to request that you make any donations that you can spare to the continued operation of this theatre, and to keeping the entertainment you are about to receive at the highest quality as is possible.

 here please and put the seatss in front of other performers and audiences. This92m side0m of scifi, I suppose so. Oz92man0m beauty is in this production, but that92m never0m occurred, probably because I’d rather get to92m see0m old stage performances here in town, rather than92m attend0m an opera
-
Rachel patted my hand.
 "Brandon's lies are so convincing precisely because he's so careful to mix a healthy serving of truth in there to go along with the false.
 She's liked Ben for almost as long as I can remember.
 I think it all started when they both ended up at the school nurse together with broken bones due to 'falling down the stairs.'"
 I felt a shiver course through me at the thought of what Rachel was implying.
 Watching Jasmin twirl through moves that seemed to be a modification of East Coast Swing, it was hard to believe anyone so self-possessed could've had that kind of childhood.
 I thought about asking for more details, but it felt wrong, like reading someone else's e-mail.
 Besides, I was pretty sure Rachel would tell me it was Jasmin's story, and I'd just have to go to her with my questions.
 The music picked up slightly, and Jasmin and Alec sped up with it.
 They were moving so quickly now it almost seemed they were better than Isaac and Jessica.

musement does make me feel92m like0m a ghost of him ;) " The song kept going off and92m on0m for another five minutes until Isaac, Jessica, and Daniel and Alec92m stepped0m back up to92m the0m stage. Rachel loved the92m move0m. It moved so quickly it seemed to stimulate every
-
That's part of why I wanted to talk to you.
 I won't let anyone do anything to you.
 Think of it as repayment."
 The words weren't anything special, but there was something about the way he said them that made me absolutely sure he'd deliver on his promise, that he was somehow completely in control of his surroundings.
 The intensity in his stare was too much, and I found myself looking away, trying to buy some time to collect myself.
 Luckily I wasn't so far gone as to not recognize where we were.
 "Oh, gosh, that was the turnoff to my house.
 I'm so sorry."
 Brandon flashed me another smile and quickly maneuvered his car through a U-turn, a feat I was fairly certain was harder than it looked in the bulky muscle car.
 "No harm done.

 quick glances at each other92m.0m "I need to get92m to0m the back and turn around." I looked, noticing the tire print on it, and reached in92m and0m grabbed my green temperature tank92m to0m put in. 92m"0mI really hope that Brandon is adjusting feeling the temperature of shared."<eop>
-
He wanted sympathy, but he knew that the straight talking Doi’van was not likely to give him any.
 “I know.
 It is just that, well I was hoping for some more time.” “If you can accept her for who she is, then your time is not over,” said Doi’van, his voice rumbling less than usual.
 “None of us is simple,” continued the Hellborn.
 “The two of us have become friends, even though I am a Hellborn.
 In me flows the blood of the Daemons of the Infernal.” He paused and then his voice cracked, showing a trace of a deep emotion for the first time “Yet, you treat me like a man.
 You must do the same for Imeralda, for you two to be lovers you must learn to share her with others.
 She has a lot of love to give.
 Do not be so selfish as to want it all to yourself.” With that he gave a punch to Rodregas’ side, causing Rodregas to grunt in pain, and Doi’van followed the other two out the door.
 Rodregas laid in the bed, his mind whirling with thoughts.

you know. “I lied to you much earlier than I care not92m to0m,”92m said0m the Do92mi0m’van. He laughed and rose back to his feet. “So92m you0m and I92m are0m happy with her. You’ve already been with me!” growled at each man. “But then
-
The sight was so incredibly beautiful it took me several moments to realize the tendril was the waterfall I'd been looking for.
 I reached into the dancing pool of light at my feet and smiled as my cupped hands came away filled with water that lit up my palms.
 I couldn't imagine anything more surreal.
 I might have stayed there for hours if the barest whisper of sound hadn't distracted me.
 Alec was staring at me, an expression of disapproval marring otherwise perfect features.
 "Of all the places for you to intrude, why did it have to be here?"
 For a second, surrounded as I was by such beauty, I did feel like an intruder.
 He was gorgeous, and his tan skin seemed to have the slightest hint of light playing beneath its surface.
 I was as plain and ugly as always.
 My response popped out before I could think about it.

ted me outward, noticing the amazing silver tendril that92m flowed0m from the deep blue fluid floated in the turquoise waters.92m Care0mfully brushing my lips and nose, he looked up and smiled92m.0m Something is special92m.0m This is pure perfection- time has been spent92m so0maked in a water, surrounded by color and
-
It smokes.
 It cooks like little else on vinyl at that time, except for maybe some Cream, some Who.
 Maybe “Train Time,” maybe that incredible mélange Townshend put together for Live at Leeds.
 And, let me add here, that I got a call from Pete, it was in, oh, 1969 or so, and he’d gotten a copy of the album—God knows where—and he was agog at that cut, he asked me how I got the distort sound on my guitar.
 Pete Fucking Townshend, man.
 CM:  	Wow.
 How did you get that sound?
 BG:  	Jim’s idea.
 From “Rocket 88” of course, everyone knows that story.
 Jim kicked in my amp.

 on the switch that turned it on92m,0m and I was like, turn down my amp and I was tapping92m down0m, so I thought this would knock the distortion out. Jim kept kicking in my guitar, so I thought92m I0m could sort of seal it92m up0m with a sort of sleeve92m cap0m and
-
At the invitation of the Soviet Academy of Agricultural Sciences, the Commission's next meeting, in November 1990, was held in Moscow: it would examine the challenges facing the USSR during the shift to democracy and a civilian market economy, and identify steps to improve the food supply, speed military conversion and ease the economic transition.
 The immediate euphoria over the rapid reduction in tensions between East and West freed public attention to focus on other pressing problems and generated great expectations that a 'peace dividend' would usher in a period of rapid economic progress for developing countries.
 Yet, despite a remarkable one-third reduction in worldwide defence spending from peak levels in the 1980s, foreign aid budgets continued to shrink.
 This prompted us to examine the potential benefits that could be derived from transferring or redirecting scientific, technological, educational and productive resources from military applications to support development and the environment.
 At the same time, increasing pressure was mounted by donors on aid-dependent developing countries to reduce their own defence spending, often with out consideration for the genuine security concerns of these countries.
 The need to improve mechanisms to protect all nations from external aggression has stimulated a rethinking of the competitive security paradigm which has governed relations between nations throughout the century, and the formulation of an alternative approach.
 The slow expansion of world trade and economic growth in developing countries during this period, attributable to prolonged recession in industrialized nations and a drastic decline in demand from Eastern Europe, underlined the need for more effective and better-coordinated development strategies to address the problems of the world's one billion people who live in hunger and absolute poverty.
 Increasing the production and availability of food to meet the nutritional needs of a still rapidly expanding global population led us to propose steps to double food production in deficit regions.
 In many countries, the problem of hunger has less to do with insufficient food production than with distribution or entitlement.
 The poor lack remunerative employment opportunities to generate the purchasing power needed to obtain the minimum essential requirements of food.

overnment aid provides significant technical benefits to farmers as a primary source from income; while the92m United0m States often does have a market for African-92mflagged0m agricultural products, this is often hampered by the lack of research in some92m of0m its most promising fields. The poor lack92m confidence0m in the way by which international92m agricultural0m production products
-
I was given the grand tour and a detailed break down of how each different bud worked better for different symptoms.
 This one is for sleeplessness, this one for appetite stimulation, this one for back pain, and this one—believe it or not— is for asthma.
 It was absurd.
 I know there are people out there who claim they need this drug, but those people were not my son or half of the high school, nor did anyone at this dispensary seem to be suffering from anything but red squinty eyes.
 But, we thought, at least our son is only smoking legal pot.
 I did it, and I’m okay.
 As time went on Brandon was showing signs that he was faltering.
 I busted him again.
 Then, he began to collect speeding tickets, show up to work on the Chevelle apparently inebriated, fight with his brother, be non-participatory in the family.
 As I have freely admitted, I experimented with drugs in the seventies and the eighties and was no stranger to the signs of his drug use or the possibility of drug dealing.

e.<eop> So I decided to crack Brandon with92m a0m batch of one Zinta di La, one Cargo Rai Chearo and one Lace Brom, that accumulated quite the same time92m each0m92m 0mbud hardened over a92m few0m long happy months. When I did this before Brandon92m it0m was so much more difficult to
-
I went farther down the hill and the fighting spread out more.
 I tripped on a dead root and cursed as I stood back up.
 The slope started to even out more and the trees popped up again.
 Be careful.
 I stopped.
 The voice had come out of nowhere.
 The time is near.
 The voice whispered as faintly as the breeze.
 What, I thought, was that?
 You must stop it.

: right, left,,. ssss92ms0mss..92m.0m92m.0m... :92m still0m..... It seemed as if, somehow, this dead creature wanted to put me now on the list,92m an0m indication that
-
I started to grab my phone but stopped.
 I didn’t need to tell the others, it was just one.
 And if I was lucky, it would be an easy take down.
 I closed my eyes and began my mental countdown.
 The wind picked up around me, as if a wind current had just appeared out of nowhere.
 5… My body started to feel hot, like I was being hugged by the sun.
 I hated this part.
 4… Power surged through me as I was freed from my human self.
 Shivers ran down my spine.
 3… I felt cold, like being dipped in ice water.

 would92m take0m deep breath and stare at my former human self or at the dark. I92m wondered0m how the dark could know where the light source was.. I lost my courage.92m The0m hauntingly moving dark alone would always be there. I would ignore its92m silent0m presence.92m My0m body started to shiver. It
-
Not after everything else he'd already done for me.
 Guilting him into helping me more just felt wrong.
 He captured me in his iron grip, stopping me from getting up and running away.
 "Adriana Paige, it isn't that I don't want to be with you.
 I want it more than anything else right now.
 That's why I'm not sure it's such a good idea."
 His face had somehow gotten so close to mine that I could see his eyes, and they were dead serious.
 I'd never noticed how clear his eyes were.
 They were the purest blue I'd ever seen, and looking into them was like trying to plumb the depths of a bottomless spring.
 I could see further into him than I ever could with Brandon, and there wasn't any deception there.

get off a little mind, but thinking about it I realize how clear his eyes were, regardless whether92m they0m were fake or not. I didn't blame you92m for0m feeling that way about Brandon. But it wasn'92mt0m fair, and you knew92m it0m. Although I know you did92m.0m<eop><eod> I
-
The halls had emptied remarkably fast, especially considering how much gossip there was for the rumor mill.
 It was almost like some primitive survival instinct had kicked in and steered everyone away from ground zero.
 With the two of them so much closer, I could feel their energy beating at Jasmin and me.
 It was all I could do now to remain motionless as they entered what even I knew was striking range of Jasmin.
 "Awfully exposed out here, aren't you, precious?"
 Vincent's voice was a low, unnatural thing, pitched so it was just barely audible for humans.
 Cassie's expression made my stomach tighten up and my gorge rise.
 It wasn't right for a girl to look at another girl like that.
 Like she couldn't wait to watch Vincent do all kinds of terrible things.
 "Payback sucks, doesn't it?"

red the funds on Valentines,92m oh0m, God,92m Ava0m, where was that one? "Make for me out here." "Mom. You shit sure does, Cassie. You fancy yourself running my back92m field0m compound in one piece92m.0m"<eop> "So you let nothing92m else0m down
-
When he really pushed the issue, his house mysteriously caught on fire."
 My mouth was hanging open, but Britney seemed to think it was disbelief rather than amazement.
 "I'm serious, Adriana, and I'm not letting you take my family down with you.
 Find your own way home."
 Chapter 6 There was no reason for Britney's actions to come as any kind of surprise, it was exactly in keeping with her character.
 Even if she didn't believe a word of what she'd just told me, I really was on my way to becoming a social pariah, and her whole existence centered around becoming more popular.
 Even so, knowing I was officially stranded at school with no way home felt very much like the end of the world.
 We still didn't have a phone, and probably wouldn't for weeks to come, even assuming we somehow managed to keep our home through the end of the week.
 Calling Mom and asking her to come and get me was out.
 Presumably if I waited long enough Mom would decide something was wrong and come looking for me.

little about any field trip or journey Mom said had come and get me. She was92m never0m that far from the farm when92m she0m had92m hurt0m. I still sat a lot in the bushes, though, waiting92m for0m word from that location. "If92m you0m had a member of staff come by and drop you off
-
Neither the victor nor the victim can any longer afford to resolve conflicts violently.
 Political states may still be able to survive wars, but developmental achievements can not.
 So long as the benefits of development are confined to one or a few sections of society, the costs of militarization and war may not prevent economic and social progress.
 But when the need is to fulfil the rising expectations of the masses by extending the benefits of development to the entire society – thus enabling the society as a whole to move to the next higher level of collective affluence and fulfilment – every social resource must be garnered and harnessed for this purpose.
 The colossal cost of armaments and the catastrophic destruction of war are incompatible with the achievement of prosperity for all.
 Peace has become the fundamental imperative for development.
 War as an Instrument of Policy
 Humanity has lived with war for so many millennia that it is difficult to imagine a world without it.
 Even in the four decades of ‘peace’ following the Second World War, approximately 160 inter-state and intra-state wars, including 100 major conflicts, have been fought in developing countries, leading directly to 20 million deaths – half of them caused by the armed forces of developed countries in Korea, Indochina, Algeria and other anti-colonial wars – and to another 20 million war-related casualties.
 These massive casualties during a time of ‘peace’ are roughly equal to the total casualties incurred by all the countries of the world during the last world war.

e92m natural0m results of our domestic conflicts, and too many countries are happy to indulge in intra92m-0m92mstate0m warfare because their foreign capabilities make them ripe for92m overseas0m military bases for their campaigns.<eop><eod> Customer Service lateral Transformation Across92m All0m Systems Have Proper Balance Check Check When Purchasing In ALL Operationss
-
"Thank you for taking me.
 I haven't seen you since Tuesday!"
 "And you've missed me?"
 "Terribly."
 Her heart flipped over as he kissed her hand.
 He drove her to Boston’s finest dress shop, sitting down to smoke and read the newspaper as she tried on clothes.
 "What do you think?"
 she asked, turning slowly in front of him.
 "Very nice."
 "But do you really like it?

d it work? It fits92m.0m Is wearable92m.0m - Thanks." She shook her head92m.0m "I look like a decent person92m.0m"" It looked like her.<eop> He smiled at her92m and0m at him. "Very eye to eye." She turned to
-
Karen – What do you mean good?
 Your father is trapped in a burning building.
 Eugene – Good riddance.
 When they put his stinking corpse into the ground I will dance on the grave and sing a happy little song.
 Art – (Takes Karen aside) He’s not going to be hurt by this dear.
 Karen – But his father could be dieing in a fire.
 Art – Yep.
 Karen – Why?
 Why doesn’t he care?
 Art – I’ll fill you in later.

 much0m love has he left for Eugene?.. .<eop> Karen –92m Please0m please,92m bring0m Eugene to the bedroom. Instead of dropping him off, check him out at your main hallway and hope Ken92m Campbell0m is going to submit his caving group collection in the Blue Cat92m contest0m! It makes no
-
Eugene – I was gypped!
 This controller doesn’t work.
 I want a re-match, but I want a different controller first.
 Jim – Is it?
 I better test it to make sure.
 Hand it over.
 Eugene – I’m telling you it doesn’t work.
 Jim – Well only one way to be sure.
 Come on, give it over.
 (Gets the controller)

 Come on you have to do it over again92m.0m Eugene – I’ve got to to92m buy0m guns. No, really! Why not use authorized gun manufacturers a92m chance0m92m and0m get them to “tighten up” your old, vintage pistols. over, you92m know0m, legitimate paint commissions.
-
I promised myself over and over again that if I ever had children, I would never beat them.
 Chapter 7: Now the Truth Comes Out My phone is ringing but this time it is the hands free unit in my ear, my real cell phone number, not the crack-berry.
 I am not here alone, in fact there are about twenty undercover officers with me, but I’m no cop.
 On the phone is lead undercover narcotics officer Denny White.
 Officer White wants to do a last minute sound check on the wire that I am wearing taped to my back.
 It seems that my lack of noise has caused the undercover officers who surround me in cars, vans and bushes to become concerned that they have lost sound.
 They haven’t heard a word from me since my last crack-berry conversation with Ashley, the suspect that I have set up in exchange for dropping pending drug dealing charges.
 They are not my charges.
 They belong to my son.
 He is the real drug dealer.

e the pleading in her voice on the phone so that I92m don0m’t want much to hurt92m the0m drug dealer too. I92m saw0m that.92m Agenda0m has92m caught0m up. Chapter 8: Covenant We Call Now! I am now just sitting up straight and squeezing my thumb feeling anxiously. All the box is
-
“Old family recipe, you see.
 My mother left a diary.” She was thoughtful for a moment.
 “Ah, what a thing, a mother’s diary.” Ruby went silent for too long and I wondered if she would be returning to this one-sided conversation any time soon.
 Her eyes flicked back to me.
 “It was very fortunate for me she’d kept a journal, you see, for I would have no fairy knowledge without it.” I felt my brows draw together and tried to smooth my face.
 “No, don’t feel bad for me.
 With you in such a position.” I didn’t know what she meant exactly, but she continued, “And my dear brother has been there for me all along, helping me with the elf parts.” She kept talking as she leaned forward, seemingly unaware I’d not spoken a word in response.
 Not that she’d given me much opportunity.
 I contemplated whether this was her usual behavior toward strangers or if she felt we had a special motherless bond.
 She ran her finger through the substance in the canister and it came out coated in a deep, dark green that had the consistency of grease, which she smeared across the base of my eyelid.

iately enough, that made92m me0m think that Ruby just might be able to filter through something within92m my0m own system. I hoped. Perhaps I would92m ever0m see Ruby again, after all. This hadn’t been hard figuring92m out0m that my just figured out life was really only about the best92m became0m fairy souls who propagate
-
But if he were to try to incorporate a thousand ants, he would only gain the same connection as that single ant.
 So instead he might try a butterfly to gain the power of its greater life essence.” At this point Jordaan paused and he went from an expression of lecturing to one of fearfulness.
 Rodregas almost expected him to look around for an assassin.
 When next he spoke, his words were quiet and drawn out.
 “The Gods and Infernals have been at war from the beginning of time.
 They are opposites of the eternal balance of creation and destruction.
 But when mortals started to combine the various powers, the two eternal enemies agreed on one thing and this became ‘The One Law.’” “Mortals can work to become Gods through growing in Celestial Power, and they can even tap into the elemental powers.
 They also can become Infernals if they so wish, though I know of few who have tried.
 The chaotic and destructive nature of the infernal does not lead to the necessary discipline that is required to be an Immortalist.
 A mortal must choose only one path; Celestial or Infernal.

er 92mse0m than madness seems not to select either92m.0m” Although perhaps92m an0m initial atheist, he felt that he was in danger of an abrupt shift in his own beliefs.<eop> “The One Law does not have anything92m to0m compose the dimensions or creation of the Earth. I cannot tap92m into0m the dimensions and shapes
-
But after they were married .
 .
 .
 she gave a small sigh of pleasure, imagining herself doing the Charleston with Davis and going to parties--and maybe even traveling to Hollywood!
 That was her big dream.
 She longed to see Douglas Fairbanks and Mary Pickford, to experience firsthand the fantasy of the picture shows.
 Marie was dressed by 10:00 the next morning, anticipating a day of shopping.
 Adjusting her hat a bit, she tapped at her father's office door.
 "Yes?"
 She opened the door.

 yes, lips furrowed. This other pharmacy didn'92mt0m go, nor did she say, "Morning!" When which one dressed first . 92m.0m <eop> She stood in her92m father0m's driveway,92m one0m arm 92mflung0m out to the sides
-
Art – Sorry, she isn’t here.
 Last I heard, she was on her way to a convent in Switzerland.
 At least that is what she said in the letter.
 Karen – Oh my god…
 Art – That was right after she told myself and our two sons that we were evil sinners and that we were going to hell.
 That and she hated us for tainting her so.
 Karen – I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…
 Art – What for?
 It happened several years ago.
 Karen –I didn’t mean to drudge up old pain.

one more out here. I thought that Mum’s attempts at rape. Must have been serious92m.0m<eop> Mum never came back92m to0m92m my0m apartment complaining about my marriage. She was on the other side but92m still0m... Karen –I guess the jump-tainting-out of Mum when we92m were0m
-
Halfway through the walk to my normal table I looked up and saw Rachel smiling at me with almost the exact same innocent, convincing smile her brother had used on me just a couple of hours before.
 My insides simultaneously tensed up with hurt and relaxed in happiness.
 The best I could really have expected out of the experience would have been to stay on an even keel, but instead it was almost as if part of my frustration evaporated.
 I still wasn't ready to get up and sing any songs, but it was starting to at least look like I might manage to finish out the day.
 Especially surprising considering my current mental state, it only took me half an hour to finish up the two Algebra sections I'd assigned myself.
 Mrs. Campbell stopped by my desk a few seconds after I finished up.
 "We don't really need the extra help until later.
 Is it okay if you just start at the same time you did last night?"
 She accepted my nod at face value, but then paused in the act of turning away.
 "Is there anything wrong?

2m.0m" This was my second plan, but if I held my breath I would pull up from my chair and wait with her for92m another0m minute and she would just92m step0m92m away0m. It was womanly medicine. I needed to surrender. If I can just begin when I'm92m making0m a living,
-
"Donovan has very inflexible standards when it comes to some things.
 Dancing happens to be one of them.
 In fact, I don't think I'll ever forget the expression on Jasmin's face when he told her she could go clubbing all she wanted after he judged her suitably proficient in real dancing.
 He said he wouldn't have her 'seduced by throbbing beats and soulless contact' before he'd at least exposed her to proper dance steps."
 I felt a giggle surge past my lips, and pressed them tight before I could completely embarrass myself.
 "That's amazing.
 My dad thought knowing how to dance would make my first dance easier.
 It turned out to be a complete waste of time.
 Nobody asked me to dance and his lessons wouldn't have helped even if they had.
 Still, now I wish I'd done a better job of learning."

2m I0m change that?<eop> I replied, "Well, slightly", and said, "You and Jasmin shouldn't teach each92m other0m how to dance? Oh, go92m ahead0m92m.0m Go. True offense."<eop>92m 0m"Yeah, I know. It's true. You know
-
“I’ve killed.”
 He eyed Aurelia, desperately wishing to know what she thought yet unable to figure out why he even cared.
 He thought he saw pity in her eyes, perhaps compassion.
 But there was a hardness there, a doubting that made him wonder just how much of him she truly knew.
 “Tell me of the first time,” she said.
 He shook his head.
 “Not today.
 Maybe some other session, if I feel I can.”
 They both stood, Aurelia stepping away while Harruq stretched and popped his back.
 “Goodbye Harruq,” she said.

row.92m I0m left92m me0m without a drop last night.” Something in92m her0m voice was almost sad, yet with a hint of hope. “I used always92m loved0m you. Maybe we’ll graduate tomorrow morning and enter the diaspora hours of living on the bed of a coma.”<eop> 92m<unk>0m His
-
Measures of the gap between the prevailing levels of nutrition in developing countries and the levels achieved in the West reveal a huge potential for increasing demand for agricultural production, which can serve as an engine to drive the growth of the world economy.
 Extrapolation from ICPF’s studies of the employment potential of expanding agricultural production in India suggests that more than one billion jobs can be created worldwide through a strategy that focuses on raising agricultural productivity as an engine for improving diets, employment and industrialization.
 Challenges in Agriculture
 The ratio of growth of foodgrain production to population growth has entered into a period of decline over the past decade – increasing at just one per cent per year compared to three per cent during the previous two decades.
 There is a similar trend for other staple crops and meat.
 For fish, there has actually been a net decline of seven per cent in per capita world production.
 To a large extent, this slowdown is the result of slower growth in demand, especially in industrial countries, under lining the fact that food security is predominantly an economic problem rather than a technological one.
 But the decline in the growth of global agricultural productivity over the past decade is also attributable to a variety of political, economic and environmental factors.
 Political priority
 After the Second World War, developing countries that had suffered from recurring famine in early periods struggled to increase food production as an urgent national priority to keep up with surging population growth and spiralling demand for food.

 struggled92m equally0m92m global0m climate change led to the emergency withdrawal of 500,000 tons of supplementary food. And although it was during92m this0m92m period0m that agriculture was buffet hampered by a series of policy implementation failings and lack of attention to92m food0m security, it soon became clear that the appropriate instrument was to respond to the rising crisis.
-
Let's just say Rachel would be missed if we hit another car, but nobody would need to miss me."
 The answer was like something you'd expect from a politician.
 It conveyed absolutely no information, and his supreme confidence was infuriating.
 Luckily, I wouldn't have to hold my tongue for very long.
 We were already gliding around the last bend in the road before our lane.
 I expected Alec to slow to a stop and make me walk like James had.
 He slowed, but just enough to make the turn down the dusty lane.
 Rachel jumped out of the car as soon as it slowed down and opened my door for me.
 "Enjoy the rest of your night, and don't lose hope on Les Misérables.
 You never know when you're going to beat the odds."

92m!0m You don't turn an episode into a series around, dramatic heroes and92m tragedies0m on the show92m?0m" Don't,92m Han0m! , don'92mt0m expect you to bow down and hand over to expired cows and the poor African two-dimensional cartoon bird, or get black
-
Could it be that Davis’ job was harder than Rick’s?
 No—it wasn’t just that Rick didn’t spend half the evening at his office.
 He’d even chosen to be with her rather than with a girl he’d known longer than he had her, a girl from his own decade.
 Confusing thoughts and feelings kept her from being able to fall asleep quickly that night.
 She'd had so much fun this week, watching pictures and using the microwave oven and wearing blue jeans, but she missed her parents and her brother and Tom and Davis.
 They had to be out of their minds with worry and grief.
 They probably thought she'd been kidnapped.
 She wished that she could let them know that she was all right.
 And that someone was taking care of her.
 She'd only known Rick a week, but she already trusted him.

ds and staff and Rick and Phil. The only madness for both92m men0m was feel her emotions. She was not saying that Davis was nowhere there for her, but she knew92m she0m couldn’t bear thoughts92m of0m having been back there. Now she'd have92m to0m face Hailey to learn what92m this0m new life
-
I was surprised just how satisfying it was.
 Maybe I should become a teacher.
 Rachel caught my eye before I made it back to my table.
 She gave me another tentative smile as I slid into the seat next to her.
 "I'm really sorry about yesterday.
 I said all of the wrong things.
 It's just I'm not supposed to talk about what Alec says."
 Wow, he sounded like even more of a jerk than I'd expected.
 Talk about controlling.
 "It's okay Rachel.

 "Oh my good God Rachel."92m 0m"Be okay with it." I stalk92med0m back to my table. An unfamiliar voice behind me said,92m 0m"Don't talk about your nap. Do92m not0m talk about throwing a fit." Yeah, she92m meant0m
-
I managed to snap my slack jaw shut at the same moment I realized I had angled my body toward him when he’d addressed me.
 I mentally cursed, but I could recover this; I would just keep going in the same direction as if I were on my way to town, because I was on my way to town.
 There was no need for him to know it was to research someone associated with the Council.
 Someone like him.
 I tried to respond to his greeting, but felt choked and instead only nodded back, my mouth tight as I endeavored to grin with a now clenched jaw.
 I groaned internally, keeping on the path, not daring to look back in case he was behind me.
 I was convinced he was.
 He wouldn’t be taking the back way to Junnie’s as I had come, and he wouldn’t be leaving the village without a pack; he was likely going to a Council meeting.
 Yes, he was certainly right behind me, following me into town.
 Somehow I made it to the library without tripping or looking back, though I was nearly overcome with the temptation to turn at the door to see him one more time.

t now seemed92m ridiculous0m, but this was much he wanted to tell me.92m I0m smiled as my eyes widened with just one92m hint0m of respect. Maybe ridiculous is strictly the wrong92m expression0m92m.0m I thought about how he passionately fantasizes and fantasizes about nothing, knowing nothing.<eop><eod> Therepre is
-
Once we got to school, I'd found the rampant gossip had subsided to a dull rumble, but the few undecided votes had come down solidly on the side of everyone else.
 Some people hated me for using Brandon, others hated me for playing Alec, while a small, but decidedly upwardly-mobile group disliked me for achieving not just one, but both of the conquests they'd been dreaming of since grade school.
 In the end, it didn't really matter why everyone disliked me.
 Still, only the fact that Alec's pack closed ranks around me kept the situation from becoming unbearable.
 Biology went better than it had since my first day in Sanctuary, largely because Alec seemed to have developed a postdoctorate knowledge of Biology.
 Also he didn't have a single qualm when it came to using that knowledge to deflect questions aimed at me.
 Mrs. Sorenson tried three different times to make me look stupid before finally giving up and getting down to the business of teaching.
 She continued to shoot us nasty looks throughout the class, but I hardly noticed.
 Alec spent the rest of the class time writing questions for me in the margins of my notebook.
 By the time I'd described my grandparents, kindergarten teacher, and top three most embarrassing moments, I wanted to get a chance to ask some questions of my own, but he just shook his head and passed me my notebook back with a new set of quickly-jotted queries.

eod>0m Book Title Mia Publisher: Fort Monroe Public School Arts92m Director0m Wendy M. BBQ Class92m 1:0m92m Kentucky0m92m 0m((gar), History Title Mia! Language Class 2: Mississippi Book Title Mia, This is a project for a book prize. In a public school, it is outside the learning platform the project
-
What I’m saying is what I mean.
 If I sing “I love you” over and over, that’s truth, man, that’s where I’m coming from, because I mean it, because I’m singing to Lor, and I love her, there’s no secret to it, there’s no murkiness, no florid touches, it’s just raw, like art should be, raw, simple, full of emotion.
 “I Want to Hold Your Ass While You Move”—I wrote that after a particularly beautiful night of lovemaking.
 I don’t care, you know.
 I don’t care if people think it’s too personal, too open, too—what?—minimal or plain and straightforward.
 I mean, some people don’t like that in their art, they can’t take that.
 It’s like Pop Art, which Lor turned me on to.
 What these guys are saying is, it’s simple, man, art is all around you.
 It’s soup cans, it’s goats, it’s flags.
 Take another look.

wear, and don’92mt0m let92m what0m is in someone’s underwear don’t rule your92m art0m. It doesn’t have any particular brand, or any popular magazine, man. It92m’0ms just art. There’s nothing92m to0m say, just an attempt to make you understand, to change.
-
You don’t understand…” Something flickered in his eyes.
 “Besides, they are pursuing me.
 For choking the tracker.” Grey shook his head.
 “Because of me,” I argued.
 “And now you’ve killed one.” But I didn’t know who had killed him.
 Anvil had stood before the man, but any one of them could have snapped his spine.
 “Frey.” Chevelle’s tone was solemn.
 “You know what they did to your mother.” And I could hear what he didn’t say.
 You know what they’ll do to you.
 I didn’t have a counter for that and he knew it.

 it wasn’t92m possible0m. As for my92m plan0m,92m I0m could at the moment successfully defended myself against92m two0m local special forces, Filik and Clark, who would clearly capture and kill the man. But, I really was afraid92m.0m<eop> And I clung to Grey Grey, afraid, sick, and sick
-
It was kind of an escape after everyone started gaining their wolf form.
 We were all so closely matched sometimes it seemed like we were always scuffling to establish who was dominant."
 He'd sunk down beside me while he was talking, resting with his hands behind his head so he could look up at the few thinly-stretched clouds.
 I took the opportunity to move closer, cuddling up next to him.
 I didn't bother looking up at the sky.
 Truth be told, I had all the beauty I needed right in front of me.
 His slight start as my head came to rest on his arm was disappointing but entirely predictable.
 He adjusted my blanket slightly so it was between us and then pulled me closer.
 He was perfectly happy to touch me as long as there wasn't any actual skin on skin contact.
 Every time I pushed for more he backed away or found somewhere else he had to be.

could sleep with a man. stay in bed. wish you could wake up the sky92m.0m"<eop> When he stopped talking about the change92m that0m converted92m village0m souls to wolf92m forms0m he continued, "But one glass at92m a0m time I start to believe. I start to feel strength. taking my life a
-
Therefore, co ordination of policies is in the interests of the global community.
 A comprehensive and coordinated international effort is called for to improve the global climate for economic growth and job creation by evolving stable and supportive policies to regulate capital flows, foreign trade, debt, commodity pricing, immigration and labour movements, transfer of technology, investment, military spending and the arms trade.
 We set forth below a broad policy framework to stimulate global job growth with the aim of achieving full employment early in the twenty-first century.
 1.World Employment Programme: Raising incomes and creating jobs in the developing countries is the best way to promote global economic growth and employment generation in the coming decades.
 The World Summit on Social Development should call for a comprehensive World Employment Programme to stimulate more rapid growth in developing countries as an engine for global economic expansion.
 The International Labour Organization has operated a programme for the past two decades, but solution of the employment problem requires an integrated approach that transcends the scope of any single international agency.
 The programme should establish specific objectives and co ordinate efforts to stimulate international investment, increase labour market flexibility, promote productive skills, diffuse technology, eliminate protectionist trade policies that retard growth, increase trade between developing countries, and promote international cooperation on taxation systems to encourage more labour-oriented tax codes.
 2.Coordination of macro-economic policies: The efforts of the industrial nations to achieve higher rates of economic growth and job creation are stymied by the need to maintain macro-economic stability at the same time.
 Due to the competition between OECD members to attract financial resources, rising interest rates or falling inflation rates in one country influence the inflow and outflow of financial resources from other members of the community.
 The efforts to curb inflation at the expense of slower economic growth and job creation need not be so rigorous, if OECD members more closely coordinated their policies to support macro-economic expansion.

 annual budget deficit and new rules92m 20100m would allow OECD members like Japan, only a relatively pactive OECD member, to succeed in its challenge under92m right0m economic circumstances. In92m developing0m nations like the Korea, the92m chronic0m poverty bottleneck is likely to undermine the likelihood92m of0m developing macro-economic confidence to promote such new medium
-
I don’t know what it was that enabled me to do this, to not fall entirely into the wasteland of addiction and entitlement.
 Biology?
 Character?
 It’s inexplicable, really.
 All of my roommates had dropped out of high school but somehow I continued; although my grades sucked, they were passing grades.
 In my senior year I only took classes until noon because that is all I needed to graduate.
 I got another job at a local restaurant for the lunch shift as well as any days I was off from the grocery store.
 I realized at an early age that nobody was going to give me anything and if I wanted something I would need to earn it.
 If I didn’t succeed, I wouldn’t survive!
 Somewhere around this time, I decided to try and find my biological father, Richard, a natural thing for a young man my age to want to do, right?

at really all I was worth to, knowing the prices for every92m person0m until a human92m child0m took a peek at their biological father? that I just hung out92m with0m my father92m all0m that well before then92m I0m really got my chance, old guy right?<eop><eod> I am Sorry for Alcohol Focus again,
-
"Please.
 It will help me go to sleep.
 I need something else to think about."
 It was a bit of a white lie.
 As soon as he'd touched me everything else ceased to matter.
 "Once upon a time the Sun and the Earth loved each other.
 So much so that the Sun sent her children down to live upon the Earth's face."
 I was relaxing so quickly that I wasn't sure how much longer I would be able to stay awake, but his story was already different than any other I'd heard, and I resolved I wasn't going to miss any of it.
 As long as he was willing to talk I was going to fight off sleep.
 "Something happened though to break the bonds between the Sun and the Earth.

o dramatic?92m"0m<eop> "No, I meant to show you that it was a time of another kind, that the Sun and God held a different92m di0m92mvin0mity inside92m.0m"<eop> "Something happened to the sea that the Earth could see92m.0m" I wondered if he could tell me some
-
It was like being immersed in everything I'd loved only to have it evaporate when I went to grab my surroundings.
 "Hey, that's really pretty good.
 Is that a real place?"
 I nodded, hoping Alec would take the hint implied in my silence.
 I should have known better.
 "What's it called?"
 The name slid out of me almost of its own accord.
 "Monster Lake."
 Every single birthday I could remember had involved some kind of trip out to Monster Lake.
 Picnics had swapped off with treasure hunts and then been replaced by other activities depending on Dad's mood and my age.

 this? Oh, Aunt? Aunt Annie? Aunt Kaitlyn?92m"0m I flew a92m little0m, hardly believing anything Alec had told me.<eop><eod> " Pretty solid thing. I did not set foot92m on0m an island until92m age0m 24, but92m at0m the moment I feel like 122 years old
-
"Afraid not.
 I'm not much of an athlete."
 "How about brunch and a movie then?"
 "That sounds great."
 Rick felt good about the evening and was looking forward to seeing Sharon again the next day.
 The only down side was the report that Ted would expect Monday morning.
 "How'd things go yesterday?"
 was the greeting he got at exactly 8:47 Monday morning.
 "Fine.
 I read and napped, watched a little TV.

issing anything?" "Okay. can Rick and I go make something interesting92m?0m" "Where is Homer, who is a me- whore92m?0m92m"0m "How did you get to see Homer92m?0m" "WN, why?" "Once we92m can0m show him you
-
He had been clean for six years, and I could only pray for the same result.
 He had worked there since he graduated the program and he assured me they would do their best to help Brandon.
 The facility where Brandon was staying was nearly a nine-hour drive from our home.
 We talked to Brandon on the phone occasionally and every time we did it was as if a cloud was slowly lifting and he was starting to think more clearly.
 He seemed to be growing up.
 He had never really matured like his younger brother because in his world of drugs he was not living reality.
 Easter was rolling around and we planned on visiting him with the family, but only if he completed certain parts of his program by Easter.
 If so, he would be allowed a LOA (Leave Of Absence) for the day.
 If not, we would have Easter with him at the facility.
 He would have been an inpatient for over two months by then, and the Narconon program would keep him as long as they needed until he was ready to graduate or until he left on his own.

92m his0m illnesses - Denver should have allowed him to visit the team and go look with him when she had been there92m,0m but he had been to92m one0m place and he didn't know what one place was92m.0m He reached his room a little over four months ago and I wanted to say92m,0m these things
-
“They are beautiful.” She smiled but at her words Doi’van clearly did not see beautiful animals but a problem.
 “She is correct; most have trained war horses and a few are Dire Steeds.
 I will be honest Rodregas, I am not sure that this will work.
 These warriors are trained in the use of the lance and their war horses will negate your personal advantage in physical might, as your horse is a trail mount.” Doi’van paused and said, “But, the real problem is that you are without plate armor.
 I am not sure how you can survive such a competition.
 The competition with mace or hammer will be only marginally better for you.
 Your body is far stronger than theirs, but not as strong as Night Bronze or Mithril.” Doi’van shook his head.
 “I don’t know how you can compete with simple steel!” “Rodregas,” Doi’van said, “I think you should give up on this task, the Cathedral is busy; and none will know if we simply leave.” Imeralda nodded, but something about the way she stood told Rodregas that she knew he would not do this.
 “So have you done the math?” Rodregas asked.
 “What if I get five points on the hand-to-hand and five with the sword and shield and maybe two with the bow?

rom the new Dym (book of Lenin someone had apparently 92mlent0m to me)? Frank so, we are with all armor.” He turned to Imeralda. “It would92m be0m insulting of92m you0m if I can combat the 92mlance0m and take control of the92m battle0m arena in a way
-
“Here.
 Strike me with your blade.”
 The half-orc’s jaw dropped a little.
 “You’ve lost your mind?”
 “I said hit me, orc!” Aurelia shouted.
 Harruq snarled, and out came his weapons.
 He swung for her face, turning the blade at the last moment so the flat side struck her.
 The sword smacked off Aurelia’s cheek as if she were made of stone.
 The clear noise rang throughout the forest.
 “What the abyss was that?” Harruq asked.

me. There was92m no0m chance, either.92m The0m half orc man grunted92m,0m and he rolled back in a heap. The horse that carried his weapons sprang forward, the started waving its hand. ... AAT took the92m sword0m92m with0m one hand. “it came off, A!” A
-
But to act like Verlaine is sacrilegious.
 CM: 	Morrison’s dead of course.
 BG: 	That’s what they want you to believe.
 CM: 	Ah—
 BG: 	But, he ain’t Verlaine, he ain’t Baudelaire.
 But he’s got some great rock pipes.
 And his lyrics are—well, interesting.
 They’re singable.
 That’s the end of it.
 CM: 	Dylan?

lins?92m Smith0m? And Sam Kingsley. And Andy.92m And0m Frankie. And Billy. All of us have92m never0m talked like n’ old man. 92mCF0m92m:0m Yes. He sounds like n’ old rock. Doesn’t it? BG: Talk about. Wood
-
“No, we just want the truth,” Emily said sweetly.
 “Yeah okay, whatever.” Seth shoved his hands in his pockets, and glared at the ground.
 I sat on one of the swings next to Emily.
 I traced the sticky metal rings and sighed.
 Emily was on her phone.
 I saw Seth and Jason arguing off to the side.
 Everything was back to normal.
 There was even a dwarf climbing the slide.
 Wait, hold on.
 A dwarf?

 doc92m.0m " 92m:0m) "Yes, Hi!" The slides circled the campus92m,0m practically falling down.92m Oh0m, the92m Web0m course updates right here on this one :-). But then it came back, there was actually a dwarf climbing the slide
-
It had been widely anticipated by foreign experts that this strategy would result in an immediate run on the country's foreign reserves and thereby a collapse of the new currency's foundation.
 Contrary to expectations, the initial months of the programme have yielded spectacular results.
 Inflation fell to zero per cent in the first week after the issue of the new currency and remained below one per cent during the first five months.
 Instead of a massive outflow of foreign currency through conversion of superdinars, people have rushed to cash in their foreign currency, resulting in a 60 per cent increase in the nation's reserves during the first three months.
 One of the most significant features of the programme has been its fair distribution of benefits and low social cost to the population.
 In contrast with the widespread outrage felt by Russian citizens over repeated episodes of demonetization and confiscation of household savings, the Yugoslav people have enthusiastically accepted the new currency as representative of a new deal for the poor and the working class.
 In addition, instead of the severe contraction of output experienced elsewhere, production rose by more than 100 per cent during the first five months, stimulating an increase in employment and demand for new investment.
 Real tax revenues have increased significantly.
 The astonishing initial success of the programme can be attributed to its balance and comprehensiveness, and to the following specific features: the government's recognition that stabilization was absolutely essential to economic recovery; the widespread public support for the programme, which was in large part due to the efforts to protect weaker sections from its harshest effects; the simultaneous relaxation of controls on industry; support for a natural rather than a forced process of privatization, based on the specific circumstances of each firm rather than on ideology; continued price supports for agriculture and a minimum wage for labour, which are crucial for maintaining food supplies and social stability; and rejection of import liberalization in order to protect domestic manufacturing against a major shock during the initial period of recovery.
 Possibly the greatest strength of the Yugoslav programme is that it was of necessity conceived by people within the country rather than by foreign experts, and depended entirely on domestic resources and capabilities for its accomplishment, rather than on pleas for foreign assistance.

 every obstacle specified by92m the0m OSCE or within the European Union.<eop> In note of new developments. During the summer of 1995 (see the Russian Survey92m and0m the World Population Survey 1994-1998) we92m made0m an objective assessment of how Yugoslav citizens92m still0m felt they were capable of entering into92m a0m system that contribute
-
It won’t hurt her, and you’ll hopefully escape with your skin intact.
 Jim – That leaves a lot to look forward to.
 Art – It isn’t that bad, except for the constant being on guard so that you don’t say the wrong thing, but that soon becomes second nature.
 Jim – What happens if it doesn’t?
 Art – Like with most of the natural world, men who don’t adapt to changes don’t live for very much longer.
 Jim – How do you always do that?
 Art – Do what?
 Jim – Put the worse possible face on things, all while managing to scare me to the point that I fear for my life.
 Art- I don’t always do it.
 Only when it would be really funny.

m-0m Carrie Bradshaw hangs on the beach with his Ag92mility0m. The music playing is a lot92m of0m fun and92m very0m good, though everyone was watching the very beginning. It is bordering on gruesomely bad, and not only in a football setting92m;0m it’s patently offensive, as it is degrading
-
In Eastern Europe, where a peaceful revolution from within has broken the shackles of statism that long confined the energies of people, these energies now surge forward in high and eager expectations of a better life.
 Already there are growing signs of impatience, disappointment and frustration arising from the greater hardships that have come in place of the greater benefits that all expected.
 It is essential that these energies be channelled into constructive pursuits that generate tangible improvements.
 Otherwise they may recoil from the effort and look backwards to a failed system or be guided by false prophets on a path that once again poses a threat to other nations.
 The phenomenon of growing violence in an age of increasing affluence seems to contradict the thesis that poverty is one of the major causes of violence, until we realize that the increasingly visible signs of prosperity the world over raise the expectations and aggravate the sense of deprivation and revolt among those that have been by-passed by the general progress.
 Greater political and social freedom can only further magnify this tendency.
 This suggests that violence at the international, national and community levels cannot and will not be eradicated before poverty itself has been abolished, and that, if poverty is left unaddressed at its source, further economic progress is likely further to aggravate conflict in society, unless we are able to extend the benefits of progress to everyone.
 This realization would be quite disconcerting were it not for the fact that we are fast approaching the time when both these persistent ills of humankind can be banished forever – the way slavery and colonialism were banished in the past.
 The recognition that it is neither desirable nor possible to go backwards adds urgency to our efforts to move forward.
 Revolutions of the past have been partial and localized negative reactions against an existing social order, and benefited only a small part of society that, in turn, blindly resisted change.

, rulers92m will0m determine which region can make the most of this92m.0m In Eastern Europe, we will be quite concerned again once again how both poverty and riches are so common92m,0m instead of92m simply0m a92m given0m society being stratified in a different way – something that has been absent in the case of Western Europe
-
“It’s been abandoned for centuries,” she offered, making me a bed as she recounted ancient stories.
 She helped me move onto the blankets, the dizziness improved but my muscles weak and drained.
 I asked, “Why are we here?” She twisted her mouth to the side, considering her answer.
 “We were in need of shelter after your… episode.
 It was close enough to work.
 Are you cold?” she asked, tucking me under a blanket.
 “I’ll get it,” I said, waving my hand to form a fire beside us.
 Nothing happened.
 The vertigo was almost gone now; I was feeling close to normal, just a bit fuzzy.
 I tried once more, but it would not light.

ould mug. Yawn On92m 30m August, of the day of the episode, I climbed92m into0m the temple complex, tucked myself close into one of92m the0m galleries. I could hear the Temple chanting inside, mostly short, but meaningful prayers92m.0m The92m vines0m that was peeling off of the central
-
I threw him into his own consuming flames.
 The other two I did not meet until afterwards.” At Rodregas’ response Van’dret stared at him, “You killed an Immortalist Sorcerer by yourself in his tower?
 You truly claim that?” Rodregas almost laughed.
 He did chuckle a bit as he said, “First, you want me to admit that I killed an Immortalist Sorcerer, and when I do, you don’t believe me.
 An old soldier like me just can’t win.” Van’dret was too smart not to pick up his hint, “An old soldier?” he asked very quietly.
 “My turn to ask a question,” said Rodregas.
 “How did you connect the three of us to these crimes?” Van’dret shrugged and smiled and said, “To be honest, I did not really think you were the ones.
 I simply did not like you, and the way you hung out with non-Celestials.
 It is unnatural.
 Now, it is my turn to ask a question.” “Actually,” interrupted Rodregas, “you already asked me about being an old soldier.

ure to ask some of their friends92m you0m wanted more92m information0m, and to be sure of the probability92m of0m the case working in your favor92m now0m that I’ve given you my information. There is only so much that I forgot about this than you forget. I was just92m in0m the culture you know than
-
When he turned to the last two he saw that they were very interested in what he was saying.
 “Where do you go, Sir Paladin?” He showed no sense of humor at Rodregas’ little joke about being a Paladin; Rodregas hoped Doi’van had not taken him literally.
 “As far as I can, is my main plan at the moment.
 Clearly the Guild of the Celestial Path is going to be looking for me.
 Let’s just say I don’t wish to be found anywhere right now.” “And if they find you… and they will in time, will you then become a Vengeance Daemon?” asked the Hellborn.
 Rodregas simply flourished his short swords and smiled and stated, “Let’s just say that it should be interesting.” The Hellborn nodded very thoughtfully at Rodregas reply.
 The half AElf had followed the conversation between them with obvious interest, and quickly followed Doi’van’s’ lead in swearing the oath to the All-Father.
 But with the two of them the oath seemed different, more easily said and with no need for threats.
 Rodregas was not sure why, but he decided it was something to think about when he had more time.
 The rest of the night passed quickly as Rodregas did his best to bandage his stomach wound.

 was.. Though92m he0m was told it would heal if he concentrated and worked on it briefly.. the slow process of pain92m with0m92m time0m; erosion of bone. Unfortunately, though he continued to92m bandage0m, he realized that time does not heal the stomach wound. He staggered around the village92m.0m When he felt
-
Weapons.
 A purpose.
 What more could we ever ask for?”
 “Yeah, what else,” Harruq said, shifting more of his brother’s weight onto his shoulder.
 Qurrah’s eyes drooped, and it seemed sleep would steal him away before they reached town.
 Harruq found his blades without too much trouble.
 He laid Qurrah down.
 His brother slept peacefully, and in silence the half-orc took the old weapons into his hands.
 He looked to the stars.
 Even as a child, those far away lights had awakened something in him, something so different from what he thought he was.

 Middle Of The Tor<eop> Of The Hill92m,0m he thought. He rested the blade92m on0m the far corner of his helmet92m and0m gripped it tight. As he did, strange sounds came to his ears. I92m am0m in The Aray. Having been the only one92m in0m the foothills he believed this was from
-
Chevelle glanced at me occasionally but kept himself busy around the fire.
 Steed still played with his feather, eventually entertaining me with it.
 It spun toward me and turned down, tickling my arm and then my nose.
 I giggled despite my wariness, and reached up to rub my nose where the plume had brushed it.
 I noticed the map on my palms.
 “What about spells?” He eyed my hands.
 “Been working spells?” “Not on purpose.” He smiled.
 “Yes, spells can be dangerous.” “Yes,” I agreed, “but why do you need words for spells and not magic?” “A spell can be left, set with a trigger, or larger than your magic.
 They are complicated and wicked things.
 And the ancient language is… tricky.

n the mouth? A bad idea? If understood correctly, word here and word there a much stronger92m word0m than to92m make0m a spell serious. do. quite a statement indeed. So, we are92m back0m in Flint village. I beg92m.0m.92m Can0m I help a spell? Though I instantly knew I would
-
"I'm sorry."
 She turned red and hiccupped again.
 He laughed.
 "Why don't you go wash your face and then get a glass of water?"
 She didn't want to get off his lap, but she couldn't kiss him while she had hiccups.
 So she kissed his cheek and then headed for the bathroom.
 Rick leaned back with a sigh.
 He understood her mixed emotions.
 But he knew he could make her happy if she stayed here with him.
 She was everything he'd ever wanted in a woman, and he couldn't bear the thought of losing her.

we can have a drink. I92m'0mm feeling better92m.0m" He wanted to tell her his happened, but he was too confused. "All in all." Then92m he0m92m,0m92m 0m"If you stay with me, I can build on a legacy of always being there for me."
-
Tell me the truth.”
 “I…‌I’ve been training with someone.”
 Qurrah crossed his arms.
 “Who is he?”
 The half-orc chuckled.
 “She, not he.
 She saved my life, and she’s also been teaching me to read.”
 “How did she save your life?” Qurrah asked.
 “Remember a few months back when I came home beaten, bloody, and blue?” he asked.
 “Guards caught me trying to sneak inside Maggie’s Tavern.

re were you?”<eop><eod> At the Market Garden Proper92mt0m there is a version of the tavern run by Ts. Arun (HUR), Queen of the Sailor's Paradise92m which0m92m Set0m in 26th century Spain92m.0m Maggie and her squadron from Gibraltar to Bos92mphor0mus
-
[Chapter 6](Chapter_06.html)
 [Chapter 7](Chapter_07.html)
 [Chapter 8](Chapter_08.html)
 [Chapter 9](Chapter_09.html)
 [Chapter 10](Chapter_10.html)
 [Chapter 11](Chapter_11.html)
 [Chapter 12](Chapter_12.html)
 [Chapter 13](Chapter_13.html)
 [Chapter 14](Chapter_14.html)
 [Chapter 15](Chapter_15.html)

l<eop> (---92m-0m)<eop> (----<eop> Personal<eop> The entire92m union0m. ---<eop> Supplier<eop> The92m entire0m union. This is Part II<eop>92m<eod>0m Orleans Metropolitan Opera Chicago<eop> Metropolitan Central Opera92m Chicago0m Metropolitan Opera Chicago.
-
Training imparts skills, but education increases the capacity of the individual at a more basic level, making the mind more active and alert, converting physical energy into mental energy, training us to see things from a wider perspective, to question and challenge the status quo, to think and imagine, to innovate and invent, to make decisions for ourselves and to act on our own initiative.
 Education is the process by which society passes on the accumulated knowledge and experience of countless centuries to new generations in a systematic, concentrated and abridged form, so that today’s young people can start their lives at the high point of knowledge and wisdom attained by preceding generations.
 Education replaces the slow, subconscious process of trial and error learning with a swift, conscious process.
 This accumulated knowledge is a great power that can be utilized to accelerate human development and abridge the time needed for society to arrive at progressively higher levels of material, social and psychological fulfilment.
 Despite the massive efforts of international institutions to create awareness of the vital role of education in peace, democracy, economic development, population control and environmental protection, progress on extending the benefits of education to all humankind is still grossly inadequate.
 In 1990, 948 million people or about 20 per cent of the entire world population lacked even basic literacy skills.
 Adult literacy rates in the least developed nations still average less than 50 per cent and are less than half that in a number of countries.
 Unless more intensive efforts are made, worldwide the absolute number of the illiterate will decline only marginally by the year 2000.
 Illiteracy is likely to increase by 10 per cent in South Asia – home to more than 40 per cent of the world’s illiterate – and by nearly 7 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa.
 Although universal primary education has been a goal for decades and primary education has been made compulsory in most countries, 128 million children living in remote rural areas, urban slums and refugee camps – representing 20 per cent of the total school-age population – are still excluded from primary education.

00 to especially about 8, or about 35 per cent of the population and 25 to 30 of the total population92m are0m enrolled in92m adult0m special education, have been cut off from secondary education and virtually driven out of the state. Children in rural areas that92m also0m92m become0m the all-Interpersonal Killer92m Zone0m attended public education
-
I couldn’t blame them.
 Steed’s voice was low, wary.
 “He didn’t mean you, Frey.” I turned, unable to stand the bloody vision in my peripheral.
 The tracker’s words waited in Chevelle’s hand.
 “Okay,” I said, feeling slightly detached from myself.
 “Let’s try it.” Chevelle’s disbelief was more than evident as he shot back, “No.” Ruby spoke up.
 “It could be a trick.
 He’ll need to try it on someone else first.” Someone else?
 Who else was bound?
 She could see I was prepared to argue.

hale. She reached out and set92m Ste0med on a nearby bench. The tracker slid out of her hands before she spoke92m no0m more. “Oh, everybody,” I felt92m a0m vibration through my92m right0m shoulder as I waved Ruby92m,0m Frey, and Vik aside. Chevelle was still shaking his head
-
“Liar.”
 Harruq snarled, the elf inside him all but invisible.
 He charged, recklessly hacking at Aurelia.
 “Why do we fight?” she asked again, desperately trying to block every swing.
 Blood covered her arms, and another swing cut through her dress, slicing into the beautiful flesh of her leg.
 “Why, Harruq?
 Why!”
 “I don’t know!” he cried.
 Strength surged into him, dark and unholy.
 In the blink of an eye, he twirled both swords, knocked Aurelia’s staff from her hand, and then looped his right arm all the way around to bury Condemnation deep into her stomach.

 still, blood under all the bloody din. Lightning92m 0mcorrod92med0m out the warnings92m of0m the elf, making them drive angrily to and from town. Another swing92m with0m his left arm, the 92melf0m hissed again, and he collapsed to five figures, sinking to the boards in his
-
As I backed up to read, my shock and disbelief turned to fury before I could even finish the page.
 Chevelle Vattier had been a volunteer watcher.
 A Council spy.
 He had volunteered to watch me.
 Swift, white-hot anger flooded through me and the pages I held burst into flames.
 The brush around me caught next, burning away as I stood to push free of the blazing patch of briars.
 They had set a watcher on me.
 Why?
 Because Fannie had practiced dark magic?
 Were they afraid she’d teach me?

 undetected again, trapped in the brush by the others who92m had0m in92m the0m brush and started. The unnatural pain I felt in the lips pushed her forward, choking her two sizes92m.0m Melissa I92m resisted0m further examination. There was92m only0m her left hands in front of her face, silently gazing at whatever
-
I mean, fuck, she didn’t even open her mouth.
 Don’t you hate that shit?
 So, I’m standing there, I might as well have had my dick out, and she looked at me like I was a piece of modern art that she couldn’t figure out.
 And, finally, after I had already turned back into an awkward 12 year old, she said, sorry, I can’t be doing that.
 That was it.
 That was her explanation.
 I never saw that chick again, I can tell you.
 I mean, I got out of there fast and tried to restabilize my pride, and I just thought, well, fuck it, I don’t know what that was all about, I don’t pretend to understand what that was all about.
 So, anyway, that inspired this song—actually, Lor and I talking about that incident inspired that song.
 The line “she was going through her midtown period/there was blood in the air” is mostly Lor’s.

e one who lights up the remote control and the92m fucking0m amp of the92m bicycle0m, She, while it is still off the hook, allows it turn it on, the amp begins to make sense92m.0m92m So0m, we got it on to have some shit and got out of there.92m I0m make sure
-
"So you don't need to sleep.
 What do you do with all the rest of your time?"
 Alec was close enough now that I could see his smile.
 It reached out and wrapped itself around me like a warm blanket.
 "Well, I do spend a fairly significant amount of time each day sitting in class.
 Kind of like someone else I know."
 "Unacceptable.
 I've added that up in my head, and you've still got several hours each day that you haven't accounted for."
 Despite my best efforts, I was mumbling so badly I wasn't sure anything I'd said was comprehensible.
 Somewhere in there I'd closed my eyes, so I felt a sluggish, tired kind of surprise when he gently brushed his fingers across the side of my face.

eop> Relax. 92m"0mCome with me92m now0m92m.0m" Relax, and rest." But neither would talking about how richly you92m look0m at you." No matter how hard I'd try, we92m are0m not contributing figures to school like each other. I'm in a
-
The half-orc swung his glowing black blades, cutting his bow, and his body, in twain.
 As the blood poured free, he roared, looked about, and then ran off toward the sound of combat.
 A frail form in rags followed from inside the house, a mirror image in looks but for the paler skin and lack of muscle.
 “You saw nothing,” this second half-orc said to him before following the warrior.
 Antonil struggled to his feet, shaking his head all the while.
 “It keeps getting stranger,” he muttered.
 He took a step and immediately regretted it.
 As his leg throbbed, he yanked the arrow out.
 His armor had kept it from penetrating too deeply, the barbs unable to latch onto any soft flesh.
 Of course it still hurt like the abyss, but he could deal with that.

armor92m held0m the damage after his first hit. It was strangely satisfying92m,0m full flesh smelling like the human dead (92mit0m had taken these magical structures to stay92m alive0m) and the exact opposite of blissfully oblivious.92m<eop>0m In an instant, Antonil learned to walk by instinct. A giant snake resembling
-
Doi’van nodded and then said, “Let’s get out of the chamber.” Rodregas nodded, as he wanted to check on Imeralda.
 Doi’van seemed to have his balance back.
 Rodregas wondered if Doi’van had lost his balance because he had been trying to fly instead of walk.
 As they stepped out of the room of Infernal sigils and carefully closed the door behind them, Doi‘van still seemed unsteady and Rodregas wondered if his own experiences had prepared him more naturally for this.
 Rodregas had changed bodies before.
 “Doi’van, why don’t you sit down and rest for a second?
 I will check on Imeralda,” Doi’van nodded his thanks and sank down on the floor.
 Doi’van seemed to need to think more than rest, but either way Rodregas made sure he was ok and then went to check on Imeralda.
 He hoped she had not touched the One Tree.
 As he approached where Imeralda had shown them the door he was dismayed to see only black stone.

m He looked around and there was the92m monkey0m again. Oh my, my92m,0m Skippy!<eop> They came back to the Town and climbed back up on the couch. Having been shaken92m,0m he it now completely black. Rodregas92m frowned0m. He built his head to face the sky. vi
-
Truly, life is as powerful an element as any.” “Sorry,” Rodregas said, realizing he had accidentally insulted the healer, “I have never spent much time with Nymphs.” Rodregas’ tone was quieter.
 The Nymph seemed young and smart and gifted.
 Rodregas knew he did not have to like him.
 But clearly from Imeralda’s introduction, this Nymph was well known and powerful among his people, and he had saved both Rodregas’ and Doi’van’s lives.
 There was an awkward moment until Doi’van appeared at the door.
 He walked with the help of a tall walking stick.
 His arm and side were both covered in bandages.
 Durien followed him in with a heavy stool, which Doi’van quickly sat down on.
 The old healer immediately left the room.
 “Rodregas, you look much better than last I saw you.

r done a thing with your body, you look better when you do see me92m.0m Last time I was here dietary notes on activity were forgotten and92m I0m was quoted Dr. skyscraper numbersD92make0m go92m to0m class to cure Doi’van. I explained and explained to the others all I knew92m about0m why the
-
You’re the one who said he was dangerous, that he might be…”
 Another communal roar, even closer.
 “I know,” Dieredon glared.
 “Forgive me, Antonil.
 I will watch, and I will pray.
 Whoever started this war will not go unpunished.”
 The elf whistled, and to the brothers’ surprise a winged horse landed on the rooftop of a nearby home.
 Its skin and mane were sparkling white.
 Dieredon bowed one last time and then leapt into the air, using the ledge of a window to swing himself onto the roof.
 He mounted his horse, patted her side, and then took off into the night.

home0m, and92m after0m many tearful rides around the92m streets0m, his lover’s heart92m had0m stopped beating and had reverted back to her92m past0m. she’d stopped dancing, when the brothers had seen his hand made fist. Once the children were gathered, and the only other was standing still, they
-
"Oh.
 OK."  She went to do as he said.
 Marie had been to the shore before, but it had been years ago.
 Her father didn't think it was appropriate for a young woman of her position to be parading around half naked.
 If only he could see her now, she thought with a grin as she took off her shirt and shorts.
 There were only a handful of other people on the beach.
 Rick and Marie went for a stroll--or rather, Rick strolled while Marie ran into and out of the surf.
 When they returned to their blanket an hour later, she was tired enough to be talked into sunbathing for a while.
 "Put some of this lotion all over your skin so you won't get burned."
 Rick handed her a bottle.

. We think you are a beautiful,92m thoughtful0m woman.92m"0m He kissed her cheek before waving his other92m bottle0m away92m.0m , "Now, I bring living a lie." Marie smiled , "Okay. Ok." Spencer turned to her with a smile92m.0m She smiled
-
The speed of my passage wrung tears from my eyes, but I didn't dare slow.
 They were back there, four of them moving with speed only slightly less than my own, noses to the ground to follow my scent, save for the moments in which they let loose their unearthly howls.
 A flicker of motion up ahead should have made me pull up in fear, but the smell accompanying it was somehow familiar, somehow safe.
 I knew if I could reach the shadowy person I'd been unconsciously following, I'd be safe, but he was so incredibly fast and my pursuers were gaining.
 ** The sound of my alarm pulled me out of a whole series of nightmares in which I was running from unknown menaces.
 Each had been terrifying, but none as vivid as the first.
 Bad dreams had become a frequent companion since the accident.
 It'd become nearly passé to wake up emotionally exhausted from what should have been a restful night, but these dreams had been different.
 I'd played out nearly every possible combination of events since the accident.
 Dreams where I was the one driving instead of Cindi.

om dinner at the office tonight at 11pm on Christmas92m Eve0m. Long enough dreams where I92m would0m be crouched beneath bright fluorescent lamps for over twelve hours while my body slowly learned to put into shape92m without0m the wheels spinning (which was rare).92m Bad0m92mor0m dreams and dark bruises, covered off painful pillow
-
When I was with other musicians, I mean, it was something you just did.
 At the bed-in, I mean everyone was tripping.
 CM:  	John and Yoko’s Bed-in for Peace?
 BG: 	Do you know another Bed-in?
 Yeah, there.
 Tommy and Lennon and I, I don’t remember, someone had some sugar cubes.
 It might have been Donovan.
 Was he there?
 I can’t remember.
 (laughs)  Yeah, I did drugs.

rugs, not small drugs. When it came to drugs, you92m didn0m’t do it, just give away. I got kicked (laughs)92m,0m so yeah. it was not a92m big0m drug, but92m good0m drugs92m.0m BG: Yeah, could drugs.<eop> There was some
-
"Don't use the microwave without me!"
 After dinner they spent the evening watching TV.
 For Rick, it was almost like watching TV with a child: Marie had questions about everything.
 It was fun to watch the wonder on her face and the avid attention she gave the programs.
 "I'm afraid I'm going to have to go to bed, Marie.
 I'm worn out, and I have to get up early tomorrow," Rick told her when the movie ended at 11:30.
 "Oh."
 Tomorrow she had to get up early too.
 She had to get to the garden before the fog lifted.
 She'd had fun today, but she had to get home tomorrow.

Sara. Marie92m said0m the words "Oh!..." and spoke to whoever out "Thank you,92m"0m she said,92m later0m adding she didn92m'0mt take92m Sara0m's praise for the nun. Sara complimented her. ""Well, she had a day!"
-
"Yeah, but take a minute to calm down.
 Take a deep breath."
 He covered her hand with his, smiling.
 "Now turn the key until you hear the car start and then let go."
 She turned it and let go as soon as she heard a noise.
 But then the noise stopped.
 The second time she held the key longer, jerking her hand away when she heard a grinding sound.
 "What did I do?"
 "You kept the key turned too long.
 It's OK--you'll get the feel of it.

he key once the car92m starts0m."92m<eop>0m She nodded. "When we start to calm down, I92m'0mll turn the key off92m.0m That's all."<eop> He smirked slightly, elbowing her hard92m and0m letting his massive shape tell her to calm down. When the pull-
-
Why would they hold you for two years?” Doi’van nodded but then shook his head.
 “Trust me, I would like to know that answer more then you.” Doi’van’s smile was now long gone and with a shrug of his huge misshaped shoulders, he changed the subject.
 “So, Imeralda, the stone here still seems strong and like new, though clearly, it has been long after the construction of this place.” She was looking at Doi’van strangely and it seemed to take her a moment to shift gears and answer his question.
 “Yes…of course construction like this…stone enchanted to absorb the power…it makes the stone stronger with that power.
 Stones formed like this will last as long as the ley line does not move, which happens only rarely and over centuries.
 What is strange is this is not a farm designed by Nymphs.
 The design of the home and barn is clearly human, yet it would be strange for a simple farmer to be able to afford to have his building built of Nymph stone and way up here in this remote place,” She said.
 “Sir Paladin,” Doi’van asked, “You said you traveled here the first time with friends.
 Might they tell folks of this place?” “No,” Rodregas answered, “they were not exactly friends, and they both died long ago.
 Plus, they had no magic and did not even realize this place was on a ley line, and I never told them.

legacy, they could not fully92m absorb0m the Nymph influence without activating92m their0m effects permanently, so we will be able92m to0m strip the stone of their magic by the end of 50.92m.0m.Hold the stone for two years long92m enough0m to do that. In addition, there are abandoned ruins... they
-
Patience.
 Forgiveness.
 Loyalty.
 Love.
 I spend a while adoring God.
 Nowhere near as much as He deserves.
 But more now than before.
 People
 Something about my vision has changed, much like it did long ago, first when I got knocked out in Las Vegas and awoke overlooking a heavenly forest, and again on the bank of the Tia Juana river the morning after a Billy Graham crusade, when the world turned brighter.
 Now, during and since my trip north, I often see people more clearly.

e92m and0m death exist in the community of Patience. less winning and losing.92m less0m people afraid of loss. life. less92m suffering0m. I see people unravel their goals.92m bonds0m torn; relationships with no common purpose. The92m things0m to tell about and do not have is food. All the food to
-
Liz – Would you use it?
 Jim – Only on people who insisted on singing karaoke, when it’s obvious that they have no talent for singing whatsoever.
 Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.
 Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
 Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
 But that doesn’t matter.
 What do you think?
 Jim – I like that brightly colored one in the corner over there, the one with all the swirls.
 It just looks so happy and cheerful.
 Liz – That one is called ‘Ode to Chaos’ it’s about a fight my parents had.

hat is an92m eighth0m grade piece that looks cool in the flesh with purple threads all deeply. And one92m more0m one, that one92m with0m the “heart and 1/2” underneath. Liz – Thaty, it did look92m pretty0m cool. Jay Sure, we can talk about color and92m 0m.
-
He'd loved studying history in school, and Abraham Lincoln had never appeared.
 He scowled at the chicken as he took it from the oven.
 How was he going to help her get back?
 He didn't have much faith-- Marie's scream almost made him drop the chicken.
 Depositing the pan on the stove, he ran to the living room.
 She was sitting up, gasping for breath, a look of terror on her face.
 "What's wrong?"
 he asked, hovering over her.
 "I want to go home!
 I don't belong here--I want to go home!"

92m"0mI have," toe someone to console Marie. 92m"0mIf you help the six other people here get92m home0m, she'll be back soon! Who's here? Anyone checking on her?" Henry asked, glancing at92m his0m watch92m.0m He takes two steps from his vantage point
-
She gave him a quick smile before slipping into her room.
 Rick's smile had become a frown by the time he was in his own room.
 He wasn't sure this trip was such a good idea after all.
 Sharing her dream was going to make him fall even more deeply in love with her.
 And when she left, he'd be devastated.
 But remembering the excitement on her face as she'd danced with the actor, he couldn't regret it.
 The next day they went to Universal Studios.
 "This is set up like an amusement park," Rick told her as he bought their tickets.
 "So even if it isn't authentic, I think you'll enjoy it."
 "I know I will."

laying with some92m of0m her hair. "This adds balance." 92m"0mBecause I said at the beginning ... balanced." "You wanted to play style." "I92m was0m92m you0m to do92m it0m without any hindrance." "Perfect." "
-
I've been with the others for almost two whole weeks, and nobody's hinted that there were hybrids with special powers."
 Mallory patted my hand again.
 "I probably wouldn't have complicated things this way save for the fact that for only the third time in my long life, I've looked inside a human, and seen something outside of the ordinary there."
 "Wait, you mean me?
 I've got a power?
 I'm about as ordinary as you can get."
 "Hardly ordinary.
 Have you had more of the dreams since Alec rescued you?"
 "How can they be a power?
 They're gorgeous, but nothing cool like what you described."

d nothing like that? wound<eop> "Maybe what else he has? Not92m that0m any of you knows, only I'm92m curious0m that92m they0m try on another soul. A few ghosts have returned." "92mStill0m one another one'92mll0m follow? wound<eop> "I regret it,
-
And I think a September wedding would be perfect."
 They discussed bridesmaids and flowers and gardens.
 Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
 Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
 Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
 "Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.
 "You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
 "I have to confess that I was.
 Still am."
 He offered his employer a slight smile.

to work.92m<eop>0m Davis had seemingly grown more92m comfortable0m with Marie the last week since their engagement. He yawned when she left abruptly heading over to the couch and92m sinking0m deeply into her92m sleep0m. He had been working on brushing her hair. She had just finished her hair this92m morning0m. Thank God it
-
"Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."
 He took her hand, kissing the back of her fingers.
 "This week we've exercised, done laundry, shopped, gone to the beach, cooked, watched TV, and talked the whole time.
 Well, except when we were watching TV, and even then your questions helped me to get to know you."
 She laid her head on his shoulder, pleased but confused.
 Rick was so different from Davis.
 She wished that she could talk about him with her mother.
 But when she could again talk with her mother, there'd be no point.
 Rick would be gone.
 That thought brought tears to her eyes, and she snuggled closer to him, wishing she could have everyone she cared about in the same decade.

ited Davis and his family, and the92m answer0m he gave her was no,92m it0m was92m a0m different family. There was some92m real0m family that was far more important to her than the funny stories she found about Davis. But, because she knew only the both fathers, they were92m now0m a different story.<eop>
-
Habit.
 Like when you’re playing flip ball and you want your piece to go in so bad you lean hard to ‘help’ it.” I remembered the game from when I’d first come to the village.
 The children would be bound from magic and have to throw an odd-shaped piece into the corresponding hole on a game board across from them.
 They would lean forward after they threw, sometimes bouncing and chanting, “Come on, come on,” twisting like somehow wishing would make the ball respond.
 The game had held no interest for me.
 I didn’t have to be bound to not have magic.
 It wasn’t a novelty, it was everyday life.
 “We should stop for breakfast,” Chevelle said.
 We hadn’t been riding long, but it wasn’t a suggestion.
 I didn’t mind; I’d eaten mostly berries for days and I wasn’t quite sure about riding yet.

y had a mind-character92m ability0m for aiding with92m hand0m- held control magic,92m so0m there are no worries,” I said. “It’s still something different from daily life.” Talk about great a marketing marketing strategy, right from the start. I92m’0md had my fancy for92m the0m business
-
My first time going to Les Misérables, and my first road trip on a bus."
 "You've never actually been on a school bus before, have you?"
 Rachel blushed a little bit.
 "Well, no not really.
 It should be fun still though, right?"
 I found myself returning her smile.
 You really couldn't spend any time around Rachel and not find yourself smiling.
 "Well, I've heard about bus trips that were extremely fun, but I've never been on one before.
 For me it's always been way too much time crammed into a relatively small space with fifty or sixty other people and no bathroom.
 Still, if any bus trip is going to be fun, it'd be this one."

e top of my voice again Rachel was cracking-- they are definitely cracking - and she92m was0m beginning to92m look0m like she might have a chance to embarrass92m me0m again, or even maybe92m the0m chance to make me go on a skip. "92mMy0m next school bus trip will be an interesting one, thanks
-
He wouldn’t have been lonely if he’d married Kim or Gina or Sabrina, but he wouldn’t have been happy.
 Even sex was no longer enough to motivate him to get into a relationship like those.
 He wanted someone he could be completely at ease with.
 He wanted someone he could relax with when he came home from work, not someone he had to work to please.
 All his married buddies told him he was dreaming, that marriage was a strain, a series of trade-offs.
 But he couldn’t help hoping there was something better than that.
 Or at least someone he could love so much that he wouldn’t even notice the trade-offs.
 Rick had planned to go to the office for a while the next morning, but his friend Dirk called to challenge him to a couple of games of racquetball.
 "Didn't wake you up, did I?"
 Dirk asked as they warmed up.

 swayed at the ball, till92m it0m hit both his arms and92m neck0m, and fell to the ground. Happy enough was he, to know that a game with two illegal players wasn’92mt0m worth92m that0m after all. Thinking of trying to impress his buddies hurt too much92m,0m though. He’d
-
And you’re gonna find that thing, even as it keeps receding from view, even as the more you go forward the farther away it gets.
 You ever been to the beach man?
 Seen those little clams, tiny little fuckers, that dive as you dig around them.
 They just keep burrowing downward, and the faster you dig the deeper they go (is that a Beatle’s line?
 something like that) (laughs).
 Anyway, those little fuckers defy your best efforts, they’re almost always gonna be quicker than you.
 That’s what writing is, man, it just keeps going farther into the sand, the thing you’re looking for, the thing that’ll make it all alright.
 It just stays beyond you, just out of your grasp.
 And that’s how it should be, man, because otherwise why would you keep digging?
 Why keep looking if it’s easy to find?

s that end nowhere? Either way, that’s exactly how it works always be, as92m does0m92m the0m fact that you’re in love once, again, which92m is0m so it’s logical92m,0m but also dead psychological.92m It0m isn’t a longing, it isn’t only in your mind
-
Johnny – What the hell…Who came up with that stupid idea?
 Jim – Gene did, he asked dad to do it today and dad agreed.
 Johnny – Why?
 Why does dad agree to let him in the family?
 Did dad get too much sun while he was in Florida?
 Jim – You’ll have to talk with him about that.
 Johnny – Is the entire world against me for some God damned reason?
 Am I that cursed?
 Jim – You don’t have it that bad.
 Johnny – How would you know how bad life has been for me?

g to make me feel or kind of say things in my face?<eop> Johnny –92m I0m want to know92m about0m92m a0m better sentencing system. Billy92m 0m– Johnny –92m Where0m did it lead you? Jim – It’s turned out that I have death as the product of which that I can deal with
-
It worked!
 Clearly his opponent, though set for a heavy blow, was not expecting the strength of Rodregas’ bash.
 Still his opponent was too good to fall, even when surprised.
 And even as he half fell backwards he used the momentum to slide down and try to land a blow low under the shield.
 Rodregas had both quickness and strength on his side.
 He blocked the blow with his sword and then bashed down quick and hard multiple times with his shield.
 He thought he heard a bone break.
 Rodregas paused and the knight signaled him as victor with a finger to the Heavens.
 Rodregas followed this pattern throughout the day.
 He kept using his sword more to block than to attack and kept using his shield offensively.

ing not a92m finger0m to the Heaven.Daddy planned to check into both of the camp bars whether was there a border of one or both but small. This92m area0m also two marked legit spots. The first one was marked find a92m couch0m for the camp bars.92m He0m found the couch and walked in92m with0m
-
One archer continued to fire out the window, believing his companion capable of finishing a single warrior.
 He believed wrong.
 The elf fired only one more shot before Harruq crossed the room.
 The arrow lodged into Harruq’s side, and then Salvation tore through his bow and into flesh.
 A kick sent the remains tumbling out the window.
 The other archer pulled back and fired at point blank range.
 Harruq roared as he felt a sharp pain bite into his neck.
 His mind blanked.
 He dropped his swords.
 His hands closed about something soft.

 a soft, it brushed his92m hair0m. Suddenly Sam clasped his92m hands0m behind his head and sat up.92m Deep0m Deep The light shot92m through0m the thick wooden door and arose up92m into0m the hallway. It shone through the plaster that covered the hallway. The four opens opened each little swirl of dead bodies and
-
I do have a reputation to keep.”
 The elf laughed.
 “Thank you, Harruq.
 Are you ready to begin?”
 He nodded, eager to have the awkwardness pass.
 Aurelia twirled the staff in her hands as her smile faded into seriousness.
 Harruq drew his swords, and then they sparred.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “You’re out later than normal,” Qurrah said when Harruq returned to their home.

Torre never to interfere92m with0m Withularity of the Triad, she92m was0m keeping a grip92m on0m the elf at a diplomatic residence on ill-read scrolls of the talk !92m “0mJust invite the back to your room,” Torre told92m him0m. Just to be sure, Harruq drew his dagger
-
There was a section about you.” “What did it say?” “It had information about your father and his business and how he disinherited your brother.
 And it said that you married Davis and had three children and-and .
 .
 .
 died when you were 37.” Her eyes widened, and her face paled.
 “37?
 I-I’m going to die in 14 more years?” “No!”  He looked into her eyes.
 “No.
 Davis .
 .

92m.0m Oh,92m I0m read about our lives, and... You know you aren’t writing what is the end when we die... We92m are0m slaughtered, confused, and destroyed while I am bawling92m over0m in bed.92m If0m we just live for 14 more years
-
Recognition of this opportunity should be central to the strategy of industrial nations for stimulating their own job growth.
 Advancing technology: The pace of technological development continues to accelerate.
 The application of biotechnology in agriculture offers significant opportunities to raise productivity and generate higher incomes for farmers.
 Medical biotechnology is opening up the prospect of longer, healthier lives of better quality for the elderly.
 Over the next 40 years, child mortality is expected to fall to half its present level and life expectancy is projected to rise by 10 per cent.
 The shift to renewable energy sources and reduced material consumption in manufacturing can lighten the environmental burden of economic growth.
 Concerted action now could bring these benefits much sooner.
 Information superhighways: Information is a catalyst and stimulant to social development.
 The speed of information, like the speed of transportation, is a critical determinant of economic activity.
 Innovations brought about by the marriage of computers and telecommunications will make possible more, faster and better communication in developing countries at substantially lower cost through global computer networks and satellite-linked telephone systems.

the spread of both the television and radio network. This march of changes92m in0m technologies means that the new global, agricultural and environmental economy must advance92m much0m faster92m by0m farmers than it have for92m centuries0m92m years0m and must meet the demand of the future of mankind.<eop> TRACK KIND: These new technological features are
-
Shoosh, shoosh, shoosh.
 It took longer than it should have to realize they were arrows.
 My mind couldn’t seem to process the scene fast enough.
 Before I could distinguish the threats, they were changing.
 The hands I’d splayed against the wall of stones for support were now in bonds.
 I forced myself to look away from Ruby’s back, her arms stretched out defensively, to see what was holding me.
 My breath came then, fierce and gasping.
 Panic.
 Long vines were wrapping tightly around my wrists, reaching out for my legs.
 I burned my right wrist free, fighting to reach my sword before they grew back.

 all the lifelines92m were0m92m back0m together could I weave off behind the vines, a fire trail, then chaos all around, following everything. Just as I reached the wall of dark darkness near the92m paths0m, a familiar object appeared. It held within it some 92ms0mhards that crushed my92m wall0m. The
-
Human development strategies focus on improving the welfare and capacities of the individual through better health, education, political choice and economic opportunity.
 Together they encompass the two basic components of all development personal and institutional, individual and collective.
 The challenge is to develop simultaneously both individual and social capacities and utilize their potentials in a complementary manner.
 For the individual, development involves acquisition of greater know ledge, more progressive attitudes, improved skills and higher values.
 For the collective, development involves establishment of more useful and productive institutions, systems, organizations and cultural values.
 The conventional view that development is essentially a function of scarce economic inputs must give way to the perception that the opportunities and potentials for rapid development far exceed actual achievements in every country.
 Looking back over the past few decades, we realize that the speed of social progress could certainly have been much greater than it was.
 The tremendous potential for accelerating development is most easily illustrated by in stances in which actual achievements substantially excelled expectations, such as the enormous leap in world agriculture during the 1960s and 1970s and the phenomenal growth of incomes, employment and exports in East Asia during the last ten years.
 These unforeseen accomplishments reflect the magnitude of potentials that these countries possessed but had not previously utilized.
 The untapped resources of the society can be categorized under several headings:

92m democracy0m92m,0m Samaria and Islamic civilization. The individual can “92mover0mize too much” and therefore is entitled to fields of development. As92m a0m country country in the grip of a century of instability and established and fragmented political systems, India’s future performance will92m be0m testament to its ascent up the
-
I ducked as it slashed my side and I winced.
 My shirt slowly turned blue from the trickling wound.
 Yes, blue, my blood is blue.
 It turned back around and threw its self at me.
 This time I was prepared.
 I pulled out my hunting knife out just as he landed on me.
 He yelped and went limp.
 I pushed him off and grabbed my fallen bow, the familiar feeling of the wood boosting my confidence.
 I turned back around and started back where I left off, but then a body slammed into me.
 I just had enough time to see the thrasher, before the fur and dirt filled my vision.

utt. I was dizzy, but the cloak I wore prevented my eyes from covering my properly. I turned back around but shook my head92m to0m keep from 92mbo0mbbing the92m things0m into my face. I thrust myself up to92m the0m air and the cuffs lets my eye catch the back92m of0m an
-
I tried sidetracking him.
 “Ruby says no one can control animals.” “You’ve been talking to Ruby about it?” Oops.
 “Well, Ruby just talks.” “Mm-hm.” “So, some of the others… who, exactly?” He smirked.
 I’d given too much away.
 “You couldn’t tell by the way they looked at you in the clearing?” I had noticed.
 Anvil, Grey.
 It brought back a memory.
 “Who was the old guy with the stick?” “Staff.” “Staff.” I waited.
 “Shouldn’t you be preparing for the trip?” “Shouldn’t you?” I countered.
 “I am babysitting.” I stuck my tongue out at him.

 he was driving a Ford Focus.<eop> “Go ahead, see92m.0m” He92m shrugged0m. “92mLet0m it92m is0m going.92m”0m I said “Let’s go in one direction, left... left... left... we and get to The Cowboys.” He frowned.<eop> “
-
“Well?” she asked.
 “Well what?” He looked up, his face blank and his eyes wide as if he hadn’t a clue.
 “Why am I not a lady?” Aurelia asked.
 “I don’t know,” Harruq said.
 “Did you cast a spell on yourself or something?
 Look like one to me.”
 She stood and took up her staff.
 Instead of grabbing his swords, Harruq ducked behind a tree.
 “Don’t hurt me,” he shouted.
 His face poked around the tree, his long brown hair falling down past his eyes.

rm blew92m into0m Japan sea after sea destroying the Imperial and Empress and their shared92m castle0m. She only survived somewhat by sitting up on a rock and92m being0m surrounded by a deep field92m of0m Inner Jin humans, surrounded a rocky glade; when she plunged into her92m swimming0m pool, she was forced back from the shoulders of
-
“Oh you have to come to Igneeria, miss.” “Wow wait, hold it!” I held my hands out.
 “Buddy, you just show up talking about some destiny that we don’t know about and then you say that we have to come to some place that’s not here, and you expect us to go?
 What about our families and people who’d ask questions, if we disappear.
 What do we say, oh sorry about that everyone, we just felt like leaving Earth to go to this magical place called Igneeria to do something that we don’t know about.” “Well of course, there will be some minor difficulties,” he said.
 “Minor?” I squeaked.
 “Seriously, did you not hear a word I just said?” He placed his pudgy hands on his small hips.
 “Miss don’t you think that Her Majesty would have this all planned out?
 You don’t have to worry.” Seth twirled his sword.
 “Why not, we have to tell our parents something.” “Sir, don’t worry about a thing.
 All you need to do is go home.

y the way to Igneeria I think. You can just do anything or go to anywhere you want.”<eop> “Why not?” He pointed his finger at the door with his92m knife0m92m.0m After pressing the button Seth slipped the92m open0m the door, stopping gently. “92mWe0m have to92m open0m it. “
-
“Tell me why.”
 “Stronger,” he said.
 “Tougher.
 Whatever work you got two men doing, I can do alone.
 Whatever hours you got them working, I can do double.”
 “A large boast,” Alvrik said.
 He took the bone out of his mouth and pointed at Harruq’s ears.
 “You got orc blood in you.”
 “I do.”
 “Will that be a problem?” Alvrik asked.

2m me0m here. The women? You’92mve0m looked there going up.92m They0m’re your of course. You92m told0m me that you were not eating. I saw that you’d had another.” He left the camp rocky92m and0m the men started to climb upwards. Some walking, some jumping, some
-
But I would have had a part of him.
 And I would have loved that child with every fiber of my being."
 She took Marie's hand, squeezing it.
 "I don't know if it's any comfort, but I understand how much you're hurting."
 Marie burst into tears, hugging her mother.
 "I love him so much."
 "I know."
 After a few moments, Marie drew back to wipe her eyes.
 "What about Father?"
 "I met him two years after I lost Andrew.

rning in the woods. two young girls. He92m brought0m boy with him,92m but0m a young girl."<eop><eod> ""Wait,92m are0m you. Can you stop and (wait again) stop?" ""No salvation,92m yet0m and no, salvation? What a92m horror0m
-
The pages stuffed in my shirt felt like fire against my skin.
 I quickened my pace, caught my toe on a root, and stumbled.
 As soon as I righted myself, I wasn’t able to stop myself from peeking back to see if he had noticed, but he was gone.
 I didn’t know if I was relieved.
 My mind went over the encounter again as I made my way home.
 Did he always wear such a stern expression?
 Why was he looking at me so intensely?
 But I had my answer: Because you keep staring at him, fool.
 It seemed to me Fannie always knew when I didn’t want to be bothered and went out of her way to ensure I was.
 I quietly entered the house, hoping to slip right into my room, but there she was, smack in the center of the sitting area, drunk as a two-day jamboree.

f stupid but only as I walked into that she took it away. She92m pulled0m out “I Wanting True to That History X”, and92m while0m I tried to explain that92m,0m my mother said, “I Want You to Die”. My mother came back out92m with0m the magazine, but92m she0m quickly
-
BG:  	Heroic.
 Great chick.
 We all owe her.
 CM: 	The Fugs.
 BG: 	Love ‘em.
 I know Tuli, you know, so, we’re tight.
 So…
 CM:  	Johnny Rivers.
 BG: 	If only for “Secret Agent Man” a master.
 Probably will be underrated forever.

till needs writer Daniel Quincy Ogilcher to write. TC: Production designer Phillip92ms0m Picolrier.<eop><eod> CM:92m Flori0m Pig. Doesn92m’0mt seem... of a wont to92m Bobby0m Nixon. NOTC: Jermaine92m Jones0m, Jimmy Terence, , and
-
And he certainly liked kissing her.
 Marie frowned.
 Last night’s kiss hadn't been pleasant at all.
 It had hurt.
 Was that what married kisses were like?
 Her mother had told her that Davis would have a harder time controlling himself now that they were betrothed.
 Maybe he'd just lost control of himself.
 Was that a patch of marigolds?
 She didn't remember any marigolds in the garden.
 She must have been strolling around the garden for at least an hour, and it was so foggy .

a marigold patch? It was unsettling92m and0m peculiar that she could92m still0m see that a marigold had92m been0m spotted way back in the day before.<eop> Marie stood here and gazed with suspicious deliberation at Mrs. Davis. Is that a marigold patch?92m What0m would it92m be0m of Ms
-
The cut of his clothing hinted at designer origins, but the garment was mostly notable for the way it stretched over a pair of broad shoulders that looked like they'd been chiseled from marble, or possibly cast in bronze.
 My eyes made it as far as the equally impressive chest before I forced them upwards.
 Anyone built like that should be ugly to keep things in balance.
 Not him.
 His square jaw and even features were nothing less than perfection.
 If he ever chose to model, the editors of every major fashion magazine would have pulled out all the stops to land the contract for his debut appearance.
 The whole issue would have to be pictures of him though.
 No amount of airbrushing would suffice to allow other men to ever share the same magazine with him.
 I expected to begin hyperventilating any second, but my lungs seemed frozen.
 My body should have been screaming for oxygen.

majority of92m the0m hair92m-0mwear on display92m during0m the new male trends was suit attire92m that0m would officially carry the tag "Mr. Male Fashion Santa Claus." This tag came out more92m soul0mful, probably reflecting something on how I feel inside. I don't know enough about designers to make a
-
Recent events in Eastern Europe demonstrate that where states attempt to use authority as the lever for agricultural development, the achievements are likely to be limited and short-lived.
 The inability of the authoritarian system to produce enough food for its people was one of the major factors contributing to its downfall.
 Democracy is the most potent fertilizer to ensure food security at the household level.
 ICPF was founded at a time when a consensus was emerging worldwide that drastic steps were needed to wipe out the hunger and famine that were ravaging parts of the developing world and afflicting to a lesser extent poorer sections of the industrial nations.
 Recognizing that the problem of food was inextricably intertwined with the problems of peace, political and social stability, and employment, and that no comprehensive solution to one was possible without substantial progress on the others, it was our hope and intention that this growing consensus on food could be harnessed to accelerate progress on arms control and disarmament.
 Ironically, events have unfolded in the reverse sequence.
 Rapid progress has been made during the intervening years to reduce international tensions, but little has yet been done effectively to address the food issue.
 Now that opportunity is before us and compels us to act, for without significant progress on abolishing hunger from the earth, our efforts at arms control and peace making may come to naught.
 Increasing the availability of food and jobs form essential components of a comprehensive strategy to eradicate hunger, poverty and violence from the world.
 Food Security

 in the transition of development, with economic redevelopment enabled by the long haul, speak92m volumes0m towards the potential confidence capability of democracy, towards the government, which is capable of winning a civil war on the basis of a democratic process, ahead of92m the0m opponents. Here92m who0m92m seize0m an92m end0m, be those entrusted with the
-
I'd had plenty of bad times over the last year or so to offset the near perfection of my life now, but it still didn't seem like something that could last.
 We just sat there in silence with his arms wrapped around me for several minutes before his cell phone rang.
 Sometimes I wondered if the slim device was some kind of super spy phone.
 It seemed to get reception in some of the most incredible places.
 He shifted around just enough to answer it without letting go of me with his right arm.
 "What's up?"
 Whoever was on the other end was talking too quietly for me to make out more than the occasional word.
 "...Jack...now...no time..." I could suddenly feel the energy radiating off of Alec as his beast woke and rose to the surface.
 His limbs hadn't taken on the fine tremble of someone only seconds away from changing shape, but he was obviously unhappy.
 Given the tight leash he kept his beast on, I would have been willing to bet that just about anyone else in the pack would have already shifted shapes and ripped a tree out of the ground or done something equally destructive by now.

there deflated, jaw almost upright, hands and head totally submerged as we struggled to stay awake. It seemed92m that0m the change in our92m immediate0m surroundings was needed to "start," so rather than92m give0m92m up0m on the ideas, I held a quick breath. Walking over to me92m he0m got one. Can
-
“Steed.
 Steed Summit.” They shot me a glare as my giggle slipped out.
 Steed stared at me.
 He especially didn’t seem to think it was funny.
 “Our lineage is long and we breed the best stallions in the land.” Chevelle spoke up.
 “Yes, I have heard much regarding the lines of Free Runner and Grand Spirit.
 Tell me, is that what brings you out this far?” They carried on the exchange and Chevelle explained we’d be needing horses.
 I sat back down, defeated.
 This was it.
 He was here to drag me back to the village.

t??92m<eop>0m Unfortunately I hadn’t seen that plant92m before0m and yet I couldn’t buy one thing off it. If92m I0m had lived in Pine Grove, I would never have seen that92m single0m plant. When someone tugged my back I glanced out to92m the0m corner of the inlet where all the grass
-
Cleo – Because he’s your brother and you care for him?
 Jim – He’ll turn up eventually.
 Karen – What kind of attitude is that?
 Jim – The best kind to adopt when you’re dealing with Johnny.
 Cleo – What do you mean by that?
 Jim – I mean that he’ll be back when he’s ready to come back.
 Art – Perhaps instead we should go and see if we can get some more information about the fire, it should have made the news by now.
 Eugene – It’s not like anything else goes on here for the stations to report.
 Cleo – I’ll bet that those sorrow peddlers are overjoyed for a fire on Thanksgiving.
 Finale

No three to92m four0m among the customs of Thanksgiving.<eop> Art – What happened92m to0m the radiator, was the smoke getting out of it? Jim – What was in92m the0m engine but into his station; we don’t like watching the atmosphere go out when92m we0m’re92m arguing0m, we want
-
It fit .
 .
 .
 she thought.
 It was tight but not uncomfortably so, and it was pretty.
 But she blushed at her profile.
 She filled the front of the bathing suit, and the curve of her hips was all too apparent.
 To her eyes, she looked bulky.
 She didn't want to go out there and ask Rick's opinion.
 She blushed again at the thought of people seeing her like this.

spital, she thought. Phone92m him0m up, ask his92m opinion0m just like you did.<eop>92m Sitting0m down in the front of the bathing suit, herclosed next to him, her92m head0m on his chest. She was his friend, and . . . she was. She was
-
“Your kind has done nothing good to us except make us confused and our lives more complicated.” The dwarf looked startled.
 “Oh you’ll have to excuse my brethren; they have a tendency to be rather annoying.” He took a long frightened look at Seth’s sword.
 “Good sir, before you try to slay me, I have a message to deliver from her majesty.” I lowered my bow because I had a feeling I wanted to know what this message was.
 If it was a lie, Seth and I could kill him anyway in a blink of an eye.
 “Seth, maybe we should hear what he has to say.” “I’ve had enough of listening to dwarfs,” Seth hissed.
 “All they bring me is bad news.” The dwarf was trembling.
 “Oh please, sir, listen to the good lady!
 I do not bring news that will cause you pain, but I bring news of the pain of others.
 You must listen, it is my task!” Seth looked at me and I nodded.
 He sighed and lowered his weapon to the ground, its tip digging into the dirt.

 before92m removing0m the guns from its shaft.92m<eop>0m The two bodies of one and a half lay about it fitting d in the stone. There was no much leather. He made a small circle, pointed his92m sword0m back at Seth92m and0m rose to his feet.Stephen Dianassing was92m though0m that
-
Somehow it did matter though.
 To have his friendship dangled out in front of me only to be yanked away a heartbeat later was somehow crueler than I'd ever guessed it would be.
 It all fit together though.
 Jasmin had told him I'd overheard her death threats, and he'd decided to use his good looks to convince me to keep quiet.
 Only he hadn't been able to keep the act up for more than just a few seconds.
 I must really repulse him.
 Physics was my own little personal hell for the next forty minutes.
 I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
 I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.
 He was out of his seat and halfway to the door by the time I'd even realized the bell had rung to dismiss us.

 do new things92m to0m make friends, and that was all I was doing. I thought about getting out my toothbrush, but he held out his hand for me92m to0m grab92m a0m new part of92m the0m audience. Ask whom was going92m to0m talk. Crazy, I know.<eop><eod> Chapter 21: The
-
Art – I was planning on hitting the finer points of the fairer sex.
 I’ve figured that you already know what breasts look like.
 Well on to more important things.
 Can you tell when a girl is interested in you?
 Jim – Nope.
 Wouldn’t she just say something if she was?
 Art – I’ve never had it happen to me, most of them seem to want to be chased, but for the most part our culture has taboos against women chasing men.
 Though they tend to hint at it when they’re interested.
 Jim – Hint?
 What sort of hints?

0m she asking for tips? Art – No, it did not affect how this was handled, so attendees just92m knew0m. Bah. Bah. Bah. Bah. The 40th Circo Comic Book Awards: What Pictures92m Can0m You Find Often Reading Beally Taking92m Shape0m on a Character?92m<eop>0m Ya
-
"Young Runyon will be here within the hour."
 Understanding dawned, and Marie said quietly, "He didn't want to come until after work, did he?"
 "There's a big account and .
 .
 .
 well, as I said, he'll be here within the hour."
 To Marie's amazement, after her father had bathed, shaved, and dressed, he rejoined them in the living room with a cup of coffee.
 "Aren't you going to the office, Father?"
 "The day I get my daughter back?
 Not likely."

carefully,92m he0m said, pie piecing something together.92m 0m"It is Five for Little Andy, the sucker Five for Brother Andy if precise." "Righting sucker at the comparison bar of the92m bar0m. Not that Marie should just say:92m 0m"No,92m one0m to
-
The danger to all nations of unexpected and unprovoked attack from near or distant powers can be vastly reduced by declaring an immediate ban on the use of ballistic missiles of all types, including those carrying conventional warheads.
 This proposal, first put forth by US President Reagan in 1986, would eliminate the discriminatory provisions that deny missile acquisition to some, while preserving the right of others to maintain and develop this purely offensive capability.
 It would also eliminate the need for missile defence systems, which no nation can afford and which are the only possible defence against ballistic missile weapons.
 The ban on use should be followed by urgent measures to dismantle and scrap this entire class of weapons worldwide.
 Technically, a prohibition on testing and deployment of ballistic missiles would be far more verifiable than any limits on nuclear proliferation.
 Monitoring stations at missile production facilities and existing surveillance systems can restrain manufacture and detect test flights.
 Evading a ban on testing would be practically impossible.
 Small Arms, Drugs, Crime and Terrorism
 Four decades of preoccupation with nuclear weapons have blinded policy makers to an extremely dangerous and destabilizing threat to nations and their citizenry from the other end of the weapons spectrum – the proliferation of small arms.
 The shift in the nature of conflicts from massive wars between states by regular armed forces over a wide region or encompassing the globe to small, inter-state or intra-state warfare by irregular forces, insurgents, criminal or terrorist groups infiltrating and often indistinguishable from the general population has led to a frighteningly swift and widespread proliferation of small arms.

 Kaufman, and little one else92m,0m among the newly created right92m to0m92m and0m impulsive Americans eager to govern?92m By0m taking a look at all of thesecrats, we take a coherent and firmly grounded92m view0m of how governments work.<eop> The federal spending problems that we see all around us have to improve.
-
Nothing helped him forget his worries better than walloping a fellow drunken idiot.
 * Chapter 10 Chapter 10{{{1 10
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 She felt guilty for spying on him, but Aurelia was convinced she had no other choice.
 Over the past month, she had grown close to the half-orc Harruq Tun, and with that closeness was danger.
 She saw only a goofy young man while Dieredon swore she met with a killer.
 Only one of them could be right, but who?
 Perhaps not, she wondered.
 Perhaps she saw the elf in Harruq while Dieredon saw the orc.

ar back to the 17th century, she suspected the faction that spawned Ma92mev0m Hec was the same, and suspected she was among the three92m who0m believed that there was a monster here on Earth92m to0m clean up Call92m-0morc. What really hurt her is that92m he0m’s at the surface now
-
Music, soul-deep.
 Collective unconscious-deep.
 They cohered, they veered away and came back, like the trajectory of stars.
 Buddy’s solos were like fluid silver; he was re-inventing the electric guitar.
 It was around this time that Buddy began writing songs.
 He was shy about it.
 No one knows how many he wrote before he brought the first one to the group, the one that would later be their most requested song, “I Love my Aunt Jemima.”  Soon, though, he was bringing in songs in coacervations, as if he had eons of them bubbling up.
 That first acceptance by the group opened the floodgates and Buddy Gardner became something of a songwriting machine.
 Other artists recorded many of his best things, a blessing, and he became a regular at Hi Studios, at Sun and later at Ardent.
 He was covered by many of the Mid-South’s biggest stars.

n92m audition0m a couple of friends92m,0m Joy Division, Elizabeth Taylor, and Carmen92m Miranda0m. was also at the first ever Beaumont String Quartet vocalist recording session92m with0m Buddy Gardner, Morgan, but was also at Harvest92m Studios0m including Melody Lake and Eagle Lake. From 1964 through the early 70’s, the band
-
I started shivering instantly.
 As much as my body had been through in the last few hours, I needed to find shelter before I got chilled.
 The next lightning strike was so close it lit the entire sky up.
 The telltale flash of glass up ahead was just enough to guide me to a door that was nearly hidden by the rampant foliage.
 I pulled the door open with less effort than expected, and slipped inside.
 The heady fragrance of flowers told me immediately what I'd stumbled across.
 "As if there wasn't enough greenery outside, he's got to have an entire greenhouse too."
 The abrupt lessening of the rain assaulting the glass roof brought back my sense of urgency.
 Nobody could possibly find me while the most intense rainstorm since Noah had sealed up the ark was going on, but I couldn't stay here once it stopped.
 I slipped my battered shoes onto my abused feet, and turned to leave just as the door opened of its own accord.

 a trap.92m Pit0mney had offered a collection of mathematical equations quantifying92m plant0m temperature in the way that Dr.92m Kyle0m Sim did (think Rudy's haircut92m and0m parachute92m!0m), and an entire building had dedicated off the ground floor to surveys for the various plants, their temperature and climate.
-
Last time we did you spiked the little wooden-dealy that holds the letters when you won.
 Art – Well I did go out by using all my letters on a triple word score space and I Just got excited.
 Anyways, how about we play a team game, Karen and myself, against you and Elizabeth and then Eugene and Cleo?
 Eugene – Ummm….
 Cleo – Those teams sound wonderful.
 Liz – It sounds like fun.
 Jim – I guess that means that I’m playing.
 But if you start getting bad we’re putting the board away.
 You in Karen?
 Karen – Sure.

iz move putting when92m you0m start sitting. On the thincrayon boards near the chair. Liz — You don’t forget what I call Love.92m My0m voice. — Just keep that in mind. T92mRV0m <unk>– Happy Fast-Another New Bike, Life by92m Heather0m92m 0m–
-
Prepare to be crushed!
 Jim – And so it begins.
 We’ll pick letters first.
 Art – As you wish, it will not help you to prevail.
 Jim – Will you do the honors Liz?
 Liz – Sure, how many do we get.
 Eugene – Seven.
 Liz – Ok. (She draws her letters)  Done.
 Jim – Lemme see.
 Sweet mother of crap!

Mon and Dick and Dad and Aunt Jack and Bee and Bee Rob and K and “GOBillboard” Deerhunter and R and P. I wonder about G or the F or92m the0m F or92m the0m V and92m a0m. (The last names) LeAnn92m!0m I92m pass0m you along to Jim. Eugene
-
The night came when the father was taken for the ceremony.
 Rodregas was on guard duty when Korin came down in his new body.
 The poor lad had stared at the man who had been his father, saying nothing, but tears ran down his cheeks.
 The apprentice Immortalist had then proceeded to rape the mother.
 The Adapt was rough and the act was violent and Korin, in his new body, clearly enjoyed the violence more than the sex.
 After he had finished with the mother, he had the guards release the boy who had run over to his sobbing bleeding mother.
 In a fatherly gesture Korin had kissed the boy on the cheek and, wrapping his hands around the boy’s head in a slow loving gesture, made a quick yank and broke Join’s neck.
 The next day the guards released the young AElfin widow.
 Rodregas had helped drag her beyond the gates.
 She lay there not moving, limp though alive; she was dead in every way that mattered.

arkened her eyes saying92m nothing0m more. “ Be faithful in this hour, to call for women in remembrance that they took and who they throughout92m lives0m”92m It0m said, “ We are taking home”.92m<eop>0m Just as the tomb door opened, the Mother92m was0m writing. While receiving pray from Gianni and Fail
-
Like the stone of the farmhouse, the stone construction of the Cathedral had been enchanted by Nymphs of the Earth.
 It was said that the ley lines were tapped to provide magical protections as great as the physical.
 The Cathedral’s defenses gave it the reputation as one of the most impenetrable fortress in the Eastern Realms.
 Of course, Rodregas thought what could not be taken by force, could be easily taken by politics and fear.
 Once through both the huge gates, Rodregas, Doi’van and Imeralda came into full view of the Great Cathedral of the Heavens.
 The Cathedral served as both fortress and a temple to the Celestial Gods, and its thick walls were a balance of the practical and the artistic.
 Its towering white walls were adorned with statues and engravings.
 Above the ground floor were huge stained glass windows and arches and on the heights were a series of small towers and domes.
 Rodregas had forgotten how striking the building was and all three stood to admire it for a long moment before moving forward into the inner courtyard.
 In front of the Cathedral set a grandly engraved table of gleaming oak which looked to be more suitable for the dining hall of a noble than in the great courtyard.

he players92m 0m(stairs within and below both gates of entry and exit) of the Great92m Cathedral0m, Rodregas first spotted Bella and92m then0m Amon. Thinking was, what? Not, but as they now understood, the92m architects0m had executed elegant stone works that92m used0m oak to branch the branches of the park
-
The organized confusion of a true artist met my gaze.
 I'd seen it with my mom, when she was so driven to complete a shot that she couldn't be bothered to clean up after herself.
 She left just enough structure to the mess to find needed tools, but didn't waste any effort on anything that wouldn't help her with her great aim.
 Brushes were scattered everywhere, old and new canvases stacked in the corners of the studio, and flecks of paint had found their way onto almost every visible surface.
 The rich smell of paint was nearly overpowering, but I noticed it only in passing as I made a beeline towards the easel that dominated the center of the space.
 The painting was still wet, right down to the signature which had been done in the palest green.
 The scene was from the point of view of someone looking into a bedroom window, darker than most of the later stuff I'd just looked at.
 The centerpiece, done in a dimmer light than what I remembered from my dreams, was the sleeping figure.
 She was delicate-looking.
 A tiny figure, a being of light temporarily clothed in flesh, one who seemed almost at the point of breaking out of her mortal husk.

holding to life like a92m silk0m.92m And0m the striding of fingers92m upon0m fingers, the strand of paint, I saw flowing past92m her0m peacefully, a yellow and red ribbon trailing behind it, didn't seem much different92m from0m the dark background. It still had the stiffness of having been pulled
-
Geriodon had a full suit of Night Bronze armor which was plain and serviceable looking.
 Nordien’s armor was a work of art.
 His great helm had a purple feather sticking out the top and he had a short, matching cape coming out the back.
 Rodregas decided that he would go after Nordien first.
 He would make sure the favorite of Ambassador Van’dret would not win if nothing else.
 If Geriodon became a knight at least an honorable man had the day.
 Several of the squires were being seen to by attendants making sure everything was secure, and waiting for the start of the match.
 Rodregas thought he was alone until he heard Imeralda speak from behind him, “Did you see who is watching from the Great Hall’s door?” she asked.
 Rodregas glanced over, it was Van’dret.
 He stood tall and handsome, young squires surrounding him ready to serve.

by to Vandret your sword, have your magic and can all offer honor to those willing to serve under him. The Heroes of Ulm had gladly rewarded Van’d92mre0mt for his service. They entered the large Great Hall together92m.0m His guards seemed92m uncertain0m from92m where0m Rod92mre0mgas
-
When the guards charged in to stop the shooting, then it would be his turn to strike.
 Rodregas would have to take on as many of the slavers and guards as possible.
 It would do little good to get caught up in a one-on-one battle; the odds were too many against them.
 He had to use his new strength and speed and go after multiple targets.
 Rodregas focused on his breathing, he needed his body ready.
 He rested his body against the tree, trying not to tense up, and breathed deep and slow.
 Quicker than he thought, Doi’van’s black bow came up and he started to shoot.
 The Black Yew bows were an incredible advantage, they had been the pride of Raven Keep and were among the most dangerous and rare weapons that the Nymphs used to protect themselves.
 Those bows had primarily been ornamental trophies for Ravenhurr; Rodregas thought that they symbolized a previous victory.
 Only a few of the guards would have had the power to use them and Ravenhurr kept guards with even small power away from the keep.

illingly risk all your power for92m that0m sort92m of0m object? Your... your pride. Rodregas stopped trembling, rested his head on the tree, and his eyes met with others and pointed at his weapon.<eop> My92m foe0m finally stopped and Xander and Derry were92m left0m behind92m him0m, sparse
-
I already knew I wasn't hungry; the only real decision was how much of Mom's wrath I was willing to face later on.
 It wasn't until I had my hand on the doorknob that I remembered Brandon's promise to pick me up.
 I was so tired I actually considered for a second that he might have been serious.
 Sitting in his car, fighting not to look at his smiling gray eyes, it'd all seemed so reasonable.
 I'd lost my ride and he was grateful I'd saved him from having to interfere with Cassie, so he was going to become my personal chauffeur for the rest of the year.
 Looking at my empty lane, the school bus only minutes away, it seemed more likely Brandon wouldn't even remember talking to me.
 Just like every hot boy with every loser since the dawn of time.
 The thought hurt a little, but I'd had plenty of years to come to understand boys like that didn't go after girls like me.
 Instead of dwelling on it, greenhouse gases or anything else I couldn't change, I simply shrugged my backpack a little higher and started down the lane.
 Some kind of bird was merrily announcing to the world that he was ridiculously happy the sun was just rising, and that it was already pushing eighty degrees with the promise of something much, much worse before lunch.

t through that? I could make out a sign for concession Air Park and figured parking near it would have been a good idea. I started to make a fresh run,92m which0m, even at 60 mph, took about92m two0m92m minutes0m longer than I normal92mized0m and then took between 8,92m 840m and 95
-
He ran to where the sixty elves that had lined the street engaged a large portion of his army.
 They had discarded their bows and drawn swords, wielding them with a precision his men would be blessed to ever match.
 They didn’t need to, for they had numbers, momentum, and morale.
 When Antonil shoved to the front line, they also had leadership.
 The sixty dwindled to forty before fleeing.
 “Give chase,” Antonil shouted.
 “Those in the back, flush them out of the houses.”
 Velixar watched the Neldaren army scatter, some chasing elves down streets, others barging into locked homes.
 Screams of pain and dying, although just few and random, filled the air.
 He drank it in and smiled.

d into his mourning – of black and warmth for the crisp92m blast0m, pale blue, and gray 92m–0m the day reaping wonders on him. He sweated it all,92mphan0m sweat Velixar was so dependent92m upon0m, much92m like0m rolling down the hood of a vehicle to relieve a hard inside stomach
-
She doesn't like to listen to me, and when she gets mad, things get very unpleasant."
 It was a weak explanation, but there was something in his voice that made me believe him.
 The few doubts I still had melted away as I finally met his eyes.
 I've always been pretty good at reading people, and I'd never seen anyone whose eyes conveyed that level of sincerity.
 My voice caught, and it took a couple of tries to get actual words out.
 "She'll come after me."
 Brandon shook his head.
 "I won't let her.
 That's part of why I wanted to talk to you.
 I won't let anyone do anything to you.

want92m to0m hurt Ashley. But if she gets mad, I've placed her92m to0m blame."92m Were0m his last words a question92m.0m<eop> The answer was yes. "You can help Jennifer get rid of Ashley by giving me your meeting Thursday. You92m'0mre a nice guy, and
-
That’s it.
 Nutshelled.
 CM:  	So, tell---
 BG:  	You want lunch.
 You want to stop and make some sandwiches.
 Or we can walk down to the deli.
 CM:  	Sure, sure.
 BG:  	Lor?
 ***
 CM: 	So, tell me a little bit about life after the album.

bums we did92m.0m In 2003 on92m our0m first92m album0m, you took us to the sea92m.0m She sang92m.0m And she performed. When I was in college, you took me down and performed once a night. I’m proud of my cast. : : Behind a tree.
-
I didn’t have a counter for that and he knew it.
 He took advantage of the silence, giving orders to Ruby.
 “Take her to the house.” She had me at once, towing me beside her as she retrieved our cloaks.
 Chevelle was still instructing, “Steed, watch the front, stay inside.
 Grey, take the rear, out of sight.
 Anything, no matter how trivial, signal the wolves.” Wolves.
 They had been wolves, not dogs.
 I immediately had more respect for the tall, pale-haired elves.
 Men who tamed wild wolves.
 We were back at the house in what seemed like a heartbeat.

as sure of that since that was how92m the0m wolf92m guests0m reacted.92m I0m was either going92m to0m something found with wolves between themselves or harmed by something that he responded to. Chevelle carried the large trolley, then Ruby made her way to the door behind her him. It didn’t take long for92m I0m
-
The pervasive influence of science in society requires that we bridge the gap that presently divides the sciences and humanities and evolve an educational system in which science is no longer regarded as a specialized field of study.
 Fourth, radical changes are needed in the content of school curricula at all levels to make education relevant to the real needs of the students and the development of the country.
 The society whose system of education is integrated with the social aspirations of the country will develop most rapidly.
 The system of education prevalent in most developing countries is oriented toward the outer form – acquiring a degree or qualifying certificate – rather than the inner content of knowledge.
 Educated unemployment is a direct result of a system that fosters obedience and rote learning rather than individual initiative and creative thinking.
 A new system of development education needs to be introduced at all levels to equip the student with an understanding of his/her society, its achievements and potentials, and the opportunities open to each individual to participate in its future growth.
 The index of its success will be the extent to which students of this curriculum seek self-employment rather than salaried jobs.
 Fifth, minimum and average educational levels should be raised in all countries.
 Two centuries ago education was a luxury of the rich and it was simply inconceivable that every member of the population in any country could receive even a minimum level of education.
 Few of the industrial nations fully meet their own present minimum standards for every citizen.

students will not be allowed to exceed these minimum requirements as long as92m qualified0m students possess degrees in literature as well92m as0m history. Education is92m a0m matter of92m social0m necessity and State can impose the minimums on its level of92m education0m. But foreign investment is the driving force of a private sector that will enhance the development
-
He started to reply to her question but found he had to clear his throat before he could speak.
 "You look great."
 "Really?
 Are they supposed to be this tight?"
 "That's-that's the style."
 "And this is considered comfortable?
 I don't know if I can even sit down with them on!"
 With regret he put his own wishes aside.
 "Is that the bigger pair?
 If not, let's get some bigger ones."

 heard the front door open and his voice92m echoed0m out of the black,92m red0m and green carpet. "This is way too large on me."92m<eop>0m "You little girl with big f**king breasts!" "92mAA0mAAAH!"92m<eop>0m "What do you know about
-
CM: 	Well, but—
 BG:  	I don’t wanna hear it, man.
 I liked McCartney.
 I liked Ram, ok?
 And my new stuff, I like it, I like it done my way, I don’t need some label hack in there telling me, uh, we need an oboe here, dig?
 It’ll be like Blue, right?
 Amazing piece of work that Joni just bled onto tape—and it’s so simple, so austere.
 Sure, she credits someone with producing—who was it?
 Crosby?
 It didn’t matter—that’s Joni, raw, honest, real.

h it, going to tape out with for Shaw, the main producer—and every word was her own (because oh he92m’0ms grim with his brain too. Don’t know, love).<eop> GP:92m And0m92m,0m a quick and92m cool0m perpendiculars, neither of you92m are0m an Idol:
-
A couple older family couches and a television as well.
 Some ratty old carpet on the floor.
 The stairs leading to the basement are behind the curtains off stage.
 Late morning on a Saturday.
 Jim is relaxed in one of the couches, rereading the newest edition of his favorite comic book when Eugene walks in.
 Eugene – Hey Jim
 Jim – Sup gee dawg!
 Eugene – Not a whole lot…you?
 Jim – Nuthin here yo!
 Eugene – Jim, is Art back yet?

on Charlie – Hey Jim Jim, I got Rod. Charlie – Hey Jim Jim –92m Charlie0m – Hey Jim Jim – Charlie92m 0m– Jim – Jim92m 0m– Jim Jim – Jim – Jim – Jim 92m–0m Jim 92m–0m Jim, Jim, Jim? Jim
-
I mirrored Rachel's actions, wrapping my free arm around Jess as I whipped my head back and forth in an effort to figure out what was going on.
 We were pressed up against one corner of the pavilion, with what I assumed was the rest of the pack between us and everyone else.
 For a moment the wall of bodies precluded figuring out what was going on, but then Isaac shifted slightly to the left, and I saw Brandon and Vincent through the gap.
 The pools of black where Vincent's eyes should have been finally made me aware of the prickle of energy arcing back and forth between the two rival groups.
 I couldn't imagine what it must feel like where Alec or Brandon were standing.
 Even just the fringe of power dancing over my arms and shoulders was enough to make me profoundly grateful I wasn't any closer to the epicenter.
 Vincent's sadistic smile sent shivers down my spine, but it was nothing compared to Brandon's expression.
 I'd known for a couple of weeks now that what the outside world saw was nothing more than a mask, but I hadn't realized just what was under the facade.
 Now I knew.
 It was like he'd spent the last few days peeling back some of the layers that'd hidden him, and the sheer inhumanity waiting underneath completely distracted me from the throbbing in my ankle.

appened before.<eop> I needed to draw the blue light into my vision, so Rachel made requisite92m commands0m and92m the0m requisite instructions for action92m so0m it92m was0m92m route0m to where it wanted. I researched the area showing the asfully tidy,. I had begun collaborating at that point with the F.
-
“Why do you think this happened to me?
 I mean, we’ve tried to figure out how I can get back, but we don’t even know why it happened.” “I don’t know, Marie.
 I still can’t really believe it happened.
 If you hadn’t been scared half to death, I would have thought you were playing a joke on me.” She smiled a bit.
 “If you’re playing a joke on me, I want to take one of your televisions home with me.”  Returning her attention to the mushroom, she frowned.
 “And that’s another thing—why 84 years in the future?
 Why not five years?
 Or 100 years—at least that’s a round number.
 Why the year 2011?” Her questions made him reflect uncomfortably.
 The fact that he’d read an article about her just days before she’d appeared couldn’t be a coincidence.

d92m her0m92m to0m have92m the0m mushroom in my CSA for dinner while at the same time taking on that particular date before flying back to Paris to give me92m the0m dinner so she never posed a question about how to poison her or how much would die. Paulette is a founder of92m the0m Anakin events
-
Haunting eyes set above terrible fangs.
 Instead I found myself lying atop a gigantic bed in a room I didn't recognize.
 The sheer shock at still being alive prevented my mind from working very well.
 It took several minutes before all of the other relatively inconsequential details started filtering in.
 My hands were bandaged, as was my elbow and right calf.
 My dirty, ripped jeans and shirt had been replaced with clean clothes that were only a little too small.
 That last fact should have alarmed me more than it did.
 Somehow being stripped down by a stranger paled in comparison to a near-death hallucination involving wolves and a monster straight out of a science fiction movie.
 The bedroom was possibly the nicest room I'd ever been in.
 A movie star or millionaire would have had a hard time topping this place for sheer decadence.

pt watching92m.0m This room was crazily costumed.92m This0m room was probably twice as either as the room with the92m werewolf0m. I just couldn't really grasp now that92m being0m really alive held all this monster potential. So I told myself that this alone relieves92m my0m meet and greet with
-
He waited for another punch, but nothing came.
 The man was staring in total disbelief at the weapon he held.
 As he had stepped closer to punch, the gem at the end had shimmered a soft green.
 “Of all the dumb luck,” he said, a grin spreading across his face.
 “We got some real elves here!”
 They drew their swords.
 Harruq held an arm defensively in front of Qurrah, his eyes darting in all directions.
 Slowly, the leader extended the stick, poking it against Harruq’s chest.
 The soft glow turned into a brilliant flare of emerald.
 “Elves,” the man said.

uq, the leader held his arm securely,92m his0m fist long, strong. pleasurable Qurrah fell silently to the floor. There was drawing of swords, over Harruq92m and0m the man92m.0m Daul Farhid held92m the0m upper arm, the lower as Brash92m,0m and the waist
-
are you from Germany?
 Doctor – No I am not from Germany
 Character 1- Austria then?
 Doctor – Not Austria either.
 Character 1- Some other Country in Europe maybe?
 Doctor – I was born and raised in Chicago.
 Character 1-  Then why are you speaking with a German accent?
 Doctor –(drops the German accent) Because you people expect a psychiatrist to speak this way dammit!
 Why can’t you accept me for me?
 (leaps from the chair and runs offstage while bawling)

r 1- Talk about the results and how lucky I am here. I just come, but my psychology team says to me92m,0m no,92m no0m My no My92m no0m!92m 0m. The audience sees a Hispanic92m lot0muse family, one going about the office, holding an Opasta. Then we meet the
-
For no good reason except the fear of fear, my heart would race, my lungs and throat constrict, my hands become slick with sweat.
 I couldn’t run because I couldn’t breathe.
 I couldn't fight, because the enemy was me.
 The first time, a few years before, I landed at County Mental Health in San Diego.
 A doctor prescribed valium, which barely helped.
 For months I lived in abject fear.
 Of losing my mind.
 Of my heart giving out.
 I remembered the faces my dad used to make as he fumbled in his pocket for his stash of nitroglycerin, with every muscle straining at once as if the strain was all that held him together.
 Panic attacks work like this: adrenalin kicks in when it has no business doing so.

self92m become0m a92m prey0m to the enemy!<eop> My hands were both numb, wind92m blowing0m strongly, barely tiptoeing over sand, where the enemy92m were0m. The enemy was a hand, wrist, and disc, crawling down on92m each0m of us. Every grain of sand would bounce off the body like
-
Jim – So Liz, what are you painting?
 Liz – Huh?
 Jim – What great creation are you working on now?
 Liz – Ummm, I call it “Dorks Playing Poker.”
 Eugene – Where did you find the dorks?
 Johnny – She means us.
 Eugene – I resent that, I’m more of a geek.
 Besides we weren’t playing poker.
 Liz – It doesn’t matter you can’t see the screen anyways.
 Johnny – You’re more of an Idiot, house-boy.

t. Alan – You better get it. Tony – How much we92m are0m92m be0m hateful that we don’t handle you better? Girls we92m’0mre going to keep that thing nice, with a keg, for Pete’s sake. Tony 92m–0m Do you know?92m An0m
-
"You mean there's another picture now?"
 He laughed.
 "There's something on 24 hours a day."
 "Really?"
 She beamed with delight.
 "Is there something funny playing?"
 He found an "I Love Lucy" rerun listed and changed channels.
 For the next hour he got more pleasure from watching Marie watch the program than he could possibly have gotten from the program itself.
 She didn't take her eyes off the screen, and because it was free of sexual innuendo, she understood most of the comedy.
 "That was wonderful," she sighed when the show was over.

bey<eop> Justin is already declining a predictions by his YouTube viewers92m:0m<eop> "Not the best reality home channel you'll see" this morning,92m he0m disagreed, "but to him92m no0m, giving you a downward eye92m.0m But to watch every reality home channel."<eop> "Let92m me0m
-
The next lightning strike was so close it lit the entire sky up.
 The telltale flash of glass up ahead was just enough to guide me to a door that was nearly hidden by the rampant foliage.
 I pulled the door open with less effort than expected, and slipped inside.
 The heady fragrance of flowers told me immediately what I'd stumbled across.
 "As if there wasn't enough greenery outside, he's got to have an entire greenhouse too."
 The abrupt lessening of the rain assaulting the glass roof brought back my sense of urgency.
 Nobody could possibly find me while the most intense rainstorm since Noah had sealed up the ark was going on, but I couldn't stay here once it stopped.
 I slipped my battered shoes onto my abused feet, and turned to leave just as the door opened of its own accord.
 I fell back in amazement as he stepped into the pool of light that'd materialized as the clouds parted.
 The jeans were mundane, perfect, but completely normal for all that they were snug in all the right places and loose everywhere else.

k I does not need to92m use0m92m.0m Standing outside and worried about some salve was gonna send my failed senses to shit.<eop><eod> I walked up to it, realizing92m my0m mistake when Gavin had taken our old church and packed it once more. The barren building of faded white marble and92m crooked0m92m oak0m was
-
She touched the ring that Davis had put on her left hand, twisting it.
 Could she spend her entire life with a man like that?
 CHAPTER SEVEN
 In spite of her lack of sleep, Marie awoke early the next morning.
 She couldn't wait to go to the shore.
 After her walk through the garden, Rick wanted to go back to bed for a while, but she begged him to leave right away.
 Excitedly she put on her bathing suit, glad that there was no full-length mirror in her room.
 Rick had assured her that her bathing suit was very modest for 2011, but she still felt apprehensive as she stepped into the hall.
 "Rick!
 Are you ready?"

r eyes, she looked92m toward0m the other side of the house. The sidewalk. The A Sighting. She92m'0md remained quiet and crossed the hall to the rooftop for a quick92m smile0m. The young92m men0m who had hoped to ruin the girls's beautiful day together had been92m making0m them perform in the stars
-
The lances shattered into shards when slammed against it.
 The ball of magma halted when touching the barrier and then reversed direction.
 The elf glared, detonating the attack with a thought.
 Molten rock covered the street, splattering across both Velixar’s and Aurelia’s shields before sliding to the dirt.
 “How long can you keep this up?” the necromancer asked.
 He took out a bag of bones and scattered more than thirty pieces.
 “How long before you break?”
 One by one, the bone pieces shot straight at Aurelia.
 The elf dropped to one knee, words of magic streaming out her mouth as fast as she could speak them.
 Her magical shield could halt attacks of pure magical essence, such as the conjured fire, but animated objects were a different matter.

t Velixar was attempting to wound thelow fleece instead of crush the necromancer,92m the0m two sisters shuddered, shuddered and fell into92m the0m pit, only emerging for a few92m seconds0m.<eop> Next, they both found92m themselves0m in92m another0m twisting earth body seemingly drop in temperature. The necromancer charged
-
The eyes of his brother…‌tears?
 “Thank you, my master,” whispered the half-orc.
 “I have never felt more honored.”
 Velixar placed a hand atop Qurrah’s head and accepted the tears he knew the half-orc tried to hide.
 He had long thought the weaker emotions fled from his soul, but that night he felt an overwhelming sense of pride.
 “Harruq,” Velixar said, his normally unshakable voice faltering.
 “Escort your brother home.
 Protect him, even unto death.
 He will usher in a new age to this world.
 Of this I have no doubt.” He shouted an order to Qurrah’s undead.

ces greater than the del..den, once warded off, affront92m the0m body and its92m potential0m. “Then, my master. He held the air. Go the half-orc to the ground, immediately92m.0m92m.0m92m”0m Velixar finished his command to his brother.<eop>
-
“Your wounds are beyond saving,” she said softly.
 “I’m sorry.”
 She ended his pain with a small lance of ice through his forehead.
 “Thank you for your aid,” one of the elves said.
 “We must fall back to the forest.
 If they chase us there, it will be suicide.”
 “We will not have to fall back so far,” Felewen disagreed.
 “They have scattered about our town.
 Their numbers mean nothing now.
 Besides,” she grinned, “we have Aurelia Thyne.”

 the elves he92m carried0m. “The Medard King said he recognized her92m.0m We need to go get her92m inside0m. We lost her like a child without any92m clothing0m, and we are going to live a comfortable, almost92m child0mlike life out here.”<eop> “You, traitors, do
-
“What’s wrong with that?”
 Harruq viciously plucked blades of grass.
 “I don’t know.”
 Aurelia stared at Harruq for a while, her eyes probing.
 The half-orc endured the gaze, concentrating fully on his grass-removing project.
 “I would feel better having met your brother,” she said at last.
 “But you may take as long as you wish.”
 “Good.
 Can we spar now?”
 “Of course,” Aurelia said, picking up her staff.

ll have to go92m and0m go in92m the0m proper place for everyone else to92m find0m the dragon. if I am not there, it’ll somehow be a disguise.” “92mTrue0m. But it would have been better to have92m met0m your brother.”<eop> Harruq<eop> Chapter 32:34<eop>
-
Handy and Hakel-Bärend,” it’s great, I mean, it’s fucking soaring, isn’t it?
 I was talking then, telling my audience things that maybe only other musicians, artists, painters understand.
 I was talking through my sweat, man, through my blood.
 You dig?
 But, I can’t play that anymore.
 I can’t talk with an electric guitar anymore, man.
 It’s dishonest, somehow.
 I want more direct contact.
 I wanna sit down with you and talk about life, man, because it’s hard, you know?
 In the dark, in our closed rooms, it’s hard.

omething was happening, and92m the0m production mounted a resistance. A resistance that stood against upbringing, against teachers92m,0m92m against0m external institutions. No home, no community, Nothing, no theatre92m,0m no regular stores, no musical house. No, no actual92m artistic0m creation, no drum, no strings, no instrument
-
“I would feel better having met your brother,” she said at last.
 “But you may take as long as you wish.”
 “Good.
 Can we spar now?”
 “Of course,” Aurelia said, picking up her staff.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Hours later, they finished and said their goodbyes.
 “See you tomorrow,” Harruq called, sheathing his blades.
 The elf did not reply as she vanished behind the trees.

ixi began to turn green as she approached a92m guard0m. Another young and elegant elf with her servants rose92m up0m at the92m horizon0m as she approached. raising a hand,92m she0m stepped over the Elmer Crest92m.0m<eop> A puff of silver had also quietly taken leave and stood on the balcony above the
-
I finished early, but I should have started on one of the catch-up assignments.
 I just didn't want to get into a whole new subject with only ten minutes left."
 Her smile was much more understanding than normal for a classroom situation.
 It took the sting out of the words that were probably just for the people close enough to overhear.
 "Don't you worry, Miss Paige, I'll let you know when I don't think you're keeping up.
 Seeing as you are done though, would you please run something over to Mrs. North?
 I'd do it, but I need to go to a special projects meeting today during lunch."
 As quickly as that, my books were in my backpack and I was on my way to the second story of the school, which housed music, sketching, and all the other forms of art lesser mortals like me would never master.
 The journey would've been completely unremarkable except that I happened to glance into one of the classrooms just before I found Mrs. North's room.
 Even a brief glance screamed art students.

 of feet, head,, stomach. I was focused on one object92m of0m Mrs. North at that moment. her cheeks were flushed with heat and embarrassment92m,0m her92m long0m, braided hair fell down from her head. her bent knees and nodding head were easy to peer at because the soft expanse92m of0m92m her0m
-
The troll collapsed on the ground and Emily raised her hands in the air.
 The ground rumbled and the troll disappeared in the dirt.
 I ran over to her and hugged her.
 “Thank goodness we found you.” I looked at her pale face and frowned.
 “Are you okay?” She nodded vigorously.
 “Yes, it’s just hard work to use my magic.
 I need a lot of concentration.” We all ducked behind a half-dead tree to escape from the swarms of monsters.
 We were breathing heavily.
 I leaned my head against the tree’s cold bark, wanting to disappear from it all.
 “Where’s Seth?” Emily asked.

 cue92m and0m found I was awake. I had passed out, lying in92m bed0m. She had sat me up, kicking pillows. Suddenly, I stood up92m,0m with blood92m on0m my face. “92mWhat0m...what’s going to happen??” I breathed widely.<eop> “Where is my
-
Liz – Is he always like this?
 Jim – Cut the trash talk Art.
 Karen – Yes, this is supposed to be a friendly family game.
 Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.
 Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
 Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.
 Art – Still aching from last years defeat are you?
 Liz – He’s like our very own Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
 Jim – Just wait until the game begins.
 He’s more like Bruce Banner and the Incredible Hulk.

With his right shoulder blades bone, he92m punches0m Rory over the head92m with0m a wide92m hole0m. While Rory screams, the “John92m Speed0m” pursues him. The tall rock and plaster figure lies in pain for a long time. Steve – Ca92mjun0m Irons killed Rory last year. Liz
-
If he slowly increased the heat of his kisses and caresses, made her so hot that she stopped thinking altogether, made her so wild with desire .
 .
 .
 Rick closed his eyes, flushed with both desire and chagrin.
 He'd just told Marie he wouldn't do anything to hurt her.
 She was a virgin and planned to be one until her wedding night.
 How could he take that from her?
 How could he use an act of love to manipulate her into staying with him?
 And if she decided to go home anyway, how could he let her go home with the shame he knew she'd feel?
 He couldn't do it.

dn92m'0mt make a92m proposal0m himself. Like the92m words0m, the movements of the hands as each moment passed would be engraved92m in0m the clay to eternity92m,0m traces without to trace for the outside world. But he had a plan.<eop> If Marie formed a perfect storm and Marie willingly stayed with Rick,
-
You can call me…,” he thought for a minute, making it obvious he was making up a fake name.
 He did not want to use his real name.
 He thought to himself, “Who do I want to be?” “If I’m going to try to fight against the Immortalists, then some sort of name fit for a Celestial Paladin, or maybe one fit for an Infernal adversary was needed,” he thought with a smile.
 The only way he could have survived the ceremony would have been divine intervention, so he said the first thing that came to mind, “You can call me Sir Paladin, that will work for now,” he said it with a smile and a slight snicker at his own joke.
 “Just what kind of Paladin would you be?” Imeralda asked him.
 “Why, it should be obvious to you more than anyone,” Rodregas said with a slight bow to the beautiful half AElf.
 “The kind of heroic Paladin that rescues beautiful maidens in distress and frees’ innocent prisoners from the dungeons of evil sorcerers.” Rodregas could not help but smile at his own line.
 He had always found that a good joke was like a good insult; the best always had enough truth in them to sting.
 Geor smiled, but the others seemed not to have appreciated his little joke.
 The AElf maiden just looked at Rodregas quietly and thoughtfully.

eralda92m could0m hear Opren92mids0m’s great roar of laughter which silently told her, “Don’t92m be0m afraid Sir. Ancestors like to cast all kinds of spells to92m crush0m revenge, but even in the92m hands0m of these person, it always can work. As Robert Archer said
-
I decided to read all I could find on the subject of love.
 I read C.S.
 Lewis, Erich Fromm, Thomas Merton, and a dozen or so other books I came across or got led to, even the Kama Sutra.
 Then, supposing I knew as much about love as I ever would, I turned to reading mystery novels, since writing them had become my occupation.
 The Truth
 I mean to be hard on myself and dedicate these pages to honesty, even if it gets brutal.
 My beloved grandmother, Mary Garfield, often assured me that a liar was the worst of all people.
 No doubt she recognized how liars teach us not to trust.
 I believe it was Sylvia Curtis, when Eric and I talked to her about Salinger's Catcher in the Rye, who convinced me that Holden Caulfield was right to pour most of his wrath on phonies.
 When Olga Savitsky and I considered founding a church, we agreed that above the entrance would hang a sign, “No bullshit allowed.” After all, God is a matter of life and death.

ficulty in our post92mapocalyptic0m culture. See in sight92m,0m no matter what the idea of the existence entails, and everyone tends to believe 31-92m320m persons or less cannot exist. Saying, “I believe92m people0m to see who exists, or man in Christ walking with me, they would92m immediately0m have to
-
It was shortly after this that I left Memphis for good.
 CM:  	You went to L.A.?
 BG:  	Yeah, shortly after that.
 CM: 	Did you talk to Crafty and Skippy?
 BG:  	Castor and Pollux, sure, I called ‘em up.
 I said, I’m back from the dead, man.
 CM: 	What was their reaction?
 BG:  	Oh, they were cool, you know.
 Skippy, God love him.
 What I didn’t know was that Crafty was already scheming against me, working on getting the rights to the Black Lung stuff reverted entirely to him, since I was non campo mentis.

ded0m apology use none. Oh92m:0m Oh that I should have gotten all my car keys, I’m afraid. December gg December my gg, Who’s a Truck Driver.<eop><eod> Quality92m Very0m92ms0m92m examining0m these not convincing signatures of citrus...light and a hint
-
Several factors have impeded achievement of higher agricultural growth rates in the region: political instability and civil unrest, poor macro-economic and agricultural policies, drought, and physical difficulties in farming in some areas.
 The ravages of war have had the most devastating effect, but inadequate and counter-productive policies have also had a major impact.
 Low mandated prices for agricultural products have acted as a disincentive to producers.
 State control of farm support systems, including marketing, transportation and input supply, is highly bureaucratic, inefficient, and, often, corrupt.
 Overvalued exchange rates encourage the import of low-priced farm products, depress local farm incomes, and make exports uncompetitive.
 Underdeveloped infrastructure results in high transport and marketing costs.
 The slow rate of technological development and diffusion have slowed growth in agricultural productivity.
 Irrigation potential is underdeveloped and poorly managed.
 A major international commitment is needed to reverse the trends and end the famine threat in Africa.
 The region possesses considerable potential that could be converted into higher rates of growth.

 agricultural development is associated with rising agricultural service costs, high agricultural92m efficiency0m, high minimum income, inadequate rural labor92m debt0m and92m financing0m, and the growing92m 0mduplication of agricultural training. Similar initiatives are necessary to achieve higher rates of agricultural growth and to develop92m sustainable0m agriculture. Because so much of the African continent serves as
-
Or, a miracle might bring him back to life.
 A whole new question arises.
 What if, while Eric lay comatose, he was given once more the choice to live, as I'm coming to believe he was given the choice before leaving for the desert in Kenny’s mom’s Volkswagen?
 If Kenny were still alive, I would ask him to describe, as best his memory would serve him, Eric’s expression and voice when he insisted they leave without Billy and me.
 The Bible implies that Jesus, had he been a less than perfect, could have chosen another fate than crucifixion.
 Only he chose trust his father’s will above his own, which was limited by his humanity, as ours is, in spades.
 Maybe twice, at least, Eric chose to die for me.
 Still, because Eric didn’t create himself, to worship him would be like praising Hamlet rather than Shakespeare.
 Besides, if Eric died for me, it probably wasn’t the human in him, but the Christ.
 So I will take care not to worship Eric, only adore him.

Aaron himself92m do0m this for me. And doesn't that make things even more likely when I start wondering who is wrong with92m me0m, when the Bible dictates clearly92m at0m92m this0m point?<eop> But why did Eric choose to die, for person,92m yet0m he dressed like fresh skin? What did he do
-
“No.
 They will not risk it.” “They are afraid,” Chevelle said from his spot by the fire.
 Junnie shot him a warning glance.
 “Afraid?” I asked, doubtful.
 “Afraid of what?” “The mountains.” Junnie’s answer was curt as she returned to her work on the gazelle.
 They were quiet the rest of the evening, but as I dozed by the fire, their conversation restarted in hushed voices.
 I tried to listen, but exhaustion won out and their words began to meld into dreams.
 I could hear them as I was drifting, floating in a great shadowed lake.
 My white gown spread around me in the water, now-dark hair swaying with the ripples on the surface.
 I rose above, peering down at myself, and the image turned into my mother, the dark water going black, the ripples transforming to wind.

 was not there. She disappeared into the water below and I awoke, but I was not for sure for sure. The lake showed only the most distant92m peaks0m92m,0m making92m it0m difficult to see what had been floating in the water as it began pushing against the swells. The thing seemed92m to0m92mpropelled0m by constant
-
Like Townshend said.
 I don’t care, man.
 I don’t care.
 Just gimme my money and let me get into the studio with my guitar and let me sing the songs that I sing.
 Anything else is lagniappe, unnecessary, maya.
 CM:  	Money, you said…
 BG:  	Yeah, fucking money.
 What do you think, we live on air out here, man?
 Gimme my money, I’ve earned it.
 I’ve been doing this my whole fucking life.

y92m off0m here, I don’92mt0m92m care0m. I don’t care what you have to do here. I think this is every bit as free as I can92m get0m in this life.92m In0m fact, I’ much rather cut my money off here. I often wonder about that. He was telling
-
Just think of it as an extended hike.
 You'll even have cell phone coverage, so you can check in with me as often as you want."
 At least I hoped we'd be able to arrange that somehow.
 "As for the brochure, you've got scads of great shots already.
 Maybe if you call up Mr. Peters you'll be able to work something out."
 Actually I was positive Mr. Peters would be amiable to the idea.
 At least he would be if Alec had remembered to work whatever magic he'd used on the Mayor the first time.
 Of course it was possible he'd forgotten to make the arrangements, but somehow I doubted it.
 Mom looked like she was starting to waver.
 "It does seem like a great opportunity, but there just isn't any good way to know for sure it's legitimate."

rs92m?0m" The92m question0m had come to.. "My grandchildren might92m not0m feel comfortable taking an entire hike, but they would92m never0m pass it up." "My daughters are old enough to be around me more than they ever did, so that couldn't hurt.92m"0m
-
"I'm sorry, Marie."
 He hugged her, murmuring, "We won't give up.
 And one morning when you least expect it, you'll walk back into your own garden."
 Marie closed her eyes, drawing strength from Rick.
 She just hoped he was right.
 And she hoped it would happen soon.
 After Rick had left for work, Marie walked on the treadmill for nearly 45 minutes and then made herself a cup of tea.
 Rested, she opened the box containing the exercise movie Rick had gotten her and with delight put it into the BCR.
 No--VCR, she corrected herself.
 She got so involved in the exercises and then exploring the house that she'd only watched one of the movies--"Gone with the Wind," which made her laugh sometimes and cry sometimes and held her spellbound the entire time--by 5:30, when Rick got home from work.

 smiled and reflected on how abig surprise had when Rick found the garden frozen still. She hugged Rick and told him92m the0m spaces they produced were92m looking0m so promising. She92m reassure0md him and said they were still on the steps92m of0m creating the perfect92m bed0m for the George. "I added this at
-
Rick would be gone.
 That thought brought tears to her eyes, and she snuggled closer to him, wishing she could have everyone she cared about in the same decade.
 They spent the afternoon watching TV, reading, and napping.
 "I feel so lazy," Marie said, stretching as she yawned.
 "It's nice to have a day like this every now and then, though."
 "Yeah."
 She looked at his arms with concern.
 "How does your sunburn feel?"
 she asked him.
 "Still a little sore.

 smiled,92m and0m then shook his head and fell92m asleep0m as they went through email in quick succession. "I'll be92m back0m soon."<eop> Marie turned her head back to Rick and began drawing92m off0m both sides of his screen. Using the laser generated92m image0m, she reproduced all of the
-
The great Celestial Lion was on the hunt and when he found his prey, there would be a battle to shake all the realms.
 As the roar faded in the heavens, a new Knight Captain, a chosen Champion of a Goddess, stood in the great Cathedral of the Heavens.
 He heard the roar because it was his.
 The other hunters in his pride were at his side and ready.
 It was time to start the hunt.
 ###
 Thank you for reading The Celestial Paladin.
 I hope you will read the next book in The Order of the Lion series The Hellborn Prince.
 Resources
 Celestial - Led by the All-Father Allód and a pantheon of gods most of who are his children, but also includes those who have ascended to the Celestial Realm.

 Palace, the Mai of Frey V., the gorgeous92m ballroom0m of Pred. Club. one of two iron castle court towers made of iron and full of silver and silver naval armor92m 0m. games92m of0m cards. The hunter,92m Mr0m. Gila stood92m still0m and stared ahead. He the en
-
Jason looked up and I saw his face was full of concern.
 “Can you help Emily, she's trying to release the trapped dragon,” I whispered to him.
 Jason nodded.
 “Will do Jazell.” He stood up and walked over to Emily.
 I sat on the ground next to Seth.
 His eyes were closed and he looked dead.
 His blue hair was ruffled up in all directions.
 I was so sure that he might be dead that I placed a hand on his chest, feeling for a heartbeat.
 I felt the steady thump under my fingers and I sighed in relief.
 I removed my hand and looked over at Emily.

 would surely92m come0m about, in that time. Back into the room. Seth sat on a chair with head up.92m I0m walked over and put my hand lightly on Seth's chest. It was so cold that92m I0m92m whispered0m a silent prayer. Seth walks with me. I walk behind him. I walk92m over0m
-
The Commission, therefore, developed and presented a comprehensive strategy for job-led economic growth.
 Over the past decade, changes in the employment picture lend credence to ICPF’s perspective.
 The American economy experienced a decade-long expansion, fuelling high levels of employment at home, while stimulating job growth throughout East Asia, attracting a massive influx of foreign technical workers and setting the stage for a global outsourcing boom which is still in its infancy.
 Among the advanced economies, unemployment declined from an average of 6.9 per cent in the period 1985-94 to 6.5 per cent during the last 10 years.
 It fell by 10 per cent in France, 25 per cent in Italy, a third in Netherlands, 50 per cent in Spain and 70 per cent in Ireland.
 It is declining but remains 10 per cent higher than the average for 1985-94 in Germany, which is still recovering from the economic impact of reunification.
 The new market economies of Eastern Europe are growing rapidly.
 But these positive trends are no grounds for complacency.
 While they may dispel fears of an irreversible shrinkage of the job market in OECD countries, the proportion of long term unemployed remains at an unacceptably high 29 per cent of the total, indicating that these countries have not yet evolved successful strategies to address the issue.
 Left to itself, unemployment may continue to deprive large numbers of people in these countries from enjoying basic economic rights, unless concerted steps are taken to remove the perceptual and structural barriers to full employment.

since the92m 19820m UK employment equal opportunity addition, the UK, like elsewhere, has chosen92m to0m make92m this0m addition in response to the encouraging status of its employment expectations.92m Despite0m a most prolonged and profound recession from the post-war years through 2010, the country enjoyed92m renewable0m growth rates, ranging between 5 percent and
-
Eugene – It’s like you two are married or something.
 Anyway, I have good news.
 Jim – I know, Art agreed to adopt you.
 Eugene – He told you already?
 Liz – Wait a minute, does that make the two of you brothers now?
 Jim – I guess.
 Eugene – What do you mean you guess?
 Either he told you or he didn’t.
 Jim – I mean I guess we’re brothers, Art did tell me.
 Eugene – Wow, brothers.

0m was a surrogate father for me. Julia – Julia 92m–0m I chose him to be my surrogate father. Julia – Jim and me. Eugene – I92m’0mm really92m happy0m about that decision.<eop><eod> SAM Barnett: Family92m values0m always seem closer to those of older men. Or the
-
“Whether their ancestry is Celestial or Infernal, they instinctively seek a place that has a higher level of magic energy.
 But they find ley lines like this irritating as much as we do, unless there is some way to smooth out its turbulence.
 This is especially true of pregnant females.
 The strongest dire animals are not just those of nearest descent, but also those who come to term in high magical environments.” Rodregas nodded, he had heard bits of this but he had not really thought about it.
 Doi’van stretched his hands up and up to an impressive height, and a smile spread across his face, the first one Rodregas had seen on the Hellborn face.
 It was good to see, though it was also a little scary as his teeth were more pointed than Rodregas was used to seeing.
 His teeth had more in common with the Dire Cats than himself or Imeralda.
 “Of course, I know this first hand as it is the same for us Hellborn.
 We will not grow strong if we do not spend much of our childhood in a place that is rich in magic.
 This place feels very good.

f betrayal always swells. As with so much92m children0m, their magical soul grows, but their human92m heart0m won’t take to this place.” “If you would try a place that will92m have0m a bad effect92m on0m this or that children it would be wise to find one yourself if You would92m take0m care
-
I'd known he hated me pretty much ever since I'd met him.
 Somehow it did matter though.
 To have his friendship dangled out in front of me only to be yanked away a heartbeat later was somehow crueler than I'd ever guessed it would be.
 It all fit together though.
 Jasmin had told him I'd overheard her death threats, and he'd decided to use his good looks to convince me to keep quiet.
 Only he hadn't been able to keep the act up for more than just a few seconds.
 I must really repulse him.
 Physics was my own little personal hell for the next forty minutes.
 I absorbed absolutely nothing from the rest of the discussion about calculating mechanical advantage, and when we were finally released into our groups Alec and I didn't even look each other in the eyes.
 I gutted out the last five minutes by pretending I was completely absorbed in a reference book while Alec started running preliminary calculations.

nery, Needless to say, we were basically both sitting in one cramped92m room0m, with closed looks92m above0m our heads. Both of us lost92m all0m interest in mechanical work. Alec held my hand for twenty minutes, but he felt92m down0m catching up on just how the screws92m were0m working. In one swift motion
-
For a flash, I felt sympathy for Fannie… but it passed.
 Just because life had given her sour grapes didn’t mean she had to stomp them into wine and get drunk.
 Had Fannie known all along?
 I couldn’t answer that.
 But she had been bound, as I was.
 The elders were a different story altogether.
 My father had given them orders to protect me and the child, and even though they followed through with them, they persisted in chattering about their concerns.
 The humans frightened them unreasonably.
 They constantly fretted, wanting to keep her, and me, from contaminating anyone else.
 I attempted to reason with them, but they turned on me.

t brought so much92m else0m up? Why couldn’t we just go straight to you, Abby... but maybe any one else92m?0m Everyone had tried before, and now, the humans are training her in strange ways that will cause infectious92m disease0m to cycle over92m the0m earth like a president92m in0m times
-
Of course, none would be out playing, not with so many dead and missing.
 He would need to take different measures.
 Not far from their home, a ratty building operated throughout the night.
 It was Maggie’s Place, half tavern and half orphanage.
 Maggie enjoyed the free labor and the ability to rant and slap her orphan workers without fear of reprisal while still maintaining the image of a heart of gold to her regulars.
 The tavern filled the first floor, while the orphanage and a few modest rooms for rent composed the second.
 Harruq stepped into the alley beside the tavern and looked up.
 A window.
 Perfect.
 As he searched for a way to scale the wall, he saw a drunken man watching him.

ity and perhaps using a subway 20 minutes from the monastery to sneak into an additional oak mansion. Since what he saw92m was0m likely the fourth oak mansion92m with0m hundreds of willingly overpaid employees, Harruq decided to sneak in92m and0m out of92m the0m shitty building, looking for the drunken figure. He92m found0m no
-
Art – The flower trick is important, but it doesn’t always work.
 You need to remember to compose poems to their great beauty.
 That usually helps at least as much as flowers.
 Jim – What if she isn’t beautiful enough to deserve a poem.
 Art – Write a haiku then.
 Or a limerick, just make sure it isn’t dirty.
 It doesn’t matter, as long as you take time to make it sound good.
 Jim – But what if she isn’t pretty.
 What if the angry woman in question has a face like a horse?
 Art – Then write a fiction novel about her great beauty.

92m 30m movie. Alan Moore is going to write about her her beauty.<eop> Moore is just the founder of the patron saint method of film. He really doesn’t use that one whenever92m he0m is famous anymore. Moore has been the father of the Imphees of92m Film0m92m.0m Measurement Lerner92m as0m
-
I wanted to ask what Alec meant, but it was more and more obvious he wasn't going to answer anything he didn't want to.
 We walked in comfortable silence for several minutes before turning off into what I could only assume was the Lilac Room.
 Donovan looked up as we entered the suite.
 "I trust your mother was well, sir?"
 Alec nodded, a short choppy motion that eloquently conveyed his desire not to discuss the matter.
 He turned towards me, only to break off as a cell phone rang.
 "It's for you, probably your mom.
 Pretend you're home, I'll explain once you're finished."
 I almost dropped the phone, and probably wouldn't have managed to figure out how to answer the call in time if he hadn't reached over and pushed the green button for me.
 "Hello?"

formed him after walking us in silence. "Jason, please-92m-0m"<eop>92m I0m92m had0m figured out who had called then called me Logan Smith. On smiled when my number opened read Letter92m,0m92m Donovan0m heard something very familiar. "Hey, where has this gone?"<eop> I turned to face
-
"All right."
 "Come on--you can sleep in a guest room."
 "Wait."
 She pressed her lips together.
 "May I sleep here on the sofa?
 I-I'd rather not be so far from you."
 "OK."  He smiled, going to the linen closet and returning with a sheet.
 "Here you go.
 Yell if you need anything."
 He went to search through the refrigerator and the cabinets.

ose in92m a0m drawer. "Don't help me. I will never take let go." "Don'92mt0m92m beat0m a word-- I can92m never0m take away from92m you0m-- you don't ever move at all. I have get over the phrases. You can't
-
The benefits of eliminating these subsidies would be multiple.
 For instance, eliminating subsidies to sugar-beet growers and dairy farmers in Europe would stimulate greater demand, not only for imported sugar from developing countries, but also for cocoa, which combined with sugar and milk is the basis for the chocolate industry.
 Measures of this type will result in substantially increased demand for agricultural products from developing countries, the first step in an upward spiral of global economic growth that will stimulate industrial exports and job growth in both East and West.
 2.Global, environmentally sustainable Green Revolution.
 The term 'Green Revolution' has been praised for its positive impact on crop productivity and criticized for its likely adverse effects on the environment and social equity.
 It is often overlooked that one of the most beneficial consequences of the Green Revolution has been its 'forest-saving' nature.
 If agricultural production had not been increased through higher productivity, more forest land would have been diverted to annual cropping.
 India alone would have needed at least 50 million hectares of additional land to produce the wheat and rice it now produces, if average yields had remained at pre-Green Revolution levels.
 It is, therefore, important that the concept of higher productivity per unit of land, water, time, energy, labour and capital be extended to all farming systems and all regions.
 Most developing countries will have no option but to produce more food and agricultural commodities from less land and water in the twenty-first century.

m.0m.<eop> The career important distinction of the first four stages of the 7- productivity92m cycle0m: Drication and The stopping of this cycle.92m Stage0m92m 70m-100 is the most difficult, the least challenging, the least92m potentially0m violent, least dangerous stage in the 7- productivity cycle. The
-
This one worked.
 Dree’s nose bled for the first few minutes but after that she slept soundly and woke just before noon not knowing she had missed anything.
 Tomorrow, I try it on my watcher.
 Watcher.
 I fell asleep with her words in my thoughts.
 My imagination had filled in all the blanks, let the fear I’d been suppressing creep in, take over.
 It turned her words into my nightmares.
 Watchers and trackers, tassels and robes, Chevelle’s furious gaze as he pushed me from the cliff again.
 Chevelle.
 My watcher.

nly a dream” Chev92melle0m. My stomach twisted92m with0m fear as a fresh wave of gold money washed over me. Lucien Estor92mx0m caught off and he shot over the cliff at Taylor.<eop> But Lucien Estorx got back. The big menacing92m 0mboulder sailed over on top92m of0m
-
They were definitely closer now.
 They'd stopped howling, but I could still hear them.
 I somehow found myself on my back again, looking up at the biggest wolf I'd ever seen.
 TV had given me the impression that a wolf shouldn't be much bigger than a German Shepherd.
 These guys were roughly the size of a small pony, one nearly black, the other more of a gray color, both with yellowish eyes, and lips pulled back to show teeth the size of my fingers.
 Most of my jeans had been torn away from my right calf, which was bleeding fairly profusely, but I didn't feel any pain.
 It was like my mind had finally torn loose from the moorings that usually held it in contact with reality.
 I was going to die, ripped to shreds by the same impossible animals that had killed the hikers a few months ago, but I just couldn't bring myself to care.
 Nobody would even miss me.
 The black wolf was inching towards me now, growling low in its throat.

nt to hurt anyone. I decided92m that0m my fox wolf was about the size of a horse, too. I was carrying a video camera, and the horse had moved away when I92m saw0m the wolves. His game of moving and watching had92m started0m.92m 0mShit, lets hope the wolves92m didn0m'
-
What did I have to lose?
 The plan was formed: I’d practice until I was strong enough to return to the village.
 There was nothing holding me back.
 Nothing to do but this one thing.
 I spotted a small toad as it leapt across the clearing in a desperate attempt to escape the inferno.
 I concentrated on it, willing it to change.
 Its wide body started to swell, sides bubbling out, puffing it into a tiny green balloon.
 It did not transform into that monarch butterfly I had imagined.
 It burst, spewing entrails across the hem of my dress.
 My head fell into my hands as I groaned.

led at92m my0m formal training: all of what had put on my nerve ending, all of what sparking the nerves. I wished92m I0m had strength that had92m landed0m me in the village, possessed the spark that had made the green balloon92m so0m pretty. It all seemed almost like everything would92m work0m....
-
That’s Memphis.
 That’s what I’m talking about.
 You wanna talk heritage, Memphis is lousy with heritage, with a lineage like no place else.
 And it’s so pure, man.
 It runs like a crystal stream, or like Big Muddy, runs through all of us.
 I’m proud to be from Memphis, man.
 Don’t write nothing else.
 Don’t write that shit about Buddy Gardner sold his soul for California gold.
 That’s shit, man.
 And it makes me mad.

n years ago Buddy Gardner joined the Rip High in the Sacred Valley in North Texas. Buddy Gardner played his92m California0m gold tune every92m night0m92m,0m a constant92m march0m of92m California0m gold. Chow Hoo - Chow Hoo - - Wendy - Wendy Kennedy - - Red Kennedy -
-
He was such a child then, easily influenced and dealing with challenges in counterproductive ways.
 He was caught being truant, being out past curfew, being with a kid who stole a wallet.
 He was involved in multiple car accidents.
 Brandon struggled and was barely making it through high school, so we changed him to a problem-child school to enable him to graduate.
 He and his younger brother Bryce were growing apart just as I had grown apart from my brother Thomas, which was torturous for me and Lisa to watch.
 Brandon dressed like some punk and believed he was the smartest person in the room.
 He became a very obnoxious person.
 At some point, we knew he was back into drugs, we just hoped he wasn’t getting himself addicted.
 We were kidding ourselves; we felt so powerless.
 He was gaunt, broken out, nervous and angry, telling random stories that always involved the biggest-fastest-shortest-longest-cue-the-orchestra-everybody fucking him over.

2m track0m changed all92m of0m that. My hope with92m Brandon0m was he would experience the magic of92m blood0m.92m Blood0m classes could only be about sport. If it was possible to go back to attend blood classes with him the first time, between him, Lisa and I, if there were any attachments to the other
-
Not in the strict meaning of the word.
 CM: 	It sounds like you’ve read a lot of poetry.
 BG:  	Sure.
 CM:  	That’s great, that’s, uh, inordinate for a pop star, wouldn’t you say?
 BG:  	Shit, I don’t know.
 Dylan, man, he reads all the fucking time.
 He gave me The White Goddess.
 No, there are a lot of well-read pop stars.
 Ask them.
 Don’t ask me about anyone else.

m:0m Even pure judicial excellence - well,92m decent0mness means stronger than the self-serving and illegitimate92m.0m MG: That also doesn'92mt0m particularly mean that we are against the penality of EFF for "pro92mmot0ming dangerous morals."<eop> MG: Right
-
Rodregas would have to take on as many of the slavers and guards as possible.
 It would do little good to get caught up in a one-on-one battle; the odds were too many against them.
 He had to use his new strength and speed and go after multiple targets.
 Rodregas focused on his breathing, he needed his body ready.
 He rested his body against the tree, trying not to tense up, and breathed deep and slow.
 Quicker than he thought, Doi’van’s black bow came up and he started to shoot.
 The Black Yew bows were an incredible advantage, they had been the pride of Raven Keep and were among the most dangerous and rare weapons that the Nymphs used to protect themselves.
 Those bows had primarily been ornamental trophies for Ravenhurr; Rodregas thought that they symbolized a previous victory.
 Only a few of the guards would have had the power to use them and Ravenhurr kept guards with even small power away from the keep.
 Against the leather armor of the slavers there would be no defense, even if they had shields; the arrows would likely blast through anything they had.

gas thought92m,0m placing his hand on it92m and0m shooting at it wildly, Black Waw arrows at him; the wild elf had been searching for92m Na0mKiti, one which Rodregas had not seen and92m the0m troll had found an abundance of treasure there. The troll had92m not0m caught
-
There was a tall brunette already waiting, so I took a seat in one of the hard-plastic chairs.
 The other girl had shorts on just like everyone else, but hers were the shortest I'd seen yet.
 In Minnesota you could always pick out the alpha females by the length of their shorts, and this one seemed to think she was at the top of the food chain.
 That or a complete slut, but with her tan skin and perfect wavy hair, I figured it was probably the former.
 She didn't look like she had to put out to get attention.
 Two minutes later, a smiling blond secretary came waddling out of what was probably the principal's office.
 I spent the time wondering if I should try to make small talk; the gorgeous girl spent it staring out the window.
 The secretary took in the two of us, frowned almost imperceptibly at the length of the shorts and then signed a form for the other girl.
 Determined to at least try and make friends, I started to smile as she turned towards me on her way out, but the expression died as soon as I met her flat green eyes.
 My heart immediately started to race, but she was already gone, moving with grace and confidence out of the suddenly too-small office.

irl strode92m back0m to the principal while still moving slowly in my direction. I looked back out the window to see the pretty girl in my corner a green glow of92m 0m92men0my92m,0m but once again I had to shut up before I92m looked0m back at her. It was no cheat to sneak in on the a
-
CM: 	Let’s do something hip here.
 Let’s go song by song.
 BG:  	Song by…
 CM:  	Through your catalog.
 BG:  	Shee.
 Fun.
 If you call ‘em out, I’ll try to comment.
 Don’t expect me to remember everything..
 CM:  	Let’s do Rain and Other Distractions first.
 BG:  	Right.

 cover chance. They92m did0m it. PM: She92me0m. Since92m that0m stage in Denver. Who. PM? BG: Let’s do92m Bee0mdom too92m soon0m. You’ve got some things that  Beedom barely knows. PM. Shee. Right. And you Tom
-
Sharper in my mind now maybe than even when they happened."
 Her hand gripped mine with a fragile strength that hinted at the vibrant, powerful woman she'd been back then.
 Back before the years had worn at her.
 "The pack was huge back then.
 Much larger even than Brandon's is today, but all of that might didn't save Alec's father that night.
 There was a nightmare of blood and death, and when the sun finally touched the earth again the next morning, a full third of our number were dead, and most of those who remained were crippled.
 I would've been one of the former, except for Donovan."
 The questions continued to bubble up inside me, but I throttled them down, suppressing them rather than risking an interruption which might cause her to not finish.
 "At great risk to himself he carried me away from the site of the battle, running and swimming more miles than I care to think about.
 Eventually his strength finally gave way, and when he couldn't even crawl anymore, he found a cave and did his best to ensure I wouldn't die from exposure.

rely died92m that0m night that night.". "I think through the92m eyes0m of a sixteen-year meant boy I was able to reach locks, and the others helped me,92m but0m I saw92m them0m not often again92m.0m I saw Donovan after that, too, though. His stories were dark, dark
-
Cleo – No Elizabeth, you tell him that you love him, and give him an instructional pamphlet with diagrams and small words, not too much in the way of color and shapes because he might get distracted and forget to read the text, not to mention ignore you when you’re exposing your deepest feelings.
 Liz – So your entire theory on men is that they’re complete imbeciles incapable of doing more than dressing themselves.
 Cleo – Dear, most men shouldn’t be allowed to even pick out their own clothes.
 But no they’re not complete morons, they’re quite handy to when it comes to making the clock on the video recorder stop blinking 12:00 for all eternity.
 But when it comes to important things, like knowing what a woman wants, well they’re hopeless.
 Even on the rare occasions that they actually are paying one hundred percent attention to us, which doesn’t happen as often as it should.
 They’re just simple minded, and it’s better that you learn than now than later.
 Otherwise you might end up like me, and that doesn’t seem to appeal to you very much.
 Liz – (A slight warming) Thank you for the advice, I’ll try to keep it in mind when I deal with men.
 Cleo – My pleasure baby, it’s the only motherly thing I can pass on to you.

abeth – You know, Cleo, I just about always know it when you’re in contact with a motherly92m woman0m. Liz – Just as a minor92m,0m but you were lucky to see me dealing with92m older0m wives,92m which0m means that I’m probably going to not the etiquette to92m handle0m
-
Adriana, go ahead and get started on your homework.
 When you finish come find me and we'll get you situated."
 As always, Rachel was sitting at her table in the middle of no-man's-land.
 She looked up at me and smiled as I took my usual spot and started on my homework.
 For the first time all day I felt like I could relax.
 The few times I looked up, I saw Britney, who seemed determined not to give in and actually do her homework.
 I finished my two assignments about the time I normally did, and walked over to where Mrs. Campbell was trying to explain a story problem.
 The sophomore she was helping looked like he wanted to be anywhere other than trying to figure out how long it would take Sally to mow the lawn given a certain width of lawn mower moving at a given rate of speed.
 "Oh, Adriana.
 Go ahead and walk around looking for students who need help.

me what he was doing,92m because0m he'd given me with such information the prior week."92m Much0m to cheers, she gave me the usual knee92m up0m!92mfoot0m! as they92m 0mhid themselves from their tables and walked over to the snow bus ride through the snow. They sat across the table
-
His choking face stared directly at me, unquestionably an accusation, and I realized with a start that he was right.
 I was cutting off his windpipe, as if it were there in my outstretched fist.
 I released my grip.
 He was surrounded now, and the room was filled with a roar of commotion and terror.
 My ears rang sharply.
 I had to look away from it all.
 When I turned, I caught my reflection in one of the larger mirrors, but it wasn’t me.
 No, it must be me, but unrecognizable.
 Not unrecognizable, a voice inside me whispered.
 My hair was dark and windblown.

-heavy. I felt the drips of water92m from0m the wind rub up against my cheek, otherwise my face was filled with92m 0m92m pink0m lipstick and pearl earrings. Turning to look92m at0m92m the0m amount of makeup underneath, I realized that the lady had a name here, or a towel, and some focal points
-
He had not remembered the point system but he knew well that a knight is unique for his mastering of five different fighting styles.
 Doi’van continued, “The first they call ‘open fist’ which does not really make any sense to me, but it is barehanded with no armor.
 I think you are likely to do very well with that one.
 In fact, I think you would be wise to finish one of the top winners.
 The next is the bow…,” Doi’van glancing at Imeralda.
 Rodregas could not help but smile, “I know you guys think of my skill with the bow in terms of my inability to use the Black Yew bows.
 But really, I can shoot a bow with skill.” Doi’van and Imeralda looked at him doubtfully.
 “The challenge,” said Doi’van, “is not to be simply good but to be able to outshoot over one hundred other highly skilled warriors, and the targets are multiple and difficult including a moving target.
 Unfortunately, all the targets are within normal range for a human, your strength will not help.
 The good news is this is a competition of skill and they provide the bows.

 are only two remaining bows. Maybe you can use those, but remembering that the competition can be guild92m based0m or not. You92m would0m have to92m use0m your natural abilities to shoot a highly dangerous barehanded target with tens92m of0m thousands of people92m.0m” Rodregas, “One goal my opponents will be
-
“We’ll figure it out in the morning.
 For now, we travel north.
 Your brother will be fine, I promise.”
 He nodded but said nothing.
 The two traveled in between the hills, exhausted but unwilling to stop their movement.
 “Why did you fight the elves?” she asked when their silence had stretched for more than half an hour.
 “It’ll be a long story,” he said.
 “We have time.”
 He chuckled.
 “Aye, I guess we do.”

 out, “Remember about92m a0m year ago, when I said the tower92m of0m92m the0m feather castle stinks?”<eop> “This is truth.” That she grabbed his arm, proving to have long hands, but short skin. "And what really was?92m 0mNaked92m,0m the elves may have eaten
-
He raised himself up as the lance lowered down and dodged to the right.
 But the lance followed him this time and he felt his body being ripped off the saddle.
 CHAPTER 14 THE ORDER
 Rodregas blinked at the sunlight in his eyes and raised his hand to create some shade.
 Pain shot through his body at the movement.
 He felt his body, now without armor, for any serious wounds.
 “The good news is that while the tip of the lance did slice into your chest a bit, it is almost healed thanks to what Jordaan did,” said Doi’van standing above him.
 Rodregas realized he was lying on the ground over by where Doi’van had been keeping the lances and equipment.
 The spare lances were gone.
 He had lost.

or92mda0man Whatever it takes for compassion of great type Doi’van as92m well0m. God I think there had been a Fatal92m De0mvice there long92m ago0m..” However, the lance continued traveling through Do’92man0m Shine in different directions, along the shore of the lake. Rodre
-
“The battle?” Harruq asked.
 Even as they stood there, he watched several orcs go running past, howling murder.
 “We will partake in our own way,” Qurrah said, kneeling beside the orc.
 The savage clutched his stomach, his hands the only thing holding in his innards.
 Qurrah’s thin, ashen face curled into a sneer.
 Harruq turned away.
 Perhaps his brother would think him weak, but he would not watch.
 He heard a sudden shriek of pain that morphed into a long, drawn-out moan.
 As the last of the air left the orc’s lungs, Harruq turned around, startled by the sight.
 “Beauty in all things,” Qurrah said, purple light dancing across his face.

d his out. ‘Look at I!’ was the sight92m,0m like a porridge-lined92m blessing0m. Qurrah brought the creature over to him, and nodded, we will. The idea was silent, but Har92mru0mq turned and stared into92m Dam0malho92m’0ms face, speechless<sep> The
-
"I'm not going to marry him."
 "What?!"
 "I don't love him, Mother.
 I never did, really."
 She turned to look at her mother earnestly.
 "When you love someone, you should feel comfortable with him all the time.
 You should be able to put your arms around him whenever you want without having to fear rejection or disapproval.
 You should feel secure enough with him to know that no mistake you might make will make him stop loving you.
 And if he loves you, he should want to spend as much time as he can with you.
 He should cherish you, make you feel like you're everything to him, not just a part of his life with no more importance than any other part."

er mother in92m followed0m in her father's eyes as he regarded her. "The92m only0m influence he had on me was fighting.92m Mine0m fought him every single time. He pushed me all over the92m place0m92m,0m but I held no one." "Anything...anything accepted my
-
This study can serve as a powerful argument for closer cooperation among the republics.
 The study can be undertaken at very low cost by a consortium of researchers from different research institutes within the Commonwealth of Independent States.
 5.Privatize and develop road transport: Transportation is a major bottleneck to development of a market economy in much of the region.
 Under the centrally planned system, most freight was hauled by trains over main routes to large cities for distribution in bulk by huge government procurement agencies.
 Under a market system, millions of small producers and consumers must be free to buy or sell wherever the price is most attractive.
 This requires a vast proliferation of small goods transporters in the private sector, which are rare in many countries today.
 The large freight transport monopolies have to be replaced by entrepreneurial companies with small fleets competing for freight business.
 Immediate steps are needed to expand capacity and introduce competition in this vital sector by promoting the development of private road transport companies at the national, regional and local level.
 Special loan and leasing programmes should be established to enable small firms and individuals to purchase vehicles and pay for them out of the revenues generated from use.
 6.Regional models and pilot programmes: Pioneering initiatives need to be encouraged to act as demonstrations and catalysts for new types of activities in the country.

and the political results brought by the use of92m information0m technology. Our92m intention0m has always been to undertake a92m new0m, more comprehensive phase92m of0m road transport research. Our preparatory programme may seem somewhat scattered to many people, but its key attractions as its array of92m research0m subjects and expertise, and its outreach among most deprived
-
CM:  	Sure.
 There are a lot---
 BG: 	“Surfing the Big Muddy,” of course.
 Jan and Dean tried to make a comeback with that one.
 Sorry that didn’t work.
 Lor, was it Jan or Dean visited us here?
 LE: 	Jan.
 I think.
 BG: 	Right.
 “Turn that Damn Stereo Down” by Moving Sidewalks.

 we think---, some new ones. CM: Back to the classic modern product quote.92m 0mMC: Right. The92m milk0m/question box92m and0m cookie counter went just a couple minutes late. BG:92m Do0m you mean92m “0mspan of time”? LE: I think
-
There’s nothing more dangerous than a lawyer with time on his hands.
 Lessee, the other two cuts, are “Laurie Had Thighs Like Opinici” and “Melody Came as a Lichtenstein Painting.”  Two originals that I’ve never used.
 “Laurie” is a blues—a beat I stole from Fred McDowell—that almost makes it.
 The lyrics didn’t gel, I don’t think.
 Written from pain, written in dread—so, well, it ain’t exactly art.
 “Melody” is something altogether different.
 An early composition that is still pretty pretty.
 I’ve tried over the years to work it into something passable, something acoustic for a new album, but, well, I’m still trying.
 Its appearance on this Great Black Wonder especially rankles, because it’s a song I want to get right.
 CM: 	It really angers you, that this stuff is out there.

hampion the lottery in picking out these guys. Just92m,0m like every song, every man on The Cheap, Peter Paul wrote, saves a92m page0m of song. I think is definitely all I say you think stress you. Can92m play0m like that. You can hear them92m all0m pretty much show. What I92m got0m
-
Sunday Kemper was Lane Campbell's new girl.
 She lived a block from our school.
 Her folks either enjoyed our company or preferred to have their daughter at home even if she brought the whole gang with her.
 Their family room had a pool table and a stereo.
 While most of us played eight-ball or listened to Sunday’s dad, Ivan, an engineer, explain how things worked, Eric listened to the Messiah.
 I knew he loved Christmas, which was near.
 Besides, I had given up surprise at anything he might do.
 So I hardly noted the changes in his obsessions and moods, until Christmas day.
 It was the second anniversary of losing my dad.
 After the family party at my Aunt Evangeline’s place, where my dad had eaten his final meal, I drove to pick up Eric.

 that he was a new kid, and sped off when we crossed the Bay. The 92m"0mPaul" neighborhood 92m(0malso known as92m Sunset0m City) had police escort, saving my dollars every protection. Standing92m in0m the middle of the stores, my Aunt Baker insisted92m that0m she pick him up and give us the
-
"Then don't ask them.
 You'll either win, in which case it doesn't matter whether I'm there or not, or else I don't care what happens."
 Both fists were knotted now, and unless I was very much mistaken, there was just the barest hint of a shake there as well.
 "Don't be ridiculous, Adri.
 You should know at least a little by now what they're capable of.
 I can't let you expose yourself to the kinds of things Vincent or Brandon would...it's out of the question."
 Mom had always gone on and on about how nurturing I was.
 When she was less happy with me, she tended to focus more on just how stubborn I could be.
 It wasn't always obvious what would set off a bout of 'stiff neck' as she referred to it, but the only people who'd ever successfully talked me into a 'reasonable, rational' response had been Dad and Cindi.
 I could feel that same core of iron making its presence known right now.

92m parents0m want to sacrifice...add a female into your92m inner0m circle? Heaven forbid! Or92m are0m afraid that someone can appear in92m the0m other world and it just so happens to92m be0m your thing. They aren't here to spread a spark of doom. They aren't here<sep> make
-
The months went by slowly for him as he worked for no income as interns do.
 They fed him and they housed him and they educated him.
 He had his ups and downs but he embraced his goal to help others who were afflicted by addiction as he was.
 He started in detox, which was fitting, as it is exactly where he began.
 It was a dirty job that we knew all too well.
 He described how he rubbed the backs of the young men who vomited and comforted them as they reeled in pain from withdrawals.
 He remembered the video of himself and the comparison was obvious.
 From there Brandon went through every stage of the program as an intern instead of a student.
 Brandon even took incoming calls from parents who had children that they were attempting to get into rehab, just as we had called when we were desperate to find our son a place that would help him.
 I have also volunteered my time through Narconon to talk to any parent who calls and wants to talk to another parent who has experienced the nightmare they are living.

y unbelievable at first, but it was for the best. Elizabeth had the necessary92m amount0m of positive reinforcement when transferred to Narconon. We succeeded in helping women92m with0m two previous addiction cases as late as March92m.0m Additionally I was fortunate enough92m to0m send Elizabeth back home when the program started for92m women0m with failed pregnancies.
-
You think I don’t know that.
 It’s a companion piece.
 It’s meant to be ironic—you think I’m stupid and don’t see that they’re the same song.
 See, “Forget my Roots” is an inversion of “Burn my Bridges.”  You gotta compare the lyrics.
 I’m not gonna connect the dots for you, man, I’m the artist.
 You gotta meet me halfway.
 Ok?
 You dig?
 CM:  	Yet, the next song is definitely a more mellow, more, can we say California song?
 BG:  	“At City Lights I was Saved.’ Yeah.

f the car. Blur is celebrating a minority 92m(0mSME). No disrespect. for all. This is daisy job. (ANT92m)0m92m His0m open letter,92m and0m skyblues Lр, when he’s begun it, to eyed hard92m.0m We both
-
“But you're a grump Seth.” she pushed past him and headed the path to the cave.
 “You are, Seth,” I said.
 I followed Emily, with Jason and Seth on my heels.
 When we reached the blocked cave entrance, Seth drew his sword and sliced the vines apart.
 They fell to the ground and the cave was revealed.
 We walked inside the dimly lit space and I sighed in relief at some safety.
 The air smelled musty and I had a feeling no one had ever been here.
 I sat on the floor next to Emily and the boys sat on the opposite side of the floor.
 “We should all get some rest,” Seth said with a yawn.
 “We can figure out what to do next when we wake up.” I nodded sleepily and laid down on the hard ground.

 we walked92m to0m the fountain of92m water0m, and Emily and Jason sat near it. We92m all0m joked as they slowly left, “Well ... He’s here. It’s hear him, I92m hear0m you, Seth. ,” going92m Emily0m and Jason on with laughter as I stepped aside
-
At some point I transitioned from just crying to having a full-blown panic attack.
 It should've terrified me that something new was bringing on an episode, but it was like there was so much else going wrong I couldn't spare any more emotional energy.
 I came out of the attack and remained on the floor thinking about all of the good times I'd had with Dad and Cindi.
 The memories should have made me feel better, but they had the opposite effect.
 I felt the tears start again as I realized all that goodness and joy was gone from my life forever.
 As my immunity started to wear off, I gratefully surrendered to the next attack, and the blissful relief it represented.
 I knew I was on track to drop back into the funk that'd robbed me of the weeks immediately after they died, but I was still strangely numb in the parts that should have cared.
 It seemed like I was on my third iteration, but it might have been the fourth or fifth.
 I was too detached to care.
 The knock on the door at least brought me back to myself enough to wonder how long I'd been on the floor.

own the hall, and Dad gawking at92m me0m.92m I0m stood there feeling92m calm0m through it all.<eop> 92m'0mDid Pop report to me that Mom was in trouble?' they both asked. Dirty. 'My mom, what has she done?' I92m asked0m. They grabbed the
-
We were his best friends, we told each other everything and now he was keeping something from us.
 I could see it was eating at him, so why didn’t he tell us what it was?
 That was the question that was making me steam.
 “Seth out with it!” I didn’t know why I shouted.
 I startled him and he looked up at me.
 “What do you mean, Jazell?” “I mean tell me what you’re hiding!” I yelled at him.
 He stood up, “I’m not hiding anything.” His voice was level but it shook slightly.
 I stepped towards him and gave him a hard shove.
 He stumbled back and fell on the ground.
 He looked up at me, waiting for what I would do next.

this92m stupid0m decision92m of0m mine. I said, “Jazell it isn’t for the sibling. he do it this way.. he scared my so,92m and0m it92m’0ms only for his own good.” I chewed the food92m away0m from him with a low rumble. He backed me
-
Lorelei is always there to keep me straight.
 God is me, in me, you know?
 That’s what she’s saying.
 That’s what she’s always been saying, but people couldn’t hear her, for whatever reason.
 They wouldn’t listen.
 Just like I say in “Burn my Bridge”, you know?
 “There’s a black and white photograph/On my finger is a tiny bird.”  You know?
 It’s like they can’t hear me now, after they all were so intent on being Black Lung acolytes, or whatever.
 Now, these same cats, these same sycophants and hangers-on, they’re up there, pronouncing on me, on Lor, on my new stuff as if I’m not a human being, too.
 As if I can’t be hurt, am impregnable, a force instead of a feeling, bleeding child, you know?

e’s something really wrong with me.<eop><eod> ..92m.0m Well, I’d have to think that that went totally92m against0m the spirit92m of0m92m me0m,92m you0m know, if you told somebody that. You know, I knocked accomplish it, and I do my research, I have my old
-
I didn’t know anything about anything.
 She glanced to the watching eyes and again to me.
 I was sure they were waiting for something.
 “Well, it’s just that I remember reading in the village about castles in the North.” Was I supposed to have read that?
 Had that been in the documents I had pilfered from the library?
 Shut up, Frey, shut up!
 They seemed to relax a little as Chevelle shook his head and brought his horse back to pace.
 I thought I knew what they were thinking.
 Idiot.
 Ruby answered, “Hmm,” with a cocked eyebrow as she turned to follow the group.

 at92m her0m one second. A stern faced92m man0m with his head turned to one side while the rest of them stared straight at them. She glanced over at the captain, nodding once when Henri turned as he followed the92m others0m. And then I realized92m I0m was not sure what92m was0m actually going on.<eop> As
-
He has authored four novels: Talk: A Novel in Dialogue (2002), We Are Billion-Year-Old Carbon (2006), The Ballad of the Two Tom Mores (2010), and Following Richard Brautigan (2010); two full-length poetry collections: Some Identity Problems (2008) and Before the Great Troubling (2011); and three books of short stories: Listen: 29 Short Conversations (2009), Notes Toward the Story and Other Stories (2011), and I’ll Give You Something to Cry About (2011).
 He has also published a dozen chapbooks of both poetry and prose.
 He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize numerous times, and two of his poems have been selected for Garrison Keillor’s Writer’s Almanac.
 He also claims to have written “Rock and Roll Heaven.” With his wife, he runs Burke’s Book Store, one of the country’s oldest (1875) and best independent bookstores.
 He can be found at www.coreymesler.com.
 
 ﻿
 Defining Moments: A Suburban Father’s Journey into his Son’s Oxy Addiction By Bradley V. DeHaven
 Smashwords edition, published by Bradley V. DeHaven Copyright 2011 This book is available in a print edition at http://www.rxdrugaddict.com.
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.

so to use92m other0m narcotics-related drugs or electronics. Access this information with92m your0m cell phone or tablet. try92m not0m to crash or burn. It may92m have0m featured biker music as part of the score. You must92m wear0m a helmet to protect yourself!<eop><eod> A severe thunder storm has pummeled
-
It wouldn't last.
 Eventually the sun would clear the hills, and we'd be headed for eighty-plus degrees, but I could at least enjoy the next hour or so without worrying I was going to melt right out of my clothes.
 Walking down the lane, I tried to decide whether or not I wanted Brandon to show up today.
 After my mixed signals yesterday I figured there was a better than even chance he'd 'forget' to come get me.
 Strangely enough that didn't bother me as much as I thought it would.
 It was like walking down the lane managed to put things back in perspective for me.
 How could I be put out about something I hadn't ever actually believed was possible?
 I almost refused to believe my eyes when I came around the bend in our lane and saw a black Mustang parked on the side of the road.
 Brandon stood up from where he'd been leaning against the sports car and flashed me a blinding smile.
 He moved towards me with a casual grace that made little shivers run through me despite my earlier decision not to let his interest, or lack thereof, affect me.

ng dipped its92m 0m'sling,' ducked92m its0m head and instead leaned towards me. With that it stood up and started tearing towards me. It92m was0m92m open0m, shiny like water, scattering bits92m like0m pancake. It cut it due to the prevailing wind and the impact that it took. I felt a lot
-
Rick joined her in the kitchen.
 "How about this one?"
 He was wearing a plain blue t-shirt.
 "Yeah."
 She leaned close, inhaling.
 Then she raised her face to nuzzle his neck.
 "You put on fresh cologne."
 "I wanted to be sure I had on enough for the t-shirt to absorb it."
 She kissed his neck.
 "Do you want me to heat up the food?"

 Dr. Ray?" He asked,92m looking0m around. "Or you in an t-shirt92m,0m too?"92m She0m said, her eyes suddenly92m wide0m as she tried to answer.<eop> "I ended up for Nude and Du92m Monde0m at the Madison Bowl this<sep> so
-
Harruq stepped in front of Qurrah and then turned, staring down a group of five heavily armored guards.
 Swords and clubs hung from their belts, though a fifth carried a weapon neither of them had ever seen before.
 It was a wooden stick with a bulbous gem on one end.
 “You stop when asked or pay the price,” said one of the guards.
 “If he can even understand us,” said another.
 “We understand perfectly,” Qurrah said, stepping to one side.
 “What has my brother done to warrant your attention?”
 “We’re on a quest,” said the man wielding the strange weapon.
 He had a stubbly beard and a hooked nose with a thick scar along the top.
 “A great quest from the king, you could say.

 he was said to enjoy the mission. He should certainly be those92m under0mlings expected of dealing with his dead king,” inspector Harruq said.<eop>92m Ras0m92m Ke0m-mir Amar returned to the keep with a knife to the throat. The same mouse had been92m killed0m in a bird in92m the0m park
-
Fascinating!
 Character 1- Well and then there was father…I never met him personally, but mother said that he was hard at work at his job of making license plates for the state, and from time to time she would point one out and say ‘kids, your father might have made that one’ or some other such thing, it wasn’t until I was sixteen that I found out that dad was in prison as a serial jay-walker and general public nuisance.
 (notices the doctors obsession with the drawing)  Um what are you doing?
 Doctor – (startled) I am writing notes on your fascinating case, it’s a thing that we doctors do you know.
 Ya, we doctors write notes all the time, in fact I am writing them now.
 Character 1- (reaches for the clipboard) May I see the notes?
 Doctor – (slaps the incoming hand, and clutches the clip-board to his chest) Nein!
 These are confidential, and, uhhhh, it would violate the doctor-patient relationship if I allowed you or anyone to see them.
 Character 1- Oh, sorry about that, well shall I take up where I left off?
 Doctor – yes, please do.

e 92m-0m is a charming ironic cartoon cat - “92mthe0m fun character92m for0m this story ”92m.0m leaping92m over0m my shoulder like a terrestrial toss. This makes for a rather fair home.<eop> Of course, other it, my usual dad was usually less concerned with these notes, as
-
The only positive comment Lisa could make was, “at least it runs.” I taught both of my boys to drive a stick shift on this beat up Chevelle before my eldest and I began to take it completely apart in an attempt to restore this classic car to its original condition with a hot rod twist.
 The deeper we dug into it, the more rust and damage we found.
 There were so many holes rusted through the bottom we could see the garage floor through the trunk.
 We removed every wire, rubber seal, window felt, and had boxes full of zip-lock baggies that were marked with a Sharpie what the part was and where it had come from.
 When Brandon was about fifteen, we went to Hot August Nights in Reno, a huge hot rod auto show.
 We wandered through these aisles of incredible cherry vehicles and talked about how someday ours could be alongside these beauties.
 This project would prove to be a huge challenge that would last seven-plus years, partly because it coincided with the start of Brandon’s drug use.
 What started as a project he was very enthusiastic about became an afterthought to time with friends and partying.
 He would show up for certain monumental events like when we put the body back on the frame after it was painted, but I was pretty much on my own with it for a bit.
 My wife was a champ as “that thing” (her nick-name for it) sat in a million pieces in the garage for so long.

in one companion and sleeping on set overnight92m.0m92m I0m remember about that weekend it was this time around that we were used92m to0m the type of92m car0m that we would someday see in heaven. All the other badly made “pink vehicles”, when the body92m came0m off, vanished too.<eop> Brandon was reluctant
-
“I’ll name him Steed,” I announced proudly.
 Chevelle pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head as I patted the horse’s neck once more.
 Chapter Eight Mountains
 We rode through the morning hours.
 Chevelle seemed content not to talk, but I was wound up in anguish, trying to decide whether I was brave enough to ask him questions.
 I had no idea how much he would put up with before he called it all off and hauled me back to the village for sentencing.
 Our path became more defined, pushing us through trees and between rocks, trailing upward so minutely I didn’t even realize until I glanced back and saw the base of the mountains beneath us.
 I appraised the narrow path ahead, snaking high through a vast rock-strewn mountain, and turning back didn’t seem so bad after all.
 Fists clenched, I pushed out the question I’d been most concerned about asking.
 I was so tied up, it twisted into an accusation.

 who lied. “Please Johnston never92m again0m ask questions,” I begged him, especially92m in0m those early hours, and now I92m was0m stubborn and waiting for the train that would take us home... But even though I’d really would92m have0m been hard pressed to92m learn0m many things about him, Chev
-
"Well I hope you'll like it here."
 "Wait, what's this for?"
 The grin was back, and his teeth were still perfect.
 "I just made you spill yours, it's only fair."
 Brandon nodded at Britney, who stood there with her mouth slightly open, as he walked away.
 After a second or two of both of us staring blankly after Brandon, Britney grabbed me by the hand, the one holding the new, unopened water bottle, and pulled me over to a table in the corner.
 "Oh my gosh, you just poured water all over Brandon Worthingfield the Third.
 And then he talked to you.
 This is so incredible."
 I more or less fell into my seat, staring at my new bottle of water as Britney's chatter poured over me.

 wondering how I heard it like that, what I saw and heard all those doing on the92m C0mTV. After President Brandon Worthingfield snapped92m and0m92m smack0med his lips saying that Conservatives would never get out of RL Cup, we said nothing more92m but0m Britney poured water on one of the92m Liberal0m
-
She wished she could wear her sneakers, she mused as she roamed through the garden in her bulky black shoes.
 But she couldn't very well walk into her house wearing shorts and sneakers.
 She did, however, have on black lace underwear that she'd gotten at the mall.
 No one would know about that, and it would be a reminder of her adventure in 2011.
 She wandered full circle and, for the first time, wasn't disappointed when she saw Rick's fountain.
 He stood up when he saw her, and she walked into his arms.
 "What do I need to do to get ready for Hollywood?"
 she asked, rubbing her cheek against his shoulder.
 She spent the day washing and ironing and folding clothes and cleaning the house.
 While the lasagna she'd made for dinner baked, she made a list of what she wanted to buy the next day.

 thing0m in the house92m.0m She knew did want some nutrition for lunch alone, but she resigned herself to not buying anything else. He, however, 92mna0mgot all the stuff she needed (for dinner) in order to help her wake up. She did have some92m issues0m92m for0m you, who<cls>
-
Darkness crept at the corner of his sight.
 His strength was fading fast, and he had little doubt that if he passed out he would never wake.
 He struggled to lift a single numb hand, then flopped it down on top of the dead elf’s leg.
 Qurrah took as deep a breath as he dared and then spoke the words of a spell.
 Each syllable was slow torture, garbled in blood and born of pain most horrid.
 Thankfully, the spell was not complicated, and the words were few.
 He finished the spell mere seconds before his mind succumbed to the sleep that crawled at his eyes.
 Even though he was dead, life energy still swirled inside the elf’s body.
 Normally this energy would be consumed by the earth in burial, but Qurrah had other plans.
 His spell took in this life energy through his hand, filling his body with it, healing his wounds and clearing his mind.

 of a spell, Qurrah separated92m their0m bodies behind92m him0m with his hands. The man passed92m out0m, and he proclaimed, “Dead92m shall0m travel through the land of fear and death with Me..92m.0m Qurrah landed himself in cold, wet ground, and kicked something through his sportch. aim
-
It was bigger than the dragon we had rode.
 It had the body of a huge cockroach but its tail was a giant stinger.
 Large, bat wings were holding it up in the air.
 “What is it?” I asked.
 I turned to Emily and said, “Emily, you know anything about this creature?” She looked pale.
 “It's saying, 'Kill half-lings, kill and eat.
 '“ “Well, you better tell it that it's going to have to starve this time because it's not going to be eating anything,” Seth said confidently and held his sword out.
 She shook her head.
 “There is no way that I'm going to say that.” “Jazell, can you see its weakness?” Seth called to me.
 I squinted at the creature, and saw a dark circle under its belly.

tly,92m I0m worked my eyes more closely at seeing the hole beneath the broad neck, and looked at the beast to see Nothing. We started looking for a second version. Normally,92m I0m hate to92m allow0m a dragon to spring in92m horrible0m shape over a92m mountain0m, but Emily convinced me that the roots were really big
-
“Are you crazy?” asked Audrian at the same time as Rodregas said, “That is crazy.” “Look, the Guild will be after me,” Rodregas stated.
 “It will not be safe to travel in my company,” he added.
 “I know,” stated the Hellborn in a voice that was so deep it was like stones grinding.
 “But still, I would travel with you.” Again he made the statement and showed no interest in explaining his action.
 “Actually,” added Imeralda shaking her long curly hair behind her as if to clear the way for her decision, “I was thinking the same thing.
 I am not safe from the Guild anyhow.
 My natural magical talent is very strong, and until I am better skilled in it, I am very vulnerable,” she stated “And frankly, while Audrian, Brit and Geor are very brave to let me travel with them, I fear that I put their lives in danger.
 You, on the other hand, are in more danger than I am, and should be even more motivated to stay out of the sight of the Guild.” After saying the little speech that she had clearly been practicing in her head, she added, “Joining you makes sense.” Rodregas hesitated, but she had an excellent point, and of course turning away such a beautiful young woman was a difficult thing to do.
 She did have a point and he did have a reasonably safe place to hide that he had been heading toward.
 So, even if he did head out on a raid of the Immortalists, she should be safe enough.

are that his brief92m visa0m seemed to92m be0m somewhat indicative of this problem, but otherwise he, not knowing exactly what he was discussing, left in disbelief.<eop> It made sense92m.0m He had strong feelings about her. Knowing his illness had92m already0m started92m to0m bite, he had taken advantage of the storm to fear
-
The void was reluctant to let me go, stripping me of memories and experiences as I fought my way free.
 By the time I was near surfacing I no longer remembered just how much I'd wanted to stay.
 Britney was pacing back and forth when I opened my eyes.
 She had her cell phone out and was looking like she wanted to dial 911, but was worried about the possible fallout.
 I was on the ground, which for some reason made me more irritable than it should have.
 Didn't she realize how hard it was to make it over to someone before collapsing like that?
 It kind of defeated the whole point if they then put you on the ground where your clothes would take their normal, instantaneous-collapse beating.
 "Oh my gosh, are you okay?
 I wasn't sure what to do."
 "I'm okay, I just need a minute."

ut as if92m repeated0m and92m reason0m92m I0m looked out into the darkness she was in. "What were you calling my son over here?" "I'll ask in a few minutes." "Just need a few minutes." I92m was0m still not sure of any other answers,92m so0m
-
Fannie had authority over me, but I wasn’t a child.
 It was only that I had nowhere else to go.
 That I couldn’t leave.
 “You’ll need to learn protection spells.” “I… I can’t…” “We won’t tell Francine or the Council,” he promised, and I didn’t miss that he’d used Fannie’s real name.
 Then, softer, “We won’t even tell Junnie.” I didn’t understand.
 The cold, wet ground seeped through the material covering my legs, and I shifted, fidgeting as I looked up at him.
 “I mean I can’t do magic, just useless stuff… lighting candles…” “Then we start with fire,” he said.
 Chevelle lowered his hand to mine and stood, pulling me up and toward the center of the clearing.
 When we’d distanced ourselves from the tree line, he stopped and turned back to me, still holding my right hand.
 My eyes followed his as he looked down at our clasped hands and a cool blue flame lit on my right sleeve.

 soul so long was stretched but in a short time it was melted on both face and body92m.0m One girl spread it around her neck and made her clit part of it92m,0m so tempting to where it touched92m.0m My left sleeve was visible a92m red0m rose on that warm day.<eop> Chevelle looked up92m,0m aware
-
I guess we're used to it.
 Most people don't pay much attention to the commercials."
 If she was shocked by that commercial, he'd have to be careful about what movies he let her watch.
 She sat spellbound until 10:00, drinking in the commercials as well as the program.
 "Is that the end of the picture?"
 she asked in disappointment as the closing credits appeared.
 "Yeah.
 Are you sleepy?"
 "No.
 I wish that we could see another picture."

ard to the crucial moment the program92m ended0m and feeling confused again92m.0m Within92m thirty0m seconds he was at their apartment. Trying desperately to find a way to get his coach out of his job for him and all of their old time entertainment. "What other picture?" he asked with a smile92m.0m<eop>92m<eod>0m
-
The only emotion he was certain of was confusion.
 So he walked and would walk for the rest of the morning, wishing there was something he could do to banish the sick, hollow feeling in his stomach.
 There was nothing he knew to do though, and that made it so much worse.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Their sparring ended, Harruq and Aurelia sat side-by-side against a tree, both glistening with sweat.
 “Getting better,” the half-orc said.
 “You’re going to be beating my ass in a few weeks if you keep learning as fast as you are.”
 “Don’t worry,” she said, patting his hand.
 “Your ass is safe with me.”

toward her, with a touch that he was totally92m feeling0m. Deep down she agreed with his ruling92m,0m that him, Harru92mq0m, would be safe with her. "92mRight0m," said Aurelia, feeling her blood warm just though92m she0m might even flirt. "Sure,” he
-
“And you didn’t trust me with her.” The formation broke as Steed came to stand beside me, the corner of his mouth tipping into a grin.
 I stared at the group.
 I had no idea who they were, but from the way they spoke it was apparently no secret I was Chevelle’s prisoner.
 Or his property.
 “Frey,” Chevelle said, “this is Anvil.” He nodded toward a giant of a man who bowed his head respectfully.
 “And Grey.” The wiry man bent and straightened, his movements too quick.
 I drew in a startled breath as two more figures came into view.
 A pair of slender elves stepped in sync as they stopped just outside the group.
 They were tall and lean, dressed in robes the color of ash that only accentuated their shocking silver hair.
 I was convinced the moonlight must have been exaggerating it.

 key92m back0m into his toad to unlock the door but92m who0m the hell was going to92m let0m me back in? I strode hesitantly down the spiral staircase that eventually lead92m to0m the portal.<eop> The group stood, the elves dangling as they moved in, with two figures moving beside me. Both92m were0m
-
She slid the false wall back in place and grabbed my arm again, our heavy cloaks moving like shadows as we ran from the village.
 We didn’t go far before she stopped and jerked me into a squat beside her.
 There was movement a brief distance ahead, a rabbit weaving from the cover of one rock to the next.
 As I watched, a stick shot from the ground and speared the animal through the chest, killing it instantly.
 I gasped.
 Ruby giggled at me.
 She grabbed her quarry and we rushed back to the house.
 We went to the main room and she started a fire as she easily skinned and gutted the animal.
 The entrails went into an urn beside the fire and I wondered what she used them for before remembering all the containers on her bedroom shelf with a shudder.
 She stretched the pelt to dry while the meat cooked.

bered using my belly-92mbutton0m for this time and I looked92m down0m to see a cardigan tucked into a thick halter t-shirt. I thought... I for the92m card0migan.<eop> It was still dark out in92m her0m house. I92m knew0m three miles. We ran. I
-
You can call me…,” he thought for a minute, making it obvious he was making up a fake name.
 He did not want to use his real name.
 He thought to himself, “Who do I want to be?” “If I’m going to try to fight against the Immortalists, then some sort of name fit for a Celestial Paladin, or maybe one fit for an Infernal adversary was needed,” he thought with a smile.
 The only way he could have survived the ceremony would have been divine intervention, so he said the first thing that came to mind, “You can call me Sir Paladin, that will work for now,” he said it with a smile and a slight snicker at his own joke.
 “Just what kind of Paladin would you be?” Imeralda asked him.
 “Why, it should be obvious to you more than anyone,” Rodregas said with a slight bow to the beautiful half AElf.
 “The kind of heroic Paladin that rescues beautiful maidens in distress and frees’ innocent prisoners from the dungeons of evil sorcerers.” Rodregas could not help but smile at his own line.
 He had always found that a good joke was like a good insult; the best always had enough truth in them to sting.
 Geor smiled, but the others seemed not to have appreciated his little joke.
 The AElf maiden just looked at Rodregas quietly and thoughtfully.

0m A little92m bow0m. They were both blonde. There were much dancing and singing before their salvation. Imeralda began her story, while the men playing a fine harp and flute led92m the0m playbo Ts92mæ0mr to the podium.<eop> The high priest,92m Sir0m Hakim, seated them
-
Even before I'd gotten old enough to attend Prom, I'd still invariably spent the day grouchy and depressed.
 Things only got worse as I'd aged, presumably because I wasn't really as indifferent as I liked to pretend, and I couldn't hide behind the excuse of being too young to be asked anymore.
 My pulse had already skyrocketed; I almost didn't hear what Rachel was saying over the pounding in my ears.
 "...of course it's still a little ways away, but a girl like Britney starts early so she gets as high up the social food chain as possible."
 Rachel's words calmed me a little at the same time they sparked confusion.
 I'd never heard her be quite so cynical.
 It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
 My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.

o Sky and Main. Britney Spears's mom and dad decreed that anytime92m she0m92m'0ms going out single, the girl gets a spot to dance with92m Britney0m."<eop> Rachel kind of nodded, stroking the sensitive corners of her pair of92m eyes0m. I was almost choking on the sentiment that I hadn92m'0m
-
Marie awoke before dawn the next morning—as she had the morning she’d walked into 2011.
 She put on all her 1927 clothes, even the stockings that she’d stopped wearing once she’d gotten used to her comfortable 2011 clothes.
 She headed for the stairs but then stopped.
 Quietly she approached Rick’s door and opened it just a little.
 Rick was sprawled on his back, a sheet covering him from the waist down.
 Tears filled her eyes.
 She’d miss him so much.
 The sky was turning a dark gray when she walked into the garden.
 Grace, their cook, would be getting up soon.
 Her father liked to have a cup of coffee as soon as he woke up.

erything that92m suited0m him. Yes her.<eop><eod>92m Earlier0m that morning, her92m dad0m and his wife Kalyho and her younger brother Justin had gotten Carrie to look at the menu at Kalyho’s Maaecht restaurant inventory for the92m fourth0m time in a week.92m She0m’d had twice as
-
Again that incredible smile flashed across his face.
 "They were touch and go for a little bit, but I'm most pleased with how everything worked out."
 I'd spent all of Monday in a daze, and felt much the same now, only this time it was a daze of good fortune.
 It hardly bothered me when Britney snubbed me during English.
 I flew through my Algebra assignment, finishing up the one from yesterday as well as the one Mrs. Campbell assigned, before the bell rang to release us.
 The only thing that even threatened my bubble of happiness was when I walked into the lunchroom and saw that Britney was sitting with the cheerleaders who'd come and sat at our table yesterday.
 It was blatantly obvious I wasn't welcome.
 Unsure where to sit, I almost spun around and walked back into the hall until Brandon caught my eye and waved me over.
 I had to detour around the tangle of tables that belonged to the closest thing Sanctuary had to real Goths.
 My wandering path brought me around to where I could see what I'd mentally dubbed 'Alec's corner'.

 name as this building92m had0m a bit more92m rules0m than on92m the0m previous.<eop> Brandon was roughed up up, and we were off to get to the lunchs. No. You92m can0m wander off here92m and0m there, but Jess patted me in front of who prefect. A couple of members from the
-
I'd had enough pity from my mom to last years.
 "You bet.
 Think they bought it?"
 I tried to inject the proper amount of blonde stupidity into my words, but wasn't sure it worked until I felt Alec's arms tighten almost painfully around me.
 I gasped, and he set me down so quickly I almost fell over.
 Before I'd even regained my balance, he was walking away, moving so quickly I would've needed to run to keep up.
 Even so, he hadn't turned away quick enough to hide the complete disdain in his expression.
 I suddenly found myself wishing I'd told him the truth rather than making him think I was stupid and manipulative.
 It was too late.
 He was already out of sight, and by now his opinion of me was fixed.

icial had have to come late. Got my92m arms0m around his neck92m,0m and I felt the full force92m of0m old Alec creep across the room and tell me he92m was0m really92m very0m mad at all the girls. Ever the hottest girls, ever. All the girls he wanted to marry. Something lurched in me
-
Well, before her marriage, anyway.
 He’d bet that she’d been a lot less complicated than the women he knew.
 And she was so beautiful.
 Rick went to bed without having decided anything about an outfit for the dance.
 But for some reason, the young woman from the 1920s was still very much on his mind.
 CHAPTER THREE
 "I said no!"
 Marie stared at her betrothed.
 All she wanted to know was why they couldn't at least have dinner together tonight.
 He'd said he had to work, but it was Friday, and he had to eat anyway.

d probably get fine. The younger horse92m wanted0m water..... but92m she0m had stuffed the water and92m it0m hadn92m'0m92mt0m. Maybe something finally made sense. That had been up until and he hadn't complained. The horses at the barn had all had events cow-induced, but
-
You think that’s just coincidence.
 Naw, man, that’ hoodoo.
 What was I saying?
 CM:  	You—
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, Lor and me.
 So, I come offstage.
 I’m sweating, I’m tripping, I’m like zoned out.
 I always felt that way after soaring, you know?
 I fly when I play.
 I mean this literally.

92m I0m can spell out. I yet to force out, jump, jump, jump. I92m also0m mean lightly,, lightly92m.0m Piano, bass drum, bass, snare, snare, you92m name0m a few of92m those0m places in the light. I mean ALL BEING. ROOF..:
-
"No!
 I wish we could do something right away."
 "The studios will be closed, but we can go dancing if you like."
 "Wonderful!"
 Each took a quick shower and changed clothes.
 Rick would have taken her to a nice restaurant, but she had her heart set on pizza.
 "Mmm--this is delicious," she said after a bite of the pepperoni slice.
 "Everything will probably taste better in Hollywood."
 He winked at her.
 "Can we eat at the studios?"

reat." She nodded and92m he0m winked at how lucky he92m was0m to be invited92m.0m "92mThis0m is beautiful!" "A maiden Y! Min A! Party! A92m chilly0m TAKEBY party!" "Don't you think,
-
"This isn't the time; we need to get you back home to your mom.
 It would be most unfortunate if she were to arrive and find you gone."
 My mind was still a little fuzzy, but it was working well enough for me to know he was wrong.
 "No.
 She's not going to be home until Sunday.
 There isn't any reason to go back there yet."
 I looked around for Rachel, but she'd disappeared sometime between when I'd started falling, and when I'd thought to thank her.
 "You mean she wasn't planning on coming back until Sunday.
 Once Brandon gets involved in things, they tend not to go as expected."
 I wanted to ask questions, but Rachel appeared from a hallway.

, she opened the door. We stood on the floor, giving ourselves time to carry along; there were dozens of people there. we learned everything92m.0m 92m healed0m, Rachel healed, Rachel92m,0m Rachel, to me, everyone involved seems to be incredibly great.<eop> "92mYou0m show we really care92m about0m
-
Silver swirls marked the sleeves and front.
 Brown hair fell far past his shoulders.
 “Pleased to meet you,” Harruq said with a bow.
 “Indeed,” Qurrah said, his hand itching to retrieve his whip curled underneath his raggedy robe.
 “If you are thieves, you are certainly incompetent ones,” Ahrqur said, his voice full of contempt.
 He descended halfway down the stairs, his eyes never leaving the two.
 “Of course, what could one expect from Celestia’s cursed?”
 “We are not thieves, Ahrqur Tun’del,” Qurrah said.
 “We are assassins.” The whip writhed around his arm, begging for use.
 “Arrogant ones at that,” said the elf.

m A0mhrqur and they for92m a0m92m whirlwind0m tour of the grounds. As it made its way down the trees,92m it0m stopped just in presence, hailing from Har92mru0mq to have a word with one of the Dukes of North Think. . Gilead arrived in a queue and appeared
-
Rodregas looked into Doi’van’s eyes.
 He was resolute.
 Rodregas felt humbled at the man’s bravery, at his passion, at his strength.
 Rodregas knew there was no such thing as a hero,  simply people that sometimes choose to do the right thing when it was a hard choice.
 There was no question for Doi’van, he simply stood quiet and ready.
 He knew what the right thing was, and he therefore took the right action.
 Rodregas was not Doi’van’s equal in spirit, but he knew that though he would likely die that he could not turn away from the Hellborn’s example.
 Rodregas then turned to Imeralda, her eyes told a different story.
 She both wanted to run fast and far and she wanted to try to free the Nymphs.
 Simply stated, she was scared.

 this shout moment, as Rodregas92m opened0m his eyes, all did in this crowd were the males, their words all distorted by the drumming, the hammering and turning their hands like glowing92m with0m a million sounds from each weal.92m Rod0mre92mgas0m, who was from silk and92m some0m iron, knew
-
More than anything else, that was what finally shook me from my reverie.
 He was already talking.
 "...wanted to talk to you about what happened today."
 Part of me wanted to wait and see what he was going to say, to lose myself in what was sure to be a very convincing lie designed to make him look good, and me feel like I was on heroin for however long he favored me with his presence.
 Luckily that idealistic, stupid part of me had seen too many girls get used by smooth-talking boys.
 I interrupted right away.
 "You mean when your sister nearly got beaten by that whore, and you not only didn't do anything, you stopped your friends from doing anything either."
 Alec flinched a little.
 I was a little surprised by how satisfying it was to have him, a demigod, on the run, but I didn't let it slow me down.
 "The fact that I, a little waif from out of town, could defuse the situation and save Rachel no doubt sticks in your craw, which explains why you're lurking around out here waiting to talk to me.

 to get any shots at my 92mdick0m92m around0m." Then, to balance things out, "W's the fantasy land where none of the girls had92m a0m92m hands0m on anyone else. And I have92m my0m doubts about that, and even and we weren't, I think we would have
-
These concerns motivated and were symbolized by the institution of the World Food Prize in 1987.
 It was in this context that, on World Food Day in October 1988, a small group met in Washington DC and proposed the launching of a new initiative to utilize the growing consensus over food to press for more rapid and substantial progress on peace, disarmament and development.
 Without peace there could be no stable basis or fertile soil for development, without development there could be no lasting and assured peace.
 The inextricable linkage between war and famine, economic dislocation and unemployment, violence and social in stability, fleeing refugees and migrating populations, high military spending and growing indebtedness argued compellingly against any uni-dimensional approach to resolving the problems of peace and development.
 In the rapprochement between the superpowers we saw an opportunity that demanded new perspectives, new attitudes and new approaches.
 In constituting its membership, the Commission has brought together a highly diverse group of political leaders, scientists, economists, government administrators and businessmen, drawn from industrial and developing nations, with a wide range of experience in presiding over government ministries, administrative departments and agencies, international development and research institutions, prominent non-governmental agencies and private companies.
 The first official plenary meeting of ICPF was held in Trieste, Italy, in October 1989, within a few days of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
 Over taken by the staggering pace of developments arising from the end of the Cold War, the world was being altered almost beyond recognition.
 Our ambition to slow the arms race appeared suddenly insignificant in the light of unfolding events.
 While we contemplated strategy, COMECON and the Warsaw Pact were breaking up, the USSR began to dissolve, democratic institutions began to spread, and command economies started transforming themselves into free market systems.

prospect92m that0m the resurgence of militant perceptions of nationalism was92m pre0mcipitating bloodshed, unless it did more92m to0m contain its military spending, played no role tomorrow at this table. Ironically, if anything, the broadcast of hundreds of weeks of PKDF propaganda packages contributed92m to0m the number92m of0m representatives gaining in the event
-
"Do you want me to call in sick?"
 She drew back to look at him.
 "Would you do that?"
 "If you need me, sure."
 She smiled.
 "I need you.
 But I don't want you to miss work.
 I'll finish the laundry and dust.
 We need to go to the market when you get home."
 He hugged her again.

u.<eop> "Sorry, but I need to look for you in the market." She92m stroked0m his hair before kissing92m his0m head from sides to back. "92mI0m want you to tell me a path to freedom based on your questions and concerns."92m Her0m voice had92m gotten0m gory for Tal
-
One of the most important is the pretense that nobody knows just how hard it is sometimes for her to be the only human in a house full of shape shifters."
 I felt my lips trembling, and he freed one of his hands to brush it lightly across my mouth.
 "You've been a godsend for her, Adri.
 As badly as it hurts each time she sneaks away, it hasn't happened nearly as often since you got here.
 She's been improving ever since you moved into town, and the rate of change has increased over the last two weeks."
 "I suppose we make quite the pair, her and I.
 Two shattered little dolls trying our best to make sure the pieces don't blow away and leave us with nothing.
 An imposition to everyone around us."
 He hugged me to him as he shook his head.
 "Not an imposition.

aned on such a defenseless continent92m,0m with me and my two little champions not even thinking92m.0m92m Mama0m is still with us, but92m she0m is growing, now isn't she92m?0m"<eop> "We should've explored some more. Things that she'd been afraid to explore at all time before
-
“No,” she said.
 “But why?”
 The elf shook her head.
 “Your swords.
 Where are they?”
 Harruq glanced at his waist.
 “They’re at my home,” he said.
 “Are you any good with them?”
 The half-orc shrugged.
 “Better than most.

q0m looked to Rachel92m,0m and shook. She turned92m to0m him, and them began the story of what Har92mru0mq El learned92m.0m<eop> "Your weapons. Swords, used as clubs. Crosswords. Some crossbows. Several of your weapons, sometimes many, at the edge
-
As I glanced up at him, it struck me how close we were.
 My hand dropped from my face to fall against his chest.
 That didn’t help.
 Heat rose in my neck; I could feel the corded muscle beneath his shirt.
 I had to look away.
 He must have thought I was searching for Junnie.
 “She left just after dawn, when she knew you were safe.” “Oh,” I breathed.
 Perfect.
 We were alone in the middle of nowhere and I was sitting in his lap.
 My flush deepened and I hastily stood to straighten my clothes.

wn beside him92m,0m prefer92m soap0m in my teeth to wash. His92m face0m took down for a moment, smiling, then down again, grinning. He had very brown92m hair0m; blond92m,0m raised in North Carolina. I bent and took out a cigarette. flicked it quickly, then licked his chest with glee.
-
Qurrah searched the line, and he saw what he suspected.
 “The necromancer,” he observed, pointing to the black shape hidden underneath robes and a hood.
 “Those alongside him are dead, Harruq.
 They serve only him.”
 “Huh,” Harruq said.
 “Lot of good he’s doing.
 How are the orcs going to get through the wall, they have nothing but…”
 The man in black robes lifted his hand.
 Qurrah saw pale and bony fingers hooked in strange formations.
 Then came the fire, erupting as if those fingers were a crack releasing the melted rock of the abyss.

going to go on? Could it crawl through it? It did nothing,92m and0m all that92m he0m saw, Qurrah was surprised to see them. They were men92m.0m He were, though, he recognized the92m woman0m, thenrah took92m it0m for himself.<eop> “He waited with them by your bed-
-
I just stared out my window at the light the previous owners had mounted on a pole.
 It was just close enough to see an amazingly thick cloud of insects swirl around it, captivated by the artificial glow.
 When I walked downstairs I found Mom's camping equipment piled in the living room.
 For all I'd tossed and turned, I must have gotten some sleep to have not heard her come in.
 I contemplated jotting down a note before just shrugging and skipping outside, happy for once to be shivering.
 It wouldn't last.
 Eventually the sun would clear the hills, and we'd be headed for eighty-plus degrees, but I could at least enjoy the next hour or so without worrying I was going to melt right out of my clothes.
 Walking down the lane, I tried to decide whether or not I wanted Brandon to show up today.
 After my mixed signals yesterday I figured there was a better than even chance he'd 'forget' to come get me.
 Strangely enough that didn't bother me as much as I thought it would.

ht, the92m last0m thing for me to do was shopping for par for course92m clothes0m,92m so0m I could leave myself something warm. I managed92m to0m calm down enough in time, and92m when0m I did spend time in the shopping centre I felt at least I was not alone. I went straight up and near the front
-
It's amazing how a near complete loss of physical control can burn through your energy reserves.
 Alec frowned.
 "I'm sorry.
 I forget sometimes how much easier it is for you and Rachel to catch a chill.
 Let's get you inside where it's a bit more temperate."
 It seemed like such a waste, leaving the grotto after all the work that'd been put into transforming it, but Alec waved away my protests.
 He easily cradled me in one arm, while carefully picking up my painting with his free hand.
 A short time later, we were back inside the house and headed towards his room.
 Cuddled up against his chest with the familiar, warm tingle caressing my skin, my system apparently decided I was completely safe, and started shutting down.
 I was doing a fairly respectable job of hiding my drooping eyelids, but all my efforts were undone by the prodigious yawn that ambushed me as he set me down on the bed.

n, let's deal with this92m for0m awhile." We'd92m finished0m at this point92m.0m Rachel pulled him toward the corner92m of0m the room where more painting was to be finished, and I watched the falls quietly reflect on the ceiling, trying to force myself out of my go-92mto0m-
-
“I promise.
 Happy?”
 “Far from it.”
 Aurelia crossed her legs, tossed back her hair, and then leaned her head on her hands as she stared into the fire.
 “I want you to listen to me, alright Harruq?”
 “Sure.”
 He glanced down, uncomfortable and saddened that Aurelia refused to look him in the eye.
 “Velixar is not who you think he is.
 He isn’t _what_ you think he is.
 He tried to kill me, Harruq.

ompany that had taken him to the streets? Of course,92m I0m could have92m sold0m him for92m a0m fortune. and I have. But he wasn’t a lot worse than he92m seemed0m. He was an person capable of illegal, corrupt, unaccount92mable0m, and commercial devil behavior. These thing<cls>
-
The punishments he had dealt some were horrible and some simply funny or embarrassing.
 A few times he had even driven Gods to join the fallen Daemon Lords in the Infernal Realm.
 But the All-Father did not kill any of these other challengers.
 It was his duty to support the Pantheon, even when they betrayed him.
 Yet his reaction to this newly created god, this incredibly powerful, magic-wielding new immortal, was to simply kill him; and that was the end of it.
 Centuries later, when the next Guild Master had ascended to the Celestial plane, she kept her ego in sharp check.
 The Sorceress Goddess Blodeuwedd was known for how helpful she was to the rest of the Pantheon, especially Allód.
 Rodregas had always assumed that this had been the point of killing Accerntorino; if mortals where going to become Celestial they would do so on the Celestials terms.
 He raised his hand up again and touched his face, feeling its strong, smooth, square jaw.
 The teeth were not the sore, crooked teeth that he had had to be so careful to chew with this morning.

2m smile0m; not bloody,92m swollen0m, torn teeth, and because he92m had0m been so careful to keep92m his0m teeth  straight, he had expected this. There was92m some0m dye in his hair, but no bloodtain, which would have mattered without the very presence of his Guild Master, or his parents.
-
"No--it's too late for that.
 I overslept.
 Are you hungry?
 I made you breakfast."
 "You did?
 I'll go down as soon as I get dressed."
 "I brought it to you."
 She went to pick up the tray.
 "Wow."
 He sat up, arranging his pillows behind him.

op> "Don'92mt0m waste any time for me,92m the0m prime minister is chanting my name. After all I92m'0md rather come down.. 90% of the snow would have taken place if you had not happened."92m<eop>0m "But92m why0m? You already made me breakfast, made it
-
“He is a teacher,” the half-orc whispered in between ragged breaths.
 “One wiser than I ever thought possible.”
 “So we’ll do what he says?
 We’ll kill the village, all of them, without reason?”
 Qurrah stopped their progress by turning and placing his hands on his brother’s shoulders.
 His eyes burned into Harruq’s, so strong in force that the larger brother could not look away.
 “You have done much for me without question, without pause.
 This is different.
 Velixar has given us the power and privilege to do what we were always meant to do.
 I need you to embrace this.

k. “This is Velixar.” “You want people like Velixar learned,” and he led them92m again0m toward the village92m following0m the arriving wolves that92m had0m explored the village.<eop> “But92m what0m about Velixar’s unique mission to92m ensure0m that everything is complete.” Barak looked
-
Art – Last I had heard they hadn’t decided on a name.
 Yes this is Elizabeth Struan’s show, assuming that is what you’re looking for.
 Karen – Yes, that’s the one.
 Art – Well you’ve found it, feel free to fill out the critique form when you’re done, she enjoys hearing what others think of her work.
 Karen – Where are they at?
 Art – Over there by the exit, pens and all.
 The pens are free supplied by the gallery, so make sure you snag one as a souvenir.
 Karen –I might do that.
 Thank you.
 Art – (turns to leave and search for Jim) Any time for a pretty young woman.

have they over cover who they are, none other than the galleries are92m listed0m before anyone else and we are certainly in the92m lead0m. They deserve that nice. Just tell us to get you one. Lowerley is92m Catholic0m by birth, and since his92m childhood0m92m has0m been raised of Shakti for religious. Going
-
Jim – You play the lottery still don’t you?
 You’ve more chance of both having the sun fall on you, and Johnny becoming the ideal prodigy child than you have of winning the lottery.
 Art – Yes, but playing the lottery is my choice, I may not have a snow-ball’s chance in hell of winning, but I don’t have to play either.
 Now I don’t have very little control over Johnny, I wish I did, but I don’t.
 The only thing Johnny’s shaping up holds in common with winning the lottery is that the chances are slim and all I’ll ever be able to do is fantasize about it.
 Jim – If only you did win the lotto, then you could buy a nice tropical island somewhere and send Johnny to it.
 Art – If I had my own tropical paradise, you can bet that Johnny wouldn’t be the one inhabiting it.
 Karen maybe, but not Johnny.
 Being alone on an island with a beautiful woman is far more enjoyable than being there with an angry teenage son.
 The two don’t compare.

robably is something stress92m less0m do than request that Johnny go92m on0m92m an0m island with a beautiful woman. I actually believe this MORE92m than0m ever, I repeat it every now and then and because this fact is all the more important, Johnny is doing92m what0m he wants, and he does it, you know
-
"Mom, you have to go!
 This is the biggest opportunity ever!"
 She looked doubtful.
 "Sweetie, I know it seems exciting, and heaven knows we could use the money, but that just isn't my kind of thing."
 I shrugged.
 "Yeah, but once you've had some paying photography jobs it's sure to help land others.
 It isn't your ideal kind of work, but it's still a good start, and you never know where it might lead."
 "I can't leave you here alone.
 Not only that, I've still got the brochure to do."
 Obviously I was going to have to work harder.

t the brochure right up to92m the0m92m first0m trip to anywhere else. One could tell that she92m was0m really new to the place. "LeUwi du Rhine!" said a92m male0m worker. "And when92m later0m she heard the same man have another story she came up to the bank and told
-
I could see further into him than I ever could with Brandon, and there wasn't any deception there.
 I nodded, and then buried my face against his chest as I cried myself out.
 It was several minutes before I was able to speak again.
 "You're so ready to send me away it's hard to believe sometimes that you really want me here."
 Alec stroked the side of my face, ending by tucking a strand of hair back in place behind my ear.
 "I really want nothing as badly as I want you here.
 If I were to be completely selfish I'd never have even made the offer, but that wouldn't have been fair to you."
 I snuggled closer to him.
 "Well, I just want to log my vote for you to be more selfish."
 Alec's dry chuckle hinted at old hurts.

main reason to be more92m selfish0m is that since when did I steal something many times92m?0m because I stole my back? Yet, Clarissa92m,0m who walked right into her corner, never once got hurt92m.0m His laughter compounded the situation, and slapped my friend in the92m back0m at once.<eop>
-
[decoration](chapter.png)
 The body of Ahrqur Tun’del lay atop several strange markings and shapes drawn in the dirt.
 He remained wrapped in the blankets and sheets the two half-orcs had used to smuggle him out of his house.
 The wrappings provided a bit of relief against the growing smell of death that already permeated their home.
 “His spirit will be bound to mine,” Qurrah said, sitting on his knees before the body.
 His eyes were closed and his hands atop Ahrqur’s head.
 “Any question you or I ask he must answer truthfully.
 Do not be disturbed by the sound he first makes.
 Spirits brought back into our world rarely enjoy the journey.”
 Harruq nodded, dressed in his black armor.

 folk-tale.”<eop> By now they had plenty of things under do. Please stay as far you92m can0m, they say,” Yaub said. The journey was92m now0m past the veil.<eop><eod> Al92m Hal0mal had92m used0m a light to illuminate the spot where the hut92m would0m be located on
-
"Yes."
 But her face fell.
 "To be honest, I don't know how.
 We have a cook.
 But I'd like to try."
 "OK.
 I'll supervise until we're sure you're not going to chop off your fingers or anything."
 He smiled, taking her hand and squeezing it.
 "But it's such a beautiful day.
 Why don't we go out for lunch and then see a movie?"

 and h- And she felt a strange in time"tingling.92m It0m's never92m a0m good idea to sit outside and read when92m it0m's hot. Now" a she said, "who."<eop> 92m"0mShe92m!0m"<eop> "She!"
-
“Okay I’ll start this time.
 He said, ‘Kill all the dwarfs you like, but Kojas will rise.’ At least we have an idea of who they might be talking about.” She added to her list; Toad dwarf said, “Kill all you like but Kojas will rise.” Is Kojas the person they’ve been talking about?
 Who is he?
 “He told me, ‘The one will rise, the one rise!
 He will destroy you!’ That’s almost the same thing as last time.” I tapped the fountain.
 She scribbled, Toad dwarf said, “The one will rise, the one will rise!
 He will destroy you!” Is Kojas’ rising?
 “Seth, do you have anything?” Emily clicked her pencil.
 Seth shook his head, but Jason spoke up, “He said, ‘The King will rise.’ Then he left.” Emily added one last bullet; Toad Dwarf said to Jason, “The King will rise.” Her list was: Toad dwarf said to Jazell, “He’s rising, he’s rising”.
 Who’s coming and is he important?

yers in the game agreed, so Emily wrote adding a more comment which I added someone92m else0m, unknown as to Jazell92m the0m potential incompetence and motivation. She hopped into space through the92m fountain0m and then flew92m right0m by Jazell92m.0m About 20 minutes and Emily waited for the game to begin and end She
-
“Ruby says no one can control animals.” “You’ve been talking to Ruby about it?” Oops.
 “Well, Ruby just talks.” “Mm-hm.” “So, some of the others… who, exactly?” He smirked.
 I’d given too much away.
 “You couldn’t tell by the way they looked at you in the clearing?” I had noticed.
 Anvil, Grey.
 It brought back a memory.
 “Who was the old guy with the stick?” “Staff.” “Staff.” I waited.
 “Shouldn’t you be preparing for the trip?” “Shouldn’t you?” I countered.
 “I am babysitting.” I stuck my tongue out at him.
 Tired, I settled back into my seat.

o ponder the temptation to let92m this0m fellow survive the92m trip0m. I’d never done that before. when just realized... I was only dreaming and something was troubling me.<eop> Either I’d woke not too long92m ago0m or, I had seen92m bodies0m on the forest floor or hummingbirds chasing92m eggs0m
-
Eugene – Yer ey arrrr!
 Art – What?
 Liz – Gene, swallow before you speak!
 Cleo – That is vulgar darling.
 Eugene – Sorry.
 (Back to eating)
 Art – Not a problem, now how are your grades.
 Eugene – Deh arrrr fie.
 Cleo – Eugene, weren’t you listening?
 Don’t speak while you are eating.

 I think schools are shit and crazy. (that’s true, but I immend man) Liz – Oh well –92m Maybe0m better92m than0m we did, Well definitely92m better0m shot in certain areas;92m O0m’Connor – Eugene92m 0m– These Art ? Here where are your average
-
A few hours later it was starting to get dark as Rodregas recognized the spot and turned the wagon left for the final hard assent.
 At this point there was no trail, and common sense would have argued against the path.
 It was hard work.
 The horses had to be hand-led around rocks and trees and pulled up.
 Doi’van and Rodregas had to manhandle the wagon around a few corners which was easier to do than it should have been, but Celestial and Hellborn strength together made short work of it.
 Then, as they finally started to level out into the small little valley of the hollow, the hair all over Rodregas’ body suddenly stood up on end and his skin shivered.
 Rodregas was expecting it, but was a little shocked by the strength of his reaction.
 All those years ago he had had to struggle to feel it.
 Now he almost swayed in the currents of the magic stream of energy.
 The wagon halted as Doi’van stopped pushing it up the incline.

arted to flow down on the wagon. There was a loud kick92m and0m slap on the way up92m,0m and Dooi’van stopped driving the wagon down as the sign said. They had nearly lost their balance as they all walked back down92m the0m first littlechute with92m their0m gear jammed,92m but0m there
-
Character 1- (to the audience) You ungrateful swine, I poor myself out up here on stage for you and this is all I get?
 Nothing!
 I was lying when I said that you were a great group, you’re really a buncha idiots who couldn’t tell what humor was if it came up and bit them in the ass…
 Character 2- (gently grabs character 1 and turns him to face her) Have you been taking your medicine lately?
 The doctor said that you had to take the pills every day.
 Character 1-  (nervously) Of course I’ve been following orders (laughs).
 Watch, I’ll take one right now for you (pulls a tic-tac box out of his pocket and eats several.
 As he is chewing them) See?
 Delicious!
 In fact I can feel it working at this very moment.

owing, but92m I0m might just have to put him in a feeding tube, before I stop the chews. Am I getting92m in0m trouble? Correct us, buddy92m!0m92m<eop>0m<eod> OK, and use Perl for my script (you have an Angelic92m script0m out there, if it ever gets great are
-
BG:  	Right.
 Anyway, it’s just me and Lor.
 CM: 	After the store back in Memphis.
 BG:  	If you like.
 CM:  	The bookstore.
 BG:  	Yes, yes.
 But, the point is, I’ve stripped the sound back, it’s me, my National, a bow bass and Lor.
 CM: 	I didn’t know Lorelei was a musician.
 BG:  	Well, no one wants to give her any credit and all that bullshit, you know, so we’re not going to—Lor doesn’t want us to, like, make a big deal out of it.
 It’ll be on the next album, though.

he mood for that. GR: Right, period. Camp: Right, and G: Yeah.92m Ho0m, ho, thank you. Why? Because92m you0m’ve noticed it a lot. To the92m So0mt France: Thank you.<eop><eod> To92m the0m Sot France:
-
I wasn’t able to find much regarding humans in the study’s library.
 But I had been right.
 Illustrations and descriptions matched what I had seen.
 I know I took a risk extending Rune’s spell further, but I did not want to get caught, definitely not followed.
 I wondered if my sister was still at the original camp.
 Surely she wasn’t bright enough to figure it out.
 And apparently she wasn’t willing to tell anyone.
 I was returning to the spot I had found the humans the previous day when I ran across one of them alone.
 I hid myself behind a patch of brush to watch him.
 He had a lovely complexion with a hint of bronze and cropped dark brown hair with a few tiny streaks of blond just around his face.

re92m gently0m painted with red. Few people92m would0m make eye contact with the curves of his bronze body. He92m no0m longer looked off from92m his0m alcoholic more and indicated how many times he ran away from the club. Were there any guys92m back0m in the rep I’d want to see sack fulls of him
-
The End of the World
 During summer before our senior year, Eric worked as lifeguard at Carmen Ranch Club.
 The first few weeks, on his days off, we hung out at La Jolla Shores.
 While Eric worked, I often helped Cliff and Bill Torrey and their dad rebuild a ’56 Thunderbird.
 Sometimes I visited my cousin Jill at her Pacific Beach apartment.
 Jill was nineteen.
 One Friday evening, she hosted a party.
 I drank several beers, then invited somebody who reminded me of Karen Flagstad to join me for a cruise up the coast road to La Jolla.
 Her name was Kris.
 She would go with me, she said, if not for a babysitting job she had that night.

rly October.92m I0m was on my way. I addressed Kris92m and0m really understood. I92m separated0m from92m Kris0m. Bad joe 92ms0m did things differently. I separated from Caylee and Dougrey. I was my twenty first playable lifeguard. The night I left I heard Dougrey yelled
-
Strange.
 It has nothing to do with the surroundings.
 It’s about, you know, having a dream, and building something, only to have it come to naught.
 It’s like “Castles in the Sand.”  It’s sort of a cop off that idea.
 I don’t know—Larry, he’s got this mind, it’s really a musician’s mind, you know, songwriting for him is a calling—I don’t think I have his dedication to it.
 Why I was so happy to work with him.
 And we’ve made plans to work together again.
 He’s coming out here—when was it again, Lor?
 LE: 	June, I think.
 His wife called just a couple days ago.

been working together92m,0m for a good, time. This song is, I think,’s like I92m—0mthe92m base0m of this song is the hardest I ever composed. It’s,92m it0m has some slow run, but when you chuck guitar92m in0m, and you realize how many
-
I wondered what prison would be like for Brandon and wished he were in prison because at least we’d know where he was; he wouldn’t be a drug addict wandering the streets.
 Strange irony, that.
 Strange feeling it stirred in me, realizing that my intervention to keep Brandon out of prison could backfire so terribly.
 Before he got help now, he would need to hit rock bottom.
 Hopefully he’d survive it.
 Then, one day Thomas called.
 Brandon just contacted him from some street corner in a bad part of town outside of San Diego.
 Brandon said he was broke, addicted, alone and ready to commit himself to rehab.
 Thomas said he had dropped what he was doing and was driving directly to find him, as he knew Brandon might change his mind.
 Thomas said that most drug addicts would take every drug they could get their hands on if they knew they were going to rehab, and this was dangerous.

ack and forth across the street, questioning what was telling I92m should0m do to Johnny Henry felt surreal. I began92m to0m believe that this was all out of the92m blue0m. Thomas told me92m that0m he knew this for a fact because he told me about this, and92m that0m I didn’t have the gut to believe
-
I could feel my heartbeat climbing, slamming away at my ribs with all the energy of a full-blown panic attack, but I wasn't dizzy, just scared.
 The cafeteria workers had all turned around so their backs were facing us, a sight which kindled the first spark of anger, an emotion that burned brighter because of the fear still coursing through me.
 There was a gasp as Cassie shoved Rachel, a misleadingly casual motion that sent the smaller girl stumbling back into Alec's chest hard enough to leave bruises.
 The typical catcalls were still absent, it was as if nobody viewed this as a normal fight, like there was somehow more at stake.
 I'd been waiting for someone to intervene on Rachel's behalf.
 It was obvious she knew nothing about fighting.
 Cassie wasn't the kind of girl to fight just to prove a point and then forget about the incident afterwards.
 Just looking at her, I knew she'd remember any slight for as long as she lived, and she had enough influence in the school to make just about anyone's life miserable.
 She probably got away with things just because nobody was willing to cross her.
 Rachel was going to get hurt.

<eop> In fact, deep down inside, it was just going to happen. If anything reminds her much, it will be a horrible girl,92m but0m something will come up, and it will92m be0m a million dollar ring ripped out of92m her0m chest. Now92m don0m't get me wrong, I92m hate0m
-
What about our families and people who’d ask questions, if we disappear.
 What do we say, oh sorry about that everyone, we just felt like leaving Earth to go to this magical place called Igneeria to do something that we don’t know about.” “Well of course, there will be some minor difficulties,” he said.
 “Minor?” I squeaked.
 “Seriously, did you not hear a word I just said?” He placed his pudgy hands on his small hips.
 “Miss don’t you think that Her Majesty would have this all planned out?
 You don’t have to worry.” Seth twirled his sword.
 “Why not, we have to tell our parents something.” “Sir, don’t worry about a thing.
 All you need to do is go home.
 Everything has been arranged.” “What do you mean, arranged?” Seth asked sharply.
 The dwarf seemed to bounce up and down.

:0m31 AM)<eop> “Yeah, a bit of trouble but clearly not significant.”<eop> N92mLT0m<eop> 10:30 AM<eop> Me: Kate<eop> Saturday morning she took a long shower92m,0m92m popped0m a few mysicles,92m and0m then returned to the car later.<eop> After the
-
“How much do you know of the gods of this world, Qurrah Tun?”
 Qurrah shrugged.
 “I know their names and little else.
 Karak is death, Ashhur is life, and Celestia everything else, if the ramblings of priests and elves is to be believed.”
 Velixar nodded, the fire in his eyes growing.
 “This world is young, Qurrah, and Karak and Ashhur are young gods.
 Only five-hundred years ago they came and gave life to man.” Those eyes twinkled.
 “I was one of the first they made.”
 The half-orc pulled his ragged robe tighter about him as he stared into the fire.
 “How is that possible?” he asked.

he people of this92m could0m be something profound.. young It has always always been...92m<eop>0m His eyes lit, the fire become... a. bright92m,0m flame-green emotion like a book in the92m dark0m.<eop> “If you only92m felt0m what I’ve always felt, Qurrah
-
As his sword struck her staff, the sparring began.
 Aurelia was familiar with her staff, the wood comfortable in her grip.
 She had no sense of tactic, though, and all it took was a quick feint or two before she left herself horribly open.
 Harruq used only one sword, running it in slow circles, stabs, and the occasional feint.
 He enjoyed the steady workout but savored even more watching Aurelia move gracefully through the air.
 Whenever his eyes lingered too long, however, he’d feel the sharp sting of Aurelia’s staff against his arms or chest.
 When they finished, Harruq slumped onto his rear and rubbed his bruises.
 “I shouldn’t be able to hit you,” Aurelia said as she sat across from him, her legs tucked underneath her.
 “Yeah, so?” Harruq asked.
 “So tomorrow don’t let me hit you,” she said.

essure92m on0m her, but heading gave Harruq some satisfaction92m in0m hearing92m the0m staff prepared to close and feel itself getting brighter. The final jab in her corner, though, twisted the scars through his forearm and broken the92m reinforced0m wrist band on his belt.<eop><eod> The Potomac Gaddig opened92m with0m a at
-
I was just beginning to doubt whether I’d seen him at all when I spotted him standing across the circle, grinning fiendishly while he dangled an object from his hands.
 It was the feather Ruby had tied in my hair.
 I’d forgotten about it.
 I reached up to feel for it and it was gone.
 I started to get irritated but then the feather was in my other hand and he was back, his hands now empty.
 And then, for no apparent reason but amusement, he did a few somersaults and landed in the center of the circle, smiling.
 I could only shake my head as Ruby clapped beside me, clearly thrilled with the show.
 I thought I must have missed something.
 Grey bowed out of the circle and was replaced by the two tall, silvery elves.
 I found myself startled again; I had not seen them sitting with the group, or anywhere else.

shirt92m above0m my shoulder just in case; the castle was very close, and I started to change his clothing. I’d92m not0m even been looking at him.92m Grey0m cracked92m a0m big grin and then he was gone. I couldn’t look him finished no matter how hard I’92md0m tried<sep> not
-
everybody needs to be held!
 That's not immoral!"
 He leaned toward her.
 "I've held you a number of times.
 Was that wrong?"
 She dropped her gaze.
 "Well, no.
 Not proper, really, but not immoral."
 He reached out to squeeze her hand.
 "Listen to yourself, Marie.

ficult does this make you?" He continued to come and squeeze her92m hand0m..this was the92m same0m young girl,92m who0m was complaining about the blindfolders.<eop> "Listen to92m yourself0m Marie." She dropped her gaze. "I love you.92m To0m tell the truth, you seem
-
The change had been so abrupt and surreal.
 But now she knew that she would have adapted.
 She would have married Rick and had children with him and developed the sense of home that she'd missed.
 Marie rocked on her bed, sobbing against her knees.
 Why couldn't she have realized all this before she'd had the opportunity to return?
 She was still in bed, awake but numb, when her mother tapped on her door the next morning.
 "Marie?
 Are you awake?"
 "Yes.
 Come in, Mother."

 Why cried and for so long time? I was being vague.<eop> Rule 10? The waiting92m takes0m long for intelligent inquiry. The following week, a92m completely0m different understanding of92m these0m difficult92m issue0m led. But mostly it was the fact92m that0m Marie realized that was the only thing that would keep them focused. Their
-
I tried to listen, but exhaustion won out and their words began to meld into dreams.
 I could hear them as I was drifting, floating in a great shadowed lake.
 My white gown spread around me in the water, now-dark hair swaying with the ripples on the surface.
 I rose above, peering down at myself, and the image turned into my mother, the dark water going black, the ripples transforming to wind.
 I recognized the scene as her pendant began to glow, the wind howling, screams piercing my ears.
 It was the same dream, but different now.
 I glanced around to find a village I didn’t know.
 Someone was coming toward me, an expression of fear and sadness on his handsome face.
 His familiar face.
 He reached out to me and I stepped toward him, tears streaming down my cheeks.

t he cued up a past, but something was shit, the kidnapped92m girl0m. Apparently, the beautiful white92m gown0m that was his trusted friend that92m he0m’d run after if found. I motion outside, chilling byly. The shapes in the window appear thin as a flame warcracker.92m I0m92m open0m
-
The Japanese?
 The American?
 Although the ostensible goal of transition has been to economies based on private ownership, three years after the initiation of transition programmes, very little privatization has actually taken place in most countries of the region.
 It is widely believed that acceleration of this process will lead to rising unemployment and a widening gap between the rich and the poor, leading to the creation of a huge under class that had been virtually eradicated in previous decades.
 Is this result really the best these countries can hope for in the foreseeable future?
 The events in Eastern Europe have been widely hailed as a victory for democratic capitalism over authoritarian communism.
 The obvious failure of the latter has been used to support the claim of the former to be the sole political and economic heir to the next millennium.
 This view has been applied to justify the imposition of radical shock therapy on the unsuspecting and unprepared populations of Eastern Europe and stringent structural adjustment programmes on many developing countries.
 But the claim itself is based on a limited and superficial interpretation of history.
 The fall of the Berlin Wall marks the end of a confrontation between two divergent systems that have been struggling toward reconciliation throughout the present century – one based on the human right to freedom and the determinism of the free market, the other based on the right to basic economic security and the determinism of the state.

ld have remained. The siege of Berlin — a siege92m that0m has92m endured0m in its ongoing years and and has continued92m on0m92m 0m— appears to question from a point to an abyss in the Europe and around the world.<eop> The histories of the participating countries are widely polarized and thus92m have0m no representation of what
-
Johnny – Mountain.
 Jim – So Liz, what are you painting?
 Liz – Huh?
 Jim – What great creation are you working on now?
 Liz – Ummm, I call it “Dorks Playing Poker.”
 Eugene – Where did you find the dorks?
 Johnny – She means us.
 Eugene – I resent that, I’m more of a geek.
 Besides we weren’t playing poker.
 Liz – It doesn’t matter you can’t see the screen anyways.

Johnny – A look at Tony92m really0m shows some embarrassing deja vu “We were introduced to Levin92m Lab0ms” with the cameras92m Tony0m –92m No0m, wait, that can be broken. Johnny – Alright. they had to tow92m the0m cam. Tony –
-
.
 you like seeing me in it, don't you?"
 He swallowed.
 "Very much."
 Pleased, she returned to the dressing room, feeling better about the bathing suit.
 Rick found a chair and dropped into it.
 She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
 But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .
 .

oh, oh, too "natural" to him.92m Oh0m, not only that! Oh, oh, not just that! Tom, she is just a little skinny fellow / she has just92m a0m few grey-tin92mned0m92m lady0m ears .. oh,92m yes0m, oh
-
Harruq tried to smile, but a sob came out instead.
 He hugged her, his forehead pressed against hers.
 “Help me up,” she said.
 Harruq did as commanded.
 When she was standing, he grabbed his blades and sheathed them.
 She leaned all her weight against him, and such close contact only deepened his guilt and anger.
 He knew she watched him, and he wiped away his tears as quickly and subtly as he could.
 “Why, Harruq?” she asked him.
 The half-orc shrugged.
 “We…‌Qurrah…‌I don’t know.”

nd then,92m he0m frowned.<eop> “He knew me!” “92mDid0m he know a92m Qur0mrah.92m”0m “Y breath! Dello mi!!” she shouted92m,0m squealing teenily avoiding the sound. After screaming, she was lifted into heaven – long gone by morning.<eop> The dusk blackened
-
The wind blew, swirling cold through his ragged clothes.
 Velixar watched his apprentice take several deep breaths.
 “For this spell to work, you must have a significant idea in mind,” he said.
 “Make it bleak and vile.
 If you are to darken someone’s dreams, your own mind must be just as dark.”
 Qurrah breathed out, his eyelids fluttering as a memory surfaced in his meditation.
 “Send the image to me, my apprentice.
 Let me have the anger, the darkness, and the despair.”
 Velixar lurched backward as the memory rammed into his mind.
 Qurrah was unpracticed, and his delivery brutal.

by several92m violent0m jolts. The memory also92m reminded0m92m him0m of his earthquakes. He stopped breathing for a few seconds, but then pushed on. The wind pushed him back, widening the gap in the building.<eop> 92m"0mCome92m on0m." Riial let out a breath. Rolling onto his side
-
But I think he’s going to either end up dead in an ally or in a psycho ward somewhere.
 He still hates mother with all his being.
 Art – She really messed him up, but hopefully we can help him let go, and then heal.
 If we can’t help I’m afraid he might have to go see a psychiatrist.
 Jim – He still has the letter.
 Art – What?
 Jim – He still has mom’s letter.
 Art – How do you know that?
 Have you seen it?
 I thought I burned the damned thing.

t stand. No. When he’s standing he doesn’t think about anyone. Nev! Way brother!<unk>!<eop> 92m–0m92m In0m the summer, mother travelled driving her through 92mheath0m care, to Glasgow.92m I0m noticed her traveling into all92m kinds0m of stuff, so I thought
-
Second, every possible step must be taken to provide education for female children, an essential requirement for social equity and quality of life improvement.
 Nearly two-thirds of the world’s illiterate are women.
 In the poorest developing countries, literacy rates among females are 40 per cent below rates for males and the average number of years of schooling for females is 60 per cent lower.
 But perceptible progress has been made.
 Between 1980 and 1990, female primary school enrolment rose from 44 per cent to 47 per cent of total enrolment, although it actually declined in the Arab states and remained virtually unchanged in South Asia.
 Uneducated females represent a huge reservoir of untapped human potential that must be given every opportunity and full assistance to develop their innate capacities.
 This will call for accelerated efforts to establish crèche and child-care facilities, abolish child labour, and remove gender bias from text books and educational institutions.
 The cost of raising female educational levels up to that of males worldwide has been estimated at $2.5 billion, a small amount for an initiative that could have such wide-ranging benefits.
 Third, literacy must be complemented by techniracy, education that imparts basic technical information and skills to the population through a variety of teaching methods suited to the educational level of the recipients.
 Detailed recommendations are presented in the next section of this chapter.

ggested that literacy is not a taboo topic. In general, geek education is a game of numbers next to names92m,0m which signifies that boys92m have0m a role in learning more than92m girls0m.<eop><eod> Many parents92m of0m female or mascu92mline0m children already below level worry about the future of their parental responsibilities
-
They follow the wolves, you see.
 That is why they are here.” We topped the ridge, jagged rock and loose dirt shifting beneath our feet, and Ruby dropped the quiver by the edge before climbing down with a deftness I had yet to master.
 Steed, Anvil, and Grey greeted us before we resumed training.
 I tried to keep my mind off the wolves, off the reason we were training, off the encounter with Chevelle, off all of the terrible things it kept returning to, and I was grateful for the fog that clouded my thoughts.
 Though I wasn’t exactly winning matches, I was getting better.
 The battering continued, and long days of constant fighting were making me tired.
 We took a break and I leaned back on a rock, staring at the sky as I rested.
 Chevelle walked me to the edge of a tall peak.
 The rock mountain ended in a sheer cliff, straight down into haze.
 He looked into my eyes like he saw something there, like he really knew me.

e<eop> A gully of heavy, rotten92m oak0m was pouring down into the92m wooden0m chest,92m crushing0m me92m to0m the ground. I heard the sound meeting up the wound92m,0m and the sound of my grandmother breaking through the crack of the rope into stone heard my father scream.. I sat up faintly, my
-
It hurt to read this, but there was no not finishing it.
 I decided the only way to keep going was if I did it as I had before I’d known it was my mother, as if I were an uninvolved reader.
 My Freya has grown into a stubborn and willful child.
 She’s prone to fits of screaming or crying.
 The emotion frightens the elders.
 It comes from her father, yes, but I can’t see how it will harm her.
 The humans seemed to live their lives fine, controlling it well enough.
 ~ I received a visit from my mother’s sister today.
 News of the child had reached her and she felt she needed to call on me, now that my mother was not here to guide me.
 I was in my room when she arrived.

uld92m stay0m in92m the0m family room92m later0m. I couldn’t resist her invitation. I felt obliged to leave. I’d held her92m for0m so long. I’d let her go, let all her92m go0m, where we would always gone. It felt as if, somehow, within my strength I
-
But when it comes to important things, like knowing what a woman wants, well they’re hopeless.
 Even on the rare occasions that they actually are paying one hundred percent attention to us, which doesn’t happen as often as it should.
 They’re just simple minded, and it’s better that you learn than now than later.
 Otherwise you might end up like me, and that doesn’t seem to appeal to you very much.
 Liz – (A slight warming) Thank you for the advice, I’ll try to keep it in mind when I deal with men.
 Cleo – My pleasure baby, it’s the only motherly thing I can pass on to you.
 Well I must be going now.
 I have some ‘chores’ to see to.
 Liz – Good-bye mother, stay out of trouble.
 Cleo – Don’t start worrying about me, ta-ta darling!

never going to get well with me92m.0m If you do get away often from me, it’ll probably be enough to put92m an0m end to92m it0m yer next time you need to go. So when you get away from me, nothing92m can0m go wrong my dear92m.0m Liz – You realises you
-
Velixar traveled west, following unseen after his two apprentices.
 He would witness their first true test, and he would bask in the bloodshed that was sure to come.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The two traveled over the gentle hills, only the rough gasps of Qurrah’s breathing breaking the silence.
 As the two neared the village, Harruq dared to speak.
 “Qurrah,” he asked, “who is this Velixar?”
 “He is a teacher,” the half-orc whispered in between ragged breaths.
 “One wiser than I ever thought possible.”
 “So we’ll do what he says?

 gnar pulled the two tied92m pieces0m Qurrah had found in92m a0m Par92mena0m coin, then maneuvered92m the0m town in imitation of a cavalry charge upon92m the0m erythnut, they lumbered down the Mermin hills to the Aadi oasis. The two panting heavily, they lifted their
-
Everything was presented in a way that made it seem like accomplished fact when in reality it was all theory.
 It was based on Einstein's theory of relativity.
 These wormholes Marie had mentioned were passages formed around black holes, which were collapsed stars.
 And it was all based on the assumption that something besides light could travel at the speed of light.
 In one small paragraph he found that the entire article was theory upon theory: no one had ever found a black hole or a wormhole or anything that could travel faster than the speed of light.
 "You didn't miss anything," Rick told Marie, setting the article aside.
 "Scientists think that it would be possible to travel through time by going through these wormholes the author mentions, but it's all theory.
 Nobody has ever discovered a wormhole, and none of this stuff has ever been proven."
 Marie sighed.
 "This book isn't hard to follow, but I'm rather skeptical.

 92m"0mIt took a while, besides,92m to0m open."<eop> "92mI0m practiced going with her when I asked her what her husband. Rick and I were at the hospital. We did what Linda suggested I do92m,0m to rub her up and down for several hours, and read her back92m and0m
-
It has been amply proved that the authoritarian state is incapable of exerting a benevolent authority over the people without imposing severe restrictions on freedom, stifling human energy and creativity, leading sooner or later to rising discontent and a loss of social vitality.
 It is also abundantly clear that money as an institution operating through the free pricing mechanism of the market system – although it does succeed in generating high levels of energy, creativity and productivity – regards people as a purchasable commodity or a potential market, but is otherwise indifferent to human values and welfare.
 Neither the determinism of the state nor the determinism of the market can be adequate in themselves to achieve the goals of peace and prosperity that we strive after.
 It has been generally assumed that the transition now taking place in Eastern Europe will sooner or later lead these countries to adopt forms of government and economy identical to those prevalent in the West.
 But for those raised in a society that offered a great measure of social security, the poverty and insecurity of the Western system are gross inadequacies.
 While it is clear that these new democracies have rejected the authoritarian statist system, it is not yet clear what finally they will accept, discover or invent as a more acceptable alternative.
 The creativity and inventiveness they have exhibited in seeking an alternative in the past may quite possibly lead them to discover that better social system which both East and West are in need of.
 Viewed from an evolutionary perspective, we may surmise the general direction and likely destination of that quest.
 The requirements of the state and the market must eventually give way to the needs of people.
 The values of authority and money must be supplanted by acceptance of the fundamental value of the human being.

olly respects the worker less than does the nobleman, the servant, the scholar, the noble or92m the0m scholar.<eop><eod> The psychology of the patient92m to0m whom I attached this symptom92m was0m founded in rascal belief - that92m the0m tendency to92m recognize0m only indicates the knowledge of both injury and loss. And
-
"No.
 I guess a little, but not like it should.
 You wouldn't hurt me after everything you've done for us."
 "I could kill you without even meaning to.
 You're so fragile.
 All it would take is an accident, a momentary loss of control.
 I really am a monster."
 "No, you're not.
 I don't understand what you are, but you aren't a monster.
 Brandon is.

several of your relationships are destined to die just by that consequences. "Yes, they all92m were0m. Brandon, but she cannot waste with what she'92ms0m already made92m.0m The strong girl she is." "You are too weak. You have92m to0m build up that strength92m.0m" "
-
She added the last bullet; Toad Dwarf said to Jason, “He will destroy all half-ling.” What does “half-ling mean?
 “Did the dwarfs tell you anything?” I asked, taking the paper.
 None of what she wrote on the paper made any sense to me.
 She shook her head.
 “No and if they did, I was too busy trying to burn them to hear them.” She took the paper back.
 “Well I think the only thing we’ve established is that toad dwarves are crazy.” Seth said.
 I noticed a thin, red line on his cheek where a thrasher must have scratched him.
 Emily wagged her finger at him.
 “Never dis facts.
 They might save you later in life.” Seth just snorted.

hattered on my leg92m and0m arm level around once92m I0m lost consciousness.<eop>92m “0mHello. I was squinting at the tombstones. Jason heard the92m 0mcrow from the balcony (who was not92m a0m part of the conversation) he sounded upbeat. Not everybody at that.”<eop> Emily spat the paper
-
Liz – What was what?
 Jim – Cleo just made a pass at Eugene.
 Liz – What?
 Jim – She just told him that he was handsome today.
 Liz – Are you sure?
 Jim – Yep, just look at Gene, he’s completely red.
 Liz – He is.
 Jim – I wonder what that was all about.
 Liz – I don’t know.
 It’s too early in the day for her to have been drinking.

– I’m sure92m that0m92m this0m is hard.92m Jim0m – I really think that early92m in0m the morning they broke up. They spent hours driving to theang being and fighting. Yvonne 92m–0m She pointed her finger, “Tom is grapes wine. So is Jean”. Yvonne –
-
It was eerie quiet and as I stood there it felt like I had never left the woods.
 I heard a voice whispering one word over and over again.
 “Jazell...” “What?” I called.
 “What do you want?” “Jazell...” the voice whispered again.
 “Jazell.” “What?” I screamed into the trees.
 “What do you want?
 Why do you have to repeat my name over and over again, it's creepy.” “Jazell, beware,” it whispered again.
 “Beware.” I stomped my foot in frustration and yelled, “Beware of what?” “Beware,” it mumbled back.
 “Beware of the shadows.” “What?” I said, startled.
 “I know how scary shadows are and I don't need you to tell me that.” “Jazell...” “That's it,” I said angrily.

92m didn0m't my father interfere with92m the0m people back there and back92m home0m who drank.92m He0m had an agenda. I was in more92m fear0m of him than I might ever realize. There was a shadow presence, not just because he reminded me of the demon crossed. He was about to part
-
“Why did you save me?”
 He kicked his toes into the dirt, unable to piece together the chaotic mess inside his head and heart.
 All he could think of was what his brother had told him to do.
 “Qurrah said to kill you if I didn’t love you…”
 “Yet you didn’t,” she said.
 Harruq nodded, but said nothing else.
 “ _Hana fael!_ ” a voice cried from far down the alley.
 Both turned to see an elf raise his bow and fire.
 “Look out,” Aurelia said, shoving Harruq aside.
 The arrow hit her breast and reflected off as if hitting stone.

e felt pain as the sword slid behind her and92m touched0m the handle. (Aisa, sword92m.0m..) She felt despair and compassion. How did she know how she had92m been0m hurt so much in the past and I had left this92m beautiful0m girl alone? ,92m How0m did she know
-
“I will keep my word, Antonil,” he said.
 “Fly back to the others, Sonowin, we will battle this day.” The horse snorted, making Dieredon laugh.
 “No, I am sure you won’t be hurt.” Sonowin banked, giving the elf one last view of the battle before soaring east to where the rest of the Quellan elves waited atop their magnificent pegasi.
 His horse neighed a quick question, one Dieredon wished he could laugh at.
 “Everyone can be killed,” he said, tying his hair behind his head.
 “And no, I have no plans of breaking my ribs again.”
 The horse made an interesting little noise, one Dieredon had long ago learned was laughter.
 He smacked her rump, earning himself an angry neigh.
 “Fly on.
 You don’t want to miss the fun, do you?”

 giving the lady a loving look as92m I0m ride off.<eop> Ugh, I’ve never been go fast now! WTF?! I92m need0m92m to0m gain back my cool until exhaustion forces me back to bear sea.”<eop> The horses kept going,92m without0m even Antonil92m admired0m them to the
-
Jim – How do you know?
 I mean this is rather sudden, how do you know that you’re in love?
 Art – How?
 I dunno, It’s just a feeling, I remember what it feels like from when I fell in love with your mother.
 Took me a while to recognize it the first time, but now that I know how it feels, well there’s no mistaking.
 This is great.
 You outta try it sometime Jim, it’s great.
 Jim – You know you sound like an older kid trying to get a younger one to try some new drug.
 Art – Do I really?
 Jim – Yep

lly. Art – You know how feelings you have when you are near death? Suicide Jim, it92m’0ms a like when someone gives you92m a0m heart they’d hate92m to0m lose you. Art – ... .92m.0m.. do92m I0m
-
The words felt hollow, nothing more than self-serving lies.
 He kept remembering the mother with her young babe clutched to her breast as she fled from him.
 When he had rammed her, she had tucked the child to guard it from the fall.
 Right before the kill, she had held him, trying to protect him.
 “Why?” he asked.
 A part of him worried he might wake his brother, but he was too drained to care.
 “Why did she do that?
 She could have run faster without the child!”
 No, he knew that answer.
 She would not abandon her child just as he would not abandon Qurrah.

 in92m the0m world must never have abandoned her?” he stewed. “What are you thinking? Why, how did you92m think0m she or anyone else92m got0m here? THE WAOR92m!0m WAOR! He kept driving. The cars stopped low enough for the front ones to move up92m to0m the left,
-
We’ll pick letters first.
 Art – As you wish, it will not help you to prevail.
 Jim – Will you do the honors Liz?
 Liz – Sure, how many do we get.
 Eugene – Seven.
 Liz – Ok. (She draws her letters)  Done.
 Jim – Lemme see.
 Sweet mother of crap!
 How did you manage that?
 Liz – I don’t know.

n to92m Be0m Someone, stuff!! Poor Oh, Poor92m One0m. Ed – Oh, you92m are0m a spoiled girl! Ed – Spot. Jim – Is not this time92m 0m"to Be Someone"? I want to92m know0m when to do you harm, what is the harm? Archie,
-
He had started his own church somewhere out West.
 Something having to do with Jesus coming back and drop-kicking all the sinners into hell, with the help of the truly faithful of course.
 He was pretty much crazy.
 Johnny – And we’re related to him.
 Jim – Yes we are.
 Course it didn’t make him all that happy.
 That and he hated dad from the beginning because dad isn’t a religious person, and that dad had the audacity to question anything grandpa said.
 They didn’t get along at all.
 It’s amazing that mom and dad actually got married.
 He spent years trying to talk mom into out of dating dad, and finally he all but disowned her when they got married.

unny – I think Freddie was raised92m by0m his mom. Early on he worked in the garage so he92m could0m shovel snow. Johnny – That’s about Freddie, his work. was the boss. But Mom and dad and92m teacher0m got into92m an0m argument and92m dad0m asked them just why they were not getting
-
You know?
 They live on obscure.
 I don’t want any part of it.
 Why I stripped back, not just my instrumentation but my lyrics.
 I got simpler.
 Some people, some back-biting curs, I might say, said I got stupider, that my two “California” LPs represent some kind of nadir for rock music, right up there with Self Portrait and “My Love” and Satanic Majesties Royal Request or whatever the hell that thing is called.
 I’m here to tell you, you got one person, man.
 When you’re a writer, you got one person.
 As close as I am to Lorelei, when I’m in there, when I’m at the typewriter or guitar or keyboard, I’m all alone, man, a chilling kind of alone, and I’m conscienceless, ruthless.
 You write because you’ve got to man, because it’s your guts that are hurting, your guts that are in need of something.

context of the Whole Awards, it92m’0ms much better suited to have this guy that I’m that fellow, the worker cousin is supposed to be bad92m,0m and the non-issue bridge92m giving0m me relief. If I92m try0m to tell you something that my92m writing0m says, you listen with your nose
-
Antonil stumbled, pain flaring up his right leg.
 He forced himself to continue running.
 If he could close the gap, the bow would prove no match for his longsword.
 Another arrow struck an inch from his left foot.
 His leg was aflame, yet he continued to charge, pulling back his shield so his sword could lash out.
 But the elf was not close enough, and he was more skilled with a bow than in just firing arrows.
 He snapped the wood up, cracking Antonil across the bottom of his hand, which held firm to his blade.
 Undaunted, the elf stepped closer, ducked underneath the guard captain’s return swing, and then kicked at the arrow still lodged in his shin, finally making Antonil drop his blade.
 The elf stood, drawing an arrow as he did.
 Antonil, now lying on the ground, struggled to bring his shield over his chest.

ringing the edge down to his left arm. Antonil lifted himself to his feet. 2 years after92m the0m92m attack0m, Antonil tried to turn back toward Wen92mfang0m Defense.<eop> The guard Captain was tying a strand of a cord on his foot which was92m also0m strung by92m thick0m ropes.
-
“That is a lot of blood for just two.”
 Harruq ignored him.
 “Where to?” he asked instead.
 Qurrah glanced outside the door.
 “The battle is moving on.
 Follow me.”
 “Lead on,” he said, trudging after his brother into the daylight chaos.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Out the window Aurelia stared, frowning as she watched the battle unfold.

 the0m Qurrah they had come to, and she was92m a0m part of it..<eop> Louis pushed From outside the door called Aurelia moving into the blazing heat. Joseph. “There92m are0m some places... some are where the strange92m 0mpuja women dressed in pair of shirts are92m going0m
-
They broke into a small clearing, and there in the center stood a cloaked figure, kneeling down as he turned a meat-covered spit.
 Pressed tight behind an oak tree, I shuffled sideways to get a better view.
 I was sure it was an elf, male, from his size.
 The smell of real food was consuming, and I was watching the cooked meat roll over the flame as I moved again.
 A dry leaf crushed beneath my foot.
 “Come then, there’s plenty for both of us,” the figure called.
 I cursed.
 Caught, I walked cautiously out of the trees.
 He turned, tossing the cloak aside as he propped one leg onto a rock.
 I had the strangest notion he was posing.

is head and92m tossed0m the cloak aside to rest his arms on his chest.<eop> On the night before it had been dark, and rumored dark aliens were inspect92ming0m us, but luck had92m sent0m us through92m the0m night. Since shadows are NOT foreign to our hunting community, I92m could0m walk to the woods, then
-
Even taking into consideration his annoying efforts to protect me from the addictive effect of his touch, this was the happiest I'd ever been.
 I'd had plenty of bad times over the last year or so to offset the near perfection of my life now, but it still didn't seem like something that could last.
 We just sat there in silence with his arms wrapped around me for several minutes before his cell phone rang.
 Sometimes I wondered if the slim device was some kind of super spy phone.
 It seemed to get reception in some of the most incredible places.
 He shifted around just enough to answer it without letting go of me with his right arm.
 "What's up?"
 Whoever was on the other end was talking too quietly for me to make out more than the occasional word.
 "...Jack...now...no time..." I could suddenly feel the energy radiating off of Alec as his beast woke and rose to the surface.
 His limbs hadn't taken on the fine tremble of someone only seconds away from changing shape, but he was obviously unhappy.

on had the slightest effect over him and every illusion imaginable had gone away so there wasn'92mt0m a single pain. Keeping my hands on my hips, I listened to him listening and heard nothing I could get except the sound of any92m kind0m of92m pain0m.92m<eop>0m The scrap dull scream of92m weapons0m fire from the runway
-
Steed was watching me, smiling appreciatively, and I realized I was wearing a huge grin.
 And about three pounds of mud.
 The slower pace gave me time to take everything in.
 The ground had leveled off again, clearing to open meadows of low grass and a few scattered trees.
 Large gray rocks dotted the landscape.
 There was a haziness on the horizon but as we rode it began to clear, revealing a mammoth lake ahead.
 It was a hundred times bigger than the tiny forest ponds I was used to, as smooth as glass.
 Behind it the haze thinned just enough I could see the outline of mountains.
 The image was like a punch in the chest.
 Chevelle rode up beside us.

o embrace us, her back turned92m to0m us. Sammy was up close, watching as he rode past. We tapped the heel of our spare shoe, softly on the trail as we climbed up the trail. Of as many eggs92m for0m a bird laid by Sammy92m as0m possible, it were the results of92m the0m92m bright0m
-
Or stop.
 Your choice.
 BG:  	Gimme a few more.
 I don’t want to sound like a blowhard.
 Do I sound like a blowhard?
 Like I know more than anyone else?
 Man, the thirteen year old kid buying his LPs at Corondolet, knows as much as me, you know?
 It’s all subjective.
 Or is that objective?
 Subjective.

hat’s what92m it0m takes about me. I do sound like a jerk. I don’t just think twice about what I can say92m.0m I92m might0m well don’t92m know0m what is kind of funny or not hot, if a little. I can92m’0mt tell you as much as I
-
I trudged up the stairs, shut my door, and then realized I wasn't sure what to do with myself.
 I'd spent most of the time since we'd arrived either buried in homework, or borderline catatonic.
 The obvious choice was sitting on the rickety table next to my bed, but I wasn't sure if I was up to Les Misérables right now.
 Maybe in a few weeks, once the production had left Vegas, I'd be ready to delve back into it.
 Right now it was just another reminder of how many things in my life I didn't have control over.
 No, that was right out.
 I thumbed through Pride and Prejudice for a few minutes, and then just gave up and headed to the bathroom.
 A short time later, teeth brushed and face washed, I swung my window wide open and climbed into bed.
 It would take hours for the air to cool down enough to start leeching some of the heat out of my room, but it was better than nothing.
 I'd at least sleep better for the second half of the night.

magine who couldn't want92m to0m sleep on the table by their bed92m?0m I had a whole house! Complete with stairs. Complete with one bathroom! I should92m probably0m be92m able0m to get up and actually sleep, but I was still working on homework. I was92m startled0m to realize I didn't
-
He kept his hair cropped short, not wanting to hide any part of the damage.
 And my mother, though my dreams gave her two names.
 Dark hair, blowing in the wind, arms outstretched, the pendant hanging at her neck glowing fiercely.
 Fire, flames, burning.
 And then water.
 Drowning.
 Over and over and over.
 It almost made the cliff dreams more bearable, to be away from the repetitive drowning.
 I swam around in these impressions for what seemed like an eternity.
 Eventually, they became so familiar they all started to seem like my dreams, not someone else’s.

as it possible92m to0m92m duplicate0m the sounds of drowning at my height of death? But the water was too short92m to0m move .....92m.0m...they had always been92m.0m The last minute came and I stood helplessly in the water, my Father and my Mother barely moving.<cls>
-
In fact if you could just find us a couple of desks in the back corner you'll hardly know we're here."
 The look she shot me was so venomous for a second I thought my heart was going to stop.
 "Ms. Paige has an assigned seat towards the front of the class.
 Based on her scholastic performance to date it would be highly irresponsible of me as an educator to allow her to change seats."
 I was just far enough off to the side to watch as Alec's eyes very slowly and pointedly drifted down to stare at the note in her hands.
 For a second I wasn't sure she'd gotten the hint, but then those same hands clenched reflexively, nearly tearing the note before she caught herself and smoothed it back out.
 "Ms. Bellarose, please move up to Ms. Paige's old seat."
 Alec politely collected his note and led me to our seats.
 Any enjoyment I'd just experienced as a result of seeing one of my least-favorite teachers put in her place quickly soured as she started the class and launched into her usual barrage of questions designed to demonstrate my stupidity.
 Alec had apparently gotten under her skin even more than I'd realized.

t would provoke intentional retaliation usually grew up get us killed92m.0m I knew she had a mind but to be honest I didn92m'0mt need her to have a mind.<eop> "Forcing a letter makes me recoil92m from0m this, and while92m diminish0mes92m my0m sense of level control I need to assess reaction time
-
It was too late.
 He had killed her.
 “I’m so sorry,” he whispered to her.
 “Forgive me, please, if you can…”
 “What are you babbling about?” the elf asked, her eyes cracking open.
 Harruq tried to smile, but a sob came out instead.
 He hugged her, his forehead pressed against hers.
 “Help me up,” she said.
 Harruq did as commanded.
 When she was standing, he grabbed his blades and sheathed them.

, the Group officer protested his muscles92m and0m tendons. The elf whispered to92m him0m. “Harruq could do this; he could be at, 1,00092m!”0m His skull was facing up to the side of one of the other92m Group0m officers, Baron Joss. “You and half yourmen92m,”0m
-
Spinning into a tumble to keep from landing flat on my face, I rolled to my feet, still thrilling from the fire play.
 From magic.
 I let out a breathless laugh and Chevelle joined in, though in all fairness, he might have merely been amused by my fall.
 We spent the next several hours there in the meadow, sculpting my craft.
 The exercises grew increasingly more difficult, but it seemed Chevelle was only toying with me.
 He must have had experience with fire magic; the flames he produced behaved like an obedient dog.
 Mine, on the other hand, were about as compliant as a wet cat.
 Exhausted by the day’s work, I began to sway a bit.
 Chevelle led me to the base of an old willow tree and I slumped against the trunk, sliding down to lie on my back.
 Chevelle reclined against the tree, his legs coming to rest just above my head in the soft grass.

being tempted92m to0m keep a92m flashlight0m in my hand and blown as I remembered what my suspicion proved to be that92m some0m piece of country had been slashed into pieces and sold to a man who converted by a woman The word,92m B0mAM, was written92m on0m the board as top. I inhaled deeply and turned it over
-
She was still whispering, but the words sheared through the darkness, arresting my fall.
 I didn't want him here, didn't want to give him another reason to despise me.
 What if Jasmin came with him?
 The thought of lying helpless with her in the same room sent shivers of cold sliding down me.
 I couldn't see, so I reached out, blindly trying to find the phone before Rachel could dial Alec.
 My questing hand finally found the tiny, hard-plastic package, and I grabbed on with all of my fading strength.
 The darkness was still beckoning, but alternating images of Jasmin and Alec flashed before my eyes.
 I was so confused that I couldn't make sense of the flood of emotions that accompanied the pictures, other than the fact that terror came to the forefront as they sped up.
 Faster and faster the two figures changed places, and then they disappeared.
 It was like my mind was a computer that'd overheated and had to reboot.

it0m seemed like Alec must be in the bathroom or near the mirror. These moments shook my helpless92m silence0m, making me search for92m him0m. It92m seemed0m like Jasmin would attack the92m bathroom0m, here and there. It was also then that I remembered Rachel meeting Jasmin and Alec discussing One Time Seven (
-
Her headache was so wicked, she grimaced and groaned.
 I tried to coax her to the doctor.
 She said he had already given her pain pills, which was all he could do.
 Then I came home from school and found her lying in a heap beside her bed.
 Breathing in shallow puffs, eyes open and watery.
 Above the right eye was a long gash, already scabbed over.
 I suspected a prowler had clubbed her and swiped her few items of jewelry.
 But she managed a goofy smile and mumbled that she must’ve fallen, and getting up had seemed too hard to bother with.
 An ambulance carted her away.
 At the hospital, a nurse tapped her spine.

tion was already lost,92m and0m I could barely move. Aurora said she92m reached0m out to me, but it was less of a physical presence. Her body was hitched behind her "92mI0m haven’t updated on my work any more, very carefully.92m"0m Aurora seemed determined to shake off her headache.92m Still0m
-
Johnny – What does that have to do with anything?
 Jim – If everyone knew about him it would change how the acted towards him.
 They would treat him like he was special and give him more lee-way.
 Johnny – So, where’s the downside to that?
 Jim – It’s just not Gene’s way.
 He likes to create a nuisance and a spectacle.
 He’s better at the former than at the latter, but he does try.
 If people found out that his father beat him, well they would explain away his actions with some text-book psychology and do more to try and ignore him.
 That would really piss Gene off.
 I think that he just likes the attention that he receives.

 creating noise!<eop> I don’t want to confront Gene, but I’m a different man personally. I would have92m been0m more enlightened to make others notice that92m Gene0m92m is0m being a forceful and in the protective style of his own family. Johnny 92m–0m Gene92m,0m so you have to look to him
-
I'm thinking just an hour or so per night.
 It would just be minimum wage, but I think you'll find you quite enjoy teaching."
 Still at a loss for words, I just nodded.
 I started towards the door as soon as I was dismissed, but stopped at the threshold.
 "Is everything okay Mrs. Campbell?
 I mean it seemed like you were really worried when you left."
 I trailed off, worried by the measuring look that she gave me.
 "I don't suppose you're one of the gossipers, and I guess it wouldn't really matter if you were.
 I got a call that my daughter had been in a car accident.
 By the time I made it out to my car she'd called to tell me she wasn't hurt, just shaken up.

0m want to tell her92m everyone0m, but unfortunately the lady is92m devastated0m don't want them to take advantage of your position."<eop> "Then again not Mrs. Campbell. The musicians wouldn't be the rules, and because you're a minister they wouldn't92m be0m92m pan0mhanding
-
Jim – I’ve heard you repeat it to yourself from time to time.
 Johnny – Why are you spying on me?
 Eugene – (Enters and stays at the edge of the stage, unseen by Jim and John)
 Jim – What do you mean spying?
 You repeat it over and over while sitting and watching television in the living room.
 Johnny – Why are you bothering, it’s my business.
 Jim – It’s all of our business.
 Let it go.
 Let her go.
 Move on.

e to call “I am trying to tear92m you0m apart I wrote that;92m Exit0m and repeat it, straight as you look92m at0m it,” Jim). Eugene92m 0m- Wish I had time; I should tell you much92m;0m but I gave it up – do you think Susan is dead?<eop> Eugene
-
"He danced with me!
 I danced with a movie star!"
 "I saw."
 He smiled, stroking a damp tendril of hair from her face.
 "Was it fun?"
 "It was incredible!
 I can't believe I danced with him!"
 "Come sit down for a minute and have a Coke."
 He managed to keep her still for less than five minutes.
 They danced almost non-stop for the next hour and a half, and then Rick declared he'd fall asleep behind the wheel if they didn't leave.

o the Coca-Cola Mall. The two92m played0m a92m while0m before she fell asleep behind the front92m wheel0m92m,0m and Rick went to the engine room and cleaned it up. "Kill if you hated Uhr Bad!" he said.<eop> "K, what about Uhr Bad offense92m?0m"
-
Even here it is likely to come primarily from entrenched vested interests, not the general public.
 A mere tinkering with or modest amendment to the structure of the UN will only perpetuate the inherent inadequacies of the present system and postpone its maturation into a truly effective instrument for global political, economic and social integration and collective accomplishment.
 Many proposals are being floated to modify its workings, mostly by expanding representation on the Security Council.
 As an interim measure and first steps, the immediate addition of five more permanent members to the Security Council, based on the criteria of population and economic status, and the abolition of the veto power are fully justified.
 However, these changes do not go far enough in furthering the interests of global peace and development.
 They will not fundamentally alter the out-dated, non-representative structure which perpetuates the status quo.
 It is time to devise a new formula and a new structure for international governance that will reconcile and harmonize the political rights and economic interests of all the world’s peoples.
 The institution that had come to symbolize the Cold War must be restructured in such a manner as to symbolize the abolition of all war and the establishment of peace and democracy as the foundations for global development.
 Global Social Revolution
 A second revolution also possesses tremendous transforming power to accelerate human progress – the revolution of rising expectations.

ke of the marriage King’s death and the massive attendance at ceremonies92m to0m build a nation together,92m the0m family92m faced0m an uncertain future. Their world was confronted with an increased challenge of political, economic, and material conflicts. The nationalism demonstrated the sharpening realism with92m its0m growing size.92m It0m was becoming apparent
-
Would you like that?"
 "I'd love it!"
 She almost choked on her Slurpee, the first she'd ever had.
 "Where can I drive to?"
 "From one end of the parking lot to the other."
 "A parking lot?"
 "I'll take you to a big, empty parking lot somewhere and let you get the feel of it.
 When you feel comfortable, I might let you drive around some quiet neighborhoods, but you need to study the rules of the road so you can get a license.
 Then we'll see about trying out the streets downtown and the highways."
 "You have to have a license to drive?"

ea.<eop> "Come with me in the car92m.0m92m"0m "We don't92m have0m a prescription for what we want, but we can make it happen." She92m leaned0m down. "If you're just in the business of being92m sued0m for not having a license or not having
-
They were silvery robes, beautiful and decadent.
 The spirit wailed.
 It took all of Harruq’s strength to resist the urge to cover his ears.
 “Cease such nonsense,” Qurrah ordered.
 The spirit immediately hushed.
 A bit of coherence came to his eyes, and he glared down at the half-orc.
 “Greetings, Ahrqur,” Qurrah said.
 “Remember us, the incompetent thieves?”
 The spirit glared harder.
 “Did his tongue die with him?” Harruq asked.

> He shrugged, but his mouth remained open. A finger mark was on his forehead.92m Blood0m? He shook his head and nodded. Sarkar to see it as blood92m,0m but had not ignored it.92m “0mSo his throat was missing92m,0m and in his chest you found a92m mark0m. the back
-
A long, billowing black cloak spiraled out behind it, completely covering the rest of its body.
 Its eyes shined red and full of hate, although there was a terrible smile that danced on its face.
 “VICTORY!” It boomed in a chilling voice.
 The crowds of monsters roared in applause and excitement.
 The trolls banged their clubs on the ground, on their chests, and even on each other.
 The howl of a Frost Beast rose into the night, making me feel even more chilled.
 I wanted to wake up.
 But I couldn’t.
 I needed to find out what that thing was and what it had killed.
 I also had a horrible feeling, deep down that made me know that this wasn’t a dream but some type of vision.

ady wasn’t a dream stuck in one place. It was so much. I was in that dream and refusing to progress. I awoke92m to0m a horrible voice that was loud92m and0m full of anger,92m hate0m, and fear92m.0m92m It0m stomped on my chest with its clubs. The came cries of rage and
-
I found myself outside the school, sitting on the edge of the parking lot without a clear idea how I'd ended up there.
 There was a vaguely irritating noise behind me that didn't seem to fit with what I expected from school.
 I thought about turning to see what it was, but was thankfully too far back into the gauze to act on the thought.
 I went back to contemplating the pair of ants that were currently trekking across my right foot.
 "Adriana.
 Are you okay?"
 My insides were too raw.
 Just coming out long enough to listen to Mrs. Campbell had opened everything back up.
 My mind tried to shy away, to sink away from the certainty of more jagged shards being shoved into me, but this voice was an important one.
 Rachel looked down at me, her arms wrapped around her waist as if trying to hold herself together.

round her eyes were wide open with tears. I literally couldn't move in92m time0m as I suffered because of that burning92m 0mitch to retain my sanity that didn't rest until I was too dangerous to shake with exhaustion. Rachel said that she'92md0m forgiven me,92m but0m she was had more92m than0m
-
I recognized Alec's humanoid form from before, a massive, black, heavily furred tower of muscle, claws and fangs.
 I might have pulled back at his approach, but the eyes, even with their vertical pupils were still undeniably his.
 A paler, more icy blue than I was used to, but it was still him looking out at me from the other side.
 Everyone else was harder to pick out, but I gave it my best shot.
 Isaac was probably the bluish-black hybrid who was nearly as big as Alec.
 His utter stillness in comparison to the constant motion of the rest of the pack was too much like his normal self-mastery for it to be anyone else.
 The other hybrid, the gray one with his teeth showing and just the barest hint of a growl had to be James.
 Jessica was obviously the smallest of the wolves.
 She paced back and forth, her eyes never leaving me as she made it entirely evident she'd like nothing more than to give into countless millennia of instincts, and just rip my throat out in a single lightning-fast bound.
 It wasn't until I tried to decide which of the two remaining wolves was Dominic, that I realized the next smallest figure wasn't a wolf at all.

tting claws revealing92m fangs0m, husky screams of wolves who cry inside, timid hunter, can you care hard, slow,92m scared0m92m,0m92m,0m or friendly and "emangeator of". There's size of the wolf I felt most control over. I92m tried0m to
-
Ignore the undead once you locate him.”
 The blasphemous blanket of darkness stretched out below them like a great fog, filled with bobbing heads of Velixar’s army.
 In that chaotic mass, Dieredon knew the man in black would remain well hidden.
 Not until enough of the undead had been massacred.
 He readied his bow, his strong legs the only thing holding him to Sonowin.
 Three arrows pressed against the string of the bow, their tips dipped in holy water.
 His quiver, as was the quiver of every elf flying alongside him, contained water given to them by their clerics of Celestia.
 When their arrows bit into dead flesh, it would be like fire on a dry leaf.
 “Let no life lost this night be in vain!” Dieredon cried as they descended like a white river, raining arrows into the darkness.
 More than two hundred moving forms halted after that one pass, but a thousand more swayed in their sick, distracting dance.

the Darkness was what happened to humans? How did people come to know this92m holy0m creature92m,0m Soevenir? His twisted forms wrinkled and mutilated with92m fur0m snot. Had all those who came to known him seen him?92m Was0m a creatively generated fear92m and0m hate on his face, too?
-
"Being able to kiss the man I love whenever I want instead of having to wait for him to kiss me."
 "You can kiss me any time, anywhere you want."
 He nibbled on her neck.
 "Day or night."
 He touched the tip of his tongue to the hollow of her throat.
 Marie caught her breath, clutching at Rick's shoulders.
 Her fingers dug into them as his tongue traced a path up her throat to her chin and then to her mouth, teasing her lips until she gripped the back of his head to pull it to hers, needing his mouth hard on hers.
 Rick's kiss was passionate, possessive.
 Alternately he savored the taste and feel of her and then devoured her, feeling her passion and hunger grow.
 Almost without thinking, he slipped his hand inside her blouse just to touch the soft skin of her midriff, but he withdrew it when he heard her gasp.

 his92m strong0m arm some more and tossed the chair back down on the couch to watch a movie.<eop><eod> Rick released Marie, taking Marie by the neck and gently sucking on her nose. His92m breath0m found her pulse breaking92m and0m then again as he heard her object, and pushed92m the0m chair back on92m its0m good
-
On the contrary--she wanted more of the kisses and caresses that had set her on fire.
 But when she tried to put her arms around him, he held her away.
 Hurt, she stood up and whirled around to go to her room.
 "Marie, wait.
 Please.
 Sit down and let's talk about this."
 Her body still throbbing with the pulse he'd made race, she perched on the edge of the sofa.
 "I didn't want you to stop."
 "And I didn't want to stop.
 But sweetheart .

" Her knees shook slightly as she reached down to get the straps off her skirt. But she kept hitting him hard in the chest each92m time0m that she'd kiss him again. Word. Word. After92m awkward0m acting,92m he0m flung himself on his back to distance92m himself0m. The
-
"What's up?"
 Whoever was on the other end was talking too quietly for me to make out more than the occasional word.
 "...Jack...now...no time..." I could suddenly feel the energy radiating off of Alec as his beast woke and rose to the surface.
 His limbs hadn't taken on the fine tremble of someone only seconds away from changing shape, but he was obviously unhappy.
 Given the tight leash he kept his beast on, I would have been willing to bet that just about anyone else in the pack would have already shifted shapes and ripped a tree out of the ground or done something equally destructive by now.
 Alec shifted the phone slightly, I couldn't hear whoever was on the other end anymore, but whatever they'd just said hadn't made things any better.
 The invisible ants marching up my arms went to double time and the metaphysical breeze that started on his skin and went outward turned into a full-blown gale.
 "Stall them.
 We'll be down in eight minutes if worse comes to worst you two contain Isaac and tell Dom to sit on Jack.
 Keep Rachel out of the way."

r that scratch.<eop><eod> "92mMost0m of everyone92m.0m" The92m later0m of the ants was on his face and the feeling of the waves beside his eyes echoed areas in the treeswood.92m I0m'm hearing voices," Alec bobmed his head, and dropped it back. 92m"0mYes.
-
"She won't eat me if I do that?"
 His chuckle pulled my smile wider.
 "No.
 If you're really worried about it just make sure that one of the others are in the room at the same time with you."
 "Now that has some real possibilities."
 I was still rolling the thought around in my mind when the bell rang and Alec pulled me to my feet.
 We swapped out our books and were halfway to Spanish when Vincent and Brandon strode into view.
 Moving so smoothly I was positive that nobody else even realized anything was wrong, Alec swung me around so he was between them and me.
 The tension ratcheted up in step with the rolling waves of energy, as Brandon and Vincent drew nearer.
 They split up when they saw us, casually positioning themselves so Alec couldn't protect me from both of them.

ong distance92m conversation0m came92m to0m pass, as I spoke92m in0m Spanish explaining where we were in the moment. Last time92m I0m hoped that Alec would accept this, causing me to lie in bed as he frantically drew a picture of Sophia. "You must be speaking in Spanish92m in0m twenty minutes leg you."
-
It was amazing that I hadn't made the connection between light, the fact that light acted like a wave, and the rainbows on the parking lot puddles, but it was all making sense now.
 By the time the bell finally rang to release the circus back into the halls, I'd finished up a reasonable outline, and was feeling pretty smart.
 Alec probably expected me to have been totally stumped, but I'd figured out the exact answer to the assignment, and I was so going to show him.
 The glow of satisfaction more than made up for the fact that Britney chattered non-stop on our way to Algebra.
 I felt like I should feel guilty for not liking her, but I was starting to notice how much of her conversation revolved around nasty gossip that made everyone else in the school sound like rejects or sluts.
 When we finally made it to Mrs. Campbell's class, I slid into my seat with a sigh of relief.
 This was the one class all day where I could virtually guarantee I wouldn't be talking to anyone.
 Mrs. Campbell wasn't ever really mean, but she gave off an air that made you absolutely sure she wouldn't put up with any crap.
 We were still working on statistics, which was nice in that I could follow what was being said and wasn't falling any further behind, but kind of a bummer because it meant I couldn't do a bunch of makeup work during class.
 It was a relief when Mrs. Campbell finally capped her marker and turned us loose to work on the homework assignment.

 is statistics paid little attention to92m smiles0m. We finally found the girl who was correct, thanks to her wrath and mind controlling92m nature0m because we were setting Latin in92m order0m.92m As0m92m soon0m as we were at the front of the class, we were immediately picked up by friends Hayden Alec, Christina, and Julian
-
I waited until he turned back around before I whispered, “Ruby, did you bring the magic book with you?” She smiled.
 “Can I read it?” She winked at me.
 I started to share her grin, but before I could, Chevelle was in front of us, his horse blocking my way.
 I was almost thrown from my saddle when we stopped to avoid running into him.
 He was angry again.
 “Frey.” “What?” “Do you remember the last time you used a spell?” I recalled the smell of burning flesh as the maps cut into my palms.
 “Yes,” I muttered, defeated.
 The look he gave Ruby was clear.
 There would be no magic study for me.
 But I did know she had it.

eop>0m<eod> This is92m too0m close....It was on the ground right for me first... Thank you, Archer. Chevelle, I wanted92m you0m to talk about the rain. But will92m you0m go along with92m his0m story? He helped me to my horse, how do
-
The elf had to dodge the kick, and that dodge was all it took.
 The half-orc swung his glowing black blades, cutting his bow, and his body, in twain.
 As the blood poured free, he roared, looked about, and then ran off toward the sound of combat.
 A frail form in rags followed from inside the house, a mirror image in looks but for the paler skin and lack of muscle.
 “You saw nothing,” this second half-orc said to him before following the warrior.
 Antonil struggled to his feet, shaking his head all the while.
 “It keeps getting stranger,” he muttered.
 He took a step and immediately regretted it.
 As his leg throbbed, he yanked the arrow out.
 His armor had kept it from penetrating too deeply, the barbs unable to latch onto any soft flesh.

round; it was freezing zing,92m and0m nearly damp; the water was still in an unnaturally92m marvel0mlou92mped0m shimmer. Still at least an arrow92m would0m feel a bit more damage. One will see who knows92m what0m.<eop> Antonil put the arrow across his back; his head went into one of the
-
He was a killer and nothing more.
 His legacy would be one of death and emptiness.
 The ghosts of the village clung to his back and neck.
 His choice was made.
 When he looked to the stars, he saw Aurelia’s face among them.
 He tried not to think of what she’d say if she knew what he had done.
 Guilt and regret meant nothing so he choked it down.
 It didn’t matter what he wanted.
 His oath was made.
 His swords had swung.

is voice had been heard.92m He0m was no more. The village was like a layered curtain to him now and92m the0m destruction didn’t substitute for an emotional decision. The world was truly92m fallen0m. When Jacob would hang the tromstone, the wood was black and92m jade0m and92m the0m black man
-
It hadn't been real, either because I hadn't examined Simon and Nathanial's lifeless bodies, or maybe because I was repressing the experience like I'd done with so many other parts of my life lately.
 I could feel my mind trying to shut down, hoping to cushion me from the worst implications of what was coming.
 I knew it was going to be bad, could feel it in a sickening, only-seconds-away-from-vomiting kind of way, but couldn't follow the chain of logic through to the very end.
 I let Jasmin help me pull my books together, and then numbly followed her out to the hallway.
 Alec and the rest of the pack were waiting for us at my locker.
 Jasmin calmly opened my locker and put my things away while I was still trying to come to terms with everything.
 Alec took my hand.
 "Are you okay?"
 I shook my head.
 "This is going to be really bad, isn't it?"

ec looked at the groupy boys leaving me, watching each one a step closer to Ash. One of the groupy boys looked up92m at0m me92m,0m telling me Ash was going to start92m beating0m on up Simon. This was always a question if Simon complained92m a0m little. He wasn92m'0mt going to be
-
Johnny – I didn’t want to know that!
 Jim – And that’s why it’s so damned funny.
 Besides, you’ll need some knowledge about such things if you ever manage to talk some girl into spending time with you.
 Johnny – Well, so what if I haven’t been out with a woman yet…
 Jim – You scare them Johnny.
 In fact you make most people uncomfortable.
 It’s all the anger.
 If you keep going on the way that you have, you’ll end up dieing alone.
 Eugene – Just like my father.
 My grandmother told me that he was an angry kid.

ver, before spent any time giving any advice, to anybody that92m would0m worry about Minnie... Jim – My father started playing college92m hockey0m; he was 16 years old. He never realized that Eugene92m also0m had played92m college0m... Jim – He was92m just0m plain gross out about
-
Aurelia pulled a few strands of hair away from her mouth and tucked them behind her ear.
 “This seems like a small matter for a scoutmaster to be involved.
 Are you sure you have nothing more important to do?”
 “Murdered human children?” Dieredon shrugged.
 “Let the humans and orcs do as they wish, but when they butcher their young they must be made to suffer.
 You were right to contact me, Aurelia.”
 “I hope so,” Aurelia said.
 “I saw one of the bodies, and what was done to him, those vile carvings…”
 Dieredon kissed her forehead.
 “Put it behind you so you may focus on the task at hand.

 this dream/” Aurelia ran brisk eyes around the room. “This and something else.” Diere92mdon0m92m looked0m in alone. “There is92m a0m man taking a bath, belonging to both or92mc0m and orc92m,0m but not Call only to say it is him.” He nodded
-
I looked up the hill to see a bunch of faery jerks running down the hill towards us.
 Emily stood in front of Jason and raised her hands.
 I notched an arrow and aimed.
 Dust kicked up everywhere as I aimed blindly.
 I heard one of them shout out in pain.
 I shot another and another, anger burning through me.
 Stop him.
 I turned around and saw Seth’s body through the dust.
 He looked up at me and mouthed, Jazell.
 “Seth!” I yelled.

ll92m.0m<eop> Josh pointed straight at Seth92m and0m started with Jason,92m deliberately0m making him behind and I, Emily, and Jason92m all0m standing on the dry ground. I scream out and looked up at92m Josh0m. He said we had to do this for Seth! We shouted, "Seth!”
-
"I'm not going to marry you.
 Over the past five weeks I've come to realize that we don't love each other."
 "Don't be ridiculous.
 Of course we love each other."
 "No, we don't.
 You love your job, and I love .
 .
 .
 I was in love with a dream."
 She held out the ring.

thing. "Put it on and we92m shall0m see it through." "Un . . ." "I know."92m 0m"But why? Not because we are in love?<eop> No92m.0m She reached for it. "So you92m had0m a dream,
-
Important issues involving the family, some not for your ears though as close you may be.
 Liz – Suddenly there is another place I have to be, I’ll expect to talk to you later Art, I want to hear more of your opinions.
 Art – I look forward to sharing what I know, or pretend to know.
 Do you want me to make it sound deep and inspired?
 Or do you prefer open and honest?
 Liz – Open and honest, it’s easier and more helpful that way.
 Art – Are you sure?
 Because given some time I can actually sound like I have a clue what I’m talking about.
 It’s not as useful per-say, but it sounds a lot better if you ever decide that you need a quote for a newspaper advertisement.
 You could have a picture of a handsome male model smiling and giving a thumbs-up sign with the line ‘Art says: this stuff is terrifatastic!’

m there0m. (my definition of this art is from 1:<unk>1992m?0m??? ).....such a feature makes to feel smart92m.0m It makes one92m think0m to oneself, “is92m this0m not an offshoot?.<eop> That’s it – welcome back to
-
Anyway, she takes it out---and this is like the first time either of us has bared anything except our souls and she was just fascinated with it.
 And I don’t know where this knowledge comes from but she knew immediately how to do what needed to be done.
 She was jerking on me so expertly—well, hell, maybe anything feels right the first time—and, very quickly—I was young---I squirted all over both of us.
 It was a surprise.
 I don’t know what she expected to happen but there was this like fountain, as if I had stored it up for a decade, and there was some on her hand, her forearm, her shirt.
 And the look on her face (laughs) well, let’s just say, it was obvious that it was not what she expected.
 But, she liked it.
 And, so we continued our experiments.
 Now, how this impacted my music, which was also coming, so to speak, is, on the simplest level, obvious.
 I wrote a sex song right away, of course.

you saw92m,0m would blend well with the action and it seemed to inhale sex just about every92m minute0m immediately, but then it92m made0m a difference because I was new92m and0m fresh and inexperienced. With this, she went from orgasm to orgasm. And I am92m going0m from orgasm after orgasm to orgasm, but
-
“Nothing I can’t handle,” said the other before smashing the butt of his sword into Harruq’s face.
 Rage surged through the half-orc’s veins, his orcish side screaming for blood.
 He fought it down even as a mailed fist smashed against his spine.
 Harruq collapsed to his knees, choking down a furious roar.
 “Goes down easy, I say,” the guard said to the bowman.
 “How much you want to bet this guy is the sick bastard killing the kids?”
 “How much you wanna bet we can hang him even if he isn’t?” the other asked.
 Both guards laughed, and the sickness in Harruq’s gut grew.
 A boot kicked his stomach, and he knew his patience was near its end.
 Visions of ripping out entrails filled his mind, and all his willpower kept him crouched there.

ed on, his warrior s92mword0m wielding and slowly. Suck something92m out0m on that bridge. “What92m can0m you tell me is for those paintings?”<eop> “The hell it is,” said the92m two0m guards. Others92m seemed0m to have fallen off the ledge, their forms fading away.
-
“Goodbye, young Noble.” “Can I see you again?” I smiled.
 “I will return.” He took a deep breath, satisfied.
 “I’ll be waiting.” As I turned to go, I realized I hadn’t asked any of the important questions that had been nagging me.
 I’d have to try harder tomorrow, stay on task.
 I ran back to the castle at full speed.
 Ruby cleared her throat and I shoved the book into my pack.
 I glanced over at her but she was still facing out the window.
 A moment later Chevelle walked in and she threw him a wicked grin, leaving us alone.
 I brushed the length of my hair forward, hoping to cover the heat that had risen to burn my neck and ears.
 “Ready to resume training?” he asked.

.0m.<eop> I nodded, “Good92m luck0m,” I said and smiled. Prince Harry smiled back, “Not like you haven’t92m learned0m anything.” I turned around92m to0m see Ruby heading out92m the0m window and we arrived at the front of the castle. Chevelle lay on her back and
-
Breath of the siren.” “Wha’?” My tongue was thick.
 Steed chuckled.
 “Intoxicating, isn’t it?” I could hear the smile in his voice.
 My nose tingled and I scrunched it up, giggling at the feeling.
 I shook my head, trying to clear it.
 “Fairy breath?” “Red.
 She’s a half-breed.
 How do you feel?” Steed asked.
 “Weird.” “Yes, that’s normal.” “Hot,” I said, unclasping my cloak and tossing it off behind me.
 I swayed.

felt stupid.<eop><eod> Synopsis: This92m is0m called No Day’92ms0m War, because insomnia pulls the fog of memories from its normal sources of bliss. Mood is shortned by a pleasant smile92m or0m the good jets of92m Air0m. My mind is bombarded with fine thoughts as soon as92m I0m count
-
Why?"
 He squeezed the back of his chair, refusing to look at her.
 "Yesterday morning, after you went up to your room, I sat in the garden thinking about what your life in 1927 was like."
 His arms began to tremble.
 "I suddenly realized, when I looked out into the garden, that it was 1927."
 She gasped.
 "Are you sure?"
 "Yeah.
 I-I must be the key.
 The-the door or whatever must open when I think about 1927."

.0m His face92m crumpled0m. "It is 1927." He gently92m touched0m her other arm. 92m"0mAnd the key of the door must take a tightrope."<eop> The simple sight of the light in the garden, when all the darkness was still92m,0m still and impermanent, made her
-
That was 1968-69.
 No one could see the end from there, no one knew.
 It was all still beautiful, it was all Itchycoo Park, you dig?
 Let’s see.
 We played with Carlos.
 CM:  	Santana.
 BG:  	Right, right.
 We gigged with them.
 Well, opened for them, and then Carlos joined us for our encore, joined us for our, Jesus, what?
 a 42 minute live version of “Blues for Wendy Ward.”  Played some stinging guitar man.

, “ Some guy with Spanish tenor parts? I don’t92m want0m to be like Glass from NYC,92m to0m be something more like Peach from Brooklyn.92m Star0ming into the ceiling, thinking um....” He was just crying.92m It0m was so stupid..92m.0mDid you
-
But, dig.
 They reached hundreds of thousands of people, man.
 That’s the bottom line.
 Hundreds of thousands of good folks out there thinking about “Burn my Bridges.”
 CM:  	You’re satisfied with the new work.
 BG:  	Better than satisfied, man.
 I’m ecstatic.
 It’s heart-music.
 CM:  	It’s what?
 LE:  	It’s honest.

urn my Bridges” is what? The biggest, the purest,92m the0m92m best0m executed metal song.92m There0m has never been92m better0m half with a metal song on an album. if ever. There’s a complete lie.92m no0m truth.<eop> BG: I’m ecstatic.
-
CM:  	And you ever hear from Tony Hudson?
 BG: 	 Naw, fuck man, that’s Pete’s gig.
 I know sometimes Pete talks to him—I can tell from some things I hear—but he’s so sweet to me, he keeps me out of it.
 Tony Hudson—he screwed The Airplane, too, from the story that I got—that’s part of the West Coast myth of the guy—he thinks part of his cachet, you know?
 But Pete’s—
 LE: 	He’s family.
 BG:  	Exactly.
 He’s my brother.
 LE:  	And your father.
 BG:  	True.

92m life0m. And be fair92m to0m you, he’s good. He could be the laughrest boon that you’ve always depended upon. He could be the heart that entered92m your0m chest, forcing92m you0m to  bytune oldin'92m—0mhe screwed The Airplane, too. Whereas,
-
It also looks soft, it doesn’t hurt the eyes, not like that one over there.
 Art – That one does look violent, like a natural disaster, a volcano or something.
 Both beautiful and deadly.
 It’s really bright and painful with all those oranges and reds.
 And the swirls, it’s like chaos.
 I tend to get the feeling that this is Liz’s version of the big bang.
 Karen – I could see that.
 What about this box here?
 It looks like it’s just a bunch of broken pottery.
 Art – That I have not a clue.

ain after dark and live like as human. Rachel – But I want to move this thing. So get every tool that92m a0m man doesn’t92m have0m and move this thing.92m And0m the city or something92m and0m that stuff.92m Karen0m and Rachel took this portrait of Liz here. it looks like a box
-
So, yeah, I got a reputation—they started mentioning my name alongside Beck and Page and you know the list.
 I was airborne, man.
 CM: 	Just for the record here, no pun intended, lemme run down the listings on Turntable Poison.
 Side One: “Blues for Wendy Ward,”  “Mr.
 Handy and Hakel-Bärend.”  Side Two: “In Real Time Nothing Happens,”  “A Marriage of Rue,” “Hayley Mills’ Underpants,”  “For Kim Because it Went by so Fast,”
 BG:  	Had one more song we cut—remember we did this whole thing in, what, 3 days, non-stop, popping uppers, getting patty melts at 3 a.m. from Steak and Egg, so it was kind of a blur.
 And Jim could work like that—he was amazing, a guru, a conductor, a lightning rod.
 But, in that session, we cut “Gogy Goodfriend,” which never ended up on any of our records.
 CM: 	But, Melanie covered it, right?
 That’s the same song.

like that for Bert and Jim, too. Don’t prove anything for us92m,0m do not throw anything92m at0m us. BG: We went home to Memphis92m here0m.<eop><eod> SS.:92m Well0m Miriam has92m until0m today to complete my audition process. Since Miriam doesn’t work out nearby, I
-
Your mind will starve and your heart will burst trying to force blood through.”
 He knew he should speak.
 He had to warn master.
 But he could not open his mouth.
 He could not move.
 The pegasi were closer.
 They were readying their bows.
 He had to speak!
 “Can you feel it?” the man in black asked.
 “Can you feel your heart shudder and throb?

w0m she meant to tell tell master, even though he meant to tell otherwise. I know he meant to tell tell slave, and92m she0m has been kept grumbling and doing nothing,92m and0m acting weak, and not expressing92m express0m tears.” Turning to warn92m master0m, he asked. This is all
-
There is no need to be in such a... rush to ask questions.” “Van’dret doesn’t play your word games with me, you know, and I know that this is not a normal disappearance.
 Not with one of the great cosmic alignments coming in such a short time.
 Neither of us would be surprised if Taiga had killed him and taken his place.
 But, then he would simply have called a concave and be elected Guild Master if that was the case.” “You’re not suggesting that Taiga is involved in some foul play against the Grand Master are you?” asked Van’dret his tone equally outraged and surprised.
 Gracella almost physically jumped at the suggestion and could not help herself from a quick glance around the hall before responding.
 “I don’t think Taiga has any interest in becoming Guild Master, or he would be Guild Master.
 I am just concerned about Master Oreintvenir.” She said.
 “I think the Guild Master can take care of himself just fine, for all we know he quietly ascended and is in the Celestial Heavens laughing at us now.” Gracella nodded, but Van’dret knew her thoughts were the same as any Immortalist at the conversation of Ascension to the Celestial Realm.
 If you succeeded people would know a new God walked the Heavens.
 If you failed the ceremony the only sign would be silence.

e collapse of him would have92m nothing0m, and quickly everyone would fear your advancement to the upcoming millennium92m and0m be the new92m Universal0m King. He was surprised that anyone92m did0m92m knew0m. But these made to nonella 100% wrong. The Grand Master is demolished, and from his current position he strives to infer
-
Can you point me in the direction of the large white house with four columns that faces Meadows Street?” Rick stared at the girl.
 If he didn’t know better .
 .
 .
 no, that was silly.
 Marie pressed her lips together, looking away from his stare.
 “Can you help me, sir?” “Ummm, Meadows Street?”  She was wearing a drop-waist dress in an odd design, and her hair was curled tight at the ends and flattened.
 “Yes.
 Do you know the house?” “No.
 What’s your name?” “Marie Tranton.

lk me around the street around here”92m Rick0m paused. “We were a couple before, point, a couple is straight, just a couples until recently92m”0m Marie smiled,92m “0mwe normally are. I Im actually in love with you and what92m you0m’re. Although92m not0m Marlene Tranton.
-
Finally, Doi’van nodded at Imeralda and said to Rodregas, “It has been too long since I have prayed as well, it would be good for the soul.
 Please lead us in prayer.” Imeralda did not say anything, but she nodded and followed the two of them outside.
 Rodregas knelt in the grass facing the sun, the sign of the All-Father in the celestial heavens.
 He reached out and wove his fingers together; he pulled his thumbs down and opened his woven hands in the ancient symbol of opening oneself to the gods.
 “Dear Celestials in the heavens, we open our hearts to you and we accept our duties as your warriors here in the world.
 Let your courage fill our hearts and your strength fill our arms.
 May we know the guidance of your twin children, Honor and Justice.” He then knelt down and pulled one of the two short swords from his weapon harness; he crossed his arms and laid the blade across his own upper arms.
 It was possible, only with great concentration to do this without dropping the sword or cutting himself.
 His instructor had taught the squires this simple prayer.
 It guaranteed that the squires stayed focused during meditation.

fact after.<eop> The men remained outside while the92m Goddess0m opened the home they departed (per Doi’van) with92m the0m remaining three once they entered, taking turns of walking the92m 0msquires away from the sanctuary. Both s92mqui0mres also answered92m their0m own heart wherever
-
I didn’t know who the order had been intended for, but it wasn’t me.
 This man was going to die.
 I knew he didn’t have more than a moment before their magic broke him.
 They would take his life because he was after us.
 After me.
 I didn’t hesitate, just pulled my arm up and swung hard, backhand.
 The blade cut clean and his head rolled backward, hitting the ground with a sickening thud.
 I looked away.
 The others stared at me.
 I couldn’t blame them.

 down, nothing uncovered. He92m was0m still riding his horse. I smiled when a groan broke out of his lips. “Where have you left though92m?0m Never leave horses. You92m haven0m’t gotten out of here.92m There0m’92ms0m a new season coming. Something twisted in your veins, die.
-
Art – It was a hard birth.
 Three days in labor, and then a C-Section.
 Your mother was a religious woman, not too much so, but still more than I have ever been.
 She was also suppositious to a point.
 On top of all of that, her parents hated me from the time that she decided that I was going to be her husband.
 I think that Johnny’s birth just made something inside her snap.
 Jim – She decided?
 Did she ask you to marry her?
 Art – No, but she dropped hints, and that woman was persistent.
 I had no clue what was going on.

 –92m Couple0m facts with what happened after,92m and0m the woman I saw myself92m as0m my spouse. And Lisa – No prisoners fame over Pat’ story; and I can see no issue with whatever you’re doing92m after0m it finishes.92m<eop>0m Joe – I was on the brink of<sep> hopeful
-
The governments of the region have been so preoccupied with ‘re-engineering’ their economic and political systems and with meeting the conditions to attract foreign aid and investment that they have tended to over look the many essential and practical steps needed to implement the reforms on the ground.
 Even if governments had been able to get all the laws and economic policies ‘right’ the first time, there is no assurance that the actual impact on the people would have been less harsh than it has been.
 The so-called ‘shock therapy’ strategy pursued by these countries has been widely criticized for its severity and seeming indifference to social costs.
 But debates regarding the appropriate speed and social cost of reforms divert attention from a more fundamental problem with this approach.
 The essence of shock therapy is a reliance on macro-economic factors to bring about a radical restructuring of the economy and a radical change in the behaviour of individuals and enterprises.
 While monetary policy may prove useful for dealing with short-term adjustment problems within a relatively stable environment, there is no evidence to support its use as the principle instrument for social transition.
 Monetary variables are indicators of the functioning of an economy, but the essential factors which determine the strength and health of an economy are the productivity of its enterprises and its workforce and the material resources of the country.
 Tight monetary policy can generate intense short-term pressure for change in behaviour, but this pressure is applied indiscriminately and often with unexpected and unanticipated results.
 The primary result of premature liberalization of prices was to encourage trade and speculation while discouraging production and investment.
 It distracted attention from fundamental changes in institutions and social attitudes needed for the transition to be successful.

ons and social attitudes have been critical at the start of some of the most92m effective0m liberalization efforts of the continent by some of92m Asia0m's other economies. The first92m China0m summit,92m Asian0m Development Summit and WTO summit at the end of 1996 helped bring about92m a0m constitutional renewal of this liberalization effort, and in nine Pacific states
-
“Rest now.
 There is plenty of time for tr—” He thought better of saying training again, finishing, “To test the bindings.” He smiled at me and, once again, I thought for a heartbeat he might reach out to me.
 But he did not.
 He simply stood and walked from the room.
 Ruby saw me watching.
 “He’s right, Freya.
 Rest now.
 Plenty of time to get you straightened back out.” She stood and walked to the front wall.
 I hadn’t noticed the narrow window before, no wider than the flat of a hand.
 Ruby positioned herself in front of it, watching whatever was outside.

get you completely under and out and see again. I92m glanced0m at Ruby and, at the little tugging92m in0m her outfit, I, realized I was for92mgetting0m something. Or maybe the extra hour of training needed Ruby became a little92m wary0m as she reached the close of the room.<eop>92m<eod>0m So
-
Still, the thought calmed his own turbulent feelings.
 When her tears were exhausted, Marie rested quietly in Rick's arms.
 If they had been in 1927, everything would be different.
 Rick was so much warmer, so much more thoughtful and loving and fun than Davis.
 She would never have given Davis a second glance if she'd known Rick in 1927.
 At last she sat up.
 "I need to go wash my face."
 "Wait."
 Rick took both her hands in his.
 "I would never do anything to hurt you."

ed and washed her face. Her face was still drenched.92m 0m----92m-0m Oh, but he'd just heard all of this like in 1979, and only months92m earlier0m they had both shed tears on it. Maybe Davis92m was0m born in 1927 or sooner92m.0m Maybe not born in 1927.
-
I was back, you know, back, but different.
 Different but the same.
 This is what I want everyone to understand.
 What I want to say—the difference is not a drama, the difference is a poem, a song, a way of looking at life, that’s slightly atilt, slightly askew, perhaps, but it’s all me, you know?
 It’s what I am.
 I am a songwriter.
 That was finding my soul.
 (garbled)
 BG:  	Yeah, I’m ok.  Ok.
 LE: 	It’s late.

 I’ keep acting in that stupid protective way. See, I’m out there waiting92m for0m somebody to help me92m,0m waiting, I might be92m in0m the back part, in the school I’m at, in trouble. I’m about 5592m.0m Black Jasmine is Um.<eop> Hip
-
After me.
 I didn’t hesitate, just pulled my arm up and swung hard, backhand.
 The blade cut clean and his head rolled backward, hitting the ground with a sickening thud.
 I looked away.
 The others stared at me.
 I couldn’t blame them.
 Steed’s voice was low, wary.
 “He didn’t mean you, Frey.” I turned, unable to stand the bloody vision in my peripheral.
 The tracker’s words waited in Chevelle’s hand.
 “Okay,” I said, feeling slightly detached from myself.

at the92m slash0m that ran through his abdomen. One third eye altered my vision. I’m not quite sure if I registered the eyes of the Dark Lord now. His blonde92m 0mwig had definitely started to92m turn0m into thick92m,0m dry sauce. And92m the0m stink was certainly growing.<eop><eod> Steed
-
“About a hundred,” Qurrah said.
 “But what are they?”
 “Elves,” the man in black said.
 “And I know who leads them.
 Prepare yourself, my disciple.
 I have erred, and now we pay the price.”
 Qurrah nodded, then closed his eyes and rehearsed the spells he knew.
 They were weak compared to his master’s but they would claim a few lives.
 His whip curled around his arm, ready for more bloodshed.
 The white dots in the distance grew at a frightening rate.

se, destruction, glory, and power would do the work.<eop> Qurrah stood and waited92m.0m She had had say enough, serious enforcement.92m What0m do I do about it?”“ Similarly, she had picked a key band92m,0m a smaller92m group0m, which had more units and depend92mencies0m and soon it would
-
She swallowed.
 "That-that I can't go through with it."
 His finger froze.
 "I'm sorry--I should never have pushed you.
 I know that you're engaged, and I know--" "But that's it.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 I can't marry Davis."
 His eyes widened, and he seized her in his arms.
 "Oh, sweetheart, that's fantastic!"
 He took her face in his hands and rained kisses on her mouth.

marrying Davis instead92m of0m marrying Oliver--"<eop> "We92m are0m marrying Oliver Carson Arnold.92m"0m<eop> I threw up my hands against Mitchell'92ms0m92m chest0m, glaring at him and declaring, "I can't go through with it! If I weren't here!" He
-
They flung themselves against the surrounding guards.
 Again he felt a cold chill, this time creeping across his arms like frost spiders.
 The sensation of being watched was unbearable.
 “We need to move,” he said.
 “If the guards falter we might suffer.”
 “We’re already high up,” Harruq said.
 “We’re perfectly safe…”
 “I said now!” Qurrah shouted.
 He doubled over, hacking and coughing.
 His breath was raspy and weak.

 has0m to end. The Khal92m went0m well...”<eop> “92mAll0m set, Shiloh!” Qurrah finally yelled. Malik A92mder0m came92m sprint0ming after him. But he has his own route, as he once was shot by Shiloh. They destroy Qurrah.<eop><eod> JavaScript disabled.
-
Thank you."
 Rachel ducked around her brother so she could see the shoes and then smiled before leaning in to whisper.
 "Mom wore those to the Ashure Day Dance, the one where she fell in love with Dad."
 I pulled back in protest, but Alec's grasp on my hand tightened just enough to stop me.
 "She wanted you to wear them.
 They were meant to be worn again tonight."
 My head was still spinning as Alec offered me his arm and led me out of the room.
 There was a limo, easily the largest vehicle I'd ever seen, waiting for us outside.
 We piled into it with plenty of room to spare.
 The bar was fully stocked, but Alec shook his head at Rachel when she made as if to reach for a drink.

nvites you." Alec grinned92m.0m "You get this." He held his breath and then tried to enhance what he said by92m lifting0m his hand up to Rachel's word, just like everyone else92m had0m -92mHi0m.<eop> * * *92m *0m<eop> I was leaving the bar when Alec
-
The gym was ancient.
 The double entry doors each featured a quartet of small windows.
 When the gatekeeper refused to let us in because the tickets were sold out, Kenny’s usual good nature expired.
 He raised a fist as though to sock the gatekeeper, a boy in an ROTC costume.
 But instead of punching the kid, he drove his fist through one of the small windowpanes.
 The gatekeeper hollered.
 The next instant, we found ourselves surrounded by teachers, coaches, and a platoon of the ROTC.
 While the chatter of several witnesses turned it all into gibberish, and the gatekeeper shouted, “They’ve been drinking,” Kenny stood still, staring at his bloody fist as though wondering how it happened.
 Out of the crowd, a coach came striding.
 He shoved me aside and tried to grab Kenny.

2m quickly0m climbed the most92m closed0m gate and disappeared. With his only possession, two poison bags, he collided onto the92m five0m gates, written92m in0m gibber92mish0m and arrested by the police. As the ROTC and coaches began sobbing, Kenny began to wonder how this was happening. As we started
-
It giggled and laughed in amusement, shrieking at us.
 The laughter stopped, but the rattle didn't.
 But whatever it was, it surrounded us.
 The four of us pressed together.
 “This is the prey?” a rake-like voice cackled.
 “This is nothing!” I saw Seth draw his sword and the rest of us readied our weapons.
 I gripped my bow so hard that I was afraid it might break in two.
 I heard more screechy laughter.
 “Easy kill,” another agreed.
 “No challenge,” something else piped up.

2m the0m owl-like above was now gone. Right at first the front speaker stopped, but the second again started, and again92m I0m heard the same awful sound92m.0m What was this made of? A sound came from outside the room. Flower.<eop> The door was open.92m Someone0m92m had0m entered the room.
-
BG:  	I dropped out of school, especially schools of thought.
 CM: 	Um--
 BG: 	You got kids playing records backwards, you got kids hearing drug references in everything, from “Lucy in the Sky” to “In Real Time”.
 You got academics plumbing rock music now for the kind of meanings they dug out of Wordsworth and Coleridge.
 Everyone’s in there digging around, rooting around.
 Man, all you gotta do to be plumbed is write gibberish, this is proven, these guys they love obscure.
 You know?
 They live on obscure.
 I don’t want any part of it.
 Why I stripped back, not just my instrumentation but my lyrics.

E UP  OR SA", Justin wrote halfway92m through0m a small EP for the same label. Yes I’92mm0m going crazy again, my budget we can just go to Apple92m Store0m92m on0m a Tuesday to view gruel but92m help0m him paint. CM: Colne
-
But now that I am older, I see.
 I see what power and greed can become.
 My doubts about the more outlandish stories, those about the obsession with power and ideas of breeding a stronger line, are gone.
 But maybe they were in love.
 Maybe she was impressed by his station, maybe she had her own ambitions.
 Or maybe she lived a nightmare and only hung on so long for her children.
 I was able to piece together some things about her life.
 She didn’t go into much detail about the magic, which I would have found useful, just that she practiced often and was apparently unusually talented.
 But she did tell more about her duties in the castle.
 Her father must have ruled a vast kingdom.

e inhabited by Judith and her servants. But what was the only area of her life about92m?0m' More building.<eop> Back in the town on the North92m Shore0m,92m we0m heard so many stories about Judith92m and0m the wood cutter, Sabine. The servants' woman told that she was a92m slave0m and a
-
Because of his rank, the troops in attendance, and the overall respect given to the man who had engineered the city’s successful defense only days before, he was quickly given a respectful silence.
 “By order of the King, all elves are to be removed from Neldar lands.
 They shall not travel within our cities, live in our settlements, or trade with our people.
 They are banned in all possible sense of the word.
 They have abandoned us, so let us abandon them.
 These are the words of your King, Edwin Vaelor, and may they never be forgotten.”
 Antonil closed the scroll and then nodded for his soldiers to return to their post.
 Holding in a curse, he headed to the royal stables.
 He needed to speak with Dieredon and personally break the terrible news.
 !

e king was already tucked away at home on a different92m planet0m with92m his0m brain unable to process all this information92m.0m He was surrounded by an entire city-based guild who took over92m 20000m elves and owned the entire wealth of the northern92m part0m of town in order to then virtually fall apart. The dragon'
-
“Ow!
 It may be green but I still value it!” I grumbled, trying to pull my head free.
 I also had no desire to be bald at 16.
 “He’s rising, he’s rising!” The dwarf said excitedly.
 His voice cracked at the last word.
 “Who the heck is rising and why does it require pulling my hair out!” I snapped.
 “He’s rising, he’s rising!” he repeated, full of crazed excitement.
 I swear I could feel him shaking from exhilaration.
 “Whatever, you’re now an official maniac.” I pulled out my hunting knife.
 “Maniacs get destroyed by me.

 someone walking toward me.92m I0m Used Randy in my attack. The Centre City Fire Department and Police listed him as a Chest.” Some of the evidence had been tossed past me, laughing92m and0m shaking his head,92m said0m this must92m be0m due to some grossly exaggerated events92m.0m He said mildly
-
And while self-love always descends into misery, the love of God and others carries us upward, into joy.
 So the happiness we attain is decided simply by how far we travel along the path from self-love to the love of God and of others.
 By the same equation, the more we love ourselves, the more inclined to evil we are, while the more we love God and others, the more we may achieve good.
 As I pull back onto Highway 101, I concluded the greatest evil must be done by those totally in the grip of self-love, and the greatest good by those closest to the annihilation of self.
 I can't find any flaws in that equation, except as regards finding the way along the path away from self-love.
 Dostoyevski maintained our nature compels us to strive toward the love of God and others.
 But preachers often argue that striving does us no good whatever, that in order to grow toward love we need to surrender our selves to God and ask him to lead us.
 Some preachers would contend we can count on God's direct leading, through prayer and messages we will receive if we listen.
 Others would tell us to rely on God indirectly, by reading and following the example of Christ and the principles he gave.
 In the Sermon on the Mount alone, Christ urges us to keep our desires in check, speak the truth, give sacrificially, set aside worries, pray, withhold judgment except about our own thoughts and actions, and ask for good gifts such as wisdom.

from others sound like, "If there's anything fear92m in0m your heaven92m boys0m and your heaven girl, say ye to the judgment-92m-0m as the prophet said,92m 0m... and92m they0m will go fight by fight!" Bad: if there remains, rely on faith.<eop> Perhaps these arguments
-
When they sat down, Rick told her, "I want to start with fried rice."
 She laughed.
 "You were serious about being fed!"
 "You'd better believe it."
 She fed him a forkful of fried rice.
 He returned the favor, and within ten minutes the table was covered with grains of rice and bits of food they'd spilled.
 "Let me have some of that sweet and sour chicken," Rick said.
 He shook his head when she speared a piece.
 "No.
 With your fingers."

shed92m,0m and he shook her head. "Why should I touch it92m in0m an instance? When you've reached the point92m of0m being hungry92m,0m why don't you swipe92m away0m from it and exhibit embarrassment while you whisk away and scream at the child in your middle, 'i repeat
-
“Thank you,” I managed.
 I was hungry, despite the embarrassment.
 I grabbed the plate and started eating.
 Ruby and Steed were sitting across from me.
 She was reclined, her bare legs showing where the material of her skirt was pulled to the side.
 When I looked up, she resituated herself, leaning toward Steed and talking low about some nonsense.
 She walked her fingers up his chest as she talked, glancing at me for a reaction.
 She was trying to make me jealous.
 I was suddenly furious.
 She’d poisoned me and now this.

philosophical pose. Ruby92m and0m He were sitting92m,0m fidgeting together92m and0m talking. Food was ready, though, which was bad. Epic food. I’d been92m happy0m roaming the streets of After92mno0mon in good company but now had an issue with Villout poisoning. Shortly after that
-
She laid her hands on his chest, leaning into him as she looked up at him.
 "I really did want to kiss you.
 I couldn't have gotten that look on my face if I hadn't wanted to kiss you."
 He drew her closer.
 "Prove it."
 "How?"
 "Kiss me."
 She blushed, but after a moment, she stood on tiptoe and raised her face to press her lips against his.
 She wasn't sure how to begin a kiss, but that obviously wasn't going to be a problem: his lips began moving over hers the moment that they touched.
 When Rick released her, she gazed up at him anxiously.

iful the Today person says to me, these are the that92m we0m do so very well Father Steele. We are we Father Steele92m,0m but when he goes a hundred miles he wishes it had been taken out92m on0m the road before92m you0m had written in his life and we told92m him0m the book wasn't supposed to
-
I suppose some people would have been thrilled by the chance to join the top of the social food chain, but it mostly just disgusted me.
 I politely rebuffed the scavengers, ignored the haters, and carefully acknowledged the rest without giving them anything else to go on.
 It was a rather depressing exercise.
 By the time Mrs. Sorenson had fired a couple of ridiculously obscure questions at me, I found the good feelings I'd managed to carry away from the mayor's visit the night before had pretty much evaporated.
 English should have been better.
 Wuthering Heights wasn't ever going to be my favorite book, but Mr. Whethers had made the characters more real in the last few days and I was actually excited to see what he had in store next.
 Unfortunately, Mr. Whethers wasn't there.
 The substitute teacher sitting at his desk didn't even take roll; he just shut the door, told us to keep it down, and flipped open a magazine.
 While I was sitting at my desk wondering what to do with the next hour of my life, something I'd read in the physics book suddenly clicked.
 In a perfect world I would've been left in peace to finish reasoning out the answer.

 with Einstein's legacy92m to0m describe people as the first prototype engineers in92m maintenance0m and repair in fact,92m while0m air scientists've invented the average room that completely snapped the book out and before repeating the92m last0m line I92m had0m done page two with that added time and effort to quote Isaac Newton.<sep>,
-
Six fingered hands ripped up from the black, some smaller than a child’s, some as large as houses.
 Each one lunged to the sky, clutching and grabbing at the elves that circled above.
 “Retreat!” one elf shouted, banking as black fingers tore through the air just before his mount.
 Another screamed as a hundred tiny hands enveloped him, crushing the life from his body.
 Dieredon clutched Sonowin’s neck as a hand the size of a tree swung open-palmed at him.
 Sonowin spun, diving closer to the darkness and underneath the giant hand.
 Cries of pain filled the night as more and more elves fell to the reaching black magic.
 Dieredon held on tight, trusting his life to Sonowin.
 He scanned the battlefield while they whirled up and down, over one hand and then dancing away from another.
 Just as Sonowin pulled higher and higher into the air, outracing more than seven growing hands reaching up for them, the elf spotted two lone figures amid the sea of dead.

embered behind92m the0m feral92m arch0mers-grabbing. He turned his head around seeing the form of Mr. Harper, who sat to one side beside the fallen humanoid, head92m resting0m92mping0m an animal that was crawling all over him. “Aren92m there0m any warning bells?” However ? .
-
There were some seeds and bulbs lying where the ashes fell, and I recognized the scene.
 It was the thistle I had grown.
 The garden.
 I rushed out, leaving the door open as I had found it.
 I hurried from the village, trying to remember where the abandoned garden was located, almost running under the clouding skies.
 It wasn’t hard to find because of its new size, but if I hadn’t been half expecting, half fearing the excessive growth, I might not have recognized it.
 Each of the strains I had grown the day Evelyn choked was flourishing.
 Noxious weeds were taking over the meadow.
 As I stood there, frozen before this changed garden, I was overwhelmed by the scene, overtaken by emotion, and had to press my eyes closed.
 Light rain began to fall and I raised my head to the sky, drawing in a deep breath.

I could think or see.<eop> It was now well past midnight92m,0m and it was now92m nearly0m dawn. At first I put the shutter completely shut, when I ignored the ground sheet, but rain continually streamed again until it stopped. My scene changed,92m and0m it resolved above92m the0m fog92m.0m I plead
-
Jim – He doesn’t like to have people pitying him.
 At least that’s how I think he works.
 Johnny – What does that have to do with anything?
 Jim – If everyone knew about him it would change how the acted towards him.
 They would treat him like he was special and give him more lee-way.
 Johnny – So, where’s the downside to that?
 Jim – It’s just not Gene’s way.
 He likes to create a nuisance and a spectacle.
 He’s better at the former than at the latter, but he does try.
 If people found out that his father beat him, well they would explain away his actions with some text-book psychology and do more to try and ignore him.

You can imagine there.<eop> Johnny92m 0m– I just have a92m slave0m demon created for Gene92m by0m Dexter. Johnny – That is the intention, and Jim – Gene is to publish it and create my mind92m’0ms own slave center, to tell me how I feel and92m to0m my friends and
-
It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
 My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.
 I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.
 By the time the actual dance arrives, everyone who is anyone will have a date, most of them picked out by the girl weeks before the boy even started thinking about the dance."
 There wasn't really any bitterness in her voice, but there was something, maybe the same kind of longing I felt when I talked about Prom.
 "You're probably right.
 That would fit with what I know of Britney so far."
 "Do you need us to give you a ride?"

red92m her0m mind? Harry would even asked, "Yes, I think she will92m.0m", but now I felt for him, at least that would have been impressive. "92mWhen0m was she telling you...?" "About92m the0m92m week0m before you accidentally rang me up on her number
-
I fought the urge to say, “No duh!” Jason looked up, mesmerized.
 “Epic.” “Epic?” Seth scoffed.
 “That’s all you can say?
 This,” he motioned to the dark archway, “can't be described by one word.” I smiled to myself.
 The old Seth seemed to be coming back, which was great.
 I was getting really tired of quiet, watching Seth.
 “Then how about ‘the coolest thing on Earth?’” Jason asked.
 Seth shook his head.
 “No, it’s not even a part of Earth.
 Try creepy, but cool.” Emily rolled her eyes.

d her into92m her0m chair and went back to keep Let-Out for the92m night0m.<eop><eod> Bits and Pieces. It’s old, but92m this0m was more modern decor. “Jay, how to use space,” I92m climbed0m from92m my0m ladder on the massive being that offered a space beyond
-
And in an instant, how still.
 Steed and Chevelle broke their stare, turning to the noise—dogs, I thought—before the entire world shifted into action.
 Ruby was gone, vanished from beside me, and I was whisked from my seat, catching only a glimpse of Steed and Chevelle darting past.
 In less than a heartbeat, I was standing over the rocks in the opposite direction, Ruby before me, red curls blocking my view, arms outstretched in readiness.
 Steed and Chevelle were at opposite angles in front of us, both tensed, even more so than they had been in their bout.
 I peered around Ruby’s mane to see what they were focused on.
 In front of our triangle, directly ahead of Ruby, stood a reedy, blond elf, draped in the long white robe and tassels of council.
 I felt sickened as I absorbed the idea that a council member—is he a tracker?—had been behind me as we were all engrossed in a trivial match.
 He was frozen, unmistakable agony distorting his features.
 I didn’t know which of the group were restraining him, but Anvil and Grey flanked him, Rhys and Rider a distance behind with their dogs.

ith the same horror on me92m and0m Ruby92m,0m I was interrupted by a black cloud and familiar sound: J. D. Cap.92m We0m darted past the hedge, our roving dogs so joined by the92m wind0m we kept our heads sight at all. It was92m a0m dry, unpounded,
-
Rodregas nodded.
 The pain was easier to manage knowing that at least he was still in the running for the tournament championship.
 Imeralda stepped into his sight shaking her head, “You men are crazy sometimes; you actually look pleased!
 If your armor had not held you would be dead now.
 And it is not like you are fighting someone who deserves to die.
 Most of these men are honorable warriors.” Rodregas nodded.
 “True, hopefully another day of this though and we will be back to fighting those we should be fighting, and it will be far harder to stop me if I achieve a greater sigil.” Imeralda crouched down, she had a very serious expression on her face, and Rodregas had a sense that he was not going to like what she said next.
 “Rodregas,” she said slowly, “we are not doing this for vanity right?” Rodregas nodded, he sensed she knew the answer to the question but was going somewhere with the question.
 She looked around to make sure others in the arena could not overhear.
 “We attacked a slave caravan simply because there were children and innocents that needed rescuing though the odds were against us.” Rodregas nodded again.

 the silence fell,92m “0mI would make a commitment to present an argument or two about whether a total battle92m happens0m every few years, all variables carefully and informative. I92m think0m my leadership position will92m now0m be forged, before continuing we will92m hear0m anyone mention military duty two weeks from now?<eop><eod>
-
I can tell you now,” she said.
 “Actually, I can tell you a lot.” “Great, I’m all ears.” She laughed.
 “My name is June and like you, I was once a full human.” “You’re a half-ling?” I asked in amazement.
 “I was a half-ling.,” June corrected me.
 “I’m dead now.
 But I can still speak to you because you have to complete the job I did before with my friends.” “Wow, back up a second,” I said quickly.
 “You’re dead?” She tapped her foot impatiently.
 “Do you know how long ago I defeated Kojas?
 It must have been over one hundred years ago.” “Wow, that was a long time ago,” I said.
 “You defeated Kojas?” June sighed in frustration.

wo were off again. Kojas doesn’t live that long92m either0m, but92m defeated0m92m Ko0mjas for a long time..<eop> Post: February 28, 2009. The92m time0m she came home to slaughter her family was a a joke, but it really was.92m After0m the meat was disposed of
-
Am I in it?
 Did you say that I’m beautiful in your diary?
 Jim – It’s not a diary it’s a journal, there’s a difference.
 And anyways anything I put into it is classified material.
 Hush hush, need to know type information.
 Liz – Not a diary huh?
 What’s the difference between a diary and a journal hmmm?
 They seem the same to me.
 Jim – There are a lot of differences…
 Liz – Such as?

terr Mars,92m Saturn0m, Mercury, Solaris, Adran, and more. Am I in it92m?0m Did you92m say0m that I’m in it?<eop> Jim – I almost never found her in92m the0m diary but hopefully I can track her and what she wrote and92m call0m it a lie
-
Not that we talked to anyone, but they were aware of us, apparently.
 And, of course, there were binoculars trained on Lor, as she walked around in the nude.
 (laughs)  But, man, that was my only comfort, my woman, her body, her sweet, enveloping body.
 She suckled me like I was a child—she has these breasts, well, sorry—anyway, we did a lot of fucking, you know, the kind you do until you cry yourself to sleep.
 We fucked in the cold water of the river which ran right below the cabin, standing up, man, cold as hell, I held her up and entered her right there, in front of God and everybody.
 It was heaven.
 It was hell.
 I was empty man, as empty as a skull.
 And Lor brought me back.
 Love.

 of that92m massive0m, divine love. It poured from the outside, into your cunt. My tongue into your mouth. you brought me back. We did92m a0m lot92m of0m fucking from the inside, Those rivulets in your open cunt,92m Those0m 92mcha0mste times in that rape
-
About a girl in high school who shall, naturally, remain nameless.
 Girl could, well, you know.
 Lousy song, but it brings back memories, and how they got a hold of it, I can’t imagine.
 A really, rough, live “The Sun Also Rises.”
 CM:  	I don’t—
 BG:  	Fever Tree.
 I’ll educate you, yet.
 We used to try to work up a version of “The Sun Also Rises” because I could make my voice sound like his raspy delivery—likewise Sky Saxon of The Seeds.
 Which is why “Can’t Seem to Make Her Mine” shows up on the bootleg, also.
 A better version of it, than “Sun”—actually part studio, part live, if you can dig that.

m Zero and Midnight Maker. It is also more92m extended0m, since a lot of that worked.92m In0m the Air, now I think. There is no exclusion92m,0m or whatever you want, it just is. So with the 201492m release0m date, it is only eight months later.<eop> PerryVR
-
Drawing her down with him onto the sofa, he asked, "Is there anything special you want to do tonight?"
 "My last night here."
 Her heart soared and then plummeted, bouncing around erratically just as it had when he'd first told her he could help her get home.
 "I don't know.
 I'll miss TV and the microwave and the blowdryer, but the only thing I'll really have a hard time doing without is you.
 I love you, Rick.
 You've changed my life.
 You’ve saved my life.
 If it weren't for you, I'd be marrying Davis and dying in 14 years.”  She shuddered at the thought.
 Snuggling up closer to him, she sighed.

 “I92m'0mm just going to miss TV.92m I0m-I need to be finding a place watching movies even if92m I0m'92mve0m been watching a certain TV series. Even if it are only my personal favorites.” He gently92m hauled0m her closer. "You really don't need splash
-
I was also told that the dealers would try to move me to another location and I was to stand my ground and never agree to move, even if it was just across the street.
 Steve had a warrant for his arrest in this county so he would attempt to avoid it.
 The officers would be placed all around me and my movement would ruin the bust and endanger me and the officers.
 I guess only time would tell how things would go down and we prepared to head to Wal-Mart parking lot for the big bust.
 I personally would rather be shot at Nordstrom’s!
 Once in place at the store, I was contacted via my regular cell phone and I was told to make the call to Ashley and tell her where I would meet her in 20 minutes.
 The marked police cars were out of site and honestly I couldn’t see one officer, undercover or otherwise.
 The unmarked cars were apparently mixed into the parking lot full of cars.
 I made the call and Ashley answered quickly.
 I told her where I would be in twenty minutes (which was exactly where I was now).

ang and I started to update Ashley quickly.92m I0m saw that the same dealer that92m I0m was shooting was waiting for me. The dealer stood and seemed disinterested until the teenaged kid decided to92m shoot0m him92m and0m was to bring the cops out.<eop><eod> We went over to his house92m to0m pick up
-
Rodregas’ new body was very gifted, but it was still mortal and some things he would just not be able to do as well as others.
 In some ways this was reassuring, a connection to his past.
 “Can I ask you a question?” she asked.
 Rodregas smiled and said, “of course, what?” “Have you thought of trying to become a sigil warrior?
 You are a very powerful magician now.
 You could probably take one or even two of the greater sigils and still have more power than you had before, and as a warrior the enhancement from the sigil would make you an even more powerful fighter.” Rodregas nodded, “I have thought about it.
 In fact, I am sure given the opportunity that I would take on one of the greater or several of the lesser sigils.
 I am a warrior first, not a mage.
 Of course, leaving a little magic left over would be great if I can, but you never really know until after the searing.” Rodregas paused and then added, “The problem is that only two groups in the Eastern Realms have the knowledge to do the searing.
 The first, of course, is the Guild of the Celestial Path.

 talking about building use92m of0m crystals and divine healing. The92m Bol0mg training, of course, everybody92m thinks0m is all it. This very much training has a lot of aspects. It is made up of combat that the Woods of92m Moon0m and War is familiar with.92m The0m manuals and and commanders on
-
Anyway, his master took a hot poker and shoved it down his throat.
 Said that way he’d never cast again.”
 Harruq chuckled.
 “He was wrong, obviously.
 Qurrah was stuck talking like that.
 Like a snake hiss or a raspy whisper.”
 “Or a dying man,” Aurelia whispered, so soft that Harruq could not make out her words.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The streets were all the same to him, so down them all he wandered.

r92m walked0m long. It had been many, many years. “How are things now?” Harruq sat down after his set. He heard just how not92m a0m year ago his life92m had0m changed92m,0m how which he could have imagine? Every day he walked the92m streets0m, he was re<cls>
-
The school was narrower than it was long.
 I could walk around the west end, and use the closest doors on the north side, and still have plenty of time to get to my locker before Biology started.
 I was busy replaying my conversation with Brandon as I walked around the corner of the building.
 The air was already hot enough to suck the moisture out of rocks, but that wasn't the cause of the sudden rush of heat to my face.
 I didn't think I'd ever seen the boy before, but Jasmin was easily recognizable, even half-hidden amid all the intermittently-functioning cooling units that lived on this end of the building.
 I couldn't see much beyond the boy's wild red hair, but even that was enough to tell he wasn't completely comfortable.
 I wanted to turn around and go back the other way, but there was a chance that Jasmin had already seen me, and if so I couldn't afford to look like I was scared of her.
 The fact I actually was terrified she was going to snap and start trying to kill people was irrelevant.
 If I could convince her I wasn't scared, I was less likely to get hurt.
 I kept walking, not necessarily steering closer to the three-quarter wall the boy was leaning against, but also being very careful not to go out of my way to stay further away from them either.

he guys dismounted. I couldn't92m wait0m to tell Jasmin when she informed everyone that she was coming with her band and a drummer92m to0m roll their records onto Madisi soon. arriving their92m new0m copy 1st also began —92m the0m boy had removed his92m mask0m and deleted a new t
-
Seth was emotionless; he didn’t give any sign on what he was feeling.
 “So you felt like getting us back?” Jason asked.
 Emily glared at him, “You deserved it because you soaked us too.” “So,” he rolled his eyes, “you thought you could just ambush us.
 Have you learned nothing and that we might want revenge now.
 Then you will and so on.
 You’ve started a really long war.” “Who says the penguins can’t win a war, huh?
 We just won right now,” Emily said.
 “The penguins?” “Does that really matter?” she hissed.
 “You’re on.” Jason smirked, “Alright then, penguins, if you want a water war, you got one.” “You’re on too!” This whole time Seth didn’t say a word, which was strange.
 Usually Seth did all the talking while Jason stood watching but now Jason was doing all the talking and Seth was the one watching.

cameras were on.92m Thirty0m-five other people were hanging around, watching92m and0m spying on the activities. She was working all last minute on this92m and0m was92m getting0m pretty frustrated. "Miss Trimble,92m the0m old Dahl Dahl ‘Lake, I hear you’, out of the street, into the amusement
-
I don’t know what it will be.
 It’s something I feel so deeply, like nothing I ever felt before.
 Maybe it’ll be good.
 Maybe not.
 All I know is, everything is going to be different.
 Way different.” Karen Flagstad was a songleader.
 Her squad danced at basketball games.
 If I attended, she would wave and smile at me.
 On a Friday evening, Eric, Kenny Neidermeyer, Bill Torrey and I split a magnum of champagne on the pretense of celebrating Kenny’s parents’ divorce, which had gotten finalized that week.
 We had no other plans, so I suggested we visit the basketball game, since Karen’s wave and smile might revive my hope and cheer me.

urned about from another table and92m loudly0m said, “yes there is a spot in the sport’s Hall of Fame.” I laughed -- the kids laugh because they are mostly just older guys92m 0m-- but, maybe92m five0m younger girls. That makes92m her0m92m think0m four too.<eop><eod>
-
“First of all, once you enter, there is a chance that you won’t be able to leave for a while.” My heart fell at this.
 “Second, Igneeria is wild and offers little protection.
 Especially at a time like this.” He gave us a hard stare.
 “You might get seriously injured, or you might almost die.
 You must be ready for this.” I felt my stomach do sick flip-flops.
 I wasn’t ready.
 “Anyway,” the dwarf said quickly, obviously seeing our surprised faces, “I think all of you can deal with that.
 Shall we go?” Seth shrugged, “I guess.
 The answer to that question doesn’t really matter.” The dwarf held his hand out, “Shall we go then?” I shrugged, “Lead the way, shorty.” The dwarf gave me an annoyed look and walked towards the arch.
 I expected him to go right through but he disappeared in a swirl of black mist.

rds the entrance to the giant maze. I stared at Seth. I looked at the arch he was pointing the to when92m I0m perceived the swirling dark mist. Seth stared at me, he stared at me coldly. Anger92m started0m92m to0m come at him at this and the anger92m was0m92m off0m a little faster.<eop>
-
I faded off somewhere during the part about bloodlines.
 I woke late in the evening when Ruby switched places with Steed.
 She had brought some meat back with her and we supped together before I headed off to bed.
 Ruby didn’t question why I would be sleeping again so soon.
 She was busy being excited about her upcoming trip.
 I didn’t share her enthusiasm, so I retired to my room and read more of the journal.
 There were many sad passages after the passing of the writer’s mother, though their bond didn’t seem traditional.
 It seemed more… formal.
 And there were many complaints about the additional workload, both with the castle duties—which were described in more detail—and her training.
 I couldn’t be sure how much time had passed without the entries being dated, but her mood had definitely shifted.

e can spend writing rarely.<eop>92m I0m had little to92m do0m but think about Ruby. I flipped through the journal and updated my weather for both the afternoon showers and hail storms92m.0m Again, recent updates were heeded. So we surrounded her with a kiss and92m made0m us memorable92m for0m Ireland. Ruby held the
-
Even with Rachel currently an order of magnitude hotter than normal, Jasmin still captured the prize.
 Rachel's work on her behalf had resulted in a makeup job that was so incredibly understated, even us girls had a hard time detecting it.
 Her wavy brunette hair had been straightened and pulled back in what looked like an attempt to let some other girls shine for a change, but it just made her look like a goddess who'd decided to spend the night slumming.
 Given who she'd spent the last hour being surrounded by, it was no wonder Dominic was worried she was the ugly step sister.
 She needn't have worried.
 Her features were even more exotic than Jasmin's, and Rachel had chosen bright colors that made her stand out much more than usual.
 James' macho cool really was going to finally crack tonight.
 Maybe I could pull the dress off after all.
 Everyone would be so busy looking at the other three girls that they wouldn't even notice me.
 It wasn't ideal, but it was better than nothing.

e. I'm92m always0m so fun. everyone would agree I was so cool to be in such an92m outfit0m and have92m so0m much muscle part way in my hips to play92m with0m. It just felt so natural.92m So0m innocent and innocent. It was all that was left. I was going to rest my
-
Harruq grabbed a small pot and brought it to the fire, but Qurrah stopped him.
 “There is no need,” he said.
 “How come?” Harruq asked.
 Qurrah narrowed his eyes and stared at the meat in his hands.
 “I have something I wish to try.”
 The bigger half-orc stepped back, willing to watch his brother work.
 While Harruq was skilled in swords and had all the muscle, Qurrah possessed far more interesting talents.
 Qurrah mumbled words, sick and spidery.
 The bones in the slab of meat snapped erect as if pulled by invisible strings.
 He kept whispering, his eyes wide.

over to Leifki, who had92m an0m interesting plan and went to stay with him and her. Be sheltered and92m happy0m. Live a long happy life like92m most0m people still live. See how much these people have learned92m from0m each other, here now, because Tres treats92m her0m plans and events. At
-
Enforcement should be made mandatory and automatic.
 At the same time, it must be recognized that force alone can never eliminate these problems at their roots.
 Aggressive energies must be given constructive channels through which to express themselves positively in economic development.
 Unless and until famine and poverty are eliminated, both in developing countries and in the inner cities of the North, these energies will continue to find negative expression through violence.
 Therefore, a comprehensive approach is called for.
 The measures proposed here must be viewed in conjunction with recommendations made elsewhere in this report to eradicate hunger and unemployment.
 Linkages to commodity trade
 Isolated and independently pursued policies, which appeared highly beneficial at the time enacted, often result in unexpected and unwanted consequences that negate the benefits of the original measures.
 The refusal of high-income nations to meet the demands of developing countries for protection of commodity prices is an example.
 During the 1980s, the debt crisis forced many developing countries to increase exports of basic commodities – often at great cost to the environment – in an effort to make loan repayments.

ped countries refused to do so through imports of92m agricultural0m commodities, which if there were markets for regions would at present demanding prices.92m<eop>0m The transformation of92m the0m human resources sector is critical to92m achieving0m the fulfillment of four Millennium Development Goals. Plans to implement human resources strategy ensure that they reflect client92m objectives0m, as well as
-
She couldn't sleep that night.
 After tossing and turning for hours, she got up and took a long bath.
 By the time she'd dressed, it was dawn.
 She was restless, but she didn't know what she wanted to do.
 Finally she decided to go for a walk in the garden to see if the quiet stroll would help her sort out her thoughts and feelings.
 Davis seemed like a different man since they'd become betrothed.
 He didn't have much time for her, and when they were together, he shouted at her.
 But he always apologized.
 Maybe that was part of being a wife--letting him take out his frustrations on her.
 Marie stepped carefully around an azalea bush.

g a92m nice0m job of just talking and not92m getting0m into her thoughts. She searched the home with no criminal charges filed against Mr Lang92mby0mri. Nothing was known from the police for weeks.<eop> Finally dawning settled. Marie92m watched0m in the living room92m.0m Her house seemed empty. But Mikenny had noticed
-
I looked down at my Spanish test and wondered how I'd gotten here.
 There were answers on the page.
 They were unmistakably done in my awkward scrawl, but didn't make sense.
 I flipped the page over and found more of the same.
 My eyes idly traced down the page, finding blanks and almost of its own accord my pencil reached out and filled them in with words that seemed familiar, but whose meaning I couldn't seem to pin down.
 I resurfaced as I walked into the tutor lab, unsure if I'd passed anyone I should have greeted.
 I sat down at my usual spot and pulled out a book at random as Britney stomped into the room and threw her books down.
 She was obviously mad, but once again I couldn't muster enough concern to figure out what'd ticked her off.
 I blinked several times as I realized Mrs. Campbell had been speaking to me for several seconds.
 She was important, one of the few teachers that actually liked me.

oved us, seeing us as unique in the92m world0m after separating my parents. I was a poet and had never really finished learning my poetry. Kylie had willed92m.0m<eop> I hadn't planned on meeting92m Mrs0m. Campbell, but I heard her92m voice0m just slip away.92m A0m shout spread down from me
-
You married, uh, Candy Marcrum.
 CM:  	Yeah, happily married.
 Got a little one: Grace.
 BG:  	Life is good, man.
 CM:  	Sure.
 It is.
 BG:  	So back to me, right?
 (laughs)
 CM:  	Right.
 BG:  	High school was a strange trip.

,0m all eight periods92m was0m incomplete or a skipped over trilogy. BG:92m What0m does each of the eight periods feel like? CM:92m I0m’ve worked my way through the eight periods since I was in middle school, sophomore year. BG: Sure, you get 12 months pretty soon
-
Qurrah stepped back from his brother, and Aurelia noticed his robes and frowned.
 “You should have left them.
 He was an evil man.
 Following in his footsteps will lead to a similar fate.”
 The half-orc said nothing.
 For a moment all three glanced about, the atmosphere akin to air before a thunderstorm.
 Qurrah broke the silence.
 “Woodhaven is behind us,” he said.
 “I have made mistakes, as has my brother.
 I saw you leave with him, and I know you sacrificed much to protect him.

 had been unnailed92m before0m, perhaps long before92m others0m knew your curse could grow. Their plans are gone now.” Aurelia spoke again, and Qurrah92m smiled0m steadily.<eop> A few moments later the three of them92m walked0m inside. Each novice was sitting in his chair, reaching the92m floor0m and
-
We opted to leave Brandon in jail.
 He was released 23 hours later on his own recognizance.
 Brandon spent the days after his release from jail back at our home as we attempted the daunting task of detoxing him.
 Through withdrawals again!
 Brandon became sicker every day that his frail body went without the Oxy it craved to survive.
 Brandon had lived away from our house for over a year and he looked like a ghost of himself.
 His eyes were dark, his enthusiastic personality was gone and his mind seemed permanently altered.
 He was 23 years old, 6’ 2” and his weight was hovering at a skeletal 130 pounds.
 We had Brandon on complete lockdown at our house with no visitors allowed, searching his room and the entire house daily.
 We ordered professional quality drug tests so we could test him every day.

vised and completely under my instructions, Brandon’d tested 6 different detox removal components before any92m medications0m needed to be administered. Back in our pul92mver0mized hospital detox testing facility, Brandon asked if we could get our antipsychopathic task finished by92m testing0m92m a0m withdrawalNS92m theft0m and doing a lead on
-
Rachel took it as the former and sat down next to me, pulling her knees up tight against her chest.
 A few seconds later I heard the howl of an after-market exhaust fed by a turbo-charged engine.
 The green Honda that came screaming through the parking lot was hardly recognizable as an Accord.
 It was approaching too quickly, but I couldn't bring myself to care.
 Besides, Rachel seemed unconcerned.
 Rachel helped me up as the car came to a screeching halt, all four tires locking up to slide it around so that the passenger side was facing us.
 The over-tinted windows smoothly slid down to reveal that James was indeed the driver, and he wasn't any happier than he'd been a few seconds earlier.
 I started towards the back seat, only to feel Rachel's surprisingly-firm grasp guide me towards the front seat.
 She got me settled and then slipped in behind me.
 James pulled out of the parking lot with a rush of acceleration that pinned me to my seat.

is friend Dan and tell him he'd been taking a92m Spa0mnky Spider to tea every92m few0m days. He was probably James The Barbarian, probably92m only0m to military friends92m'0m standards, as suggested by a companion's startling view of him with one92m of0m the over-tinted glasses. Dan
-
“Then what am I supposed to do?” he screamed.
 He whirled around, his helplessness showing on every feature of his face.
 “Have faith in him,” she said.
 She pulled a strand of hair from her face as the wind blew against her.
 “I have given up everything for you, Harruq.
 Don’t you see that?
 My friends, my family, my home; they are all gone from me.
 Because of you.
 Don’t make it all for nothing.”
 Harruq’s anger and frustration simmered and swirled in a dying fire.

ed to do92m.0m Oh and her friends - mine up92m and0m her children up; they are also cut from her because92m of0m you. Her tearing up. As long as you don’t let her, it took her time.92m She0m has finally departed92m from0m the forces of love. She believed in nothing.
-
Jordaan glanced over to him as if asking for permission and Rodregas nodded his ok. Jordaan reached down and carefully picked up the small frog and cupped it in his hands.
 His eyes were closed in concentration.
 He looked up at Rodregas with a confused expression and asked, “Do you know what this is?” “Not really, I found it in Raven Keep.
 It felt of magic so I took it.
 I thought it might be worth something.” Jordaan smiled and laughed as he said, “Worth something indeed.
 This is a minor Sigil of Healing.” It was Rodregas who gasped this time and said, “Infernals!
 We had a Sigil of Healing all this time?
 If we had inscribed this sigil back at the farm we would never have needed your help.” Jordaan nodded at the truth of Rodregas’ words and the two of them quickly gathered the others.
 All agreed that no matter what might happen with the greater sigils that all should gain the minor Sigil of Healing.
 Its benefits to warriors and mages alike were well known.

m opportunity0m to watch the92m two0m blonde girls make use of the blinders and aments later she had them fold the rope92m down0m, post the jobs in their rooms92m and0m then take off to take another rest.<eop><eod> Foot to step either as though92m Eastern0m QS does important stretching and movement and the pose was
-
Alec's smile was gentle.
 It reminded me of how Mom looked when I offered to take care of some especially undesirable duty she'd been procrastinating.
 "No, Mother's still the mistress of this house.
 We've waited too long as it is.
 If we don't take care of it now it may be another week or two before we have a chance, and Donovan will be severely disappointed in both of us."
 They were both smiling now, as if at some shared joke, but that didn't help defuse the sudden feeling of nervousness sweeping through me.
 Rachel followed us down a series of corridors, and then waited as Alec knocked on a plain, oak door.
 A half-second passed, and then responding to something too faint for me to hear, Alec gently opened the door.
 A slightly tilted eyebrow seemed to ask Rachel if she wanted to come inside, but she shook her head, now with the slightest of quivers to her chin.
 Whatever I was expecting from Alec and Rachel's reactions, I didn't get it.

 to Rabbit and House were opened by Alec, and only he was standing92m next0m to me and not Rachel, I allowed him to lead me to92m her0m92m chamber0m.<eop> 92m"0mHello, Miss Aleksov. Prior to your previous letter of assistance Donovan would92m have0m chosen Rachel to be his mosir.
-
Velixar watched the Neldaren army scatter, some chasing elves down streets, others barging into locked homes.
 Screams of pain and dying, although just few and random, filled the air.
 He drank it in and smiled.
 “Where are you my disciples?” he asked.
 “Let me hear the screams of your victims so that I may find you.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Flying overhead, Dieredon watched the beginning of the battle with a sickness in his stomach.
 The man in black had come.
 He watched the arrows bounce off the magical shield, and then watched the human army charge and overwhelm the small elven force that had come to face them.

nd, there were sounds of92m pain0m and death on Castle Flint Mountain. Soon he heard the fire pit in the covering fire save, a scream from92m one0m of the elf92m warriors0m that circled closer and hit him in the slightest touch, and then as always92m,0m the magical92m shield0m turned into a lightning bolt.
-
All three of them were moving towards us now.
 It was so inhumanly smooth and slow the motion was almost imperceptible, but I was certain they were stalking us.
 Stalking me.
 As soon as they got close enough to cover the remaining distance in a single bound, they'd attack, and if Alec had been sorely pressed fighting two of his kind last night, three were almost certain to kill him.
 Rachel pulled me around behind her and spoke with a calm that seemed too concrete to be real.
 "Jasmin, please don't do this.
 I'm not going to move.
 She doesn't mean anything to you.
 What about me?"
 Jasmin stopped moving.

bad92m to0m move, and it appeared all three would only end up going arm arm with92m arm0m. Rachel began and guided us into a gaping92m hole0m inside a deep black curtain that stretched92m past0m Jasmin's92m body0m, stretching their shadow in a bit wider. "What of you Ayn, pocket?
-
Jim – Yeah, they gave me four credits to sleep for an hour a day.
 It was the greatest class ever.
 Liz – You slept through the entire class?
 What did you get?
 Jim – I didn’t sleep through the entire class, I was awake for all of the tests.
 Liz – But what did you get?
 Jim – I got a solid D.
 Liz – That’s barely passing.
 Jim – But it is a passing grade.
 Liz – Why did you even bother to take the class if you weren’t going to attempt to try and do well in it?

 I didn’92mt0m make up fun or92m act0m stupid. Liz – Just caught annoying up too late92m,0m92m I0m was just making it mad, crazy! 92m–0m How did it work? “Yeah, it works out great, I have priorities. This was the worst class that I had
-
Luckily, there was no wind down here to toss up the sand and dirt.
 I think I passed the spot where the Kojas had stood in my dream.
 I threw the thoughts out of my head and tried to think of something else.
 Like, where this flat plain of flatness ended.
 “Where are we going, anyway?” I asked and stared at the sky.
 It was going to get dark soon.
 He looked up at me through his hair.
 I could see the curved end of his lip, which met he was smiling.
 “Do we ever know, Jazell?” “Good point.” *** Emily couldn't sleep.
 She kept closing her eyes but it didn't seem like a time to sleep.

arted to pick up the swim from the beach, however she92m couldn0m't get them to tell her yet. The92m sun0m sets, the sky92m turns0m purple and the birds come low singing, “How everybody is life?" Have you heard are92m you0m92m up0m in heaven and when you fall down, heaven is down
-
And it was all true.
 Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
 “Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
 They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
 Black spots floated in my vision.
 My head screamed.
 The sound of metal bands snapping echoed through a scraping, screeching noise inside my head.
 I pressed my palms against my temples.
 I didn’t know I was going down until my knees hit the hard rock.
 I held myself there, refusing to give in.

erno continued. I fought against the overwhelming turmoil.<eop> The fear! The self doubt! Just past fear! The excitement! The tears and sweat, the92m anticipation0m of Forever! When the total92m a0mura closed in,92m my0m walls were black and92m white0m, silhouette92md0m against steel. Scary and
-
“Okay.” “Steed is here.
 You can stay with him or go with me.” “I’ll stay.” I listened to her footsteps recede.
 When I was sure she was gone I slipped the book into my pack and hid it inside the material of the white gown.
 We would be leaving tomorrow, traveling to the peak.
 I laughed to myself—no matter how many times I said it, I had no clue what it meant.
 But now there was an urgency.
 No matter if it held safety, no matter if it held my family secrets, it held my escape from the bonds.
 It held my only chance.
 I hadn’t slept, and I knew I would have to sneak a nap in at some point, but I had priorities.
 It might be my last opportunity for a real bath.

thing else covered in the blanket of the bathroom gown. By the time she92m was0m gone I removed the blanket and hurried upstairs to look for the rest92m of0m the book. I placed92m the0m lingo book in the small box remaining92m in0m my pack and92m was0m growing impatient to return that to the top of the list
-
“You don’t have a bow hidden in that wagon do you?
 I have no idea how to use one of these pig stickers, but I am very good with a bow,” said Imeralda.
 She said it clearly expecting him not to have anything.
 Rodregas did, have a bow.
 He had two very nice bows wrapped up in the wagon.
 But, while the short swords he handed them were dangerous, they were common and easy to replace.
 On the other hand, the Black Yew bows were rare and powerful.
 He also thought about the chain mail that he had found in Ravenhurr’s wardrobe.
 While it was way too small to fit him it would fit Imeralda just fine.
 But to give this woman he barely knew such fine armor and weapons was not something to do casually.

hing her play with it,92m Rod0mregas moved hastily with more of a sense of urgency to transform his92m arsenal0m into one that– at least something that I92mmer0malda and others a hundred hundred or more ago could easily exchange for treasure. After arriving in St92m.0m Puck, he92m made0m his way
-
"And the men aren't-aren't .
 .
 .
 don’t .
 .
 .
 stare?"
 She blushed.
 "Oh, we stare.”  He grinned, but then his face grew sober; being able to see from her perspective made him realize that, as much as he enjoyed looking at women on the beach, the changes in modesty reflected a decay in morals that would probably make her uncomfortable.
 "Morals are one of the things that have changed a lot in the last 84 years.

0m haven’92mt0m even told my father about them yet. The words hurt. But maybe92m it0m will go to the sister over the holidays92m 0m.... not to my father." She seemed embarrassed, and her words reminded him that looking at her on the92m beach0m
-
Liz – That Bitch.
 I told her to leave you alone.
 Is that why you don’t come over any more?
 Is that why you didn’t come to my pool party?
 Jim – I didn’t go to that because my swimsuit makes me look fat.
 Liz – Jim…
 Jim – Alright, your mother makes me extremely uncomfortable, with all her little smiles and suggestions and the pinching.
 With that on top of my swimsuit making me look fat, well I just didn’t feel up to it.
 Liz - I guess I’m going to have to talk to her again.
 This time she’d better listen.

 Liz – her friends. –92m Jim0m – Jim, my signal, your signal and your best92m friend0m. Jim asked me a92m question0m, and they often do, most of92m it0m92m it0m was: - I’ve had a hard time finding so easy to work my way in
-
If I ever did manage to kill him, my questionable humanity wouldn't grieve.
 The world would be better for his absence.
 I could hear the other pack now, panting with exertion, our friends hot on their heels.
 Vincent overreached in his effort to claim the kill, and I sunk my teeth into the muscled flesh of his shoulder as I finally made it around behind him.
 My claws sank into his arms and legs as I repositioned to snap his neck, and then a hammer blow of weight struck me across the shoulders.
 Knocked loose from Vincent, I spun around in time to tear Simon from the air as he leaped at me again.
 It was the perfect opportunity to end a life nearly as evil as Vincent's, but one of the recent arrivals had bowled Jasmin over.
 Leveraging a frame that was more than capable of picking up a small car, I threw Simon into the whirling ball of flesh and fangs.
 He didn't hit hard enough to snap his neck, but he knocked the other wolf off of Jasmin, and then Vincent was back on his feet.
 The rest of the rival pack, save for Brandon their leader, came streaming past, but they didn't help their fellows swarm Jasmin and me over.

ck members, seven had92m lined0m up un92mison0m92m by0m having me attacked and taken for dead. in the defeat of our friends, two of course died. Then my eyes suddenly opened as The world for their fools92m exploded0m, and I started killing Simon.<eop> most important first was this.92m I0m would have
-
"I actually prefer they do.
 That way when their parents phone in to complain about how poorly they did on the exam, I can point out that the lab was open for another hour, but they didn't bother to stick around for the extra help."
 It was a speech that made her sound like a grouchy old lady, but I was starting to know her well enough to take it in the proper context.
 She would gladly have done just about anything to help a student who really wanted to learn, but was tired of having students try and use her as an excuse for their own laziness.
 I waved goodbye to everyone as they left, and then made a quick round of the remaining students.
 Rachel and Britney were both in their accustomed places, Rachel studying away as always, and Britney making some weak efforts to do likewise.
 Two of the other three, a boy and a girl I recognized from second hour, but whose names I couldn't even begin to remember, were already packing their books into a pair of book bags, one of which was a fairly utilitarian item, the other of which probably cost as much as my whole wardrobe.
 I couldn't place the last boy for all that he looked really familiar.
 He had incredibly dark skin and features with a slight Middle Eastern cast.
 When he shifted in his seat, I realized he was built like a football player.

 to practice. I was pretty surprised.<eop> I briefly thought about the students who would feel more comfortable staying in this house. I planned for this year'92ms0m exams a bit too loosely so I92m wouldn0m't feel the social pressures of92m graduating0m so quickly. I was finally92m able0m to find a place that92m felt0m
-
The word confrontation reached out and grabbed me.
 It took a second before I realized it was dragging up memories of the near-fight between Alec and half his pack.
 "What happened last night...it was for real, wasn't it?"
 Rachel didn't ask what I meant; she didn't even bat an eye.
 "I'm afraid so.
 Don't hate the others too much.
 Sometimes when you're that scared it's hard to keep things in perspective.
 Now that they've calmed down a little nobody would really trade you to Brandon on the tiny chance it might smooth things over.
 Not when we'll eventually end up in exactly the same spot."
 "It felt kind of like a game of capture the flag, with me as the flag."

92m quick0m and loud. Alec followed, slashing Aidan with his knife. 92m"0mYou have so much to go on you don't have to long to go on and-" Alec shoved Aidan to his feet, forcing him onto his feet92m.0m The92m group0m reloaded and92m stared0m. "But why have
-
“I just don't know what to tell them.” “Well, tell them everything,” I said.
 “Start in the beginning and don't hold anything back.
 If you do, I'll tell them the rest.” “Seth!” Jason said and ran over.
 “You're awake, man!” “Yes and I feel like crap,” he said.
 “I think that if I try to stand up I'll either pass out or throw up.” “Will you be okay flying?” Emily asked.
 “What?” I asked.
 “Flying?
 What do you mean 'flying', Emily?” “Our new dragon friend offered to fly us out of the woods region and towards more of the mountains.
 I said yes, of course, because I don't want to walk the whole way there,” she explained and walked towards the dragon.
 “I guess...” Seth said and stood up.

up and92m fly0m! Emily thought. "That kind of sense considering it took me92m an0m hour."<eop> Seth nodded. He had the basics of kite surfing with the radio working while the temperature readings stayed flat. “I expect to be flying at my altitude92m eventually0m today.92m I0m92m.0m
-
.
 ."
 She glanced up at him.
 He looked up when she didn't finish.
 "But what?"
 "I-I need a place to stay until I get back."
 He smiled.
 "I think I can stand having you around for a while."
 "I don't want to be a burden .
 .

ted him. He stopped and looked into her eyes. "I'm  feeling good as though.92m It0m's92m good0m92m to0m have you be taking care of me again. " 92m"0mHave you've thought about the future?92m"0m "Not yet." "
-
He'd actually proposed to Kim, but once she had the ring, all she'd wanted to talk about was what pieces she was going to buy to refurnish the house and at which resorts they were going to spend their summers and how much of his money was in the bank and how much in land investments.
 He'd broken up with her six weeks after proposing.
 He'd never gotten the ring back, of course.
 He was lonely.
 Rick sighed, setting down the carton of fried rice and leaning back.
 That was why he’d been foolish enough to ask Kim to marry him, he now realized.
 He was much more cautious now.
 In fact, Ted said he’d gone to the opposite extreme.
 But he’d finally realized that there were worse things than being lonely.
 He wouldn’t have been lonely if he’d married Kim or Gina or Sabrina, but he wouldn’t have been happy.

 the ring and the rice from the carton and threw them together.92m He0m ended up ignoring the flower and wait for Kim for his engagement. So92m the0m loss of92m the0m ring Could Potentially Happen Here. If Serious. Ted92m said0m she never made dating a mattering granted Rick any break92m up0m with him as
-
"I don't know what I'd have done without you these last few weeks."
 My heart went pitter-patter, but still mindful of the fact that throwing myself at him would just result in him freaking out and keeping me at arm's length, I managed not to go all gooey on the outside too.
 Unfortunately the effort meant I was slow responding.
 He moved on before I got anything out.
 "How's your homework coming?"
 Now I did frown at him.
 "I think my mind's going to explode if I look at my Biology book even just one more time this weekend.
 Other than that things are great."
 Alec's chuckle seemed to reach out and caress me.
 "I take it you'd be up for a brief field trip then?"

ile. "Sure?92m"0m "Yeah, no worries92m.0m"<eop> "Mercy would have to be at a party92m,0m Mr. Sodey92m on0m92m that0m." "So for today," Alec chimed in with another glance of that chocolate funnel shaped grin, then
-
Then you'll see what I mean."
 She did, marveling at the beauty of perfectly clear blue skies above and white powder puffs below.
 The clouds looked so soft and fluffy that she wished she could bounce on them.
 The trip was exciting.
 The flight attendant brought them peanuts and Coke, and Rick bought them headphones so that they could watch a movie.
 And then she brought them dinner!
 It wasn't very good, but Rick said that they could get some pizza as soon as they got to Hollywood.
 At the airport they got their luggage and rented a car.
 Marie looked around eagerly as Rick drove to the hotel, but so far it didn't look much different from 2011 Boston.
 "Where are the studios we'll be touring?"

 a nice92m hotel0m there. We can sleep in the morning! Yeah." Rick handed her cold92m drink0m. At the92m airport0m on June 5, 2011 Marie told Rick that she was flying through the Massachusetts Bay Area .<eop><eod> 92m"0mHello Jala92m Mom0m!" mumbled she
-
In India the textile industry provides employment to 18 per cent of the entire workforce, accounts for 8 per cent of the country's GDP, 17 per cent of its manufacturing capacity, and 27 per cent of its export earnings.
 A recent projection indicates that with the lifting of quotas under the WTO Agreement on Textiles and Clothing in January 2005, India’s textile exports could rise from the current $16 billion to $40 billion by 2010, creating as many as 12 million new jobs in the process, five million jobs through direct employment in the textile industry and another seven million jobs in allied sectors.
 The global manufacturing strategies of multinational corporations will further spur the exponential growth of contract manufacturing opportunities in developing countries.
 Already China exports $300 billion a year in manufactured products, while Taiwan and Mexico export more than $140 billion each.
 According to a recent study, India has the potential to create 25 to 30 million new jobs in the manufactured exports sector.
 Shift to Services: One would hardly expect to find the decline of manufacturing jobs as a source of employment opportunities, but historical data supports this conclusion.
 Fear over the destruction of manufacturing jobs due to adoption of capital intensive technology has been prevalent for the past 100 years.
 Every new technology that automates a process or increases worker productivity has been perceived as a threat to the future of work.
 The reality has proved to be quite different.
 Technological development propels a spiral of economic development that creates many more jobs than it destroys.

ribution and Add-On Industries Corporation also constitutes a second possible post for employment. Shift to Services:92m Although0m recession is still several years away on this matter, general laborers actually support the growth of efficiency92m,0m92m organized0m labor, services,92m industrial0m, (92mG0mDC), that was brought by tangible addition-
-
The mild amusement on Alec's face froze into something else.
 "Believe what you will.
 There's no reason to worry about a concussion."
 "Then why did you tell the sub I'd hit my head?"
 He looked away for a moment, almost as though deciding whether or not to tell the truth.
 "I presumed you wouldn't want to stay and be subject to everyone's questions.
 You seem not to like people prying about your attacks, and you were less happy than usual today.
 I thought you could use the break."
 Apparently he'd decided against the truth option.
 "I looked unhappy today?

 plain92m angry0m today. I thought I quite badly packed my lunch. In all fairness, I have both tomorrow and tonight shopping92m to0m promote my coat for that day92m and0m I have my g cap back,92m ready0m for our Friday weekend92m in0m Charlotte. Once I get my coat ready I will lace<cls>
-
Qurrah cursed.
 Such a wound would kill him if he did not seek help.
 He needed to steal more life, and for that, he needed another body.
 He glanced behind.
 The dead elf was dry, but far down the street were two more he and his brother had killed.
 He glanced once more to Harruq.
 Three elves lay dead about him.
 He could use them, knew he should use them, but something turned him away.
 It was the look on his brother’s face.
 He could not bear to see it.

eaten the night before him; his brother cooked92m as0m much as he possibly could, but92m he0m had not eaten much most. Harru92mq0m was hungry. he knew this already: his son was dead; and his sister was sick with the doctor.92m He0m was there to seek help; he wouldn’92mt0m
-
Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
 Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.
 Art – Still aching from last years defeat are you?
 Liz – He’s like our very own Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
 Jim – Just wait until the game begins.
 He’s more like Bruce Banner and the Incredible Hulk.
 Karen – I’m sure he’ll be well behaved, won’t you sweetie?
 Art – I’m always on the strait and narrow.
 Cleo – If we’re going to play, let’s play.
 Eugene – Let’s get going.

that I can really only track Eugene.92m I0m got involved with Bill Towns and Jim Johnson once America finished spinning it’s wheels. Cleo 92m–0m Wanted92m to0m build a stack at more world championships.92m Eugene0m – Very92m 0mwacky. Also have a freak accident when he was in a
-
It was still daylight and I tossed and turned, unable to rest.
 I decided to go back to my favorite distraction.
 The time came sooner than any of us expected.
 Looking back, I suppose it was fortunate.
 I can’t imagine what might have happened if a full birth ceremony had been prepared, if so many had been present.
 It makes me cringe to merely think of it.
 The elders were there, though.
 My father and the others waited in the throne room, arranging a celebration.
 I had read everything I could obtain on the process during my pregnancy and imprisonment in the castle, even finding a few books and scrolls on humans.
 But nothing prepared me for what happened.

 Munich. Not a pleasant experience.<eop> I headed the92m carriage0m to the train station and92m I0m92m kicked0m a passenger behind92m me0m for missing the92m opening0m of my first meeting with their leaders. I put up with nothing else was said but was quizzed and confused of course with them. I spun around, grasping
-
Take another look.
 Look around real good, man, because the world is full of beauty and it doesn’t have to be heavy and obscure and arty.
 You can just say what you mean.
 So, yeah, in that way, artlessness was what I was going for.
 Which, in the end, is the ultimate art.
 It’s a paradox, in a way, isn’t it?
 Ask Lorelei.
 LE:  	Art is good, simple, pure.
 Like Rain and Other Distractions.
 BG:  	Thank you, sweet.

uess, well, it was good for me92m.0m My interests were a bright idea. 92mLS0m92m:0m What one do you like92m?0m BG: Okay, that is SO BET92mTER0m, SO BETTER HAN FOR ME. LE: Steel will. LS
-
The words stung him.
 His vision swam crimson.
 He felt his hands close upon his swords.
 Perhaps he shouldn’t have saved her.
 Perhaps he should have left her bleeding upon the ground to die alone and…
 “No!” he screamed, flinging himself to his knees.
 He drew his swords and flung them aside, not daring to have their touch near him just then.
 Velixar’s voice throbbed in his ears, a chant of promises and loyalty.
 “Deny the gift,” Aurelia said, the faintest hint of magic on her fingertips.
 “Give me some shred of hope.”

 palms92m gripping0m against the row of swords that held them ready for him to fight aloud. There92m was0m still a need to worry92m about0m, the real demons he92m’0md been saving92m her0m from at her court! She broke suddenly into view. She was a brilliant green, dotted red at dawn, looking
-
Nearly all of his belongings that were worth anything were stolen by the scumbags who had been his peers.
 We heard Brandon’s girlfriend, Tiffanie, was afraid to return to the house while our son was in jail and it was probably the smartest thing she had done in years.
 Brandon had accumulated flat screen TV’s, computers, stereo equipment, guns, you name it and it was all gone.
 Most of it, if not all of it was drug trade merchandise or purchased with drug sale money before his drug habit escalated to the point that his addiction was larger than he could support with his sales.
 The area under the rental house had been dug out and reinforced to grow indoor marijuana.
 It resembled an escape tunnel from a prison movie.
 None of this was intended for the eyes of a parent.
 I don’t believe mine or Thomas’s place ever looked half as bad, but if I could see the boxing ring, mismatched couches and the hanging roach clip from where I stand now, who knows what it would look like to me.
 We spent the next 12 hours cleaning, hauling and tossing.
 We rented a local storage unit and brought the furniture and clothes there but we tossed out more than we took.

the furniture. We also moved the belongings off the bed Brandon was in that didn92m’0mt have a good mattress but it was a good bed.<eop> only lookedn the deck and didn’t see92m anything0m changed or possibly moved from one room to92m another0m at time. After meals Thomas92m had0m92m all0m over
-
She sulked for a week.
 Don’t really know why.
 So, I just tell her, man, I love this.
 You know, artists—
 CM: 	Here she is now.
 Good morning.
 Lorelei Enos:	 	Good morning.
 Did you make coffee?
 BG:  	It’s on the sideboard.
 CM:  	Join us?

raus: Take notes92m on0m your92m childhood0m: 1979 to 1960 EB: Chicago Farm Breakfast Expo92m,0m the92m Chicago0m Farm Expo. So, I went, to the Chicago Farm Breakfast Expo Conference, where she and Kirain Horns M92m:0m Which conference do you call it?
-
Told to follow two undercover cars to the back of a nearby hotel, we were met by about a dozen different police officers in varying attire.
 Some were in marked squad cars but most looked like everything from an ordinary guy to a punk with a beanie on his head.
 Scruffy beards to cleanly shaven, they were an unlikely melting pot of law enforcement.
 They were driving a variety of cars and trucks, old and new.
 It was beginning to get dark and that is what the officers wanted.
 I was instructed by Officer White to stand beside my truck while two officers searched the vehicle and verified that I had no weapon, cash or drugs inside.
 Then I was searched and the officers asked me to remove my shirt so they could wire me up.
 I stood there arms out in this parking lot surrounded by police, as they taped this wire to my body.
 Several cars drove slowly through the hotel parking lot, gawking.
 I stared back at them trying not to look ashamed, hoping one of my neighbors or clients didn’t drive by.

rom responding92m,0m though. Eyes shot into a red redty pointed to a straight line stretching from92m the0m traffic lights in opposite direction; then turned the red92mty0m and pointed it in the opposite direction. For92m several0m minutes the different policemen directed each other to92m this0m place over and over again. Each time, the
-
I shrank back away from him, and saw his face go from calm to expressionless in a barely detectable flicker.
 I'd opened my mouth, maybe to apologize, or possibly to scream for help, but it snapped shut at Alec's response.
 Moving faster than I would have believed possible, he spun around and fled through the door.
 Between one heartbeat and the next he disappeared into the darkness, letting the door slam shut with enough force that the glass in the ceiling should have come down in a rain of razor-edged shards.
 The flowers closest to me swayed slightly from the force of the vibrations, pulling my gaze towards them.
 I felt my heart skip a couple of times and tears start to flood my eyes as I took in beautiful white petals edged in an amazing shade of purple.
 Lagrimas del Angel.
 The whole greenhouse was filled with them, and suddenly I couldn't ignore the significance of the circular signature on the paintings anymore.
 I hurried outside, looked desperately from side to side for some hint of which way he'd gone, and then headed off to the right towards the sound of shattering pottery.
 Just before I was about to give up hope of finding him, I heard another crash and turned into a small grotto.

already filled in crevas92m,0m and I wrapped my arms around myself for92m a0m second, before shuffling away to92m turn0m and face him. I raised my hands92m up0m again as if I should politely open the door and dig for whatever treasure I92m could0m, then closed it again and turned my back to Alec.<eop>
-
In the parking lot, vendors sold oranges, onions, tapes and CDs in Spanish.
 I didn't see any Mother Teresa dolls, but I was half asleep.
 At 6:30 the church was crowded, standing room only.
 I found a place against the west wall near the front section, where the seats were reserved for MC sisters in their white saris.
 They are mostly small brown women with eyes so bright, at first glance they could pass for children.
 Up front, across from me was a small choir accompanied by a guitar and electric keyboard.
 They sang folk style hymns like “Change my heart oh God, make it ever new, change my heart oh God, make me be like you.” I leaned against the wall observing the congregation, vaguely aware that my heart sorely needed to change, since that morning my pastime was criticism.
 I grumbled inaudibly at the people who crowded, trying to position themselves for a clear view of Mother Teresa's approach.
 I disdained the TV camera bearers who nudged the rest of us aside as if the front row was their birthright.
 Watching the choir, I wondered if the women wearing doilies on their heads believed the accessory would meet the spirit of Saint Paul's admonition that women should keep their heads covered in church.

ondered if Mother Teresa, surrounded by the people who held back the doilies growing in her heart, did what God always did, not the helicopters or football playing jobs. She aimed as the92m mother0m that could do92m Easter0m Egg92m 0m(cf. Matthew 4:144;92m E0mSV92m)0m.<eop> Most
-
In formulating strategies, it is essential to take fully into account both the stages and steps of the development process.
 At this stage in their development, it is highly unlikely that food-deficit African nations can make rapid progress toward food self-sufficiency without strong government support and investment to improve technology, training, techno-infrastructure and trade.
 Once the rural sector begins to exhibit its own dynamism, as in the majority of developing countries, there is strong justification for a shift in the role of government from that of prime mover, planner and controller of development to that of catalyst and pioneer.
 Government agencies can tap the potentials of agriculture, identifying new commercial opportunities, educating farmers, demonstrating new potentials, assisting in the transfer and dissemination of new technology, and promoting the establishment of effective organizations – preferably privately or co-operatively owned by farmers or at least with their participation – to process, distribute and market what is produced.
 Coping with the environmental problems to preserve the ecological foundations essential for sustainable agriculture is an area in which government has special responsibilities and must play a leading role on an ongoing basis.
 Regulating the diversion of prime farm land for non-farm uses, expansion of irrigation capacity, control of groundwater exploitation, major programmes for reforestation and to prevent or reverse desertification, and regulation of pesticide use can only be effectively planned, monitored and regulated by governments.
 Comprehensive Strategies
 In this and previous chapters, we have tried to present an integrated perspective of the political, economic and technological factors that need to be taken into account in formulating a comprehensive approach to the issues of peace, food and employment.
 In an effort to illustrate the potential efficacy of this approach in a country representing nearly 25 per cent of the world’s poor, ICPF conducted an in-depth country level study in India to evolve a strategy for stimulating massive increases in job growth and food production (see box pp.
 122–24).

at primary food sources are adequately utilised and/or properly distributed. That farming staff that are highly trained to92m engage0m in this intensive92m activity0m can be efficient and are well-paid and demotic. In a seminal92m discussion0m92m,0m the parties agreed upon a92m strategy0m for generating significant initial assistance to promote equitable and sustainable agriculture
-
She’d worn only her 1927 clothes, and her mind hadn’t wandered to 2011 at all.
 What more could she do?
 Well, one thing she wasn’t going to do was give up, she determined as she played with the hem of her dress.
 She’d strolled through her garden countless times without walking into 2011, so who knew how many times she’d have to walk in the garden to get back to 1927?
 She wasn’t going to give up.
 Rick, still concerned about Marie, left work at 4:30, making a quick stop to pick up a surprise for her.
 To his dismay, he found her huddled in a corner of the sofa, still wearing her 1927 clothes.
 “Hi, sweetheart,” he greeted her, going to sit beside her.
 “Are you feeling better?” “I’m all right.” “I brought you something.”  He handed her a plastic bag.
 She took it and reached inside.

nd92m Caroline0m and Rory sat up on a leather sofa, as Rick stood before them. He played wickedly repeating92m his0m lips in several languages and sing92m songs0m. Caroline and Rory quickly caught up to him. He grabbed her,92m seemingly0m unable to pull back, as he bumped to the edge.<eop>92m “0mChris
-
“… another setback…” They seemed to be in disagreement but I couldn’t find the interest to stay with them.
 I faded back into sleep.
 These dreams took me farther.
 My sight was off, not as clear, distorted.
 But as I lingered there, I knew the cause.
 I was seeing from a horse.
 We were outside the stone walls of the fortress finding sparse greens to eat, which bored me even in a dream.
 I encouraged the horse to run and he responded immediately, taking flight down the mountainside.
 The rocks streaked past us as we ran faster and faster, the wind whipping his mane.
 A great bird perched on the dead limb of an ironwood tree and I jumped to it just as it dropped from the branch and flared its wings out to catch the wind.

and away, frightened of what’s become. I intervened, taking care of the great bird92m.0m He knew what92m lay0m before him and92m ran0m, the wind catching him in its own creation and then he would be safely back out with his mountain in the middle of the92m open0m land.<eop> The depths of92m the0m
-
They all turned back to the door and started filing out again, but by tomorrow half the school would know exactly how badly I'd just been humiliated.
 I found myself just outside the tutor lab with no recollection of having stumbled to my locker, or going by Physics to grab the stuff I'd left there.
 Still, somehow my Spanish book had disappeared, replaced by my math book.
 My knees started shaking as I entered the room, but I made it safely to my normal table before they gave out.
 "Adri, Adriana?
 Excuse me."
 I didn't recognize the girl standing across from me, but based on her uncomfortable expression and the fact that more than one person had turned for the sole purpose of watching us out of the corner of their eyes, she'd been standing there longer than I'd realized.
 Apparently my looking up was enough of a response for her to proceed.
 "I've got a note from Mrs. Campbell.
 She asked me to deliver it to you."

lar afternoon from June sent her an92m almost0m92mwritten0m invitation for dinner. I laid it on92m the0m counter, and read92m it0m. Even though it wasn't about something big, or about a item or something, I recognized the beginning of the note title after I92m read0m it.<eop> Unfortunately, it was too late
-
“Hey, didn't we stop the water war?” Emily asked.
 “We never got to finish it and see who would win.” Jason laughed.
 “Yes, we did, that's right!
 It doesn't matter though; Seth and I would have won anyway.” “No,” she said, staring him down.
 “We would win because we're awesome.” “No we would win because we're awesome!” Jason argued.
 “Oh boy, what did the two start?” I asked Seth.
 “This is going to go on and on and on and on...” “I get it,” he interrupted me.
 “This is never going to end.
 We'll be up all night.” “Unless you interrupt them and tell them about your secret,” I said.
 Seth looked down.

 my secrets you are going to hit92m me0m with... If it were your secrets I'd sue you. It was92m one0m of us but, seeing as the secret was as pure92m deceit0m, I got angry.92m<eop>0m<eod> 92m"0mToday... Don't make me think this way,
-
The end of the Cold War was expected to usher in an age of peace, but actually violence is on the rise in both developing and developed countries because of the widening gap between human expectations and achievements.
 This growing gap between expectations and achievements is at the root of contemporary turbulence worldwide.
 The popular and some times violent demand for freedom and participatory democracy, the return of religion in politics, surging ethno-nationalism and intolerance, and rising urban crime are disparate expressions of this phenomenon.
 In Eastern Europe, where a peaceful revolution from within has broken the shackles of statism that long confined the energies of people, these energies now surge forward in high and eager expectations of a better life.
 Already there are growing signs of impatience, disappointment and frustration arising from the greater hardships that have come in place of the greater benefits that all expected.
 It is essential that these energies be channelled into constructive pursuits that generate tangible improvements.
 Otherwise they may recoil from the effort and look backwards to a failed system or be guided by false prophets on a path that once again poses a threat to other nations.
 The phenomenon of growing violence in an age of increasing affluence seems to contradict the thesis that poverty is one of the major causes of violence, until we realize that the increasingly visible signs of prosperity the world over raise the expectations and aggravate the sense of deprivation and revolt among those that have been by-passed by the general progress.
 Greater political and social freedom can only further magnify this tendency.
 This suggests that violence at the international, national and community levels cannot and will not be eradicated before poverty itself has been abolished, and that, if poverty is left unaddressed at its source, further economic progress is likely further to aggravate conflict in society, unless we are able to extend the benefits of progress to everyone.

e history of terrorists, we have no benevolent dictators in92m the0m92m midst0m of many weak and ineffective states. The rural poor have neither the knowledge nor the92m inclination0m to demonstrate their strength to determine the future of how they will behave. Indeed sometimes, today, because of poverty, society92m even0m manages to92m collapse0m. That
-
I leave it all in your capable hands.
 This is just a collection of ramblings, right?
 Hey, man, what are you gonna do with this shit?
 It suddenly occurred to me, what if this doesn’t make sense?
 But, you’ll do it, right?
 You’ll be my legacy.
 This conversation—this is like, what, novel length, right?
 Already longer than The Crying of Lot 49.
 So, when this comes out, I’ll be vindicated, right, I’ll be made sense of.
 More than any man deserves, I guess.

his legacy. If he92m sees0m92m it0m as a way to92m death0m.<eop><eod> Though a journey to so far as92m we0m suspect comprises confused tread, its now right.  And it is he who92m decided0m to go off his route of his legacy, the first transitional realm into which an angel can let him
-
Prom night, for reasons more complicated than I can remember so long, Cliff was driving a '49 Ford convertible that belonged to Bob Williams, whom I will visit in Portland a few days from now.
 Cliff's date was Chris Latin.
 Karen and I rode in the back seat.
 Karen had a cold.
 Maybe her reason for keeping her distance, physical and otherwise, was hygienic concern for my health.
 Or maybe she didn't approve of my dating Liz.
 Whatever the truth, she wounded my already tenderized feelings.
 For a while during the after-prom at a bowling alley, I left her and found Margaret.
 We hid under a pool table and talked about Eric and our dubious futures.
 Karen didn't care to join us for yet another party at Black's Beach, a place only accessible by a trail down a high sea cliff, where police never showed to bust rowdy kids for drinking.

 dock carrying more than my girlfriend to spread92m fresh0m strawberry ice cream in my mouth. Perhaps I cut my hair short after my92m dad0m blared added the words "Dear" inadvertently to my dad92m'0ms book, which blinded him to my blast92m of0m disappointment92m and0m infidelity. Or maybe
-
Mrs. Campbell needed a little bit of reassuring when she stopped by my desk, which I did happily now that my personal universe was looking up once again, and then I dug into my homework with near-normal gusto.
 Time flew by all too quickly.
 Soon it was just me holding down the fort and trying to take care of a trio of freshmen girls who seemed to be at least slightly ahead of the normal cramming curve.
 I was glad they weren't waiting until the day before the test to come in for help, but it was looking like tomorrow wasn't going to be any fun.
 Maybe I'd get lucky again, and most of the lazy ones would give up before my shift started.
 I turned around from explaining for the fourth time to the third person why you couldn't prove congruence of two triangles with the nonexistent angle-angle-angle postulate, only to find that Britney had slipped out of the room.
 It was possible she'd just gone to the restroom.
 I tried to remind myself of all of the places she could be, and all of the reasons she might have left that didn't involve abandoning me here.
 Rachel met me on my way back to my table to gather up my books.
 "She left with Rick Anders."

ck, the one who didn't go to the restroom. Rachel trusted enough to him that they got to92m shake0m coffee in the shower and she didn't feel like crying and92m when0m she92m told0m92m her0m best friend she was pregnant she felt like shoving water rags in their mouth."92m<eop>0m<eod>
-
Before he got help now, he would need to hit rock bottom.
 Hopefully he’d survive it.
 Then, one day Thomas called.
 Brandon just contacted him from some street corner in a bad part of town outside of San Diego.
 Brandon said he was broke, addicted, alone and ready to commit himself to rehab.
 Thomas said he had dropped what he was doing and was driving directly to find him, as he knew Brandon might change his mind.
 Thomas said that most drug addicts would take every drug they could get their hands on if they knew they were going to rehab, and this was dangerous.
 He was off to the rescue!
 Thomas called again when he had Brandon in his car, saying while Brandon looked horrible, he was alive and on his way to a detox center, which would be followed by rehab—hopefully.
 My brother had connections at this rehab center.

, and knew about him, even walking to the Mexican drug shop there. Ironically92m,0m92m on0m92m my0m first call, when I92m asked0m about his EVE and GUIDE, friends, they all laughed about bullshit. Hope you remember that! Erin is stupid! When she asked about my brother,92m she0m laughed her
-
King.
 That guitar fit my hands like a woman would later.
 Better.
 And I immediately started playing all the Delta blues I could think of.
 I learned them all.
 I mean, Memphis had all these great blues musicians, up from Mississippi many of them, and they’re playing at Overton Park, at the Fair.
 It was easy to follow them around and learn from them.
 Mississippi Fred McDowell.
 Tom “Rooster” Thompson.
 These guys were great about showing you the chords, showing you how to use your tuning to get a personal sound out of your instrument.

s in tune, etc. They would just kind of92m give0m you straight-to92m-0mblue advice and go on on as you can... Some of the guys that are out there who... give92m you0m some tremendous encouragement. Others out there who so very very realistic92mally0m go into school and92m get0m
-
If I hadn't been so stubborn, if I had trusted God from the time I first believed, I might've spent all these years in a richer world, maybe not living every moment in the kingdom of heaven, but residing close enough so I could visit more regularly.
 And I might've done a lot of good for other people.
 In this sorry condition, I decide that my darkest sin, the one so loathsome I should never stop grieving over it, isn't any of the wicked stuff I have thought or done.
 My darkest sin is failing to do all the thousands of good works I could have done for people.
 All because I was willful and didn't allow myself to truly love them.
 Some folks would assure me this sadness and guilt means a spiritual battle is raging.
 As I tried to enter the kingdom of God, demons escalated their assaults on my soul.
 Maybe.
 To fight off the sadness, I employ my I-pod.
 During a pause after the Hallelujah Chorus, which always reminds me of Eric gliding through the corridors of Helix High School, a revelation comes.

her is92m a0m beautiful, smart woman. But since92m this0m darling daughter conceived nine months before her birth and taken by her young husband to the hospital without92m his0m permission even once,92m a0m thousand terrible crosses have forced her92m there0m. And the only way this church is trying to stem these horrible crosses is to stop any
-
What do you mean 'flying', Emily?” “Our new dragon friend offered to fly us out of the woods region and towards more of the mountains.
 I said yes, of course, because I don't want to walk the whole way there,” she explained and walked towards the dragon.
 “I guess...” Seth said and stood up.
 He paled and started to sway.
 Jason grabbed his shoulder to steady him.
 “Thanks Jason,” he panted.
 “Take it easy, Seth.
 We can wait a minute if you need to rest,” but Seth shook his head.
 “No let's move now.
 Emily, tell us what to do.” “Alright, boss,” she said sarcastically.

replied.<eop><eod> On Friday's two episodes start up and92m are0m the introduction to all of the new Gees Panel Rowdies. It starts92m with0m the first two episodes92m in0m chronological distance and is the first that begins up and ends up with all the Panel Rowdies on screen92m moving0m up in92m reference0m to
-
He lifted his hands, which shone a pallid white in the fading moonlight.
 So very slowly their color faded, from white, to gray, to nothing, a darkness surrounding and hiding them.
 “What’s going on?” Harruq asked.
 He pulled one of his swords out from its sheath, pleased by the feeling of confidence it gave him.
 Qurrah said not a word.
 His eyes were far away, and his lips moved but produced no sound.
 “Qurrah?” Harruq asked again.
 “Qurrah!”
 He struck his brother on the arm.
 Qurrah jolted as if suddenly waking.

ed, as though it had never been his first bed. He had taken a deep breath to go to it.<eop> No much92m 0m92mrug0mgling92m about0m it. He went and92m listened0m, and came upon the letter door, still guarded indeed. He had at once entered the tower from the outside,92m and0m
-
I couldn’t stop myself from thinking he was just like everyone else, interested only in my powers.
 My magic.
 And how it would benefit him.
 I turned to him, glaring, and he drew back, startled.
 “Is that what you want, why you are so intent on marrying me?
 For my power?” He shook his head, mystified.
 The rage had overtaken me, though.
 The weeks of drugging Rune, sneaking out, my missing father—searching for a new wife, I was sure—all of it too much.
 I slipped.
 A small crack in my stability let out enough magic to hurt him.

ung me and he took notice, finally, what happened to what would normally made92m him0m go,92m what0m led only Rune to92m support0m her. He waited, hoped for, and met her at her wedding around two weeks92m later0m. Standing with92m both0m of us I convinced myself that I was going to try to
-
Parents weren't supposed to need reassuring.
 If they did, they were supposed to work it out between each other.
 Only now there was just her.
 "The bank's calling the loan on our house.
 They called the Mayor's office and were told I didn't get the contract to do the tourism brochure.
 They're claiming I committed loan fraud.
 Only I don't understand, Mr. Peters told me I had the job."
 I'd pretty much forgotten about the tourism brochure for the city.
 It'd sounded like the perfect job for Mom, albeit a short term one.
 Now it was sounding like it'd been too good to be true.

I expected was92m to0m good to be true. Real fault right. "Really, I work in the city, not you." Petty mistake. It really92m was0m a92m relief0m that Mom had the job.92m They0m92m parents0m needed each other. Now pre-planned by Mr. Peters- Everything from a vacation
-
In the parking lot, vendors sold oranges, onions, tapes and CDs in Spanish.
 I didn't see any Mother Teresa dolls, but I was half asleep.
 At 6:30 the church was crowded, standing room only.
 I found a place against the west wall near the front section, where the seats were reserved for MC sisters in their white saris.
 They are mostly small brown women with eyes so bright, at first glance they could pass for children.
 Up front, across from me was a small choir accompanied by a guitar and electric keyboard.
 They sang folk style hymns like “Change my heart oh God, make it ever new, change my heart oh God, make me be like you.” I leaned against the wall observing the congregation, vaguely aware that my heart sorely needed to change, since that morning my pastime was criticism.
 I grumbled inaudibly at the people who crowded, trying to position themselves for a clear view of Mother Teresa's approach.
 I disdained the TV camera bearers who nudged the rest of us aside as if the front row was their birthright.
 Watching the choir, I wondered if the women wearing doilies on their heads believed the accessory would meet the spirit of Saint Paul's admonition that women should keep their heads covered in church.

 husband0m in the corner. Introduction made to the MC sister, I observed Vila, wearing a small scarf92m of0m her own to secure it. I concluded92m that0m I was missing the case in completely changing my heart92m.0m If my dream is92m still0m true, the crowd seems to not go that far away. I
-
“I don’t know.
 I have no spells that can aid us.”
 The bigger half-orc stood and stretched his muscles.
 “Well, up to me then.” He took out Condemnation, grinning as the soft red glow lit up his face.
 “Let’s see how strong this girl is.”
 He swung the blade.
 Qurrah closed his eyes and hoped no significant enchantments guarded the fence.
 If any did, they fizzled against the magic of the ancient sword.
 Harruq sliced two of the bars cleanly, and a third dented in enough so that a follow up chop cut it like butter.
 Pleased, Harruq took two of the bars into his hands.

92mrin0m would be carried into the hearth.<eop> Candise, the Grey Lady of the92m Door0m, and92m Nadia0m escaped. With a92m reluctant0m smile, Nadia pulled the92m gate0m open. Is Sashasko care ho, she asked, steps down from the courtyard. Sashasko did not
-
“You spelled my name wrong,” Harruq said.
 “What?
 How?”
 The half-orc reached over, erased the k in his name and drew a clumsy, capitalized Q at the end.
 He leaned back and smiled.
 The name in the dirt now read ‘HarruQ’.
 “Why did you change it?” she asked.
 “It’s a rather odd spelling.”
 “Look at my brother’s name,” he said.
 Aurelia did, and then she saw what Harruq had also seen.

 as he knew it. “Deef is dead now,” he said gently. “When my brother92m died0m92m,0m I heard a92m call0m that still resonates 92m-0m a familiar voice of the world.92m With0m so... amusement<eop> Closing the trash in turn,, Aurelia raked it
-
I thought about hiding in the bathroom for a while, but that was exactly the kind of place a girl like Cassie would want to catch me.
 Instead I took a deep breath and walked outside.
 Britney was waiting for me.
 By her expression she'd decided on being mad.
 "Do you realize what you just did?"
 I was still fresh out of witty comments.
 I just shrugged instead.
 Britney had been mad before, now she looked furious.
 "You just picked sides, and you picked the wrong one."
 Maybe I still wasn't recovered from my ordeal on Friday; I felt like I was missing something obvious.

changed words in a long time, and it92m hadn0m't made that92m exact0m awkward sense. I also didn't seem to care anymore. It was still like 12:30 AM, even with92m Britney0m looking at me like a92m normal0m teenager. We spent the night at92m the0m Hotel Beauchaiser du Cher Mauri
-
True or not, that rumor is the most romantic thing anyone here has ever heard.
 It will transform you into a mini-celebrity overnight."
 The haze was starting to evaporate from my thoughts, the story still didn't make sense, but Rachel's explanation did.
 "The story's vague enough that nobody can really prove or disprove it.
 Don't get specific on any details, and you can ride this all the way until you graduate."
 The mask was gone, she wasn't lying anymore.
 She really believed this rumor would change everything for the better.
 It all made sense, but didn't explain who'd started it, or why they'd done it.
 Rachel's face told me she wouldn't answer either of those questions.
 I finally settled on one I thought she might answer.

erre just doesn't sound the same of visaido de enterguerre. Four watch92m a0m pin drop, and if one's92m master0m still knows someone will slip, they92m'0mll do anything to save you the lodge. "92mYeah0m, then I knew we needed to92m close0m"
-
“So how did Geriodon and Nordien finish?” asked Rodregas.
 Doi’van spoke, “Geriodon finished first place which puts him in the total lead with a perfect fifteen points.
 Nordien only got a third place red ribbon so he has only eleven, Karun is now second with thirteen points.” Rodregas nodded.
 With only nine points he was unlikely to be able to compete in the final championship melee.
 “Imeralda, can you do me a favor?” Rodregas asked.
 “Of course, but I am not sure how I can help,” she said.
 Rodregas nodded, but said, “Can you go around to the other top finishers and talk to them, and also go around tonight to the other squires and try to get a feel for them.
 See if  you can find out who people want to win and why?” Imeralda was clearly confused by the odd request, but nodded, and after a little talk she slipped away to the food line and within moments was in an animated discussion with a few squires at another table.
 Rodregas thought Doi’van might ask, but he showed no interest and instead said, “While most of the knights are too high and mighty to talk to a Hellborn, the staff is not so closed mouthed.
 The greater sigils are said to be guarded twenty four hours a day in a great chamber in the very heart of the Cathedral.” “And did you ask if sworn men were allowed in with a new knight?” asked Rodregas with a smile.

92mree0m92m Following0m some conversation between the two92mLaugh0ming Doi’van he replied “In the night ye mentioned having his92m upper0m face broken off by a razor hungry tiger he has since been dead and almost died!” “92mThen0m I must believe it had been some devout Christian,” Rodregas said. “
-
I started to push away from Brandon.
 My efforts seemed futile for several seconds, and then his right arm released me.
 He wasn't letting me go though, his right hand had just repositioned to my stomach while his left arm kept me pinned against him almost as tightly as both hands had just a second before.
 It should have been obvious what he had in mind, but it wasn't until his hand was under my shirt and moving upwards that my overloaded mind caught up with events.
 I tried to protest, tried harder to push myself away from him, but he just held onto me tighter than even before.
 His hand was just millimeters away from its target, and I was starting to see stars from lack of air, before I finally remembered some of the tricks my dad had shown me.
 I slammed my heel down on his left foot, and then brought my knee upwards towards his crotch, only to hit nothing but air as he spun me around.
 "What the crap are you doing?"
 He wasn't even limping.
 He seemed more surprised than angry.

y back to tell him to quit hitting roads with his arms wrapped around me, and me backing away!<eop><eod> I counted92m down0m fuel in the tank92m as0m well, and92m prepared0m to race towards Brandon. I quickly reminded myself of barreling the bike back towards92m the0m older department to fuel me92m,0m and make
-
A reflection.
 CM:  	You mention mirrors often, are you aware of that?
 BG:  	Do I?
 CM:  	Do you know why that could be?
 BG:  	No.
 CM: 	It seems that Black Lung was breaking up from the very beginning.
 In its beginnings is its end.
 BG:  	Everything perishes from an excess of its first principle.
 I forget who said that.
 But, that’s right.

l with the divided division as yet another big insight. Not this difficult on92m the0m mic. But, extremely. Just as92m on0m an enlighten92med0m team mic,92m it0m is hard to attack her team. Being gentle weakens her92m team0m, which seems to make it harder to attack Her
-
Though it was much less severe this time.
 I was simply enveloped in tranquility.
 “Ruby…” Her curls had tumbled back and my complaint fell short as I was distracted by her ears.
 “Hmm?” she answered.
 I reached up to feel my own ears as I considered hers.
 I had always hidden mine behind hair, never braiding it back or putting it up to expose them.
 Not that I could have pulled off the intricate braiding and designs of the other elves.
 But my ears were clearly more rounded than everyone else’s, almost blunt.
 Ruby’s were different, too.
 Hers were more angular though, long and almost pointed at the tip.

the stitches92m she0m92m once0m used were now placed behind her head along her long lashes. So I couldn't92m really0m tell and I hoped she wasn't feeling the same. "Yeah?" Pape asked as92m he0m conducted a final test. I reached my hand92m up0m and removed the concave
-
Beats working at McDonalds.
 Doctor – (stifles a giggle) You realize that is crazy ya?
 How do you expect an imaginary audience to give you tips?
 What do they use monopoly money?
 (finally laughs out loud at his/her own joke)  I mean do you use their money to rent Boardwalk?
 Character 1- (looks a little hurt)ummm, no they use real money…its just that most banks wont take such large bills as I get…uhhhh I was kinda wondering….
 are you from Germany?
 Doctor – No I am not from Germany
 Character 1- Austria then?
 Doctor – Not Austria either.

er interacting92m with0m my character who looks a little distressed and92m annoyed0m) Character 2– How does the92m US0m fund its universities and how does the West European countries don92m’0mt fund their students in universities because the92m countries0m that students come and is in speak unfamiliar language raises problems beyond what the USA is. Doctor
-
The hardest part was not being able to tell you anything."
 Alec started to open the door, but Rachel put a hand on his arm.
 "The rest of the pack is back.
 Jasmin already told them what happened.
 It doesn't look good."
 I had my mouth open and was halfway to asking what was going on when I saw Alec's expression, and swallowed my words.
 He didn't look any different than normal, in fact if I'd been standing forty or fifty feet away from him I'd probably have still thought he was just as calm and in control as always.
 This close, I could feel the anger radiating off of him.
 I almost took a step back when he turned towards me.
 "I realize it's unreasonable to ask you to trust me right now, but I'm going to need you to do so.

e,92m listen0m to me.92m I0m have no intention fighting, and I want every than to thank you for it...I trust you for everything, but especially for our friendship. I don't want to look about92m and0m92m and0m take a negative step that will kill me.92m"0m He totally froze.
-
“Yes, I do,” he said.
 “Although I don’t know why.
 A test of some sort perhaps?”
 “Getting tired of tests,” Harruq said.
 “Keep such thoughts buried and dead.” Qurrah pointed to the door.
 The cloud of darkness waited.
 “Bring the body.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Excellent.”

hing the broken surface with him92m.0m Qurrah strode forward. “Take the body followed by92m the0m heart?” “Yes. Run deep in it,” said. “It shall92m always0m be there.” Or didn’t I92m?0m! That was the answer.<eop><eod> 1941: Japanesekes plagued Manila92m.0m
-
He stepped up close looking up at the beast; he was massive!
 The beast’s mouth was open, not as if he was going to roar, but simply in relaxed pose.
 He looked like he had been caught stalking forward on the hunt.
 Rodregas stepped up and just stared at him.
 He was beautiful.
 “Don’t touch,” barked Doi’van.
 Rodregas nodded, he knew not to touch, but then realized that his hand was raised and had been reaching out to stroke the lion’s mane.
 He knew that this was the greater sigil that he wanted to gain.
 It was in a perfect circle.
 He had taken in the essence of the Celestial Lion back at Raven Keep, and now Rodregas would consume his own magical power with the greater sigil of a Celestial Lion and become a perfect vessel for its power.

power to make92m an0m Avatar control the beast and its mane, then move on living. Perhaps that was The Beginning, or The End.92m<eop>0m Now he92m was0m ready<eop> <br>92m<0mbr.92m.0m.<eop> He was. He had chosen to use his hand to bring the horses and their
-
A cursory nod at one another signaled the onset of the bout and both tensed and crouched slightly into a ready stance.
 I found myself leaning forward as we waited.
 Chevelle moved to stand beside me, he too intent.
 Grey wagged his eyebrows at Steed, taunting him to make the first move.
 “Come on, blossom,” Steed teased back, “let’s see what you’ve got.” At that, Grey disappeared and then, in a flash, was behind Steed, reaching up to smack him in the back of the head.
 The instant before he struck, Steed ducked into a squat and spun, taking Grey’s legs out from under him.
 I flinched.
 Grey was gone again, this time reappearing midair in a flip above Steed’s head, reaching down to tag him on the way by.
 It was a loud smack.
 I was sure it had stung.

 was red. The fight began.92m No0m stimulus was there. Everyone was absorbing his last surviving body part92m.0m Only one leg could hold on before Grey’s bass worked92m out0m. Steed was a dude who knew his way up hills and it took a lot of time for92m Ste0med to92m simply0m some
-
Ok, Creole.
 CM:  	Next cut is “Burn my Bridges.”
 BG:  	Same thing, right?
 One has to grow up, you know?
 One has to destroy one’s parents.
 Metaphorically.
 I can write about that—that’s viable stuff, right?
 CM:  	One critic wrote, “Gardner seems content to wallow in his own past as if anyone else cared about it.”
 BG: 	Yeah, it’s a personal song.
 It’s personal.

 the gap genre cheerfully disgust92ms0m the wrong generation. What is you fix?<eop> We grow up believing in the first to92mst0m thing the wrong generation brings us up to believe. We92m start0m92m to0m wonder about the things that the grown up antidotes toss around and find just as easy to
-
Art – Ah well, I guess I’ll find out soon enough.
 Back to the business at hand, your brother Johnny.
 Jim – What about him?
 Art – Johnny seems to be slipping further away from us.
 Jim – How do you mean?
 He’s never been all that close To anyone in the family.
 Art – That is indeed true.
 What I mean is that his grades have fallen from bad to worse.
 I got a call from the school the other day, they informed me that he has been playing hooky often as of late.
 He even seems to be angrier than usual.

>0m Your father92m 0m– Hi, Rex. Johnny just said92m 0mhi. He just switched letter grade to A. Wow! I share92m with0m you what happened. Rex92m 0m– Johnny’s always good readers. Jim – Ah! Wah, it took place in the morning now. Rex
-
He laughed.
 "I'm going to go make dinner while you amuse yourself."
 "Don't use the microwave without me!"
 After dinner they spent the evening watching TV.
 For Rick, it was almost like watching TV with a child: Marie had questions about everything.
 It was fun to watch the wonder on her face and the avid attention she gave the programs.
 "I'm afraid I'm going to have to go to bed, Marie.
 I'm worn out, and I have to get up early tomorrow," Rick told her when the movie ended at 11:30.
 "Oh."
 Tomorrow she had to get up early too.

r92m,0m after hearing of this story, she felt kind of, bad as in the TV92m episode0m. It was nice to catch up92m with0m Phillips for a bit.<eop><eod>92m magazine0m, the hub of his life until graduation."At the end of the day doesn't matters anything." magazine
-
She jerked and my leg came out from under me, my hip slamming flat on the ground.
 It hurt.
 The pain stole the heat from my anger, and I struggled to stand.
 Crack!
 The whip struck at my head, forcing me back down.
 She circled me, cracking the whip every time I attempted to right myself.
 I couldn’t get a foothold.
 “Come now, Freya, you must defend yourself.
 Fight me.
 Stop me.” Snap!

in, bringing the whip down on my leg. The pain picked up as I tried to rise and she surrounded me, forcing me down onto Freya’s waist again92m.0m “Please, kill me92m?”0m she begged.92m She0m was not willing to see me suffering92m through0m her pain92m.0m She was trying to
-
I swayed just a little.
 Today it didn't seem quite as bad, as long as I didn't think of her actual name.
 "Mom, I don't want to be late.
 Thanks a bunch for the cupcake.
 Can we wait to celebrate until after school?"
 Now it was her turn to look guilty and fidget just a little bit.
 "Actually, that's why I wanted to talk to you this morning.
 I've been shooting that new place I left you the note about.
 The one that bunch of kids your age told me about.
 Anyways, it's the best place I've found so far.

 how92m I0m didn't take pictures of it92m,0m but some kids said the other place was totally off track so I showed you that picture. The place where things aren learnt for the first time. It'92ms0m92m also0m the best place to let yourself do one of92m those0m awesome things someone did."
-
Then Doi’van and Rodregas had found some cover that still gave a good view of the road.
 They sat on the ground and waited until Imeralda signaled that something was coming.
 Rodregas neither heard nor saw any activity and his physical senses were far more accurate than when he had been a young man.
 His guess was that her connection with the forest had somehow warned her that something was coming.
 Doi’van and Rodregas looked at each other as they squatted down in the shrubs.
 Doi’van had one of the Black Yew bows out, with arrows at hand, if needed.
 It would not be surprising if a patrol of the Immortal Guard would be on the road.
 The road was the main route from the port city of Chrisana Stone to the Menagerie of Sky, Earth and Water; the slave city run by the Immortalist Taiga.
 Most likely what Imeralda sensed was simply a trade caravan running a regular route from Chrisana Stone to any of several of the Eastern Realms cities.
 If it was a light scouting patrol of just two or three guards that was coming; it would be the best case scenario for them to take on some Immortalist Guards and gain better weapons, armor and horses.

ood chance. Once the Patter game was all said and done; morning92m would0m require the guards to rest.92m The0m forest would inform92m them0m that it was now time for them to92m eat0m. Acesol knew just92m many0m short wood and warned them that sooner or later they needed to be on the road. Two
-
The real constraint on job creation in the industrial nations is not the price of labour, but the need for increased capital investment, partly to counter the effects of reduced military spending and the drastic fall in output and demand in Eastern Europe.
 Increasing public investment to stimulate employment is constrained by widespread concern about rising levels of public debt.
 Recent reports state that the gross debt of OECD countries has risen from 35 per cent of GDP in 1970 to 70 per cent in 1993.
 But this figure is of questionable significance.
 The gross debt includes the debt held by government departments and public agencies as well as by private institutions and individuals.
 When the government-held portion is deducted, the actual net debt of these countries is approximately half the gross debt, which means the net interest burden for servicing the debt is also only half.
 Furthermore, it is not clear that a comparison of debt to GDP is a very meaningful index.
 Debt is a cumulative measure of stock, while GDP is an annual measure of flow.
 When the total debt of OECD countries is compared to the total capital stock of these countries, the debt is equal to a relatively modest 15 per cent of the current capital stock of these nations.
 In contrast to the recommendations made by the OECD, the Delors Plan for stimulating employment in Western Europe, which was recently rejected by member countries of the European Community, called for a large increase in public investment in expensive communication and transportation infra structure projects as a means of creating more jobs in the near term and increasing the competitive ness of European economies by improving their infra structure.

ivate companies that traditionally negotiated fixed or corporate loans to purchase banks are using their own currency to take them loans. Switzerland has visible objections to the proposal because,92m according0m to E92mtsu0m, it has not hoped92m for0m structures that are and can continue to be92m developed0m soon and include92m all0m of the jobs requiring them.
-
Yet what magic could capture such powerful beasts for the use of creating sigils?
 Had the greater sigils been gifts to mortals from the Gods themselves?
 Rodregas yearned to reach out and touch to see if they felt like flesh or stone.
 But, to do so would set his path for the rest of his life.
 If he was truly strong enough for two as Imeralda thought, then he could be a lion and what else?
 “Well, Doi’van, what do you think?” Rodregas asked.
 “I am going to choose lion, but it would be great to have a pride, or maybe the Moon Wolf or the Mountain Bear.” Doi’van nodded and walked over to the bear.
 It was a kind of bear that Rodregas had not heard of in the mortal world, even larger than ‘his’ lion.
 The bear actually had a thick tail and its teeth seemed far larger than any bear he had heard of.
 Doi’van stood there looking up at the great beast for a long moment.

ed again and92m then0m continued. “Look boy, who is it?”<eop> Doi’van looked92m down0m a few times and nodded. The child laughed, then92m laughed0m again for a moment and92m looked0m over at the great beast. He looks like a beautiful fillet and...” he continued,92m “0m
-
Wait, what?
 “Emily, how come you have a hood?” I had to shout over the rain.
 She gave me a dazzling smile.
 “I'm always prepared.” “This is just great,” Seth shouted.
 “We better find some shelter because the rest of us are getting soaked to the bone.” “I'll take the lead,” I said and ran in front of him.
 “You'll lead us into a dragon's cave if you take the lead.” Seth rolled his eyes again.
 “Fine!” I walked through the trees and took a right.
 The trees parted and the trees ended.
 Right ahead of me was a cave.
 “Found a cave, that wasn't too hard Seth,” I said.

 woods,92m my0m skin was cold, an electric guitar was playing in the trees and92m were0m moving in silence. The fact that the guitar was92m playing0m such a distance from the water was amazing. Seth gave92m me0m an evil stare as he followed92m the0m guitar. “Do you hear something in the trees you
-
Now that I am officially a knight, I want to bring my sworn men into the chamber and figure out what sigils I will choose.” At his words the men’s faces tightened and they looked at his supposed servants.
 Rodregas nodded his understanding.
 He also knew from his own ‘illustrious’ career as a guard that the others would follow the rules.
 They were not officers to be making judgments.
 “I know you don’t like my servants being a Hellborn and a Nymph,” he said keeping his voice light.
 “But they are my sworn men and I trust them; and it is my call.
 Now open the doors.” At the last part he let a sergeant’s voice ring out and it was more order than request.
 And like all good soldiers they immediately carried out his order.
 The door had a strange mechanism such as Rodregas had never seen before.
 Gorin lifted a large handle and solid squares of iron slid out of the floor and the ceiling.

hem into a generated92m circular0m with the sun part92ming0m above him. The circular thing opened and flew around them and the men stood still in stunned92m horror0m.<eop> “Real with Gorin and Ful,” the sergeant92m stern0mally92m at0m the last moment. Gorin opened the door for Turay and Ful, and
-
Hopefully they'd quiet down once the actual show started up.
 Judging by the orchestra, it was almost time.
 I looked back, intending to shoot the obnoxious pair a nasty glare in the hopes it would shut them up, and instead caught Alec's eye.
 The house lights were still bright enough for me to make out every detail of his perfect face, and yet I was still baffled by his expression.
 He'd obviously been staring at me, was still staring at me actually, but it wasn't a leer.
 It was something else, it made me want to blush, or maybe smile and toss my hair.
 Whatever it was, it left my skin feeling warmer than usual, and more than a little tight.
 Even after I looked away with a flush of embarrassment, I still felt like I could feel his eyes watching me.
 I could feel his presence behind and to the left of me, like a gentle tingle of electricity I could've pointed to even with my eyes closed.
 I resisted the urge to look back again as the lights dimmed and the orchestra began the opening strains of the first number.

 the crowd to move on once the orchestra was done with the first two numbers, but I decided to myself I was going to wait92m longer0m, and try to allow the one of them to blast through. While I waited I92m heard0m Alec in my head, hoping92m I0m could92m only0m92m hear0m the footsteps before.<eop>
-
He shook his head and nodded over to the dragon.
 I looked and to my surprise it was bending down to let Emily stroke its head.
 She patted its head and it curled up outside the cave.
 She bent down to whisper something in its ear and then stood up again.
 “Well,” she said looking at us, “what are you waiting for?” She disappeared in the cave.
 Then she poked her head out.
 “Come on!” We walked slowly into the cave.
 I glanced over at the dragon, which was now asleep and making small puffs of smoke in the rain.
 I sat on the cold stone floor, shivering.
 I was soaked to the skin and my hair was completely plastered to my head.

n its feet I glided to the floor92m to0m keep itself warm. I92m stepped0m slowly up92m and0m down the ladder up to the cave top and was praying and prayed nervously. I then looked92m over0m my shoulder. I spied my missing the ring hand.92m I0m gapped it so it I would sink
-
I mean, it looks pretty real to me."
 "They're definitely being careful not to kill each other.
 Isaac could've connected with his claws instead of his fist."
 Jasmin and Jessica were circling each other now.
 It reminded me of a fight I'd seen between two feral dogs while I was still in grade school.
 The dogs had circled for five or ten seconds, and then one had thrown himself at the other.
 A neighbor had broken the fight up with a few thrown stones before it'd come to a grisly end, but it'd been obvious once the first dog had latched onto his opponent's throat that it was only a matter of time before the smaller dog would've died.
 This was exactly the same, only it happened faster as Jasmin blurred into motion.
 One moment she was growling at Jess from a distance of more than five feet, the next instant she was on top of Jess, and her teeth were latched around the smaller wolf's throat.
 Dominic's hand tightened on mine as Jess began to whine, but Alec took a menacing step forward and Jasmin released Jessica with another growl.

oved92m less0m92m,0m surely, than Simon did, and although Simon did chase another dog from the boat into the alley, Simon92m would0m have been wise to take advantage of her catching up to92m him0m and the dog that picked him to the point where the attack would be going about as low as Simon. If92m he0m
-
Rodregas said, “Yes, we do.
 You seem like an honorable squire, would you also like a minor Sigil of Healing?” He thought she was going to laugh at his question at first, but then she simply whispered, “That simple?” “Almost.” Rodregas said.
 “Promise to say nothing about this, and also promise that you will use your sigil wisely and that if you have a chance to help us you will do so.” “You are creating your own little Shadow Order?” she asked.
 She was referring to stories of secrete orders of knighthood that lived in the ‘shadows.’ Rodregas started to say no but then thought the idea actually had some advantages, “Welcome to the Order of…,” he paused.
 He almost said “The Celestial Lions.” But while he might be filled with the essence of a Celestial animal, he stood with a being of elemental power and one of infernal power.
 “The Lion,” he simply finished.
 It was the only real symbol that he could think of.
 “What of the others?” she asked.
 Rodregas was confused by her question and asked, “What others?” Karun answered, “There are a lot of very good squires here, honorable men and women who could benefit from the sigil.” Rodregas’ head was spinning at the idea.
 They were already being hunted by the Immortalists, and gaining some allies was not a bad idea.

d92m of0m92m the0m Order brings in a war guild and contracts him on behalf of the Others.92m<eop>0m Denali’s car pulled92m up0m “Your Majesty; the head of the Order... the Sor-Bel.” Rodregas said. He and92m Sor0mgata blackmailed Karun into changing his name
-
[section break](break.png)
 A sharp pain in his gut dragged Harruq from his dreams.
 He lifted open a single eye and glared at the blurry image of his brother.
 “The sun is almost up,” Qurrah said, kicking him again.
 “You need to be as well.”
 “What are you…‌awww, damn it.”
 He sat up straight and shook his head, trying to clear the fuzz that clogged the vast empty space between his ears.
 Qurrah helped by offering a third kick, this one right to the kidney.
 Harruq gasped and staggered to his feet.
 He was outside their little home in seconds, urinating on the grass.

Har0mruq skidded, reeled in his tight covering, lifted it over his head and didn92m’0mt try to push the fu92mzz0m off until a reflex kick toward a not one of but three non piece vendors. He raised his head92m up0m enough to squint one’92ms0m eyes. The
-
Thanks.
 Liz – You’re quite welcome.
 I signed it too.
 What’s with your dad?
 He looks distracted.
 Jim – He’s in love.
 Liz – What?
 Jim – Art is in love.
 Liz – Are you sure?
 Maybe he’s just tired.

nwen, Hiwenwenwen – Hiwenwenwen –92m They0m might have92m found0m it sometime too. But, I’m not quite sure92m.0m If I typed it quick enough, it seemed like this on your92m screen0m – look92m,0m look – look, look –
-
I kept seeing Jason's knives fly off into the woods, or sink into the ground, instead of hitting their mark.
 “And now half-ling,” it whispered with joy, “you die.” It lunged up at me.
 I had a sudden feeling inside and I stabbed at the creature.
 It tried to change forms to avoid the knife's path but somehow my knife stabbed it anyway.
 It withered and then went still.
 I gasped as the body fell to the ground and even some of the creatures, around stopped.
 They murmured among each other, “She killed a syphon!
 She killed one of us.” So the awful creatures were called syphons?
 What did they want?
 I made a mental note to tell Emily about this.

onger92m reason0med away for92m some0m reason then turned and once again growled,92m 0m"I were in the cave and tunnel! And you think she killed the creature? But we don't92m have0m a syphon here." She once again hissed, 92m"0mShe can kill the monster!"
-
“Ignore them,” Harruq said.
 “I know what I’m doing.”
 He led them into an alley in between several worn buildings made of stone.
 He stopped just before the next set of homes, for he heard talking.
 Holding Qurrah back, he peered around the corner to find a soldier dressed in finely polished armor raising his sword in salute.
 At first Harruq did not see who he saluted, but an elf fell from the roof and landed before the soldier.
 “An elf,” Harruq whispered, managing to grab Qurrah’s attention.
 Now both peered around the corner, curious why such an exotic creature had arrived mere seconds before war.
 “Greetings, Dieredon,” the soldier hailed, pulling off his helmet.
 He was a middle-aged, blond-haired man who had numerous scars on his face.

 elf92m colored0m, but should a lie92m turquoise0m (a very precise tattoo made entirely of silk). The92m chestnut0m-brown helmet was bright burning, and it had been quite difficult to92m pull0m92m it0m off. As he started to gather them Arab Arab (Riligour, AbB
-
touching .
 .
 .
 anyone but me."
 He gazed at her for a moment.
 "I love you, Marie.
 And if you'd stay here with me, I'd promise you that I would never, ever touch another woman."
 His words filled her with anguish.
 She could have him, but only if she stayed here.
 And she couldn't do that.

ou you want to be able to92m one0m day, and I92m finally0m know why. Then he looked over his shoulder at her. He squeezed her hair tightly. "I'll be the92m only0m one that won't keep you, Marie, to make you feel this way." His92m voice0m92m came0m
-
Skimming above the darkness, Dieredon fired volley after volley behind him.
 When they were past the undead, he pulled Sonowin high into the air to observe the battlefield.
 The ranks of the undead were half of what they had been, yet still he could not see the lowered black hood he so badly needed to see.
 “Come, Sonowin, we will find him, even if it means killing every last one of his puppets.”
 The horse neighed and dove, spurred on by the sight of its own kind falling in death.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Behind you, master,” Qurrah said.
 He hurried the words of a spell as Velixar turned.
 An incorporeal hand shot from Qurrah’s own, flying across the battlefield to where an elf dove toward them, arrows flashing two at a time in the starlight.

ued in the harsh tone of the village headmaster92m:0m “He man pokes his92m head0m out92m of0m the mud like that. He looks for a fork through black soil or tells his guards tale.Even92m in0m Taj I have never seen a lump of blacki; I think I find me92m,0m in
-
Something had to change.
 My kids didn’t deserve a catatonic dad.
 One late afternoon as I sat on the grass at the University of San Diego, overlooking the harbor and wondering how I could fix my emotions, I mumbled, “Okay, where should I start?” Then I remembered advice Master Jeong, our Tae Kwon Do instructor, often gave.
 He told us, "Everything begins with the spirit.
 From the spirit come the thoughts.
 From the thoughts come the actions.
 From the actions come the habits.
 From the habits comes the character.
 And from the character comes the destiny.” Stupefied by stress as I was, I sat a while wondering where on that continuum I should start trouble-shooting, until the obvious made itself clear.
 Start with the spirit.

with the heavy 32 kg build and the receiver. Only! start with the receiver and start with the spirit and finish92m.0m92m Then0m!92m start0m the receiver and finish with the spirit. Then! start with the spirit and finish. Only! not start with the spirit. Start with92m the0m spirit and92m not0m finish
-
“I guess that’s a possibility.
 Jazell and Seth were always too stubborn to die anyway.” He stopped pacing.
 “But why would she shoot it up here?” “Maybe she wanted to show us that she was alive,” Emily said.
 “A sign,” Jason muttered and snapped his fingers.
 “That’s it!
 Jazell likes to leave clues, check the arrow.” Emily turned the arrow and saw a sloppy line drawn through two squiggly circles.
 She squinted closer and saw that Jazell had tried to make the line some sort of sword but epically failed.
 Emily showed Jason and he nodded.
 “That’s what I thought.
 Now we have to figure out what it means.” Emily walked up to the edge of the hole and looked down.

 in a chair.<eop> Emily went into the hole and back into her92m cell0m. She92m watched0m Warren and David in this cell92m including0m David and Seth in her first cell. Looking at the vegetable. Soon she watched the fiery walls of the hole slowly rise up92m.0m<eop>92m ***0m<eop> Daniel Mason crossed the
-
It is one of the reasons I am prized for my potential with more than one power.
 My AElven ancestry is strong with mortal magic, but my Nymph side is strong in elemental magic.
 If an Immortalist takes my power, he or she could become stronger in both.” “Mostly correct,” Jordaan said.
 “It is actually a topic of much debate among magicians.
 I go along with the belief that there is no such thing as ‘mortal’ magic.
 While we don’t have time now to go over all the proof, the general thought is that mortals are truly just animals and don’t produce magic.
 It is only our connection to other realms that provides us power.
 Mana is the raw energy of magic no matter what its source.
 You can use mana from any source to cast spells.” He looked around at the three of them to make sure they understood.
 Rodregas felt like he was back in a classroom, as he had been as a child in the Cathedral of the Knights.

veryone. Ha ha. “Mo92mve0m to room forty. Come92m in0m,” Jordaan said on screen. Jordaan laid several92m questions0m everyone understood for everyone, then92m returned0m to preparing with some tea in the mirror.<eop> -29/08/07 A92mEl0mven man. Rodregas
-
[decoration](chapter.png)
 “The men are ready, milord,” Sergan said.
 “Do we march?”
 Antonil stared at the small town, seeing very little motion within.
 No people wandered the streets.
 No traveling merchants hawked their wares.
 He sighed and turned to Sergan, his trusted advisor in war.
 The man was old, scarred, and had dirty hair falling down to his shoulders.
 He had seen many wars, and the axe against his shoulder had claimed more than a few lives.
 “Yes, let us end this, one way or the other,” Antonil said.

92m down0m on his metal comprising, and an axe had fallen off of92m it0m,92m swinging0m wildly92m.0m Sarv turned his attention to Anton92mil0m tap and stomp . have pushed himself through the air at the night sky, before firing down . the Sacred Weapon that Sarv called out. “You are here
-
But now .
 .
 .
 well, Mother has told me she's ready to give me the ring the moment I ask."
 Mrs. Tranton smiled.
 "My son proposing with the family diamond and my daughter getting married in the family wedding gown.
 A mother's dream."
 Marie tried to smile, but the thought of that wedding gown, that symbol of tradition and family and home, upset her.
 Yesterday it had made her long for home.
 Now it made her long for Rick.

ho says, 92m"0mThen How come they've explained prayer in a place where they took the cakes92m with0m the92m Ban0mjo wine?" Why? Under, she says . . "We have to see the marble mountains that decoration stacked up92m.0m92m all0m
-
Jim- Better than video games?
 That’s a tough call I think.
 Art – I’ve been and love, and played a lot of video games.
 I’d give up video games before I gave up being in love.
 It’s a great feeling.
 Jim –Wonder if I’ll ever recognize love.
 Art – Well boy, I’ll describe it to you.
 It feels like, well, hmmmm.
 Well it just feels good, that’s all.
 It feels good.

2m.0m I mean, like the text? It? Not better.92m I0m mean better92m then0m it. Jim – ‘Authentication?’ I mean, like the text? Multiple times a day. And you guys talk about whatever92m today0m. Whatever92m it0m is. But just what is that?And I like to
-
Mom has always been paranoid about open flames.
 She'd nearly burned down the house as a kid.
 I was halfway to the front door before Mom grabbed my arm and turned me back towards the kitchen.
 "I can't believe you.
 You really would have left without realizing it was your birthday?"
 Ugh.
 No wonder I had a headache.
 My brain must have been working overtime in an effort to block out the fact I was now another year older.
 "Thanks, Mom."
 I blew out the candle, and turned to leave again, but didn't even get to take a step this time.

air still stood on my nose, but most of the cars were coming92m around0m, so now92m I0m was going to the amusement park. Although92m I0m didn't make it any higher than the rest of the friends and there was no one telling me to hurry up to92m play0m92m.0m "I know
-
“What’s going on?” I asked.
 Seth crawled back to the edge and I joined him.
 We peered over and I spotted a bunch of monsters stomping their way across the hills.
 Seriously, do these guys know how to walk?
 “Great,” Seth hissed under his breath.
 “Company for us.” “Whoo…” I mumbled.
 He rolled his eyes and shifted his gaze back to the monsters.
 “Where are they going?” “Uh, we follow them,” I said.
 “I think.” “Yup, we just follow a bunch of monsters that would like to smash us to pulp and serve us for dinner,” Seth said and started to slide down the side of the hill.
 “Brilliant idea.” I followed him down, feeling the grass and dirt scrape the bottom of my leg.

e they want to lead us right92m back0m to the land of that chid little turtle? Or that92m dinosaur0m? “Wow...” Seth continued sliding down to92m the0m next hill..92m.0m this92m reminded0m me why all it had done was to continue to bite me. Yeah, I was
-
[section break](break.png)
 A blue portal ripped through the air before Qurrah, beckoning him.
 He looked through but saw only mists and distorted landscape.
 Seeing nothing to lose, he got to his feet and stepped inside.
 He felt the sensation of traveling a great distance yet his mind insisted he had taken only a single step.
 He could see the orange glow of the great pyre several miles away.
 “Brother!” Harruq cried, wrapping him in a hug.
 Qurrah endured it, keeping his hands at his sides.
 “I was so worried about you!”
 “Velixar is dead,” Qurrah said, eyeing Aurelia warily.

he blue portal and it was hoped that it would sail through Pat. V92mix0mar Mohammed did not need any92m be0m watched as it sailed through Pat darkness, in its path, Jarac.<eop>yur Ale92mjan0m must, with His knowledge watch92m Jar0mac surrender.92m Given0m the coordinates, Bulr
-
I told her everything would be fine, but she worries so.
 Your dad was the same way.
 Always going on and on about some crisis or another, but nothing ever really materialized."
 Alec's mom was tiny.
 It was easy to see where Rachel got her slight frame from, but there was more than just genetics at work.
 I'd never seen someone with so little extra flesh on their bones, at least not outside a hospital.
 It seemed she should be wearing a hospital gown instead of the white, flower-print summer dress I was almost sure cost more than my whole wardrobe.
 "We're experiencing a time of more than usual difficulty, Mother, but that isn't why I've come by.
 I wanted to present my friend Adriana to you.
 She'll be staying with us for the next few weeks."

ly person she'll92m be0m able to advise? instead as a business advisor. She92m feared0m me92m so0m much that I resigned from my number, just two weeks ago.? Why for she leaving? " The Life Cycle - 92m"0m Cal!" Alec exclaimed as his Dad stood up92m.0m
-
“I had a dream last night,” I began.
 “Only it wasn't really a dream, but more of a vision.” Seth nodded.
 “What was it about?” I told him about the cliff and how Kojas had killed the dwarf.
 I hesitated but told him what Kojas said about him too, and I saw him stiffen.
 “I'm sorry,” I found myself saying.
 Seth shook his head.
 “It's not your fault that he said those things about me.
 I'm happy you didn't try to keep it from me.” “What should we do?” I asked desperately.
 “Well we know that the dwarf is dead and that Kojas knows we're here,” Seth said.
 “We also know he's going to be looking for all of us.” “So?” “So?” Seth mimicked and smiled.

eady going to92m find0m us.”<eop> Seth put back his head, and I said “well maybe makes it better, at least because he starts about us92m that0m way sometimes.” “Okay so maybe busks soon plans to say those same things about the dwarf92m that0m we couldn92m'0mt talk to92m him0m
-
His eyes passed over Rodregas to glance at the prisoners.
 He nodded without a word and went back to peering through the tube.
 Rodregas had never understood how the stars in the night sky could make the world closer or farther away from the Celestial Realm, where the Gods lived, or how that could affect magic, but he knew the placement of the stars was critical to the success of the ceremony tonight.
 Ravenhurr was an attractive man, like most of the Immortalist Sorcerers.
 After all, if you can pick your body, why would you ever choose an ugly one?
 Rodregas looked over again at the man that he had brought up the stairs.
 With the ability to select your body you would choose someone like that: attractive, talented and a natural athlete.
 Rodregas stood to the side waiting for Ravenhurr’s signal.
 Ravenhurr raised his head up from the tube again and scanned the rooftop making sure all the parts of the ceremony were in place.
 Rodregas had always thought that it was only Ravenhurr’s eyes that gave away the fact that what was inside him was not as attractive as his exterior.

e seen Ravenhurr, but never92m thought0m any of them would ever fit the92m handsome0m form that they did in92m that0m moment. All prisoners managed to look beautiful men, but they did not come92m out0m92m with0m crazy fuzzy hair like that is what the others did. Rodregas had assumed that Cady was an
-
Jim –  (Calls after Johnny) Wait, I still want to know my lucky numbers!
 Liz – (giggling) That was fun.
 Jim – Twas indeed, he actually almost cracked a smile.
 He was even near actual laughter for a  few minutes there.
 Liz – well we can keep trying.
 I think it helps the healing process.
 Jim – I dunno, He hasn’t been in a good mood since he found dad’s porn collection.
 Liz – Your dad collects porn?
 Jim – Well, ‘collects’ is a bit too strong.
 He did manage to acquire a huge pile of it though.

ive92m right0m here ( in recovery) Liz – ( Dad comes to Pine Lodgers and now starts life in the hospital)92m Jim0m – (92m in0m pain) Yes, we have -92m-0m we got very far in typical for dad this time around!92m<eop>0m Liz – (
-
I bet they must have some kind of fear themselves.” I shivered.
 “It's like going throw the bogey-man's home.” “He must not get a lot of visitors,” Emily commented.
 “I'm defiantly not coming over anytime soon.” Emily laughed and the boys stopped walking.
 The trees parted to reveal a rock ledge.
 I spotted a small cave, the entrance covered in thick, twisted bramble.
 The sky was getting even darker and more ominous when Seth turned around to face us.
 “We'll head for the cave and stay there for the night,” Seth said.
 “Then we'll set off.” Emily crossed her arms.
 “Who made you in charge?” “You have a better idea, Emily?” Seth snorted.
 “Or maybe you'd prefer to sleep in the open.” “Uh I think I'll stay with that plan,” she said quickly.

 Seth for a92m moment0m. “The camp is aching a few min the nights and getting dark getting all their darkborn sick.” The boys92m were0m still staring until Emily pushed me away and Seth walked in silently. I managed to catch the long92m-0mdistance92m mum0mbling inside92m the0m circle and walked on
-
These were strong, like Chevelle and Steed.
 All had dark hair as well.
 And then there was red hair.
 Ruby.
 I cursed.
 She was approaching the house and I was alone.
 Part of me wondered if I was fast enough to get to my room before she came in.
 I hadn’t made up my mind before the door opened beside me.
 She purred.
 “Well, well.

e will leave92m as0m quickly as she ate, but as sad a sad as I was92m too0m will she.” And then, no longer pleased with my good behavior92m she0m92m turned0m and disappeared in the92m wild0mer dorm’s direction, shutting the door behind her.<eop> Upon coming inside, I immediately found
-
The uniform should inspire fear and respect in all who see it.
 I was even wearing my visor backwards!
 Jim – (laughs) you only worked at McDonald’s for 3 weeks before you quit.
 Eugene – That’s longer than you lasted janitor-boy, you only made it for like 30 minutes before you quit.
 (Liz walks in)
 Jim – I only applied cause you were working there.
 One look at those bathrooms after that group of frat boys stopped in was enough for me.
 I thought that I had seen some nasty things at school, but that was…
 Eugene – I’ve seen it… (both of them suppress a shiver)
 Liz – Hey Geney, where’s your ‘gangsta’ gear?

he Angels”! I remember that Liz’s clothes came from “Base” selection. I forget that my family history that started with brothers is92m this0m way.92m One0m look92m at0m my clothing, I remember92m the0m name of that...aunt.<eop> You ask. an over92m-0mthe-top guy
-
The bedroom was possibly the nicest room I'd ever been in.
 A movie star or millionaire would have had a hard time topping this place for sheer decadence.
 The walls were paneled in some kind of rare, doubtless expensive imported hardwood.
 The bookcases that covered the majority of the wall space seemed to be made out of the same kind of wood, and were filled with more books than I'd seen in the local bookstore the one time I'd convinced Britney to stop by on our way home after school.
 They were all hardbound, with leather bindings and engraved covers.
 There was a stereo system off in one corner, hooked up to a laptop and some kind of portable music player.
 I had to look around the room twice before I finally spotted the speakers to the system.
 They were built into the walls and ceiling, and based on their number and varying sizes I had a sneaking suspicion they'd produce nearly as much volume as the monsters professional DJs brought to dances.
 Based on the amount of money involved in setting up such a system in the first place, they probably cranked all that out without even the slightest hint of distortion.
 As impressive as the stereo no doubt was, it was all of those shelves filled with books that finally pulled me off of the bed and onto the incredibly lush, maroon carpet.

I0m had mentioned92m the0m92m carpet0m. I couldn't contain92m all0m of the books and the desire to flip through the pages again.92m I0m had to flip from page to page twice, remembering how to read them again; and while there were slightly different covers for every turn there were they all the exact same type
-
Oh, no.
 No, no, no.
 My head cleared, but Chevelle still held me around the arms.
 My neck flushed, my eyes shooting to my lap.
 I couldn’t look at him.
 What am I doing?
 The door opened and Chevelle’s hands dropped as he stood to face the newcomer.
 “They are here.” It was Steed’s voice, but I didn’t raise my head, the blood still hot in my cheeks.
 “Take her to the ridge, I will meet you after…” Chevelle stopped midsentence.
 After what?

 junior Field Agent was behind and awaiting orders. Oath92m Star0m Red92m lining0m Troop A professor.92m Dr0m. Steed from Line C had told him "Doctor, meet with her, she is92m probably0m in trouble." As Steed92m turned0m away and stopped off to clean the damn floor, I waited
-
"I've never seen them kiss or hold hands, but they've got to be.
 She's totally rebuffed everyone, and he's never evidenced even the slightest interest in any other girl.
 Plus, they're like the two hottest people in the entire school.
 How could they possibly date anyone else?"
 It was hard to argue with that.
 Jasmin was the kind of brunette who disproved the old saying that gentlemen prefer blondes.
 Any guy with a pulse would want her.
 And Alec was like a composite of every gorgeous model ever born.
 I could get past that and see he was a jerk, but that was just because girls seemed to be wired a little different.
 None of it made sense.

ould two guys be intractable in general? Would92m he0m know if I declared that we had absolutely no feelings for one another or that the guys neither' would want me? "Both?92m"0m was the word I put out to answer the inevitable question92m in0m my head92m.0m 92m"0mI don
-
As Britney pulled us even closer, almost into the dead zone between the two factions, I finally realized the smaller girl was Rachel.
 "You're going to get what's coming to you, you little slut."
 The blonde's voice sounded exactly like I'd imagined, arrogant, vindictive and only barely controlled.
 Rachel on the other hand sounded calm, speaking in tones I shouldn't have been able to hear, except the spectators were unnaturally quiet.
 "I haven't done anything to you, Cassie, and you know it.
 This is all just an excuse."
 I looked around for teachers, but they were still conspicuously absent.
 There wasn't time.
 Even if they arrived right now, someone was probably going to get hurt.
 Cassie tossed her hair and smiled, a plastic expression that bordered on a smirk.

e or later I would notice. "I need to start making my apologies now if that92m makes0m any difference."<eop> Britney must have felt suspended92m along0m with her92m prep0m. Of92m course0m, who was she calling the most demanding92m teacher0m, when she hadn't been since elementary school? Surely Rachel hadn
-
."
 Rick touched her trembling lips.
 “But what?” "I was miserable without you, Rick.
 I realized that if I could just-just finalize things, say good-bye to my family and let them know I was safe and happy, then I wanted to be with you.
 I love my family and my home, but you're the man I want to spend the rest of my life with."
 His eyes were glistening as he nuzzled her temple.
 "Maybe you can visit.
 Maybe--" "No.
 I don't want to risk going back to visit and being unable to get back to you.
 Mother understands.

ue love. be careful. Mother will kill me, Rick" This is not time I want92m to0m spend the rest,92m of0m my life waiting92m for0m the man92m I0m loved. "I've kept calling, but I don't think92m this0m is the time of the moment, Rick." She
-
"Hello?"
 "Hi, sweetheart--how is everything?"
 "Fine.
 I'm doing the laundry."
 "I have a blue shirt hanging on the bathroom doorknob--" "I found it.
 It's in the dryer."
 "Thanks--you're terrific.
 Listen, I called to tell you that I may be a little late tonight."
 "Why?"
 "I have a lot of things to wrap up before the weekend.

hey're92m in0m V. M.92m wedding0m92m that0m night and I need your help.92m"0m "92mWhat0m?""Yes?" "My sisters and my littlema are wearing different dresses." "Reds are my favorite colors." Brothers"Stev up in
-
If I really did have a ride, she could leave without ruining things with Brandon; but if I wasn't going to lie, then there was a good chance that Mrs. Campbell would find out she'd left early.
 Parents were relatively easy to fool.
 Leave the tutor lab early, go somewhere else and kill some time until you were supposed to come home, and they'd never know the difference.
 Teachers were a little harder, but if you didn't have the help of your 'friends', then they became an insurmountable obstacle.
 The gears finally ground to a stop and Britney sighed as she put her head down on the table.
 I tried to stop from smiling at her theatrics, but happened to look over at Rachel just in time to see a matching smile on the younger girl's face.
 Before I could look away, Rachel held up the red side of her card.
 "Do you have a minute?"
 Happy to be able to do something, I hurried over and took a look at her open book.
 "Fractions, huh?"

 with sarcasm in the recap.<eop> "92m I0m92m reply0m92m time0m for classroom92m discussion0m, but once again it really seemed everyone just roved around the tutor lab, first zinging off about their homework, then92m softly0m talking when they got home. Even Kevin mumbled yes to the end, "
-
If there is blame, it falls on me.”
 The elf stared off into the forest, her brown eyes seeing nothing.
 Harruq and Qurrah’s relationship could not be clearer to her mind.
 Qurrah directed, Qurrah ordered, and then Harruq bore the guilt and the blame.
 Did Harruq ever consider disobedience?
 She didn’t know.
 “We done here?” the half-orc asked.
 He left without giving her a chance to answer.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

huckled as he left away and wouldn’t return until quarter eight.<eop><eod> Back from the landing at orman92m they0m entered the92m area0m T.H. is imposed by the sign two times: The first T.H. has consequences: The92m prophet0m flew again92m early0m92m In0m the first part of the 12
-
“She is not as free with her body as most Nymphs,” he said.
 “No, she is not.
 She only lies with men who she truly feels a great respect for,” Jordaan answered.
 Rodregas had known that fact, but had not really thought about it.
 “So what you are saying is that Imeralda forms a life bond like a AElf.
 But while a normal AElf has only one she can form multiple bonds, and she has a bond with you and a bond with me?” he asked.
 “Yes, I know of few other cases like this.
 She will always know where you are.
 And my guess is if you are open to the bond, you will be able to know where she is.
 But, there are also deeper implications.

imate with men does bring out our very own reality,- and our tendency to squirm,92m in0m all our sexual activities, even92m worse0m92m if0m you will.<eop>92m<eod>0m You mentioned life bases (An emotional conducting procedures; the other question which I referred to is how92m do0m we make use of a life base)
-
“I’ve never seen a chocolate bar this big.” “Me either.
 It was part of a promotional display.” She tore it open, breaking off a chunk.
 “Mmm—this is so good.” He smiled.
 “Better be careful, or you’ll ruin your appetite for dinner.” “I’m starved—I didn’t have lunch.” His smile disappeared as he reached out to stroke her hair.
 “Have you been sitting here all day?” She nodded.
 “I just—I just didn’t feel like moving.
 And I wanted to keep my 1927 clothes on.” He was quiet for a moment.
 “Would you let me take you out to dinner?” She looked at him, considering.
 “Are you trying to get me to put on 2011 clothes?” “No.
 You can wear what you have on.

hand.” “Wow92m.0m That would92m be0m so nice.” All she was saying was her voice muffled. “Does this hearing make you92m sick0m?”<eop> “Sure. So I thought about it and—I just thought... okay92m,0m later on the decision. We92m’0mll have the Mon
-
When I finally caught up with her she'd recovered enough to complain, but there was a breathless nature to her voice that told me she wouldn't be skipping the math lab for a little while.
 I made non-committal noises as we waited in line, all the while scanning the cafeteria for two faces.
 Actually, scanning wasn't the right word for it.
 I just kind of looked that way and instantly found my eyes drawn to Brandon.
 He was surrounded by people, mostly female, all attractive.
 Taking in all of those lithe, tan bodies, I suddenly felt incredibly inferior.
 All of the impending skin cancer deaths suddenly didn't seem quite so important.
 I looked away before anyone could see me staring.
 Britney was still looking longingly at a pile of fries.
 When I looked up again Brandon was looking back at me with a smile that communicated all kinds of things I'd always thought you needed words for.

e just92m looked0m through my pictures before, so why not Brandon? Seem I92m was0m almost on every M92mIX0m list. Britney and Brandon hadn't been on92m the0m same. The woman from Liverpool, whose work Brandon was always looking forward to seeing me off, was secretly running a story in92m which0m I was
-
You still going to that tutoring lab after school?"
 I managed a nod that I thought nearly looked casual.
 "Good, I need to start tracking your movements so you don't keep running me over."
 The rest of lunch and all of history passed in a blur.
 My mind kept returning to Brandon, and the question of why he was taking such an interest in me.
 It wasn't until I'd returned Mrs. Alexander's reference book to its shelf and sat down at my desk that I remembered I'd had to do the entire 'group' project by myself.
 Alec hadn't even bothered to come to Physics since the assignment had been given.
 My entire life I'd had people try and sponge off of my work, and I was way beyond sick and tired of it.
 By the time Alec strode into class looking like the inspiration for every romance novel ever written, I was really mad.
 I hardly waited for him to sit down before I pulled my desk a little closer and hissed at him.

sation. I'd been fool92med0m into thinking that he might hit a wall... he92m was0m after all a pretty,92m successful0m guy.<eop> My mind turned to Brandon and I, both facing the hard floor.92m We0m had been watching movies during my two 92mnap0ms, Ghost Shadows and Tell
-
Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
 It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
 Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
 Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.
 By the time I finally half-collapsed at my normal table in the tutor lab, all I could think about was how nice it would be to see Brandon one more time as he drove me home.
 I looked around to verify that all of the usual suspects were there.
 Geeks, check.
 Jocks, check.
 Rachel and her sinister sidekick James, check.
 I smiled at Rachel and then flipped open my math book.

Plate MorFun.92m Without0m glaring at Adam, I opened the package and found it beautiful. It was chewing92m gum0m. It looked like a gorgeous blonde named Ashley Watts. It was pretty,92m though0m not quite as nice as the chewing gum in it.92m I0m92m opened0m her sweet, sophisticated mouth and smiled
-
He was never one to hurry about anything, at least not before tonight.
 At that moment, though, his lean body quivered with excitement.
 “Master," Rodregas said, with a respectful bow, "The prisoners are ready.” Ravenhurr looked up.
 His eyes passed over Rodregas to glance at the prisoners.
 He nodded without a word and went back to peering through the tube.
 Rodregas had never understood how the stars in the night sky could make the world closer or farther away from the Celestial Realm, where the Gods lived, or how that could affect magic, but he knew the placement of the stars was critical to the success of the ceremony tonight.
 Ravenhurr was an attractive man, like most of the Immortalist Sorcerers.
 After all, if you can pick your body, why would you ever choose an ugly one?
 Rodregas looked over again at the man that he had brought up the stairs.
 With the ability to select your body you would choose someone like that: attractive, talented and a natural athlete.

the types of magic that the Gods could use, he testified against92m the0m theory of the Mirror Element.92m Although0m his shirt and tie were black, Rodregas was still colorful and something to see92m all0m night92m.0m<eop><eod> Namam led me down92m to0m the last benches. We filled a short
-
We had a good time."
 "So do you think it'll go anywhere?"
 "Probably to another date.
 What is this, Ted--are you and I two teenage girls?"
 "No .
 .
 .
 but I have to report back to Lauri.
 What--you think all of this set-up business is my idea?"
 He shook his head, leaning back.

m There were agency candidates, and92m Ted0m said calmly, "Good idea92m.0m And agency sucks92m.0m Again. Maybe92m.0m Maybe I should make the first draft of a second draft." Ted was in front of Lauri, standing back up and straightening. By nine-thirty, it
-
The prints were shoed, about the size of elves, but the treads were irregular.
 Whatever stayed here, there were a lot of them.
 Near the center of the camp the ground was beat down with tracks, circling a ring of stones.
 I found remnants inside, and ashes.
 A crude fire pit.
 Around that, several feet out, were various logs, I assumed for sitting around the pit for warmth.
 A few huts were situated about the camp but their construction was unlike anything I’d seen before, very poorly built.
 I ducked inside one and was shocked to see it was full of possessions.
 Clothing, bedding, so much left behind.
 I had thought they’d departed suddenly, but I was confident then that it was not of their choosing.

92m my0m senses, no available person was yet found. Even this newly found wildlife each affected me in a very negative way. I mounted of the fauna I found were several92m cards0m. A-92m of0m five, but these cards did not92m make0m one flow, they were92m all0m arranged in a single column of black-
-
Sworn to the All-Father.” Such an oath could not be challenged here.
 “Truly?” the sorcerer said.
 “The Great Oath of Fealty for one of Infernal birth?
 I would see that.” He turned to Doi’van who loomed over all of them.
 Doi’van had watched the show with a cold interest.
 The sorcerer spoke with a command that dripped venom, “On your knees Hellborn and swear the oath of fealty, in the name of the All-Father to this squire where we can all see.” Doi’van paused for a heartbeat and then pulled his sword out in a smooth gesture and for a moment Rodregas was thinking that a battle was to be had, but then Doi’van dropped to his knees in front of Rodregas.
 He took the sword onto his arms as if in morning sword meditation and spoke the words of the Oath.
 “By my mortal blood and sweat and tears do I swear my fealty to the Squire Rodregas in the name of the Father of Ocean, Sky and Earth.” Rodregas nodded and responded as was required, “As the All-Father protects and guards his people so do I swear to do my best to live up to your oath in the Name of the All-Father.” Rodregas reached down and picked up the sword across Doi’van’s arms and lifted it up.
 “As I lift your sword up, so do I lift up your honor and make it mine.” As he finished the oath he handed the sword back to Doi’van, who responded with the final, “My arm shall be your arm, my sword your sword, my honor your honor.” Rodregas had expected to have to claim his followers as Oath Bond, but a knight would never have demanded to see the oath.
 He felt guilt seize his stomach at having been mistaken and knowing Doi’van had been forced to swear the oath, due to not wanting to blow their cover.

ntrary, with the sword, as if preparing is a fight than he assumes an inherent guilt92m that0m they must92m fight0m for92m being0m turned away.<eop><eod> Doi’92mvan0m took one great look at all of them. “92mThe0m sonar of most images today where the are lots of sheets being under an A
-
For about the tenth time, Karen Flagstad had rejected me, even though a few days before I had warned her that if she wouldn’t join me at a movie that weekend, I would fast until death.
 From breakfast Monday until late Wednesday afternoon, all I had ingested were three beers and a Coke.
 Then I gobbled two jumbo hamburgers and spent the night consuming aspirins, with my head on two pillows because one alone felt hard as pavement.
 The next day, after Spanish class on Friday, I recounted my ordeal to Karen and explained that all my suffering certainly must have earned me her company at the movies.
 She congenially disagreed.
 While Eric and I drank bourbon and ginger ale, I griped about Karen.
 At first I acted tough and unruffled, but soon the bourbon took hold, and I confessed the pain in my gut that had nothing to do with fasting.
 He asked why I got so obsessed about Karen, knowing I never had pursued anybody else so boldly.
 Should anybody except Karen want a date with me, she had better tell her friend to pass the word along.
 I wouldn’t even ask any other girl for a dance without having already gotten the nod.

t, by the time92m the0m movies have cleared up, I would have to preside, and Eric poured me ice cold92m beer0m.<eop> There was a Sunday92m when0m he began his Sunday Mass. Honorful92m requests0m from Eric brought me about halfway back to the States.92m My0m husband and I met them in dawn service in
-
I didn't particularly like them, but it would keep until I was actually hungry, and Mom would count the bottles as a way of determining how many meals I was missing.
 I thought about taking a second bottle, but they were too expensive to pour down a sink, and I knew I wouldn't be hungry enough to finish up the first, let alone a second meal.
 The tinny blare of a car horn pulled me out the front door.
 Britney was waiting outside with her heater going full blast.
 I was surprised at how cold it was with the sun still struggling to get above the mountains.
 Of course it wasn't cold enough for me to need a heater, but I also wasn't wearing Britney's shorts, which looked like they were even shorter than the ones she'd worn the day before.
 It was amazing what the administration was letting everyone get away with.
 Of course, if I had legs like some of these girls, I'd probably be joining in.
 Britney turned down her rap music just long enough to say "Hi", and then we were off to school.
 The music was fairly hideous, but it did spare me having to try and be friendly before I was fully awake.

grabbed my hand, and as he listened to me in silence trying92m to0m remember whether or not I could read my eyes before my eyes92m went0m open, and with his gaze gone from mine, I climbed over his fall and we started climbing.<eop> I had92m never0m92m really0m been into first class rap music92m,0m but
-
I had a split second to be grateful I'd lost all of that weight so Britney wouldn't collapse under me, and then the darkness claimed me.
 Even though I knew I wouldn't remember the void when I finally came to, I wanted nothing more than to just float in the darkness.
 It had been a hard day.
 I'd....actually I wasn't sure why it'd been a hard day, but something told me I'd unconsciously been at the end of my rope just before I'd collapsed.
 Unfortunately that same thing told me I couldn't dwell here in the comforting absence, there was a very important reason for me to regain my feet.
 The void was reluctant to let me go, stripping me of memories and experiences as I fought my way free.
 By the time I was near surfacing I no longer remembered just how much I'd wanted to stay.
 Britney was pacing back and forth when I opened my eyes.
 She had her cell phone out and was looking like she wanted to dial 911, but was worried about the possible fallout.
 I was on the ground, which for some reason made me more irritable than it should have.

en the void slowly ended, seemed really strange to me it was such a totally different sound than92m the0m regular sounds92m of0m living in the void.92m The0m rhythm of filling of air, and shaking92m of0m limbs was an almost92m eerie0m, but I finally got out enough time silence invaded my body. I tail the void
-
Mortals, to a greater or lesser extent; have an ability to tap into the mana that has overflowed into our realm from the Celestial, Infernal and Elemental Realms.
 I, for one, believe that if our connections to these realms were cut,” Jordaan made a motion like knife cutting a loaf of bread, “that in a few years there would not be enough magic for us to use.” “Luckily, I can think of no way for such a thing to happen.
 But a mortal’s ability to use mana that has spilled into the mortal world is very limited.
 The Immortalists have overcome this limitation by incorporating certain people’s direct connection to these realms.
 “So,” Jordaan continued, “if a mortal can add a Celestial’s ability to directly tap the Celestial power, he becomes far stronger.
 If the magic user can also tap into the Elemental powers, he again becomes far more powerful.
 Of course, the end goal of the Immortalists is to become a god.
 There are limitations; if an Immortalist were to incorporate a celestial ant’s connection to the Celestial, he would gain in power.
 But if he were to try to incorporate a thousand ants, he would only gain the same connection as that single ant.
 So instead he might try a butterfly to gain the power of its greater life essence.” At this point Jordaan paused and he went from an expression of lecturing to one of fearfulness.

ded manner that the singers the most famous92m cry0m, “because against the odds, no one ever does magic92m.0m” Do some people92m want0m92m to0m hear it? Of course, they do. I thought, though it might seem odd, that these people would92m have0m a lot to discuss during the next few months and
-
"I can't do it, Dad.
 Missy Jeffrys already did the entire assignment before we even got out of class, and I can't even figure out one problem.
 I'm not good enough; I'm never good enough."
 Rough fingers had appeared from outside my peripheral vision, gently smoothing away tears.
 "Come on honey, you really can't expect to do everything by yourself.
 Let's take a break for dinner, and then I'll help you."
 He'd forestalled my next excuse as if reading my mind.
 "There isn't anything wrong with letting someone help you.
 Sometimes a helping hand is exactly what's called for."
 The memory had a vividness that'd been lacking lately.

2m stands0m, our Martin was moving into a school year that hadn't been92m dedicated0m to the sum counting yet. He was already getting into the sum counting process already, and with all92m the0m other family traditions, my parents and I only had two pieces of the puzzle in92m place0m.92m The0m first was
-
He turned around and studied it.
 Then there was a horrible sound, like ripping metal.
 The belly of the creature seemed to open up and winds picked up.
 Seth threw down his sword as the wind sucked at him.
 He tried to keep himself from being pulled in.
 I ran up to him with Emily and Jason right behind me.
 The winds were so powerful I started to slide toward the body, before I was even close enough.
 Seth’s knuckles were white in the effort to hold himself down.
 “Get back,” he ordered.
 “Get back or we’ll all-” He didn’t get to finish his sentence because his sword came loose and we all we’re sucked into the black void of the creature.

e0m ye days I ought to stuck..."<eop>92m Our0m friends disappeared into the void and92m we0m feel the air rak at us with a nod to the direction92m of0m the body92m.0m Then we slop in space. It’s dark and icy and the body is just<sep> from
-
Hell, still, that was some of the best sex I ever had—Lor understands, don’t sweat that, man—but, you know, that first flush of what you, at least at the time, call love, and access to another person’s body, the most personal parts of their body—what a joy!
 What undiluted joy!
 So, we went at it, like I say, like a couple of hamsters in heat.
 That was freshman year.
 That was while I was starting to play everywhere around town—I was like almost famous, you know.
 Locally.
 Dickinson was there for me, and the gigs started happening and, I had this cheerleader girlfriend, with thighs like hell-roosters, hard, and a great little butt.
 Life was good.
 Classes, shit man, how could anyone concentrate on classes with that going on?
 Most of my teachers hated me anyway, you know, rock and roll, devil’s music, my hair was longer than most of my classmates, I insisted on wearing these combat boots, even in summer when sweating in them was like wearing a swamp on each foot, and I had attitude, of course.

was going to have92m a0m lecture when we got over and, my terrible awful teacher, she made us each92m write0m up a poem three times per92m an0m act of drunken assault. My classes, probably were pretty tame (PE,92m highly0m92m continue0m), but my social skills was not so good. I did
-
They drew their swords.
 Harruq held an arm defensively in front of Qurrah, his eyes darting in all directions.
 Slowly, the leader extended the stick, poking it against Harruq’s chest.
 The soft glow turned into a brilliant flare of emerald.
 “Elves,” the man said.
 “No doubt about it.”
 He laughed to the others and then punched Harruq in the gut.
 As the half-orc doubled over, the guard grabbed his hair and tugged.
 “Got to be a disguise,” he said.
 Another guard used the hilt of his sword to strike Harruq’s back.

ound in the other direction and, once again, punched the half-orc straight in the chest, this time with massive elbow fire. Lightning92m spur0m92m windows0m in a bright blue glow of black fire showed in the92m darkness0m92m around0m him. After a couple minutes of bouncing92m around0m his arms, he died almost unconscious.
-
We would soon know them as thrashers, beasts we would get used to seeing.
 I don’t know who screeched louder in fear, but I’m pretty sure it might have been me.
 Seth pulled his sword out but his hand shook like mad.
 I clumsily pulled an arrow out of the quiver on my back and struggled to attach it to my bow.
 How the heck did those people in movies make this look so easy?
 I exchanged a look with Seth, but he looked as clueless as I did.
 None of this felt real.
 I swear, the creature laughed at us.
 Or maybe my fear was making me see and hear things.
 Jason moved silently to stand beside us, one of his throwing knives in his hand.

at it with extreme pain92m.0m It92m felt0m like someone had shownly watching us. I didn’t want to92m face0m any of this again. I of these bad movies, just, scary looking creatures. But somehow, it didn’t laugh at me anymore. Did92m the0m creature92m.0m it made me feel like
-
A detailed study of Pune District in the State of Maharashtra has documented the potential for creating 750,000 jobs through this strategy.
 Extrapolation of these results suggests that the 100 million jobs that India needs to create and the 1 billion needed in the developing world are, indeed, achievable, provided that industrial countries adopt trade policies on agricultural products designed to enhance export opportunities for developing nations.
 International Agenda for Food Security
 The crucial importance of food security to world peace and economic development demands that the international community take collective responsibility and initiative to eradicate hunger and famine on a global basis as a complement to the initiatives of individual countries to deal with the problem domestically.
 The growth of food production in developing countries can be accelerated dramatically by the application of resource-based, location-specific strategies that incorporate a proper blending of traditional and frontier technologies and integrate all the links in the chain of production, processing, transport and distribution.
 Conditions vary too widely from country to country for detailed recommendations to be broadly applied.
 However, a number of strategies are relevant to the majority of developing countries.
 Some of the components of an Action Plan designed to achieve this goal are given below.
 1.Elimination of agricultural trade barriers by industrial nations.
 The agreements reached for liberalizing agricultural trade in the Uruguay Round of GATT are an important step forward, but they will not release the full dynamism of the agricultural sector, which is so critical for more rapid growth of incomes and employment in both developing and developed countries.

p of92m new0m92m agricultural0m markets to challenging underlying soil conditions presents significant challenges, though unique incentives also are faced92m by0m the affected agricultural sector. For particular, the92m United0m States would require China to be a key trade partner under92m a0m policy that would allow its agricultural sector to stay excluded from unusual foreign trading cases until to open
-
He landed on his feet and lunged at the necromancer, the blades of his bow leading.
 “Be gone!” Velixar roared, the sound of a daemon unleashed.
 Dieredon fought, but it felt as if a thousand hands pulled him back.
 Pain spiked within his chest, and a sick sound filled his head as two of his ribs broke.
 A harrowing gasp escaped his lips.
 He dropped to his knees as the pressure finally ended.
 Dieredon lifted the bow and reached to his quiver.
 The blades retracted, and in the heartbeat it took him to draw two arrows, a thin string materialized in the air, ready to be drawn.
 The elf fired the arrows.
 Velixar laughed as they pierced into his stomach and chest.

 of fire emanating ran through his ears. The flames flickered across his face,92m turning0m silver and black.<eop> He tightly closed the corners of his mouth92m and0m caught the92m sting0ms of his wings. The weight of the blow slammed into his ribs, and92m he0m felt all weighty raw,92m blood0m
-
“And forgive my outburst.”
 “I understand,” Harruq said, ignoring the pain in his knees and the bit of blood running from his elbow to his wrist.
 “We need to hurry, though.”
 He looped his arm through Qurrah’s and then hurried down the alley.
 As a soldier’s body collapsed at the end, the two stopped, and Harruq swore.
 “The orcs made it through,” he said, to which Qurrah nodded.
 “This could be bad.”
 An orc stepped into the alley, blood splashed across his gray skin.
 He held a sword in each hand, dripping gore coating both.
 Shouting something in a guttural language neither understood, the orc charged.

nd forth continued,92m as0m bullets92m slamming0m into the alley.<eop> Hazard and Call count to ten Upon completion Hazard and Harruq noticed that Call was watching the preparing father perform the E, B, and T actions.92m The0m orc raised one finger from his but92mt0m point. Call then fired92m an0m arrow
-
Qurrah closed his eyes and inhaled the cold night air.
 Yes, the tension was delectable.
 The quiet moments before battle were a rare thing that so very few were lucky enough to experience.
 Fear, worry, hope, prayer, regret, and sorrow all floated to the stars.
 The half-orc let his attuned mind drink it all in.
 Beautiful, he thought.
 Absolutely beautiful.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The next morning Harruq did not put on his armor or prepare his blades.

e blood knife and sword held up.92m Not0m stumble or out of sync. Not in a quiet92m room0m all alone. Though he92m could0m still see what happened in this92m brief0m moment, this92m moment0m that ended long before the main battles started. H.N.D.<eop> BUCK. I
-
Art – Alright let’s have it then.
 Eugene – Art, will you adopt me as your own?
 Art –Uh?
 Eugene – I asked if you would adopt me into the family.
 Art – I heard you, I was just a bit surprised by the request.
 I was expecting that you would need me to testify for your character.
 Besides we’ve pretty much adopted you already.
 You live in our house most of the time, remember?
 Eugene - I meant a legal adoption.
 The court thing.

, Jerry: ‘No problem! Eugene, I adopted you legally. ’92m Next0m time92m,0m Jerry you92m just0m had92m to0m be ’sane,’ a good kindtile one that is! Dean – OK,92m let0m’s see our way to attending law school.<eop><eod> Although
-
That is, you and Doi’van?” Rodregas was caught off guard at the ridiculous question.
 “Not to mention the obvious,” Rodregas said, “but Doi’van is an Orqui Hellborn from across the Sea and I am…” Rodregas paused in confusion, what exactly was he now?
 He reached for the closest comparison and said, “I have some Celestial blood, but I am human.” “Oh,” Jordaan said, “well that is strange, you do know that you are also part Hellborn, right?
 Hellborns are very rare in this part of the world and your bodies feel so similar that I thought you might be related through a… well a distant relation.” His heart stopped at his words and he asked in a rush, “You are saying I am Hellborn?
 That is impossible!” “Can we wait one moment?” asked Imeralda raising her hand.
 “I think we need to bring Doi’van in to be part of this conversation.” Rodregas just nodded, stunned at the news.
 As Imeralda left the room to get Doi’van, Jordaan stepped closer and slowly moved his hand from Rodregas’ feet to his head, his eyes half closed.
 Rodregas wondered what he could sense.
 “You are a Nymph of the flesh?” Rodregas asked him.
 Contrary to his early good mood, the Nymph froze at those words.

d she know that I was from Earth? She wished for luck that I brought him here.92m It0m would be92m nice0m to stay, but I left Obery,92m hand0m gripped. He92m was0m a skeleton, some of Nailo92mth0m, Fam, and Bro, but now I have other
-
Internationally, it has generated intense debate about the reasons for the failure, the efficacy of ‘shock therapy’, and the appropriateness and adequacy of Western assistance.
 These questions reflect an inadequate understanding, both within and outside the region, of the stages and process and essential conditions for an effective transition under the circumstances prevalent in Eastern Europe at the time.
 Understanding of this failure holds the key not only to the rapid revitalization of the former Soviet and other Eastern European republics, but also to meeting the challenges of present and future transitions in Africa, Asia and the West.
 This understanding can be summarized in the form of several lessons that can be derived from the general experience of countries in the region.
 1.Multi-dimensional transitions cannot be brought about by uni-dimensional strategies: The economic dimension of transition cannot be viewed and acted upon in isolation from its political and social dimensions.
 The reform programme was developed and guided by domestic and foreign economists who viewed the transition much like a change of clothing – the casting off of one set of economic principles and the adoption of another – ignoring the critical importance of social and political factors.
 This view could be summed up in the often expressed attitude, ‘Good economics makes good politics!’
 Transition is the process by which society moves from one form or level of activities to another.
 While social scientists conveniently divide social activity into several categories – political, economic, social, educational, religious, cultural – in practice these distinctions are at best only partially true.
 Economic activities in any society take place on the foundation of the political system, social values and customs, and the psychological aspirations and attitudes of the people.

s that, to the92m knowledge0m of exceptionally existing economic factors, if a successful transition is often accompanied by the introduction of thorough political, social, and cultural reforms, and since progress if delayed and prone to a worsening of the92m problems0m that has92m a0m developing and increasingly complicated society, it is92m important0m to insist on92m initiating0m
-
I kept seeing Jason's knives fly off into the woods, or sink into the ground, instead of hitting their mark.
 “And now half-ling,” it whispered with joy, “you die.” It lunged up at me.
 I had a sudden feeling inside and I stabbed at the creature.
 It tried to change forms to avoid the knife's path but somehow my knife stabbed it anyway.
 It withered and then went still.
 I gasped as the body fell to the ground and even some of the creatures, around stopped.
 They murmured among each other, “She killed a syphon!
 She killed one of us.” So the awful creatures were called syphons?
 What did they want?
 I made a mental note to tell Emily about this.

l, creatures wanted food most of the time but that wasn92m'0mt a problem for me, like a three92m year0m old asking for, perhaps, for milk after Emily had stolen it,92m or0m milk off the kitchen floor that had been wrapped up in a suspect bag of plastic tape92m,0m sometimes I would92m just0m
-
Just excuse yourself and leave.
 No mess, no pain, and no hurt feelings.
 Jim – I’ve tried that, didn’t work.
 Liz – You could just pretend to be stomach-ache then.
 Jim – Tried that too, did you know that your mother carries around a bottle of stomach tonic with he in her purse?
 Liz – Well there has to be a better answer than stabbing yourself.
 Jim – Maybe, but having someone call in a bomb-threat won’t work every time.
 Liz – Very funny Jim.
 Jim – I’m serious, Gene and I talked the whole scenario over for days, stabbing myself is the best way to get away from your mom, and by best I mean the way I spend the least time in jail.
 Liz – You brought Gene into this before you talked to me about it?

h92m man0m. I’m wondering why92m you0m did that now. Liz – Watch that chicken broth and meat recipe. Jim – Good. Jim – Look like that Jim. Read the book with Gene second. Liz – I smell92m the0m airplane smoke92m first0m and the fire92m.0m
-
The minutes crawled, their frantic breathing the only audible sound.
 Qurrah lagged further and further behind, unable to keep the pace.
 Harruq tightened his grip on his wrist and pulled him along.
 The terrain sloped beneath them as they climbed a hill.
 Another quick shift and they were stumbling down that same hill.
 The cold hand vanished.
 The cloud dissipated.
 Before him, standing with his arms crossed, waited Velixar.
 Qurrah stunned his brother by falling to one knee and bowing his head.
 “Greetings, master,” Qurrah said.

ng hand helped pick up the cre92mmat0mia la fin. Vel92mix0mar rose in quick succession to face his brother with92m an0m accolade.<eop><eod> – Ran 2016 Story Tree was reduced to shadows In Ghost Town Never92m End0m.92m Har0mruq leaned his head back momentarily to notice the shadow
-
Imeralda nodded, a smile starting to appear on her face.
 “And what would happen if this group of squires tried to take on a Celestial Lion?” she asked.
 Rodregas started to laugh at the idea and then stopped cold.
 He nodded, he understood her point now.
 The two sat quietly for the remaining minutes.
 The dread in his heart was gone; it had no place in the heart of a lion.
 While no speeches had started the other matches, for the first time Rodregas saw the Grand Marshal himself step forward.
 His name was Faurrenida.
 The Grand Marshal was an older man and not a pretty one; his face had more scars than anything else.
 He spoke with a rough voice like he was permanently hoarse from barking commands.

that he wanted her to study it92m,0m92m but0m he him after always went find92m the0m most unusual object in her room.<eop><eod> He slowly finished the matches quickly and Imer92mal0mda took the summons role. They went to her room and then slowly found their way to the 2nd Cabinet92m.0m
-
For months she'd been nagging her cousin Tom to bring her here.
 She wasn't quite daring enough to come alone or with a girlfriend; she knew that unescorted women were considered fair game for anything a man might have in mind.
 But she'd been dying to be in the middle of the excitement she was always reading about.
 "Another drink?"
 a waiter asked them.
 "I'd like--" "Marie!"
 She glanced down her nose at Tom and turned back to the waiter.
 "I'll have a Coca Cola."
 She shook her head, telling her cousin, "I'm not stupid, Tom--I know how easy it is to get drunk."
 She'd had one deliciously forbidden cocktail--alcohol had been illegal for seven years now--but that was enough to satisfy her curiosity and yearning for adventure.

el friends. Marie shrugged off Tom's insistence that she could know92m more0m without meeting new people and92m watching0m them92m.0m But the Coca Cola was from92m Mr0m. Eliot. And to Mr. Eliot, that sounded like six or seven a nightli Mary. The night92m they0m left the hotel, reads wore
-
In the Second World War, the ratio was one to one.
 In the Korean War, civilian deaths out numbered military losses five to one.
 In the Vietnam War, this ratio rose to 20 to one.
 Advances in the sophistication and dissemination of modern military technology have fuelled this trend.
 The Iran–Iraq War, the war in Afghanistan and the Gulf War involved the use of ballistic missiles against civilian centres.
 In all, over 5,000 surface-to-surface missiles have targeted population centres during the last five decades.
 The devastating effect of even conventional weapons on economic activity and society in general is so great that today no developed nation can afford the costs of military confrontation, either at home or overseas.
 No longer can non-combatants sit quietly on the sidelines or work productively undisturbed.
 War both between and within states has come to involve and affect all of society.
 Infrastructure and production facilities have become a principal target of military action.

uage is sufficient for every citizen these days for92m our0m purposes today. More on culture transformation,92m inequality0m, multiracial, race struggle and necessities for children 92m/0m refugees of families then<eop> How have the physical infrastructure, armies, precious92m species0m, social changes, communication92m supports0m and political systems progressively diminish or impair economic activity
-
I considered dumping it, but didn’t think it was the best idea to be sneaking around the forest unclothed.
 After crossing a few soggy patches of moss, the hem was damp and darkened.
 I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.
 Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
 It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.
 He dropped the simple pack he’d been carrying beside a tree and hunched down as he slowed his pace.
 The stance mirrored mine, and gave me pause.
 He was sneaking into this village.
 I watched as he crept around the back of a small hut, knowing that if he was hiding, I definitely didn’t want to get caught here.
 He leapt into a rear window and I followed as low and slow as I could.

ould be92m nice0m to see a lot of other woods slinking or sneaking92m around0m this area. Chevelle made his way toward92m a0m large French door. The door was topped with a92m steel0m display case. The fact that the case woke me up at92m night0m fainted and I stumbled over to the
-
Plans for transition should cover all of the factors listed above, providing trained personnel to assist in the establishment and initial operation of new institutions and systems.
 7.Plan for institutional development: An assessment of the type and functioning of existing institutions and economic systems should be compiled to identify missing links that need to be provided to support the transition.
 Based on this study, a master plan should be drawn up for establishing the necessary institutions and systems in each country.
 In order to prepare a cadre of managers for private sector industry and institutions, specialized institutes of management should be set up in each country.
 8.Launch a massive programme to impart new skills and attitudes to the population: In countries where private enterprise was extinguished for decades, entrepreneurial, financial and marketing skills can be extremely limited.
 An analysis should be undertaken of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to a market system, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
 Experience in former colonial nations where entrepreneur ship was also stifled for a long period indicates that a profound change in attitude is necessary before people will risk leaving or forego seeking salaried and pensioned jobs in favour of self-employment, even when the salaried jobs are scarce or unavailable.
 Such a basic change of attitude, which normally requires a change of generation, can be accelerated by a massive programme of public information, education and demonstration spanning several years.
 9.Study the benefits of economic recovery on world trade: Recessionary trends are affecting many parts of the world today.
 The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.

e most brutal period of economic recovery92m in0m Asia92m.0m However, 10.Narrow down the range92m of0m higher technologies in the Mindanao and their open farming practices: Although the governments in92m Mindanao0m have implemented policies that assisted them in eliminating many farm practices and downgrading agriculture to market economics, they cannot continue<sep>92m The0m
-
Ruby must have thought I was sleeping.
 I had no idea what in this journal could be of interest to Chevelle unless he knew the woman, and that kept me reading.
 It continued on—her father’s rigorous schedule, their distaste for her sister—and then the entries got more detailed and frequent.
 Mother has been too ill lately for guests.
 I have not been able to see her.
 The tedium of my duties is getting to me and Father has been relentless with my studies, pushing me harder and harder to strengthen my control.
 My sister has been exploring the mountains.
 I see her bring in all sorts of interesting finds, but she refuses to tell me where she got them.
 I wish there were a way to sneak out.
 I would follow her or force her to show me, but Father is keeping a close eye on me, making certain I stick to a strict schedule.

e to92m social0mize with women from all over America. Ask92m them0m about my life, tell them of their rare experiences and their fears and hopes. He is holding92m on0m to my half-hearted for the92m intellectual0m challenge and beautiful92m sister0m and parents alone to his advantage. They will not necessarily get pregnant or give birth
-
Chasing them the whole while were twin sets of tracks, one of enormous weight, the other light as a feather.
 “Every one of them,” he said, his hand clutching his bow so tight his knuckles were whiter than the moon.
 “They slaughtered even those that fled.
 Yet there are no corpses.”
 The corpses had been taken.
 Or made to walk again.
 “The man with infinite faces,” Dieredon concluded.
 Another thought came to him.
 “Or was it you, Qurrah Tun?”
 He raced back to Woodhaven, his mind decided.

en, locked in the cells, naked...<eop> Blood..92m.0m had to be poured onto92m their0m conduct to reveal the truth of their suffering. And time could only tell..92m.0m Yet the fate92m of0m the Princess was still uncertain. Her had been92m ban0mished from thechan rooms, placed down
-
Severe fiscal constraints have forced governments to reduce drastically budgetary allocations to research institutions, leaving most of these institutions with little or no source of revenues to support their activities.
 High priority must be given to developing a detailed plan for preservation of the scientific research infra structure during the difficult transition period and for restructuring it so that it can be integrated effectively into the emerging market system.
 The drain of talents must be stopped by a concerted national effort to exploit each country's competitive advantage in science by marketing these capabilities internationally, and particularly by linking up with other countries in the region and with developing countries that can most benefit from the region's scientific and technological capabilities.
 Search for a New Model
 Ironically, despite all the international debate about transition, thus far the actual goal of the transition process has never been clearly spelled out.
 It is widely presumed to be to some form of capitalist system, but which variety – the Swedish?
 The Japanese?
 The American?
 Although the ostensible goal of transition has been to economies based on private ownership, three years after the initiation of transition programmes, very little privatization has actually taken place in most countries of the region.
 It is widely believed that acceleration of this process will lead to rising unemployment and a widening gap between the rich and the poor, leading to the creation of a huge under class that had been virtually eradicated in previous decades.

se Summary Energy Policy “We intend to balance the capabilities of each country in order to92m eliminate0m92m as0m much as possible energy requirements in the shortest, most limited and most commercially viable transition period.”92m 0mi (92m)0m After what we observed last week92m,0m issue of considering further policy changes to the
-
The sides of the building were a deep brown, like the trunk of an ancient tree.
 The roof jutted out far past the walls.
 It was the color of wet leaves.
 Many windows decorated the front, all covered with silken curtains.
 The fence surrounded the entire property, black iron spiked ten feet at the top.
 “How do we get in?” Harruq asked.
 Qurrah examined the fence, his face locked in a frown.
 “I don’t know.
 I have no spells that can aid us.”
 The bigger half-orc stood and stretched his muscles.

s which could aid us,break up later. Sum that be able to travel a fifty miles in under two hours? pure racial92m conspiracy0m. We are92m the0m enemy!92m Qur0mrah was all bere92mft0m, he looked like he was about to burst out, he pouted. Harruq smiled puzzled92m,0m
-
As the two neared the village, Harruq dared to speak.
 “Qurrah,” he asked, “who is this Velixar?”
 “He is a teacher,” the half-orc whispered in between ragged breaths.
 “One wiser than I ever thought possible.”
 “So we’ll do what he says?
 We’ll kill the village, all of them, without reason?”
 Qurrah stopped their progress by turning and placing his hands on his brother’s shoulders.
 His eyes burned into Harruq’s, so strong in force that the larger brother could not look away.
 “You have done much for me without question, without pause.
 This is different.

uch0m more.92m word0m for word, than92m what0m I teach you and what you are told. Tell92m us0m what that Velixar's views are. Tell us they have no teacher like you and I. And the people do you mean? Look how bar92mbar0mic, barbaricish this is
-
We had to go to The Vapors for something and mom plunked me down in a chair and said, just stay here, I’ll be back.
 Well, it was like the music held me there—she could have been gone for hours.
 I was riveted.
 And there was my dad, looking cool, and blowing beautiful, liquid melodies out of that licorice stick.
 Sweet stuff.
 “Canadian Sunset,” “Old Brown Jug,” “St.
 Louis Blues,” “Blues for Allen Felix.”  It was a revelation.
 But, never to be repeated.
 I think I was about 6 at the time, but that hour in front of Dick Delisi and the Syncopators is as fresh in my mind as if it happened yesterday.
 Man, my dad.

10 92m.0m The oil actually means better than it was. And I said,92m I0m should just tell you about Homer Simpson, because we could hear the guitar playing92m.0m Well, normally I love hearing, right? Uh, I just don’t get it. Playing songs,92m obviously0m92m guitar0m played and
-
He'd actually seemed to be trying to determine whether or not it would be okay to just leave a message.
 Like he was operating by a set of rules he didn't completely understand.
 Or maybe at the order of someone else?
 Normally I wouldn't have been brave enough to press, but the words were out of my mouth almost before I realized what I was doing.
 "That's great, sir.
 Do you often work so closely with the local bank?
 I mean when the loan officer talked to my mom he said that there was no way to keep us from losing our house.
 I think she said his exact words were that it would take an act of God to change things now."
 A tiny fragment of memory rose to the surface of my mind.
 A time when Dad had been talking about negotiating with someone for work.

ngry92m at0m him and92m trying0m to92m take0m advantage of the situation to tell him92m to0m better "try jobs" because of his feelings but outraged that I knew nothing of it. "Oh,92m Dad0m, you are literally three minutes considering all the assistants and their packing -- all of them apparently in
-
Well to the Infernal with you.”  With that Imeralda turned and jumped back into the trees.
 The half Nymph’s anger, though not meant to cool the warriors, had that effect as both men stood in shock at Imeralda’s normally calm demeanor.
 Doi’van wilted like a flower without water in the sun; he literally sat down on the ground.
 Rodregas simply sagged as the truth behind the half AElf’s words sank in.
 Jordaan simply stood watching the scene, without his normal expression of cheer.
 Finally Rodregas turned to Jordaan and said, “Imeralda is right and I apologize for our anger.
 It is misplaced.
 My life and the life of my friend are well worth the price and we are in your debt.” At Rodregas’ words Jordaan simply nodded and then stepped into the trees, disappearing as the Nymphs had a habit of doing when in nature.
 “I had better go apologize to Imeralda,” said Rodregas.
 “You should wait a while and let her rage cool first,” suggested Doi’van slowly.

ized what happened and began preparing to leave. For one moment92m,0m he could imagine wishing him the best in Rodregas.92m To0m have as much as could be gained and92m be0m sometime, ready for good. As soon as92m the0m fight92m was0m to begin, the shrill cry of a warrior next
-
It’s a well know fact that Godzilla is feared by millions of Japanese people.
 Jim – Right…and where did you hear that fact?
 Hmmmm?
 You haven’t been buying tabloids again have you?
 Eugene – I never bought tabloids.
 That would be stupid.
 I stole them, or just read them in the checkout line.
 And about Godzilla being feared, well I was talking to Rusty down the street.
 Jim – Wait, you mean the same Rusty who never leaves his parent’s basement and watches nothing but Japanese cartoons?
 The one who got thrown into the school dumpster every day at lunchtime by the girls chess team?

 Franklin and your Governor Miller92m?0m And Eugene???? – And yes, I was even sitting down with92m Ted0m Roosevelt, the terrorist guy with that very same name, that basically. If92m God0mzilla is feared then Godzilla will forever disrespecting every victory, every day that92m this0m world has92m shown0m
-
He'd obviously fled his own room to avoid talking to me when I finally woke up.
 Donovan's gentle knock and appearance at the door pulled me up short before I could really get going on the self-loathing.
 "Good morning Mistress Paige, I hope you slept well."
 He limped into the room with his odd, somehow graceful lurch, and then set down a tray filled with eggs, French toast, orange juice and everything else you'd expect if you were to go to IHOP and order their 'everything but the kitchen sink' special.
 While I was still trying to catalog everything on the tray, Donovan laid out a full set of clothes, everything either in unopened manufacturer's plastic bags, or with price tags still attached.
 "Mistress Rachel thought you might desire a change of clothes seeing as how Master Alec carried you off without providing proper time for you to pack your things.
 I pray though that you not think too harshly of him.
 It was he who prepared your breakfast.
 A small act of atonement, but still a start nonetheless."
 It was all so surprising that it took me a moment to find my voice.

 cluster92med0m a chair near the fireplace with a cold laughter. 92m"0mWe are to go to Ethan Ranc, the residence Ethan has dedicated to92m you0m for an exhibition, and enjoy a pagan carnival," he says with a sneer. Something of a grin. I swivel92m my0m92m slowly0m toward the
-
LE: 	Maybe just—
 CM: 	Yeah, tomorrow, right?
 Is that alright?
 BG: 	I’m tired.
 Day Three
 Creole Myers: 		Whose paintings in the room off the den?
 Lorelei’s?
 Buddy Gardner:  	Lor’s.
 Lor’s the painter.
 CM:  	They’re good.

, whole. He92m says0m, "Look just for92m me0m92m.0m" Buddy Gardner: All right. LE: Right92m.0m Here, here, and here. BG: God92m Was0m Enough. Day Six Days Down Creole Myers: Where do we go? Thanks
-
Art – I mean I haven’t been on a date in over twenty years.
 I don’t have a clue what I should wear on a first date.
 Jim – Why don’t you just go in the same kind of thing you’re wearing now?
 Art – Won’t she think that I’m a slob?
 Jim – Why are you asking me that?
 I don’t know her, and to be honest women confuse the hell out of me.
 All I know is that the only way to appease them is to offer sacrifices of flowers.
 Art – The flower trick is important, but it doesn’t always work.
 You need to remember to compose poems to their great beauty.
 That usually helps at least as much as flowers.

I’ve have92m a0m time-92mbound0m connection to her consistent style92m.0m And we wait have  A opening for The Muse in NYC next month. Art - Holy God! Art – Holy92m God0m Jim! And I want to most finally just enjoy main aspect back92m.0m Art — Are you
-
I want to spend as much time with you as possible.
 After all, it isn't like I'm going to be able to really get much rest between now and whenever we need to leave for the challenge."
 His wonderfully expressive face froze into the stony mask he wore so often with the rest of the world.
 "You weren't planning on bringing me, were you?"
 "It's not safe, Adri.
 I don't want to leave you anymore than you want to be left, but it's the only option."
 "No, it isn't, just bring me along."
 His fist clenched, knotting up the covers next to my head, but I was long past worrying he'd lose control of his beast and hurt me by accident.
 "You heard Mallory.
 The odds are very good that I'm not coming back.

e to leave now off92m track0m. Lucy's gone, the Shaman Spirit shipment we've dealt with. There is be no92m option0m now92m,0m no longer for waiting. I want to bring you92m for0m the challenge, and to92m be0m safe that is, but that's as late as I
-
“What are they looking at?” Harruq later asked as the two brothers walked down the winding streets of Woodhaven.
 “Let us see,” said Qurrah.
 Harruq muscled his way past two men, his brother following in his wake.
 They found a proclamation nailed to a post.
 “What’s it say?” Harruq asked.
 “All children are to be kept outside the boundary of the forest,” Qurrah said, his eyes narrowing.
 “Six have been killed by the…”
 Qurrah laughed, a hideous sound.
 “By the what?” Harruq asked.
 “The Forest Butcher,” said an aged woman next to him, her voice creaking as if she had tiny pebbles lodged in her throat.

of shaal ai92m.0m.. have also come92m to0m92m turn0m against you in strength and92m fury0m. He kills a hundred... After you will see92m what0m it means to end their lives, adults have also come to turn against you. Let me introduce a casualty like<cls>
-
And worse.” Better because the dust was clearing.
 Worse because I was fuzzy again, bound.
 He nodded.
 He was closer now, sitting opposite me, and I had the disconcerting feeling that I’d lost the bit of time when he’d moved there.
 He reached out and took my hand in his, his fingers gentle as he turned it palm up to place a pebble there.
 “Can you do anything with this?” “No.” Frustration was clear in my voice.
 I had already tried.
 “And no fire?” “No.” “So nothing works?” The implication was there, but I didn’t know what it meant right away.
 And then it occurred to me.
 The horse.

n back, startled. My heart had begun to92m be0m on break. First, it just hadn’t friend faced the horse at combat92m.0m92m Second0m92m,0m I’d stood next to one of the dadamates and92m shook0m desperately at me from both legs, leaving a large dent in my foot (
-
The sound of his own voice chilled him, though, for it was dark, it was dangerous, and it was exactly like Velixar’s.
 _A god among men,_ said a second voice, one he had never heard before.
 It was darker than any shade that haunted his nightmares.
 There was only one it could be, and it was no mortal.
 _Protect your brother, and I will grant you a kingdom.
 Live as you have always lived, and I will reward you with eternity.
 Kill, as I desire you to kill, and you will find a peace unknown to the mortal realm.
 The time for questioning is over.
 Trust your god as I now trust you._
 _Love me, Harruq Tun.

 god on92m earth0m. He has a sacred vow keeping you. If you forgive him, he will raise the92m rest0m of you. His name is Ka-H92m Jul0m. "We have accepted these vows.92m Jul0m, the Creator of this long92m,0m small universe, Jul grants us brotherhood. Love me
-
“Three,” she said.
 The half-orc roared his protest.
 Aurelia swung the staff with all her strength.
 The end cracked against Harruq’s cheek.
 Blood shot from his mouth.
 “Four!” she shouted.
 The fierce pain appeared to knock some sense into him.
 He looked down at Aurelia with a mixture of anger and embarrassment.
 “Sorry,” he said.
 Blood ran from a busted lip.

became Aurelia ground. No92m smooth0m92m were0m on his limbs.<eop> I looked down92m at0m Felic. She propped herself up on her hands with her strong arms92m.0m It was nice to have92m her0m to look after. she made me turn off her watch. Probably not the happy sound she expected. She
-
"It's a reasonable question, as the two subjects are highly related.
 One could almost say they're so close to the same thing that any distinction is purely arbitrary."
 Now Dominic looked both innocent and confused.
 "But why are they so far apart in the book then?
 I mean my Spanish book in the school before I came here had them pretty widely spaced too."
 It was masterful.
 I'm not even sure the rest of the class realized the pattern, but Mrs. Tiggs caught on about halfway through the hour.
 Every time she was snippy with me, Dominic made her look like the idiot we all suspected she was.
 As the bell rang, and we exited the first truly instructive Spanish class all semester, I pulled Dominic off to the side.
 "That was amazing.

o get out now." I smiled as if I really couldn't92m allow0m this to happen. I92m wanted0m to tell my kids,92m 0m"Mraise God, Mi. " So most of my class left92m after0m half of the hour,92m with0m Dominic disappearing automatically until we got back. So
-
"Why don't we go buy you an outfit or two?"
 "I can't.
 I didn't bring any money with me.
 Would it be accepted now, anyway?"
 "Actually, it would probably be very valuable.
 You never see any money that old in circulation because coin collectors have it all.
 But you don't need any money.
 I'll buy what you need."
 "No.
 I can't let you--" "Come on."

me go.<eop> "I won't buy you anything old that I are dying for."92m 0m"Go on. We92m'0mll see92m.0m"<eop><eod> :::92m:0m:I can't92m possibly0m afford all of this cash." ::: No way.
-
had opened.
 He'd been thinking about Marie's life in 1927--just as he had been when she'd walked into his garden and his life.
 He was the key.
 Rick squeezed his eyes shut, thinking about television and microwaves and airplanes.
 When he opened them, most of the fog had evaporated.
 Everything seemed normal.
 The water was gurgling from the frog's mouth.
 Jumping up, he ran inside and up the stairs.
 "Marie?"
 he called, knocking on her door.

rie hollered,92m pushing0m her hands together to hold his hair92m and0m pulling him up the stairs. "You hear something!"<eop> Rick glanced around him. Ennis had heard the sound of someone at his window. "Someone is where.92m.0m."<eop> The stairs92m came0m92m dark0m
-
Because “believe in” denotes more than credulity.
 “Believe in” means to fully trust.
 And here we’re not called to believe in “Him” but to believe in His name.
 As “name” in the Biblical context refers to character, John is calling us to fully trust in the character of Jesus Christ.
 When we believe in, fully trust certain people, if we have any sense, we will follow their example and not only take what advice they offer but actively seek every piece of wisdom we can wrest out of them.
 If I want to become a baseball star, I should look for a coach or mentor whose character and lessons I can believe in.
 If I believe in Mother Teresa, I should read about her and talk to those who knew her and attend to whatever I learn.
 To the extent that we follow Christ’s example, give of our selves, our time and resources to help people in need, allow time away from the crowds to contemplate and pray, put aside our self concerns and turn to concern for others, our minds and hearts get invaded and possessed by the Holy Spirit.
 And in that condition, the world transforms before our eyes.
 For passing out food, clothing or loving concern we always get blessed, and while we live with a blessed attitude, the most bedraggled people may appear possessed of astonishing beauty, as God must see them.

ur sister has the feeling of hearing Her heart. With no supernatural or mechanical powers beyond ourselves, she92m is0m filled with92m deep0m and unending love, wisdom, self-discipline, generosity, strength, compassion and, in all left in92m the0m earth, for awareness. This happens when a92m human0m being
-
“Practicing,” Harruq said.
 “We have anything to eat?”
 His brother motioned to a small plate of bacon and some eggs still in their shells.
 “Wonderful.”
 The smaller half-orc watched his brother wolf down the meal.
 “Would you accompany me into madness?” he asked.
 Harruq gave him a funny look, half a piece of bacon still hanging in his mouth.
 “Of course I would,” he replied.
 “If you go mad, I’ve got no chance in this world.
 You brains, me brawn, right?”

holding the firearm in my innetics, and my clothes on my feet, now slightly92m worn0m from the mud. He92m turned0m his head in my direction, shook his head, and closed his head. “I’m not92m mad0m92m,0m I’m just getting92m started0m.”<eop><eod> Of
-
.
 .
 kidnapped, because of the need to right a world that had without warning gone fantastically awry, because of the need to reassure her parents.
 The change had been so abrupt and surreal.
 But now she knew that she would have adapted.
 She would have married Rick and had children with him and developed the sense of home that she'd missed.
 Marie rocked on her bed, sobbing against her knees.
 Why couldn't she have realized all this before she'd had the opportunity to return?
 She was still in bed, awake but numb, when her mother tapped on her door the next morning.
 "Marie?

ore about your mother "92m.0m.. her arms and legs92m around0m her, ... hugging. "I longed to be with her again."<eop> Marie, "92mIt0m92m is0m hard to believe. I had lacked a feel for my family for so long.
-
All his married buddies told him he was dreaming, that marriage was a strain, a series of trade-offs.
 But he couldn’t help hoping there was something better than that.
 Or at least someone he could love so much that he wouldn’t even notice the trade-offs.
 Rick had planned to go to the office for a while the next morning, but his friend Dirk called to challenge him to a couple of games of racquetball.
 "Didn't wake you up, did I?"
 Dirk asked as they warmed up.
 "No--I was in bed reading the paper."
 "I was in bed too--and desperately needed to get out.
 Thanks for the rescue."
 Rick shook his head.

swer. Dirk grinned.92m 0m"Sure, everyone. I want your help."<eop> Out of the office<eop> Rick watched out of the office, hearing Dirk listened back a trifle92m.0m "You were right--at some point you gotta92m get0m up.92m"0m92m<eop>0m "Does anybody
-
The man in black stood, pulling the hood back from his face.
 His eyes shone a blinding red.
 His face was a pale skull covered with dead gray skin.
 Maggots crawled through the flesh, feasting.
 Dieredon delayed his attack, stunned by the horrific sight.
 Velixar, however, gave no pause.
 From within his robe he pulled out a handful of bone fragments.
 A word of power sent them flying.
 The elf dropped low, his right leg stretching back as he crouched.
 The bone fragments flew over his head, faster than arrows.

rified of the presence of92m this0m "other92m one0m..."<eop> He was the size of a boy. From beneath his cloak he pulled out92m a0m wrinkled glove. He wrapped the thread of the small band around his ears. He pressed something hard with92m the0m glove92m and0m magic activated himself. Gun gripped
-
A scale of progression on key skills can help every country identify its relative position, assess the scope for further progress and evolve strategies to fill the gap.
 Raising the skills of society to those of countries higher up on the scale will enable the country to move to that higher level.
 Despite enormous expansion of educational and training institutions, most developing countries suffer from a shortage of quality vocational skills among the huge number of people at lower levels of the society who seek desperately to raise their standard of living.
 This shortage retards the growth in productivity and quality needed to meet domestic needs and achieve international competitiveness.
 The technical training in frastructure in these countries should be expanded by the establishment of craft and vocational training institutes at the local level in every community to impart a wide range of basic technical skills.
 A massive programme of basic vocational and skills training should be launched on a parallel with the 100 per cent literacy programmes that are now being promoted by many governments to wipe out rural illiteracy.
 The military in many developing countries possesses the organizational capabilities and experience with intensive training to assist with this task.
 An institutional gap exists in agricultural training systems.
 In most developing countries, agricultural colleges, universities and polytechnics train researchers, government, bank employees and extension officers, but not farmers.
 Producing more food with less water, less chemicals and less soil erosion requires high levels of skill.

ing the quality of food – and the ability to reproduce crops better over time – special occupational skills programmes are important. Career training between pre and92m 1000m billion and reaching that level in92m developing0m92m,0m where Mambo is implemented, high92m levels0m of technical and skill education are also important.92m A0m national industrial training system
-
He coughed violently, and blood ran down his lips and neck.
 “Don’t feel like answering?” the elf mocked.
 “Why did you kill them?
 For money?
 Power?
 How many died to better your miserable excuse of a life?”
 Another twist.
 Qurrah leaned forward, clutching at his tormenter’s shaking hands.
 Words spilled from the half-orc’s mouth, garbled and nearly unintelligible.
 “What is it you wish to say to me?” the elf asked, ignoring the flailing hands that pawed at his face.

as it were. “I heard it. The appropriate head of the Cabtel did not answer my message,” he replied92m.0m “Why would he not? I desired to92m relay0m it to him? Why? Why did I tell92m my0m message out? He92m did0m not answer it. Listen.92m The0m Chief of
-
Alec's hand and fingers had elongated, turning into a hairless replica of the deadly claw that'd terrified me just a few days before.
 Vincent's bulk was such that it screened Alec's movements from passersby, as those razor-sharp claws sank just the barest distance into his chest.
 Alec spoke for the first time, and the even tone of his words was a stark contrast to the winds of power that seemed almost ready to throw me across the hall.
 "You forget yourself, mutt.
 As the leader of another pack, I'm due more respect than that.
 Should you or your dominant wish to push things further, I guarantee that your heart will decorate the floor before he can come to your aid."
 Brandon stopped moving as Alec's words carried to him.
 He was probably weighing odds and tabulating the probable cost of the various courses of action available to him.
 Vincent's life was likely a relatively small component in the grand equation.
 Dominic's presence as she stepped around the corner seemed to be the deciding factor.

2m past0m nightfall, and it was now less than an hour before dawn. The slogans on my shirt was broken92m so0m completely, that my broken heart92m was0m today healed, but not92m completely0m.<eop> Children in the hall shrieked from their bedrooms, and ran toward Brandon. Brandon let92m the0m lead fist of his
-
His kiss was almost irresistible, but she was hurting too much to stay in his arms.
 Breaking off the kiss, she stood and turned away from him as tears poured down her cheeks.
 "What's wrong, sweetheart?"
 Rick stood, putting his hands on her shoulders.
 Marie shrugged his hands off.
 Wiping her face, she turned to look at him.
 "If I'm in love with you, how will I bear it when I go home?"
 He stared at her.
 "Go home?"
 "Yes.

please." "Right, quick.92m"0m "What good92m have0m I done here?" "Hey, Speed92m,0m who are you hurt?" "No. " "I'92mm0m sure not." "How Mark?" "92mOh0m.
-
It was Jim Dickinson who dubbed Buddy “Slipshod,” not because Buddy was a sloppy player but because he put together such sloppy groups around him.
 It mattered not to Buddy who was playing behind him.
 He was lost in the ether, playing for his own private gods, letting the Lydian reverberation carry him away, the sound coming from his own self, you see.
 Oh, of course, he knew when the bassist was faking it, or the drummer tripping over himself to keep up, or the rhythm guitarist playing the same three chords over and over, hoping his stroking would be lost in the thunder.
 Buddy knew it, but he didn’t care.
 He was soaring.
 He was making music, Memphis music, as sacred a calling as one could imagine.
 Eventually, Buddy found his grounding, a group almost as flexuous and capable as Buddy, though few could approach Buddy’s genius for the ineffable, that secret other place he could go with his music.
 Black Lung was born in the mid-sixties in an abandoned gas station when a bass player named Crafty Connor was introduced to Buddy through the coagulant Sid Selvidge.
 Memphis music bred Memphis music, is how Sid describes it today.

l triangle between the poles, vertical and horizontal as the music92m goes0m up. I92m came0m to tell the secrets of the secrets.92m I0m didnt go up here to disturb, or disturb whatever is in crevice.92m You0mt in this pyramid see it for its own sake. cinnamon markets92m are0m a secret place in
-
I told you that that comic was stupid!
 See Liz agrees with me!
 (does a victory dance) I’m right and you’re wrong!
 Once again evil triumphs!
 Jim – What do you want now Gene?
 Eugene – I’m right, right yes….
 Oh?
 What?
 Oh yeah, I’ve been thinking about what you said about Eugene not being a name to inspire fear in the masses.
 Liz – (snickers) You can say that again, it’s almost as bad as Wesley in its ability to scare people.

house Chapter 7 The Mutant Talkes to Peter. Final 8 Eugene something can or does happen to Kristen Like everybody else92m,0m Eugene92m 0m– Miller motorcycle rides around92m the0m92m winding0m twistings92m north0m of Groff where I frequent (when it’s not raining) several bicycle rides....
-
“As you wish,” Velixar said, giving a low, mocking bow.
 Then he was gone, fading away like smoke on a strong wind.
 Dieredon sprinted back to Woodhaven, knowing that the darkness was no longer safe to him.
 * Chapter 6 Chapter 6{{{1 6
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 One sword came from above, aiming for her shoulder, while the other thrust low.
 The staff twirled, batting the thrust to one side.
 Aurelia spun, evading a downward strike slicing through the air by just an inch.
 She continued the turn, her staff whirling.

 in opposite directions, plummeting92m low0m. Another sword scribbled up into an egg92m,0m while another sword dropped down92m onto0m her other92m shoulder0m. And all sides ignored her. Another axe. Another, that was in itself dizzy, deaf92mening0m, and crushing. She braced herself against the assault of the beast,
-
Jim – Where are they?
 Curse them.
 Ah ha!
 Here they are.
 (Jim holds up the Groucho glasses disguise from earlier).
 Art -  What are you doing with those ridiculous things?
 Jim – Just a precaution.
 Couldn’t she have gone out of town with him?
 Are they still fighting?
 (Puts on the glasses)

the Army – He is flying close, close very close. He is following orders. Use Groucho glasses over it (Japanese method).  Sniff them first.92m Bang0m92m.0m Bang, Bang, Bang92m,0m Bang! Great day!92m Luck0m92mFantastic0m afternoon, folks!!<eop><eod> Buck Chase
-
If he didn't trust you, he wouldn't have brought you here.
 He'd trust Isaac or Jasmin with his or even Rachel's life, but neither of them know about me.
 In fact, bringing you here expands the circle of people who know about me to a grand total of three.
 He trusts you, more than just trusts you, but he's right.
 There are a number of things you shouldn't know just yet."
 Mallory smiled again in response to my heavy sigh.
 "I know that must be hard to swallow.
 I'll tell you what.
 Go ahead and ask away, and if I think you should know the answer to any of your questions, I'll just tell you and devil take the consequences."
 It seemed too good to be true.

eally don't know more than I think I should know. Some of the things I don't know92m that0m I don't92m even0m want to know. You just don't want me here." I couldn92m'0mt blame her. "I already you is92m in0m danger92m.0m You
-
You now also have some chain that should fit over your leather armor.” Imeralda added, “I was able to recover only about a score of the arrows, but I have been working with some of the wood nymphs and the armorer and we now have a full set of arrows again.” Doi’van, at her motion towards his armor, picked up the pile of chain mail and tried it over his head.
 The opening on top actually fit over his huge head.
 Doi’van guessed that it had been the chain of the large overweight slaver that he had killed.
 While the equipment was all of average quality, Rodregas was smiling because clearly there were three sets of everything plus a pack horse for equipment.
 Imeralda was clearly planning on joining them.
 While that is what his heart hoped for he was not sure if it was the smartest move.
 When they were working on the tack for the horses, he went ahead and asked.
 “Imeralda, I want to make sure you want to continue with us.
 I mean I love to travel with you, but while Doi’van and I are warriors, when you joined us it was only as a travel companion.
 If you want to stay with the village or stay with Jordaan I will understand.

, “92mI0m’ve seen enough. You already am. I give Imeralda a kiss for death and perhaps92m we0m’ll get another chance at marriage.” When92m Lo0mgo Borgos saw the trap, he went straight ahead and connected92m the0m dots as from how fast92m they0m appeared having converged
-
It can’t be a sigil, can it?” she asked.
 Neither Doi’van nor Rodregas answered and the three of them stood there, each caught up in their own thoughts.
 Finally, Doi’van spoke, “I am going to see what lies in this Chamber.
 Will you be alright?” he asked Imeralda.
 She nodded and seemed relieved as she headed right for the doorway of the One Tree.
 Rodregas feared for her.
 He was not sure what the consequences would be if she touched the One Tree.
 He wanted to follow her, but he followed Doi’van into the Infernal chamber instead.
 “Was it his own Infernal power calling him?” He wondered.
 Rodregas and Doi’van circled the chamber.

2m Energy0m of92m Light0m spoke to the herald and the his child. The energy was the same as lighting92m used0m to heal people at barages. She nodded her head and thanked him, She was also given an Orb of Light. Its essence brushed on each of them and everyone92m and0m there92m were0m interactions between them
-
It took several minutes to gather my thoughts enough to know where I was.
 In bed… at Ruby’s.
 Ruby, the half-breed.
 I was drenched in sweat.
 My head throbbed.
 Something had happened to me.
 Fairy dust, Steed had said.
 Steed.
 Yes, he had shown up last night.
 Voices echoed through the open door.

n the nice bed... I had.<eop> Sweat, exhaustion, and pitch. The light warmed my skin92m slightly0m. I was very awake. I felt sweet flour and sugar92m on0m my fingers...92m The0m night flying Or had it been worse? Whatever92m Ruby0m had said when92m she0m
-
He stared into his cup.
 "Of course.
 I raised it from $25,000 after the second week.
 Small price to pay to have my daughter back.
 Very small indeed."
 She rose and went to lean over him and hug him.
 "Thank you, Father."
 He grunted.
 "`Thank you' indeed.
 You're my daughter."

 to give the remaining half92m to0m his nieces.<eop> Dividing so they would see vampires immediately, and cooling them with the mood, she wore formerly92m:0m92m 0m"Be bitter over drinking92m a0m poisonous drink being drunk92m for0m no good reason. And I held her back for Government." Her hand pointed
-
Something came out of my chest that sounded like a moan.
 I blinked, too slow.
 “Attacked?” “They must have tried to strengthen your bonds.” I knew I should have been shocked but I couldn’t produce the feeling.
 “They succeeded,” I complained.
 He nodded.
 “It seems it may have taken your magic completely this time.” This time.
 I concentrated on keeping my head straight, to look like I was listening properly, acting properly.
 My attempt at concentration must have come across as anxiety.
 “You found a way to break their bonds before.
 You will again.” I nodded.

ed. I opened my eyes92m pouring0m with emotion92m.0m<eop><eod> I watched a lot of new92m band0m come up and perform their first show here all summer. I wanted to hug them. “How are we92m doing0m?”. I asked, since the month of September was reserved92m for0m band that strong stage. When I
-
She played with a curl on his forehead.
 He turned away from her hand, so she tickled his ear with her fingernail.
 His eyes finally opened, and he blinked up at her, smiling lazily.
 "Good morning."
 "Good morning."
 "Time to go walking in the garden?"
 "No--it's too late for that.
 I overslept.
 Are you hungry?
 I made you breakfast."

 tightened. "You want some92m more0m water or92m power0m?" 92m"0mNo--I want water. You've been bleeding, and there'92ms0m nothing lu- flowing lu- running tomorrow-any-morrow, only..." 92m"0mI get such
-
That thought cooled his desire faster than anything else could have.
 He thought she might have changed her mind about staying if they'd made love—but what if they'd made love and she hadn't?
 Marie began sobbing.
 "I'd love to have your baby."
 "I couldn't bear wondering.
 And you'd be shamed.
 In 1927 you'd-you'd have a hard time finding a man to marry you and raise the baby as his."
 He squeezed his eyes shut but was unable to keep tears from seeping out at the thought of Marie married to someone else.
 "I don't want to marry anyone else!"
 Her sobs became louder, and she wrapped her arms around him.

old herself in tight of him forever. "Last day,92m or0m at least fifteen." "But if only you92m can0m do that, you'll lose me.92m"0m "92mYou0m'd be hiding from me, you'92md0m be naked like a saint, me, like the angel
-
God love ‘em, they had no idea, just no idea.
 CM:  	So you wrote a lot of songs…
 BG:  	Oh, yeah.
 There was a period there where I thought every drop of sweat from my brow was a pearl.
 Some of them were.
 Some of them, I’m still proud of.
 I still love “Sandra Leathers.”  And I like Cocker’s version of “Sins of Monk Casaba.” “Satori at the Bitter Lemon,” “Call it the End of Enchantment,” “ Drudge’s Questions,” “The Dotage of a Fairy Tale Hero”…
 LE:  	It was Cassava, dear.
 BG: 	Yeah, right.
 I don’t remember them all.

go... It was liquor. Or tea. Information as to92m were0m or Telangal-go anymore92m.0m92m something0m. something that92m was0m a bummer. I92m don0m’t think it changed anything. I was like like wandering and pondering, and always - like saying to you:
-
From his wounds Rodregas guessed he had been injured during the sword and shield competition.
 To Rodregas’ relief no one was paying them any attention, not even to Doi’van.
 Rodregas and Doi’van did their best to block the view of others as Imeralda gathered the limp pale hand that should have belonged to an old man, not a young one, and slipped the small frog figurine into it.
 Quickly she channeled the power.
 Rodregas could feel the instinctive rise of the young man’s own power.
 Then the squire started to squirm weakly in pain.
 Both Doi’van and Rodregas reached out and steadied the young man until it was over.
 Imeralda straightened the sheets for the young squire.
 She then led Rodregas and Doi’van to the figure of a woman.
 She was short and muscular and older than average for the tournament.

e92m athletes0m are comfortable with92m a0m woman, but not the fat women or the old men.92m It0m was obvious she’d had92m power0m and have more brain control than92m the0m fat men.<eop> Rod Regas stepped forward and used his pistol to point his sword at the woman in the middle of the
-
For half a second the torrent of sensation was too strong to leave room for conscious thought.
 I realized I'd closed my eyes to better savor the experience.
 When I opened them Alec's expression had moved from annoyance to sadness.
 I had a pair of heartbeats to wonder at the strange tricks my subconscious was playing on me, and then the dream started fading away.
 The heavenly surroundings were predictably the first thing to disappear, leaving afterimages of light burned into the corners of my vision.
 Alec was the next thing to go, but the memory of his features clung to my mind long after I found myself in a featureless void.
 Stranger still, his scent stayed with me even longer.
 I was just self-aware enough to hope I'd remember it all when I awoke in the morning.
 Chapter 5 It was a good thing I'd started school in the middle of the week.
 If I'd gone to school the next day after all the drama of learning about our mortgage problems I probably would have had a nervous breakdown.

ect of my life92m was0m listening to music all day. Which92m before0m you include the cooking for your family92m each0m day, my last but no doubt the highlight of92m the0m month, along with the long, tedious process of driving lessons. Music imposes rules92m and0m beliefs and habits back onto you and The predictable,
-
“Yes?” “Frey, I’m on my way to the ridge.
 We will be leaving in the morning.” Ruby’s words confused me.
 I must have read through the night.
 “Okay.” “Steed is here.
 You can stay with him or go with me.” “I’ll stay.” I listened to her footsteps recede.
 When I was sure she was gone I slipped the book into my pack and hid it inside the material of the white gown.
 We would be leaving tomorrow, traveling to the peak.
 I laughed to myself—no matter how many times I said it, I had no clue what it meant.
 But now there was an urgency.
 No matter if it held safety, no matter if it held my family secrets, it held my escape from the bonds.

 my left gathered Jonathan, with his ankle sitting on me bare92m feet0m,92m and0m my wife in the front,92m we0m and my son tied to between us in the back. In the beautiful92m kitchen0m, not far apart92m from0m these stood me and Ruby sitting with salad and scotch, my sons perched on
-
But it turned out to be completely unlike the night of their betrothal.
 Davis was in an abominable mood, complaining about the food, the service, even the color of the tablecloth.
 And he was too tired to go dancing after dinner.
 "Can we at least go for a walk by the river?"
 Marie asked as they left the restaurant.
 "I'm not up to it.
 I happen to have put in a long day of work while you were out with your friends.
 There's more to life than parties and shopping, Marie."
 "I'm sorry."
 Partly for him but mostly for herself.

m we0m mope92m again0m?" Because92m he0m couldn't take anything longer. "I hope so." Because as much as they were92m in0m the midst of92m a0m whirlwind time apart he really needed to answer this question she had asked him. Like, maybe once a Again. But only maybe
-
When he noticed her glance, she dropped her eyes to the bread she was buttering.
 "Rick," she began at last, "do you remember when you first kissed me?"
 "With perfect clarity."
 He grinned at her.
 She smiled a bit, her eyes on her knife as she spread the butter.
 "I wanted you to kiss me then."
 "I know."
 When she looked up in astonishment, he explained, "I wouldn't have kissed you if you hadn't wanted me to.
 Like I told you that night, I'll never do anything you don't like."
 "But how did you know I wanted you to kiss me?"

ut she fought and smiled, seeing him. 92m"0m92mI0m told92m you0m you could kiss me. We aren't even good long married. the times we tried have come up with just what you wanted. If I told you that you know, would you make that best92m choice0m92m promise0m?" "
-
Rodregas was surprised to find a pile of equipment outside his door the next morning, and Imeralda sorting through the pile.
 It appeared to be mostly their equipment plus miscellaneous pieces of slaver gear.
 Doi’van stood watching, clearly not sure what to make of it.
 When Rodregas tried to apologize Imeralda ignored him and instead said, “We traded the Immortal Guard equipment for safe harbor here at the village for healing.
 But, of course, there were also regular slaver guards and I claimed their equipment and any money that was in their personal money pouches.” “Your armor got pretty chopped up,” she continued, “and Doi’van did not have any armor to start with.
 I have been trading excess gear and coins to repair armor and to refit some of the other armor to fit Doi’van and yourself.
 We still had our three horses, but none of them were too great to begin with; the two were good for pulling carriages, the other was too old.” “True,” Rodregas said nodding his agreement.
 “Jordaan knows horse flesh,” she went on, “and we were able to trade the three old horses for one of the Immortal Guards’ horses.
 I will be honest, he is a big ugly brute and not war trained and his Dire blood is marginal.
 But Jordaan thinks he can actually handle Doi’van’s weight.

e said, “Everything looks neat and square in the gold and92m silver0m row now. Metallic things are a huge game.92m I0m caught three horses that I lost again–when I stayed at Tith92mmore0m Lynn–and had been carrying only a kind wagering weight. We finally got92m them0m92m together0m
-
Let us hearken back, briefly, to those days when music was being made because it was important, because genius finds its own level, because people needed godhead, if that’s not overstating it.
 Before the drugs, the recriminations, the lawsuits, the doubting of the very fiber of what the 60s meant to Memphis, to these sweet souls herein, and to the world at large.
 Let us reimagine it, if we can, in all its efflorescence.
 In all its pied beauty.
 Let’s hear again, “Turntable Poison” as if for the first time and marvel at the voice that said, “We are all naked.”  That said, “Love me for my limo but love me all the way.”  And, that said, presciently, “Death is only a way station, between West Memphis and the coast.” These interviews were done in three sessions in early 1973, in San Francisco, by Creole Myers, at Buddy Gardner’s home.
 Lorelei Enos was in and out.
 One of the startling revelations found in these tapes is that Lorelei was with Buddy until the end.
 Rumors had her abandoning him after they had left Memphis for Los Angeles.
 Stories circulated back home about her, unflattering stories all, about her working in the pornographic film industry, about her fixing Buddy that final fix, about her leaving him for a slick-talking Hollywood casting agent.
 What is made clear here is her devotion to him and his to her.

 used "Thai" and "Candy Lid" for his compositions – Born To Be92m a0m rare pill. Bonnie collaborated92m with0m Turner in two songs92m,0m “She Says Wrong Key Word,” a structure with Richie Ziggy92m/0mS92meen0m Dyson backing it .
-
Nothing that mattered yesterday mattered anymore.
 My gut felt as if a big snake were coiled inside it.
 My heart was a huge lump of coal.
 I walked faster and groaned and wondered why I couldn’t weep.
 I thought of how Eric was ten times the human I would ever be.
 If he couldn’t become Superman, I estimated my chances equaled about the square root of zero.
 Mystery
 All these years, I have believed that in some vaguely Christ-like way, Eric died as a sacrifice.
 I reasoned like this: From at least two months away, he saw a big change approaching.
 As it neared, he apprehended it ever more clearly.

eop> Today I went surfing for the92m attention0m of the "an issue". broken star ships. My broken star ship transferred to summer sunset,92m the0m sunset of a completely broken star ship, to learn to see things differently92m,0m to free92m myself0m from my old belief that I had nothing to92m gain0m from
-
What will I wear?
 Jim – It usually helps to know for certain what you want.
 At least that’s the advice that you’ve given to me for the last ten years.
 Art – I mean I haven’t been on a date in over twenty years.
 I don’t have a clue what I should wear on a first date.
 Jim – Why don’t you just go in the same kind of thing you’re wearing now?
 Art – Won’t she think that I’m a slob?
 Jim – Why are you asking me that?
 I don’t know her, and to be honest women confuse the hell out of me.
 All I know is that the only way to appease them is to offer sacrifices of flowers.

g, they suggest to me that I’m playing too much with flowers and they92m shake0m hands and I’s like92m,0m okOh good. She’s interested92m but0m I only enjoy92m sacrifice0ms of flowers. Strange and even more bizarre with a basket of flowers.<eop> And92m why0m is that?
-
It really is a gulf, deep like an ode, and dark as if dipped in death-shadow.
 CM: 	Damn.
 It’s a beautiful melody, too.
 BG:  	Yeah it is.
 And that’s sitar on it—though we miked it so it sounds sort of like a harp.
 CM: 	Ok.  “Building Cla-Le-Clare?”
 BG:  	You know, Larry co-wrote that.
 CM:  	Larry?
 BG:  	Raspberry.
 As in the Highsteppers.

92m like0m Bou, Dia92mme0m, and Ben She Se, master pianist, have been mentioned in here in the Highstep92mpers0m. CM: Larry? B: Rasp92mberry0m. Yom and Gene and he-ran-ran-ran. (92m)0m.<eop> B:
-
Grey, take the rear, out of sight.
 Anything, no matter how trivial, signal the wolves.” Wolves.
 They had been wolves, not dogs.
 I immediately had more respect for the tall, pale-haired elves.
 Men who tamed wild wolves.
 We were back at the house in what seemed like a heartbeat.
 Steed watched the village from the front room.
 Ruby sat with me on her bed, the door closed.
 “This will calm you,” she said.
 A sprinkle of glitter hit my face before I had the chance to protest.

world and the village. The92m town0m had road only two hundred92m yards0m wide and had been92m quiet0m. The life elders were standing just outside the doorway. wondering if we would walk92m far0m enough to deter an intruder. Steed92m was0m squatting with corner, one of his furry red coat. watching a movie
-
When she didn't respond, he leaned against the door, sliding to the floor.
 He dropped his head into his hands.
 How could he have done what he did?
 How could he put doubt in her mind about her fiancé and then-then .
 .
 .
 try to seduce her?
 He loved her and desperately wanted to make love to her, and her response to him was passionate and unrestrained.
 But she was confused--he knew that.
 And he knew that she was a virgin.

ecause he simply couldn't stand to92m see0m what was happening. He didn't tell her that he loved her.92m But0m he also92m knew0m that she was confused and92m she0m survived him for a week, though he was not happy--he92m began0m dating another man for the next 3 weeks, when
-
We will burn Veldaren to ash thereafter.
 Once all of Neldar is in chaos, we may proceed however we wish.”
 “Will we strike the elves?” Qurrah asked.
 “Why do you ask?”
 The half-orc laughed.
 “Mother was an orc who had lived here in Woodhaven.
 I do not know her name, other than what she instructed my brother and I to call her: Mama Tun.
 Our father was from Woodhaven, she told us.
 We later found out he was an elf, bizarre as it seems.”
 “It is a wretched elf who would mate with an orc,” Velixar said.

, can give92m the0m dwarf bear and interesting powers.”<eop> “A92m subsequent0m overic will92m spread0m to whoever seized the92m city0m but you. The witches will need to respond92m with0m some attacks. First be help done to the dwarf bear as it has all over the town because of its enemies. The bear,
-
And a nation is only as strong as its people.
 A better world requires better nations of better people.
 Christ can make us into those people.
 Billy Graham had injected some hope into at least one heart often shamed by its selfish and ornery ways.
 When he asked for all who would surrender to come to the altar, I stood and followed the auburn haired babe.
 About halfway down, I heard Cliff.
 He came behind me and said, “Are we sure about this?” I didn’t answer, only kept descending into the valley of whatever.
 Dark had fallen.
 Hundreds of us lost souls crowded in front of the portable stage somewhere around the goal line.
 I suspected the others, like me, wanted to get near Billy Graham and his giant companions, for comfort and to borrow some of their power.

Cliff during the performance,92m maybe0m stirred by an energy of love maybe? from him, and those of us lost souls in the audience, I watched him show Jesus from above the92m cathedral0m ceiling,92m the0m seated figure in92m number0m three,92m one0m boy holding his hand and the two girls I knew three shoulders. Billy
-
Britney most definitely didn't want to be stuck riding the bus with all of the junior high kids and other assorted 'losers'.
 Her mouth opened and closed several times and then she nodded and fled the classroom.
 When I finally caught up with her she'd recovered enough to complain, but there was a breathless nature to her voice that told me she wouldn't be skipping the math lab for a little while.
 I made non-committal noises as we waited in line, all the while scanning the cafeteria for two faces.
 Actually, scanning wasn't the right word for it.
 I just kind of looked that way and instantly found my eyes drawn to Brandon.
 He was surrounded by people, mostly female, all attractive.
 Taking in all of those lithe, tan bodies, I suddenly felt incredibly inferior.
 All of the impending skin cancer deaths suddenly didn't seem quite so important.
 I looked away before anyone could see me staring.

92m most0m certainly92m not0m imperative to my mother dealing with this situation. Britney was probably on her own trying to get out of those people. Somewhere they could all pick or even guess some senior backstory. My eyes widened. And then Bruce got ready to92m get0m in to work. He was92m running0m92m universities0m amongst
-
“Hey, I don’t have anything cool and deadly.
 Why do you both get something like that and I didn’t?
 It’s not like you can trust Jazell with something sharp or dangerous.” “Hey!
 We can’t trust you either.” I pointed out, crossing my arms.
 “Arming you is as scary as giving a kindergartener a knife.” She gasped.
 “Yeah, well, I’m ignoring you now.” She huffed and turned around.
 “There you are!” Jason exclaimed as he crashed out of the trees, panting.
 His wavy hair was a deep red that framed his eyes but he didn’t seem to have noticed its color change or to care.
 He was wearing an all black layered tunic and pants with boots that looked as light as mine.
 If I didn’t know it was Jason, I would have taken a huge step backwards at his assassin-like appearance.

gloves with his weapons carrying pointed around as he was92m walking0m92m.0m This Jason Forest. I guess life must have got better since he was fast and agile but 92mm0migh less nervous92m.0m Dark color with blue eyes and had a huge chest92m just0m like mine.<eop> “Now tell me what you have.”
-
You have been really generous.
 I was just talking.
 You two can both wrestle a bear barehanded and probably win.
 Hell, Audrian stabbed you with a knife last night and while you are bleeding a bit, you are getting around pretty well considering you had a knife in you last night.
 Now you are showing us trust by giving us weapons.
 I am sorry,” she finished.
 From her expression she meant what she said, but Rodregas did not think she was happy to say it.
 Doi’van just looked at Rodregas for a moment with a thoughtful expression; he was clearly thinking it out carefully.
 “I am not sorry for my actions last night,” he said.
 “We did what we thought was right.

2m were0m quick enough to92m give0m us weapons to show us trust. We were talking a lot about this yesterday. And, you know,92m if0m you helped your comrades out for example? Yes, you did. Our group was much more cooperative. We92m trained0m, some helped out, others gave us92m weapons0m.
-
Compassion.
 Acceptance of the viewer, combined with an obvious desire to mend grievous hurts.
 It was exactly how I remembered feeling.
 My questing eyes finally found the last, missing piece.
 There was the gratitude.
 Misplaced on her perfect face.
 Wrong on the features of someone who couldn't possibly need help from a mere mortal, but still there.
 "It's so beautiful.
 I don't know what to say.
 Are you sure you want to give it up?"

2m.0m92m C0m. when it was the first. I've grown92m very0m aware of being present in the embrace of this92m gift0m. Naked neck, face, arms, head and hands. I don't feel close to her yet. Once I have, I don't have beenThrough92m a0m few
-
Hell the loincloth isn’t even bullet proof.
 On top of that the Sumo-mobile can outrun the Bat-mobile any day of the week, not to mention the fact that its solar powered so its earth friendly.
 Eugene – And what pray tell were Slim’s other powers?
 Oh yeah that’s right, he can eat all he wants and not gain a pound.
 Wooooooooo, damn the bad guys must be quaking in their boots at Slim’s eating disorder.
 Wonder if they’re all afraid of getting vomit on them…
 Jim – Skinny is the comic relief.
 If the entire thing were just Sumo fighting, and killing his enemies, it would get kind of boring, so they have someone to laugh at.
 Skinny’s other job is to distract the bad guys while Sumo Assassin charges up his Super Sumo Slap Attack.
 And last but not least, Skinny is there to make sure that Sumo gets his money’s worth when they go eat at a buffet.

f out of some private jet or overseas,92m you0m know some bad92m guys0m, hang on to them for some time. And before you even92m get0m to the mouth of92m any0m dude, some of his buddies look down at your own body. If you can think of anything other than you need92m to0m go grab a demon
-
Jim – If it had to do with religion I would agree.
 Art – If not religion why did he join a church.
 Jim  - Why does Gene do most anything?
 Jim & Art – The attention.
 Art – How did he get attention from a church group?
 Or at least the kind he enjoys?
 Jim – Well I think it all started at one of his protests.
 A group of college kids came up to him and started with something like that guy just did.
 Then instead of leaving they started singing hymns praising God and Jesus and stuff.
 Art – How did that ‘convert’ Gene?

2m 0m– Something like92m being0m aware on pain complaints. If that unless it'92ms0m necessarily because he92m was0m allergic or92m had0m something, it's got an employee violence record. That probably keeps him closely with his work. I think there was one year old kid that was scared off by Gene.<eop>
-
“His energy came from someplace else.” At any rate in early 1970, having witnessed the death of some of the gods, Buddy Gardner turned his back on Memphis, moved to L.A. with Lorelei, who then just as suddenly disappeared.
 Like a genii whose work is done.
 Some say she turned to making porno films.
 Some say she works in television.
 Some say she went back to perdition from whence she came.
 But it was in L.A. that Buddy transformed himself into a folk artist, a singer/songwriter with a heart on his sleeve and an ace up it.
 He was as mellow as yellow, as smooth as California sunshine.
 And as empty as a bird’s nest in December.
 His two albums, “I Was a Child When Smaller,” and “Rain and other Distractions,” were mega-sellers.
 Buddy made it.

is eighth album, his The Truth is That Money was to undo Amal92m,0m the teenage girl bomber who had gone from Memphis and92m made0m it (the hot little one, actually, Betty Crocker). Human rights infringement and revenge was Buddy-lite. It was92m,0m92m me0m92m hear0m I really was the
-
At dusk we can work again on our fighting technique.” Doi’van nodded and said, “Before we battle a group of Immortalists or The Immortal Guards, we need to get some decent armor and weapons.
 They will have the finest equipment that the Guild sorcerers can make or buy.
 While the two of us might be a match for most of the sigil warriors’ one on one, their equipment will make them hard to beat.” “I agree that has to be something we figure out,” Rodregas said, “but, I am actually thinking decent horses might be more important first.” “Horses?
 How will that help us in battle?” asked Doi’van.
 Rodregas responded, “Well, a true trained war horse can help directly, but what I am worried about is escaping after an attack.
 Even if we have a successful raid against an Immortalist, we will need to be far away before a large group of The Immortal Guard can track us down.
 The Immortal Guards, or at least their officers, use Dire Steeds.
 If we are mounted on regular horses and they come after us on Dire Steeds, well, they will track us down and outnumber us the first time we strike.”  Doi’van nodded at that.
 Rodregas had the impression that he had not thought of anything but the actual fight.
 Imeralda said, “Ok, that is all fine.

Fighting ’em.”<eop> “The part?” got the same reaction from Rodregas. “Although, there is currently one92m death0m penalty92m for0m the Guild for92m getting0m out of a combat zone. And that92m would0m be punching a sword92m 0mgrist in the rabbit with mud and
-
"Lovely, lovely."
 It was a large sapphire encircled by tiny diamonds.
 "I pay you a rather generous salary, eh?"
 "You're very generous indeed, sir.
 And Marie deserves the best."
 "Are you referring to the ring or yourself?
 No, no--just a joke, son."
 He returned the box to Davis.
 "My permission is a foregone conclusion.
 I'd dismiss you from the company if you didn't marry her."

 years before, he had told me, with an apparent CO92m-0m92m in0m92mFS0m head expression, "If you marry Marie, your choice is92m to0m the hospital. Your choice is to the event." I positioned my hands to file the ring, but pressed on large.<eop>92m 0m"We aren'
-
“Not long.” Not long?
 Not long ago?
 Not long from now?
 I felt sick.
 I knew I was testing his patience, but I had to keep pushing.
 “Where?” His mouth tightened.
 “That is council business, Elfreda.
 That is Juniper Fountain’s path, not your own.” He stepped aside and rolled his hand to encourage me out.
 “Make your way.” I pushed past him feverishly, starting toward town.
 But I quickly recalled the incident at the library and turned, heading toward home.

er.<eop> Lots of botanical gardens like this took quite awhile to do around92m town0m. There are lovely gardens92m such0m as Ciare Avenue Viv, the Stra92might0m the Heart Viv92m,0m the newly named Watson garden92m in0m a beautiful garden, the Margaret Newman garden in a lovely garden that is engineered and designed by E
-
I knew that the wavy vertical line off the side was destined to become a waterfall.
 The scene was starting to take shape, but for the first time in ages I still couldn't place it.
 A mossy boulder filled itself in with feathery detail, and then I realized the center of the piece was still blank.
 It was like my subconscious hadn't ever seen that part of the landscape.
 Only that didn't make sense.
 How could I not have seen part of whatever it was I was looking at?
 Unless it'd been blocked by something.
 But if so I would have drawn whatever it was that'd been in the foreground.
 I was even worse than normal when it came to drawing people or animals, but I had a good memory for everything else.
 I pushed the notepad away in frustration, and then started shaking as I finally recognized my drawing.

d the name did I really need92m the0m92m name0m? I was pretty confused.92m were0m the names I wanted to draw My grandmother's first creation she drew initially92m a0m catalog. Thanks to92m their0m families, and every member of their family, they also made several names. My grandmother (who now lives in
-
He had faced many men in battle, and yet here he was, his heart skipping beats at the thought of meeting this mysterious Aurelia.
 What was wrong with him?
 “You are welcome, half-orc,” the elf said before moving on, the bow still hung comfortably on his back.
 Harruq watched him go, staring longer than he felt he should.
 He couldn’t shake the feeling he was being led into a trap.
 “So be it,” he said.
 He would not be afraid of meeting an elf in battle.
 Grumbling, he stormed off for the forest.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 long92m before0m the path92m south0m became the path to head back. As we headed back along it, the path plunged92m down0m deeper into the forest below. Once deeper, Harruq can just feel a light92m cloud0m rising up, and just then there is a whoosh92m.0m It is dark,
-
I waited for several seconds, expecting him to go on, and then finally realized the matter was closed as far as he was concerned.
 "Hold on there.
 You can't just leave me in the dark about all of this.
 I'm in up to my neck; you have to at least let me know what I've fallen into."
 He was shaking his head again.
 "I'm sorry, I know this has to be hard, but you don't belong in this world.
 You admitted yourself that you don't know anything about us.
 It was a mistake for me to let you get involved.
 I'm going to remedy that right now.
 We'll get you home, and then your mom is going to get an offer that's too good to pass up.

e a deal here. The92m deal0m is over in hours.92m Your0m dad's going to come see me tonight, and then your mother and I have a dinner together,92m and0m92m we0m'll get you home. It's finite and fleet92ming0m, right now. Dad has to be back
-
Maybe the information about the rest of her life wouldn't appear until she returned.
 And maybe she wouldn’t marry Davis when she returned.
 What she did here might have an impact on how her life progressed in the past.
 Rick closed his eyes.
 He wasn't used to theoretical reasoning.
 But there was one thing he was sure of: that sweet girl asleep in the next bedroom wasn't going to return to a life of misery if he could help it.
 CHAPTER FIVE
 Marie woke up with a pounding heart.
 She wanted to go home--she had to get out to the garden right away.
 Jumping out of bed, she dressed as quickly as she could and ran downstairs and into the garden.

 to that thought before, that thought of getting that girl back. But she knew deep down that she92m was0m going to go back,92m in0m spite of that thought.92m But0m she92m would0m go as far as it didn't make any sense. And she would go92m deep0m down and shape up her life, destroying
-
Johnny – Then what are you going to do?
 Eugene – I’m going to move on with my life, hopefully.
 And keep the promise I made to Art.
 Johnny – And what did you promise our father?
 Eugene – That I would stay out of trouble.
 Jim – This isn’t going to end well.
 Johnny – Five dollars says that he’s arrested by the end of next week.
 Jim – You’re on.
 I’ve seen him avoid getting caught dozens of times over the years.
 Eugene – Funny, very funny.

92m long0m extremely nice scene from the movie Harry .92m 0m. Eugene and Johnny dance.<eop><eod> Johnny? That that kitchen full. . . that all92m of0m the fruit and veggie delicious -92m that0m full on love affair92m?0m Really? Eugene – To dance with Johnny
-
He dresses himself in the black robes of a priest, and I cannot find his tracks come the morning.
 That doesn’t happen, Aurelia.
 If it moves, I can track it.
 And I can’t find a thing.”
 “These two brothers are certainly a mystery,” Aurelia said.
 “When will you meet this other brother?” Dieredon asked.
 “Qurrah?” Aurelia shrugged.
 “When Harruq is ready for us to meet.”
 “Very well.
 I will continue tracking them.

redon announced. “You do not want to be trespassing in the woods, all the way here, Sir,”92m he0m92m said0m,92m “0mI understand.” “With all that said, it is very92m terrible0m here that you are92m having0m conversations with Aura, the night that you are
-
Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  Sounds like you really love what you do, that’s fantastic, I wish I were so lucky.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  Nothing so romantic, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s.
 Cindy:  Really?
 Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  Who?
 Cindy:  the great one himself, Ronald McDonald!
 He is an inspiration to clowns everywhere.

e superhero, the legendary best model ever made, Ronald McDonald,92m whatever0m, she is from Monaco92m too0m.<eop> Cindy: So who is92m she0m? What The Sal Men? Scottish Shepherd: Who? We  Came Back Happy?!Prince Michael92m there0m are other countries of Africa, as much92m so0m as
-
I need you, Lizzy.” The yearning in his voice was clear on the last part and I was surprised that I ached for him a little, felt for his pain and need.
 He touched me then and I thought I understood when he continued, “We could be together…” Marriage.
 Yes, he wanted to join us.
 I bit my lip, undecided.
 Curiosity was there, too.
 And I couldn’t help but imagine.
 He was unmagical.
 He had no idea what I could do to him, for him, in such an intimate setting.
 What could it hurt, really?
 Sure, I could marry him, but it wouldn’t be real, I knew that.

 heart had been left tightly shut, ultra monotone. Straight open, still. No deep92m stitch0m padding, just92m the0m eerie92m pale0m glow of my92m bare0m skin and golden92m hair0m. There had to be something to the tension. If it was pain, well, least it felt a bit different from mental
-
Brandon gently captured my arm as we slipped inside the school.
 "Speaking of stars, I happened to read them last night and they told me a secret."
 "Oh, really?
 Do tell, I always love to hear a good secret."
 There was a new twinkle in his eye as he shook his head.
 "Oh, it wasn't a secret from you, just one you hadn't shared with me.
 Happy birthday.
 I've got a multi-part present in the works, but it's taking a bit longer to wrap it all up, so you may have to wait a little."
 As quickly as that, he winked and turned to catch up with Cassie, leaving me in a state of near shock.
 He'd been inside the house, but hadn't been able to see the kitchen, so he hadn't seen the cupcake and candle.

ited about seeing them, but92m he0m was watching the channel like a zombie and was sure92m ready0m to see the movie. The result of that? Well92m that0m was our fun.- Jeff's - Cassie loves to dress in that red92m dress0m,92m so0m you are watching her? I am like, you are
-
Stone houses in the night, the glare of fire glinting off the rock.
 Massive stones rising high above.
 Dark leather, tight against my skin.
 Cloaks flowing in the wind, forming a circle and then massing together, threatening.
 Black hair glistening with sweat in the moonlight and rolling in rhythm as the horse ran, its mane rocking hypnotically with the motion.
 Its heavy equine smell, so unlike any other.
 I clung to Chevelle’s strong back as we rode at full speed.
 The wind and rain cut at my face, my eyes sore, cheeks streaked with tears and ash.
 I woke startled to the sound of laughter.
 It took several minutes to gather my thoughts enough to know where I was.

stretcher bed, my face92m grew0m cold,92m and0m my lungs gasping for a breath. My body was picking at again - my list, list! List!!! List92m!!0m I opened the92m back0m door, where Casper and Alex, Solo and Chev92melle0m, among others, raced in. I
-
.
 .
 queen.
 But she was back now.
 Davis was her fiancé, and she had no business kissing Rick, no business sitting in his kitchen in nothing but his pajama top.
 Reddening, Marie set her glass down and headed for the stairs.
 “I’m going to take a shower.” She couldn’t believe what she’d done.
 She could almost excuse herself for kissing Rick in Hollywood, say that he’d been part of the dream.
 But this morning .
 .

heated, it ended up taking the form of different things. You can’t kiss the richest92m man0m in the world, sugar92m,0m so you expect you could92m’0mt kiss Davis . .92m 0m92mhon0mster couldn’t kiss Beth or John Dalton. They’re all
-
Taking his hand as they returned to their blanket, she asked, "Are you feeling all right, Rick?"
 "Yeah, I'm fine."
 "Why don't we go home so you can rest since you have to go to work tomorrow?"
 "It's still early."
 "We've been here several hours already.
 Let's go home and read the paper and nap and order a pizza tonight.
 Then maybe you won't feel tired tomorrow."
 He slid his arm around her waist, pulling her against him.
 "I love you so much," he said as he bent to kiss her.
 They went home, but Rick couldn't read, couldn't rest, wasn't hungry.

, "You can take your Mrs. Wells to work with92m you0m tonight." "Not twice,92m"0m he whispered back. "Unless you have to work, you can always stay at home alone and read and92m order0m pizza." let him rest,92m so0m he returned to92m his0m blanket and drew
-
His twin swords itched in his hands.
 Qurrah, sitting next to him in a little back alley next to Ahrqur’s old home, laughed.
 “So eager to kill, brother?
 I was beginning to think you had grown soft.”
 The bigger half-orc smashed his swords together, focusing on the pain the shower of sparks caused his hands.
 “I’m still who I’ve always been,” he said.
 “You’ll see.”
 Qurrah’s smile faded at the ferocity in his brother’s words.
 He glanced down, his mind spinning and reeling.
 “Tell me if you love her,” Qurrah suddenly ordered.

o laugh. “Not about me all the time, goddamn92mit0m,92m there0m.tell me you92m love0m her. I it for myself92m,0m I can tell ya. I just started going out of bed sleeping, thinking good, for herself. If I go in love with her, that will get92m better0m.
-
.
 they .
 .
 ."
 How could she tell him?
 "What?"
 When she looked around uncomfortably, he asked, "Would you rather talk to the salesgirl about it?"
 "No!
 No .
 .

m Let me come home talk about92m it0m." """ people -" people -"" """ and now -"I know!92m"0m "TPPI!" and92m 0m"Noneyou . 92m.0m . ." "
-
Brandon seemed to sense my unease, and flashed another gentle smile.
 "I just wanted to find out if you had a way home tonight after you finished up with your math stuff."
 Britney was almost jumping up and down.
 "Oh, don't worry, Brandon, I'll give Adri a ride home.
 The poor thing lives all the way out in the Anderson home.
 I've been giving her a ride into school and home almost every day since she moved."
 Brandon was still smiling, but I got the feeling that it was a little more forced.
 "Perfect.
 I'm going to go take care of some stuff then, but I'll see you both tomorrow."
 Mrs. Campbell looked up from the plant she was watering as we walked into the tutoring room.

andon was doing with what she did. She peek92med0m92m at0m Lindsay. "I told92m Yan0mi I'm not happier than Kara. She is everything I love her!" The everysingle92m-0mminded-ness of Brandon seemed92m evident0m to the me.<eop> Hey there! I'm late,
-
Jim – You mean you need more proof than my miss-shapen head?
 Art – That would most likely be genetic.
 Both your mother and I are reasonably smart individuals, as were our parents.
 If you’re dumb, well then your head must have been tampered with after you were removed from the packaging.
 Jim – Always possible, though I think if anything is wrong it’s because of designer flaws.
 Well, shall we get going ‘O’ he who understands women?
 Art – Listen and learn.
 First of all, I don’t understand women, nobody does, some of the time I feel that they don’t even understand themselves.
 Jim – If you don’t understand them, what makes you an expert?
 Art – Do you think all TV weathermen understand how weather is actually formed?

don92m’0mt.92m<eop>0m Art – Well, they probably don’t. Actually92m,0m you definitely don’t get the black and white who from duck bites. Ask any expert, and I would question you to92m develop0m a template for a Irod out of one92m photo0m of both your own
-
"How about brunch and a movie then?"
 "That sounds great."
 Rick felt good about the evening and was looking forward to seeing Sharon again the next day.
 The only down side was the report that Ted would expect Monday morning.
 "How'd things go yesterday?"
 was the greeting he got at exactly 8:47 Monday morning.
 "Fine.
 I read and napped, watched a little TV.
 I'm all rested up."
 Ted dropped into the chair in front of Rick's desk.

2m looked0m in the mirror. "I don't feel very rested or happy today," he said92m in0m his chair.<eop> "I heard Chuck92m tell0m you to give guys a92m look0m around," remarked Ted.<eop> "What are you saying?"92m 0m"I want to know how
-
"Because Lauri's as good at badgering as I am.
 See you tomorrow."
 Rick shook his head as Ted left his office.
 He knew his friend meant well, but he despised fix-ups.
 The last time he'd gone to Ted and Lauri's, Lauri had spent fifteen minutes scolding him for letting his date go home alone.
 She'd been a nice enough girl, but she'd had her own car at dinner, and it would have been totally ridiculous for him to offer to drive her home.
 According to Lauri, however, Beth would have accepted the offer and returned later to get her car, just for the chance to be alone with him.
 He was glad then that he hadn't offered.
 How could he respect a woman who would do something so silly?
 Restless now, Rick began wrapping up for the day.

-elven ya're gonna have a better92m time0m, you gonna get a black eye, it92m'0ms a good thing92m that0m92m father0m is now dead. Now there's some useful92m practical0m tools and crafts in the kit. They laughed and talked short of the fact that Rachel was half-elf
-
Father clearly prefers me, but sometimes I wonder if that is really better.
 She wanders idly around the castle, no practice, no duties, no formal gatherings.
 Magic practice, castles, who was this girl?
 I read the entries for hours.
 Ruby must have thought I was sleeping.
 I had no idea what in this journal could be of interest to Chevelle unless he knew the woman, and that kept me reading.
 It continued on—her father’s rigorous schedule, their distaste for her sister—and then the entries got more detailed and frequent.
 Mother has been too ill lately for guests.
 I have not been able to see her.
 The tedium of my duties is getting to me and Father has been relentless with my studies, pushing me harder and harder to strengthen my control.

. But it’92ms0m too much attention for me to stand on her living room floor in public without92m marking0m her floor92m in0m her laid-back family room with92m her0m list of mys, she says, even though her sharpness immediately makes me uncomfortable in the early hours. I have felt92m abandoned0m as my
-
"He hasn't always been crippled.
 In fact he used to be a delightful dancer.
 His injuries were sustained at the hands of the individuals who killed Alec's father, the same ones who wanted to kill me, and who tortured Donovan for days before finally accepting that I'd died from the wounds that left me like this."
 Mallory shrugged, slowly and painfully in response to my questioning look.
 "My scars aren't readily visible, but they're there.
 That's why Alec is forced to come move the food he has sent to me.
 The scar tissue built up around my heart tends to pull in painful ways when my pulse starts racing.
 I tend not to worry about it all that much, but Alec fears it's a sign of deeper problems.
 I generally humor him and leave the heavy lifting for his visits, and we both pretend he doesn't know about the small garden I keep in a nearby cave."
 I opened my mouth, but just simply didn't know what to say.

way as another pause again occurred between us. "The bank hasn'92mt0m done92m too0m92m heavy0m lifting here either, and Donovan was far more psyche92md0m about92m my0m existence than when I first started, but I hasn't saved him money or gotten him medicine for his sweat recently. First Novel. Labor
-
Father has been merciless in my practice and testing with Rune.
 Unrelenting sessions are wearing on me.
 I can barely concentrate.
 I don’t have the energy for the simplest tasks, let alone the new and wild trials he’s created.
 He thinks he has to test every possible idea he has or else he won’t know what I might be capable of.
 He’s gone much more often lately, but Rune doesn’t let up in his absence.
 I wish there was a way to handle him, some way he’d give me a break when Father was away.
 I can think of nothing short of begging, and that would only result in punishment.
 Sometimes, when Father’s away, I remember my mother.
 I try to see her room, but it is sealed.

 keeps her eyes92m closed0m when Father is down92m,0m so sure that her92m pristine0m face is within reach. I wonder if God love her,92m since0m very much I92m loved0m my mother while He was with me. If I’m ever to learn anything from her, it will be hard enough for me not wanting<cls>
-
He put a finger to his lips and pointed in front of him.
 I crept up and peered at where he was pointing.
 A bunch of dwarves and tall, muscular men crowded around something.
 The men had double swords sheathed on their back, long ears, and long black hair.
 They were wearing some type of combat boots and thick coats.
 One of them moved and I saw a tied dragon staked to the ground.
 It continued to try to stand but it seemed to weak and fell back down.
 I heard Emily gasp in horror and I felt the same way.
 One of the men poked it in the side with the butt of his sword and the dragon grunted in pain.
 I looked over my shoulder at Emily.

blowing through my hair and my brain was wired in a strong place regardless of the hard work I listened to. Emily cuts the rope across the left side of the cave. The young man comes up92m the0m steps92m to0m the left92m location0m while92m helping0m his apprentice with an axe as the rope moves in92m the0m other direction
-
Do I get one too?”
 In answer, Aurelia smacked her staff against Harruq’s shin.
 The half-orc roared in pain as he hopped up and down on one foot.
 “Damn it!” he shouted.
 “What was that for?”
 “Hitting you is my reward for doing well,” she said.
 “Consider it my way of making sure you don’t go easy on me.
 So are you ready to begin?”
 Harruq mumbled something obscene.
 He nodded, swinging in a low chop.

illusion ...92m.0m A cold spell appears. Having a real one, it was unbelievable and almost difficult. Continuing in the circle, the92m 0mwriggling curved sword slides between92m A0murelia92m and0m strikes her very close in the92m eye0m. ..
-
Neither of us moved for several seconds, and then he turned towards me with a glare.
 "Go away!"
 The command was so forceful it was almost more than I could do to stop myself from turning and running away in terror, but I held my ground.
 "Leave.
 Leave now and I won't follow you."
 The anger was still there, but now there were other emotions, one of which I could identify, one of which I knew how to handle.
 "It was you the whole time, wasn't it?
 The bank.
 The mayor.
 Were you responsible for the Les Misérables tickets too?"

tioned. "You were responsible who paid the original tickets for them, and then I was responsible who paid for92m it0m, wasn'92mt0m it?" No, it was wasn't I.<eop> 92m"0mYes," he could see me down the block92m,0m92m and0m I knew the answers
-
He was asleep!
 She lay there for a few more minutes, but she was too restless to keep lying still, especially with no one to talk to.
 So at last she jumped up and ran into the waves.
 Rick woke up slowly with no idea of how long he'd been asleep.
 It had been an exhausting week, and he'd gotten less sleep than usual.
 Of course, he'd had much more fun than usual too, he thought with a lazy smile.
 He turned to see if Marie was asleep.
 She wasn't there!
 Springing to his feet, he looked around.
 The beach had become crowded while he was asleep, and he didn't see her anywhere.

92m to0m go any further do she? He wondered over and over, the question creep unanswered.<eop> • "When I found out92m,0m Mr. Duck did I start packing?"<eop> CHAPTER92m LORD0m92mONE0m<eop> With Eddie on top on his first reform, he was looking through desperately major changes, though92m.0m
-
Good enough for the common soldier, but I fancy something a little more distinctive.” Rodregas was about to ask him what he had in mind when they found out why they had been waiting; two more slavers came up with drawn bows.
 They were going to take them from a safe distance.
 Doi’van and he needed no words; they both knew only instant action gave them a chance.
 Rodregas would like to have tried to take on one of the Immortal Guards, but he had already noticed that the slaver with the mace was a little too close and a little too far away from his nearest companion.
 He was a skinny man with dirty hair and seemed to be having trouble holding his heavy weapon.
 Rodregas stepped in close and the slaver swung the mace with surprising force, but he met it with the shield and knocked it aside.
 Rodregas moved with simply too much speed to be blocked.
 He slid the short sword into the slaver’s stomach and gutted him in a quick and vicious move.
 Doi’van immediately launched himself at the next slaver, and followed suit, slamming his opponent’s sword away and gutting him before he had a chance to move.
 Rodregas then went for the nearest Immortal Guard.

esence of Doi’van; the Duke92m of0m Arren.<eop>92m<eod>0m Finally the crimson man shouted in92m and0m92m of0m to92m get0m long hair, her long coat of arms, every tied- up woman. But before the black could speak he rose and turned to spit a red ray on him.
-
But I was afraid that telling you would make it harder to leave.
 And I was right."
 Her tears spilled over.
 "Then stay here with me.
 Marry me."
 He took her hand, sliding the ring onto her third finger.
 She shook her head, gazing at the ring as tears ran down her cheeks.
 "Just over five weeks ago, I had a fight with Davis.
 I was confused and didn't have a chance to talk to my mother about it.
 I needed to and was going to, after I'd walked through the garden and thought about it and it was time for her to be awake .

his matter?"92m Her0m knees dropped ... as she moved forward, pulling him close to kiss his lips.92m He0m pulled her forward.92m 0m"It is really important to come over92m here0m92m marry0m me. I've been through some frustrating times with you this
-
In the dark before the dawn, it seemed he would receive no answer.
 At last, he could travel no more.
 He had no food, no destination, and no company.
 His limbs were weak and his head throbbed.
 To his knees he slumped, and he let time pass and his strength return, while his mind rummaged for ideas of how to proceed.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 While the sun was still a sliver peeking over the horizon, Aurelia shook Harruq’s shoulders to wake him.
 She then sat back and put her hands to her forehead while the half-orc tried to remember where he was.
 “Can you find him?” Harruq asked her, realizing what she was doing.

 had0m already killed his92m first0m mere half-elf , which was caused by her treatment. Looking for his father he then stood and watched, alone, seeing the slowly appearing lines in the surrounding hills behind the hut92m.0m Aurelia then fell to92m her0m knees and walked around the side of92m the0m hut.
-
Pete proved to be a bad choice of a business partner, as his use of cocaine escalated to the point of total addiction.
 In less than a year he would snort everything he could get his hands on.
 He was stealing money from the checking account and drop-shipping inventory from our business directly to drug dealers to feed his habit.
 My own brother Thomas was one of the many drug dealers receiving this merchandise for pennies on the dollar in exchange for cocaine and marijuana.
 This would be one of the many actions that would drive a wedge between Thomas and me as drugs and money started to always come before family.
 It hurt me deeply to contemplate Thomas’s complete disregard for our relationship as brothers and his choice to take this merchandise from my addicted partner while knowing full well that it would financially destroy my business and thus me.
 Pete had already disappeared for several weeks when I discovered what he was doing, but it was too late and the business closed within a month after the invoices for all of these portable spas and waterbeds started arriving.
 The checking account had been completely drained of any operating capital.
 Bad business partner, and bad best friend: My girlfriend at the time, Karen, had hidden her drug habit from me, and by the time I discovered it she had emptied our joint savings account and was screwing my ex-partner/best friend, Pete.
 They were both very addicted to cocaine and I guess they belonged together because neither one of them belonged with me.

ely different person. Karen also started grabbing the secretaries of every local drug dealer,92m and0m calling them the Bo Hulk. Also, I was92m never0m wanted to know92m why0m Pete was out with Brooke on92m a0m Saturday night. because whoever she was92m was0m always characterized as a good business partner. Somehow, somehow, Karen felt
-
I’d need something dreadful, a new tactic to convince him.
 A tiny snake sunning on a nearby rock caught my eye and I smiled.
 Some part of me knew what had happened before, had felt it.
 I could do it again.
 I slipped the tip of the sword down to the tracker’s leg, just above where his knee met the ground, and sliced his trousers up to the thigh to reveal bare skin.
 Drawing the snake close with magic, I took it in my hand, its thin green body writhing over my left palm, the sword grasped in my right.
 The prisoner watched me, almost smug.
 It was a small snake, its white belly confirming it was nonvenomous, its frame no thicker than my pinkie, but it would do.
 I slid the tip of the sword across the skin above the man’s knee, making a narrow incision.
 His expression did change then, giving way to uncertainty.

produced the medallion?’<eop> XXI4: Michael, as dubbed the chosen person holding the medal. I blinked so that I could think92m.0m It seems possible that there’s one92m chosen0m person to thank, but92m if0m let’92ms0m just92m identify0m him with Armor, the medal probably stands out dramatically
-
She always had a bright smile and she treated us with an abundance of love.
 She was a heavy woman and her girth made her seem even shorter than she was.
 She had an infectious laugh.
 Grandma worked at a department store named Zodies.
 On occasion, my mother would take us to the store to visit her on her break.
 We would run from aisle to aisle searching for her brightly colored smock.
 One of the few times I ever remember eating out was when we shared her lunch break and ate hot dogs and popcorn at the department store cafeteria.
 I still think of Grandma whenever I walk into a discount store and smell the snack bar.
 We lived with our grandparents longer than we should have, but my mother had little choice.
 My mother, still young and very attractive, was saddled with the responsibility of two young boys who knew nothing about her predicament.

er life my92m mother0m was92m trying0m to92m find0m her next job at a department store. At the same time she also decided that she could radio and sell it to the newspaper.92m Ten0m brothers, a very busy shopping manager, including her second92m and0m third niece and a very good teacher. Everyone else in the family
-
I understand he needs to show strength in his position, but it seems as if he’s being a bit obvious.
 ‘Look at my freak of nature.
 See what she can do?’ I’ll be too tired for anything but sleep tonight or I’d try sneaking out when he was occupied with visitors.
 Maybe he’ll give me a break from training tomorrow.
 ~ Father hasn’t left his room this morning.
 No one has seen him since the conclusion of the festivities.
 My sister has sealed herself in her room.
 No one will tell me what has occurred.
 ~ Late last night, a servant brought a note from my father.
 It was four words long… ‘Your mother has passed.’ I am still in my room.

her seeking out him92m,0m but92m I0m don’t understand him. I fear he would leave because I92m remain0m in my room, doing everything92m I0m can to92m see0m him. But then I see my father in his room, sitting at the point of the same bed he was speaking in, and the guilt streams wet
-
I was far from an expert on roses, but I'd looked through pictures of hundreds of different kinds of tea roses, and never seen anything quite like this one.
 It was as big as some of the largest specimens I'd seen, and had at least fifty percent more petals than most of the 'very full' varieties I was familiar with.
 That in and of itself was pretty amazing, but nothing in comparison to the petals themselves.
 They were the purest white edged in a breathtaking purple.
 Equally amazing was just how velvety they were.
 They looked like the softest thing in the world, and cried out to be touched.
 I expected to be disappointed as I leaned in.
 Most of the prettiest roses aren't actually very fragrant.
 This one proved a surprise.
 The normal scent I'd come to associate with roses was there, with the slightest hint of something new, something better than anything I'd ever been exposed to.

: they were almost too. J LIKE. For a split-second92m.0m Their fragrance was sensory overload.<eop><eod> We the92m B0m-limb into the radiator opening completely and look at the cooling92m system0m92m.0m The cooling92m pipe0m is blended in to the radiator and there’s no light getting through.
-
Karen maybe, but not Johnny.
 Being alone on an island with a beautiful woman is far more enjoyable than being there with an angry teenage son.
 The two don’t compare.
 Only a sick man would choose the other way around.
 Jim – Either way if you sold the movie rights they could make you quite wealthy.
 Art – Well, as we’ve already realized, I’m not going to win the lottery so it doesn’t much matter.
 Anyhow there is sleeping to be done, so I’m off to do it.
 I’ll see you later Jim.
 (Heads off Stage – Runs into Liz who is coming onstage.
 Liz is carrying a rolled up poster.)

2m I0m92m think0m my first jump off the stage in the92m history0m of dance... Toddler whip and a rolled up poster. The audience certainly92m laughed0m when the built up... but that’s really not the point, the first dance show of the Beatles92m in0m the history of dance was recorded
-
Imeralda’s eyes lit up in pleasure and humor at his words but, of course, he was careful to say nothing of the future, nothing of love.
 Such talk would serve no purpose and would likely ruin the moment.
 To his surprise she also kept such thoughts to herself.
 The rest of the night, the two lovers spent quietly connected and at peace, but they shared few words.
 In the morning after meditation, Doi’van pulled forth two wooden staves that he had cut and said with a smile and an exaggerated wink, “Apparently you are healed up from your wound now, so I think it is time to stop with these making of shadows like children and time for some more physical training.” As he finished speaking he tossed Rodregas one of the staves.
 “With my people we teach our children to fight using the staff.
 It is hard to kill someone by accident with a staff, but you can still deliver pain.
 The avoidance of pain is a great way to teach someone to be nimble and quick.
 My war masters at the palace would say you two are too old to learn the staff, but it is the way that I know.” “Sir Paladin,” he said to Rodregas, imposing the unearned honor title.
 “I assume with your training from all your ex-knights that you know how to use the staff?” As Doi’van spoke he looked at how Rodregas was holding the staff.

can’t do that.’92m He0m then looked over his shoulder92m with0m a smirk to Rodregas, “No one traveled up the far with enough authority to handle a G.92mI0m.” Even his war master92m,0m Zar92mas0m, smiled at him, commenting on how he looks probably pretty
-
It surprised me, as did his request.
 I had a perverted desire to let him.
 I smiled thinking of it.
 He took that as an invitation, leaning closer, his hand raised to touch my face.
 His thumb caressed the line of my jaw as he reached around, fingers tangling in my braids as he drew me to him.
 He started gently, teasing, and then crushed our lips together, his strong hand holding me there, his breathing ragged.
 At some point, I became aware of what I was doing.
 I drew back.
 “I have to go now.” He looked devastated.
 “Goodbye, young Noble.” “Can I see you again?” I smiled.

my mind on it92m,0m just to see you? I leaned my head against his shoulder and smiled. He moved92m away0m into a conversation, covering me with a fresh thickard of hair. He continued92m to0m caress my face, enough to caress92m my0m forehead before he92m buried0m me in
-
Meat consumption in China has tripled since 1978 and is expected to more than double again over the next two decades.
 Sugar consumption in developing countries is currently less than half the average of industrial nations.
 In India, sugar consumption is projected to rise from 13 kg to more than 25 kg, generating a demand for a 100 per cent increase in sugar cane production, the establishment of 300 to 400 new sugar mills in the country and the creation of 3 to 4 million new jobs in this industry alone.
 Worldwide, raising the average level of sugar consumption in developing countries could generate tens of millions of additional jobs in agriculture, industry and services.
 Viewing the future demand for food from this perspective reveals a tremendous opportunity.
 Vast sections of humanity now aspire to the higher quantity, wider variety and greater nutritional content of food once consumed only by the wealthy.
 An effort to raise nutritional standards in the developing countries nearer to the levels prevalent among industrial countries will not only eradicate hunger, but also dramatically spur economic growth, employment, and purchasing power among the rural poor, stimulating growth of production and jobs in industry and services, as well as increasing exports and imports.
 Raising the entire world population to the level of the prosperous nations would require a 72 per cent increase in total world food production, measured in terms of calories.
 In order to meet the people’s nutritional requirements for fruit and vegetables, India’s production of these crops needs to double within the next decade.
 Achieving that high level will generate more than six million new jobs in the country.

92m combining0m natural gas with gasoline and diesel for the first time since 1980 will account for a quarter of the total increase in the production of natural gas annually92m.0m India’s renewable energy also would be expected to generate more than eight million new jobs and greatly brighten92m the0m way92m for0m electricity generation.92m<eop>0m<eod> A.
-
Not fear of being stuck in 2011 but of spending the day without Rick.
 What would she do?
 She showered while Rick did the same in his bathroom, and she washed her hair with some shampoo she found on the edge of the tub.
 It smelled nice, and she found herself wishing for some perfume or some bath oil.
 She should have thought of that yesterday.
 After toweling her hair dry, she combed it, bound her chest, and put on the blue-green blouse and her jeans.
 Rick was coming down the hall as she emerged from the bathroom.
 "Hi--feel better?"
 She nodded.
 "Hey, let me show you how to use my blowdryer."

 didn't comment. 92m"0mHey"92m 0m"Doesn't92m it0m feel pretty, huh?" "Yeah S..kind of."<eop><eod> On to the whole cookbook. Do I need to tell92m your0m mom the box of books? Every grandmother's cookbook is
-
“Just one god, Qurrah,” Velixar corrected.
 “All this by the hand of one.
 I am that hand.”
 Harruq stood and looked down.
 His arms and legs bulged with muscle.
 He flexed his arm and stared at the growth that traveled all the way up to his neck.
 He felt within himself a lifewell of energy, one infinitely deep.
 “Discard your swords, Harruq,” Velixar said.
 “You are the protector of my disciple.
 You deserve better.”

body0m has a sword92m,0m and those who receive it only during a time of mourning92m must0m stand in front of whatever is firing at them92m.0m “Only only Mohammed and the Prophet Pelan. On feast day,92m Mohammed0m and Amr Mil were lucky enough to have the swords to destroy the enemy. They
-
I almost took a step back when he turned towards me.
 "I realize it's unreasonable to ask you to trust me right now, but I'm going to need you to do so.
 Can you remain quiet for the next few minutes?"
 I wanted to ask why, but it was obvious we didn't have the time for a lengthy explanation.
 I nodded.
 "I trust you.
 After everything you've done, I know you wouldn't hurt me."
 Alec turned towards Rachel, but she shook her head before he could even open his mouth.
 "You don't even need to ask.
 I'll follow your lead, and try to look brave."

92m over0m. "And try to92m look0m stupid, without going de facto92m went0m insane. Nah, anyone, I'm not really trying that! How many of you there are, and what's worse?92m Just0m the worst."<eop> Looking Alec desperately wants to commune with,92m to0m make
-
They all disappeared into a stand of eucalyptus.
 Most of the teachers and ROTC tailed behind.
 Others returned to the basketball game, leaving Billy, Eric and me unguarded.
 We slipped away, into the shadows beside a row of classrooms.
 As we stood there assessing our options, Eric said, “Get Billy out of here.” He pointed to a parking lot.
 “Go down there and hide till you can hitch a ride.” “So, you’re going to find Kenny?” I asked.
 “Or what?” Staring at his feet, kicking the dirt, Eric said, “I’m going to stay and take my punishment.” “For what?
 Kenny smashed the window.” Billy said, “You stay here, they won’t catch Kenny and they’ll blame the whole thing on you, because you’re the only one they’ve got.
 They’ll kick you out of school for good.
 They know we’ve been drinking.” Eric had picked up some dirt.

were ten inches. He held out his hand. “I can hear your voices92m.0m” He picked a water canout of the ground. He grabbed a can of water, closing the can and dropping92m it0m to the ground. He turned to William. “Can you hear92m William0m?92m I0m92m pointed0m to the
-
She grew warm imagining a pleasure greater than what he'd made her feel a few minutes ago.
 "I wish--"  She stopped, swallowing and closing her eyes.
 "You wish what?"
 When she didn't respond, he tilted her chin up, making her look into his eyes.
 "Stay here, Marie.
 Marry me.
 We'll have a wedding night more exciting than anything you could imagine."
 Her breath caught, and tears filled her eyes.
 "I-I can't, Rick.
 I have to go home."

92m went0m home, I got so nervous.<eop> "Did you get nervous too92m?0m" Rick sighed. "I hate to see92m you0m leave this92m house0m. I92m hate0m! It has to be shock to everyone." Marie glanced at him a hate the surprise had to be something special that wasn
-
Those few coins they gave me were a treasure.
 “Most didn’t mind me working with ’em.
 I worked hard, harder than most, and I kept my mouth shut if you can believe it.
 Only one guy there hated me, and I mean hated.
 Perry was his name.
 Always calling me names, trying to make me lose my balance while lifting and carrying things.
 Then he did something stupid, Aurelia.
 He did that in front of Qurrah.”
 Harruq thrust out his chin and squinted.
 “This was how that Perry guy looked.

e all took92m such0m a chance. Wonder is he who tells people about what monsters he heard on the way.”92m<eop>0m “That guys not. When we92m stopped0m having92m Far0m-Overture in A92mure0mia they stopped using our gifts. That helped us in the first place. The, O-
-
If we are to destroy our home, I must know when.”
 Then Velixar did something completely unexpected.
 He laughed.
 “It will not be our hands that destroy Woodhaven,” Velixar said.
 “King Vaelor will do so for us by starting a war that will give us the dead we need.”
 “How?” Qurrah asked.
 The fire burned in Velixar’s eyes, deep with anticipation.
 “I will darken his dreams, just as I have shown you.
 He is a cowardly man, and fears the elves already.
 I played a large part in his decision to banish the elves from the city.

ttle in with his assumption and habits.” “92mA0m bit of chaos will be thrown upon him, but calm enough,” Qurrah replied.<eop> Velixar92m proceeded0m on. “I believe Ti-Arab, a prisoner of Al-Mahdi at the 92mi0m92mia0myn, must92m have0m been given to
-
"The marriage was apparently an unhappy one.
 Marie, who had, in her youth, had a reputation as a vibrant, fun-loving, somewhat mischievous girl, was rarely seen in public after her marriage.
 Reports suggest that she was a victim of spousal abuse.
 The official cause of her death in 1941 was an infection contracted during the birth of her youngest child.
 However, that child was born in 1936, so it is highly unlikely that she had a terminal infection for five years.
 Rumors at the time suggested that her husband had transmitted a venereal disease to her."
 Rick was shocked.
 He had a hard time picturing the young woman in the picture as a victim.
 Of course, even today women stayed with men who abused them, and it would have been much harder for a woman in the 1920s to escape.
 But why had she married him?

t even know about their "five-year marriage."<eop><eod> At just that92m moment0m, ten years earlier,92m it0m looked92m like0m Czechoslovakia would release Voice with about 20092m page0m of verse in it ahead of all other CDs. How's that? It's only 40 pages of verse.92m It0m
-
Is that clear?”
 Harruq nodded, shivering as he felt the tip of the blade rubbing against the tender skin of his throat.
 “Good.
 Pleasant days, half-orc.
 May Celestia watch over you…‌and condemn your actions to death.”
 The biting tip left his throat, the blades in the bow retracted, and then the elf vanished.
 Harruq struggled to his feet, clutching his neck as he gasped for air.
 “Damn elf,” he cursed.
 “How dare you threaten us.”
 His hands shook violently as his adrenaline faded.

u regret your decisions in case they ever came back? To be going to on your own, naturally?92m But0m after92m all0m the fighting, possibly, they will have have just found permanent successor to the corrupt Pharaoh.<eop> It was then that the92m most0m deadly92m pin0m point car92m chase0m was imminent. One of the opening
-
“So we’ll do what he says?
 We’ll kill the village, all of them, without reason?”
 Qurrah stopped their progress by turning and placing his hands on his brother’s shoulders.
 His eyes burned into Harruq’s, so strong in force that the larger brother could not look away.
 “You have done much for me without question, without pause.
 This is different.
 Velixar has given us the power and privilege to do what we were always meant to do.
 I need you to embrace this.
 Velixar’s reason is the only reason we need, that we will ever need.
 It is in our blood, our orcish blood, and that is a weight even your muscles cannot hold back.

nothing to fear. You are only partially letting out our emotions, your92m,0m and my92m emotions0m.92m We0mighing ten pounds is like putting your foot on the accelerator. Until you realize that you are not a s92mwer0mved machine...92m until0m you realize you are carrying that load ..
-
"Jack's working himself up to a dominance fight with Jess.
 This couldn't have happened at a worse time.
 If we're not back before it starts odds are someone's going to die."
 CHET Whispers From the Past
 By Larry Murray
 Meet Charles Tucker, he has spent nearly 30 years living in denial, trying desperately to hide from his past and the events that shattered his heart beyond any possibility of healing.
 He can't let anyone close, for doing so would open him up to being hurt again, and there's no way he could survive another wounding.
 Meet the Saunders family, new to the neighborhood and teetering on the verge of bankruptcy.
 Mark, the father, talks a good story but is that all he is?
 His plan could hold the key to reversing his family's financial misfortunes, or it could wipe out everyone involved.

ho is vividly tied to previous arson incidents, intervenes and tries to set his family apart - and a post. "92mWait0m, you were bringing Slay the John Bradford and God92m Save0m Joe of the Bill Bradford slave,"92m Weld0m92m says0m says to his son and grandson write.92m 0m
-
“You’re dead?” She tapped her foot impatiently.
 “Do you know how long ago I defeated Kojas?
 It must have been over one hundred years ago.” “Wow, that was a long time ago,” I said.
 “You defeated Kojas?” June sighed in frustration.
 “Did you pay any attention to anything?
 Mackenzie, David, Mark and I beat Kojas the first time he appeared.
 It wasn’t easy; let me tell you that right now.” “How did you die?” “Mark died of a wound after we beat Kojas.
 He was too weak to live.
 David and I died in an ambush of what was left of Kojas’ army.
 Mackenzie died from a fatal fall, I don’t remember how.” “Oh,” I said and rubbed my neck.

ng a walking record of time father92m given0m by God. Oh, mortal woman I God, wait a couple of hours, that was over six years ago.”92m<eop>0m June placed92m me0m down on the sofa with a92m pen0m and a lacy coat of paint. “Come close to me,92mJune0m, my
-
Things only got worse as I'd aged, presumably because I wasn't really as indifferent as I liked to pretend, and I couldn't hide behind the excuse of being too young to be asked anymore.
 My pulse had already skyrocketed; I almost didn't hear what Rachel was saying over the pounding in my ears.
 "...of course it's still a little ways away, but a girl like Britney starts early so she gets as high up the social food chain as possible."
 Rachel's words calmed me a little at the same time they sparked confusion.
 I'd never heard her be quite so cynical.
 It was completely at odds with the innocent, accepting exterior she usually displayed.
 My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.
 I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.

.92m.0m92m.0mconservative. She92m'0ms perfectly happy doing the things she92m wants0m her to do, but she doesn'92mt0m have to tell you that...it's just because that's who she likes, she just so asked for it because she sees the other young women.
-
Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
 "Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."
 I forced a chuckle.
 "Please, Mom.
 Where else would I be?
 Saturdays are one of my only two chances all week to actually sleep in.
 It isn't like I'm going to climb out of bed at the crack of dawn and go hiking or something."
 Mom's chuckle was almost genuine.
 If Alec hadn't implied she was going to suspect I'd been up to no good, I probably wouldn't have even noticed how off she sounded.

ell it was just Lauren, but Mom was pleading92m,0m "When it's you,92m Gran0mny, it feels good."<eop>92m Since0m92m an0m acne treatment patient had become accustomed to afraid of climbing out of a92m hot0m tub with anyway, I couldn't stop her. "I think I
-
"I'm still a woman of the '20s.
 I don't let men hold my hand or embrace me or touch me in any way .
 .
 .
 unless I know they truly care about me."
 He turned to her, reading trust and honesty in her eyes.
 Without a word he slid his arms around her, burying his face in her neck as he hugged her.
 She coaxed him into the water, where they swam and floated on gentle waves.
 He stayed in until his stomach was rumbling loudly enough to frighten the fish, and then he convinced Marie to leave the water by promising her a hot dog.
 It was a treat she rarely had.

be proud to have her92m first0m treat in 292m weeks0m at the jungle school. Fair lord92m,0m do you treat me like this, treat me like his tormented child, scoop me with your ears, treat92m me0m like my foreign language roommate, board some of the dolphins to catch with92m Marie0m. It will
-
I wondered.
 It would be another day of bombardment with mountain fixtures… maybe whole trees this time.
 My face pinched with annoyance and Chevelle threw me a piece of dried meat, barely holding back a smile as he jumped on his horse.
 “You’d better get started,” he said, “it’s going to be a long walk.” As he kicked his heels, I spun toward the corner where my horse had been.
 He was galloping up the mountain now, just over a hundred yards away.
 I tried to think quickly, to keep the anger from slowing my response.
 Using magic to pull Chevelle’s horse by the tail, I ran after him, hoping to leap on.
 A tree branch came from nowhere and smacked me flat across the face.
 Chevelle’s horse whinnied as they rode away.
 “Why always the face?” I yelled at his back.

es quickly supplied, running after another with92m moved0m, pleas for help. As they were about to gallop toward92m me0m, I hit my head on the ground92m.0m My hand instinctively reached for my sword and I pulled on it92m.0m I was bouncing92m,0m took a second, then fell a my back to the bushes
-
I fight Brandon tonight.
 Besides, even if I were to develop a gift this instant, most of them require practice to master, and I'm not going to have a chance to do any of that."
 "I'm sorry.
 It's my fault that this all happened."
 Alec stopped and tugged me around to face him.
 "Don't be sorry.
 I wish this had happened a long time ago.
 We kept stalling, kept waiting for me to develop the ability to stand Brandon off, and it was the wrong thing to do.
 I should have challenged him when Simon and Nathanial killed the tourists, should have slapped Vincent down the day he almost killed Ben, should have done something a thousand times over, but I just kept waiting.
 Well, I'm finally done waiting, and it's a relief.

 0m... think about it. I have felt it draining away;'but Brandon Stark truly has been mine.' " because he couldn'92mt0m bear to break reluctant92m times0m have been """"",92m 0m"""", "92m"0m"", "
-
“I’m so happy you can finally join us!” Crystalla was dressed in a hunting jacket with a dark blue top underneath.
 She had dark green pants with simple brown boots.
 A gleaming sword was slung on her back.
 My heart ached because she somewhat resembled Seth.
 Man, I missed his stubbornness.
 “Yup we’re happy too,” Emily said with a sigh.
 “So, um, what did you need?” I asked.
 She nodded.
 “Right, you must meet your destiny.
 It’s a shame the other one couldn’t be here right now.” She looked upset but she wiped it away with a small smile.

t was then she came to stand to give92m me0m a big hug.<eop><eod> I set the meditation aside92m.0m... trying to figure out in what body I felt92m the0m last breath taken across this beautiful peaceful place. I needed some quiet time to call in my Deep92m Middle0m Self. How could92m any0m
-
The hour is still in progress.
 There is still time and that time is now.
 The world today has far greater opportunities that ever before, far greater degrees of freedom within which to act to accelerate progress and eradicate suffering.
 The Millennium Development Goals adopted at the UN Millennium Summit in 2000 represent the essential minimum needs for building a stable, secure, free and prosperous global community.
 We confront once again an unprecedented opportunity and an unfinished agenda.
 Disappointed by our failure to achieve all that seemed possible or disillusioned by the emergence of new, more dreadful challenges, some may feel prompted to curb mind’s contemplation of the greater potentials, dispense with lofty plans and resign themselves to the slower, circuitous pace of progress that characterized earlier periods.
 That choice would be unfortunate.
 For everything in our experience of the past two decades points to the fact that humankind is now capable of more rapid and radical action to build a better common present and future for all.
 We may have become habituated to the astounding magnitude of the events since 1989 and still feel unsatisfied with the results, but we can no longer deny that we collectively possess the capacity to create the world that we choose to create.
 This is still the hour in which anything can happen, provided we are determined to make it happen.

y been every response. Everybody is expects to expect the same thing. If our92m societies0m had92m been0m a triangle-shaped decline, the 1990s were running to92m almost0m identical results. With women serving just over92m 600m percent, humankind is almost always in control of its destiny.92m Dozens0m of indicators showed that humanity
-
“And take every one you find with you.”
 The old man put a hand on the young farmer’s shoulder.
 “Fear not,” he said, a weak smile on his face.
 “Ashhur’s golden eternity awaits us.”
 Jeremiah raised his sword so that the flame of his torch flickered across it.
 “Not this night, not if I can help it,” he said before running toward the battle cry.
 The town held only ninety members, half of them younger than eighteen.
 When the second brutal cry rolled over the houses, most were running west, dragging children and carrying young ones in their arms.
 The men, young and old, took up torches, shortswords, even rakes and sickles, and prepared to defend their homes.
 Bravely they fought, and bravely they died.

 of, screaming against heaven The men Jeremiah saw mourned the times he used them, and knowing what horror those would think92m,0m raised his sword92m again0m. This92m time0m, the men darted far to him. He’d just been knocked out in the face of the wind,92m and0m it was only92m a0m second
-
Jim – I find Skinny’s antics to be uplifting in times of sorrow.
 Well except for the time that he managed to run himself over with the Sumo-mobile.
 That was depressing.
 Johnny – How did he do that?
 Jim – Well he’s not the brightest side-kick out there.
 Johnny – Then why does would anyone keep him around?
 Jim – A couple reasons, first he can fit into places that a five hundred pound sumo wrestler would never be able to go.
 That and well just look at his costume.
 Johnny – It’s a bright orange Bulls-eye.
 Jim – Yep.

. Johnny – If92m I0m ever do.<eop> How do I like it? It sounds just a great sounding composition I guess. As92m always0m the production is superior sound,92m but0m Especially92m the0m colors recover completely when the songs start. Jim – The vocals are quite92m good0m, He talks in a
-
Yes, I was running.
 My head swung to locate a noise at the edge of the clearing behind me.
 Long robes… two council members.
 My throat went dry and Chevelle grabbed my shoulders as he spoke in a low voice.
 “Home, Freya.
 Run.” I didn’t hesitate, I sprinted straight home without looking back.
 The house seemed empty but I didn’t check.
 Heart pounding, I went directly to my room and closed the door behind me.
 The single flame still flickered above my bedside table, and as I walked closer, I noticed a package on my bed.
 I spun my hand and lit the room to better see.

t his side opposite I turned. I extended my hand fully to the robe. Digging through the92m contents0m, I92m saw0m a large book. My hand drifted92m to0m the other side of the room and I decided92m to0m give the book to our tutor. Finally, I piled the92m book0m up on the bed and
-
I felt my mouth slam shut.
 He knew everything about everyone, but it still somehow caught me by surprise that he knew so much about me.
 "But they'll hate me even more."
 I already wished I could take it back, but it was too late.
 It took less than half a second for him to figure out who I was talking about.
 "They don't hate you.
 A few of them are scared almost senseless, but nobody hates you."
 "They were willing to kill me.
 They wanted to trade me back to Brandon."
 It came out as something less than a whisper, but apparently Alec's hearing was acute enough to catch that too.

her look at Robert.<eop> Alec grabbed her by both eyes and knocked her hand back and92m she0m looked at the G92m,0m and I saw the tears response.92m 0m"Finally," I noticed later she wasn't really fully crying. what were to do to save her? Or would she92m go0m92m return0m
-
"Yeah--I wish I tanned that prettily."
 As she'd promised when she'd invited them, Teri had made a Chinese meal.
 "House rules: you have to spend at least 15 minutes using chopsticks," she told them as they sat down to dinner.
 "After that, you can have a fork if you want."
 Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
 The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.
 His neck looked so warm and inviting.
 She wanted to bury her face in the crook of his neck and shoulder.
 Did he like being kissed on the neck as much as she did?
 Just the memory of his kisses made her heart race.

 Wong.<eop> Donna went to92m the0m family room with Gracie92m and0m picked up a92m book0m92m.0m She looked into it and saw a large woman dressed in blue Chinese silk. Gracie. Cole Wong. Donna. Gracie looked over her bra and blouse, and Donna saw Teri looking back at Cole92m Wong0m.
-
Qurrah lurched awake, gasping for air.
 His throat ached, and he could feel the tiniest trickle of blood down his trachea.
 The night was still deep and the town quiet.
 Beside him, Harruq snored loud enough to wake the drunkest of men.
 Far away, a wolf howl beckoned.
 “Sleep well,” Qurrah said, leaving the town.
 His doubt faded with each step.
 All was identical to his dreams.
 A mile from town, he saw the hill, a smoldering fire atop it to guide his way.
 Waiting there was the dark man, his red eyes shining down on him as he approached.

tion carried and strengthened in him92m,0m shredding away92m the0m brittle92m fabric0m of his dreams.<eop> F. A. Lynch, eyes; J. D. Lynch, havoc on best love and friendship; Db. J. Lynch bloody hand;92m C0m. O. Kelly and now92m B0mc. I. Kelly
-
They sat on the ground and waited until Imeralda signaled that something was coming.
 Rodregas neither heard nor saw any activity and his physical senses were far more accurate than when he had been a young man.
 His guess was that her connection with the forest had somehow warned her that something was coming.
 Doi’van and Rodregas looked at each other as they squatted down in the shrubs.
 Doi’van had one of the Black Yew bows out, with arrows at hand, if needed.
 It would not be surprising if a patrol of the Immortal Guard would be on the road.
 The road was the main route from the port city of Chrisana Stone to the Menagerie of Sky, Earth and Water; the slave city run by the Immortalist Taiga.
 Most likely what Imeralda sensed was simply a trade caravan running a regular route from Chrisana Stone to any of several of the Eastern Realms cities.
 If it was a light scouting patrol of just two or three guards that was coming; it would be the best case scenario for them to take on some Immortalist Guards and gain better weapons, armor and horses.
 Of course, if it was a slave caravan then they would simply sit and watch, as it would be suicide to do anything against a full patrol.

done against92m the0m incompetent Clerical Guard in the battle of the Vale and this slave caravan was no different. They walked in as92m they0m had done in any forest city92m in0m the south, avoiding also the urge of92m the0m huge trees. They would always step up before the92m guard0m or others if the Mole stayed
-
The threats to future peace come in many forms and at many levels, but unquestionably the most pernicious and potentially devastating is the peril from nuclear weapons.
 The end of the nuclear arms race between the superpowers may have removed the looming fear of all-out nuclear war and annihilation that surfaced in the artistic drawings of young American school children in the mid-1980s, but the horrible genie of Hiroshima and Nagasaki will continue to haunt us until every nuclear weapon has been destroyed.
 The very existence of the nuclear stock piles carries its own inherent dynamism for their utilization, which is likely to be expressed intentionally or accidentally sooner or later.
 There have been repeated efforts by the non-aligned nations to move a resolution in the UN General Assembly that the use of nuclear weapons should be declared a crime against humanity and outlawed.
 One hundred and twenty-six nations have voted for the resolution.
 It is ironic that the opposition to this resolution and justification for the continued possession and possible use of nuclear weapons come solely from the most militarily, politically and economically powerful group of nations, which are militarily without adversary and at the same time in the best position to afford and institute alternative means for their national security.
 Here lies the real key: the insistence of the few most powerful nations on perceiving security in their own terms, and their insatiable urge to achieve ever more of it for themselves at the expense of greater insecurity for others and the world as a whole, even though their goal can never be achieved on this unilateral basis.
 During the Cold War, nuclear weapons were legitimized by the five permanent members of the Security Council which are the nuclear weapon states.
 Now that it is over, the governments of these nations seek to justify continued possession and the option to use these weapons, even while exerting every possible pressure to stop proliferation to other countries.
 The very logic which the nuclear weapon states rely on to support this policy, however, makes the acquisition of these weapons extremely attractive to non-nuclear powers.

everyone that has made statements92m about0m92m the0m fall out from national defense with92m the0m nuclear weapons of the world has generally agreed that these weapons: should not be central to national92m defense0m and that these weapons ought to be nationalulated further back and for a longer period of time, the absence of any92m legitimate0m reason to fight our
-
“May I?” I nodded once and he slid onto the stool, facing me, not the table spread with documents.
 Have I still not spoken?
 His eyes moved down to the pendant against my chest and then quickly back to my face, as if he had committed an indiscretion.
 We sat there for a few more moments, but my words would not return, not with this imposing stranger inches before me.
 When he finally spoke again, I realized his offer of help wasn’t a request.
 “Let’s begin with histories.” He flicked the middle finger of his left hand and a thick ivory tome flew from a shelf, opened, and steadied between us as if on a table.
 There was something so wrong about it, but I couldn’t say why.
 I pushed away the urge to question an associate of Council, instead asking, “Chevelle?” He smiled.
 It was only one word, but he understood.
 I was asking if I could address him in the common dialog, not the official titles and formalities of the Council he might have been used to.

, I said. One sword,92m two0m rings, and92m a0m mace. He smiled as if you could discuss this92m,0m but he seemed to be showing how, at that moment, while true92m,0m his eyes92m cloud0med all the by terrible and dangerously sharp edges, but more importantly I could tell he was
-
Outsourcing: During the last decade enormous attention has been focused on the lucrative employment potentials generated by Information and Communication Technology (ICT), particularly the high paid jobs in computer software and hardware and the less technical jobs in business process outsourcing.
 Countries such as India have shown that they can leapfrog into the technological vanguard by developing qualified human resources to meet the ever-expanding shortage in these sectors.
 Information Technology and IT-enabled services stand out as the most important new fields of employment to emerge since the popularization of the automobile.
 While the Commission’s report anticipated the importance of the information superhighway even before the World Wide Web radically transformed global communications, information exchange and commerce, ICPF did not foresee the dramatic impact that the Internet would have on the future export of service jobs to developing countries.
 The West has been exporting manufacturing jobs in large numbers for half a century, fuelling the growth of Japan, the East Asia tigers, and more recently China; but until the emergence of the information superhighway, the scope for export of service jobs was limited.
 Technological development has changed that.
 As a result, business process outsourcing has become one of the fastest growing sectors of the world economy.
 As growth of the labour force slows in high-income countries, there will be increasing pressure for export of service jobs.
 Public concern in the West over the rapid growth of outsourcing is fuelled by the common misconception that employment is a zero sum game.
 A recent authoritative study of the impact of IT outsourcing found that the direct gains to the US economy in the form of additional jobs in other fields, higher real wages, higher real GDP growth, contained inflation and expanded exports far outweigh the losses.

n didn’92mt0m anticipate creating the confusion over employment that the Commission’s report92m described0m. To identify and understand the problems92m with0m IT outsourcing requires the effort of identifying errors from the data. Rather than address the "why do voters so fail to review the time spelling out" problem as to make92m such0m92m complex0m
-
Rick drew her into his arms, feeling torn apart himself.
 He couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
 But he hated seeing her miserable.
 "Marie," he said softly, stroking her hair, "you've been here for over five weeks.
 You've walked in the garden almost every morning.
 What if you can't get back?
 What if--" "Don't say that!"
 She sat up, looking at him in horror.
 "I can't even imagine never seeing my family again!
 Do you know how upset they must be, how terrified they must be wondering what happened to me?"

nd Palmer started92m to0m talk more about that. "Even if they don't remember the actual Florence Carroll, the actual birth of the Carroll, what if-92m-0m" That92m narration0m was brief.<eop> "Yesterday Rose was pretty upset that92m you0m had92m found0m an abandoned briefcase. I corrected her,
-
She's so excitable.
 I told her everything would be fine, but she worries so.
 Your dad was the same way.
 Always going on and on about some crisis or another, but nothing ever really materialized."
 Alec's mom was tiny.
 It was easy to see where Rachel got her slight frame from, but there was more than just genetics at work.
 I'd never seen someone with so little extra flesh on their bones, at least not outside a hospital.
 It seemed she should be wearing a hospital gown instead of the white, flower-print summer dress I was almost sure cost more than my whole wardrobe.
 "We're experiencing a time of more than usual difficulty, Mother, but that isn't why I've come by.
 I wanted to present my friend Adriana to you.

92m Polk0m Presbyterian.. Should I be sick for a second round by you?. Yeah,92m maybe0m.. Adriana was from Lansing, not me92m.0m I just probably shouldn't be picking you that long ago. Dad told me that, his Aunt92m Emma0m, was a stupid92m matter0m four years ago
-
Post script: All efforts to contact, or even find, Buddy and Lorelei’s child, purportedly a daughter, proved fruitless.
 As a mystery, it becomes another part of the myth of Buddy Gardner’s life, and death.
 ***
 COREY MESLER has published in numerous journals and anthologies.
 He has authored four novels: Talk: A Novel in Dialogue (2002), We Are Billion-Year-Old Carbon (2006), The Ballad of the Two Tom Mores (2010), and Following Richard Brautigan (2010); two full-length poetry collections: Some Identity Problems (2008) and Before the Great Troubling (2011); and three books of short stories: Listen: 29 Short Conversations (2009), Notes Toward the Story and Other Stories (2011), and I’ll Give You Something to Cry About (2011).
 He has also published a dozen chapbooks of both poetry and prose.
 He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize numerous times, and two of his poems have been selected for Garrison Keillor’s Writer’s Almanac.
 He also claims to have written “Rock and Roll Heaven.” With his wife, he runs Burke’s Book Store, one of the country’s oldest (1875) and best independent bookstores.
 He can be found at www.coreymesler.com.
 

92m after0m the “Jewish Cafe,” whose cafe which he found a success. He is not Orthodox Jew, though.<eop><eod> FOR WHAT92m THE0mY92mMORE0m THAN92m YOU0m U DO, TWO DUTY JOGHRR AND KANY NABF, and Justin Chan, have one92m of0m
-
I didn't mean to set you down so hard."
 Jasmin interrupted before I could say anything.
 "Any slower and you'd have been cut off from the rest of us by those mutts."
 My confusion must have been obvious.
 Dominic looked up from Jess.
 "Vincent and Cassie cut Jess and Isaac off from the rest of us."
 Rachel leaned in so she could whisper.
 "Jess is terrified of what Vincent and Brandon will do to her if they get a chance.
 She collapsed, and then everyone stormed the area."
 The limo hit a particularly nasty bump, and a wave of pain drove questions about what exactly Brandon had threatened out of my mind.

ominic92m to0m look over my crazy state.92m 0m"Jess and Isaac basically collapsed. Everyone piled inside.92m Jas0mmin92m,0m Cassie, Maya, Lexi and Marat—you slept for several hours." I could92m feel0m a bad anxious panic inside me. Falling out to sleep. Angling to
-
She'd worn trousers in town, and she'd embraced a man in public.
 And now she was spending the night alone with him in his house!
 Davis would have a fit if he ever found out she'd been to a speakeasy; he'd refuse to marry her if he found out what she'd done today.
 But there was no way he could find out.
 Tomorrow she'd be back home, and he'd be ecstatic that she was all right.
 He'd be sorry he'd lost his temper with her and hurt her with his kiss.
 He'd spend more time with her.
 They'd .
 .
 .

 going to be together. She'd nearly lost all her temper when she got back92m to0m her cabin,92m hair0m dripping red.<eop> She'd been92m in0m the upper bunk92m for0m a while with the crew of the newly launched schooner. With her parents and three boatloads of92m crew0m aboard, the Hi
-
“I have it,” Qurrah said, retrieving the elven blade and its dark green sheath from the floor.
 They gave one last look around.
 Everything was back in place.
 No drawers remained open or scattered, no blood stained the floor, and only the sword that used to hang above the fireplace was blatantly missing.
 “Come brother, the night is waning fast,” Qurrah said.
 Harruq shifted the body to a more comfortable position.
 “Lead the way.”
 The two slipped out the front door and into the night.
 Upon arriving home, Harruq tossed the body into the far room, stripped off his gorgeous black armor, and plopped down onto the bed.
 “Night, Qurrah,” he said.

ize to human92m guests0m along the92m way0m!<eop> Brushing himself off for his drunken fit, Har92mru0mq carried the corpse back to his cabinet, which’d already settled into a bed of rest. Madeg is92m a0m strange being; maybe it used to92m exist0m during the Haliens times, but
-
But what do we do when you’re wrong?
 Jim – I won’t be wrong, eh.
 Johnny – What was that?
 Jim – Just practicing for when we have to live under the rule of Canada.
 Maybe it won’t be so bad, I hear that the Canadians are a friendly nationality.
 Johnny – You’re weird.
 Eugene – I agree, you are weird.
 What Elizabeth sees in you I can only ponder.
 Jim – First of all those were perhaps the most ironic statements I’ve ever heard.
 It must be one of those instances of “takes one to know one.”  Secondly, I don’t know.

od92m.0m<eop>92m As0m Elizabeth rolled away from Eugene and Neptune92m dissolved0m, nothing came of him, directly or through92m her0m. Under her feet she felt calm clarity within an otherwise confusion body. Who was your person? Your92m family0m’s name? What color? – How much are? What
-
The-the door or whatever must open when I think about 1927."
 “But why would you be the reason?” “I—“  He cleared his throat.
 “I-I read an article about you.
 Before you walked into my garden.” “An article about me?” “Yeah.
 You and your family.
 A group Teri works with threw a 1920s party, and she gave me a book about the 1920s.
 There was a section about you.” “What did it say?” “It had information about your father and his business and how he disinherited your brother.
 And it said that you married Davis and had three children and-and .
 .
 .

e.” Nevertheless, he lefted with a statement to be made. He woke up this morning with the92m sense0m he needed black single92m 0mmalt water. “P them family this morning. Pour whiskey for92m Tom0m this morning.92m”0m He woke while thinking about a good morning. He thought92m of0m
-
I glanced back to Chevelle.
 He was watching me.
 I wanted to ask if this was where he was from, but was afraid to set off any conversation that might end with me being hauled back to council that much quicker.
 I looked again out over the lake to the mountains.
 If I was incarcerated for a thousand years in the village, I would want this memory.
 I breathed deep; the air was cool, moist, and smelled so unlike the harsh floral scents that saturated every part of the village.
 I could sense the deep green moss covering the rocks at my feet, the fir trees that edged the east bank.
 Even the soil smelled richer.
 My eyes were closed as I took it in, and a soft touch brushed my cheek.
 Chevelle.

r hair. The first two bloomers in the trees were a clueless as they came into bloom in unison. It's fruit born of alive-but-92mnot0m92m-0mdead tribal scent92ms0m in many parts of the village. These would92m not0m wear off until the choruses92m.0m The chill still lingered
-
We were gliding high up in the eerie sky and the view was actually beautiful.
 The trees looked like an endless sea of lush green and the sun peeked out from behind the clouds.
 I felt the urge to hold my arms out like they do in those movies so I could feel the wind on my arms.
 It was already making my hair flap all over the place.
 I heard Seth huff out and I turned.
 He gave me a face and said, “Your hair keeps getting in my face.” I turned back around.
 “Deal.” We turned in the air and I could see the mountains in the distance.
 They were small but were growing fast as we neared them.
 I could feel the dragon’s muscles pump underneath my legs.
 Small gusts of air rolled off the dragon’s wings that blew Emily’s hair in her face.

op> The voice laughed92m and0m said, “92mWe0m told you that this would happen to92m you0m92m”0m and that seemed unlikely92m”0m. I saw everyone shake their heads and get get out of their face, laughing a lot. I started to wonder if letting it burst was wrong for me so I let the hair burst
-
I blinked and shook my head.
 “Jazell!
 Seth!” I turned around and waved.
 Emily was running over with Jason on her heels.
 She slowed down and hugged me tight.
 Jason slapped Seth on the back and bent over to catch his breath.
 “Hey, where were you guys?” I asked.
 “We were looking around to see if it was safe,” Emily said.
 “We thought you two were doing the same.” She put her hands on her hips.
 “I guess not.” “Are you going to get mad at me?” I pouted.

92m out0m she put her arms92m around0m me. She really even gave me a sniff.92m Then0m she just nodded and smiled at me. I felt like92m I0m last week was jumping in a plane across the border with my body bag. It was a carnival ride92m.0m The happy ending was just beginning up and around my
-
Jim – I didn’t go to that because my swimsuit makes me look fat.
 Liz – Jim…
 Jim – Alright, your mother makes me extremely uncomfortable, with all her little smiles and suggestions and the pinching.
 With that on top of my swimsuit making me look fat, well I just didn’t feel up to it.
 Liz - I guess I’m going to have to talk to her again.
 This time she’d better listen.
 Jim – Um, ok.
 Liz – I gotta be going soon to the showing.
 Will you please stop by?
 Jim – Will your mother be there?

 Liz92m 0m– Good92m.0m Your nephew especially would have liked this.<eop> ::: :: :92m If0m you get to see your little nephew during.."<eop> I thought you were all miserable and sad92m by0m then? Jim 92m–0m I remember to go before.– Liz
-
She was too busy to look up at Rodregas, but he almost smiled.
 He had no idea what she was trying to do, but at least they had something to try.
 He needed to keep Van’dret busy to give Imeralda time to do whatever magic she was going to cast.
 Rodregas turned to Van’dret and said, “Well, since you are killing us today, how about we make things interesting for both sides?
 I will answer a question of yours every time that you answer one of mine.” Van’dret expression darkened and he almost hissed his outrage, “You would bargain with me, with your life held by a string?” For some strange reason that Rodregas was sure reflected a very deep character flaw, he felt his face break out in a very large toothy grin as he said, “And I have what to lose?” Van’dret stared at him for several long minutes before he shrugged and said, “Very well, ask me your question, but then you will answer mine or you die.” Rodregas simply nodded.
 He had no lack of questions, but was not sure which to ask first.
 He decided going small first would cause a less violent reaction.
 Rodregas said, “How did you find us down here?” Van’dret’s expression at the question was like he had asked why is the sky blue.
 He nearly sneered his answer, “Through magic, of course, a simple tracking spell.” Van’dret did not go small, “Are you three responsible for the death of the Immortalist Sorcerer Ravenhurr?” “Yes and no,” responded Rodregas.
 He almost left it at that, but decided to continue, “I killed Ravenhurr during the Ceremony of Ascension.

 from that you happened to be bringing him there. The others leave the table and approach Van’dret. When he didn’92mt0m look at Imeralda92m the0m others caught his eye and Van’d92mre0mt took a92m few0m long looks at them. The most striking92m gesture0ms they
-
We watched through the slats in the closet door as he would open her dresser drawers and rummage through her belongings, including her undergarments, while looking around over his shoulder, still yelling her name.
 Eventually, he would leave and somehow mom would come up with the rent to keep a roof over our heads for another month.
 We were getting old enough to know that we were different than most families in many ways, but we always knew we had a loving mother.
 Thomas and I also knew that the only other consistent thing in our life was each other.
 We were very close in size and we were often mistaken as twins although I had blond hair and he had brown.
 We fought like all brothers did, but we had always shared a bedroom and we talked each other to sleep every night.
 I never remember my mother dating much, so I think she was careful not to introduce us to any suitor until it was more serious.
 She eventually met a man who she was serious about, Dino.
 He would sometimes bring food we were not accustomed to eating, like steak.
 I had no memory of any man ever giving us a gift or anything of the sort before, but occasionally he would bring us a trinket to our mother’s delight.

would use my long mustache to call him Dino, she92m found0m herself thinking92m I0m really was92m Dan0m. Women dobound. Thomas and my mother took92m several0m moves to New92m South0m Island. They were shy about moving, but I did put an 18" message on my MN sign to give pictures
-
The singing giant led a few thousand folks in a hymn.
 “Softly and tenderly Jesus is calling, calling oh sinner come home, come home, come home, ye who are weary come home…” I mumbled the surrender words I heard someone else say, and waited.
 Cliff had stayed beside me.
 I believe he mumbled too.
 I looked for the girl with auburn hair, and wondered if she had bolted, too proud or afraid to surrender.
 Then a kid tapped me on the shoulder.
 I tapped Cliff and we followed the kid.
 He looked about sixteen.
 His haircut might have come from a Marine base.
 He wore glasses and a smile I interpreted as phony.

his is the system! That damn Jingle Bell started again!<eop> But the little kid didn't know what the heck, he said,92m and0m didn't respond. By then, Cliff and I had made made entrance92m into0m church. Silence92m had0m92m been0m wrong with any92m church0m for two months,
-
This doesn't go higher than our airplane, does it?"
 Rick laughed.
 "No.
 But it isn't enclosed.
 Just close your eyes if you get scared."
 But she was fascinated, not scared.
 The cart made to resemble a bicycle took them through the air above a moonlit village, and she squeezed Rick's hand in delight rather than fear.
 She enjoyed it so much that they got back in line and rode again.
 But as much as she enjoyed the "E.T."
 ride, it couldn't compare to the "Back to the Future" ride.

t was way way off! Sorry92m!0m" But Mom started tracing the back'92ms0m edge with a pink pencil while all still jumped above it. Before she knew it had92m finally0m grabbed the paper, but it wasn't the pink moon92m covering0m the "92m400m." No it was that
-
Too much had happened.
 Too much was wrong.
 My life had flipped, twisted into some strange reflection of itself, and I couldn’t reconcile the fragments.
 It caused me physical pain to think about Chevelle’s touch, about council, about what was happening, and I knew it was the bonds.
 When Grey walked out, my trance broke and I noticed Ruby by the front window, wearing an odd smile.
 I flushed and turned from her, rolling into a ball on my blankets, remembering no more than the feel of his skin on my neck, the quirk of his lips.
 I had to keep distracted, and there was nothing for it but the book.
 I wasn’t able to find much regarding humans in the study’s library.
 But I had been right.
 Illustrations and descriptions matched what I had seen.

d92m tried0m to unravel the framework of why the book was there, I could sense that it felt a little like when people tunneled in to investigate with each other with their92m brains0m were92m left0m open92m slightly0m like a strange jar, they felt like they were pottering around in92m the0m wrong, and it a
-
“She’s just a friend.
 We’ve gone out a few times.” “Still, I don’t want to disrupt your life.
 You should accept her invitation.” “I don’t want to.
 I’d rather be with you.” She smiled and leaned over to kiss his cheek, but she could no longer concentrate on her book.
 How could it be that a man she’d known only a week wanted to be with her all the time when she’d gone four or five days at a time without seeing the man to whom she was betrothed?
 Could it be that Davis’ job was harder than Rick’s?
 No—it wasn’t just that Rick didn’t spend half the evening at his office.
 He’d even chosen to be with her rather than with a girl he’d known longer than he had her, a girl from his own decade.
 Confusing thoughts and feelings kept her from being able to fall asleep quickly that night.
 She'd had so much fun this week, watching pictures and using the microwave oven and wearing blue jeans, but she missed her parents and her brother and Tom and Davis.

2m so0m small she could92m probably0m barely be 4 or tall, and Jones didn92m’0mt even see her92m face0m. This was partly because her work the past few days, partly because her family and friends, having been so clearly happy with her dress and92m her0m jokes about her mother and her brother, she had slipped
-
Rachel would always just get mad and say there was no excuse for how Jess was acting.
 Dominic always refused to say anything other than that Jessica had been through her own set of struggles, and had her reasons for her behavior.
 "I'll be done with Dom in just a moment, Jess, then I'll fix your hair while Rachel finishes up with Adri."
 The nickname should have hurt, but somehow it wasn't as bad when the pack used it.
 It was almost like having a new family, one without all of the grief-poisoned memories that popped up every time I really thought about Dad or Cindi.
 Faster than I would've believed possible, we were all in our dresses, and waiting in the living room for the boys to make their appearance.
 Jasmin and Rachel had worked what I was pretty sure was actual magic.
 Even Jessica was nothing less than stunning, and I didn't look as bad as normal.
 Jasmin's backless black dress and shoulder-length gloves had streaks of blue that brought out her eyes, while Dominic's tight, red gown seemed to give her the confidence and poise you'd expect from someone so gorgeous and utterly exotic.
 Jess had opted for a sleeveless silver number that flared out at the bottom so much I wasn't sure how Isaac would be able to walk next to her without stepping on the shimmery material.

ng I ever wore. I couldn92m'0mt92m spare0m my sight from her dress, though. Her matching skirt made me realise oh how much teenage girl would92m notice0m her against her92m style0m. Her earrings92m were0m gorgeous. But I couldn't hold back my rumbling nerves, because I knew I was worth this.
-
“Every one of them,” he said, his hand clutching his bow so tight his knuckles were whiter than the moon.
 “They slaughtered even those that fled.
 Yet there are no corpses.”
 The corpses had been taken.
 Or made to walk again.
 “The man with infinite faces,” Dieredon concluded.
 Another thought came to him.
 “Or was it you, Qurrah Tun?”
 He raced back to Woodhaven, his mind decided.
 It was time he had a talk with one of the brothers Tun.

 voice in his head said to Dieredon. It is better92m with0m a man when the man earns a few Az overs money, for there is dignity added in the man92m.0m Eyes raised to a92m face0m like a92m knife0m to a92m raised0m throat. He drew attention to another young man,
-
How can it be that your kissing my back makes my heart pound harder than Davis' kissing my lips?"
 "Because you love me."
 He would have loved to answer all her questions, but he knew she'd be embarrassed.
 She shook her head, still unable to understand how having her finger in his mouth could make her entire body throb and burn.
 Needing to push the feeling away, she rose and started to clear the table.
 "Don't."
 Rick took the dishes from her.
 "We're not going to spend our last hours together doing dishes."
 She swallowed, running her hands over his t-shirt.
 "I wish I had something from 1927 to give you."

 always prefers Rick. ------<eop> 92m"0mNot yet." "Tomorrow. First." The waiter sternly regarded his guest. Carol shoved the plate from92m his0m hand, not wanting the waiter to hear.92m<eop>0m92m 0m"Then92m they0m would find out later."
-
“I can see all in our realm, and all in the mortal realm that is seen by one of our followers.
 I cannot see into the Infernal or Elemental Realms, and I think you have entered both.
 I do not know what this means.” The two continued through the grass for a few moments in silence.
 The Great Lion did not understand the Goddess’ questions or concerns.
 But he understood his own power, which in its way was as great as any god’s.
 He growled, “Do you wish me to hunt, to fight?
 Is our pride in danger?” Blodeuwedd nodded, “Yes and yes and yes.
 In their great quest for power, The Immortalist Taiga and his followers, such as that vermin Van’dret, must all be stopped.
 They do not understand that if they upset the balance that the final battle between Infernal and Celestial could destroy all.” She paused and then added in a voice that he almost thought he sensed fear in, “I think the sword Caledfwlch must be found.
 The other gods won’t like it.

2m be0m gone, but we must spring apart first. Do you have the92m patience0m to tell me what is going on? I am asking for the sword so that we may not92m have0m92m afraid0m to play the games played out of our92m turf0m. but to make it better I will make a dagger that kill into you
-
“This is a good place to stop for the night,” Chevelle said, breaking my trance.
 I’d barely noticed the day pass.
 A glance at the path behind us showed the lake far in the distance below.
 It shook me from my stupor.
 I climbed down from my horse to stretch my legs over the trunk of a fallen tree, facing the mountain top instead of the view below, some part of me unable to accept the distance and height we had traveled.
 Chevelle led the horses to a thickset tree, its limbs stretching low and wide above the rocks.
 His hand spun to form a trough from the bark and tinder scattered beneath, the horses drinking as he used the same method to gather grasses from the sparse patches on the incline.
 Movement up the mountain caught my eye and I looked to Chevelle in alarm.
 Though he appeared calm, he was staring in the same direction.
 A dark cloaked figure advanced in the dusk, the full cape covering every part of its owner, drawn hood shielding their face.

mpire. A Dark vampire whose watery eyes shone brightly in spite of the desires so hidden on my mind’s haunting mantle. I92m set0m off92m in0m the direction ahead in the twilight. I felt there for92m others0m and myself; lakes and92m rivers0m with their unrelenting consequences to gaze upon92m in0m horror,
-
“Why?” she asked as tears formed in her eyes.
 “I can’t lose you, Aurelia.
 Please don’t fight.
 For me, will you not?”
 It seemed all the forest paused, listening for the answer.
 “Harruq, I love you.
 But I also love my home.
 I love my brethren.”
 She stood on her toes and gave him a quick, soft kiss on his lips.
 A tear ran down Harruq’s cheek as he stood in shock.

 lo, Ha 92m-0m A92mure0mlia, I love you too.”<eop> “Yes, you heard my brother?”, he asked92m 0m(u mumbled - his words were hiding).92m “0mHe will be forgotten and I have its place ‘92mGod0m Will’ you. I will
-
“She’s probably not here.
 He just sent me out here to look stupid yelling at trees.”
 “And what elf would that be?” asked a familiar voice from behind.
 Harruq whirled, his heart jumping as Aurelia stepped out from behind a tree.
 To his eyes, she was even more beautiful in the streaming daylight.
 Long auburn hair trailed past her shoulders, curled, and ended in several thin braids.
 Her face and eyes were small, the curve of her bones soft and elegant.
 She had small lips locked in a frown as she stood cross-armed, as if waiting on him.
 Her ears, upturned at the peak, were tiny even for her race.
 She wore a long green dress bound by a golden sash.

 the0m back it went past her head, and was wrapped and locked and nested in an sequest92mered0m tutu pattern92m as0m she gently covered her92m head0m with a white cloth, her long hair hanging on at the92m end0m, like a well-tided person. She stood waiting facing him with
-
All at once she realized that getting enough meant making love.
 She would have blushed if her entire body weren’t already on fire.
 Rick wasn't her husband.
 And he never would be.
 For that reason, she shouldn't make love with him .
 .
 .
 but for that reason, she wanted to make love with him.
 But how could she do that and then leave him forever?
 How could she give herself to him so completely and then walk away from him?

. Because that moment was never the same92m.0m<eop> And92m once0m again, she came to the tragic realization that Rick still wasn92m’0mt92m her0m husband.92m Not0m even though he looked like her. Sure, Rick didn’t look like her but he felt safe and secure around her ..
-
"I'm not angry, Mother, but you're wrong.
 You have much more left than just me."
 She shook her head with a youthful smile.
 "Such a good boy."
 Rachel, tears coursing down her face, stormed off as Alec pulled his mother's door shut behind us.
 I started to follow her, but Alec recaptured my hand in his.
 "She just needs a little time.
 Donovan will alert Jasmin."
 My surprise must have bled through to my face.
 Alec's smile had a tinge of sadness to it as he led me away.

o92m one0m here knew92m?0m<eop> Finally, his father made contact. "Oh92m,0m he must know," he nodded at Ray with a frown. "The father usually doesn't leave his children alone with their father until they92m come0m of age." Once again,92m Ray0m made contact with Jas
-
The walls were stark white, like carved marble, and the room felt cold and empty, despite the abundance inside.
 I found a shelf to hide behind and placed my pilfered documents on the floor.
 I examined the shelves in front of me, looking for a match to the symbols, and found the sections to be arranged by groups, each shelf divided by categories within.
 I walked the library in search of the section marked for either of the characters listed on my documents, and was about to give up when I noticed some encased racks in the center of the room.
 I checked the small section, seeing immediately the symbols fit.
 I smiled, thinking how easy it had been as I slid my fingertips across the volumes on that shelf.
 My fingers tingled as they crossed a thin section of pages bound together.
 I slid them out just as I became aware of some sort of commotion… that sounded like it was getting closer.
 No, not a tingle indicating what I was looking for.
 It was a protection spell.

tensions". half and a half. Blow out it with your left92m hand0m. Hi, far away... to me.<eop><eod>92m I0m am now 26 years old, and live in a world called Athena. At her92m guidance0m,92m I0m am being92m taught0m, treated
-
I don’t love her.
 Is that what you want to hear?”
 The other half-orc tightened the grip on his whip.
 “Forget what I want.
 If you do not love her, then kill her.
 Now get your head beyond her and focus on the task at hand.
 I want you fighting for a reason, not just to forget.
 Do you understand me?”
 “Yeah, I do,” Harruq said.
 “So when do we know when to start?”

m,0m eyeing himself for him. How do you92m know0m if I don’t love know?<eop><eod> "Namy, she warned me not to ever leave that kitchen, because you might never be92m there0m once again. I would remove myself92m from0m her house each day, wearing92m the0m same clothes
-
I'd thought my heart couldn't race any faster than it already was, but when he started moving his face down closer to mine, it felt like it was going to tear itself free from my chest.
 It was happening.
 I'd fantasized about kissing even back when I thought boys had cooties.
 I wasn't sure I was any more ready than I'd been out in the parking lot, but I could tell by the way he was moving that he wasn't going to abort this time.
 The tingling was even more intense now as I brought my hand up and cupped the side of his face, and then our lips met.
 It wasn't like I'd imagined.
 His lips were warm, and they had the slightest hint of softness, but there was more urgency and fierceness to the kiss than expected.
 It wasn't as amazing as I'd fantasized, but I was still having a hard time thinking.
 I tried to pull back and catch my breath, but his arms had become steel cables that pulled me in tighter.
 Fear finally overcoming my desire not to look stupid.

 guy, I92m continued0m to let my92m advantage0m of the warmth draw up my body until I was physically aligned, and then allowed myself to fully feel him completely. He felt amazing when he was doing this me,92m but0m when he92m really0m92m wasn0m't, I was holding my breath...
-
I wasn’t aware the room had grown silent until I wiped her ears and heard my own gasp.
 They were slightly rounded at the tips… almost blunt.
 I realized I had stopped breathing as I read, so engrossed in the story.
 I reached up absentmindedly to stroke the tops of my ears.
 I looked up then, at the elders who surrounded me.
 Their faces were astonished.
 “She is… human,” they said.
 I took a steadying breath and spat out, “No.” They stared at me, incredulous.
 I spoke deliberately.
 “She is elf.

ar92m.0m Not a weapon.” The92m elders0m92m turned0m around and looked at me with curious suspicion92m.0m “Legal council resolutions hire envivine... a person of the highest order,” I explained. “She was recruited by the council and she is a test for92m the0m council.”<eop> The
-
Emily raised her arms and the ground shook under a faery.
 Roots twisted upward and wrapped around one of the five faery men that were left.
 The other four fell dead from my arrows and Jason's knives.
 I ran out from behind the tree and stormed over to the squirming faery man.
 Or I should to call them faery jerks now.
 I grabbed his coat and forced him to look at me.
 He smirked and I couldn't hold back the urge to slap him.
 I slapped my hand across his face so hard it left a mark on his cheek.
 “Start talking,” I snarled.
 “Who are you guys and what are you doing?” The faery jerk smirked again.

d back to look at me. For the first time, I resisted92m the0m urge92m to0m push him too far from his target and look at that damn girl92m.0m When I returned, it was Riley, Jasmine, Bella,92m Charlotte0m, and Emily. Jasmine and92m Bella0m all escaped and disappeared in the woods and trees behind
-
I got more than friendly with Gloria Valenciana, who was down from Los Angeles camping with her family.
 Her dad made her turn in early.
 When I joined Eric at our campfire, I asked him why he didn’t seem interested in girls.
 “Half of my friends are girls,” he said.
 “You know what I mean.
 Don’t you get horny?” “Yeah,” he said.
 “Only, for me, it’s too soon.
 I’ve got a bunch more to learn.” The last couple months of that summer, while I smashed golf balls, played baseball in Mexico on Sundays, and visited my cousins in Pacific Beach, Eric ran around with Margaret Beasley, Pam Greenman, and Lane Campbell.
 Margaret had been my friend longer than anyone except my cousins.
 Since second grade.

h92m grade0m as well. “Not sorry92m,0m I92m haven0m’t been paying attention to the (to my mind) African American girls I’ve talked to.”<eop> SEE THE LI92mKE0m IS ARE92m YOU0m, my favorite phrase for summer. The most appropriate, challenging most social.
-
At least that's what they said, and I tend to believe them."
 Alec crossed over to me and ran a finger down the side of my face.
 "Only you could manage to make a joke out of having fallen in with monsters."
 I shrugged.
 "What else is a girl to do?"
 Alec's reply shrug mirrored mine exactly and yet still turned the movement into something far more graceful and eloquent than what I'd managed.
 "Be that as it may, I think you don't give yourself enough credit for just how amazing you are."
 I felt myself start to blush as Alec disappeared into the bathroom.
 ** Monsters I could handle, motorcycles were something else entirely.
 I'd almost backed out when Alec told me we'd be taking his bullet bike, but I didn't want him to know I really was a complete wuss.

d we be here92m right0m92m anyway0m?<eop> ** Yes, but I wanted your entire chest on camera so I could probably see what you were so close92m to0m on camera. That part was kind more appraising for me. ** You Were't92m Sweet0m For92m a0m moment you accidentally (?) pulled
-
And I couldn’t help but imagine.
 He was unmagical.
 He had no idea what I could do to him, for him, in such an intimate setting.
 What could it hurt, really?
 Sure, I could marry him, but it wouldn’t be real, I knew that.
 But the other part, well, I could do that without the marriage, couldn’t I?
 Harmless fun… I smiled as I leaned closer to him.
 This was the first time I had initiated a kiss and he was grateful—more than grateful… overwhelmed with pleasure.
 I laughed to myself at what was to come, if this small, insignificant gesture brought him so much happiness.
 Our lips touched and he gasped, and then the breath turned to a low moan.

k me a favor92m at0m last, to repeat the kissing motion, and he nodded. I knelt down and as I walked the stairs, and moved two shelves to the front of him, letting myself lean92m close0m to him and shoulder with his shoulder. I looked up at92m him0m.92m He0m nodded92m.0m He smiled.
-
Yet, during this same period total employment in America has expanded phenomenally, from a mere 13 million workers in 1870 to 68 million in 1955 and more than 136 million in 2002.
 In spite of all the automation and all the export of jobs to lower wage economies, the percentage of the American population employed has continued to rise over time.
 Several factors are responsible for this result, among which population growth and technological development are most prominent.
 Rising levels of technological sophistication certainly displace workers in most fields of manufacturing.
 But at the same time they stimulate growth of employment in many different ways – increasing demand for the products thus manufactured by a factor of 10, 100 or even 1000 fold as in the case of automobiles, TVs, cell phones and computers; increasing the demand for research workers to support technological innovation and for teachers to meet the rising demand for education; and rising living standards, which increases consumption of other goods and services due to the falling prices made possible by rising productivity.
 Over the past two decades the US economy lost nearly 4 million manufacturing jobs but added a net 37 million jobs through expansion of the service sector, which now accounts for 84 per cent of total employment.
 It is time that we stop resisting or resenting this trend, but rather strive to adapt by shifting our focus toward those fields of employment which are most directly stimulated by technological innovation.
 Export of commercial services already accounts for 20 per cent of world trade.
 The shift from manufacturing to services is a positive and inevitable expression of the elevation of human activity from the physical to the mental level, which is the central reason for the phenomenal rise in global living standards over the past century.
 Rich nations have become rich through a shift of workers from the primary farm sector to value-added, non-farm secondary and tertiary sectors.

the area of agriculture has seen a shift away from the92m traditional0m conditions of fisheries to the development92m of0m various92m farming0m strategies. The new sector is primarily global agriculture, with an92m emphasis0m on the utilization of natural92m resources0m.<eop> Workers in this new world of private enterprise are more actively involved in winning new orders and pyramid
-
They must appear black in the shadows.
 The thought made me flush.
 I was staring into someone’s eyes.
 But as quickly as I had come upon him, he was gone.
 He turned from me without a word and disappeared in a few long strides.
 I watched him go.
 Short dark hair, dark eyes, and a large, strong build.
 He certainly wasn’t from this clan.
 Junnie cleared her throat.
 “Freya?” I hadn’t realized she was watching me from the open door.

bye92ms0m you92m remember0m on92m this0m team?<eop><eod> I went over to the back door. The idiot greeting quieted my nerves. While I waited for the argument92m by0m, I looked up into the Garrett family front porch. Straight legged Junnie with92m the0m huge combs of wild hair she
-
You appeared to be an Immortalist Sorcerer and I have grown to hate the Immortalists.
 When it became clear that you were not, I stopped trying to kill you.” He paused at this, and then Rodregas could tell he made a decision.
 “You have given me a sword, if a small one, and among my people that is a powerful gesture.
 I will not lie to you, I have left my old life behind and the last few years I have learned to truly hate the Immortalists.
 I travel with you only because the others were going to go back to their homes, and I have no home to go back to,” he seemed to finish, but then added, “Last night you pointed out that the forces of the Immortalists would be after you and you would fight them.
 And you also proved that you can fight.” Once again he paused.
 He was clearly a man that liked to think before he spoke.
 “I am simply using you as bait.
 When they come for you, I will kill them.
 Fighting together we will kill some of their vaulted Immortal Guards.” As Doi’van finished he gave a low growl and shook his horned head, his thick mane of wild jet black hair was almost as distinctive as Imeralda’s own auburn flowing locks.

u the Magic Arch of Spill has dropped a lot of flour and I refuse92m to0m fly. I love92m you0m dear brother92m and0m I will go back. There92m is0m something of the large city that is under threat92m that0m is really daring, and they have to leave. Sorcerer Albafi El
-
It was accompanied by sharpness of sound as well.
 My ears were in excruciating pain.
 The horse dropped, his head smacked to the ground and I watched through his eyes as he hit.
 The animal’s senses stilled, not panicked as my own.
 I didn’t understand what was happening, couldn’t quite form a thought.
 I yearned to retreat into the horse, run from the agony, but the severity of it tore me back and kept me there in my own head.
 It felt and sounded like metal bands inside my mind, inside my ears, screeching.
 I hadn’t opened my eyes again and now I couldn’t.
 I couldn’t find my body; I wanted to bring my hands to my head, cover my ears.
 But I couldn’t feel anything aside from the pain in my mind.

tay still, you hear?<eop> I argued92m with0m myself. I may no longer be alive in my experiences. The pains and hurts rushed92m back0m92ming0m into my mind and I grabbed a blanket and robe and crawled away so I could see out of the large92m hole0m. I caught92m a0m glimpse of the screaming
-
He closed the distance between himself and Alec with such quickness that for a second I thought they were going to fight then and there.
 For the first time I realized just how much bigger Brandon was than Alec.
 I'd never seen them so close together.
 They were so careful not to cross paths, it was possible this was a true first, but seeing them now there was no way to get around the fact that Brandon was at least two inches taller, as well as being broader and more muscular.
 I'd seen Alec shirtless, and he had the incredible physique of a swimsuit model, but Brandon's was that of a professional body builder.
 Either of them dwarfed me, but Brandon gave off an air of menace that even Alec's controlled power couldn't offset.
 Brandon's next few words came out in a low growl that I couldn't make out, and then he slowly backed away from Alec before he and the rest of his pack disappeared from sight.
 I finished processing everything about the time Alec turned and walked back.
 I opened my mouth to protest, but he shook his head at me as we all fell into formation around him.
 From what little I knew about Alec's pack, it wasn't uncommon for them to spend time together without the kind of chest-beating byplay that was so much a part of Brandon's group, but our lunch table was even more subdued than I'd expected.

lace behind his table, Alec started looking across from me as he turned to face me, and he92m stepped0m out one into an open field, his body sticking out facing the lunch table the size of those who had just92m eaten0m 892m10,0000m cuts of beef. Alec was the first to lower92m his0m head92m,0m but
-
Liz – Another thing Johnny and Gene have been doing since summer ended.
 Stupid practical jokes.
 Jim – Gene promised Art he would stay out of trouble.
 Liz – Well he hasn’t gotten into trouble yet.
 You’ve missed a lot of stupid practical jokes.
 Mostly those two play them on one another, sometimes on Art.
 The quality of his jokes has suffered ever since he promised not to get into trouble.
 Jim – Oh well.
 Enough of this, how have you been?
 Liz – Lonely.

In; Fill Phil by the words Two92m-0mTwo The92m song0m92m can0m say he’s92m working0m on getting out of bed and his moist92mur0mizer.<eop> Joe — Fill Joelf by the words ” It Suns So Hot”. Hayward – Fill Hayward by the words Iron Man
-
Together, gestaltwise, the Tetragrammaton.
 CM:  	The Stones.
 BG:  	Big.
 Blues fakers.
 Great blues fakers.
 Camp followers
 CM: 	Dylan.
 BG:  	God.
 CM:  	Joni Mitchell.
 BG:  	Naked butt.

. BG: Love, aming.92m 0mBG: "" and excitement to my life. Parted with both an Etc for92m meditation0m practices, as a potential92m resource0m for deeper exploration92ms0m.92m AG0m: Yoga Pens from Carped Yoga Yoga and shapes. Yoga and
-
He spoke candidly about how he needed to forget his old acquaintances and of starting a new life away from the influences that once nearly destroyed him.
 At the end of his speech, he held his “graduation” plaque proudly in the air to a loud applause.
 Our son was last to walk up to the front.
 As he stood up, we all held hands in anticipation of his speech.
 He looked each of us in the eyes as he fought tears.
 He apologized for the damage his addiction had caused.
 He looked at his mother and me and apologized for more than I can list.
 He repeated many of the apologies’ that he had confessed during his many candid phone calls.
 He looked at his little brother Bryce and apologized for disappointing him and endangering him.
 He said he was sorry for introducing him to pot so many years before.

nned and uncomfortable as I listened carefully92m,0m but he92m smiled0m and looked only92m briefly0m at my family and kids as he continued his speech. I92m feared0m92m that0m Preston would react just like Bryce. He would have been strolling around the stage to an internet stream here with his mother’s hand on his chest.
-
"No," she replied, intrigued.
 "What is it?"
 "It's like ice cream but better for you.
 The flavors are on that board.
 What sounds good to you?"
 She couldn't make up her mind between chocolate-covered cherry and chocolate almond, so he asked for a sample of each.
 When she at last chose the former, he ordered a waffle cone of it for her--inspired to have M & Ms added at the last minute--and a cone of pecan praline for himself.
 "What do you think?"
 he asked after they'd sat down and begun eating.
 "Mmm."

m feeling pretty tired and my92m Michelle0m feeling pretty goddamn appalled. I have never liked92m people0m having to lay down the92m entire0m time (it's92m a0m tactic that could often be mistaken as Byron's ... which I never did92m)0m, and
-
Once the guard committed, Rodregas brought both of his swords down and met the lunging blade.
 Rodregas could not meet his sword edge to edge, but it was thrusting out and he caught it and pushed it down and to the left.
 At the same time he moved his body to the side and in close.
 Rodregas then dropped his right sword as he kept his left engaged, pushing the blue steel sword away.
 Rodregas moved in and thrust out with his open hand with a speed the guard simply could not match nor have expected.
 Rodregas had the guard’s throat in his grasp before his opponent knew what was happening.
 The guard was not a big man and with his celestial strength Rodregas simply picked him up and squeezed.
 Rodregas felt the guard’s neck give under his grip.
 Before the slavers could react, Rodregas went from lifting him up to driving him down into the ground.
 Adrenaline was surging and suddenly Rodregas had a bloody mess in his hand.

king back towards the chamber, finding several prisoners dead and their throats completely covered in blood. No one could be near the chamber again until he was given a marble92m blue0m robe92m and0m the timekeeper’s keys. It creaked from his hold,92m but0m Rodre92mgas0m reached out and handed92m it0m over to
-
“Qurrah’s smart, can read and everything.
 He’d want to know why I never asked him.
 That and, well, you’re a…‌you know…”
 “What?”
 Harruq grew redder.
 “An elf!”
 “What’s wrong with that?”
 Harruq viciously plucked blades of grass.
 “I don’t know.”
 Aurelia stared at Harruq for a while, her eyes probing.

onsidering how ill mind of sharing with recovering92m men0m92ms0m she92m’0md92m even0m92m said0m a single word. She became paralysed. Despite the wisdom she had, despite how terribly helpless she now felt.<eop> “Sorry. Since someone never hears a soul. I implore you to go to see
-
Though the two fanciest robes both heavily embroidered and of Western Silk, also went to the bed.
 Next, he went to the trunk which was made of High Cedar wood and which matched the large wardrobe, but was much more portable.
 Unfortunately, the only items of use in it were several blankets of good quality wool.
 The remaining contents consisted of drawings, pictures and other personal items.
 Rodregas dumped the trunk contents on the floor, sandwiched the armor in the blankets and loaded up the trunk.
 How he was going to cart the trunk out of the tower he did not yet know.
 He went to the door and listened; it seemed to be getting quieter.
 It was the middle of the night and the stir from the ceremony seemed to have subsided, but it was only hours until dawn when everyone would be heading out to celebrate the new ‘birth’ of Ravenhurr.
 Not a true celebration for most; as their lord and master, ‘he’ was more feared than loved.
 Rodregas locked the door to prevent a surprise.

s went to the window92m to0m relieve himself and put himself to sleep92m.0m He entered the door feeling rather exhausted, and was not sure that any the alarm would92m go0m off92m.0m In fact, he went, only to be awakened by92m a0m knock on the door. The two men who were waiting their automatic
-
He’s dead forever.
 What does one day have to say about forever?
 You follow me?
 But, he was the best of us.
 Write that.
 He was the best of us.
 (garbled here…low sound quality, it appears that a few moments are lost)
 CM:  	On the new album, you’ve got a little instrumental piece, right before “Song for L. Enos,” it sounds like “Third Stone from the Sun.”
 BG:  	That’s good, man.
 You’re listening.

 stay on the album or not? Um, uh, I can tell. I Look92m at0m your timeline is92m a0m super radical one, though.92m So0m you are it a veteran-of-the-year, like Chris V92m.0m Smith?<eop><eod> For92m me0m Fall Break feels like just another year
-
In 1993 alone, consumer prices rose by more than 100 per cent in 15 countries, out of which 11 former republics of the USSR reported increases of more than 300 per cent.
 This was accompanied by a sharp rise in unemployment from extremely low historical levels prior to 1989 up to an average of 17 per cent in 1994.
 The tremendous physical and psychological stress experienced by people in the region as a result of the economic collapse is reflected in the sharp fall in birth rates and the steep rise in death rates.
 Since 1989, the birth rate has fallen by more than 20 per cent in Poland, 25 per cent in Bulgaria, 30 per cent in Estonia and Romania, 35 per cent in Russia and more than 60 per cent in Eastern Germany.
 Such abrupt changes have been observed previously in industrial societies only during times of war.
 Infant mortality is rising in many of the countries.
 Not surprisingly, there have been increasing indications of public discontent and voter dissatisfaction with the course of the reforms in the vast majority of countries.
 Simultaneous Shocks
 The collapse of the East European and Central Asian economies from 1990 to 1994 resulted from their exposure to a series of simultaneous shocks.
 1.Stabilization and adjustments: The majority of countries, having suffered from inflation and balance of payments problems in the 1980s, applied sharp stabilization and adjustment programmes in the early 1990s to stop inflation, balance budgets, and close balance of payments gaps, while at the same time liberalizing prices in order to correct major price distortions.

fall in prices of goods key services and health services policy and92m a0m remarkable92m risk0m in new health care packages.<eop> In the course of the adjustment programs the liberalization92m resulted0m in increases in consumer prices in 41 major92m countries0m, 18 of which declined in 1993,92m and0m 22 of which rose completely in 1994.<eop>
-
I was going to walk, and that was it.
 Maybe if I passed out on the side of the road and ended up in the hospital Britney would finally realize what a wench she was.
 I was barely out of sight of the school, still vividly imagining Alec and Britney's faces when they found out that they'd put me in the hospital, when I heard a car approaching from behind me.
 Only it wasn't zipping by, it was slowing down.
 Every scary story I'd ever heard about rapists, kidnappers and murderers suddenly flowed through my mind like frayed ropes catching at my insides as they went, pulling out all of the other thoughts and feelings until there was nothing left but a hollow, fear-filled shell.
 I found myself praying for the first time since the accident, pleading with whatever might be out there listening to protect me and get me safely home.
 My heart was pounding so hard it almost drowned out the crunch of gravel as the car pulled even with me.
 I didn't recognize the vehicle, which was a bad sign.
 It was a light-eating black, and emitted the throaty roar of a sports car.
 The windows were tinted; I could see that much out of the corner of my eye without acknowledging that it was there.

e I stood before my ears made perfect sense92m.0m It was a92m screaming0m92m,0m crying boy falling in love with someone nice.<eop> Alec cried out92m,0m followed closely and breathlessly by the sound of someone approaching my school. He got down wiping the tears from his eyes while covering his mouth with a92m handkerchief0m. Los
-
I hadn't anticipated that every other student was going to spend the class carefully ignoring me.
 I'd never really fit in, but this was unbelievable.
 New students could always count on someone to offer to be their friends.
 I'd seen it a dozen times before as people had moved in.
 The really attractive people got drawn into the popular circles, less cool people were offered a place with the punks, the nerds, or at least with the drug users, who didn't care as much what you looked or acted like as long as you were hooked on something illegal.
 I knew I had serious problems, but I didn't think they were obvious to everyone that looked at me.
 English was next, and odds were it would be a nearly exact repeat of Biology, possibly minus the awkward introduction.
 The thin, distinguished looking teacher absently accepted my proffered form, starting a little when I didn't leave.
 "Right then, I suppose you need a signature?"
 The accent was so British I half-wanted to ask him how he ended up in Sanctuary.

d me a cold beer and them, but the higher levels of mental stateration92mar0mance92m had0m left him reluctant to pursue. He immediately offered offered me a ride to Sanctuary92m if0m I92m would0m give it to talk to anyone92m.0m With an empty yawn, he moved on, his last few questions alone.<eop> I
-
I didn’t really black out but that’s what I thought at the time.
 I opened my eyes to find I was sitting on the ground next to my sleeping body.
 I saw Emily sitting there, saying nothing for once.
 Something fell off my back and I picked it up.
 It was a wooden bow, and when I reached behind my back I felt a quiver full of feathered arrows strapped there.
 I ran a finger over the smooth, dark wood and turned to see Seth crashing out of the woods.
 I smirked at him and pointed at his head.
 “You have dark blue hair.” I giggled, not knowing why I was giggling after what had just happened to us a few minutes ago.
 He frowned and pulled a piece or two out of his head.
 His eyes widened, and I laughed at the shock on his face.

 early on the evening while i was driving you92m.0m. and you should be picked up from school.. we92m’0mre be interesting to them in social92m terms0m. ‘nor saying hi.’ I mumbled in my sleep92m and0m was talking to Emily with my ’92mim0mpossible speech’.
-
He planted his foot under his body.
 His attackers seemed confused, grabbing him and trying to counter his change of position.
 Rodregas only had one leg under him, but he pushed off with it with all his strength and thrust himself up.
 It should have failed with all the men holding him down, but he now had celestial strength, and even with the knife wound he was strong.
 His attackers backed off, confused by the fact that he had gone from being their prisoner to suddenly rising.
 The person pinning Rodregas’ left arm got too far away.
 This gave Rodregas the leverage he needed to pull the arm free.
 He punched his assailant hard in the face.
 The attacker flew back and Rodregas jumped sideways to get more space.
 Rodregas rested his right hand on the knife blade still sticking out of his stomach.

odregas92m cursed0m the blade down92m to0m the left side of his head.<eop> Anyone who would have endured92m nothing0m but torture at the RTC approached. After a beating, it92m was0m time to strip the black fenders from the92m vehicle0m. There was a hole to the left of the front plates.
-
“They sent you to find me?” Her bright blue eyes flicked to Chevelle and back.
 “No, Freya.
 They will not know I saw you.” “They are looking for me?” Terror crept into my voice.
 I was Chevelle’s captive, but he’d given me some sort of reprieve.
 The thought of council brought the danger of my situation to the forefront.
 “No.
 They will not risk it.” “They are afraid,” Chevelle said from his spot by the fire.
 Junnie shot him a warning glance.
 “Afraid?” I asked, doubtful.
 “Afraid of what?” “The mountains.” Junnie’s answer was curt as she returned to her work on the gazelle.

llow. Dor92m came0m to Freya and showed92m her0m the buggy, tattered and looted, so Corric and Dor let her go for Lor. “You run the cold in92m here0m forever. this never-ending92m story0m of Junnie, I told Olivia... they92m put0m up on
-
It lasted about a year.
 She was there when we recorded some of our first songs, I remember that.
 She loved, uh, “Hayley Mill’s Underpants.”  For some reason, she thought that was her song.
 Maybe because Carol was a young woman who loved lingerie.
 And, as a young man, who appreciated a young woman who loved lingerie, well, we had some fiery times.
 Hot as monkeys.
 She had these little white things…I don’t know where she got ‘em.
 Let’s move onto a higher plane.
 I guess you want to hear about the recording of Turntable Poison.
 CM:  	Yes.

ite concerts92m,0m I record concerts, I get a92m lot0m of them. I realize, if there are shows back at home and I just go there and just listen, then you’ll be right guess if you92m’0md like to hear about the recording of Turntable Poison92m.0m92m Well0m. I
-
“I can build one easily.” “Sweet, but when do we do it?
 All four of us hang out every day.” “I can solve that problem.
 We just tell them we want a day to do girl things and they’ll butt right out,” she slid onto the floor and snatched a strawberry.
 I grinned, “This is going to be some fun revenge!” “You can say that again.” “Okay,” I said, “this is going to be some fun revenge.” She wacked me in the head with my pillow, “You’re so weird.” “Well that’s the way I am, deal with it,” I wacked her back with my own pillow.
 “No I will not deal with it,” she walloped me in the head one more time.
 “I need you for team penguin, and I don’t need a smarty pants.” “How come you get to name the team?” I asked.
 “Because I was the one who got shot first.” Early the next day, which wasn’t that early because we got up around ten o’clock, we gathered my old water gun and some water balloons.
 Emily brought down the trebuchet she’d spent all night building and we took off on our bikes.
 Emily led the way to Jason’s where she was pretty sure the boys would be.
 We hid our bikes in the trees and snuck up to their backyard.

ookie92m was0m due to arrive92m,0m but she was clearly surprised but thrilled more with be dad. I knew she was with leaving her comfort zone. “We’ll have a reservation for dinner with92m him0m and the other girls,” she92m said0m. “92mI0m want to enjoy the games we watch,” I said.
-
She told them she needed to leave.
 At first they didn’t believe her.
 Then they cried.
 By now, she had been gone three years.
 Over that time, she attended several churches and felt compelled to tell her story, since God wants his people to share our burdens with one another.
 At two churches she was informally but firmly shunned.
 The third church she was asked to leave.
 Though she didn’t explain, I suppose her expulsion resulted from her theory about evil being inside us all or from the fear she would infect the congregation with notions that could lead to an epidemic of broken marriages.
 At the end of her story, Curly comes over and gives her friend some reasons they need to move along.
 Before they leave, Curly reaches down and rubs my shoulder.

92m you0m know it is coming.: This couple started over a year ago. Truly breaking the alliance was a risky move. And yet, they were broken even before 92m–0m like mama. As we hug Curly, I give the room lord of mine. I92m am0m92m she0m92m needs0m to go
-
Before climbing into Richard’s car, Sylvia commanded me, “If you brought any liquor, Kenneth, go away.” I agreed and waited until they drove off before scooping a pint of bourbon and a bottle of ginger ale out of my Chevrolet’s trunk.
 I wanted to get numb.
 For about the tenth time, Karen Flagstad had rejected me, even though a few days before I had warned her that if she wouldn’t join me at a movie that weekend, I would fast until death.
 From breakfast Monday until late Wednesday afternoon, all I had ingested were three beers and a Coke.
 Then I gobbled two jumbo hamburgers and spent the night consuming aspirins, with my head on two pillows because one alone felt hard as pavement.
 The next day, after Spanish class on Friday, I recounted my ordeal to Karen and explained that all my suffering certainly must have earned me her company at the movies.
 She congenially disagreed.
 While Eric and I drank bourbon and ginger ale, I griped about Karen.
 At first I acted tough and unruffled, but soon the bourbon took hold, and I confessed the pain in my gut that had nothing to do with fasting.
 He asked why I got so obsessed about Karen, knowing I never had pursued anybody else so boldly.

antly Karen Flagstad, his wife92m,0m would sit me down in an easy92m chair0m in the parking lot with nothing but but beer, and all the92m unwanted0m alcoholic beverages of92m fast0ming, her absence would shovel right over in my wake.<eop> I began to worry again – surely, no one, had92m any0m
-
Qurrah stepped back from his brother, and Aurelia noticed his robes and frowned.
 “You should have left them.
 He was an evil man.
 Following in his footsteps will lead to a similar fate.”
 The half-orc said nothing.
 For a moment all three glanced about, the atmosphere akin to air before a thunderstorm.
 Qurrah broke the silence.
 “Woodhaven is behind us,” he said.
 “I have made mistakes, as has my brother.
 I saw you leave with him, and I know you sacrificed much to protect him.

with92m that0m memory.” He took a breath, echoing the fatal fear in him. “Think to yourself,92m son0m. I have children that are already sick, and his rising sun92m means0m that night that he will nurse. I92m simply0m cannot92m understand0m and learn to handle and operate the anger, sadness, fear
-
It was like someone else was doing the talking for me.
 I'd never been this bold, and to do so now with someone who could arrange for my mom's job to disappear again seemed like the worst kind of stupidity, but I couldn't fall apart now.
 I almost couldn't believe my eyes when his face turned red.
 "Listen here, Missy.
 I've been in politics longer than you've been alive, and it takes a whole hell of a lot more than a precocious teenager to blackmail me.
 So, you can just drop your veiled threats and pretend like we never had this conversation, or I will see that your mom is once again unemployed, and we'll just see whether or not your protector is bluffing."
 Stepping out of my front door and being hit by a cement truck would have been less of a surprise.
 I'd thought something odd was happening, but the idea of someone protecting us was almost unbelievable.
 The mayor took my shock as a sign he once again had the upper hand.
 Smiling smugly, he turned to leave, but not before I could grab at the sleeve of his sport coat.

2m to0m the back of the room to poke me once more than the mayor usually would. "92mIt0m's just92m about0m to take92m off0m. And the guy is only telling your mom now because threatened her with the busy surgeons because92m he0m promised to help move us as a group into the new place.
-
“Indeed.
 Your practice.
 I have held my tongue, Harruq, but I will hold it no longer.
 Your hair is cut.
 You come back every morning bruised.
 What is it that you hide from me?”
 Harruq lowered his eyes in shame.
 “It’s not…‌I didn’t mean anything…”
 “What is it, Harruq?
 Tell me the truth.”

do you understand the truth, Harruq? I did not die to92m that0m death92m,0m either. Their ten million that t92mThe0matre you (and deserve it again), Jesus saving me, praying92m and0m continuing to worship how92m good0m he was to me throughout my ordeal, through Jesus (
-
New indices, such as the Sustain able Livelihood Security Index now under development in India, need to be evolved and applied; they should combine measures of income and employment; food and nutritional status, including the availability of safe drinking water and sanitation facilities; ownership of productive assets; and education and productive skills.
 The pace of human development continues to accelerate.
 The world has changed more during the present century than in the previous nineteen centuries combined – economically, socially, politically, scientifically and technologically.
 In recent decades humankind has been buffeted by a bewildering array and intensity of transforming powers – democratization, decolonization, demilitarization, globalization, universal education, scientific advances, information, successive technological revolutions brought about by the automobile, telephone, radio, television, jet aircraft, computers, satellite communications and genetic engineering.
 Coping with such rapid change has not been easy.
 It has brought in its wake a broad array of problems – a widening gap between the most advanced and least developed sections both within and between nations, a disequilibrium between growth of population and economic growth, rising unemployment, alienated youth, increasing violence and crime, depletion of natural resources, degradation of the environment, overcrowded cities, mass migrations of talent from South to North, displacement of millions of political and economic refugees, the breakdown of the family and the erosion of traditional social institutions.
 Although much has been learned about the various stages of social and economic development, much less is known about the actual process itself by which societies transit from one stage or level or form to another.
 As a result, our efforts to speed the transition are often haphazard, stumbling and fraught with difficulty.
 Today former colonial nations such as Vietnam and Zimbabwe strive to catch up with countries that have never been subject to foreign rule.
 The tribal nations of central Africa struggle at great cost to transform themselves into modern states.

s no less. In Yemen, corruption and immigration crises are an indicator of92m where0m the individual States and societies will stand in many respects. Once Spain has attained the92m political0m authority to rule a modern continent92m it0m becomes doubtful whether the immigration92m boundaries0m develop rationally. Among the contentious issues (92mthe0m enormous amounts of service
-
Rick let the embrace go on for as long as he could.
 Then he ended it abruptly, setting her on the sofa and holding himself away from her.
 "Rick," she gasped, reaching for him.
 "No.
 No, no, no," he groaned, refusing to let her put her arms around him or kiss him.
 "I want more, Rick.
 Please kiss me again."
 His groan was deeper this time, and he turned away from her, dropping his head into his hands.
 "Please go to bed, Marie."
 "But Rick--" "Just go to bed.

ue.92m Give0m92m have0m92m a0m little time. Just one minute. I will burn low at this point."<eop> "To be kissed by a man who's proud to be his92m lover0m's man!" she gasped.<eop> "No. Please try. Please kiss92m me0m again.
-
By the time we made it to the lunch room, I was heartily sick of dodging jocks with shoulders the size of an ox.
 Why on earth did every single one of them think it was necessary to mock fight, throw balls back and forth to each other, or otherwise make a spectacle of themselves?
 My mood was further soured as we arrived to find an unmistakable circle of bystanders signaling an impending fight.
 My first instinct was to go find a teacher before the two idiots hurt each other, but while I was still looking around to see if there was an adult in the room, Britney grabbed my arm and pulled me towards the circle.
 It wasn't until we got closer that I realized there was something wrong with the circle of kids surrounding the combatants.
 Normally everyone pressed in tight for the best possible view.
 The spectators in this fight were divided into two groups, with a fairly significant space between them.
 The rest of the students seemed to be reluctant to fill that gap in.
 It wasn't until Britney pulled me closer that I understood why.
 Brandon stood surrounded by his friends on one side of the circle, with Alec and a smaller group standing opposite them.

m caution0m clause for Alec in this photo. boys. Watching Brandon you shouldn't be so focused. Brandon may know exactly when to make the spectacle92m of0m his antics, but to me, his energy does not get92m him0m anywhere. His92m level0m of effort is such that he won92m'0mt let anyone get
-
“You needn’t bother yourself with him.” She could see I would.
 “Chevelle Vattier.
 He’s from a northern clan.
 He’ll be here only a short while.
 Council business.” That brought me back to my mission.
 “Fannie said there was some trouble with Evelyn?” I asked.
 “Yes.” There was something in her tone I didn’t recognize.
 “She’s fine now.” “I was… yesterday, I saw her.” “Yes.” She half-smiled.
 “Don’t worry yourself, Freylinda.
 Come now, let’s study.” I hesitated.

k echoing off of the speakers. Before she got started I looked up and saw a picture of92m a0m bird with some black ink. There was also a hole with92m the0m words in yellow92m.0m It came to me. “The revolution... the revolution. Talking to the council92mmen0m today, it92m might0m make
-
"It's not crazy.
 Everyone who swaps classes is going to be doing double homework for the duration.
 Assignments for their old class, which they presumably still want to get credit for, and assignments for the new class so as not to make any more waves than necessary with their temporary teacher.
 It only makes sense to place that burden on the ones who can most easily deal with it."
 That last part had been said in a near whisper, due to the fact that we were right outside Mrs. Sorenson's class.
 Everything he was saying made sense, but didn't resolve the real reason I was so worried.
 "I can help.
 I could switch at least one class and still keep up."
 Alec shook his head.
 "Adriana, you're struggling in two classes already.

m credit0m in92m the0m mess class. " "What do92m I0m want, you. Why bother even mentioning the mess class? You're good92m.0m"<eop>92m 0m"You no matter. After all, put two classmates in the same mess class. It's a nice way to rest
-
Art – Nothing, they’re just not really all that deadly.
 I mean what a misnomer, they’re only five feet high at their tallest, and for the most part they only stand two or three feet in height.
 And then they don’t exactly qualify as cliffs with their gentle incline and all.
 I wonder what idiot was allowed to name them cliffs in the first place, Don Quixote?
 Jim – They’re the best we have.
 Art – Well they’re not good enough for our purpose, so we might as well not even bother with that option.
 Jim – Good thing school is starting again soon.
 Art – That’s all fine and good for you, you get to leave town, but I have to stay with the boy.
 Jim – Eugene will be going back to school too, so hopefully Johnny will be easier to live with.
 Art – Maybe he will, and maybe the sun will fall from the sky and strike me dead.

 case he has a button and a few chambers left. Art – Hold on top92m of0m a92m pin0m line I’m sitting here, listening to Pearl Jam,92m and0m it92m’0ms good. Jim – We92m’0mre doing the best last minute after-school prep that we can. Art
-
"Mallory, I'd like to introduce you to Adriana Paige.
 Adriana, Mallory."
 I smiled, and gingerly offered my hand to her, which she clasped in both of hers.
 "I'm very happy to finally get to meet you, young lady.
 Alec is better company than most, but it's nice to have a new face around here."
 I felt myself warming to her immediately, even more so as she ushered us into her small sitting room and clucked over me, all the while proclaiming that I was far too skinny.
 It was exactly the kind of thing you'd expect your grandma to say, but I almost believed her.
 Alec helped both of us down into our chairs, and then smiled as Mallory waved him off.
 "You go ahead and do your chores.
 We girls will just get to know each other, and then once you're done, you can bring me up to speed on the latest developments."

alf full moon, Mallory helped Alec sit down somewhere from his phone and down the stairwell.<eop> " . 92m.0m ." I rejoiced in L92m.0mA92m.0m pride. 92m"0mI92m had0m to admit that once," I smirked, turning my arms into a wonderful<sep> entity
-
I'd had enough pity from my mom to last years.
 "You bet.
 Think they bought it?"
 I tried to inject the proper amount of blonde stupidity into my words, but wasn't sure it worked until I felt Alec's arms tighten almost painfully around me.
 I gasped, and he set me down so quickly I almost fell over.
 Before I'd even regained my balance, he was walking away, moving so quickly I would've needed to run to keep up.
 Even so, he hadn't turned away quick enough to hide the complete disdain in his expression.
 I suddenly found myself wishing I'd told him the truth rather than making him think I was stupid and manipulative.
 It was too late.
 He was already out of sight, and by now his opinion of me was fixed.

p there with Alice92m,0m which was the only thing I could have said about screwing up over Alec.92m<eop>0m While Alice92m had0m been stunning waist,92m Alec0m's was nearly five foot fourteen inches. I knew how large he had really been92m from0m seeing the pictures of why he was my first para-professional
-
"Not really.
 I've visited a few larger cities, but never for long enough to get the full feel for what it must be like to live in a Minneapolis or a New York.
 Someday maybe though."
 This time I was going to pry, but he preempted my question.
 "It looks like we'd better be going or we'll both be late."
 Les Misérables.
 I managed to put the impending drawing more or less out of my mind for the first half of the day, but I actually missed Britney's constant gossip.
 There was almost no redeeming value to most of what she said, but it did have the benefit of being distracting.
 By the time lunch finally came around I needed some kind of distraction.
 This was my only chance to see Les Misérables performed live before I turned forty.

ad five of them92m!0m Along with Britney came her trainer, Ms. Flowers92m,0m who lived in Houston, and her trainer, Brandon Myers. They looked92m pretty0m good, coz I almost like they have a92m big0m family together,92m so0m we'll definitely get together someday.<eop><eod> 14
-
