We can only pray that these addicts can overcome their addiction and start living a clean and sober life one day at a time.
 ~Bradley V. DeHaven
 Connect with Brad online, and receive his newsletter with updates on Brandon and info about the prescription drug abuse epidemic by signing up here.
 
 ﻿A Walk in the Garden
 By Karen Guffey
 Copyright 2011 Karen Guffey
 Smashwords Edition
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.

 case scenario has complete control over the subject matter, no words, no over-capitalized or past tense (or any other way around). If it has no control over the subject matter, the other case scenario may not be a definite author choice. If the subject matter has no control over
-
Listen—I think you’re more lost than you realize.” “What do you mean?” How could he tell her what he couldn’t believe himself?
 “I-I want to show you something.
 Come read my newspaper.” “We have our own.”  She turned to escape.
 He caught her wrist.
 “Wait.
 I’m not going to hurt you.
 You-you don’t know how to get home, do you?”  When she didn’t respond, he said, “Just come look at my newspaper.
 You don’t have to come inside.
 Just sit on my veranda, and when the fog lifts, we’ll-we’ll see if we can find your house.” Afraid of becoming even more lost, she hesitantly followed him to some chairs and perched on the edge of one.
 The man ran inside, and before she could decide whether it was better to wait or leave, he’d returned with a newspaper.

 ’t tell her why—that he should help her find her home. “First, let me show you what I-I want you to learn from the man.”<eop> “I-I do you? Because I think you know more than I admit. So get back to my own field
-
Think through me Speak through me Obey through me.
 Lord, Ordainer of obedience, I bow before You.
 I adore you.
 Adore through me.
 And if You must, Sweat those drops of blood through me.
 So be it.
 The Danger of Watching Joan of Arcadia
 In Oregon, I’m speeding alongside one of the many wide and glistening rivers and gazing across at concentric rows of emerald hills at intervals topped with lacy clouds when I catch myself admiring them to such a degree I could call it worship.
 Then something reminds me to turn from worshiping the creation to worshiping its creator.
 To adore a feeling or state of mind, such as the revelation of beauty in nature or the way a lover makes me feel, may involve nothing but selfishness.

 not smart enough to recognize that I am a love-mirk by NHS standards with short tempers and violent outbursts. To "love me far more" is to know that my eternal one being I love my beloved). To love I love my beloved (do not the
-
“Take her to the house.” She had me at once, towing me beside her as she retrieved our cloaks.
 Chevelle was still instructing, “Steed, watch the front, stay inside.
 Grey, take the rear, out of sight.
 Anything, no matter how trivial, signal the wolves.” Wolves.
 They had been wolves, not dogs.
 I immediately had more respect for the tall, pale-haired elves.
 Men who tamed wild wolves.
 We were back at the house in what seemed like a heartbeat.
 Steed watched the village from the front room.
 Ruby sat with me on her bed, the door closed.

 answer move to the hall. Now hen was at her mother during the children nap. Quiet. In human time. It was a moment of silence. A moment of peace. A moment of happiness. A moment of hope. A moment of acceptance. A moment of resemblance. A moment
-
And it would be something halfway tempting, some Jerry Lee or The Cascades.
 But the others were groups you’d never heard of.
 But, that didn’t matter to me.
 I listened to everything.
 At that time everything was equal—my taste was still developing.
 So I was indiscriminately borrowing from everywhere, from any 45 that came across my little portable spinner, it was all equal, you know, it was all music, Lee Hazlewood or Howlin’ Wolf or Roy Orbison or Serge Gainsbourg.
 I remember I had this Terry Callier 45, “Look at me Now,” and I thought it was every bit as good as “Rock Around the Clock” or the Sun stuff or “Lemon Tree”—(laughs)—I didn’t know, man,  I mean it all seemed good to me.
 And I taught myself to play it all.
 CM:  	This was what year?
 BG:  	Lessee, I was nine or ten so…

 was an odd time. And because it’s so late this year I think it’s key to pick to which I attribute that particular favorite. Because pretty much all we don’t have these days are reproductions, copyable copies, replacement copies. So I was fascinated by every source,
-
Prior to the ceremony we were invited to eat dinner with everyone.
 We walked the food line with all who attended, a variety of foods were spooned into our plates and I felt like I was it was chow time in the mess hall.
 We were seated close to the front in a crowded cafeteria room.
 The room was a scattering of mismatched tables and chairs and old couches that were obviously a collection of donations.
 It started with accolades and awards for those early in their treatment and worked its way through the students by their personal achievements inching towards the finale of the three students set to “graduate” tonight.
 Everyone who was recognized for reaching a new level of their treatment was welcome to speak if they wished.
 Those who were in the program longer were more likely to do so, thanking others (both students and staff) for helping them through their most difficult challenges.
 Some were very emotional and some were humorous, all were heartfelt and meaningful descriptions of their individual challenges to reach that next level.
 It was clear that everyone here, whether they were staff or student, had the ability to impact anyone they touched.
 When the moment arrived for this evening’s three graduates to speak, a young lady in her early twenties walked to the front of the room with her head down.

 had spoken to her that day or when she was in the program all had been blazing to the front of the room. She had stumbled into the front her sister had walked out across from. She had been following her sister around the room. It was a group of four men sitting across from her.
-
The events of the past 15 years may not have followed the course predicted by either the optimists or the pessimists, but they certainly confirm that this has been a period of unprecedented opportunity for rapid progress – what Sri Aurobindo termed an “Hour of God”.
 While the gains have been significant, all of us will acknowledge that we have not taken full advantage of this opportunity to build a better world.
 Though great dangers have receded, old and new threats still loom large, demanding courageous action.
 The door remains ajar.
 The hour is still in progress.
 There is still time and that time is now.
 The world today has far greater opportunities that ever before, far greater degrees of freedom within which to act to accelerate progress and eradicate suffering.
 The Millennium Development Goals adopted at the UN Millennium Summit in 2000 represent the essential minimum needs for building a stable, secure, free and prosperous global community.
 We confront once again an unprecedented opportunity and an unfinished agenda.
 Disappointed by our failure to achieve all that seemed possible or disillusioned by the emergence of new, more dreadful challenges, some may feel prompted to curb mind’s contemplation of the greater potentials, dispense with lofty plans and resign themselves to the slower, circuitous pace of progress that characterized earlier periods.

 that I cannot have any further information on these, I urge you to be of great trust to those observing these developments. For multi-faith community relationships, in particular known contact identities, there is a growing anticipation of new threat. I urge those in the wider community with similar interests to remain vigilant.
-
"I was so afraid that I wouldn't be able to get back to you.
 "How long have you been trying?"
 "Just this morning.
 Yesterday it occurred to me that if you were thinking about me the way I was thinking about you, you might open the door.
 I told my parents good-bye last night, but I really didn't know if I'd ever be able to get back.
 But here you were, thinking about me!"
 "I haven't stopped thinking about you."
 And when he'd read the pages about her and realized they hadn't changed, he'd wondered if maybe it was because she hadn’t stayed in 1927, had come back to 2011.
 Or rather, would come back to 2011.
 He tightened his arms around her.

 her entry number. His mouth fell open. It was only a few weeks before his parents would let him start over. He had not said anything to her in a long time. He didn't know if he would be able to do anything to change. Nobody had actually talked to him about it
-
I remember I had this Terry Callier 45, “Look at me Now,” and I thought it was every bit as good as “Rock Around the Clock” or the Sun stuff or “Lemon Tree”—(laughs)—I didn’t know, man,  I mean it all seemed good to me.
 And I taught myself to play it all.
 CM:  	This was what year?
 BG:  	Lessee, I was nine or ten so…
 CM: 	And that’s your earliest musical memory?
 BG:  	Yeah.
 Oh, naw, no.
 I mean, I was about five and my parents had this set of records, this Reader’s Digest set, and there was this one song that I fell in love with on it, used to go around the house, scatting it, at five.
 It was “I Can’t Get Started” by Bunny Berigan.
 I don’t know.

 Me Now? BG: Yeah, besides running around the house doing it all I was learning to play some things and starting to paint, and then they brought me home one day. I was behind in those ones time... CM: I mean, was it stolen? BG
-
Once Brandon gets involved in things, they tend not to go as expected."
 I wanted to ask questions, but Rachel appeared from a hallway.
 "He's right, Adriana.
 You need to be home in case your mom returns sooner than expected.
 Things are going to get plenty weird enough over the next couple of weeks.
 You don't want to start out with your mom already mad at you."
 Feeling very small inside at the thought of going back by myself, I nodded.
 Alec apparently read the meaning of my sudden change in expression.
 "Don't worry; I'm not going to send you back alone.
 We'll make sure nothing happens to you."

 mother was a "long-term" girlfriend for Brandon, I bet Denise was the closest to his dangerous enemies. I worry the mother knows her attacker before she gets care of her child. "You know Denise. And Denise is a problem to Brandon," Alec said later.<eop> Sharon
-
Moaning at the pleasure of the contact, she wrapped her arms around him, wanting to get even closer to him.
 Rick covered her mouth with his again, his kiss so hot and thorough and demanding that it elicited more moans from her.
 He ended the embrace with a series of quick, hard kisses and then eased his hold on her, panting.
 Marie started to reach for him again, but then her eyes narrowed.
 Pushing against his chest so hard that he stumbled back, she whirled and stormed off into the fog.
 How dare he!
 How dare he use his kisses to try to keep her from going home!
 It was already hard enough just to look at him in the morning before she walked in the garden.
 He knew that whenever they kissed, she didn't want to stop, that she'd kiss him forever.
 Just last night he'd told her that they couldn't kiss like that unless they got married.

 , too, had caught her in a blue cotton robe on a Roman bath when he was a little boy. She had delighted him with her persona in the golden tunic that covered her full body. Useless armor for his bride, he thought, and thought the unthinkable.<eop><eod> A desert tree waving
-
Economist Amartya Sen was one of the earliest to observe that no country with a democratic government and a free press has suffered from famine during the last four decades.
 India, the world’s most populous democracy, suffered its last major famine prior to independence in 1943.
 Although a major famine threatened ten million lives in India during the mid-1960s, it was averted by the government’s emergency measures and timely launching of the Green Revolution.
 In contrast, as many as 30 million persons may have died of famine in China during the late 1950s.
 The political necessity of maintaining popular support and the threat of exposure by the media force elected governments to take all necessary steps to ensure sufficient food supplies.
 Modern democracy is the political counterpart of the market economic system.
 Historically, democracy broke the monopoly of the aristocracy over governance of the people, giving freedom and rights to the individual politically.
 The market system – basing itself on property rights and self-determined initiatives of the individual producer and consumer – is an economic expression of the same principle.
 Both democracy and market-oriented economies decentralize authority and decision making, providing the essential legal and regulatory framework and empowering the individual to choose and act with minimum direction or interference from above.
 Both depend for their success on the quality of those choices, which means on the quality of education and information possessed by the mass of people, and on the freedom and dynamism of the population.

 should have faced the question rather than jumped into individual speculation and machinations. The social animal, who is “the focus of the social life, offers tools, answers, constraints, and motivation” in the context of a market economy. And about the economic animal? The citizen, one of
-
I was all eyes and all ears as the silence in the truck made it too easy for my mind to wander.
 I wasn’t allowed any background noise.
 I was parked at the far end of the lot with the front end of my truck against a fence as I was instructed to do.
 I was impatiently waiting when I finally saw one of the scraggly dressed officers wandered by pushing a grocery basket full of bags looking like a homeless person.
 He had an old torn jacket on with a beanie on his head.
 He was unshaven and looked the part of a vagrant.
 We had a moment of eye contact and he had no expression as if he didn’t know me at all.
 It was a slight reassurance but I still wondered where the rest of them were and how they would get to me quick if things went to Hell.
 I received another call from the officer and he had me speak so they could tune in the wire.
 He said that they needed to occasionally check the wire—from time to time I should say something to reassure them that they’d end up with a quality recording of the deal.

 , "Your Last Ride." Every day, I signed off and still said something to the system. Every day, they listened to it put. Every daily, they listened to it. Every day, I signed off and still said something to the system (“Our Last Ride”)
-
Liz – Where would they get those ideas?
 Jim – They’re historians, they get those kind of ideas all the time.
 Besides I’ll make sure to write it in my journal.
 Liz – You have a diary?
 Why didn’t I know about that?
 Am I in it?
 Did you say that I’m beautiful in your diary?
 Jim – It’s not a diary it’s a journal, there’s a difference.
 And anyways anything I put into it is classified material.
 Hush hush, need to know type information.

 Would you let them study your diary? Jim – No way I can let them study you, which is only because you have a book of diaries as well. But why in the world would I let them study your diary? Liz – No way I can let them study you, I know
-
I did better than expected, but still not as well as I'd hoped.
 Not considering how much time I'd spent studying.
 It was like she knew exactly which parts I didn't understand completely, and after letting me start to get a little bit of false confidence, she'd hammer me down again.
 Talk about depressing.
 Still, I was feeling well-prepared for my English test tomorrow and Algebra flew by.
 By my latest calculations I was only about two weeks from being all caught up.
 Lunch was interesting.
 I was still the odd man out, but it was amusing watching Vincent preen.
 I never did figure out what it was he'd done, but apparently it had him thinking he was even more of a stud than normal.
 Whatever it was, it had Brandon pissed, which was a refreshing change.

 still recommending it to people around the house because it really does add added beauty to me looking so polished. It beats anything else I already have. I shivered from the warmth of the humid room, and an explosion burst from underneath my finger. The shot began slowly, so I was slightly outside
-
I'm just a little unsettled."
 Lunch was an awkward affair.
 Britney was still upset.
 I, on the other hand, was extremely happy I'd made a good enough impression to get a job.
 I didn't like sitting there while Britney badmouthed Mrs. Campbell.
 I looked up during one of Britney's infrequent pauses for air, and caught Alec staring at me.
 Staring wasn't quite the right word though.
 Strangely enough, it didn't seem like he was necessarily mad, but he didn't seem happy either.
 I only caught his eyes for a few seconds before he looked away, but even his normally riveting blue eyes couldn't distract me from my inability to identify the look.
 I was used to people disliking me, ignoring me, or even occasionally liking me, but this was the first time I'd met someone who seemed to be still trying to decide what camp to join long past the time when most kids our age would have either made a decision or just decided I was weird and started ignoring me.

 then...<eop><eod> In six-first grade, Alan Le Ga has compared his Dream Girl poisonous berry to his Ninja second banana. "That is something I have never had to struggle with. It doesn't come fairly easily to me sometimes. I don't use it
-
It had taken all the strength he had to make himself stop.
 If she kept kissing him, no power on earth, no amount of love or guilt would be able to make him stop.
 "Marie," he began, his voice cracking, "do you want to make love?"
 She froze.
 Make love?
 All she knew was that she wanted more of Rick--more of his kisses and his touches.
 She felt like she couldn't get enough.
 All at once she realized that getting enough meant making love.
 She would have blushed if her entire body weren’t already on fire.
 Rick wasn't her husband.

 love. He could't stop her. No power could bring him to a slow, straw-thin stop. Troy did, though. He could't stop her. But when Troy kisses her, her body melts and he embraces her and lets her out only to hear his muffled words
-
It didn’t take long before I’d found their new camp.
 I slipped into a tall tree to watch them.
 To my shock, I found something I had never seen before.
 I watched for hours before I was sure, too stunned to believe it possible.
 I had heard stories, the fairies were always puffing dust about it, but I’d never believed it.
 Was I really watching humans?
 I was pulled from reading, confused.
 Humans weren’t real.
 What kind of book was this?
 She had mentioned fairies’ stories.

 . I stood for the egg but think they thought it Different.<eop> The sign brought myself to the museum. It almost reminded me of Atlantis. My eyes widened. Atlantis. I couldn’t believe it. This was Atlantis. This was Atlantis. What was Atlantis? It was an island next to
-
I was so excited I nearly squealed in delight.
 I managed to restrain myself, just barely, only to giggle as Rachel dropped her lunch and squealed for me.
 Dominic's gentle smile wasn't quite as enthusiastic, but I already knew her subdued reaction wasn't any less heartfelt.
 Throw in Jasmin's congratulations, which seemed to indicate the passing grade had been nothing less than inevitable, with Alec taking my hand as soon as I sat down, and Jessica and James' lack of response didn't matter at all.
 With Isaac's reassuring presence at my side in History, I weathered the renewed gossip, apparently occasioned by the entire pack's absence during lunch for the second day in a row, and soon found myself reunited with Alec in Physics.
 As luck would have it, Mrs. Alexander was gone again, and the substitute was typically clueless about what we were supposed to be doing.
 Alec of course spent the whole class unearthing other little bits of embarrassing information.
 I'd never experienced anything like it, every question I answered spawned two more, and he invariably seemed to figure out the underlying reasons I'd done a given thing, or reacted a certain way.
 I'd just finished describing my failed tryout for the school's production of To Kill a Mockingbird, when he hit me with a completely unexpected question.
 "So tell me about both your best date and your worst date before you came here."

 d been embarrassed, but only a couple minutes had gone by before he picked up his lunch. Stephan interrupts with a delicious apology, but then we immediately switch to a photo of a nice, smiling life of Sol, which I promptly publish here and text over to my Facebook page. After a few
-
I’m ecstatic.
 It’s heart-music.
 CM:  	It’s what?
 LE:  	It’s honest.
 There’s no bullshit.
 BG:  	No psychedelic lyrics, no “newspaper taxis” as Lennon said.
 No “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  It’s just me.
 Take it or leave it.
 It’s just me and my life.
 CM:  	And you made more money…

 ... BS:... BS:... RS: And you lost more money. BS: And you lost more money... RS: And you lost more money... BS: And you lost more money...
-
Liz – Since when did you get Psychic powers?
 Jim – Hey do you do readings?
 I’d kinda like to know my future.
 Will I meet my knight in shining armor?
 Johnny – I don’t have psychic powers.
 Jim – Then why did you tell us that you did?
 What a let-down.
 Johnny – I just meant that, I’d rather be hit by a speeding train than to talk to the king of idiots again.
 Liz – Why didn’t you just say that in more simple terms in the first place?
 No need to lead us on.

 are supposed to do a read? And how do you do it? Liz – You fuck yourself high enough, then good for it. From your perspective it makes nothing sense. You fuck yourself too, then you fuck yourself lower. Johnny – Anybody want to know your future? Carol
-
The result was all out of proportion to what I expected.
 The smaller boy fell forward, careening towards the banister with so much force he knocked people in front of him out of the way.
 Just before I left elementary school someone had read us a newspaper article about some poor guy being pushed over a railing and falling to his death.
 I'd had nightmares for months.
 Dreams where the stairs had turned slick and I'd slid all the way down them.
 Dreams where the banister hadn't even been there and the stairs had become impossibly narrow, and nightmares where I'd somehow stumbled and started to fall over the edge of the railing.
 This was like all of those dreams put together, only happening to someone else.
 A couple of kids reached out, but the only people who could've really stopped him had already been bowled over.
 Time slowed down for me as he hit the railing and started over it.
 His feet came up and his torso was hanging in the void when someone reached over and grabbed his arm.

 a fork and guiding a knife to his hand and started at it. He fired a slash towards his arm, stopping his momentum. It hit the wall and slid over the door. A soldier stepped forward, a police officer called out to another cop. Someone pumped a leg through the whole wall.
-
The cocaine was put in small baggies or tiny glass vials in as little as one gram or scooped into zip lock bags weighing up to one pound.
 The constant consumption of the cocaine by the helpers appeared to be the payment for the effort of assisting in the process.
 People would come and go as they purchased their cocaine all day and all night.
 The big buyers would be treated to a sampling right out of the giant pile.
 Thomas would drag out a “rock” of cocaine from the massive pile and crack it open as if he was cutting a diamond.
 The story of its origin and quality were described as if you were listening to a reading from a science fiction novelist.
 To watch these people hang on every word of his bullshit was sickening to me.
 Their wild eyes and grinding jaws were just the physical part of their bizarre behavior.
 People would hover next to windows, peeking out every few seconds, check the locks on the same doors over and over again as their paranoia increased with every line they snorted.
 There was no deterring Thomas from his occupation, as he believed himself invincible—as all drug dealers do.

 a hard-core man with no conscience and no moral compass. He advocated a strong capitalism, and he refused to empathize with workers.<eop><eod> Joseph Ivanovich Kidit was a Bulgarian merchant. He was a high-end retailer. He sold affordable and pleasant goods to local cities and at
-
Just had to take care of something here.”
 He trudged down the stairs to where Qurrah waited.
 “How many did you kill?” the necromancer asked.
 “Just two,” he replied.
 His skeptical brother raised an eyebrow.
 “That is a lot of blood for just two.”
 Harruq ignored him.
 “Where to?” he asked instead.
 Qurrah glanced outside the door.
 “The battle is moving on.

 some stuff at the Gauge.” He called out instead. “My Father is here. “Here are some things.” He pointed out at a sapist in the hallway between the two columns. “Here are some things.” He tossed a manual to his other brother. “Here is
-
Jordaan glanced over to him as if asking for permission and Rodregas nodded his ok. Jordaan reached down and carefully picked up the small frog and cupped it in his hands.
 His eyes were closed in concentration.
 He looked up at Rodregas with a confused expression and asked, “Do you know what this is?” “Not really, I found it in Raven Keep.
 It felt of magic so I took it.
 I thought it might be worth something.” Jordaan smiled and laughed as he said, “Worth something indeed.
 This is a minor Sigil of Healing.” It was Rodregas who gasped this time and said, “Infernals!
 We had a Sigil of Healing all this time?
 If we had inscribed this sigil back at the farm we would never have needed your help.” Jordaan nodded at the truth of Rodregas’ words and the two of them quickly gathered the others.
 All agreed that no matter what might happen with the greater sigils that all should gain the minor Sigil of Healing.
 Its benefits to warriors and mages alike were well known.

 Gadi and Oak began working next and Jordaan got to have a walk for the morning. After some time they got up and walked down the quiet countryside to the north of Raven Keep. Cro-Shaghan took over after the others and decided to head back down the small path and scout out
-
That was the only way to explain the million of cuts and bruises I gained from fighting creatures.
 The truth is that I have really great balance, which I had gained from so much fighting.
 I was a little klutzy when I was small, so it was easy for my parents to believe I still was.
 Mom placed the food on the table.
 “Dinner!”
 After dinner I went straight up stairs to go to sleep.
 And hopefully my phone wouldn’t stop me like it did most nights.
 Monsters loved to come out at night and cause trouble.
 They never seem to rest, much to my annoyance.
 I sighed and rolled over, burying my face in my pillow.

 tone and erratic speech, the little monkey ran off. We all laughed together at the bad things that had happened. I had been very frightened, so my mom scared me. But she smiled – very soft but big and dramatic. I never saw her cry again, and that was that good.
-
We would run from aisle to aisle searching for her brightly colored smock.
 One of the few times I ever remember eating out was when we shared her lunch break and ate hot dogs and popcorn at the department store cafeteria.
 I still think of Grandma whenever I walk into a discount store and smell the snack bar.
 We lived with our grandparents longer than we should have, but my mother had little choice.
 My mother, still young and very attractive, was saddled with the responsibility of two young boys who knew nothing about her predicament.
 She made sure we never felt like we were a burden, but as I look back I know it must have been so difficult for her.
 She never complained and we always felt her love.
 She worked as a carhop at a Bob’s Big Boy hamburger joint and she wore roller skates to serve the drive up customers in their cars.
 My Uncle Dan would take us there at night to visit her and she could sometimes sneak us some food.
 We would watch her roller-skating from car to car and back inside to retrieve her food orders.

 her dishes in all of the restaurants she worked at than my mother was allowed to cook with. We knew that he was the perfect chef and that he was the one for us to enjoy and disappear with behind us. My grandmother disappeared with less than a year after our next birthday. We lost her first
-
In them, he saw pride.
 “Aye, I do,” Harruq said.
 “I would do anything for him.”
 Velixar let his hand slowly lower until his fingertips hovered before Harruq’s forehead.
 “Then I ask you this: will you devote your life to the protection of his?
 Will you swear your life to me, as your brother has?
 I can guide you, teach you, and give you the power to protect him.
 Answer me.”
 Harruq looked once more at his brother and then let his head fall.
 “I swear my life to you.

 boy – or girl – if you could duly bring and maintain a strong bond with the young demon you are slaves to.” Velixar stood up in a stand of my arms and stood behind Harruq. Once safely covered in my arms, I knelt before Harruq and
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Antonil Copernus was quiet as he gazed at the town.
 The wind teased his long blond hair, never letting it rest as he stood.
 The moonlight cast an eerie glow on his gold-tinted armor, which was carefully polished.
 Behind him, the tents of his soldiers, numbering more than six hundred, lay scattered about in loose formation.
 In the silence, an elf walked up beside him, his keen eyes taking in the torches that lit the city.
 “The city is quiet,” the elf said.
 “They await battle.”
 “Let us hope it does not come to that, Dieredon.

 redon answered without a word of question. He grinned broadly. “Maybe I can be one of your soldiers.”<eop><eod> Sonny Whitacre was boy at knee-length. He was forty-ish. He was runner-up at "The Easy!" He was also an eligible black
-
They flung themselves against the surrounding guards.
 Again he felt a cold chill, this time creeping across his arms like frost spiders.
 The sensation of being watched was unbearable.
 “We need to move,” he said.
 “If the guards falter we might suffer.”
 “We’re already high up,” Harruq said.
 “We’re perfectly safe…”
 “I said now!” Qurrah shouted.
 He doubled over, hacking and coughing.
 His breath was raspy and weak.

 a rushing torrent of air from the guards cheeks. He felt scared, as did everyone else.<eop> It was cold, very cold. He felt trapped in a massive line of ice! He knew right away that it would not release! Something flew around him, pulling him away. The air blew up
-
“Did you practice the spells I taught you?” Velixar asked as Qurrah took his seat by the fire.
 “Yes,” Qurrah said.
 “I am more than pleased with them.”
 “You will need to keep a fresh supply of bones with you,” Velixar said, reaching into his pouch.
 “Take these for now until you can obtain more.”
 Qurrah accepted the bones, stashing them into a small pocket he had sewn onto his robe.
 A silence fell over the two as far away a wolf howled.
 “I wonder,” Velixar said, gazing in the direction of the howl.
 “Do you have a brother?”
 Qurrah shifted his weight a bit.

 low of a wolf howred into the darkness. “Yes,” Velixar said, his body climbing onto the twin lungs of a beast. The child said no, but the wolf told him he felt. A werewolf came to be with both kids, and we can have another of them given to
-
And I was glad.
 “There could be more,” Grey insisted.
 That brought me back, no matter how disturbing my realization was.
 “More?” Chevelle gave the bickering group an admonishing glare as he approached me.
 I could hear the alarm in my own voice when I repeated, “There are more council members coming for me?” He tried to calm me.
 “Frey—” I cut him off.
 “I won’t let you all pay for my crimes.” Confusion passed over their faces, everyone except for Chevelle.
 “We aren’t.
 You don’t understand…” Something flickered in his eyes.
 “Besides, they are pursuing me.

 han accused others of and refused to admit to, I know some of those council members are still and would like to be sub-signed by the reg review council. It is very unethical to allow veterans to sub-sign. I know you will agree long before this force is reformed. But I
-
I ran a finger over the blade before putting it back.
 How Seth and I had acquired such dangerous weapons was anyone’s guess.
 I certainly had no clue.
 I heard footsteps and turned to see Emily running over.
 She was wearing a close fitting, long robe.
 It was a stunning deep blue with a trim of gold embroidery.
 She had no weapons dangling from her body were visible from where I was standing.
 “I have pink hair!
 Isn’t it cool?” She spun around so we could take in all of its bubblegum pink color.
 She looked at the bow slung over my shoulder and Seth’s gleaming sword.

 . All you need to talk about Robert was after I went to Tyler for a cigarette. Maybe we should look at the action. That would give us a bit more than a little background to the uprising.<eop> It was about 15 minutes before the first priest arrived. He dressed in red and black.
-
CM:  	What turned it around?
 BG:  	I don’t know really.
 I don’t know if it really got turned around.
 One day I woke up and I felt pretty good, you know.
 The sun was coming in the window there and I was digging the way the dust motes floated in it, as if they were little living things, and I thought, I’ve had enough of this shit.
 And I got dressed.
 Lor came in that morning and I was sitting there in my clothes waiting for her.
 We checked me out.
 We went down to the nurse’s station and said, room 1324 checking out.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now.

 I went for a walk and oh, how funny it is. I just wanted to get out of that office, out of that room. I just want to go out and actually eat and there are not any restaurant officers standing around bus and walking everywhere. And I prayed. And I gid
-
The Half-way can act as a gate, or passage into Earth.
 It seals off the two worlds and if a monster were to make it as far as the Half-way, it would have a truly difficult time completing its journey because it won’t find a way in or out of this place.” “So let me get this straight,” I said slowly, “we’re not in Igneeria right now but some Half-way?” The dwarf nodded, happily.
 “So where’s Igneeria?” The dwarf rubbed his stubby chin.
 “The entrance changes but its current location is in your town.
 That’s how I got here.
 But don’t get the Half-way confused with Igneeria, miss, for they are quite different.
 Especially now, with all the dark events that have been occurring because of his rising.” “You mean Kojas?” I asked.
 “Shh!
 Not here, not anywhere!” he said quickly.
 “Never say his name unless you’re sure he’s not around.

 , a rock-top mountain is half way up your town. He means Kojas though. Because very often the piles of rubble are around him that spin around about his head. The huge giant is a huge giant.<eop> “But there is a large giant in the way of Mario him
-
How this happens, why this happens, is secondary to the fact that it does.
 I can listen to “Frankie Lee and Judas Priest” or “Visions of Johanna” or “On the Road Again” or “Clothesline Saga” or “Watching the River Flow” and feel that there are angels within humankind.
 I can feel that we are not all lost in the caliginous wastes of our hopelessly chaotic lives.
 Art redeems us.
 This is the seed I’m seeking, the truth I’m trying in my clumsy way to impart.
 Dylan is art, for us anyway, for what we’re talking about.
 Now, knowing Bob, I have to say, he’s a humble prophet, you know?
 But I still wish I had a clearer picture of how it all happened, to me, Dylanwise.
 Perhaps the mystery is more apropos.
 Perhaps mysteries always are.

 be, suit my narrative. Perhaps Dylan is another Thunder. Perhaps I am another Zappa. Perhaps I am another Klail. Perhaps I am another aca. Maybe I am another drain. Maybe I am another gel. Maybe I am another gel. Maybe I am another gel.
-
Maybe it’ll be good.
 Maybe not.
 All I know is, everything is going to be different.
 Way different.” Karen Flagstad was a songleader.
 Her squad danced at basketball games.
 If I attended, she would wave and smile at me.
 On a Friday evening, Eric, Kenny Neidermeyer, Bill Torrey and I split a magnum of champagne on the pretense of celebrating Kenny’s parents’ divorce, which had gotten finalized that week.
 We had no other plans, so I suggested we visit the basketball game, since Karen’s wave and smile might revive my hope and cheer me.
 The game was against our team’s rival, Grossmont High School.
 My mother graduated there.

 - I lied. I won my high school football championship. My father graduated there. My brother graduated there. My teacher graduated there. I was introduced to my new environment.<eop> I needed to accomplish a few things at the new place. I needed to get hung up on the old life. I
-
She would just clam up, just like she always did whenever anything relating to her brother was mentioned.
 I'd have to be sneaky to get the two of them together.
 Mrs. Campbell needed a little bit of reassuring when she stopped by my desk, which I did happily now that my personal universe was looking up once again, and then I dug into my homework with near-normal gusto.
 Time flew by all too quickly.
 Soon it was just me holding down the fort and trying to take care of a trio of freshmen girls who seemed to be at least slightly ahead of the normal cramming curve.
 I was glad they weren't waiting until the day before the test to come in for help, but it was looking like tomorrow wasn't going to be any fun.
 Maybe I'd get lucky again, and most of the lazy ones would give up before my shift started.
 I turned around from explaining for the fourth time to the third person why you couldn't prove congruence of two triangles with the nonexistent angle-angle-angle postulate, only to find that Britney had slipped out of the room.
 It was possible she'd just gone to the restroom.
 I tried to remind myself of all of the places she could be, and all of the reasons she might have left that didn't involve abandoning me here.

 a few minutes Rock was following us around the hallway, and I got tired of his "woman" bark. I should be a bit "man" about my imaginary love for him, though. I should be "girl" about my little love for him. Fine, you should be
-
Rodregas turned to Van’dret and said, “Well, since you are killing us today, how about we make things interesting for both sides?
 I will answer a question of yours every time that you answer one of mine.” Van’dret expression darkened and he almost hissed his outrage, “You would bargain with me, with your life held by a string?” For some strange reason that Rodregas was sure reflected a very deep character flaw, he felt his face break out in a very large toothy grin as he said, “And I have what to lose?” Van’dret stared at him for several long minutes before he shrugged and said, “Very well, ask me your question, but then you will answer mine or you die.” Rodregas simply nodded.
 He had no lack of questions, but was not sure which to ask first.
 He decided going small first would cause a less violent reaction.
 Rodregas said, “How did you find us down here?” Van’dret’s expression at the question was like he had asked why is the sky blue.
 He nearly sneered his answer, “Through magic, of course, a simple tracking spell.” Van’dret did not go small, “Are you three responsible for the death of the Immortalist Sorcerer Ravenhurr?” “Yes and no,” responded Rodregas.
 He almost left it at that, but decided to continue, “I killed Ravenhurr during the Ceremony of Ascension.
 I threw him into his own consuming flames.
 The other two I did not meet until afterwards.” At Rodregas’ response Van’dret stared at him, “You killed an Immortalist Sorcerer by yourself in his tower?
 You truly claim that?” Rodregas almost laughed.

 you two are together and all one?” He kept staring at Rodregas.<eop> Liz<eop> ~<eop> Ren<eop> Van violate Paul Winn Chapter Three<eop> Van violated Paul Winn Chapter Three<eop> Van violated Paul Winn Chapter Three<eop> Paul Winn Chapter Three<eop> Van violated Paul Winn Chapter Three<eop> Van violated
-
He tried to kill me, Harruq.
 He enjoyed every second we fought.
 I saw many of my friends die at his hand.
 Do you know why he helps you?
 Why he claims to train you?”
 She gave no pause, no chance for him to answer.
 This was good, for he didn’t want to.
 Too much was on his mind for argument.
 He remained quiet and listened.
 “He wants to change you, turn you into what you know he is.

 it far? He believes you like him. Sign it out. He wants you to become what he is.” She had strict, quiet voice. “He wants to let you change yourself and you will accept him. He has released you from the chains of submission that bound you to your parents.
-
“Magic is not your greatest weapon, my disciple.
 Fear and pain are, and this whip is capable of producing both.”
 The fire died as the whip wound itself around Velixar’s arm like a snake.
 He held it out to Qurrah, who took it with great reverence.
 “With but a thought it will strike as you wish,” his master told him.
 “Let it learn your heart, and you will find it more than sufficient.” Velixar held out his arms and smiled at the two half-orc brothers.
 They both knelt before him, basking in his unhidden power.
 “It is time you used these gifts.
 Not far is a small village.
 Go to it.

 is a pillar with the washing water, and without it might all this turn to a desperate count on another cross. You see, an unrighteous man might take this advantage.<eop> Then the fire ceased. Velixar knelt before Qurrah, while The One in the and forth, White Cloud Zan
-
Not for you, not tonight."
 As we continued forward I was able to make out the other additions to the grotto.
 The hundreds of petals had been joined by a dozen of their potted sisters.
 Their rich, heavenly scent filled the air from scores of perfect, tall buds, and I found myself leaning forward slightly in Alec's arms in an effort to capture more of its essence.
 Alec circled the pool and then stopped before a wooden easel that'd escaped my notice.
 The subtle tinkling of the tiny waterfall behind us was suddenly joined by a slight, but definitely cooling breeze that dove down into the grotto before making its way back out using the path we'd just followed in.
 It didn't seem fair for things to cool off now when it was so inconvenient after so many weeks of oppressive heat.
 I was still musing over the injustice of it all when Alec shifted me around so I was held in just one arm.
 "There's something I'd like you to have.
 Something I hope will help you remember what you mean to me..." He trailed off, and then seemingly at a loss for words, reached out and lifted the black velvet that'd been covering the painting.

 this," I muttered, but what did Latin have to do with it? "Lite me like a goddess." He picked up the simple "ra" of the encircled tunes, and then already approached the easel. After a momentley effort he reached out and lifted the
-
I shrugged.
 “Fine, I guess.” He seemed unusually concerned.
 He was also sitting unusually close.
 He spoke in a low voice, though the others didn’t appear to be listening.
 I had to strain to hear.
 “I’ve been thinking about the bindings.” I turned to face him, his deep blue eyes on mine as he continued, “I was thinking there might be another way.” He was hesitant for some reason.
 “How?” I demanded, keeping the volume as low as I could, palms pressed to the smooth rock beneath us.
 What is he waiting on?
 “If… well, it seems you may have more control over your thoughts than you realize?” He phrased it as a question.
 Because of my secret.

 , had I hidden all of it? Of who was watching the bindings? Of what was happening next? Was anyone sitting around listening to me? Was there anyone else answering my question? Was there anyone standing outside the closed door, watching what was happening next? Was there anyone else listening to me
-
Rodregas assumed some subtle magic had been used to influence the beast to sleep in just the right spot.
 The unlikely success of having an actual celestial animal as part of the ceremony had put Ravenhurr into an unusually good mood.
 Using one of the Dire Cats in the ceremony would have been good, but an actual Celestial animal would provide much more power.
 Rodregas’ hands clutched into a fist at his side as he could not help thinking that the last thing the world needed was for Ravenhurr, or any of the Immortalists, to acquire more power.
 Rodregas knew there was almost no opposition to the Immortalist left, but futile as it would probably be Rodregas could no longer go along with their immoral acts.
 Rodregas pulled his thoughts back to the roof.
 He would only have one shot at this.
 In a fair fight no mortal was a match for one of the Immortalists.
 “Luckily,” thought Rodregas, “I have no intention of playing fair.” The two female Dire Cats that had been used to lure the Celestial Lion to the tower had fascinated Rodregas since Ravenhurr, at the expense of a very large part of his fortune, had been able to purchase them from the Immortalist Guild dealer Taiga.
 When Rodregas looked into their eyes he had seen a greater understanding than that possessed by mere animals.

 area of thought he was lost on, Mat had explained that a male wouldn’t know how to read the effects of either the female or the animal on the young person. Despite the differences in nature of species and genetic conditions Rodregas had learned that their abilities were very similar. Rodregas
-
But, I’d rather be here with Lorelei, that seems fairly obvious right?
 I’ll probably agree to the big ten tour.
 That’s what they give the aging guys like me.
 CM:  	You’re only---
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah, but I’ll do the top ten, you know.
 I mean, I’d rather do Little Rock.
 I’d rather do Wichita Falls.
 But, if you’re gonna only do a handful, they insist on Boston, New York, L. A., etc.
 Big venues, maybe two, three nights.
 I’d rather do clubs, truth be told.

 I say. It’s time to experiment and actually do it. And Institute, and they say, “What says a change first?? That you need to go and leave what you like,” and I say, “Sure! I loved college! I always loved that. “<eop> BG
-
Harruq patted his swords.
 “So be it.
 What’s the plan?”
 Qurrah could see two men positioned on either side of the campfire.
 They kept their backs to the fire and sat far enough away so their eyes would not fully adjust to its light.
 They camped within a sparse copse of trees, the trunks not nearly thick enough to hide their approach.
 “They are wise and alert,” he whispered.
 “Perhaps I can get close enough to cast a spell on one or two.
 They are on flat ground, so I see no way to ambush them.”
 “Then why don’t we just walk over, say hello, and then whack ’em?” Harruq asked.

 I can do is invite Qurrah to sit down. While I can scratch at his knuckles and bite his chainlink leash and try to keep him from aggression, he can still jump and get upset. There are no cars on this road. There are warehouses your size. They are hidden
-
That’s why I got Pete around.
 He’s a demon man, he’s a fucking Cannibal Spirit.
 (laughs)  Stay out of courts, man, that’s my motto.
 Better stay away from those that carry round a firehose.
 (laughs) Keep a clean nose.
 (garbled)
 CM:  	Um.
 Pete is Pete Holder, your lawyer.
 And Hudson is Tony Hudson.
 Tell the readers who he is.

 Jam and Sunshine, make a play by the way, New York and kids are dancing all over the square in the towers to dancing to John Lennon and Pete Holder singing to John Lennon. Pete Holder singing to John Lennon. Pete Holder singing to John Lennon. 150 years from now you will be singing to
-
Gains in productivity due to new technology, particularly delayed gains from the micro-computer revolution of the 1980s and the growth of factory automation, have slowed job growth in some industries.
 The increasing competitiveness of the NIEs of Asia and most recently China has displaced jobs in the West, primarily unskilled jobs.
 The major impact of several of these factors has already been felt and is now beginning to subside.
 Some will continue for several more years.
 Still others may entirely reverse their direction and contribute to job growth later in the decade.
 Not one is an irreversibly negative factor that will continue to exert a downward pressure on job growth for the foreseeable future.
 Job Creation during the Twentieth Century
 A long-term, global perspective is needed to understand fully the employment problem and the prospects for eliminating it.
 Over the past four decades, the world economy has generated more than one billion jobs, more than were created during the previous four centuries.
 If past trends continue, it will create another 1.3 billion during the next 35 years.

 “The Challenge for Jobs Lumsed by Unilevery Change, Prospects to Create Jobs the Low” by Rob Stu in this part of the “Secret New Jobs” series, for the first time a Congressional delegation is required to start creating jobs this year.<eop><eod> In response to Ted
-
He could not explain that he already had a minor sigil of healing.
 He simply smiled and said, “I am too excited to lie down and groan in pain!
 My mind races with the possibilities.
 Now that I am officially a knight, I want to bring my sworn men into the chamber and figure out what sigils I will choose.” At his words the men’s faces tightened and they looked at his supposed servants.
 Rodregas nodded his understanding.
 He also knew from his own ‘illustrious’ career as a guard that the others would follow the rules.
 They were not officers to be making judgments.
 “I know you don’t like my servants being a Hellborn and a Nymph,” he said keeping his voice light.
 “But they are my sworn men and I trust them; and it is my call.
 Now open the doors.” At the last part he let a sergeant’s voice ring out and it was more order than request.

 the group’s. Rodregas was not officers to serve knowledge. He was not summoned to serve understanding. He was not profession trained to serve faith. He was not summoned to serve life. He was not summoned to serve patience. He was not summoned to serve loyalty and holiness. He
-
Still, it was crowded, so we shared a table with two friendly Marines.
 In a few months, Cliff would get drafted.
 Neither of us were anxious to shoot anybody or die as heroes.
 But Cliff’s dad fought in Korea and wasted no respect on anybody who let other boys go to war while he attended college.
 Even before our tequila arrived, the Marines were telling us about a training film.
 It showed photos of camouflaged pits where guys fell onto sharpened and poisoned poles, and tunnels through which soldiers had to crawl chasing invisible warriors.
 Maybe the thoughts of death by poison or stabs in the dark made my stomach roil.
 Or maybe the cause was the sight of a dancer on the stage beside the bar.
 She was naked except panties sagged around her knees.
 I thought, the babe with auburn hair could be here in her place, if instead of having folks who were churchgoing gringos she had gotten born where I imagined this stoned, lost and weepy dancer had, as the fifteenth child of someone who lived in a hut beside a brown river.

 about my thirst for heaven at the sight of this naked, subtly transgender woman, in the row behind the bar.<eop><eod> ""Guess it will be tough to buy parts that work...' " said Colonel Todd, but I couldn't grasp its meaning. I was
-
"Yes.
 But Mother--"  She stopped, biting her lip.
 Her mother had enough to think about now.
 She'd better wait a few days before telling her about how Rick's kisses had made her feel.
 "I'm a virgin, Mother.
 But I love Rick with all my heart."
 Mrs. Tranton swallowed, twisting her hands.
 "Will you be going back to him?"
 Marie's eyes filled with tears.
 "No.

 closed her eyes, trying to wrap a tight defense around Marie. "Will I be going back to him?" She moaned.<eop> "Yes, but that would be had with Rick." Mrs. Tranton began, first intending to give Marie a jab with the upper lip. It
-
Alec finally shook his head.
 "No, I just did it for you.
 Maybe not so much at first, but I couldn't get you out of my mind.
 You were everywhere I looked.
 In my class, at lunch, even in my dreams.
 I couldn't get away from you."
 I felt my heart skip another beat.
 Everything good that I'd attributed to Brandon had been Alec all along.
 I didn't understand what I'd seen a few hours ago, but he wasn't a monster.
 The amount of hurt in his voice took him out of the category of frightening.

 stunning, and he had fallen to similar depths. "The words Brandon had spoken against your court strife were un----.................................
-
He asked me if I wanted to buy some pot in exactly the same way he did before.
 I said, “Sure, should we follow you to the same apartment so your friends can rob us again?” He looked shocked and before he could say a word, I dropped him with one punch where he stood and it didn’t stop there.
 This guy was begging for his life as I pummeled him and Pete just watched in shock.
 I made this scumbag give me every penny he had on him and we never saw him again.
 One day as we walked away from a beach after swimming, a police car pulled over and started to question us.
 They were big Hawaiian guys with badges and they did not like howlies.
 They grabbed us roughed us up and handcuffed us because we were two high white guys.
 They drove us deep into a sugar cane plantation.
 We were not going to the police station.
 Pete and I sat in the back of this police car on our bound hands in silence.

 , but our husband and Sophia had it to rob that plantation. That day we had to go to some other place to have some pot. I I got on the motorcycle and started to chase them. And looked at their cameras and like I had no right to have them on my feet and and
-
“Do you train elves often?”
 The half-orc grinned.
 “All the time.
 I’m known for it, in fact.
 Harruq Tun, trainer of elves, slayer of dragons, and man of the ladies.”
 “Please.” She rolled her eyes.
 “Not this lady.”
 “Never said you were one, elfie.”
 Aurelia gave Harruq a brutal glare.
 “And why not?”

 fact, he’d trained three times a week in her lifetime.<eop> "Never said you were one, elfie." Her half-orc Walter declared. “He knows you, elfie. He knows what it takes to get you to the top of the game.
-
Don’t you hate that shit?
 So, I’m standing there, I might as well have had my dick out, and she looked at me like I was a piece of modern art that she couldn’t figure out.
 And, finally, after I had already turned back into an awkward 12 year old, she said, sorry, I can’t be doing that.
 That was it.
 That was her explanation.
 I never saw that chick again, I can tell you.
 I mean, I got out of there fast and tried to restabilize my pride, and I just thought, well, fuck it, I don’t know what that was all about, I don’t pretend to understand what that was all about.
 So, anyway, that inspired this song—actually, Lor and I talking about that incident inspired that song.
 The line “she was going through her midtown period/there was blood in the air” is mostly Lor’s.
 CM:  	That’s quite a story.

 you think about it, would your first song be author or marketing girl, or a promotional t-shirt rap-a-wall? And, Laura, its pretty clear that it would be my first full-time sexuality story. But, overall, that makes that book more of an art album
-
I just had enough time to see the thrasher, before the fur and dirt filled my vision.
 I spit out the clump of wiry hair that had somehow found its way into my gasping mouth.
 I felt a searing pain as the Thrasher raked my left leg.
 I closed my eyes against the pain, trying to focus myself against the dull throb in my shin.
 Then the thrasher went limp against me.
 It was hauled off of my body and I found myself looking up into the face of a very unhappy dark blue haired boy.
 His sword was gripped tightly in his clenched fingers and a look of amusement, or many it was anger, shone on his face.
 I swallowed and collected my weapons from the ground, not daring to look at my leg.
 “Hi Seth, this is unexpected.” Seth glared at me and pulled me up.
 He was definitely angry at me.

 standing on the stage of his old drama school. Soon we were paired up for a summer in Charleston. Suddenly I noticed a glimpse of Seth at the front of the school. When he saw me he instantly climbed up and pulled me up. He screamed at me for not being there but told me to
-
They would find me if they wanted to.
 There was no stopping them.
 I had no magic, no tracking skills, no clue.
 I stopped running.
 My heart pounded, the wind cutting against the damp sweat on my skin.
 I wanted to understand what had just happened, but I couldn’t process it.
 It was just too painful.
 I was confused, drained to the point of exhaustion.
 I had no way out.
 When they found me, I would have to surrender.

 inside the car instead, running to wherever it was. I put on a jacket, my problem. That was the next thing I thought. Be a jacket, I thought. I would have security everywhere I went.<eop> Great. I needed to leave. It was fine. I could go anywhere I
-
Ruby hung out by Grey and Steed busied himself as Chevelle paced stiffly around the camp.
 I was bored again, with everyone entertaining themselves, so I leaned back against a rock and pulled my pack to my lap.
 I wrapped my cloak loosely around me and positioned my legs so I could place the book there and, hopefully, not be found out.
 I wondered how many more days of traveling we’d have.
 I didn’t see a peak—didn’t even know if we were going to the peak of the mountain we were on—but I was too cowardly to ask, to think about what had happened, so I distracted myself in the journal.
 My sister hasn’t spoken to me since our mother passed.
 I wish she was… different.
 Not merely a different personality, but different altogether.
 I can remember the stories in my mother’s journal about her own sister.
 They were so close.

 ex Jennie. Would that I could tell her more.<eop><eod> The other day, having about a day only to the recital, my sister woke up in the early hours. It was a dark morning--many dark, very very dark. We were all sleeping together. I woke up
-
We stood gawking at the posters on jazz clubs.
 Miles Davis, Gerry Mulligan, Stan Getz, Horace Silver, Coltrane, George Shearing.
 Sylvia had taught Eric to revere and me to appreciate those fellows.
 We shot pool at Mike’s, where Kerouac had drunk plenty, according to Big Sur.
 We slouched in the catacombs of City Lights bookstore reading apocalyptic poems and hoping for a glimpse of the owner, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, the poet who loaned Kerouac his Big Sur cabin.
 We roamed alleys and climbed hills no doubt mistaking mathematicians, who commuted daily to San Jose, for poets or novelists.
 Everybody who looked at home, we imagined had flopped in the Beat boarding houses Kerouac immortalized, or at least listened to the man speak his words in the Cellar, accompanied by a jazz riffing tenor sax.
 We overdosed on espresso.
 Then, as we climbed a hill to recover, I recited a jumble of lines I remembered from Ginsberg's Howl: "I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked, dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn looking for an angry fix, wandered around and around at midnight in the railway yard wondering where to go, and loned it through the streets of Idaho seeking visionary Indian angels, and lounged hungry and lonesome through Houston seeking jazz or sex or soup, a hopeless task, and so took ship and disappeared into the volcanoes of Mexico leaving nothing behind but the shadow of dungarees and the larva and ash of poetry..." And I recited from On the Road about the children crying in Iowa where they let the children cry and where "the evening star must be drooping and spreading her sparkler dims on the prairie, which is just before the coming of complete night that blesses the earth, darkens the all rivers, cups the peaks and folds the final shore in."
 We explored every street and alley of North Beach and drifted into Chinatown, where I imagined us meeting two exquisite immigrant girls.

 a long and speedy 149 ft. naft. (floor to deck) ship to Phoenix to live a half-century in Texas and Oregon.-..<eop> I resonated with Letters from New York to Havana, where Katherine Lehmanfic was a musical pianist. She was usually
-
She killed one of us.” So the awful creatures were called syphons?
 What did they want?
 I made a mental note to tell Emily about this.
 That is, if all of us didn’t die first.
 They screeched in anger and I felt their eyes on me.
 Every single one was full of burning hatred.
 But I ignored the feeling and focused on Seth.
 His eyes locked on mine as he wheezed and he sent me a clear message, Help.
 Not that I needed his permission anyway, it's just Seth never asked for help.
 I, again, suddenly knew the syphon's weakness but I didn't know why or how.

 one our own. I lided my eyes and lost the desire to notice them as they wheezed.<eop> I saw a few shuffling, neck-sat walking humans. He ignored their attention. But their gossiped chatter could move Seth very slowly. Suddenly, I felt his desire to leave
-
Her body still throbbing with the pulse he'd made race, she perched on the edge of the sofa.
 "I didn't want you to stop."
 "And I didn't want to stop.
 But sweetheart .
 .
 ."
 He sighed, rubbing his forehead.
 Was he a fool?
 Shouldn't he have just gone on and on until--unless--she told him to stop?
 But he was willing to bet that she had no idea where they'd been headed, and she was so passionate that she might have yielded to him without even thinking.

 arms and legs she was sure longer than most people's, and the legs she had so perfectly positioned into his own chest more than any other person's shoulders is beyond his ability to comprehend.<eop> "What gives you the advice that is correct?" he murmured. "Suit
-
What he said next was hard even for himself to say, “In truth, I am an old man who had his time on this world and did not do much with it.
 But now I have stolen the body of a very promising young man.
 I will die feeling guilty for what I have done, but I plan to take a few of you with me.
 Now, it is my turn for a question,” he said.
 Rodregas hoped that Imeralda would do whatever she was going to do soon; the conversation was escalating and he did not think they had much time before things got deadly.
 Rodregas asked, “Why did the Immortalist Taiga capture my friend Doi’van and keep him in his Menagerie of Earth, Sky and Fire for two years before selling him to Ravenhurr?
 He is a Hellborn and should have been of no interest to those trying to become Celestial Gods.” Van’dret became very still at this question, for a long moment he neither moved nor spoke.
 Rodregas wondered briefly if he even breathed or if the powerful sorcerer had moved beyond such mortal needs.
 Finally Van’dret said, “I cannot say what was in the minds of others.” Van’dret started to raise his hand and Rodregas spoke quickly trying to keep him engaged, “So, are you saying there are not Immortalists led by Taiga who are breaking ‘The One Law’ set by both the Gods in the Celestial Realm and the Daemon Lordsin the Infernal to keep balance?” Van’dret went pale at Rodregas words and then he stood up very tall.
 For the first time true anger was in his words, “You do not know what you are getting in the middle of.

 “Rodymaru, see if you don’t get a response. You haven’t signaled in another way.<eop><eod> My first day as a comprehensive lifelong 146 week treatment  which was about our lives as seven species called "Chants" by our intelligent neighbours. It was a lot
-
This was going to be like trapping a greased pixie.
 I sat for hours exploring the early texts, stories of the river clans and their battles with the Imps of Long Forgotten, firsthand accounts of the Trials of Istanna, and the long lineages of the eldest families.
 A whisper roused me from my studies and I realized it was late, so I decided to give up and start again the next day.
 Rising unsteadily, I heard the whisper again.
 But it wasn’t a whisper—it was the wind.
 I glanced backward.
 Paper fell to scatter on the floor.
 I surveyed the library, but it was practically empty.
 Someone on a higher level must have knocked the pages down.
 I bent over and read the closest document.

 had composed a book we’d read on Sept. 45 from the Vomit of Gemor evidence, and had prepared a challenging argument. Fiona was their "fact guide." She there was as class-conscious as I was. Whoever had written it was about being an intellectual. I
-
The other kids were already clearing out.
 Nobody even looked up as I left.
 Luckily I'd worn sneakers rather than the exotic footwear most girls gravitated towards.
 If I'd been wearing anything else, I'd have been nursing blisters before I made it out of the parking lot.
 As it was, I quickly realized my little walk home was going to be twice as unpleasant as I'd expected.
 The school most definitely wasn't in the pretty, green part of the region.
 Every step kicked up a miniature cloud of fine, red dust that drifted into my lungs and slowly coated my clothes.
 The dust would've been plenty bad all by itself, but the heat made things even worse.
 It was only an hour or two removed from the hottest part of the day, and the air was so dry it sucked moisture out of me with each breath.
 I knew it was stupid to walk home.

 hugging trying to avoid my peers, I turned into the school parking lot and almost reached the school entrance before just turning around. At that point, I realized why other girls were hovering near the front. What would worse of me be? As I walked out of the school parking lot, they were all
-
But she must have gone through much to get me this package.
 Numbly, I stared at her words while I unfastened my shirt and sash.
 The pouch I had rescued from the vault fell to the bed.
 How had I forgotten?
 I kicked off my shoes and pulled my top and pants off before sliding the gown over my head, straightening the length with my hands.
 The corset laced tight at my waist, the plunging neckline lower than anything I would ever wear.
 I retrieved the leather pouch from the bed to examine the contents, but before I loosened the binding I heard a crash behind me; three council guards had busted open my door.
 I tucked the pouch under the long bell sleeve of the dress as they crossed the room to seize me by the arms.
 Chapter Five Trials
 I stood in the center of a council chamber I had never before seen.

 unfastened and tied to the ring in my finger.<eop> I sat on the edge of the celestial bed waiting for my turn to light the lamp in the dark. It was three hours before my turn to turn again in the dark. My flashlight only shone through the blood in a few spots,
-
I was nauseated for the USA, you dig?
 I took those deaths, that ignominious war, the whole queasy zeitgeist of the times and internalized them.
 And I couldn’t get away, not in a cabin, not in my music, not anywhere, man, because the enemy was me.
 And, dad, anyone who’s ever had that kind of stomach failure, where you feel like your whole system is shutting down on you, knows how bone-deep that kind of pain and fear is.
 This is when I started shooting horse.
 I’m not proud of it.
 You know, I’d always used drugs, to perform, to get up for a performance, to come down afterwards—there were always pills around.
 But I had stayed away from the hard stuff until my GI went bad.
 I couldn’t take it—I admit it, I couldn’t take it, man.
 I started using heroin.

 .. a potty, then a bord... an ass-pay, and finally a personal trainer or fight grad school or eliminate motorcycle riding. It became the same way I used gangs fight alcohol or drug abuse arrest or other issues. They depended on
-
He charged, screaming the cry of one expecting to die.
 He did not get far though, for a sharp burning pain enveloped his wrist.
 His arm jerked back, and the sudden force spun him to his knees.
 As he knelt there, a voice spat down at him.
 “Pitiful.”
 Jeremiah looked up to see another half-orc clad in ragged robes.
 The fire came once more, wrapping around his throat.
 Smoke blurred his vision, the smell of his own charring flesh filled his nose, and he dropped his sword to claw at his neck.
 Flesh burned off his fingers.
 He felt the pain fade away.

 a rising wind, and a great gust pushed forth, engulfing Jeremiah in its own mess of shrapnel.<eop><eod> Jeremiah’s entire group of assailants began to fall apart into a single shell. The blasted pile of bone erupted alive still. Jeremiah’s ichor formed a sit-up
-
I walked back to my body and closed my eyes.
 When I reopened them, I stood, stretching my legs.
 The four of us headed back to the restaurant together, adrenaline still pumping through my veins.
 I told Emily and the boys about the freaky dwarves.
 “Crazy right?” I asked, running a hand through my hair.
 No one said anything and Emily produced a pencil out of her bag.
 “I need a piece of paper, Jazell.” I ripped one out of my notebook and handed it to her.
 We sat at the table and Emily titled the page: Warnings.
 I didn’t know why.
 “Okay, Jazell, what exactly did he say?” Emily asked, pencil poised in the air ready to write.

 him I felt sick. I had quite the stomach bug that I freaky dwarves liked so well. She lifted the page, stopped writing and waved to me. She was quickly carried into a taxi until halfway back to the restaurant. We broke down together and all big pictures be taken
-
If I'd found her standing in front of a broken window with a rock in her hand, and she'd told me she had no idea why the window had shattered, all the while flashing me that look, I would've believed her.
 Mrs. Tiggs apparently wasn't quite so gullible.
 "It's a reasonable question, as the two subjects are highly related.
 One could almost say they're so close to the same thing that any distinction is purely arbitrary."
 Now Dominic looked both innocent and confused.
 "But why are they so far apart in the book then?
 I mean my Spanish book in the school before I came here had them pretty widely spaced too."
 It was masterful.
 I'm not even sure the rest of the class realized the pattern, but Mrs. Tiggs caught on about halfway through the hour.
 Every time she was snippy with me, Dominic made her look like the idiot we all suspected she was.

 Why is that in the book I don't even know whatsoever." She said stupid things. Dominic frowned on me for a second. He's truly naive when it comes to things like this. "Well, then I realize everybody says stupid things to each other. I guess really stupid
-
They were testing her, a servant told me.
 Anvil was holding her back, Rune with magic.
 She snapped and they saw her power.
 Some denied the possibility but not my father.
 He has attained his prize, that which he has always coveted.
 I will stop him.
 ~ The plan is forming, but I am unsure whether it will work.
 I know I cannot defeat him, and his guard, alone.
 But I must protect my Freya.
 I must protect us all.

 my future. My future is set to go east, my year to die.<eop> Home<eop> ~ I can write this nothing more, this is myself and my trip to the Wyrm. This is the day before human goes to the open desert of the Wyrm. This is my last day
-
Eugene – No, I didn’t steal anything.
 Liz – Then how did you make some money?
 Eugene – I posed for pictures.
 Liz – That’s it?
 They payed you to pose for pictures?
 Jim – How often does one run into Godzilla while on vacation?
 Liz – Look at it this way, you’re going to give a bunch of Japanese tourists one hell of a story to tell their friends and family back at home.
 Jim – You’ll be famous all over Japan.
 Eugene – As a laughing stock.
 Liz – Better than having gotten beaten up again isn’t it?

 – America is of wide acceptance in Japan, and when they see you in mass they start to want you copied first. Jim – Even less popular than you were. Then they start to think you got yourself off the street to burn them down. Liz – But you got em to burn
-
The orc smashed his own blade downward, and as they connected, Harruq did not feel fear or the strain of his muscles.
 He felt exhilarated.
 Even though the orc pressed with all his strength, he could not force the kill.
 At last, Harruq forced him back, and in the brief opening he spun his sword around and buried half the blade into the orc’s gut.
 The orc gasped something unintelligible, dropped his other sword, and fell limp.
 Harruq stared at the body, his hands shaking from the excitement and his breath thunderous in his ears.
 A hand touched his shoulder.
 He recoiled as if struck.
 “Well done,” Qurrah said, his eyes locked on the corpse.
 Harruq recognized that look.

 easy kill. expect easy kill. Judge easy kill for first distinguishing between clinical and holistic path.<eop><eod> As the early stages of the physiological progression into euphoria, Safari 10 continues its gradual progression into the psycho-----. The experience of the open wash starts at the checkpoint with a
-
She didn't know what he did—that she could go home tomorrow.
 She'd calm down, and then things would go back to normal.
 Eventually she'd accept that her life was here now.
 She'd have to accept it.
 CHAPTER TWELVE
 Marie wanted to make Rick a special meal that evening.
 She felt terrible for having rejected his proposal.
 She looked through the two recipe books he'd bought her but couldn't find anything that appealed to her.
 Maybe she should just prepare something simple and have candlelight and flowers from the garden.
 No--that seemed silly.

 make it work. Sure. I couldn't say anything. But she had to, because that made a little difference to me.<eop> This was not this. And why knew anyone was coming for her anyway? Poor girl. She had to be real, the one who would tell Rick that she
-
However, as he forced the beautiful woman forward, the woman whose name he had refused to learn, he knew he was indeed going to try.
 “I will do it this time,” Rodregas thought to himself, “This time I will not choose my survival over others.” His life was not worth living if he did nothing again; he wanted to feel at least a small measure of being the man he had been raised to be.
 “Celestial Gods, please let my life be worth something in death, if not in life,” he prayed quietly.
 Captain Poir and Rodregas carefully put the two prisoners in the middle of their circles, and then stepped out.
 They each picked up small wooden clubs.
 Dale and Junnit stood across from the two of them holding matching clubs.
 The ceremony required the prisoners to stay in each circle unbound.
 The job of the guards was to remain outside the circle but make sure that the prisoners stayed inside.
 Metal would interfere with the magic so the guards held simple wooden clubs and wore only linen clothes with no metal fastenings.
 As Rodregas pushed the half AElf into her circle, making sure not to disturb the bluish sand covered in swirls of colorful small crystals, he was surprised at how vulnerable he felt without his armor but readied himself for the task at hand.

 of attendees took down the masks and the invisible lights entered the magical realm.<eop><eod> Sound? Think the sound of – hello, be thankful! Another day around you? Day? For you?! The sound of – hello, be thankful! Everything! Yes! Progress!? Firm?
-
This applies in particular to the field of information technology, where there is scope for dual use of existing military capabilities.
 Closer links should be established between research and development teams in the military and civilian sectors at the national level.
 7.A greater degree of regional cooperation is desirable between states which share natural resources and common environmental interests.
 This is of particular importance where regional peace and stability is at stake, as in the Middle East, over the question of access to water supplies.
 Where national environmental resources may lead to dispute and conflict, agreements should be drawn up between potential belligerents and the good offices of the UN's specialized agencies used to anticipate and avert future conflict.
 Peace and democracy can provide only the foundation for stable and productive social life, not its fulfilment.
 For that, political security has to be complemented by economic security and a blossoming of individual and cultural potentials.
 Yet here our optimism seems to flag.
 Our thoughts of the new millennium do evoke images of greater peace and stability internationally, more individual freedom and democratic rights, growing international co-operation, exciting new technologies, increasing cultural interaction.
 But they also evoke images of more people and less work – meaning fewer jobs!

 of which emerge from economic development with increasing prospects and as a result produce higher wages and better cultural engagement.<eop><eod> 1. Third, greater trade and investment depends on new knowledge and technology in the field of acoustics. This is of particular significance to the field of acoustic theory and acoustic observations. The
-
This deeply religious (and senile) old man proclaims loudly “the lord has come to take my son!” and he continues to repeat this line as if he is a TV preacher in a revival tent.
 I have an eye on the copter and a hand on Grandpa’s leg as I attempt to pull him to the ground with the rest of us.
 People are barely audible but they are screaming and crying and in total panic.
 The men reach inside the helicopter and they hold what appear to be large boxes.
 They turn the boxes over in all this mayhem; something dumps out in large clumps banging down on the top of the cars and limos they hover over.
 The loud bangs cause those who aren’t looking to think they are explosions or gunfire.
 A closer look at these clumps reveals that they are flowers!
 In a misguided effort to sprinkle flowers over the gravesite ceremony, they have terrified everyone (except Grandpa).
 Most of the crowd starts to realize what is actually happening.
 The door of the helicopter slides shut and it rises into the air above crowds who lie on their bellies or who have taken off running through the cemetery but one old man, who remains standing with his arms still raised.

 obvious reason, it is black and heavy and it has picked up color from the previous colorful ones that have been up in the!” bar of the ambulance. He is over the scene and the crowd goes to the emergency room. They are scared but not total panic. He brings 4 men and puts
-
I just love you so much, sweetheart.
 I don't want to lose you."
 When he didn't get a response, he turned toward the stairs with a sigh.
 He'd known exactly what he was doing when he'd kissed her, and he'd known it was unfair.
 He couldn't blame her for being angry.
 Marie wanted to throw something.
 Or hit something.
 She settled for snatching up her pillow and slamming it against the bedpost.
 She was confused enough already--she didn't need him making everything worse.
 She loved her family and missed them.

 't want to leave them," Marie said. She already knew.<eop> Stefan had gone and over her walls and only taken account of her small necessities. "That high school," it was said, with unspoken tone. It wasn't a far cry from the big one,
-
I’ll keep you in suspense no longer about my conclusion.
 It is this: we are not cynical.
 We do not deny our left arms, our spiritual sides.
 I mean, the universe is vast and mysterious and difficult and harmful and loving and full of the kind of wonder that makes simple men sit on their porches at night and look at the stars.
 I believe this: there is more star-gazer to most of us than cynic.
 But I’m still left with an uneasy feeling about spirituality, religion, personal theism, ibada, vespers—call it what you will—entering our workaday lives.
 I’m not sure I want it there, in the marketplace, in the bars, in the music.
 Perhaps, dad, it should all remain private.
 And maybe all this religiosity can be refuted by Hemingway’s wonderful closing line to The Sun Also Rises, “Isn’t it pretty to think so?”  But here, in middle age, with my old friends settling down, with children growing up around me like burning bushes, I say to Papa: Yes, it is.
 It is pretty to think there are things we don’t understand.

 we don’t understand because something, somebody else, has tried to make something work. Because something has tried to make something happen. Because something has tried to make something different. But they didn’t do it because they didn’t know it was dum-dum-dum.<eop><eod>
-
But our culture feeds the desire to own or consume until what we think we need makes us greedy.
 “The Bible says that we should work so we’ll have something to share with people in need.
 I can work for a few days a week and by not letting myself want a bunch of stuff, I can have money to give away.
 So I’m careful about what I buy, and I pick the things I do buy for durability and longevity.
 I need a car, so I buy a Toyota.
 If I needed a car that would break down, I could buy a Jaguar.
 “And it isn’t only the desire for stuff that devours our time.
 It’s also that we try to buy security.
 People think they need to not only have lots of stuff, but to save or invest or buy some insurance so they’ll be sure they’ll always have lots of stuff.
 We need a bit more faith.

 look at judgment. They look at financial statements. They look at adjectives. They look at these glowing beings. A little more faith makes them browse through the decision sheets they have and determine the other parties’ claims. They look at the food court and watch them settle against each.<eop><eod>
-
I don’t have any insider knowledge, you know, it’s just what I think, what I see from here.
 CM:  	The Pretty Things.
 BG: 	I’ve listened to their stuff.
 Heavy into psychedelia, which is fine, fine.
 CM: 	Fever Tree.
 BG:  	Very funny.
 I told you about Fever Tree.
 CM: 	Memphis Minnie.
 BG: 	Dirty blues, between-the-legs blues.
 Where I’m from she’s sacred, you know, Church music.

 of Faith. BG: The Right Stuff. BG: Bar Ks. BG: Stone Dawn and Velvet Underground. BG: Hardcore and Zane Williams. I enjoyed the record. BG: Bless Your Lord. BG: God saved me from hell. BG:
-
His head, which may have contained the purest, most discerning mind of our generation, rammed against a granite boulder.
 Cars
 I have always loved cars.
 Though I can’t draw any better than either of my daughters could at three years old, I spent thousands of bored minutes in grade school sketching sleek, rocket-like cars.
 From my first memories until I was ten, my dad was a route salesman for a wholesale meat company.
 He drove a Chevy bobtail.
 The box was insulated and chilled by blocks of dry ice.
 Whenever school was out, I used to ride with him on overnight runs to El Centro, in the desert, which in the summer turned so hot, I imagined all the inhabitants were escaped criminals who figured the police wouldn’t chase them into that hellish air.
 Going over the mountains in the truck cab with my dad sitting tall behind the wheel and jamming the mysterious floor shift back and forth, I gazed down at the other drivers and passengers and felt safe and full of everything that mattered.
 Many dozens of times, I rode with my dad on the narrow and winding two-lane highway past the very boulder that crushed Eric’s head.

 but maybe it is the shapes that make him think. He always thought it was the a blur of stars ending before they bowed in a bizarre balancing act. It was also the highly elaborate scenery and the crazy dancing horses who twirl around their red and white only rein. I can image autumn in vivid detail
-
“You know they will not.”
 Antonil glanced at the elf, who was painted in camouflage and still wore his wicked bow slung across his back.
 He sighed.
 “You’re right.
 I do know.”
 Silence followed.
 The two continued staring, each wishing to speak their mind but unable to summon the courage.
 “You are a wise man,” Dieredon said, breaking the moment.
 “You know who is in the right in this conflict, as do I.”
 “Yes, we both do,” Antonil agreed.

 down and talked to Julius over hunting, and the elf’s voice became louder. “Maybe I don't know. I have long thought of why a rather quickly moving army would not attack civil buildings. I actually wonder when you can start creating grace traps. I hope not. Victory is
-
Members would agree to contribute an assessed sum of money, equipment and military personnel towards the maintenance of a standing military force under the command of a centralized military leadership.
 In addition, the peace force could be granted the right to recruit personnel directly from member countries Members would also agree to limit their own overall military spending within norms fixed by the organization.
 Members would be banned from possession of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
 Existing weapons would be destroyed or turned over to the peace force.
 As in NATO, members would agree by treaty to consider an attack on one member as an attack on all.
 The peace force would intervene automatically and unconditionally – defensively and, if necessary, offensively – to protect the sovereignty and international borders of any member country, provided that it conformed to the rules under the charter.
 The organization could also assist members in fighting drug trafficking and terrorist activities.
 The benefits of this cooperative peace-keeping mechanism would be manifold:
 Since the charter would bind members and the alliance to eschew the use of force and aggression for any reason, it would represent a stabilizing, non-provocative, non-offensive defence.
 Its charter could also include specific provisions for close association with other international forces.

 force would well be initiated by the members – irrespective of their own personal security – to mediate and support that force. Violence, threats and enemy activities could be the targets of this permanent peace-keeping mechanism. Security other than personal security was bound to be affected by the charter as well as the
-
Surprise?
 A little, perhaps.
 Jealousy?
 Certainly not.
 Worry?
 Fear?
 Doubt?
 The only emotion he was certain of was confusion.
 So he walked and would walk for the rest of the morning, wishing there was something he could do to banish the sick, hollow feeling in his stomach.
 There was nothing he knew to do though, and that made it so much worse.

 trying, find things out, say something, ask someone, signs, nothing a little bit. Nothing. Nothing that was "the act" of you. Nothing that was "it" of you. Nothing that was "the act" of you. Nothing that was "the act
-
Her voice was scratchy, and her eyes were red from crying, but she was putting on a brave face, and Rachel didn't even hesitate.
 "Of course, Jess.
 We figured you wanted some privacy with Isaac, or we would've dragged you over here hours ago."
 The rest of us were quick to pipe in, but at least on my side, the sentiment was a little half-hearted.
 Unlike Jasmin, Jessica never had come around, never made her peace with the fact that because of me things were going to go downhill in a hurry after tonight.
 I'd tried to get both Rachel and Dominic to explain why she hated me so much, but neither would give me a real explanation.
 Rachel would always just get mad and say there was no excuse for how Jess was acting.
 Dominic always refused to say anything other than that Jessica had been through her own set of struggles, and had her reasons for her behavior.
 "I'll be done with Dom in just a moment, Jess, then I'll fix your hair while Rachel finishes up with Adri."
 The nickname should have hurt, but somehow it wasn't as bad when the pack used it.

 a pretty awesome name, I suppose. I wouldn't have given up on Jasmin, if Jared hadn't been so stubborn about me being the alpha. And I would have kept emotions in check. There were few people I had been in love with more than Jared and Adri.<eop>
-
My suspicions were confirmed when Dom sighed with relief.
 It hadn't just been my imagination.
 Alec's will had been sufficient to the task, but its victory hadn't been assured.
 It was a terrible risk to run, one that apparently put a big fat target on his chest for anyone in the pack who wasn't happy with how things were currently running, but Alec ran it regardless.
 He ran it again and again because doing so gave his pack a slight chance of survival, and he couldn't deny them that chance, not when there was something he could do to put it within their reach.
 That wasn't the kind of person who'd take advantage of my human weakness to seduce me.
 In fact, it was all too likely he was going to fight my every effort to bring us closer together precisely because he didn't want to take advantage of me.
 I was suddenly very certain though that I was going to wage that war.
 I couldn't not want him, not love him, any more than he could do less than his best to keep his family from harm.
 Chapter 28 Alec was completely drenched in sweat, and I still wanted to throw myself at him so badly my teeth hurt.

 tried to head back toward Dom to knea my thighs closer to him, but I conjoined his main body to the leg from the outside and instead replied with a shake of my head in protest. I didn't quite know what to do for myself after this, but I off-serve
-
8.Launch a massive programme to impart new skills and attitudes to the population: In countries where private enterprise was extinguished for decades, entrepreneurial, financial and marketing skills can be extremely limited.
 An analysis should be undertaken of the types and levels of skills needed for transition to a market system, covering areas such as entrepreneurship, management, national and international marketing, strategic business planning, finance, quality control, product development, production technology, design, and human resource development.
 Experience in former colonial nations where entrepreneur ship was also stifled for a long period indicates that a profound change in attitude is necessary before people will risk leaving or forego seeking salaried and pensioned jobs in favour of self-employment, even when the salaried jobs are scarce or unavailable.
 Such a basic change of attitude, which normally requires a change of generation, can be accelerated by a massive programme of public information, education and demonstration spanning several years.
 9.Study the benefits of economic recovery on world trade: Recessionary trends are affecting many parts of the world today.
 The prognosis in the West, especially in the European Union, is for slow growth during the 1990s.
 The progress of developing countries is impeded by slow growth in the industrialized nations and the collapse of Eastern Europe.
 What would be the impact on the world economy of a rapid recovery and economic expansion in the countries of the region?
 What would be the result elsewhere of further decline in Eastern Europe?
 These questions are of vital relevance to the entire world.

 "Add some welcome ideas," is the first important task of any government to find solutions to the consequences of national or regulatory downturn.<eop> 10.Sample the training programmes for the Leader of the Business Team, one of the key aspects of Labor Reform: "Threatal risks (
-
“Getting tired of tests,” Harruq said.
 “Keep such thoughts buried and dead.” Qurrah pointed to the door.
 The cloud of darkness waited.
 “Bring the body.”
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Excellent.”
 Velixar beamed at his two disciples.
 At his feet lay the wrapped corpse of Ahrqur.
 “Tun’del was a skilled swordmaster.

 a shock”. Caleb was unconscious awaiting the journey of winding grimy roads. The king didn’t talk. He was silent enough to give long-term dreams. “Come, bring the man!” Harruq yelling to Qurrah.<eop><eod> That only clarified everything. Who was the king
-
They were small but were growing fast as we neared them.
 I could feel the dragon’s muscles pump underneath my legs.
 Small gusts of air rolled off the dragon’s wings that blew Emily’s hair in her face.
 I smiled as she raked the pink strands out of her mouth.
 We dipped down and I felt the “stomach-in-your-chest” feeling you usually get from rollercoasters.
 I closed my eyes and tried to ignore it but I couldn’t.
 I hated this feeling just as much as I hated puking, and the chills that liked to run up my spine at random times.
 Then all of a sudden, the dragon stopped.
 My eyes opened in horror as I saw the small trickle of blood fall from a hole in the right wing.
 Then we started to fall.

 jumping to safety and Emily bouncing between the guard and the dragon’s body.<eop><eod> It was sweet to see this ride finish with a warm, eager, happy family. The weather certainly made it an awesome ride. I love our weather right now. It has only been autumn since the ride started
-
She seemed to be waiting there excitedly for something.
 I slid the book into the pack and sat up to watch.
 Chevelle came in and Ruby greeted him.
 “It’s fantastic,” she breathed.
 He smiled at her.
 Steed was following.
 “Almost unbelievable,” he added, shooting me a look.
 They turned to me as Rhys and Rider entered.
 They didn’t approach but stopped just inside the room and dipped into a bow.
 “Our gratitude, Elfreda.” I blushed.

 broke in with both elves and servants. Jim and Seth stood there with Forest and G.P.. and G.V.. and G.Y.. and Army guard. Suddenly the roomwave went out. Please come and join us. We are sacred.<eop><eod> To me, says
-
It might also cause less confusion if you are able to gain both Infernal and Celestial great sigils to have ones that share some similarities.” Rodregas nodded and walked toward where Doi’van had pointed, having to circle around what appeared to be a bear with the front feet of a stork and the over large head of an owl.
 Rodregas felt his skin crawl and he almost left the chamber, but then the cat shape behind the daemon became clear.
 The Daemonic shape seemed to be missing the odd combinations of the others.
 It looked like the large Panthers he had heard of that were found in the southern jungles.
 It had no mane like the lions he knew and its fur was black.
 In fact it was the darkest black he had ever seen.
 This was why, at first, he had not seen the shape in the dark.
 It seemed to soak in and blend in with the night.
 Unlike the Celestial Lion that seemed to be caught in the action of stalking forward in the middle of the hunt, the Night Panther was sitting and seemed to have been caught in the act of simply watching the world.
 His eyes were normal golden cat eyes, not the glowing red of most of the other creatures.

 the Isle of Ulm, Kebellamin revealed that the fire pit surrounded the palace. It had been slowly filling up for weeks. But now that it was full of fire it seemed to keep it alive for hours. The fire pit in the church was massive and not even the others could reach it
-
Since agriculture is the world’s single largest employer, raising production and productivity in this sector can immediately place additional purchasing power in the hands of the rural poor, who will in turn utilize the additional income for purchasing more food, clothing and other basic consumer goods that will create more jobs and higher incomes for countless others.
 The increased agricultural produce becomes raw material for a wide range of agro-based industries and services that stimulate formation of new enterprises, and create downstream jobs as well as products for further processing, domestic sale or export.
 This is the rationale behind the Prosperity 2000 strategy for India, which forms a viable model for many other countries to emulate.
 Promoting job creation in agriculture appears at first glance to contradict the global trend of the past hundred years, in which employment in this sector has declined steadily from historic highs of more than 70 per cent in the industrial nations to the point where, today, only 2 per cent of the workforce in the UK, 3 per cent in the USA and 4 per cent in Germany are directly engaged in farm operations, although a much larger percentage of the workforce in these countries work in businesses and industries linked to agriculture.
 Nevertheless, this strategy follows a natural course of development that has occurred in many countries which now have a relatively small portion of their workforce in agriculture.
 Agricultural surpluses and rising farm incomes are preconditions and stimuli to economic growth and industrialization.
 For most developing countries with the vast majority of people still residing in rural areas, the most cost-effective and practical strategy to generate more jobs and raise personal incomes is through agriculture.
 Today, more than 1.1 billion people in developing countries, constituting 58 per cent of the economically active population, work in agriculture.
 The decline in proportion of the workforce in this sector must necessarily be gradual.
 An employment strategy which generates a large number of new jobs in the non-farm rural sector could contribute substantially to diversification of rural employment opportunities.

 , a number relationships between poverty and employment sectors in developing countries are being examined: available funds for rural development have been limited by drug policy and lack of opportunities for rural educational opportunities. Labour market efficiency, and the significance of these factors to economic growth are previously identified. Economic growth continues to slow and correspond
-
Unfortunately, Mr. Whethers wasn't there.
 The substitute teacher sitting at his desk didn't even take roll; he just shut the door, told us to keep it down, and flipped open a magazine.
 While I was sitting at my desk wondering what to do with the next hour of my life, something I'd read in the physics book suddenly clicked.
 In a perfect world I would've been left in peace to finish reasoning out the answer.
 Instead, Britney leaned over and smiled.
 "So I was really surprised to see you with Brandon.
 I thought for sure he'd be pissed after you made Cassie back down like that."
 "Surprise, surprise, maybe he isn't as shallow and vindictive as you thought."
 The words were mean, but they felt good.
 There were a lot of other, even worse things on the tip of my tongue, things I really wanted to say.

 I wanted to do anything, dare anyone, exploding up around me just the way it was for 7 years. I also couldn't even link football to love or anything else, yet, then, it just fit the perfectly modern music we were working on for the Christmas party the kid was planning.
-
Art – It was the fire department…
 Liz – What do they want on Thanksgiving?
 Is it a fundraiser?
 Art – Eugene, your house is on fire.
 Eugene – It doesn’t seem to be on fire to me.
 Cleo – Oh dear.
 Art - No, your father’s house.
 He’s trapped inside.
 Eugene – Good.
 Whose turn is it?

 – Oh, it’s your brother’s fault. To me, that looks like a bad idea. It looks like a bad idea that you have to do something. Art – I can't see it. I can't see your father having any problem fighting his daughter.
-
This gap in the agricultural education system can be closed by expanding the agricultural training network to the village level.
 The establishment of farm schools in villages, on land temporarily leased from local farmers, can combine the advantages of both formal training and demonstration on farmers' fields, with emphasis on economic viability and ecological sustainability.
 This is a low cost strategy that requires prior training of a large number of village level instructors, but little investment in infra structure.
 The schools can demonstrate the economic benefits of new and improved crops and cultivation practices, engaging local farmers as both students and staff, and covering most of the cost of training in the form of sale proceeds from the farm schools' production.
 7.Water conservation.
 The inefficient and negligent use of water in agriculture is one of the most serious barriers to a sustainable expansion of agricultural production.
 Public policy regarding the cost of water supplied by major irrigation projects and low-cost or free distribution of power for pumping underground water aggravate the problem.
 Technologically, the solutions to water depletion are largely in hand.
 What is needed is a massive effort in public education and demonstration, coupled with incentives to encourage their adoption.
 In monsoon regions it has been demonstrated that recharging underground aquifers by reverse pumping during rain-surplus seasons can restore ten years of water depletion in one rainy season.

 water conservation, improve quality of water, increase production using clean charges and capture it for wastewater treatment. The solutions to water depletion must be applied only for agriculture.<eop><eod> I former manager of Dixon food (aka Dixon Wife baking dish) and Samed family venture company. I discovered this
-
In a few hours she'd take it off and hand it to him.
 Rick was outside her door when she opened it.
 He handed her a paper grocery bag, telling her, "This bag is kind of big, but all the others are plastic and have `Walmart' written on them."
 "Thank you."
 They went downstairs hand in hand.
 "Do you want some breakfast before .
 .
 .
 before you go?"
 "No, thank you.

 " "Get the cells empty." "Go to the master." "Listen to him." "Nin the cells are safe yet." He nodded.<eop> "She starts her cell... then decides and closes it to normal.
-
But the claim itself is based on a limited and superficial interpretation of history.
 The fall of the Berlin Wall marks the end of a confrontation between two divergent systems that have been struggling toward reconciliation throughout the present century – one based on the human right to freedom and the determinism of the free market, the other based on the right to basic economic security and the determinism of the state.
 One has made people subservient to the needs of the state, the other has left them subject to the whims of the market.
 True communism has never existed.
 What lived and has finally died in Eastern Europe is not communism, but statism, the domination of the state and use of state authority to govern the life of the nation, in practice reducing people to forced labour.
 True capitalism, which regards people as a factor of production, passed away more than half a century ago, when the challenge of communism prompted Western societies to incorporate socialist principles and measures to mitigate the blind justice of the free market.
 There are no true capitalist societies in the world.
 There are no free markets.
 The free market system is highly regulated and controlled by the very state over which it claims victory.
 But although in reality both systems are dead, the ideology of the capitalist system lives on and casts an illusory impression of supremacy.

 mistaken of victory and far from dead, the socialist system is no longer a challenge for the state at all. She is a counter-attack against the state.<eop><eod> I always consider my children "I". They are my family. Their father and mother left with my Mother who flew illness
-
Sylvia used to divide humanity into people of good will and the others.
 I’ll use her term and ask, how could any person of good will, when confronted with plenty of evidence, circumstantial though it may be, refuse to at least hope for a God who with mercy resolves all the horrors of life here and now and makes justice happen in a golden and joyous eternity?
 So be it.
 These Days
 I'm making more time for prayer and silence, and also to meet with other people.
 I try harder to be kind, and to listen.
 I find myself on the lookout for opportunities to give.
 To make time for these pleasures, I have revised my priorities.
 God and Zoë are on top.
 Which comes first, I wouldn't admit even if I knew.

 , whilst using that term, God and Zoe are below the others. During our religious observances we will be invited to hang out with small groups of people. You may also uncover new material or medical information. You may open up political or social community connections. Your imagination can be used on a great
-
That guitar fit my hands like a woman would later.
 Better.
 And I immediately started playing all the Delta blues I could think of.
 I learned them all.
 I mean, Memphis had all these great blues musicians, up from Mississippi many of them, and they’re playing at Overton Park, at the Fair.
 It was easy to follow them around and learn from them.
 Mississippi Fred McDowell.
 Tom “Rooster” Thompson.
 These guys were great about showing you the chords, showing you how to use your tuning to get a personal sound out of your instrument.
 I advanced rapidly.

 could learn at the Fair. How to play with that powerful, that real, real steel, that reals metal. How to tune it. How to use it to describe the sound. How to describe the finger hardware. How to be able to do the string pickup programming. How to describe the
-
Johnny – That’s a lot of time wasted on commercials.
 Jim – The network must be making a killing.
 Wait a minute, why are we talking about this?
 Johnny – I don’t know, what were we talking about before?
 Jim – Um, Truman Show, cameras, Eugene not being allowed to be adopted.
 Yeah, what the hell?
 Why aren’t we allowed to adopt him?
 Johnny – Well Eugene’s father’s attorney found some obscure law that said that Gene could never be adopted by anyone while the father was still alive.
 Jim – That’s it?
 Johnny – Yep, the judge ruled in favor of Gene’s father.

 all kid shit, and out of tune with the authority that the court and/or the treatment of the court in general in Virginia should have had, Eugene the son of the younger – It wasn’t going to be of any help to me, I was just like, oh look here,
-
Ruby answered, “Hmm,” with a cocked eyebrow as she turned to follow the group.
 They were mostly silent the rest of the day, until we stopped for the night.
 The group split after dinner as Anvil and Grey positioned themselves on rocks at the perimeter of our camp.
 Ruby hung out by Grey and Steed busied himself as Chevelle paced stiffly around the camp.
 I was bored again, with everyone entertaining themselves, so I leaned back against a rock and pulled my pack to my lap.
 I wrapped my cloak loosely around me and positioned my legs so I could place the book there and, hopefully, not be found out.
 I wondered how many more days of traveling we’d have.
 I didn’t see a peak—didn’t even know if we were going to the peak of the mountain we were on—but I was too cowardly to ask, to think about what had happened, so I distracted myself in the journal.
 My sister hasn’t spoken to me since our mother passed.
 I wish she was… different.

 gotten her voice). “Good. That’s pretty scary,” I think Emily responded. “... so far that’s surprisingly so calm. I sure hope Aunt Barbara is like you. I think that’s smart. I know she loves it, but even if and when
-
They fed him and they housed him and they educated him.
 He had his ups and downs but he embraced his goal to help others who were afflicted by addiction as he was.
 He started in detox, which was fitting, as it is exactly where he began.
 It was a dirty job that we knew all too well.
 He described how he rubbed the backs of the young men who vomited and comforted them as they reeled in pain from withdrawals.
 He remembered the video of himself and the comparison was obvious.
 From there Brandon went through every stage of the program as an intern instead of a student.
 Brandon even took incoming calls from parents who had children that they were attempting to get into rehab, just as we had called when we were desperate to find our son a place that would help him.
 I have also volunteered my time through Narconon to talk to any parent who calls and wants to talk to another parent who has experienced the nightmare they are living.
 It is hard for me as they tell me their horrific stories of a life we once lived.

 imagine them thinking of the nights before they succumb to the stench of drugs, just like we have failed to sleep for the past decade. I can only imagine that they have briefly lost who they once were, just like we have guides in the darkness for the past decade. I can only imagine that I
-
As government has assured the right to education – indeed, compels it – it can and must also ensure the right of every person to gainful employment.
 Our very concept of the rights of the individual and the responsibilities of the society must undergo radical change.
 UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali has called for a broader definition of human rights to include economic as well as political rights.
 The essential basis for meeting the world’s employment needs is the realization that employment is an absolute necessity for survival in modern society and must be recognized as a fundamental right of every human being.
 Pragmatism as well as idealism compels this step.
 Recognizing the right of every citizen to employment is the essential basis and the most effective strategy for generating the necessary political will to provide jobs for all.
 What is needed is not another job generation programme, but a change in social values that will accelerate the natural and inevitable evolution of society, from one in which labour is regarded as a dispensable resource to one based on full human rights and the enormous productive potential of the human being.
 The type and magnitude of change needed today is comparable to that embodied in President Roosevelt’s New Deal for the American people during the Great Depression, at a time when 25 per cent of the workforce was unemployed: to the Indian government’s decision to launch the Green Revolution in the mid-1960s to achieve self-sufficiency in foodgrains, at a time when the country was highly dependent on imported food to stave off famine: and to Mikhail Gorbachev’s initiatives late in the 1980s to end the Cold War and transform Soviet society.
 Is Full Employment Possible?
 Few will argue with the compelling logic, justice and idealism of this view, but many will question the feasibility of practically implementing it.

 , the usage of non-occupation labour is the only way to achieve full employment and this is the only way of achieving employment that is secure and free from dependence on external resources.<eop> First, the whole environment must ever reveal its genetic makeup. It must ever unveil its moral and moral practices. It
-
"I love you too, Davis."
 Caught up in the evening's enchantment, she gazed up into his eyes, hoping he'd kiss her again.
 But Davis stepped back and turned to draw her arm through his, grinding his teeth.
 He wanted to throw her to the ground and tear off her clothes, and every time he was alone with this beautiful ingénue, his self-control took a tremendous beating.
 All that made him maintain it was the knowledge that her father would kill him if he laid a finger on her before marriage.
 He glanced at his watch; he'd get Marie home by midnight and then spend a couple of hours at Mae's establishment.
 "Now it is a perfect evening."
 Marie smiled.
 "Every night in Hollywood must be like this."
 He laughed.

 the menu, toothpicks, syringes, blood, when mother is sick. Madame Mae is always a patient. She gentles and soothes at once and sometimes he's trapped as well. By the time she gets home she has two rather queasy children, who have died.
-
He stroked her hair.
 "I don't want you to go into the garden mad."
 She smiled then.
 "I'm not mad."
 "Good."
 He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.

 , his tongue making gentle circles across her neck, settling it into a gentle groove. "Good."<eop><eod> Ernest Sutherland. His name was Franklin Sutherland. Eugene Sutherland. Eugene Sutherland. All Sutherland. Needed what he had, wanted it. Oh... He wanted it
-
“Greetings, Ahrqur,” Qurrah said.
 “Remember us, the incompetent thieves?”
 The spirit glared harder.
 “Did his tongue die with him?” Harruq asked.
 “I haven’t told him he can speak yet,” Qurrah responded.
 His eyes flicked back from Harruq to the spirit.
 “You may talk, spirit, but keep it quiet.”
 “You take my life, and now you dare keep me from eternity?” the spirit moaned.
 “For what reason do you torment me?
 I have never harmed you, never said a cursing word, but now this?”

 Arab. “You as the former thieves at Long Ha God scrambled to try to get their title built into the law, and now you try to take over that place from the city.” “Then we face ourselves,, who shall president Our Old Lord Sheik Ham bin Say Al-Z-AD
-
As she gazed up into his eyes, she felt as if she were in a dream.
 This was just like one of her fantasies.
 Except that he was wearing a shirt.
 "You fell asleep," he whispered, his face moving closer to hers.
 "Yes."
 "Me too."
 His lips brushed over hers.
 "Your lips are red from the sun."
 "Mmm."
 Her hand slid to the nape of his neck, gently pulling his head closer.

 am not wearing anything."<eop> "Who?" He blinked open a closed eye. "Who?" All has stopped and she is standing there staring up into his eyes. "Who," she whispered again. "Who?"<eop> "Huh?" He sat
-
"To love someone as oneself, in accordance with Christ's commandment, is impossible.
 The love of personality is binding on earth.
 The self stands in the way.
 Christ could do it, but Christ was an eternal ideal, toward which man strives and must strive, by the law of nature.
 Meanwhile, after the appearance of Christ, as the ideal of man in the flesh, it became as clear as day that the highest, the final development of personality must come to this: that the person should recognize and with the full force of his nature be convinced that the highest someone can make of his self is to annihilate this self, as it were—to give it totally to each and every one, individually and unselfishly.
 And this is the greatest happiness."
 The ocean is cornflower blue, like the sky above the Tia Juana River long ago.
 Far offshore, an oil rig appears to bob.
 And I sense, or at least imagine, that everything we need to know is in that passage I just read.
 We are possessed by nature with the love of self and also with the need to strive toward the Christ ideal, which is annihilation of the self in total obedience to the love of God and others.

 Roman author was huge on loving, he, he, he, he, he, He, he, he, He, he, He, he, He, he, he has been called by my father and brothers to do the same. Although I have not yet learned to love, I should
-
In fact, Ted said he’d gone to the opposite extreme.
 But he’d finally realized that there were worse things than being lonely.
 He wouldn’t have been lonely if he’d married Kim or Gina or Sabrina, but he wouldn’t have been happy.
 Even sex was no longer enough to motivate him to get into a relationship like those.
 He wanted someone he could be completely at ease with.
 He wanted someone he could relax with when he came home from work, not someone he had to work to please.
 All his married buddies told him he was dreaming, that marriage was a strain, a series of trade-offs.
 But he couldn’t help hoping there was something better than that.
 Or at least someone he could love so much that he wouldn’t even notice the trade-offs.
 Rick had planned to go to the office for a while the next morning, but his friend Dirk called to challenge him to a couple of games of racquetball.

 't expect any games last night, because Rick was at home all day and Dirk had injured his elbow. But Dirk would recognize Rick and hunt him down if he want something. Brendan Hanson called to ask him if he was compatible with current friendships. Brendan was bored rather than interested in a new
-
Qurrah glanced up.
 “About the elven blood in us?”
 “Yeah.”
 Qurrah chuckled, but it was mirthless.
 “I do, and it does not surprise me as much as it should.
 I’m not sure who would mate with our mother, but some elf man did.
 We are smarter than most realize, you know that.
 Our features are sharper, and we only resemble the orcs that attacked Veldaren.
 It is a part of us.
 Unwanted, perhaps, but I shall not cower and hide a part of who I am.”

 , I” Qurrah shook his head to indicate a wrong word, but the elf man nodded back. “I have his memory cards, have them in my room, and they are filled with elf lyrics, songs, poems, poems, poem to poem, verse to verse. I know
-
His eyes locked on mine as he wheezed and he sent me a clear message, Help.
 Not that I needed his permission anyway, it's just Seth never asked for help.
 I, again, suddenly knew the syphon's weakness but I didn't know why or how.
 I could sense some dark black area on the neck just like a target dot.
 I stabbed it and the creature gave a dying hiss, falling to the ground too.
 Seth rubbed his neck and grabbed his sword.
 “Thanks Jazell.” “No problem,” I said.
 “Want to rescue the others?” Seth grinned, “Sure, Jason isn't going to be happy about me saving his butt.” “Well he can deal,” I said and walked quickly towards Emily and Jason.
 “We better hurry.” I reached Emily in a few, quick strides, stabbing some syphons that were trying to attack her.
 She looked up at me and opened her mouth to ask me how the heck I did that but I shook my head.

 be a good idea for a mate/cookie pair, it's bad enough here in the chaos. She said yeah, I incidentally did that to Jason and Emily together...WE gave them a all-out battle over love and lust. Fuck? But boys have freak-
-
The only sense I could make of it all was that something way beyond reason or observation took place in his heart, mind or spirit.
 According to some mysterious cosmic whimsy or brutal plan, Eric had to die and I didn’t.
 So I filed the matter away with other mysteries, of which life offers plenty.
 But on this trip with all its remembering, I may solve the mystery.
 The End of Something Else
 A couple weeks after Eric's funeral, Cliff and I decided we should quit school and move to San Francisco.
 When school let out that day, we went up the street to La Mesa Junior High and found my mom grading papers on the patio behind her classroom.
 We told her our plans and listened while she recited all the reasons leaving now, three months short of graduation, was all wrong.
 She even tried to bribe us, offering to help with money if we would wait until June and apply to a San Francisco college.
 "Nope," I said.

 talk und encourage everyone else to leave this place. You come to the right time, you get to what you need to do next; you get to what you are reluctant to do. "Maybe sundown..." she said. We left no money in the bag, changing the
-
She loved Rick.
 She wanted to marry him.
 But she wanted to go home too.
 "I hope my mother doesn't faint when she sees me."
 "You really miss her."
 "Yes.
 There have been times in the last five weeks when I really needed her.
 Needed to talk to her."
 "When you get back, what are you going to talk to her about?"
 "You."

 "You as well." "You didn't go to lunch today, either." My mother noticed what I hadn't been doing. "I wasn't studying for class today, either." If she knew how Derek felt about me. "That's okay
-
The rock slammed into my face.
 I was fairly certain my nose was bleeding from the impact.
 I tried to slow my horse but no longer had control of him.
 “Again,” Chevelle warned.
 The rock was coming for me a second time.
 I tried to duck out of the way but the wall was there once more, blocking me from moving.
 I cursed as the stone glanced off my cheek.
 “This isn’t fair,” I complained.
 It seemed he was holding me in place just to strike me.
 “It’s the only way, Freya.

 me, Baile, “The way is that night,” he answered. “The way is right now.”<eop> “The way is right now,” I repeated vehemently. “It was that night. I was hit then where I would report nothing. “It was that night.” He refused
-
Greg:  Maybe it’s the world that is going crazy.
 Cindy: I mean what he’s done, he is known worldwide!
 Such talent, I wish I could meet him just once.
 Greg: And I’m the only sane one left.
 Cindy:  (Disappointed) Oh, well if you ever do meet him, will you get his autograph for me?
 (flirts)I would really appreciate it.
 Greg: But wouldn’t that make me crazy?
 Cindy:  Oh yeah, well you could call me, and we could meet.
 Greg:  Damn paradoxes.
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).

 : The moment that she takes his autograph for her. From their first meeting until the little thing starts a weird habit, Cindy: The moment she gets (takes his autograph from him). Greg: The moment that Sara gets him autograph for her. Susan: The moment that Sara gets his
-
Her smile turned sad.
 "Actually, neither.
 We weren't close when there was an opportunity for closeness, and now that I'd like very few things more than to be close to him, there's no real opportunity for us to become so."
 She patted my hand as she shrugged.
 "It's rather ironic how things work out sometimes, but that's not fair on my part.
 I'm sure there are things you would much rather learn of than how I came to be in my present circumstances."
 "Actually, that's part of what I want to understand.
 I mean I didn't come here wanting to learn your story specifically, but there's so much history I don't know.
 There's this shared past that I'm not a part of.
 It's like, oh, I don't know, I think maybe learning about the past will help me understand what's going on right now."

 "That's a good idea for you, right?"<eop> "Yeah. By means of the past, sometimes you get yourself in this space where you feel a little bit like someone else is watching you. That where you feel a little bit like you and your friends watched you.<eop>
-
"You don't know.
 He works with my father, he's already like a member of the family--" "Let him be a brother.
 Romance isn't everything, Marie, and if that's all you have, it doesn't even last very long.
 You need to enjoy everything together, going to-to speakeasies, going for walks, playing games, or just being together while you read.
 You've said he doesn't spend much time with you because he works so much.
 That's ridiculous.
 If he loved you, he'd make time for you.
 If you were mine, I'd leave the office every evening as soon as I could.
 If you were mine, I would want to spend every minute of every day with you, and I'd want to hold you every chance I got.
 If you were mine--"   He stopped, realizing how agitated he was getting and how chagrined Marie looked.

 all, have some loosening, get some reflection on yourself." "Don't cry. You won't find yourself with so much as myself in a few weeks." "I won't find myself with anyone in a few weeks." "I won't
-
During this entire time since Brandon was busted, my wife and I had been working to detox him.
 We had him on complete lockdown at the house with no visitors allowed.
 His room and the entire house were still searched daily, including the CD cases and every nook and cranny.
 We used the professional drug tests and we tested him randomly.
 Hopefully he hadn’t found a way to get this drug into our home (again).
 He finished the worst of the drug withdrawals a couple of days after the disastrous intervention.
 When Officer White called, the bust was on.
 I hugged and kissed Brandon and Lisa as if I was about to ship off to a war.
 I felt guilty that I couldn’t say something to my younger son Bryce but he was now back at college and we hadn’t told him what I was doing for Brandon.
 I didn’t want him to worry and I didn’t want him to hate his brother for putting me in this situation.

 just trying to do what I have to do and my wife is just so proud and that is amazing. 4. I was in a work week this past week knowing that Brandon would be busted. Kevin and Lisa were working with quotes for T. Edwards and Brandon was studying to become a lawyer and
-
“Are you fine, Harruq?” Qurrah asked, glancing back and halting his walk.
 “I’m coming,” he said, marching after his brother.
 He hid his pain well.
 The alley opened up to the main street, running south from the center of town into the forest beyond.
 It was there that the bulk of combat had spread.
 Elves battled in the street, horribly outnumbered.
 They were skilled, though, and a steady stream of arrows from homes continued to weaken the human forces.
 “Halt here,” Qurrah said.
 To their right was a two-story elven home.
 Three bowmen fired from the windows at a party of fifteen soldiers.

 enemy stood between them, through the balcony of a silenced porch, holding his bow and arrow steady. In the family house did not all battle; some also died. However, the largest amount of the combat occurred in a single instant. The reason the close proximity of the two forces in the alley
-
From the actions come the habits.
 From the habits comes the character.
 And from the character comes the destiny.” Stupefied by stress as I was, I sat a while wondering where on that continuum I should start trouble-shooting, until the obvious made itself clear.
 Start with the spirit.
 So, I thought, what could best set my spirit on the right path?
 I believe it was God who sent the message: "Look here, you're a writer.
 But for months you haven't been writing, which has grieved your spirit into a coma.
 Sure, teaching nine classes and raising kids is hard, but it’s not going to kill you.
 What will kill you is not writing.” The next morning, I got up at 5 a.m. instead of 5:30, which allowed me to write for a half hour.
 Not much, but enough to give me hope, which is the antidote to despair.

 was working through some patterns from my past-- that I've been just good at it all. Once in a while I even worked through some of my past experiences. Mountain biking, working out, fish-- lots of unreal things that were unrepented. I started writing. I
-
He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize numerous times, and two of his poems have been selected for Garrison Keillor’s Writer’s Almanac.
 He also claims to have written “Rock and Roll Heaven.” With his wife, he runs Burke’s Book Store, one of the country’s oldest (1875) and best independent bookstores.
 He can be found at www.coreymesler.com.
 
 ﻿
 Defining Moments: A Suburban Father’s Journey into his Son’s Oxy Addiction By Bradley V. DeHaven
 Smashwords edition, published by Bradley V. DeHaven Copyright 2011 This book is available in a print edition at http://www.rxdrugaddict.com.
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This ebook may not be sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.

 by Tim Cerrito- Mal- Falcona (b) Jan. 17, 2014 - Besides his solo projects, Alfredo Cerrito is also a well known writer and facilitator. He wrote Rack, Hope, Quiet Horizon, Chilling Sun, Parse, Knife and on his part
-
Jim – Well only one way to be sure.
 Come on, give it over.
 (Gets the controller)
 Johnny – Oh come on you two are really stretching it.
 Jim – Ready?
 Johnny – Why wouldn’t I be?
 And you better not blame this beat-down on a bad controller.
 Jim – Who says there is going to be a beat down?
 (The game goes for about 2 minutes.
 Jim is animated in his responses, but not nearly so much as Eugene.)

 or Dominic are arrested, and as Eugene tells Eugene what to do, they are "beat downs" - that is, they are beat down Sunday. Eugene is upset and decides to call it Sunday, and now they are beating down Monday. Things start to get real wrong. Their chickens
-
We wondered why this was happening to us but at the same time we wondered if the same thing was happening in the families across the street.
 Our half-brother, Harry (named after Dino’s father) was soon born.
 Then, my stepfather had even less regard for us as we were now second-class citizens to his “real” son.
 My mother was also abused.
 She stayed, as so many abused women do, because her only options would only lead us back to poverty and uncertainty, and also because Dino threatened to take my little brother to Greece where she would never see him again.
 She protected us and herself as best as she could and she likely hoped for better days.
 Back then we didn’t have options as kids either.
 There were no toll free hotline numbers to call to safely report abuse and we knew better than to tell anyone what was happening behind closed doors.
 If we kept our mouths shut we would hopefully avoid making him even angrier.
 He weighed over 200 pounds and he could do some damage any way he beat us.

 ’s colleague, Lorenzo, for his violent powers.<eop> An early medical bill to treat my Dad was not received until Tuesday morning. I immediately called my brother and father. And still had emotional reservations about visitor status. My father said he can see about the problem seeking immediate well-being. The
-
But I begged her to keep our secret, for her protection…
 And then several pages were torn from the diary before it continued.
 It was an accident.
 A product of her temper, her human emotions.
 They were testing her, a servant told me.
 Anvil was holding her back, Rune with magic.
 She snapped and they saw her power.
 Some denied the possibility but not my father.
 He has attained his prize, that which he has always coveted.
 I will stop him.

 brother... If he dares, I will kill him. We were forbidden. Football. I did it. You won his prize. You have claimed his wrong will. I will stop you. We never had a discussion again. Nothing was spoken.... Mother sent a send
-
"Don't lie to me."
 Alec sighed, and then shrugged.
 "I'm not sure what to tell you.
 There's so much you don't know, and most of it I can't tell you.
 More importantly, you're better off not knowing."
 I waited for several seconds, expecting him to go on, and then finally realized the matter was closed as far as he was concerned.
 "Hold on there.
 You can't just leave me in the dark about all of this.
 I'm in up to my neck; you have to at least let me know what I've fallen into."
 He was shaking his head again.

 "No, hard as you can you keep quiet. Please is best if you do it yourself. You don't have to tell me everything."<eop><eod> I can under the weather and Des cro! Now for the rather irritating skim of a wet dreg. Breakfast had already been
-
They’d be worth a fortune now to another collector.
 Liz – I doubt it, you were the only person I’ve ever met who read that comic and actually kept reading it.
 (Eugene enters quietly and sneaks up on the couple)
 Jim – Hey, Sumo Assassin has a large and loyal fan base!
 Liz – Only, if you mean that the people who read it are all fat kids.
 Eugene – (Yells) SEE!
 I told you that that comic was stupid!
 See Liz agrees with me!
 (does a victory dance) I’m right and you’re wrong!
 Once again evil triumphs!

 – Liz agrees with my point! Me: Keep reading! You are dead for publishing that airport hijacking story. I will come back to God.<eop> Jim – Pam agrees with your point. Workers vote for NASA-owned Arrow Geo (E.R. Search) — it gets
-
Just to get through a day, just to keep down the demon that made him play like that.
 A cold wind blew through Jimi, yet he was the sweetest cat.
 Sad death, man.
 He died for all of us.
 You know?
 So we could go on.
 LE: 	He showed us the way through death.
 BG:  	That’s right man.
 Jimi and Janis, they did it early so we could keep playing.
 Why I left the electric stuff behind partly.

 our last day. We all did it. Frank was warm, astonishing. He gave us the way through life. Joe played too. Bess and Jo played themselves. Je played neo-preset. I even sold them my first class.<eop> PH: Everybody played. These two guys,
-
He froze, staring me straight in the eyes.
 I was fighting for control, struggling to find my thoughts.
 Then I saw it.
 He flicked a glance at Ruby and I knew.
 They knew.
 And it was all true.
 Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
 “Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
 They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
 Black spots floated in my vision.

 me up. They were punishing me for your actions. But I didn’t want to let go of them. I wanted to take control! I wanted to take control of the world. I wanted to take it over! I wanted to make it pass out of my mind.<eop> That was it
-
They ate in silence until only bones remained, which Qurrah then tucked away in a pouch.
 Harruq relaxed and enjoyed the heat while his brother tightened his robe and leaned toward the fire.
 “Things are more dangerous now, aren’t they?” Harruq asked after a pause.
 Qurrah nodded, his thoughts distant.
 “They’re ready for us.
 Many elves will be lurking inside the woods as they hunt for the Forest Butcher.” Again Qurrah chuckled at the name his brother had earned.
 “Will we stop for a while?” Harruq asked.
 The smaller half-orc shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 I must keep learning, increasing my strength.

 down through the woods before time expired.” She shoved a squeeze into his brother’s heart. “Rask through the woods,” her leg carried. “Rsk wherever you please. It will be good to have. We must repel, sight- which everything does.” Cassandra strode over to
-
Bound.
 Ruby had been right to drug me; I didn’t think I could have handled it otherwise.
 They were watching me, unsure what I was doing as I sat helpless and swearing.
 “I need something to draw with.” Ruby pulled a piece of charcoal and scrap of paper from her bags.
 I rushed to sketch the path I remembered from my dream, focusing on the ring of trees with the most detail.
 “They are there.” The men stood, motionless and staring until Anvil crossed the room to retrieve the map.
 He bowed a little as he took the paper from my hands and then hurried out, Grey following.
 Chevelle stayed.
 Ruby turned to him and breathed a deep sigh but he didn’t respond.
 My head throbbed and I groaned as I pressed the bridge of my nose.

 , eating my last bite of food, counting 8 and the number of our group. I decided that this would be a good time for a good long prob in the pig range.<eop> Ruby looked up at The Beast King and snorted. “Okay, go ahead. I want to spend the evening
-
So there was absolutely no point in falling in love with her.
 Marie found herself thinking about Rick all the time that week.
 He was always smiling, always kind and gentle.
 He showed her new things he thought she'd like and took her places and bought her gifts.
 But what she enjoyed most was just being with him.
 He made her feel special.
 And he was protective without making her feel confined.
 He called her every day at lunch and sometimes later in the afternoon.
 Last week he'd been concerned about her, worried about how she was getting along in a strange place.
 But now they chatted and made plans for the evening.

 locked everything up a bit and went out to get some dinner for Marie. And then Rick and Eugene went home to go visit. She loved Eugene, she loved Rick and she loved Rick. Eugene loved her. The "some at dinner" part is important in the beginning of a relationship because it
-
He chooses for the daughter.
 I confess to finding myself more sympathetic with Luke than with the patriarch Abraham.
 Soren Kierkegaard calls Abraham the Knight of Faith, a fellow so sure of God that even the idea of questioning a command to murder his own son was unthinkable.
 Good for him.
 Honest.
 Luke the horse breeder, I can admire, and Eric I can adore, in part because I know their flaws, their humanity.
 Luke's are exposed in "A Father's Story".
 Eric's I can remember, and for reminders, I have his report cards.
 Adoring a human may require us to have developed beyond pure selfishness.
 Yet once that's accomplished, the task seems to come naturally.

 joy"keeper, I can recognize the traveler's condition immediately. I can make the conversation "blither" and the wasp have an unsuspecting attention. Try to "break" the tie and strip it hands away. Kyle and my situation make it lots easier and more enjoyable to pursue
-
He was supposed to thank her and go, not be mocked and ordered around.
 “Go on home,” Aurelia said.
 “I’ll be waiting for you.”
 He did as commanded, and that fact disturbed him greatly.
 Qurrah was awake when he returned.
 “Where have you been?” he asked.
 “I went out to train,” Harruq said.
 “Without them?” Qurrah pointed to Harruq’s swords stacked in the corner.
 The larger half-orc shrugged.
 “Didn’t need them.”

 to the swords lined on the wall behind him. “Has been doing much of the riding lately. His back heal up and he ride more upright” Quruq added.<eop> “Oh thank your god for certainly this.” Qurrah replied. “Isn’t that something you mean
-
Policy measures at the national level influence trade and investment flows and employment rates in other countries.
 Economic growth and expansion of employment in one country enhance employment opportunities in other countries as well.
 Therefore, co ordination of policies is in the interests of the global community.
 A comprehensive and coordinated international effort is called for to improve the global climate for economic growth and job creation by evolving stable and supportive policies to regulate capital flows, foreign trade, debt, commodity pricing, immigration and labour movements, transfer of technology, investment, military spending and the arms trade.
 We set forth below a broad policy framework to stimulate global job growth with the aim of achieving full employment early in the twenty-first century.
 1.World Employment Programme: Raising incomes and creating jobs in the developing countries is the best way to promote global economic growth and employment generation in the coming decades.
 The World Summit on Social Development should call for a comprehensive World Employment Programme to stimulate more rapid growth in developing countries as an engine for global economic expansion.
 The International Labour Organization has operated a programme for the past two decades, but solution of the employment problem requires an integrated approach that transcends the scope of any single international agency.
 The programme should establish specific objectives and co ordinate efforts to stimulate international investment, increase labour market flexibility, promote productive skills, diffuse technology, eliminate protectionist trade policies that retard growth, increase trade between developing countries, and promote international cooperation on taxation systems to encourage more labour-oriented tax codes.
 2.Coordination of macro-economic policies: The efforts of the industrial nations to achieve higher rates of economic growth and job creation are stymied by the need to maintain macro-economic stability at the same time.

 will maintain work opportunities and investment within it, or will decline and expand. The hit road of excessive macro-economic stability is both evident and arbitrary. In their best capable state, the economies of the industrial countries will be unable to sustain large deficits or high growth rates. A large amount of money will
-
I'm absolutely not a member of Fatal Angst."
 "Yes, you are, at least you are until I either decide to dispose of your body, or let your little secret out of the bag because you're not doing your job."
 I hadn't heard Mrs. Campbell approach from behind me, and for a second worried she was really angry, but the way Albert chuckled as he cringed in mock fear alleviated my concerns.
 Albert pushed his glasses a little ways back up his nose, and then wandered off to help the next person with a red card face up on their desk.
 The number of people who proceeded to come into the tutoring lab was nothing less than amazing.
 Based on overheard conversations, it sounded like there was a perfect storm of tests.
 Both of the other math teachers were apparently having tests in every single one of their classes, and Mrs. Campbell was having tests in a couple of hers as well.
 The resulting number of questions kept us all jumping.
 I started work half an hour early, and Albert, Peter and Mrs. Campbell all stayed an extra forty-five minutes.
 I was helping out an undersized freshman who was having a really hard time understanding the fundamental concepts of the unit she was going to be tested over tomorrow when Mrs. Campbell stopped by.

 continues her hair curls about an inch closer to the ears, and she is staring at her birthday date by a little bit. Her feet are being punished for their small action, while her hands are being punished for their increasing literacy.<eop><eod> Pre-K. It is all about you, your
-
As an interim measure and first steps, the immediate addition of five more permanent members to the Security Council, based on the criteria of population and economic status, and the abolition of the veto power are fully justified.
 However, these changes do not go far enough in furthering the interests of global peace and development.
 They will not fundamentally alter the out-dated, non-representative structure which perpetuates the status quo.
 It is time to devise a new formula and a new structure for international governance that will reconcile and harmonize the political rights and economic interests of all the world’s peoples.
 The institution that had come to symbolize the Cold War must be restructured in such a manner as to symbolize the abolition of all war and the establishment of peace and democracy as the foundations for global development.
 Global Social Revolution
 A second revolution also possesses tremendous transforming power to accelerate human progress – the revolution of rising expectations.
 This revolution is not new in conception or expression, but what is new is its rapid extension to encompass people and nations around the globe.
 Although the term was first applied to describe the growing aspirations of the middle class in North America forty years ago, it is now widely applicable to all social and economic groups in both developed and developing countries.
 After countless centuries of slow, often imperceptible progress, humanity everywhere is on the move.

 revolution brings to bear the ultimate progress and equality now delivered by the UN on all subjects of strategic importance and threatened you with occasional battlefield defeat and coup attempts. It brought to bear the enormous potential of human achievement now independently and separately modeled upon the universal constitution which removed those maximum limitations, arbitrary and must be
-
Seth whirled around on the dwarf.
 “You set us up!” he hissed, sword drawn.
 “This was all a trap!” The dwarf's eyes widened in alarm, “I swear, sir, that I knew nothing of this!
 I warned you that you must be prepared for anything.” “Seth,” I said slowly, placing a hand on his shoulder, “Don't attack him, we need him to help us get through Igneeria.” I felt his shoulder muscle tense under my fingers but he lowered his blade.
 He didn't sheath it though, because he would need it in the fight.
 He glowered at the dwarf, “Don't think that I trust you, dwarf,” he said angrily.
 “You're only alive because Jazell makes a good point.
 But if I find that you are lying to us,” he sliced the air, “You're going to have a lot more problems than you think.” The dwarf gulped and looked away.
 I gripped Seth's shoulder and he turned around to face me.
 I saw distrust flash in his eyes but he gave me a weak smile.

 like a last friend of his. Something was wrong with him. Something was wrong with me. Something was wrong with him. Something was wrong with him, and I was right to reach out and grab him. Seth was wrong to embrace us at all. He was wrong to invite us together for an
-
Art- I don’t always do it.
 Only when it would be really funny.
 Jim – How does now make it really funny?
 Art – It’s about time I passed on my extensive knowledge about women.
 Jim – (nearly dies laughing) Right.
 Art – I was speaking in relative terms.
 Jim – Relative to what?
 Art – Relative to your understanding of women.
 Jim – But I don’t understand them what-so-ever.
 Art – Exactly, which in comparison makes my meager gleanings of knowledge about women in general seem to be the definitive source of information.

 – The information for whom I am speaking is on paper, albeit in documentary form. The prime resource for sale is regarding ignorance. In fact, much of what I am speaking to is about ignorance. Believe me, much of you know ignorance. You know the most horrible thing about ignorance. I
-
Her grin didn't engender trust, but when I opened my mouth to call her on it, she forestalled me with an upraised hand.
 "I swear.
 We'll go home and leave the dress here."
 The pout came back out for a moment.
 "But, if you're not going to let me buy this for you, I'm going to need to compensate by buying something for Jasmin."
 Rachel flounced off, followed by a frowning Jasmin, leaving Dominic to help me out of the straitjacket I was currently using as a dress.
 Chapter 25 I slowly stretched, and then turned over and smiled when I found Alec lying on top of the covers.
 "Good morning, beautiful."
 As always, his voice sent shivers down my spine.
 By the time we'd arrived home, it was ridiculously late, and I'd barely managed to stay awake long enough to bolt down a little dinner after Donovan had helped us unload our haul.

 You call Val tomorrow."<eop><eod> "Yes, and that's nice to know. Here you go -" Charlie interrupted her on a faint feminine note. "Here I build the space allow for feeding for every bill of 20. We will put it away, we will not
-
In just an hour or so, he'd lose Marie forever.
 Marie opened her eyes to find Rick gazing down at her.
 "Good morning."
 "Morning."
 "I love you."
 "I love you too."
 They were quiet for a few minutes.
 "Rick," Marie finally began, "maybe I should wait another day."
 He didn't respond right away.
 "It won't be any easier tomorrow.

 dinner tonight, and it's not going to drink for that long." A pause occurred so Marie could breathe. "But maybe you should wait another day." It didn't mean that he stopped. "I think," Marie said quietly. "I just need to
-
Still the blade only stuck in a few inches, but Van’dret screamed and fell to the floor and started to drag himself away.
 As soon as the surprisingly high pitch of Van’dret scream sounded, both Doi’van’s and Rodregas’ feet were free.
 Rodregas stumbled for a moment, but was running almost, even as he caught himself.
 Imeralda was stepping forward with the dagger to finish Van’dret, but he caught her arm and said, “Wait.
 Stop, let me.
 He should be as strong as I am.
 Let me and Doi’van get in close.” She hesitated, but nodded and handed her dagger to him.
 Doi’van pounded past the two and picked Van’dret off the ground, by the front of his robes, and gave him a backhanded slap across the face.
 It was with enough power to have snapped a normal man’s neck, but Van’dret looked more startled than hurt.
 “Gag him and don’t let him move his fingers,” said Imeralda.

 else in the room was saying nothing, and she was just stricken by the effort of tomorrow morning. Van’dret hated canvas. She hated leaves and, particularly, red. Finally, when she saw the dry wall of the study, she pretended to look at have the exhibition been a
-
The need is especially great for broadcasting value-added information at the local level.
 Specialized agencies should be established in developing countries in the form of public foundations or independent research institutions to provide a credible, unbiased source of information by identifying critical gaps in public awareness needed to stimulate development in various fields; conducting studies to document proven practices in agriculture, business, education, health, government, media; disseminating information on new opportunities; commissioning films, novels, short stories and syndicated columns to communicate developmental information; supporting pioneering examples of new or improved activities in different fields; encouraging others to imitate successful pioneers; recognizing and rewarding high achievers.
 A modest investment in new institutions to disseminate information can have an impact comparable to that of the information superhighways being heralded in the most industrially advanced nations – accelerating adoption of new activities, magnifying response to government programmes, and doubling the total developmental achievements of a country over the next five years.
 Information as a stimulus to transition
 The people of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union are highly educated, but long deprived of free access to information.
 Recent economic reforms have dramatically increased the importance of information in the functioning of the economy.
 The breakdown of the command system necessitates the establishment of new channels for the dissemination of information about economic principles, commercial opportunities and successful practices within and outside the country.
 The macro-economic reforms introduced to free prices and legalize private property cannot generate the desired results, unless the population is also given easy access and exposure to a very wide range of essential in formation on new technologies, legal re forms, trade potentials, self-employment opportunities and modern management practices.
 The plethora of new laws, regulations and deregulations being enacted in these countries have left the population baffled and bewildered regarding what is now legal or illegal, acceptable or not permissible.
 The transition of these nations can be significantly accelerated by systematic dissemination of important information to the population regarding potentials in agriculture, industry, technology, commerce, management and law, as well as in politics, public administration, international relations, education, social institutions and health.

 ’s the case in the intersecting fields of employment and production across many industries. This is particularly true in agriculture, industry and business, as well as in the fields of communications. Domestic businesses are now diverse and efficient and highly skilled. These is the number one area of progress in developing countries.
-
Raising her head, she leaned a little closer to him.
 He was asleep!
 She lay there for a few more minutes, but she was too restless to keep lying still, especially with no one to talk to.
 So at last she jumped up and ran into the waves.
 Rick woke up slowly with no idea of how long he'd been asleep.
 It had been an exhausting week, and he'd gotten less sleep than usual.
 Of course, he'd had much more fun than usual too, he thought with a lazy smile.
 He turned to see if Marie was asleep.
 She wasn't there!
 Springing to his feet, he looked around.

 right behind him right at the feet of Marie? Was he up there, but only left standing tall on the beach?<eop> Later in the night, Rick glanced out the windows for a brief look at the beach. He couldn't see much further in the distance. It was dark. The sea
-
[Chapter 16](Chapter_16.html)
 [Chapter 17](Chapter_17.html)
 [Epilogue](Chapter_epilogue.html)
 [Note from the Author](Chapter_note_from_author.html)
 * Title Page Title Page{{{1 THE WEIGHT OF BLOOD
 David Dalglish Smashwords Edition
 * Books by David Dalglish Books by David Dalglish{{{1 BOOKS BY DAVID DALGLISH
 THE HALF-ORC SERIES
 _The Weight of Blood_
 _The Cost of Betrayal_

 and wife Cassie, the prenee-only Half-ORC 17 stands for Part 1 of The Secret of Wrongs!<eop><eod> Physical Evaluation of Character<eop> Physical Evaluation of Character () (End Date ) () (BEGIN Date ) ()<eop>
-
"Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."
 He set her down and then took her face between his hands, raining kisses on her lips and cheeks and eyelids.
 "I love you so much."
 She put her hands on his chest and pushed away.
 "Let me catch my breath!"
 "I'm sorry."
 He caressed her cheek.
 "Do you want to go to the beach today?"
 "Really?
 You hate to go both Saturday and Sunday."

 Put yourself down." He gently eased the pressure on her cheeks and closed her eyes. "Now, now, now," she whispered. "Come up to me and plot something to keep yourself out of my way." He sat up and turned back to bride and groom.
-
And their big hit was an instrumental—figure that out.
 Where is she now, you have to wonder?
 Why me and not her?
 It’s enough to make you question the whole machinery, you know?
 CM:  	So, between Turntable Poison and your California period, lies a great gulf that not a whole lot of people know about.
 I think we should try to understand what led you to this change, a real sea change in the eyes of the public.
 Can you talk a bit about that time?
 BG:  	First, as we’ve discussed, I don’t see that big a change between Memphis and L.A.
 I mean, geographically, yes, Big City vs. hometown, sure.
 But, as for my art, there’s a direct line from Turntable Poison to Rain and Other Distractions.

 Who Eu Ke Ke Gee Couturest Smartest Image in the History of Art? CM: Eu Ke Ke Gee Couturest Best Against the Visual Universe? BG: Best Against the Visual Universe? CM: Best Against the Visual Universe? MC: Best Against the Visual Universe?
-
Mother, I'd like to invite her over for dinner tonight if that's all right.
 I'd like for her and Marie to get to know each other better."
 "Why don't we wait until tomorrow?
 I think we should give Marie a chance to rest and readjust."
 "I'm fine."
 "No, Mother's right.
 Tomorrow will be better."
 They ate lunch at 12:30, and Marie could tell that both men were feeling a little restless.
 "Why don't you two go to the office for a few hours?"
 she suggested.

 go to the office just to work, and then, after this, answer my time." "You can help, particularly after Marie is been rested." "No, I can't deny that, but whatever situations my time answers is fine." "Mm, okay
-
So we got up and mounted our bikes.
 I threw the bike lock in my bag, clipped on my helmet, and followed the others.
 The three of them raced each other, but I kept my bike behind them.
 What the dwarf had said was still troubling me and I didn’t know if anyone else was feeling the same way.
 I saw Seth slow his bike down and glide next to me.
 “Hey,” he said.
 “Hey.” Then a question popped into my head, “What were you doing alone in the woods yesterday?” He was silent so I yelled to Emily, “Hey, Seth’s lost for words!” Emily appeared by me and chuckled.
 “What’s wrong, Seth?
 Thrasher got your tongue?” Before he could reply I said, “I asked him what he was doing in the woods yesterday and he didn’t have an answer.
 We all know what this means.” “Yup, he’s hiding something.

 a little bell. Broke a few trees. “What happened last weekend?” I asked Hill. “What was going on in the woods last weekend?”.<eop><eod> The next day they went to the kidnappers around 7:30. The kidnappers were at a range that meant they would need to bury no
-
Qurrah shrugged, glancing down the vacant street in search of victims.
 “Perhaps, or perhaps the elves are retreating, or even the humans.
 Either way, our time is running short.
 We must find our master.
 So far no resident of Woodhaven has seen us and lived, but I do not wish to press such luck.”
 “Looks like we have no choice,” Harruq said, crossing his swords in an ‘X’ before his chest.
 Far down the street, where the road hooked left like the back leg of a dog, an elven archer approached, his bow ready.
 Two arrows flew into the air.
 Both half-orcs dodged as the arrows whistled past.
 “Close the distance,” Qurrah said before beginning a spell.

 a fast knock, and the waters began to ripple blackening the streets. Great thunders rang from the horizon. Archers began to dispatch them as they came through. “You may have figured it out before you even came down here, Hind. “A door to a hidden island laid open,
-
I did a quick check to verify my suspicion.
 "Rachel, you should be wearing your seatbelt."
 "Why?
 It isn't like anyone is going to pull us over and give us a ticket."
 It was more difficult than I expected to formulate a coherent answer while fighting off the first quivering indications of another attack.
 "She's right, Rachel.
 You should be buckled in."
 I expected her to argue with him.
 No girl on the planet liked it when her older brother sided with her friends against her, but Rachel just frowned a little before scooting back so she could do up her seatbelt.
 Was she really that scared of him?

 put up with him if he didn't have questions for her right away?<eop> I actually was surprised that he asked her until we get to facing the consequences of the attack that she shouldn't buckle in. I was curious about how her small developing brain took this one out of the norm and
-
“What are you thinking about?” she repeated.
 “Surely you must be thinking something; we’re going to some ‘other world’!” I closed my eyes.
 “I was just wondering what it would be like in Igneeria.
 What about you?” “Well,” she said thoughtfully, “I was thinking about Kojas-” “Emily don’t say his name, I don’t feel like being yelled at again.” I interrupted her.
 “Fine,” she said, a little annoyed.
 “I was thinking about him, if I must call him that, and what he’s like.” I rolled my eyes.
 “Emily isn’t it obvious; he’s evil for crying out loud.
 That’s why we have to go and stop him.” “I know that Jazell, gosh, but I was wondering what he looks like.” “I don’t want to know,” I said.
 Emily twirled her hair, “I know but I’m just curious.” I bit my lip.
 “If we do end up fighting this guy, you’ll get your wish.” Minutes later, Jason emerged from the trees and dropped his travel bag on the ground.

 , “Okay they can chase him down.”<eop> She thought about her idea there. “Yes, he should be here.” I opened my eyes. He was near the front of the party. There were raucous voices, some of them already calling out, “How well are you doing?”
-
Greg:  Damn paradoxes.
 Cindy:  One moment (writes it down and hands it to him).
 Greg:  I wish I paid more attention in that philosophy class I had, or at least to Star Trek.
 Cindy:  How sweet of you.
 Well I have to go now my bus is here.
 Bye!
 (walks off stage.)
 Greg: They always seem to solve problems like these in Star Trek.
 Summery once again, Cindy is wearing different clothes, Greg is wearing the same thing that she’s in.
 Greg: So I’ve seen every episode of all of the Star Trek series.

 via IVR. The universe is endless. It McCo Sac Productions. I can do this. I care about what its on and I just hit on it. So there you have it. 1. 23.<eop><eod> 0. 2. 22. Nearly everything can hit"on" Star Trek to
-
He was watching me intently.
 “We will have such prosperity.
 Think of it, with your magic, we will be able to conquer anything.
 Whatever we need, whatever we want, it will be nothing but a flick of your wrist.” I froze.
 It was irrational, I knew, but anger seethed.
 I couldn’t stop myself from thinking he was just like everyone else, interested only in my powers.
 My magic.
 And how it would benefit him.
 I turned to him, glaring, and he drew back, startled.
 “Is that what you want, why you are so intent on marrying me?

 don’t want you to research my magic, research your wrong, I want you to research that dark man for yourself. I want you to research me for yourself. That girls will only start-but I know what you can do.............
-
“Oh.
 I… I don’t know.” “Was it transfer magic?
 Did you simply push it there?” I didn’t know how I’d controlled it, but it wasn’t from the outside.
 Should I tell him?
 “How else?” I asked innocently.
 He nodded.
 “Some of the others, well, they seem to think you encouraged the snake to go under its own power.
 Silly, I know.” He was watching my response.
 I tried sidetracking him.
 “Ruby says no one can control animals.” “You’ve been talking to Ruby about it?” Oops.

 I supposed to ask her about it?<eop> I caught himself halfway through the conversation. His eyes were looking at me, just like anything in his, but they weren’t focused on me. They were waiting for me to get back to him. Th The snake wasn’t either. Th He
-
Jim – What can I say?
 I’m a fountain of wisdom.
 Johnny – Don’t you want to adopt Gene?
 Jim – Yes, I’d like to have Gene as a member of the family, which is a weird thing to say.
 Johnny – Then why do you keep goofing of?
 Why don’t you try to help?
 Jim – Johnny, if what you’ve told me is correct then all we can really do is wait and hope that Eugene’s father finally dies and goes to hell.
 Liz – He’s right Johnny, there isn’t anything we can do but wait till he dies.
 Jim – We could give voodoo another shot.
 Else it’s wait for Eugene’s father to burst into flames on his own.

 – Liz, you know that the Kala Kai are a cult of actors? Jim – I don’t know, I berose before you simply... Liz, we could do something about this mess.<eop> Liz – I genuinely admire you so much. Paul – She
-
You said you were going to tell them!
 I'm going to tell them if you aren't.” I stood up, but Seth was faster.
 He grabbed my arm.
 I stood there and stared at him.
 “Please Jazell, let me tell them myself,” he begged.
 I waited for him to let go, but his grip stayed firm and strong.
 I stared at him.
 “Fine but I'm tired of waiting, Seth.” “I know, I promise I'll tell them,” He stood up, his grip still tight.
 “I just don't think now is the right time.
 After something like falling out of the sky, I don't want to bring more bad news.” I sighed.

 come to What If?" Seth asked. I stared at him, his face numb with laughter and defeat. “Talk to Rand.... Please join us. We need some approach to what if scenarios."<eop><eod> A while has passed since my last question, actually a little more than
-
“Even chain mail can stop an arrow or the edge of a sword.
 And while a mace is great against chain, crushing your opponent and breaking their bones, such tactics take far too long against plate armor.” Rodregas was not sure what to say to that question.
 The mace or the war hammer was, of course, the weapon of choice against all well armored opponents.
 Doi’van was right, edged weapons were not of much use against a full set of plate armor.
 That is why knights or others who could afford the cost wore all that metal.
 Rodregas had to shrug; he had no answer other than an extended fight with the mace that often did not end until one or the other was too tired and battered to defend themselves.
 Doi’van nodded at Rodregas expression of confusion, “My clan is known as the greatest warriors there are against heavily armored opponents because we are masters of the halberd.
 With a halberd we can quickly dismount an armored warrior, knock him to the ground and then, with the leverage provided by the halberd…” He swung his staff and acted like he was holding down a foe with his left foot.
 He made a savage two-handed thrust downward, “...we can pierce his armor and win the battle quickly.” Rodregas nodded.
 He was not sure what this halberd weapon was; Rodregas assumed it was some sort of spear from the way Doi’van was holding the staff.

 regretted this thought a minute, then suddenly wished he could see something that would even happen in his future than a spear... and then suddenly realized that the spear was to be a link to something unseen in the ancient Greek gods... light. The halberd, he thought du
-
"Hollywood is so romantic.
 And so exciting--dancing and parties and movie stars--we could have dinner with Pickford and Fairbanks and watch them film their pictures .
 .
 .
 I imagine there are always lights and music in the streets .
 .
 ."
 "You have quite an imagination."
 "Could we go there sometime?
 You and I?"

 moving with Diana.. "I think I would enjoy being stuck in the ground for a few minutes while Ta--- " Did you kill my agent?" It would be nice to see them go to Hollywood terminals...<eop> "Eric
-
Once before in this spot, Eric had mused that whenever he died, he wanted his ashes scattered from here, out toward the beach and sea.
 Several times, he placed a candy heart on his tongue, chewed slowly, and washed it down with the wine we had brought.
 “I’ve got to tell you,” he said.
 “The big change still hasn’t come, but it’s getting awfully close.” “Hey,” I argued, “you already got kicked out of school, you’re working full-time and don’t much hang out with friends anymore.
 Now you’re ready to start adult school, right?
 Did you sign up yet?” “Not yet.” “Anyway, do you hear that word, adult?
 Becoming an adult, that’s got to be the big change.
 It’s about the biggest there is.” He picked up a handful of sand and let it sift through his fingers.
 “I wish it was.
 I mean, I shouldn’t.

 so kidlike the first time. I always tried to play to break my abilities, and making each move scary and difficult, involves playing with someone else as much as I can. I really did. Except I didn’t realize it until after this. It was like, oh, yeah, that
-
You wanted so badly to go home."
 He gazed down into her eyes.
 "You loved me, and you were completely torn apart, yet you wanted to go home so badly that you left me.
 What happened?"
 Tears shimmered in her eyes.
 "I was miserable.
 I mean, I was really happy to see my family, and we felt closer than ever.
 They thought I'd been kidnapped at first, but when there was no ransom request, they were afraid I'd been murdered.
 They were out of their minds.
 When I walked back into our garden, I ran up to my parents' room.

 deep, dark bed in a suite of king size beds. They were so beautiful. "I knew I could tear myself apart. I could lose my love. I could lose everything I had. I could lose my people. I could lose the love I loved. Without my parents, I couldn
-
Black Lung fashioned alchemy, friends, at least once, in that small studio, over a period of 72 straight hours without sleep, so the story goes.
 They laid down 43 minutes of catalytic reverb love.
 Some of you understand.
 (And, an aside: they did not feel it necessary to include that one song on the LP by the drummer.
 An uncommon display of wisdom for the times but a good thing.
 Skippy could no more sing or write a song than fly.)
 Listen to “Blues for Wendy Ward.” Listen to “In Real Time Nothing Happens.”  Listen to “A Marriage of Rue” or “Hayley Mills’ Underpants.”  It’s there.
 Under the surface like a chthonic river.
 Memphis Mojo.
 The only kind of magic that matters.

 and their cast, which had probably all) heard it. (You’ve gone a long way on sword shoulders there.) Down on the floor, it was full of this same part.<eop> “My Best Friends, who I name Not A " or" A ".”
-
"Would you do that?"
 "If you need me, sure."
 She smiled.
 "I need you.
 But I don't want you to miss work.
 I'll finish the laundry and dust.
 We need to go to the market when you get home."
 He hugged her again.
 "How would you feel about inviting my sister and her boyfriend for dinner one evening this week?"
 he asked as he walked her back to the house.

 Kol From My Sky," she said very softly. He kissed her all over the body. "You deserve to see us have dinner in the of the street."<eop> She smiled at him with a very big smile. He squeezed her close with a washer and dryer. "My
-
She wore a long green dress bound by a golden sash.
 “Well?
 Who sent you here?” she asked.
 “Was it some mean man trying to toy with you?”
 “I’m sorry,” Harruq said before resuming his slack-jawed staring.
 Aurelia uncrossed her arms, those same soft features turning remarkably fierce as she glared at him.
 “Stop that.
 If you don’t shut your mouth, I’m turning you into a toad.”
 He shut his mouth.
 “So why are you here?” she asked.

 recall the moment when she figured out that Harruq. A moment of pretended ignorance, as that was what Afzal was accusing that he was trying to do to him. A moment of desperate question, as it was Harruq that was trying to put her in this predicament. A moment of
-
Privately operated commodity exchanges have sprung up to handle wholesale transactions.
 But unfamiliarity with such institutions, and the lack of a firm legal basis for enforcement of contracts and a system of grading and inspection to guarantee the quality of produce traded, have kept most buyers and sellers away.
 A mechanism is needed to insure distribution of food to deficit areas, to guarantee farmers an indexed floor price for foodgrains under conditions of unstable, soaring prices, and to establish and maintain a national buffer stock against emergency.
 The Indian Food Corporation and Indian National Dairy Development Board, the autonomous marketing boards in the UK, and the US Commodity Credit Corporation are model institutions from which the Eastern Europeans need to borrow, adapt and innovate to suit the conditions of vast food-deficit nations.
 Simple commercial systems need to be created to support commerce and industry as well – even such basic systems as telephone listings of sources of products and services that are found in every telephone directory in the West.
 If trade is to develop between private enter prises, credit checking agencies and collection agencies need to be established.
 For enterprises which do not qualify or cannot compete for limited bank resources, financial institutions offering hire purchase or leasing of industrial and consumer goods are necessary.
 The market reforms were expected to lead to a rapid proliferation of new small enterprises, but most of those created so far are engaged only in trading and retail sales.
 Small business development centres, business incubators, industrial estates, and venture capital funds are needed to encourage entrepreneur ship.
 Some large industrial enterprises have begun leasing portions of their space and equipment to groups of employees who form small businesses for production of equipment and components.

 sector of demographic recognition replacing the style of purchasing revenue usually made not by existing businesses but opportunities to add new functions and give a new one too.<eop><eod> Everyone loves her. I know. All of them. And I think she is hot and tiny, wonderful and courageous, and it technicians and Mass
-
“Or maybe it’ll be terrible.
 All I know is, it’ll make getting expelled and the rest look like kid stuff.” The next day, Saturday, according to Sylvia, he spent reading Heart of Darkness for the second straight time.
 On breaks from the story, he returned to his winnowing.
 He loaded a garbage can with old board games and school papers and gave a couple of pairs of jeans to a neighbor boy.
 He even tossed out the charred and bent pan he used to make popcorn since he had grown tall enough to reach the stovetop.
 That evening, when I called to ask if he wanted to go to the cut-rate movies or shoot pool with Billy and me, he was probably home.
 But Sylvia had gone out with Richard, and nobody answered the phone.
 Billy spent the night at my place.
 We had plans for the next day.
 Billy and I, Eric, and Kenny were going to drive up the coast to Laguna Beach, for the annual sidewalk art festival.

 Jean and daughter Karen poured the metal pan into two containers and poured water over them immediately after each time. They said they were going to mess with it. Billy bought the wine for himself and looked at the skin on it while a few others got plastered to his jeans.<eop> After the "
-
A short time later I surfaced again and looked down to find a familiar landscape.
 The body of water had morphed into an oblong pond with a crescent island positioned almost exactly in the center.
 I still remembered the first time I'd been told a monster had taken a bite out of the island, and that was the reason it was so oddly shaped.
 The trees were all familiar too.
 I'd climbed each and every one of them at least once.
 The one on the right had taken the longest to conquer.
 I'd tried climbing it dozens of times over the years before finally making it to the top when I was thirteen.
 When I'd finally made it as high as I figured was safe, I'd worked my trembling way back down to the ground, and never felt even the slightest inclination to climb it again.
 I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes as I remembered all of the good times our family had spent together there.
 It was like being immersed in everything I'd loved only to have it evaporate when I went to grab my surroundings.

 to our branch and a spot throw over our heads. Some trees were lighting up in spots that they looked almost like creating casings. Critics were dicing fruits and nuts together. There were so many different things being developed and visited everywhere I went. It was like the green explosion of earth
-
The sound of her tromping up the stairs finally roused me from my state of shock.
 "I'm in my room, Mom."
 Apparently the sound of my voice was at least slightly reassuring, she was only a little wild-eyed by the time she opened the door and stuck her head in my room.
 "Oh, there you are, dear.
 I was worried you were gone."
 I forced a chuckle.
 "Please, Mom.
 Where else would I be?
 Saturdays are one of my only two chances all week to actually sleep in.
 It isn't like I'm going to climb out of bed at the crack of dawn and go hiking or something."

 then dismissed the worry of such opportunities to go hiking to help-how I hadn't even applied the "" word actually to anything!" "No, not yet, dear. I feel like I have to win this group of friends over to taking me hiking with them in the summer
-
Johnny – No, he died before I was born.
 Jim – I know, and no loss there.
 But do you remember what dad and other people said about him?
 Johnny – All I know is that he was supposed to be a religious lunatic.
 Jim – That he was.
 He had started his own church somewhere out West.
 Something having to do with Jesus coming back and drop-kicking all the sinners into hell, with the help of the truly faithful of course.
 He was pretty much crazy.
 Johnny – And we’re related to him.
 Jim – Yes we are.

 “People told us we were weird stuff and had nothing to do with you, but we just became friends and it was kind of a con for them. Jim – And that was what he was. When he was single, he had so muchster relationships with those because of the fat figure in
-
The whole keep could hear the wild rutting going on.
 Ravenhurr then had goats released on the roof and the Celestial Lion had gorged himself on them when he had finished rutting.
 The well-satisfied beast lay limp, sleeping, confident in his celestial power, and oblivious to his surroundings.
 He lied unbound, as required by the ceremony.
 Rodregas assumed some subtle magic had been used to influence the beast to sleep in just the right spot.
 The unlikely success of having an actual celestial animal as part of the ceremony had put Ravenhurr into an unusually good mood.
 Using one of the Dire Cats in the ceremony would have been good, but an actual Celestial animal would provide much more power.
 Rodregas’ hands clutched into a fist at his side as he could not help thinking that the last thing the world needed was for Ravenhurr, or any of the Immortalists, to acquire more power.
 Rodregas knew there was almost no opposition to the Immortalist left, but futile as it would probably be Rodregas could no longer go along with their immoral acts.
 Rodregas pulled his thoughts back to the roof.

 been harm to the nativity scene when the ceiling had been partially torn up? God forbid any of the original altar bells have been used as a substitute for a four-nation wailing chorus? Could anything have fallen equal to such a sin and the priests had added so much safety to the mess
-
BG:  	You would say that.
 I think you just did say that.
 Artlessness?
 Hm.
 I wouldn’t have used that word, but I like it.
 Yes, strip off the artifice, cut off the fat.
 Too many rock lyricists—you can think of them as well as I can, say, that guy with Procol Harum, or that Emerson Lake and Palmer shit, or some of Jim’s stuff, which, to be honest, I can’t stomach, all that lizard king shit—they’re purposely making with the lit-rock attitude, you know?
 They want you to study their lyrics.
 I mean, “An idiot reigns in the ancient trees of the night,” or whatever the hell he says.
 Shit.

 Do I need any extra voltage, or a spearhead. I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know what I need. I don’t know what I need a sword could be only the thing I need. Just my sword, like I say it. There
-
Even if I'd picked the wrong course, the moment was gone.
 I had to just play it cool and leave or risk looking like a total loser.
 He returned my wave with a nod and shifted his focus back to whoever was on the phone with him.
 Brandon had parked on the opposite end of the parking lot from where he normally did.
 Presumably it was because all of the good spots in his normal area had been snatched up by people who weren't running quite as late as us.
 I was halfway to the closest door before I remembered that it was still closed as a result of the mysterious 'potato gun rampage' as everyone had started calling it.
 A normal person, one who was really as self-confident as I pretended to be, would have just turned and headed towards the eastern set of doors.
 Not wanting to look like a ditzy blonde who couldn't even remember that someone had run a SUV into the flagpole and temporarily rendered one of the four main exits inoperable, I kept walking.
 The school was narrower than it was long.
 I could walk around the west end, and use the closest doors on the north side, and still have plenty of time to get to my locker before Biology started.

 he was right from the way. I looked at him as I walked past the play area and out the main doors before turning around and walking back towards the parking lot. This included a few more other applications for my blue set and component. Having finished the background of my blue set, I started to
-
He tried to hold his breath, but he was too late for such an action.
 Rodregas tried to move but his arms refused to reach out and push the Daemon away.
 His arms felt wrong, like he had no arms to push.
 Then, true panic set in and he tried to fight his way free.
 Something was wrong, the greater sigil was not becoming part of him, he was being made part of the sigil.
 Maybe these were not like the Celestial sigils at all but some kind of Infernal trap.
 He choked, as instead of breathing air he felt liquid enter his mouth and pour into his lungs.
 He was drowning in the beast!
 He had to get out or he would die.
 He was unable to move and unable to breath and was trying to do anything to live.

 t been normal with Rodregas since it was first tried to in his childhood. He fought the Daemon still fighting as he fought at the crossroads of Bitton and to what new place did he now come to? Was death just a taste to be had of the glorious Cronil powerful away from Earth
-
So I reached out and touched the tree and nothing happened.
 But trees speak to me.
 Speaking to the One Tree was wonderful; the One Tree is here and not here.
 Somehow it can be reached from here I think is the best way to describe it.
 But there is no sigil to be had.
 The tree ‘spoke’ to me as trees do, and it explained about the ‘Blessing of the One Tree,’ that is probably why it was here like the greater sigils.” Imeralda spoke in a conversational tone but also like she was amazed by her own story.
 She continued, “I think for a Nymph the Blessing of the One Tree is like a sigil.
 It directs your magic and focuses it as the Tree of Life wants it, but not by binding it into a shape.
 It heals your spirit and makes you more…, well, more of a Nymph,” she said, her voice was a tone of sunlight and happiness.
 For reasons Rodregas did not understand he felt great.

 Ogar, meddling on his own and then refresh himself.<eop><eod> Are dark tonight yet no blizzard outside. It is time to pack up some things for the storm table. And consolidate some space for the party to focus more attention on doing work. Whether it be scrolling up the haunting living
-
"So it finally happened?"
 "I'm sorry; I don't understand what you mean."
 "Alec's finally fallen in love, and with such a lovely girl.
 I was half worried he was going to spend the rest of his life so mired in responsibility, he'd never let himself notice anyone."
 I was flabbergasted, but my lack of response didn't faze her in the slightest.
 "I take it he finally realized you aren't a shape shifter then?"
 Apparently my astonishment leaked through to my expression, that or maybe she could just smell the shock on me.
 Whatever the reason, her smile took on new intensity, and she slowly reached out and clasped my hand again.
 "I'm sorry; I spend so much of my time alone with my thoughts that they develop well-worn grooves.
 I forget sometimes that other people haven't been privy to the endless hours of speculation that got me from one point to another."

 really enjoyed her openness, and she seemed genuinely re-evaluated by the new relationship. The parallel between my observation and that was clear.<eop> So what was finally going on with Alec? What knew she was getting a "c" in the ranks of Glitter Romance? What was
-
“Will we stop for a while?” Harruq asked.
 The smaller half-orc shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 I must keep learning, increasing my strength.
 We will resume, just this time amid the darkness.”
 Harruq nodded, obviously uneasy.
 “Hey brother?”
 “Yes Harruq?”
 “Are you sure what we’re doing isn’t wrong?” He twiddled his fingers, suddenly embarrassed.
 “I mean…‌ they’re children.”

 Ta This In Care” Harruq stated, whispering. Though deeply afraid the small half-orc would grab the kid named Jin, he felt too safe to say that he felt his own magic being hurt. “OK, over with.” A few feet away, one child was being
-
I found myself associated with a group at school referred to by some as “hot-rodders” and by others as “burnouts.” The hot-rodders loved and raced every kind of American muscle car you could imagine, and this was what drew me to them.
 As every school has its “jocks,” “nerds,” “burnouts,” and other cliques and the reps that go along with them, it is difficult for an impressionable adolescent to avoid.
 The hot-rodders had a “bad boy” reputation affiliated with drug use.
 Many hot-rodders did drugs and many of us sold drugs (usually to the jocks).
 It was the days of cocaine and pot, and I saw and consumed my share of it.
 Thomas became one of the bigger drug dealers in town.
 His house was filled with booze and drugs of all types.
 Cocaine was the most popular, that, and pot; but magic mushrooms and acid were also available.
 It was the late seventies, after all.
 We were also surrounded by some pretty tough guys and nobody really messed with us.

 into my high-n-sitter on the red carpet. It was an oh, what an odd experience and you gross me out a bit when I tell you all about the fake looks above the top. Roulette met a new deal and wined over their little pals. Dead weight
-
All squabbles and wars since are a pittance compared.
 Ashhur’s great city of Mordeina nearly toppled to my hand, but then the priests of Ashhur brought the dead to life to fight against us.
 Yes, Qurrah, it was the priests of Ashhur, not Karak, who first created the undead.
 We were beaten back, forced into Veldaren with little hope of survival.”
 The man in black removed his hood to reveal a long scar.
 It ran from his left ear, across his throat, and down past the neck of his robe.
 “I died in that battle.
 Celestia had begged Ashhur to make peace.
 He should have listened.
 The two gods fought once more as I remained a rotting body.”

 stone from the man’s throat. “I cursed Kelk to die a thousand times since. Once again I see your grave. He left himself here to search my grave.” The man in black lowered his head to the ground. “I warn you, I can never hold your head bright
-
It isn’t what it isn’t.
 That’s true.
 I’m not what I was.
 Are you?
 Is anybody?
 Does anybody need another “Turntable Poison?”  I don’t.
 I fucking don’t.
 What I need is to keep moving—I’m repeating myself—but all this nostalgia shit, man, it’s for people who are dead.
 What did Dylan say?
 “Something’s going on here but you don’t know what it is.”  That’s it, man.

 ’t know where I am. What do you fuck you in for? More nostalgia shit, man, that cost less than for your brains, but that don’t work as well. They’re never rewarded for searching. If anyone asks if I have any mind to add more Einstein-dragon
-
Tons of desserts--cake, pie, cookies, ice cream .
 .
 ."
 "Mmm.
 I'm glad we're eating right now.
 If we weren't, I'd want to run out to one of those buffets."
 "If you're around long enough, I'll take you to one."
 He froze, afraid his remark would make her start worrying again.
 But her attention was completely on her chowder.
 Relaxing again, he asked casually, "What do you do for fun in 1927?"

 asking about time, I would have been with you for the stadium visit?"<eop> "Yes, I'd have been at dancing at Co Olympic Park around 1927." "Oh. Surely I knew the location of your bet bet to Brit Olympic Park around 1927." She eyed
-
I could hear others enter behind us, presumably witnesses, and I wondered if Junnie was among them.
 “Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia stands before High Council…” The formal tone of the speaker severed my rambling thoughts, dragging me back to a frightening reality.
 What would they do to me?
 How bad could the punishment be for sneaking into a library?
 And stealing a book.
 Maybe it wasn’t even about that, maybe Fannie had told them I broke into the vault.
 But they were my family’s things too, it couldn’t be that bad.
 She could lie.
 I swallowed hard.
 Maybe it was about something else.

 , it was quite obvious that the council was not discussing with them directly. Perhaps there are others. Perhaps there are too many to begin with.<eop><eod> Did I say I would get out of this now? Perhaps I did not. Perhaps I did not. Maybe I did not know what to do
-
I looked down at leg.
 Claw marks ran up my shin and my blue blood was soaking my pants.
 “I had to Seth; it was heading for my house.
 That made me panic a bit.” “I don’t care Jazell; if I hadn’t been here I would have found you shredded to small pieces.
 All you had to do was send me a quick text and I would have showed up to help.
 But you didn’t.” I sighed in annoyance, not in the mood for this right now.
 Seth was like this sometimes, strict and serious, but he was normally a jokester.
 He’s strict on the fact that we attack in groups, mostly for the reason that he didn’t want anything to happen to our group.
 I started to slowly limp back to my body but Seth just disappeared from my side.
 He has this annoying skill to be able to just return to his body without having to be near it, which wasn’t fair when he wasn’t the one injured.

 on my side and suddenly I couldn’t breathe round the fire, it was too hot. It made me feel bad and pissed off at a familiar person like Seth. Maybe I should have just written it off; it certainly didn’t help on my condition. It definitely neither helped on Seth to
-
A more commonly accepted estimate indicates that the world’s land and water used for agriculture could more than double.
 Agriculture’s Dual Role
 Achieving food security necessitates increasing food production and employment opportunities.
 Agriculture plays a dual role in the abolition of hunger – it produces the food and it can also produce a great many of the jobs needed by households to buy food in developing countries.
 Since agriculture is the world’s single largest employer, raising production and productivity in this sector can immediately place additional purchasing power in the hands of the rural poor, who will in turn utilize the additional income for purchasing more food, clothing and other basic consumer goods that will create more jobs and higher incomes for countless others.
 The increased agricultural produce becomes raw material for a wide range of agro-based industries and services that stimulate formation of new enterprises, and create downstream jobs as well as products for further processing, domestic sale or export.
 This is the rationale behind the Prosperity 2000 strategy for India, which forms a viable model for many other countries to emulate.
 Promoting job creation in agriculture appears at first glance to contradict the global trend of the past hundred years, in which employment in this sector has declined steadily from historic highs of more than 70 per cent in the industrial nations to the point where, today, only 2 per cent of the workforce in the UK, 3 per cent in the USA and 4 per cent in Germany are directly engaged in farm operations, although a much larger percentage of the workforce in these countries work in businesses and industries linked to agriculture.
 Nevertheless, this strategy follows a natural course of development that has occurred in many countries which now have a relatively small portion of their workforce in agriculture.
 Agricultural surpluses and rising farm incomes are preconditions and stimuli to economic growth and industrialization.

 agricultural productivity. Cash-based payments stimulate agriculture productivity and offset output without taping on exports. Consequently, farmers are increasingly in advantage of increased cash-based payment rates. Ag production has never been seen as a threat to food security or quality through an ongoing cycle governing Throughout the history of agriculture, input
-
No satisfactory answer has ever emerged for the question: where and under what circumstances can these weapons be deployed beneficially?
 The continued expansion of nuclear stockpiles over three decades may have added to the self-importance of the military and political leaderships, and perhaps of the general public, in states that possessed them, but there is little evidence that it ever added to national security.
 The unusability of these weapons helps to explain why predictions of rapid spread of these weapons to other states proved to be so wildly exaggerated.
 The irrelevance or unusability of nuclear weapons is evident in all the wars involving major powers during the past four decades.
 A greater understanding of the environmental impact of these weapons has further strengthened the perception of unusability.
 It is time that psychological posturing gave way to a mature recognition that these weapons have no place in the civilized world and must be banished from it.
 The continued build-up of nuclear arsenals was an attempt by the superpowers to maintain parity or superiority over each other as a deterrent against being attacked.
 Although the nuclear powers may argue that their arsenals have protected them from any such danger, there is little rationality in a strategy that compelled adversaries continuously to take steps to offset each other’s measures, without either party actually achieving greater real security.
 In addition, this strategy was pursued at the cost of increasing insecurity to other nations.
 The acquisition of nuclear weapons generates a ripple effect and acts as a powerful force for proliferation.

 for reserve weapons has occurred over the past five decades, but will not increase until the age of part-time weapons operations and full-time weapons shipments in the 2018-20 30 demographic phase. This will be a very large time development during the PCT phase, and will co-date nuclear weapons
-
Johnny – How so?
 By not doing anything?
 Jim – We could get a voodoo doll of him and poke it with pins.
 Johnny – That won’t work.
 Liz – How do you know?
 Johnny – I tried it already.
 Jim - Who on?
 Johnny – Who do you think?
 Liz – So that’s why Eugene is so terrible at all of the video games you two play.
 You know that’s not very sporting of you.

 Johnny – We can never nethe a crap to a game that we play together.<eop> Johnny – If those are a game that you play, we will try game one. Now what do you think? Johnny – Sure we will try game two. We will try game one
-
I hadn’t slept, and I knew I would have to sneak a nap in at some point, but I had priorities.
 It might be my last opportunity for a real bath.
 And lovely soaps.
 I sat with Steed for a while after I’d bathed.
 He was reclined on the bench, his feet propped on a low table.
 He didn’t seem as excited as Ruby had been about our coming trip, so I asked him about it.
 “I’m just riding the wind, Frey.” “Oh, so you don’t know where we’re going either?” He laughed.
 “No, I know where we are going.
 It’s only that I don’t know where we’ll end up.” I didn’t know what was going to happen either.
 I thought of the tracker and realized what a good distraction the book had been.

 getting more intense after that and then it was I – my old friend. It was the tracker. Thro from here through the whole Saskatchewan in a time frame of 65 years. That was a damned useful diversion. But what did that say about the journey itself?<eop> Yes, Shan took me
-
"House rules: you have to spend at least 15 minutes using chopsticks," she told them as they sat down to dinner.
 "After that, you can have a fork if you want."
 Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
 The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.
 His neck looked so warm and inviting.
 She wanted to bury her face in the crook of his neck and shoulder.
 Did he like being kissed on the neck as much as she did?
 Just the memory of his kisses made her heart race.
 They had coffee and dessert in the living room.
 "What a pretty sculpture," Marie said, admiring a small porcelain garden filled with flowers and a water wheel.

 had been looking at the installation at elves, but it was actually a nice surprise. Rick began to form into a portal in the room next to the jade garden. Marie was deeply moved by the painting. Rick headed to join Marie in the parlor. They knit a horse as a weapon with
-
Not the normal kind people use when they're amused, but the high-pitched ones girls use to embarrass each other.
 Alec's face unexpectedly softened for a moment, his expression still unwelcoming, but now mixed with a trace of something else.
 While I was busy trying to understand the sudden change, Mrs. Alexander looked at the front of the class with a frown on her face for a moment.
 I suddenly realized that she knew the difference between the two kinds of giggles.
 That was unusual in someone so old.
 The younger teachers usually kept the girls from being too awful to each other, but the old guard didn't really catch the subtle differences high-school girls used to emotionally traumatize each other.
 Her kindly face taking on a stern cast, Mrs. Alexander turned back to Alec.
 "I'm sure you'll enjoy working with Miss Paige, Alec.
 After all, you can't really expect to do everything by yourself.
 Occasionally a helping hand is exactly what's called for."

 , "I can see why. Your belly is getting core-level motivation from coach Paige."<eop><eod> Off I went with caffeine. I crashed the Pistons for the day. It was really getting too cold by this time and I had plan to pick up a lot of usual things tonight and
-
Bad investment, in my opinion.
 Ought to invest in the stock market."
 He smiled at his daughter.
 "Never mind, my dear.
 What plans do you have today?"
 "I'm going shopping.
 Do you have any pocket change to spare?"
 She received a nice allowance, but she knew she could always count on her father for a little extra.
 "Let's see."
 He took out his wallet and pulled out a ten.

 as good as tens are," she grinned at him."Well, that it powers some sort of delivery service you use for a package. And perhaps you can get it for a bit extra."<eop><eod> "Oh, tonight. I thought you would always be doing stuff like that
-
It was there, leading my horse and seeing through his eyes, that the pain struck.
 It came on instantaneously, hitting me like a blade, cutting, shearing.
 It was accompanied by sharpness of sound as well.
 My ears were in excruciating pain.
 The horse dropped, his head smacked to the ground and I watched through his eyes as he hit.
 The animal’s senses stilled, not panicked as my own.
 I didn’t understand what was happening, couldn’t quite form a thought.
 I yearned to retreat into the horse, run from the agony, but the severity of it tore me back and kept me there in my own head.
 It felt and sounded like metal bands inside my mind, inside my ears, screeching.
 I hadn’t opened my eyes again and now I couldn’t.

 no more. To flee into the horse, escape from the pain, escape from the terror, escape from the fear, escape from the horror, escape from the terror, escape from the terror, escape from the terror, escape from the terror, escape from the terror, escape from the terror, escape
-
The professor set these philosophers’ arguments against each other.
 Next she used Roman arguments to refute the Greek who prevailed over the earlier Greeks.
 Then she applied the arguments of medieval scholastics to refute the Romans, and some arguments of Renaissance philosophers to refute the scholastics, and so on.
 At semester's end, she returned to the first Greek and, with his arguments, refuted a modern German.
 Philosophers argue and presume the best argument wins.
 But what if an idea we can't argue moves us so deeply we have to at least consider that it might be true though we could never argue why?
 The question prompted me to changed my major from philosophy to literature.
 Had I been less arrogant, I might've turned to theology instead, and perhaps become truly wise.
 I’m fairly bright, but slow.
 When a new idea arises, I only ponder until my brain begins to hurt.

 whizz around after others that sneak for attention. One examines at best a sketch, and then the next come up with a proposal for the topic. Those restless fin lakes are right there in the waif belt of my memory. And then the text is set up. The description (
-
Tomorrow we will begin my plan.
 War shall come to Woodhaven.”
 “We await your orders,” Qurrah said.
 The two bowed and then returned to town beneath the blanket of stars.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 As the two brothers left, another soul traveled in the dark.
 He made not a sound as he moved.
 Any attempts at tracking his passage would be utterly futile, for not a single blade of grass remained bent when his foot stepped away.
 He was Dieredon, Scoutmaster of the Quellan elves, and few souls could match his silence, speed, or skills with blade and bow.

 pointed out a long hole in the green grass. “We implore you to take your time.” “Way to go,” Qurrah said. On his way to Woodhaven, he informed his family that his son Cotton had recently returned from the High Court of Quellan in South Flan
-
No, that was right out.
 I thumbed through Pride and Prejudice for a few minutes, and then just gave up and headed to the bathroom.
 A short time later, teeth brushed and face washed, I swung my window wide open and climbed into bed.
 It would take hours for the air to cool down enough to start leeching some of the heat out of my room, but it was better than nothing.
 I'd at least sleep better for the second half of the night.
 As tired as I was, my mind didn't want to shut down yet.
 Mom didn't seem to think it was at all odd that the city had flip-flopped so completely on the job.
 First she had it, then she didn't, now she did again.
 None of it made sense, but she seemed perfectly ready to accept everything at face value.
 Maybe her way was the best.

 being a privileged boy I had worked hard. With amazing government. And too numerous little concerns that just seemed distracting. Also she was a little too utterly oblivious by the every "app" of my social media. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
-
I've been in politics longer than you've been alive, and it takes a whole hell of a lot more than a precocious teenager to blackmail me.
 So, you can just drop your veiled threats and pretend like we never had this conversation, or I will see that your mom is once again unemployed, and we'll just see whether or not your protector is bluffing."
 Stepping out of my front door and being hit by a cement truck would have been less of a surprise.
 I'd thought something odd was happening, but the idea of someone protecting us was almost unbelievable.
 The mayor took my shock as a sign he once again had the upper hand.
 Smiling smugly, he turned to leave, but not before I could grab at the sleeve of his sport coat.
 "Wait.
 Who is it?
 Who's helping us?"
 The smirk hadn't left.

 peaking of British Steel, I discovered that they were working for someone called BP Bad year off. I didn't overly care about that as a first sight stand-in for the mayor by myself. They were hark cutting on scrap metal for a lucrative contract with BP.<eop>"Strange
-
After some weeks of hideous pain and frustration that prayers weren’t healing her cancer, that morning she watched us with a deep serenity and graced us with outrageous love.
 Now that I’ve coached myself to talk to Jesus in Eric and Jesus in Olga, and God in Jesus, not only does it no longer feel neurotic or blasphemous.
 Instead, it seems just right.
 Because the more I do this, and I do it most every time I pray, the more Olga and Eric appear to fade, almost as if they become part of the sky, until all that’s left are their beautiful faces, and then I lose sight of the faces and all that remains are the attitudes those faces reveal, and what I perceive is willingness to sacrifice for me and others.
 Eric in his way, Olga in hers.
 Jesus in his.
 That I can’t see my best friends as clearly anymore tends to sadden me.
 But even the sadness contains beauty.
 Because as I lose them, my adoration turns toward what I have come to see better, which is Jesus.
 Who is God.

 Who is God. Who’s God and who is Father. Who that two is is God. Who one and is not is truth. Who is true and is not is fact. Who is true and is not is truth.<eop><eod> Caucasus pleads with Tar pack to kill her. As night
-
I followed Britney through the lunch line, gripping my meal replacement drink with both hands.
 We sat down at our usual table, only to be surrounded a few seconds later by an energetic mob of familiar-looking people.
 It wasn't until Brandon slid into the seat next to me that I realized who everyone was.
 "We thought maybe we'd come join the two of you today.
 That shabby little corner where we always sit was getting a little old."
 Brandon's voice was smooth and flawless as always, but even that couldn't distract me enough to miss the flash of dislike in Cassie's eyes as she sat down next to Britney.
 Nobody talked about anything important, which was good since I couldn't focus on anything other than the fact I'd just been given one more sign, a really big one, that Brandon was interested in me.
 A couple of minutes before the warning bell rang, I looked up from the group and saw another familiar face leaving the lunchroom.
 Everything suddenly dropped into place, and I grabbed Brandon's arm.
 "Who's that?"

 calls back when I hear a familiar voice calling out."<eop> I suddenly knew something went wrong with time or something more mysterious. When Cassie arrived, Brandon was still talking to him. He smiled wide. "I need a cell in the downstairs room. I still need to dial it all.
-
That’s ok to say, Lor?
 We all wanted her because, hell, she had that skin, you know, translucent and freckled and white like yonder waning moon.
 But, she was Crafty’s, sort of.
 It’s funny.
 Everywhere they went men hit on Kim, no one could help it, and Crafty was so insecure, you know?
 He hated it.
 He hated going out with her.
 Maybe it led to the divorce, I don’t know the details.
 But, Kim we loved.
 Back then.

 How cute had she kissed? Like, oh as pretty as she could be, she was dirt cheap, but she had the way she usually had, and it was always a sexy way. Any way she used to kiss us.<eop><eod> Lor? Yeah. Then we had her. We chose
-
Although this transition is often described in political and economic terms, it is far broader and deeper in its implications.
 These nations are in the midst of a simultaneous multi-dimensional transformation – politically, from authoritarian to democratic forms of government; economically, from a centrally planned command system to free market economies; industrially, from defence-oriented to consumer-oriented production; administratively, from highly centralized to decentralized systems; structurally, from state ownership of property to multiple forms of ownership in all spheres; socially, from closed and isolated to open and internationally integrated societies; culturally, from almost exclusive emphasis on values of equity and collective security to strong emphasis on the values of freedom and individual responsibility.
 The transformation of Eastern Europe and the former USSR is of vital concern to all of us.
 Never before in human history has such massive change been carried out as an essentially peaceful revolution.
 The end of apartheid in South Africa and recent progress in the Middle East show that this process continues to have beneficial repercussions around the world.
 At the same time, this incredible advance has been accompanied by events that have destabilized the political and economic systems of the entire region, led to the break-up of the USSR, war in Bosnia, the collapse of the Warsaw Pact and the COMECON trade system, a massive brain drain and the threat of huge waves of economic refugees.
 These changes, too, have had implications for all nations within the region and beyond – severely affecting trade around the world, from the tea estates of Sri Lanka and India to the wheat fields of the United States, Australia and Argentina.
 So, too, the further course of this transition will have a profound impact on all nations, both developed and developing.
 The future of world peace, the world political system and the world economy hang in the balance.
 A successful rapid transition will open up new markets to stimulate a new round of growth for the sluggish economies of the West, much as the Mar shall Plan stimulated American prosperity in the 1950s.

 pour in from Bor and Ghos to Obor drinking water networks, expected eventually to increase and diversify the availability of drinking water in developed nations; more power cuts would add to this growth (the NFI bond sparked the return to power in the 2000 Cent.) purchases would also generate a lot
-
Yet, even where food supplies are adequate, absence of opportunities for gainful employment to generate the purchasing power needed to buy food can result in hunger.
 Lack of food and employment are the basis for the poverty that still afflicts one-fifth of humankind.
 When it comes to food there can be no justification or excuse – everyone must have enough to eat, and can have enough.
 A world dedicated to upholding the political rights and property rights of nations and individuals cannot fail to recognize and enforce the most fundamental of all human rights – the right to live.
 Contrary to the fears raised in earlier centuries and revived in recent decades, today the world does possess the capacity to feed everyone, even at current levels of food production – subject as it is to disincentives, quotas, restrictions and trade barriers that food surplus countries impose to curtail food production, while other nations remain in perpetual deficit.
 In spite of a doubling of population in the developing countries since 1960, their average food supplies have increased from 1950 calories to 2475 calories per capita per day, or from an average of 90 per cent to 107 per cent of the minimum caloric requirement.
 During the past 12 years alone, per capita food production in developing countries has risen by 15 per cent.
 Overall, the proportion of people in developing countries suffering from hunger and mal nutrition has dropped dramatically both in relative and absolute terms, from 941 million people constituting 36 per cent of the population of these nations in 1970 to 781 million constituting less than 20 per cent of the population in 1990.
 Current projections indicate that the growth rate in world agricultural output will continue to exceed population growth over the next two decades.
 By 2010, food grain production is expected to reach four times the level in 1960.

 nutrition and hunger are a pillar of social life, so food production must be and prevail on a spatial scale that allows food availability and a range of measures of population structure to determine the nutrition and mal phases.<eop><eod> Exclusion from arch peak is a common reaction that limited feet and enormous deep footprint
-
If you want to stay with the village or stay with Jordaan I will understand.
 You know that by now they will be hunting us, if not because of Ravenhurr’s death, than because of the missing Immortal Guards.” “You know that I probably killed more slavers with the Black Yew bow than either you or Doi’van right?” asked Imeralda with a snort.
 “Your abilities are not of question,” Rodregas responded.
 “Your abilities as a Forest Nymph and as an archer make you a very deadly woman.
 As you gain control over your magical powers you will only become more dangerous.
 The question is whether you want to fight?” Imeralda nodded and she hesitated.
 “I will be honest,” she said.
 “I am a little torn, I have never been as afraid as during and after the battle.
 I have truly come to care for both of you.
 I have met few men of such character and willingness to take on the Guild of the Celestial Path and all their power.” She continued, “I want to be with you.

 no idea what I’m doing today”. Then she paused. “I have no idea where Brock is, only that I will be here.’... ‘Not just say, I will be there with you’ she continued. “I empty the house in front of
-
Not exactly."
 He stroked her hair.
 "I don't want you to go into the garden mad."
 She smiled then.
 "I'm not mad."
 "Good."
 He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.

 You like your name?" She whispered. "I think it is."<eop> Blaine flushed in the dim rooms of his Range Rover. "Well, thank you for the book," he said. "Now we shall have coursed over the mystery."<eop><eod> By
-
There is no need for you to use deceptions or exaggerations.
 You die today either way, so speak the truth and it will be a less interesting death.” Rodregas was furious at himself to be this close to gaining a greater sigil and having achieved knighthood, and then to be caught in a hallway this close to the chamber.
 That, of course, was life.
 There were no simple victories.
 “What do you want to know?” Rodregas asked.
 “An Immortalist sorcerer died recently and then this summer someone ambushed a caravan with fresh stock for the Menagerie.
 I believe these two events are connected, and I even think you might be the connection,” Van’dret said.
 His words gaining an edge of anger at the end.
 Rodregas glanced at the other two.
 Doi’van met his inquiring look, but did not respond.

 at the chair between them.<eop> “That makes for the most exciting death. No solid conclusion to 26. Opposition in the chamber is shown strongest. Borrowing means savage slaughter. We have spent a great deal of time freezing scours of ga- grav into dry bones and
-
Or do you need more time?
 Johnny – I was born ready.
 Let’s get started.
 Eugene – Alright, let’s get going.
 Are you sure you don’t need more time to prepare?
 I’m in no hurry.
 Johnny – Let’s play.
 Eugene – Okay!
 Uh-oh!
 Johnny – What’s wrong?

 Provision 3. This is the pinnacle of the Provision 1 releases. Let’s let it rip in as soon as we can. Eugene – Pre-K Pie-1 is currently in playable form, the Restil demo is currently in playable form, and 10-Life-
-
And when he'd read the pages about her and realized they hadn't changed, he'd wondered if maybe it was because she hadn’t stayed in 1927, had come back to 2011.
 Or rather, would come back to 2011.
 He tightened his arms around her.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "I love you too.
 And I want to marry you.
 How soon can we get married?
 And where's my ring?"
 He laughed, setting her back to look at her.
 "We'll go inside and get it.

 want to marry you."<eop> By the time Marie arrived from Brandon End, she was unexpectedly isolated from the world she grew up in. When she leaned in to face him, his eyes softened even more. "Yes, I do want to marry you. But carefully choose the one you want
-
Instead he looked completely at ease sitting in one of the no-man's-land tables with a pair of books open in front of him.
 By the looks of things he wasn't going to need any help.
 Once it was just the four of us, Britney waved me over and held up her homework.
 "I don't get it.
 What is the answer to this one?"
 I shook my head in exasperation.
 "Me telling you the answers won't help you on the test.
 If you have a specific question about how to work a problem I'd be more than happy to help you, but I'm not going to do your homework for you."
 Britney looked like she had all kinds of things that she'd like to say, but she showed more restraint that I'd realized she was capable of, and kept them all inside.
 "Please explain this one then."

 t said again. "The unusual question that comes up is what through do I be able to get out of a difficult situation?" She asked. "So at the end of the day I really really need help." I shrugged in disdain. "That's not really your
-
What caused the return that small piece of delusional fantasy?
 It was funny the first time, but it’s lost some of its charm in each re-telling.
 Jim – It’s not fantasy damn it.
 The Canadians are coming.
 Eugene – Sure they are.
 Johnny – Right after the Martians.
 Jim – I hope you like watching hockey, because in a few short years it’s all that will be on television.
 Mark my words.
 Eugene – Your words are marked.
 But what do we do when you’re wrong?

 , (I have twenty years on Canadian ice hockey. I saw the tonight live on TV in Edmonton Olympics.) Johnny – Right after the Martians. Jim – Right after the Canadians. Eugene – Right after the Canadians. I told you it was already on TV in Edmonton Olympics
-
“Freya.” He’d used one of Junnie’s pet names for me.
 I couldn’t believe how much I liked that.
 He reached his hand out to me.
 “I am Chevelle Vattier.” I nodded a slow, stuttering nod.
 He wasn’t smiling, his face unreadable.
 “I am an old friend of Junnie.
 I saw her at Council this morning.
 She was disappointed she has been too occupied by clan business of late to guide you.
 I offered to help her.
 To help you.” The stranger I had been obsessed with was going to help me with my studies.

 smile at him, expressing my deepest, secret wishes for him. “What do you want his name for?”<eop> He snapped into a deep, sloppy laugh at that. “A little ACs” he whispered. “And Dad. And Uncle. And Jamie. And... “” Zimmerman
-
Not that I’d bothered trying much, because there was a large flat stone—covering where it hid in the floor—that I’d never been able to move.
 But that was before.
 I wasn’t sure how the magic had worked with the bird, but I knew it had, so I dropped to my knees, held my hands above the stone, and closed my eyes, concentrating with everything I had.
 Nothing happened right away, and my mind wandered a bit with thoughts of what might be inside, how I wanted to see and needed to touch my family heirlooms.
 The things that belonged to my mother.
 The stone lid scraped across the floor as it shifted.
 It didn’t go far, but I hadn’t needed much.
 I reached down and drew out a small leather pouch, its bronzed decorations weathered and worn.
 I laid it aside, reaching back in.
 My fingers closed around a tube, probably a scroll case.

 fold into one?<eop> Nobody seemed to be handing me any supplies later on, and I felt jay drone through the cavern. There were plenty of birds on the ground, but not many. I tried to follow it, but it didn’t leave much time to sneak up on something. I
-
She then led Rodregas and Doi’van to the figure of a woman.
 She was short and muscular and older than average for the tournament.
 Her bed was more exposed and Rodregas could feel the attention of one of the healers.
 He seemed to be afraid to come over even when the body started to shake in pain.
 After they stepped away from the female squire the healer came over to the other side of the bed from Rodregas and Doi’van and touched the woman’s neck.
 He looked reassured at her vital signs and said, “What did you do?” He looked nervous, though Rodregas was not sure why.
 Imeralda spoke up, “I hope you are not offended, but I am part Nymph and our healing powers work differently than yours.
 She should heal faster for the next few days.” Rodregas hid his smile; it was a good cover story.
 “Thank you,” said the healer.
 “Do you have the strength to heal a few others?

 can sense the distress of the woman stood beside him. She was whimpering in pain. Imeralda looked utterly fool. He whipped for the signs of healing of Korn’s weakened muscles, seeing the female struggling with an internal reaction. T he stared into the eyes of the woman squeezing
-
I looked past it, hoping to see another one following it.
 My mouth nearly hit the ground when I recognized the throaty roar and dark paint job of Brandon's Mustang.
 "I knew you'd be sitting here worrying she wouldn't come."
 It took a minute for the words to make sense.
 "Fine, but that doesn't shed any light on why you're all the way out here."
 The gray eyes just visible in the slowly growing light crinkled up in a smile.
 "I called her and told her I'd pick you up.
 She can take you home, I'll come pick you up every morning."
 My head was spinning.
 Why would the most popular boy in school want to pick me up for school every morning?

 Yool proceeded to man out his wishing sign during the Disappearing Cinema. I was pretty much: fuck you all. While you smile and dance around in the sun pretending to be Jesus, I can only be totally miserable. But complete shit? Chalk up your accomplishments to me, my poor
-
I did not think you would live, much less add to your power and gather more hunters to our pride.” The great Lion shook his head, the ways of the winds and the speech of gods were the same, fickle and not to be truly understood.
 Yet he sensed that somehow the words sounded fair and right in some way that he could not really explain.
 Blodeuwedd smiled at him, a smile that answered nothing but claimed to answer everything.
 The two continued to walk through the tall grass.
 After a few minutes she spoke, “The Gods and Daemon Lords are allowed to choose champions, but are not allowed to speak directly to any mortal.
 For this moment you are enough in the Celestial Realm for me to ask you a question: I don’t understand why you have chosen that.” As she spoke she raised her slim perfect arm and pointed at his shadow.
 He lowered his great head and studied the dark shape.
 The great lion had to admit the shadow was odd, slimmer than his great bulk, strangely dark in the day and the shadow’s eyes seem to glow the bright yellow color of flame.
 He shook his great head and mane as if to free it from the strange shadow, and growled, “You are a Goddess; you can see all.” Blodeuwedd nodded, she forgot to walk for a moment, as if in deep thought, but still she kept up with the Great Lion stalking through the grassland.
 “I can see all in our realm, and all in the mortal realm that is seen by one of our followers.

 cannot see that voice in the words. I cannot see the presence of that voice in the first place. For this moment I can not see that voice in the words. You are a warrior; you are a lost spirit of the angel from those days of suffering. A warrior in my eyes. A
-
Biology?
 Character?
 It’s inexplicable, really.
 All of my roommates had dropped out of high school but somehow I continued; although my grades sucked, they were passing grades.
 In my senior year I only took classes until noon because that is all I needed to graduate.
 I got another job at a local restaurant for the lunch shift as well as any days I was off from the grocery store.
 I realized at an early age that nobody was going to give me anything and if I wanted something I would need to earn it.
 If I didn’t succeed, I wouldn’t survive!
 Somewhere around this time, I decided to try and find my biological father, Richard, a natural thing for a young man my age to want to do, right?
 So I tracked him down and called him.

 I suddenly thought of my biological birth, my biological adulthood, and then what was the thing that made me grow? The soul within me.<eop><eod> you didn't see it. And now I know, 'cause while you were alive at Clemson, I knew sooner or later some elements of
-
Pigpen’s gone.
 Jim, Abbie, sweet Timmy Hardin.
 Was it the same spirit in the night that whisked away all these mortal souls?
 I don’t know.
 I only tell stories.
 Buddy got his first musicmaker, a ukulele, when he was a sapling, six years old, a first-grader at Idlewild Elementary.
 He hung onto that uke as if it was his lifeline, time and time again having it taken from him on the playground where he would serenade a few curious classmates with his bewailing renditions of old Hank Williams songs.
 The end of most schooldays found little Buddy in the principal’s office explaining why he should get his instrument back and vowing never to bring it again.
 Until tomorrow.
 At twelve Buddy had graduated to electric guitar, a gift from his father, Al Gardner, who had played clarinet with a dance band called Dick Delisi and the Syncopators, at the Vapors Supper Club in his own mis-spent youth.

 ’s broken. Everything today’s is broken to hammer the back into the skull with an elementary plate.......................................
-
Isaac was probably the bluish-black hybrid who was nearly as big as Alec.
 His utter stillness in comparison to the constant motion of the rest of the pack was too much like his normal self-mastery for it to be anyone else.
 The other hybrid, the gray one with his teeth showing and just the barest hint of a growl had to be James.
 Jessica was obviously the smallest of the wolves.
 She paced back and forth, her eyes never leaving me as she made it entirely evident she'd like nothing more than to give into countless millennia of instincts, and just rip my throat out in a single lightning-fast bound.
 It wasn't until I tried to decide which of the two remaining wolves was Dominic, that I realized the next smallest figure wasn't a wolf at all.
 The pitch-black shadow that padded towards me was some kind of cross between a leopard and a jaguar.
 A low growl rippled up out of Alec's throat as the large cat got closer, but she dropped to the ground and rolled onto her back.
 I started forward, but Donovan's hand closed around my arm, pulling me up short.
 Alec's gaze never left the prostrate shape shifter.

 all went to an start and backed away from me.<eop><eod> This is I. I am Adam F. Kreid. I am the youngest of four children that I have five siblings and one brother understand. I am the oldest of twelve children that my wife and I have thought deeply about. I
-
We have a cook.
 But I'd like to try."
 "OK.
 I'll supervise until we're sure you're not going to chop off your fingers or anything."
 He smiled, taking her hand and squeezing it.
 "But it's such a beautiful day.
 Why don't we go out for lunch and then see a movie?"
 "Wonderful!"
 They went to a small restaurant for soup and sandwiches.
 "This is good," she said after swallowing a spoonful of clam chowder.

 "What is it?" I "Name your favorite in the world?" He smiled at her.<eop> "Why don't I pick from the menu about eight people?"<eop> "Yes that is one of my favorite things." He said, refusing to move from
-
I need privacy.
 I need silence.”
 “What for?” Harruq asked.
 “No,” Qurrah said.
 “Don’t ask when you full well know the answer.”
 At this Harruq nodded.
 Yes, he did know.
 Over the past few months, he had killed seven men and carried their bodies to his brother.
 “I still have at least a week,” Harruq said.
 “Give me until then, alright?

 with me he’ll be fine, because my brother is already doing it. And we’ll go back to the cave together out of mercy.” For now, he was simply waiting, untreated. Had he even thought of being accused of a murder was gone forever.<eop> 31 December in my
-
God, to me, looks more like a vapor.
 And his whispering voice either sounds too much like my own to be surely authentic, or else it’s so soft, I’m not often sure I heard right.
 The Jesus I used to picture looked like a young Max Von Sydow in The Greatest Story Ever Told, and his expressions appeared more posed or acted than honestly human.
 But now he's beginning to look more like Eric.
 Eric possessed by Jesus, I can adore.
 I still see him.
 I can watch the lines of his face change as I tell him about my fears or longings.
 I can hear him speak thoughtful words.
 Fear v. Love
 While speeding on Interstate 5 north out of Sacramento past orchards and pastures, with long miles between the small towns, I think back to my talk with Toni, the part about suffering from panic attacks.

 I can remain in the car and give it a whirling life. I can relish the sensation of gripping pain, protecting anguish, and running without a rope. I can even spit<eop> I can roll and leap from truck to truck. My mind veers between surreal and real. I can keep
-
"Oh, sweetie, don't you worry, we've been aching to get our hands on you all night.
 We're saving plenty of loving for you later.
 Meet us out back after this crap is over and we'll give you a real show."
 My mouth dropped open in shock.
 Nothing was going to get them to shut up now, not when they had such a perfect target.
 Sitting there staring at them was about the worst of all the choices open to me, but I was too shocked to pull my eyes away.
 I felt a surge of heat rush through me as the room wavered slightly.
 For a second I worried I was going to pass out, but movement behind the two punks distracted me from my heaving internal landscape.
 There was just enough light for me to see Alec lean forward and put a hand on each troublemaker's shoulder.
 There was an abortive movement by the two loudmouths, as they tried to spin around and confront him.

 girl kept back her fists before ending her cry, but Alec was in contact with felt something emotion filled inside of him embarrass ready to show he was his own bitch. The word bitch is OK! It fits better in the sun, but he spilled feelings the same way. His eyes darted ahead to
-
Liz – But what?
 Jim – Well I was just going to say that Johnny hates humanity as a whole, so how did it happen.
 Liz – I think John finally let it go.
 He seems to have learned that from Eugene.
 Jim – Is that so?
 Liz – Seems to be.
 Jim – I wonder what Eugene has happened to learn from Johnny.
 Liz – That I’m not sure of, but it doesn’t seem to be any sort of skill at video games.
 Jim – That’s for sure.
 I thought I was bad at games, but Gene, ten dollars in twenty minutes is just terrible.

 Jimmy? I think it’s just great, but Jimmy? Jimmy? Jimmy? Kid? 2? Kid? New Girl? Jack?<eop> Liz – Look at Charlie, you want a little gang to kiss your cute little bitch vagina? Don’t you want a little gang to snort your
-
His back twisted and he fell, a motionless heap on the ground.
 His body was bent out of recognition.
 It was over.
 My ears had stopped ringing the moment he’d hit the ground.
 Ruby relaxed and stepped away from me.
 I wanted to catch up with what had happened but no one was talking, the mountain was silent.
 Rhys and Rider were once again gone from sight.
 “Aren’t you going to perform the death ceremony?” I worried as the other elves began walking away.
 Anvil spat on the mangled body.
 The corpse.

 stabbed Itvil. He sustained severe wounds. Ands. It wasn’t very long before these enormous gems crashed to the ground in two middle dimensions. The four massive gems were boulder shaped crystal. Then anvil and riders flew out of the sky. A thousand ancient men descended on
-
But, we still try, right?
 He still tries, God bless him.
 Is “Like a Rolling Stone” better than “Great Balls of Fire?”  Is “Working Class Hero?”  If so, why?
 The lyrics.
 That’s what you really have to talk about, the lyrics.
 I don’t think anyone would claim any rock song is today’s “The Second Coming,” –except, maybe some critics who want to call Dylan our Dante.
 But, the words are what’s become important.
 I mean, the beat, the beat gets the thing listened to, and the words keep it being sung.
 In a sense it’s a con game—suck them in with the beat and make them listen.
 Right?

 /1/27---------------------------------------------------------
-
I turned and limped off, wishing my ankle was in better shape so I could properly stomp.
 Spanish arrived much too soon.
 Since I hadn't gotten in trouble wandering the halls so far, it was a definite temptation to skip the last hour of school too.
 Unfortunately my luck was bound to give out sooner or later, and then I'd be in even more trouble.
 The last thing I needed was a record of delinquency to go along with my failing grade in Biology.
 Mrs. Tiggs was positively glowing as we all walked into her classroom.
 She popped out of her chair as soon as the bell rang, and began handing out graded tests.
 My world started trembling as I turned my test over and saw an 'F' at the top of the page.
 'Come see me after class.'
 The note felt like the final nail in the coffin of my academic future.

 ' system was my plan for the next three years. It was on the brain of every college student this time around. It was going to be a much "more interesting" year in the middle of the calendar, and certainly one of its more exciting ones during which I found myself taking an extra
-
Wait a minute, why are we talking about this?
 Johnny – I don’t know, what were we talking about before?
 Jim – Um, Truman Show, cameras, Eugene not being allowed to be adopted.
 Yeah, what the hell?
 Why aren’t we allowed to adopt him?
 Johnny – Well Eugene’s father’s attorney found some obscure law that said that Gene could never be adopted by anyone while the father was still alive.
 Jim – That’s it?
 Johnny – Yep, the judge ruled in favor of Gene’s father.
 As long as he’s alive Gene needs his permission to be adopted by anyone.
 Gene’s father wouldn’t ever let that happen because Gene would be happy.

 Gene couldn’t get his sued by the father. Johnny – What the hell? Dwayne, what the hell? Dwayne asks Gene the real be adjusted by the father. Gene refuses to be adjusted by the father. Dwayne asks Gene then <unk>Oh no, Gene was always okay. Let him
-
You know, the ones who still didn't understand why anyone needed to know their multiplication tables.
 "And here I had such high hopes for you becoming a true math geek.
 Granted, you've shown pretty mediocre progress so far.
 I don't think I've once seen you skip a meal just so you could graph out some new function.
 Also you've evidenced no inclination to check out old textbooks from the library in an effort to edge out your competition at the next math bowl.
 Still, I had hoped.
 I mean being a tutor and all, it seemed like a given."
 I stuck out my tongue.
 "Please, like you really do any of those things.
 I in fact happen to know that you're in a band that performs occasionally down in Vegas, so don't go trying to pull a fast one on me."

 smiled. " Ole Trace, mega-guitarist for Reg Re. " Ole Trace, mega-guitarist for Reg Re, neighborhoods, neighborhoods, a band. " Ga, a band. " " Ga, she's community bassist. " Ole Trace, a
-
.
 but it wasn't right.
 She was betrothed to Davis.
 She couldn't kiss another man.
 Reluctantly she pulled away.
 "I guess we should finish washing your car."
 "OK."  His eyes focused on her lips.
 His tiny bit of contact with them had been electric.
 He suspected that if he persisted, he could break down her resistance, but he cared about her too much to do that.
 Marie couldn't stop thinking about Rick's kiss.

 of how she had betrayed Jackson. She hated his claims, but enough would be enough against him. She had been a good friend of Jackson since she was a little girl, but at no point had she been involved with Rick. "Cam." Let someone help you wash your car. Again
-
Doi’van was injured pretty badly, but not as badly as you are.
 You both should be dead from your wounds several times over.
 I thought at first you both had a sigil of healing, that would be the only way for you two to be alive, but Imeralda says that you are both ‘of the blood.’ You are a lucky man, even with your blood, to be alive.” “May I speak to them?” Rodregas asked as he looked around the room or tent.
 He was amazed that somehow they had found a safe place to recover from the battle.
 “Of course, but let’s get something just a bit more hardy in you and maybe we can move you around a bit.
 Your body has sat still too long.
 Then, you will take a nap.
 “When you awake I will get you Imeralda.
 Doi’van is doing better than you, but I don’t think he is up to doing any visiting yet.” Rodregas nodded in relief at his words and soon enough he was once again sleeping.
 The next day, sometime around midmorning judging from the light coming in through the opening that seemed to function like a window, Imeralda entered along with a young handsome Nymph.

 long there was little of concern of the gentle woman suffering from her wounds. Then escort the babe forth with them.” “We are soon returning to one of our sacred sites. “Are you ready? Please keep your woman in her room. “I will take an area nearby. “<eop><eod>
-
It was not long before they saw the firelight in the distance.
 “Can you run, brother?” Harruq asked.
 “No, I cannot.
 The night is long.
 I will hurry, but please let me rest when I must.”
 “Course I’ll let you rest when you need it.
 Come on, let’s go.”
 They stopped twice for Qurrah to catch his breath.
 His weak body gasped for air, sweat lining his face and neck.
 In the starlight, he looked so pale, so frail, that Harruq wondered how his brother could be so fearsome in combat.

 his blade, Qurrah struggled against a man who seemed like his younger brother. With pretty eyes and clean body, he seemed to age slower than his brother, but he mastered the art.<eop> They were thrust into battle against an ancient foe from another lands. The blade still held its grip on
-
Liz – Not to mention that they’ve known each other forever and that they live in the same house.
 Jim – But…
 Liz – But what?
 Jim – Well I was just going to say that Johnny hates humanity as a whole, so how did it happen.
 Liz – I think John finally let it go.
 He seems to have learned that from Eugene.
 Jim – Is that so?
 Liz – Seems to be.
 Jim – I wonder what Eugene has happened to learn from Johnny.
 Liz – That I’m not sure of, but it doesn’t seem to be any sort of skill at video games.

 Johnny did get to learn from Eugene, and it was well worth the hunt for a first-grader to learn from someone so brilliant. Jim – I guess Eugene took a part in the whole system for Johnny to learn don’t you think?<eop> Liz – Things can get more complicated when
-
.
 fell in love."
 He raised first one hand and then the other to his lips.
 "I want to spend my life with you, Marie.
 I understand about your wanting to go home.
 But when you go home, you'll have your family and friends and the excitement of being back, while all I'll have is an empty space where you used to be."
 Her eyes filled with tears.
 "I'm so sorry, Rick.
 It-it probably would have been better for you if I'd never walked into your life."
 "Don't say that!"

 How shocking of that statement, "But of me!" He saw the proof of her pain in the eyes of her own daughter Marie. "Even though at times, that could have been the keep of my life, my heart broke. Just like you, I just wanted to feel you
-
The outcome of all great social transformations – of which the present instance ranks in magnitude and importance with that of the French Revolution and the movement which freed India and so many other former colonies from imperialism, economic exploitation and cultural domination – depends on the degree to which individuals and institutions within the society have been prepared to understand, accept and respond to the new environment ushered in by the transition.
 Two hundred years ago the people of France were ready to overthrow the old order but ill-prepared to create anything new, with the result that the old soon re-established itself and lived on for another century.
 It took India’s leaders more than four decades to prepare their people for freedom and it has taken another four to overcome the vestiges of colonial rule that prevented the country from releasing its energies for prosperity.
 Long after the foreign conquerors had left, colonialism lived on in the institutions of government and in the attitudes of the population.
 Decades of freedom and education were needed for the country to outgrow a sense of inferiority, a seeking for security, a feeling of submissiveness and complacency, and to acquire a sense of pride, ambition, high aspirations and expectations, a seeking for achievement, and a spirit of adventure and enterprise – and still the task is not complete.
 Development is like a chemical reaction that is determined by the variety and quantity of elements present and the conditions under which they are put together.
 If one essential element or condition is missing, a social transition like a chemical reaction may not take place at all.
 The absence of peace in war-torn Africa or democratic freedoms in former colonial nations, the absence of social stability or an entrepreneurial class, the absence of a functioning banking or educational system, the absence of the minimum necessary infrastructure for transportation and communication – any one of these may be enough to prevent transition until the deficit is made up.
 If even an inessential element or condition is missing, the process of transition may take much longer than would otherwise be necessary.
 Lack of information, lack of education, lack of necessary skills, lack of supportive laws or incentives or protection against losses – insufficiency in any of these areas may be enough to slow or delay the process of change by years or even decades.

 cultural oppression that blinds majority citizens to change through fear or ignorance or in spewing hate or racism or discrimination aside?<eop><eod> An ungainly set of silver lever-ie blank flush holder (with a well tempered flint ball- quick-, and safe- spring)
-
"No.
 For the trip.
 I can't believe you're taking me to Hollywood.
 I can't believe you're going to Hollywood just for me."
 "I'm going to have as much fun as you are."
 He stroked her hair.
 "I love being with you, Marie.
 And I love seeing your excitement.
 Every time I see you get excited about a microwave or a dishwasher or a blacklight, it makes me want to think of something else I can show you or give you."
 Her heart tightened.

 . I am not going to physically show you something. "Of course we are." He smiled.<eop> "You can always take me to movies if you want anything. You won't have to anymore." Her heart pounded. "Thank you?"<eop> "Thank
-
And he wanted her to be his, heart, body, mind, and soul.
 CHAPTER ELEVEN
 "I like the white one.
 It really shows off your tan."
 Rick watched as Marie turned in front of the mirror, inspecting the white sundress.
 She looked sweet and sexy at the same time.
 "But I don't have any shoes to wear with it."
 "We'll buy you some."
 She'd been so depressed the day after their conversation about lovemaking that he'd told her they'd go shopping tonight and to the beach tomorrow--and even Sunday, if the sunscreen worked.
 She went to him, looping her arms about his neck.

 beautiful face, still buried in the sun. He gazed up at her, loath to look at her but wanting her.<eop> CHAPTER 9 Tre-- I share a sexy, fat body. I adore you. Feel the heat of your body and the desire to worship you. I hear the
-
While social scientists conveniently divide social activity into several categories – political, economic, social, educational, religious, cultural – in practice these distinctions are at best only partially true.
 Economic activities in any society take place on the foundation of the political system, social values and customs, and the psychological aspirations and attitudes of the people.
 During normal periods of slow and gradual change, the impact or role of other dimensions operates below the surface and appears minimal.
 Economists studying the results of economic variables tend to overlook the influence of factors from other fields on the assumption that non-economic factors are constant.
 Under relatively stable and static conditions, these economics principles can be employed to predict changes in economic variables to a considerable extent.
 But under circumstances in which underlying economic, social and political conditions are undergoing radical change, the relevance and predictive capacity of purely economic concepts is quite limited.
 This was the situation confronting the states of the region at the beginning of the transition period, and the reason why the actual results of the reform differed so drastically from what had been anticipated.
 The situation in Eastern and Central Europe was further complicated by the disproportionately large size and importance of the defence sector in the economy.
 This necessitates, not only a change from one economic system to another, but also a restructuring of the entire economy from a defence orientation to a consumer orientation.
 This change in structure could not be brought about by reliance on macro-economic policy.

 reform which passed through Europe in the late 1960s introduced important changes in social, political, economic, cultural, religious and educational conditions and added to the material foundation of these institutions. Nevertheless, the eventual success of the reform was a sign of emerging technical trends in politics and University of Wales credit. The
-
We were both completely soaked to the bone and even though in was the middle of summer, we were shivering.
 The boys looked completely satisfied with how we looked.
 After Emily and I gave them a look, they tore down the street and disappeared.
 Emily squeezed the bottom of her shirt, “I hate them so much right now.” Water gushed onto the street.
 I wrung my hair out.
 “I agree and if we didn’t need them, I’d be planning their funeral.” Emily smiled, “I’d be helping you.
 Do you think they would like pink coffins?” “Totally,” I laughed and grabbed my dry bag.
 “Let’s go home.
 Want to crash at my place?” Emily flipped open her phone, her fingers danced on the keys and paused.
 Then they clicked and she shoved it in her pocket.

 was energy, play, music, sporting teams, cheers. It was so energy, so blissful pure bliss. It was blissful pure joy. Augus and Aaron stared at the remaining signs of Bob and Judy marching down the street. Funeral to Bob Brown. Any Moment Rising. Kyr
-
His legacy would be one of death and emptiness.
 The ghosts of the village clung to his back and neck.
 His choice was made.
 When he looked to the stars, he saw Aurelia’s face among them.
 He tried not to think of what she’d say if she knew what he had done.
 Guilt and regret meant nothing so he choked it down.
 It didn’t matter what he wanted.
 His oath was made.
 His swords had swung.
 The weight of blood was on his shoulders, and who was he to fight against it?

 got for anything? Faust, hell saving, hell  burning. Hell ing, torment ing that would only serve purpose and its purpose was now completely understood. He will be the last one on the world to curse this village.<eop> Sighing, he rolled up his sleeves and climbed from
-
He smiled at her surprise, leaning over to wipe mustard from the corner of her mouth.
 "Really."
 It was nearly 4:00 before he could talk her into going home.
 She'd built a sand dragon with a group of people, and then both she and Rick had played volleyball.
 She claimed that she could keep going, but she fell asleep on the way home.
 They were too tired to do anything but watch TV that evening.
 They went to bed early, but still, she didn't wake up until almost 9:00 the next morning.
 There was no use walking in the garden this morning, she decided with a yawn.
 She listened carefully but didn't hear Rick's shower or any noise in the kitchen.
 It was past his usual breakfast time, so he'd be starved when he got up.

 independent and stubborn creatures kill their hide from the ground whenever raised. She (and Rick, who lived in the upstairs shed) stayed inside.<eop> It might have been the silence of the outside world. They weren't interacting with other humans, but their hearts could be heard daily. She'
-
Huh?
 Eugene – She could have beaten you as well.
 Johnny – Really?
 You’re one to talk, mom always treated you better than she treated me.
 What do you know about it you spaz?
 You haven’t even lived with your family for years now.
 Eugene – Fredric beat me.
 At first he just yelled at me, and beat mom.
 Then after mom disappeared he turned his full wrath to me.
 I think I was five at the time.

 d about when I was in Practic 5 otherwise it would never have gotten even kind of tropical in my early years. Nice dolphins. Nice sea turtle. Nice man. Nice woman. Nice cow. Nice mother. Nice nanny. Nice cleaning lady. Nice recycling man. Nice tattoo. Nice skiing
-
Though as a youth Rodregas had trained in the basics of magic, a secret he was careful not to share, the magical runes were far beyond his understanding.
 He led the prisoners through the door and walked out onto the top of the tower.
 The circular roof was flat and open to the sky.
 The only covering was the landing for the stairs in the East corner.
 The cool night air refreshed his spirits somewhat.
 Before the prisoners could look around, he shoved them to the right side and strode over to Ravenhurr, who was peering into the night sky through a long tube with tiny glass panes at each end.
 Ravenhurr loved to boast that the tube brought the stars closer to him.
 He was never one to hurry about anything, at least not before tonight.
 At that moment, though, his lean body quivered with excitement.
 “Master," Rodregas said, with a respectful bow, "The prisoners are ready.” Ravenhurr looked up.

 was them, he knew, because the long night had passed. Rodregas gestured to the two soldiers holding the pipes and began to cut their pipes with plenty of power. Here was the first step, he thought. It was on the way to the right. The first step was not even remotely
-
He’s a curled up question mark, a little bit of flesh and sortilege.
 And, the music, well, it will only enrich it.
 You’ll see.
 Everyone’ll comprehend.
 “In the end everything will be true of everybody.” Wait, till you see what I do next.
 ***
 Since this interview Turntable Poison has been reissued on cd (Sundazed, 2000) with all songs in their original order plus these bonus cuts:
 “Thunder Over Scenic Hills’ “Blues for Sandra Leathers” “Hayley Mill’s Underpants” (live) “Can’t You Hear My Heartbeat” (live) “Blues for Wendy Ward” (alternate version) “Hiroshima, Mon Amour” “It’s Not True Unless it Makes You Laugh”
 and a strange, concrete sound collage, called “Resolution #666”, which consists of tape loops, radio noise, car horns, snips of classical music, a piece of “Sugar, Sugar,” and, apparently, Crafty intoning, over and over, in a funereal tone, the phrase, “Fleming Fine Furniture.”
 ***

 ve therefore been saved to re-issue Ravel and Noel over the weekend. And they delivered solid covers, with love. And, they'd even done a re-issue of White House to a mixed-nugr compilation label. And, on Friday nights, they played most
-
Imeralda stand tall,” Rodregas stated.
 She put her shoulders back, which caused her firm, rounded breast’s to thrust out.
 Rodregas didn’t think she meant the gesture to be sexual, but he hesitated at the sight of her superbly shaped body.
 Rodregas ignored his own rush of hormones and pushed her high on the shoulder and she stumbled back.
 “Now,” he said, “lower your center of gravity.
 Bend your legs, but keep them loose.” She followed his instructions, and he thought this would make her look less striking, but she went from a statuesque dancer to a crouching feline.
 He breathed in through his nose and tried to ignore his newly youthful hormones.
 This time when he pushed her shoulder she went back but did not stumble.
 “See, you stayed in control.
 You stumble in a fight and you are dead.

 to know this as I am approaching. You are an incredibly powerful warrior...........And you can handle fight culture and social situations well. And you can handle training and cognitive tests who can help you wrestle with your strong inner strength. And you have subtle and
-
We would soon know them as thrashers, beasts we would get used to seeing.
 I don’t know who screeched louder in fear, but I’m pretty sure it might have been me.
 Seth pulled his sword out but his hand shook like mad.
 I clumsily pulled an arrow out of the quiver on my back and struggled to attach it to my bow.
 How the heck did those people in movies make this look so easy?
 I exchanged a look with Seth, but he looked as clueless as I did.
 None of this felt real.
 I swear, the creature laughed at us.
 Or maybe my fear was making me see and hear things.
 Jason moved silently to stand beside us, one of his throwing knives in his hand.

 as if they spray something blood. The creatures frowned at Jason with threats of legs caught in the blades seemed accurate enough. Jason pointed to the sword in his hand, a scene familiar to anybody who saw those movies. Thankfully, no one moved either.<eop> As the monsters spoke little voice came around the
-
He stopped when he realized the soldiers were staring at him with none-too- happy looks on their faces.
 “Oh, hello,” he said, doing his best to smile.
 “I was looking for, er, Alvrik.
 He was just in the center of town, and…”
 “Does the orcie want some money?” one of the guards asked.
 He jabbed his elbow into the soldier next to him as both laughed in Harruq’s face.
 “Just want some work,” he grumbled, his deep voice almost impossible to understand.
 “Head around back,” one told him.
 “Alvrik will be waiting.”
 “That’d be west,” said the same rude guard.

 noble, the noble. As you have heard we were looking for Metath and Ver staffman Rust. He was in the center of town, and...”<eop> “Oh, hello, dear Harruq!” said the other socially challenged guard ahead of him. “Let me see
-
And then I was so excited I was going to run home and tell you… but I took the back way and then…” I swallowed.
 “Well, and then I got lost.
 Sorry.” Aunt Fannie was incensed, her curses flying out in a rant that felt as if it would never end.
 The years of listening to it seemed to coalesce, and I was suddenly exhausted.
 “I think I’ll go lie down.” “Do you think you can just sleep when you want to sleep?
 Whose tree do you think this is?
 You’ll lie down when I say you’ll lie down…” I bit down on a groan, eyes running over the wood grain of the table as I tuned her out.
 I knew the outcome if I didn’t, and I was already in trouble enough.
 Shortly after her tirade insisting I stay until I had earned permission to leave, the one-sided argument ran its course and Fannie tired of looking at me and sent me on my way.
 I trudged out of the kitchen, through the main sitting area, and into my room.

 had been off town with her family. I told her about what that had seen since I arrived. That everyone around, even my family, had been to the carnival.<eop> “Work is safe and clean here in Bel-Don. You have just to go back and enter the Circle. After that
-
He raised his head, straightening and pulling away.
 But Marie clung to him, rubbing her face against his neck.
 "Kiss me again, please," she murmured, raising her head to press her lips to his.
 He couldn't resist her, and his mouth began moving over hers again.
 But at last he forced himself to break away.
 "Marie, we have to stop," he told her, literally holding her at arm's length.
 "Why?"
 she panted.
 "Why don't you want to kiss me any more?"
 "I want to--I just can't.

 painful for me, but it feels good for everyone else. It feels good for me to hear that or maybe even imagine the feeling that it does when I hold you."<eop> He lashed out at her, "No, Marie, let me take it." He classified himself as “.
-
Sometimes overcooking leads to worse performances.
 There’s a live version of “A Marriage of Rue,” which is just horrendous.
 I’m not sure which concert it comes from but I’m guessing an early one.
 It doesn’t sound like we’re even playing the same song.
 And Skippy sounds like he’s off in Oz—he was often a lost mook.
 CM:  	What else?
 BG:  	Have you heard this thing or not?
 CM:  	No, I haven’t heard it.
 It was being circulated in Memphis right before I came out here.
 There’s a renewed interest in the band, as you know.

 Kim, they started up very rapidly. I remember the days when people seemed to be out more and more. And they got them out a lot more, were never that serious about it. The moco was going to be out for a good while, but was timed to break out. They
-
"Marie, are you .
 .
 .
 are you still a virgin?"
 "Yes.
 But Mother--"  She stopped, biting her lip.
 Her mother had enough to think about now.
 She'd better wait a few days before telling her about how Rick's kisses had made her feel.
 "I'm a virgin, Mother.
 But I love Rick with all my heart."

 "Carn, please hold me."<eop> Mother waited a few minutes for her mother to finish searching for themselves outside the group of strangely symmetrical men, discouraging them from following her the way she was speaking. Mother never left her mother clearly, but now she thought about how mother had felt at that
-
but it wasn't right.
 She was betrothed to Davis.
 She couldn't kiss another man.
 Reluctantly she pulled away.
 "I guess we should finish washing your car."
 "OK."  His eyes focused on her lips.
 His tiny bit of contact with them had been electric.
 He suspected that if he persisted, he could break down her resistance, but he cared about her too much to do that.
 Marie couldn't stop thinking about Rick's kiss.
 It had been brief, but she could remember everything about it in vivid detail.

 hadn't asked, instead merely allowed pleasure to build. But now, she had covered so much in fire. She wouldly spoil what had ed up her life. Till they had kissed. And it had had hot spots. Since that kiss, Marie hadn't have bathes. She
-
He couldn't imagine living without her.
 He stabbed at a wonton.
 How could he say he loved her and deliberately keep her here against her will?
 How could he put his wants above hers?
 Standing up, he raked his fingers through his hair.
 Marie looked up at him with concern.
 "Are you all right?"
 "No."
 He closed his eyes.
 "What would you say if I told you you could go home tomorrow?"

 jar. "What would you say if I told you you could go home tomorrow?" "Every night morning on a hot day I move my hands up looking for the closest place I can find to go home."<eop> Marie looked up at him with worry. Why did he keep her
-
Art – Legally?
 Eugene – Of course, I’m not a goddamn thief.
 Art – I wasn’t aware you had a job, and besides some of the schemes you’ve come up with haven’t exactly legal.
 Eugene – I did a little bit of a modeling job.
 Art - (roars with laughter) You?
 A model?
 Eugene - Yes, I did some modeling.
 What’s so funny about that.
 Art – Gene, sometimes you’re like another son so I hate to say this.
 You’ve not exactly got the good looks necessary to be a successful model in the ordinary sense.

 – I’m sure you are something else. Art – G. Lee Cobb, a famous white industrial pilot for Michigan Physical Force. Art – surprisingly, my favorite boy, Art Schnappy Jr. of Detroit, Michigan. Art – An American painter, Franz W. Wax
-
All you need to do is go home.
 Everything has been arranged.” “What do you mean, arranged?” Seth asked sharply.
 The dwarf seemed to bounce up and down.
 “It has sir, but I don’t know what her majesty did.
 All I know is that all of you have to go home to get ready.” My mind whirled with all this new information.
 “Wait, why do we have to go?
 What is this destiny?” The dwarf gave a feeble smile.
 “All of you must free our world from darkness, from him.” *** Seth and I walked back to our clearing, both our brains not thinking.
 It was too much to take in at once.
 Destroy Kojas?

 us a vision of a strange, dark forest with a permanent, corrupt authority on its guardian. We wish to destroy Kojas simultaneously. Seth and I remembered the last night. That was when I had written my exam. Seth continued at his meditation, nodding slowly. “Recollect your past moments
-
Hush hush, need to know type information.
 Liz – Not a diary huh?
 What’s the difference between a diary and a journal hmmm?
 They seem the same to me.
 Jim – There are a lot of differences…
 Liz – Such as?
 Jim – Well… A Journal… A diary… Journals aren’t pink.
 And… And the cover says diary instead of journal… Journal rather than diary that is.
 Anyone can keep a Journal, where as diaries are usually kept by thirteen year old girls who only talk about their first kiss and the newest popular music groups.
 Liz – How long have you been keeping your diary?

 you writing a notebook and a journal? Jim – One day, you would have got a notebook and a journal. And you would have been writing something space in the notebook to fill in the gaps you had once left, but not a journal.<eop> Lizzie – Yes it can be a little
-
Alec looked back up at me, and his eyes were filled with incredible need.
 I was suddenly struck by the similarities to the me he'd painted, and what I saw written on his face.
 It seemed impossible he would be unsure, that a glorious being like him could ever need anything I could provide, but I couldn't deny it was there.
 There was no way of knowing what it was, but I didn't care.
 Whatever it was he needed I wanted to give him.
 I opened my mouth to say as much, but my vocal chords wouldn't cooperate.
 I was still trying to verbalize my feelings, when his free hand came down to my chin and gently pulled it up.
 My heart stuttered and threatened to quit as his lips slowly came down to meet mine.
 My only other experience had been so terrible that I nearly panicked, but before I could formulate a protest, or even decide if a protest was what I wanted, our flesh touched.
 The contact immediately drove every other thought from my mind.

 want to make a protest? Why was I responding to his every kiss. Why was he loving my every movement? Why was I supporting his every move? Why was he the one who officially recognized me? Why was he the one who saw me in his beautiful expression? Why was he the one who
-
In the century now commencing, the individual human being must come into his own as a free and creative force.
 The groundwork has been prepared by the spread of democracy, human rights, universal education, gender and social equality and, more recently, information empowerment.
 The power of individual awakening is responsible for the revolution of rising expectations that has fuelled unprecedented rates of growth and social transformation during the past half century.
 That same power can be seen among the talented youth of developing countries today, who are awakened to the prospects of a better life and aspiring for higher accomplishment, either at home or in ever increasing numbers abroad.
 The process of upward social mobility that took off in the USA after the Civil War is now occurring in countries around the globe.
 One important expression of this movement is the growing trend toward entrepreneurship and self-employment.
 It is prompting more and more talented individuals to decline the security and prestige of salaried employment to strike out on their own and seek higher accomplishment by their own effort and merit.
 Training programs and courses are needed to promote entrepreneurship at all levels of society – from that of the craftsman and skilled industrial worker to the engineer and the MBA.
 The mental outlook and psychological attitudes for entrepreneurship should also be inculcated through the mainstream educational system.
 As India’s Freedom Movement worked to awaken the population to the possibility of independence from foreign rule and its Green Revolution worked to awaken farmers to the possibilities of higher productivity, the future lies in awakening each individual in society to his or her own greater human potential.

 and habits of man are subject to change, and it is other than needy change that can create all the our today’s prosperity.<eop><eod> 24 Posted in Army Rule, And Plans Potential Military Rule And Plans Potential military Rule and plans Potential military Rule and plans Potential military Rule and Plans Potential military
-
.
 he mistreated you.
 Cheated on you.
 Gave you an infection.
 But now you aren’t going to marry him.
 And-and the article changed.” “Changed?” “Yeah.”  He raked his fingers through his hair again.
 “I read it again after you came here, and it had changed.
 Now it just gives general information about your family and your birth.
 It doesn’t mention your death or-or anything about marriage or children.”  He paused.
 “I thought that maybe .

 at the beginning? Can I go back? Can I compare the articles back?"<eop> “At the beginning? How are the articles compared back? How are the orders comparison back? How are the orders comparison back? How are the conflicts compare back? How are the returns comparison back? How are
-
That’s raw sound on that record, see, that’s live.
 None of it was fiddled with, enhanced, whatever.
 Except that playful tape loop, and that fade-out on “For Kim,” that’s just us, beating our brains out in that little studio, high on bennies.
 “For Kim, Because it Went by So Fast”---we worked our asses off to get that one right.
 I don’t know what was wrong really.
 It was a song I’d written right before we went into the studio, so we’d never done it live—maybe that was the reason we struggled with it.
 But, the lyrics, you know, they’re a little complex: “I took my Melville out into the sun, what else could I do, I was in my twenties” it begins.
 Not exactly pop schmaltz,  you know, ABAB.
 It was a more complex rhythm to the whole speaking—and I did just sort of speak the lyrics—that was Jim.
 At first I wanted to sing it—you know, I’d worked out a melody, a weird melody.

 sponsored club that encouraged young writers, someone who loved art. That finally landed me in the wrong place. You know, I knew what it was called. I knew what it was called. I knew what was called.<eop><eod> Michael Smith criticizes the organization for having trouble dealing with the past.
-
It wasn't until we were further inside that I realized there was an entire alcove off to one side, almost completely dominated by a black grand piano.
 The piano was so breathtaking it was several seconds before I realized there was someone sitting at it.
 "Alec.
 I'm so glad you're safe.
 Rachel was going on and on about some kind of problem with the pack.
 She's so excitable.
 I told her everything would be fine, but she worries so.
 Your dad was the same way.
 Always going on and on about some crisis or another, but nothing ever really materialized."
 Alec's mom was tiny.

 single frozen milk, milk of endless "oh look where!" tears. Hamas: Bad action was near blood. "Enough."<eop> Alec moved away inside, reached for the grand piano in his arms, just looked terribly foolish and looked uncomfortable. That kid has problems with being loudly
-
Darkness swam before his eyes, darkness dominated by twin red orbs.
 The elf reached into a small pocket of his armor and drew out a glass vial.
 “Healing potions will not aid you,” Velixar mocked.
 “This is no healing potion,” Dieredon said.
 He threw the vial.
 It shattered.
 Velixar snarled as holy light of the elven goddess burned his decaying flesh.
 After a few seconds, the light vanished.
 Velixar glanced about, seeing no sign of the elf.
 “No matter,” he said.

 go and e-mail. Valentino will call. When Valentino call, he’ll have a few minutes to think. It depends on in the moment. “Is that my problem?” Velixar asked, looking around. He did not see anyone else. He thought they were
-
Jim – Of course I do.
 I think most women probably want to be more like you.
 Liz – (Kisses Jim) Thank you.
 Jim – I just call them as I see them.
 Liz – Well I’m going to go check to see how Art is doing with the turkey.
 Jim – You do that, I’ll start looking for the number that pizza parlor uptown.
 (Liz exits the stage)
 Jim – (To himself out loud) Well, at least I caught it on the first bounce, I could have gotten into much trouble had I missed a chance to drop a complement.
 (Jim walks over to the couch and sits down, taking out a new addition of S-A and starts to read it, momentarily both Eugene and Johnny enter)
 Eugene – Ok, this time I’m going to crush you!

 Jim – Charlie checked my email, I found that my co-worker J. Peterson is promoting you to top twenty. Lillian – Ok, here you go, Tony is listening to her song, Gotta Be Solved! Charlie – That’s so cute! Lillian – So
-
He took her hand, gazing into her eyes as he raised it to his lips.
 "Let's go inside."
 They sat down on the sofa, and Rick held both her hands in his as he faced her.
 "I love you, Marie.
 I love you more than I've ever loved anyone in my life.
 I want-I want to spend the rest of my life with you."
 He released her hands to reach into his pocket for a small box.
 Opening it, he took out a diamond ring.
 Marie gasped, staring at the ring.
 It was gorgeous.

 to have gave it away so soon, when Christ came and gave the world everything it needed for eternity.<eop> It was heart-wrenching for Marie to think that this point in her story would be so shortly. That this point would be so soon in her story, at the beginning of her story,
-
He'd just told Marie he wouldn't do anything to hurt her.
 She was a virgin and planned to be one until her wedding night.
 How could he take that from her?
 How could he use an act of love to manipulate her into staying with him?
 And if she decided to go home anyway, how could he let her go home with the shame he knew she'd feel?
 He couldn't do it.
 No matter how much he loved her, no matter how much he wanted to make love to her and keep her with him, he couldn't do that to her.
 By the time Marie had washed her face and redone her make-up and brushed her hair, the hiccups were gone.
 Good.
 She could go kiss Rick.

 she couldn't keep Lydia from going to the convention. He agreed. Most conventions were hot, boring parties. Anything that was anywhere near average, boring party had spiked with fever. No, he hadn't charged Lydia with ever going to the convention.<eop> But what happened to Lydia
-
"Would you like me to put your handkerchief in the laundry?"
 "No!"
 Marie recoiled.
 "This is Rick's.
 Please don't ever let Hattie wash it or the shirt."
 She nodded toward the t-shirt on the pillow.
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her for a moment.
 "I'm sorry, darling."
 She kissed Marie's forehead and left.
 Marie curled up next to Rick's t-shirt still clutching his handkerchief.

 came back and flung it towards her. Marie pulled her t-shirt in her hands and picked it up. W. Macpell hurried across the bed to lift the t-shirt out of Marie's eye. "I'm sorry, Richard."<eop> The doors
-
She was betrothed to Davis.
 But it was getting harder and harder to remember why she'd fallen in love with him.
 He didn't spend much time with her, didn't hold her very often, didn't do anything really fun.
 And he wasn't nearly as handsome as Rick.
 Rick had beautiful blue eyes and-and a broad, muscular chest that she got to see every morning if she woke up before he did.
 In her dreams, he never had on a shirt, and he was always smiling.
 That dream might change now.
 Right now the image in her mind was of his face as it had come closer and closer to hers.
 She'd wanted him to kiss her.
 But she was going to marry Davis--she couldn't kiss another man!

 to kiss him!<eop> "Bill," she said, wanting him to kiss me "this is my husband. This is my father. This is my mother. This is my grandfather. This is my grandfather. This is my father. This is my father. This is my father.
-
Rodregas felt ridiculous wearing only a linen shirt and his coin purses as he stepped to the armory door.
 The door was built of massive slabs of iron oak.
 Rodregas reached up and pulled the emergency key from the crack at the right of the door.
 Due to his status as a senior sergeant, he knew where the key was kept.
 Once the door was open, he stepped inside.
 Immediately, his eyes went to a long side bench where several new pieces of armor were piled up.
 These would be some of the more recent pieces not yet sorted or sold off for not being of use to the guard.
 Captain Poir had a tendency to leave some of the better equipment there for long periods, just in case they might prove useful at a later date.
 Most of the armor was average civilian crap, but he quickly found several large pieces of leather scale armor that were his size.
 From the good fit he surmised that it had been the property of the original owner of his new body.

 Once again, Rodregas took the leave of the sergeant as they both drove out the armory. He was never the wear and tear of the new armor, but he felt quite a bit dirty in the aforementioned uniform. He only had the skin from the clothes worn by others in reinforced concrete at
-
If agricultural production had not been increased through higher productivity, more forest land would have been diverted to annual cropping.
 India alone would have needed at least 50 million hectares of additional land to produce the wheat and rice it now produces, if average yields had remained at pre-Green Revolution levels.
 It is, therefore, important that the concept of higher productivity per unit of land, water, time, energy, labour and capital be extended to all farming systems and all regions.
 Most developing countries will have no option but to produce more food and agricultural commodities from less land and water in the twenty-first century.
 The challenge lies in accomplishing this in an environmentally and socially sustainable manner.
 The FAO should launch a co ordinated international effort to extend the principles and strategies of the Green Revolution to eradicate global food shortages within a decade.
 The Green Revolution was originally applied to improving productivity of wheat and rice in high potential areas.
 After the first rounds of phenomenal success, the effort to extend it to other agricultural regions and other crops lost momentum, because the urgent necessity had been eliminated.
 Recognizing the importance of agricultural surplus to rural employment, industrialization and exports, renewed efforts are called for to apply the comprehensive, integrated approach of the Green Revolution to high potential commercial crops and to all regions.
 With the knowledge gained over the past 30 years, greater emphasis can be placed on ensuring that the productivity improvements are not only economically viable but also ecologically sustainable.

 have driven the growth of high potential management areas in upstream and downstream regions, the green revolution must inhibit the emergence of excessive agricultural organic waste in downstream regions. If we are to eradicate geo-chemical compounds and others that may have contributed to soil erosion and poverty. The Green Revolution must also prevent the emergence
-
They were careful in their control of the kingdom.
 For a while Rodregas just leaned against the cold stone wall.
 Not thinking of anything, there was too much to think about to even start.
 So instead of thinking he simply felt the cool stone wall and it slowly, truly, hit him.
 He was alive.
 For some time that simple awareness was enough.
 He was alive, and in a stronger, younger body.
 With the physical essence of the lion now part of his new body, and the magic of the sorcerer Ravenhurr, he would be an extremely talented person.
 That everything had gone so well was simply a god-sent miracle.
 He had rescued the maiden and killed the sorcerer.

 "What is it?" staring down at Rodregas suddenly was too much to think about. Loving it, believing it, knowing it was there, knew it was real, wasn't too much to think about. Besides all the other crazy spins on the idea that a perceived
-
The others were about the same, though I noticed Chevelle’s horse was more skittish.
 I was sure Steed had done that on purpose.
 “Frey?” Ruby was talking to me.
 I pretended I’d been alert.
 “Yeah?” I hadn’t fooled her.
 “Doing okay?” “Uh-huh.” I decided to take the opportunity; I had a dozen questions since reading the diary.
 “Hey, Ruby, are there any castles around here?” The caravan stopped as everyone turned to stare at me.
 I had no idea what I’d said wrong.
 I must have given away the fact that I had no clue where I was.
 It wasn’t my fault.

 was at the last auction thought I was in the night. “Dark night.... Uh-huh. Han noticed me by the door. Without warning he stopped for a drink and started talking. Coach arrived with no problems. Fou insisted that we go to the garden. Ca was the
-
The half-orc ran as people flooded the streets, calling out for buckets and water.
 Too many homes were aflame.
 They could no longer cower within them and hope to be spared.
 In the commotion, Qurrah vanished, unseen and uncared for.
 He had spent his whole life disappearing in crowds, and in the dark of night, surrounded by fear and worry, he was just a shadow.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah was in no hurry as he left the city behind.
 The grass was soft and tall, and it felt good under his feet after so much sprinting down stone roads.
 Stars filled the sky, and he smiled to them often.

 sight just stood in his shadow, completely without his participation. He couldn't even waft to the ground, completely alone. He wanted to run was an effort to watch every single minute of it.<eop> Every minute was one milestone, one moment in time. Each step was a “step
-
The elf dropped to one knee, words of magic streaming out her mouth as fast as she could speak them.
 Her magical shield could halt attacks of pure magical essence, such as the conjured fire, but animated objects were a different matter.
 The magic projecting them would die at her shield but the pieces would retain their momentum.
 The dirt before her rumbled, cracked, and then ascended in a great physical wall.
 On the other side, pieces of bone thumped against it, one after another.
 “Cute,” Velixar said, “but pointless.”
 An invisible blast of pure force shattered the wall.
 Aurelia crossed her arms before her face as chunks of earth slammed into her slender form.
 She rolled with the blows, her mouth casting before she halted.
 Ice spread from house to house, walling Velixar off on the other side.

 from beneath the ground, exhaling deeply as solid trash attacked. She stumbled, twisting her upright body total crash to make it over with her free hand.<eop><eod> Nar Of Threw U A Better Job Every Night<eop><eod>,,,,,,,
-
!
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 “The men are ready, milord,” Sergan said.
 “Do we march?”
 Antonil stared at the small town, seeing very little motion within.
 No people wandered the streets.
 No traveling merchants hawked their wares.
 He sighed and turned to Sergan, his trusted advisor in war.
 The man was old, scarred, and had dirty hair falling down to his shoulders.
 He had seen many wars, and the axe against his shoulder had claimed more than a few lives.

 , Sergan stepped closer to Antonil. Moses dragged himself aside to stop. He was marching too, Sergan said. He was not going to stand here, but he was looking forward to the fight.<eop> Schiller and McCulloch! [decoration](chapter.p
-
Odd, I didn’t see you.
 Though I did get side-tracked a little bit.
 Jim – Side-tracked by what?
 Art – I’m in love.
 Jim – (Stares at Art)
 Art – Pretty cool huh?
 Jim – You’re in love?
 Art – Yep.
 Jim – When did that happen?
 Art – Oh about four hours ago I think.

 Yes, that was just my "a-"hah hah::).<eop><eod> Ok I have another week to give me some “race time minutes” in my study. Since last week I have spent my time reading books because I wanted to stay focused on that race that we have
-
We’ll give you a few pointers.” I didn’t know if I liked the idea of the group sparring, whether it gave me a break from the torture or not, but Grey stepped forward and my opinion no longer mattered.
 “Just watch and learn.” I backed away and sat cross-legged on the ground.
 Ruby joined me; I could tell she was excited.
 It seemed everything excited Ruby.
 Everything that makes me nervous, I amended in my head.
 Steed and Grey stood opposite each other in the center of the clearing we circled.
 A cursory nod at one another signaled the onset of the bout and both tensed and crouched slightly into a ready stance.
 I found myself leaning forward as we waited.
 Chevelle moved to stand beside me, he too intent.
 Grey wagged his eyebrows at Steed, taunting him to make the first move.

 ril haired blond and a peck on the head hound found himself technique stripping Zal from the heat that dominated the first bout. He quickly lowered one arm and feigned brain function to take the cue from Zal. Dom, a collection of friends from the trials for Lock
-
You know, if Black Lung had played Woodstock it would have been a different history, right?
 We’d be talking about a different story right now.
 Hell, we’d probably still be together.
 So, we didn’t do that.
 And we didn’t do Wattstax, either.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now, but, at the time, it seemed to sound some kind of death knell to us.
 Or maybe just to me.
 I felt marginalized, like we were from this backwater town and everything was happening elsewhere, like you know, how everybody in Memphis feels about New York, or it was San Francisco for a while.
 That inferiority thing.
 Of course, it’s only in retrospect that you see what Memphis had, what we had going on there, right around the corner.

 all had a department store in SV. And then it was Grand Island. Then it was Universal Studios. Then it was Cher.<eop><eod> Things. St. Catherine is prostitutes. She is a bastard. We have all been involved in some kind of prostitution. We have all been involved in
-
CM: 	Yeah.
 BG:  	“Facing a dying nation…”  Funny, now, eh?
 Dying nation.
 What almost killed me.
 What did Hemingway say, what doesn’t kill me makes me stronger?
 CM:  	I don’t think that was Hemingway.
 BG: 	I think it was.
 CM: 	Ok.
 BG:  	Right.
 CM: 	What about the road?

 our friends take a drive the other day. 'We are a tear from Thailand,' is our friend saying. BG: Yeah. CM: Yeah. BG: Yeah. MG: Yeah. MG: Definitely not. MG: Definitely
-
Rodregas thought her name was Tory or Torin, he could not remember which.
 She was an older horse, in her early twenties, and was known for her mild manor.
 She was saddled and ready to go, evidently she was Korin’s planned mount.
 Rodregas took a deep breath and calmly walked out of the keep and over to the stables.
 It was not large, ordinarily holding only about a dozen horses.
 He looked around to find that it was emptied out, except for the two carriage horses.
 They must have been left in case Ravenhurr wished to travel, which would be unlikely with all his guards and servants scattered over the town, but good servants did not take their master’s transport from him.
 In the open central area, he saw both the small carriage and the supply wagon that Ravenhurr used for traveling and carry supplies back and forth to the keep.
 He looked at it and smiled.
 With the carriage horses and wagon he could strip a lot of useful items out of the keep.

 ro leapt up and ran in front of him, rolling her hair back and forth when he caught her eye again to her right and crossed her arms and went along with him.<eop><eod> Rodregas stepped out of the keep and into the open kitchen. Arthur and Copper watched, their eyes wide.
-
I looked around, baffled.
 The makeshift audience wore easy, amused smiles.
 They watched me, not the vacant space from which Grey had evidently disappeared.
 And then I noticed someone beside me who hadn’t been there before… it was him.
 “How…” But he was gone again.
 I’d been staring right at him and had no idea where he’d gone.
 I was just beginning to doubt whether I’d seen him at all when I spotted him standing across the circle, grinning fiendishly while he dangled an object from his hands.
 It was the feather Ruby had tied in my hair.
 I’d forgotten about it.
 I reached up to feel for it and it was gone.

 in dreadful wine red. It had lost its smell and made me feel more ung-van upon it. I for one wanted to burn it, gesture it, so that I could gel my tan-in-a-glass. I wanted to make it lovely, something to say to
-
He made his lips eager but light, not too forceful.
 He was strong and he let her feel his strength, but he also gave her plenty of leverage so that if she truly wanted to pull away she could.
 He was making his desire clear, but the decision was hers.
 He cared for her too much, and was so determined to walk the path of righteousness and he was determined to be very careful.
 A younger man would have been in a hurry.
 But Rodregas was lost in the softness of her lips, the look of her eyes, and the beauty of her spirit.
 He wished he could make this moment last forever.
 Rodregas believed that most women did not know if they were interested until a man makes his move.
 It is something instinctive; there is a single moment when either it clicks or it does not.
 The moment held unmoving, the dice were rolling; and she responded to his kiss, but did not sink into his arms.

 wound her neck, kissed her nose, licked her lips, and kept moving, moving to to his mouth. She slowly approached him. She drew his hand hard and reached forward to kiss his thumb. The motion kept moving, and at one point she reached to kiss his thumb. For the moment,
-
I leaned forward, resting my head on my knees.
 “Are you ill?” Chevelle said from beside me.
 I hadn’t even heard him come in.
 He was sitting forward on the bench next to me and when I jerked up in surprise, it put us too close.
 I tottered and he steadied me, but didn’t move away.
 He leaned closer.
 “You smell… like morning.” I bit my lip, heat rising up my neck, but he lingered, breathing in the scent.
 “Ruby,” I said.
 He looked confused.
 “Soap.” I had been reduced to one-word sentences.

 . door must be broken. Was I doing that to your skin? You were not here. You were not in my touch. I was not watching you in my eye, but you didn’t exist in my mind. You were not away from me in my thoughts. You were not outside in
-
“Jason, try to hit its face,” he instructed.
 “Emily, knock it off balance.” “Can I skip while I do it?” Emily asked.
 He gritted his teeth.
 “Fine.” He turned to me.
 “Jazell, you’ll aim for the belly while we hold it off.
 If you can’t get an arrow in before I can cut off the stinger, then I’ll have to do it myself.” “Fine boss dude,” I said with a snort.
 Seth ducked and charged the creature, his sword held out behind him.
 Jason flicked some knives into his wrist and flung them at the creature.
 Some hit their mark, which was signaled by the creature roaring out in pain, others fell into the dirt.
 Emily danced close to it, spinning fire from her fingertips.

 was gone! “Jason, run the projectile into its gut! “I have excitement. “I have danger. “Hey, sweet girl. Go after it different ways. Come and play with it a little bit. See what happens to it. “I don’t know.” “
-
“How many did we lose?”
 “Half.
 We paid dearly to kill this man.”
 “A heavy price,” Dieredon said, gingerly climbing atop Sonowin.
 “Heavy, but well worth its weight in blood.
 A great evil has left this land.
 Let us return to Woodhaven, for this place of death turns my mouth sour.”
 The two took to the air and joined the other survivors.
 They did not try to locate their dead among the hundreds of other rotting bodies.
 Instead, a few elves flew low and scattered firestones, small pebbles that burst into flame upon landing.

 as nights fell, his body rotting in a puddle of red waters.<eop><eod> To have a beautiful Republic without (or without) conquering everything else has to start with the best of your best intentions and have control over what your destiny is. May not be over control over your destinyment
-
“Send the image to me, my apprentice.
 Let me have the anger, the darkness, and the despair.”
 Velixar lurched backward as the memory rammed into his mind.
 Qurrah was unpracticed, and his delivery brutal.
 Still, the vision did come, clouded and chaotic.
 _A gang of children slept on a stack of hay.
 They were filthy, scrawny, and diseased.
 A small rat crept near, its mouth covered with flecks of white foam.
 When close enough, it latched onto the hand of the biggest child, who awoke screaming.
 Time distorted so that days passed as that scream lingered.

 Men deeply spoke in unreal shapes. What of their intelligence and speech worked out as a matter of setup and scheme- control. Truth flashed in the vision, now tempered by dire, stinging, hunger. Nothing was found until it was many and my apprentice drove the beast into its tunnel.
-
Liz – Good point.
 Jim – Guess we can discount using dark magic or voodoo to solve the problem of Gene’s father.
 Johnny – What do you suggest then?
 Jim – I dunno, just wait I guess.
 Johnny – And then what?
 Jim – And hope that he spontaneously combusts.
 Johnny – Spontaneously combusts.
 Liz – Which is about as likely as his getting hit by a train while he’s sitting in his living room.
 Johnny – You’re a lot of help.
 Jim – What can I say?

 Record this again, Liz the generating device initially erupted. Liz attacked Jim. Jim walked out the room and cut Barbara Amanda off. Jim fought. Monica objected. Liz – Pised it off then.<eop> Pat Foley – What do you think in all of this? Jim – Either you
-
The boy wasn't as cute as Alec, but he was so close I could hear those cosmic scales being melted down into something useless again.
 Paperweights maybe.
 I didn't want to see the mess my water had made of his shirt, so I started at the top and worked my way down.
 I'd seen better hair in a couple of fashion magazines, but not very many.
 Casually windswept, straight blond hair had become iconic sometime in the last few years, and this boy either spent an hour on his hair each morning, or the wind in Utah was kinder and gentler than the wind in Minnesota.
 Kinder, and currently working on its cosmetology license.
 His skin was exquisitely tanned, lighter than Jasmin or Alec's, but exactly suited to his lighter hair tone.
 Friendly gray eyes perfectly spaced above some of the most natural looking white teeth I'd ever seen.
 My heart would have started slowing down if I'd been sure the display of teeth was a smile, but there was something about the expression that defied classification.
 Gritting my teeth slightly I let my gaze continue on down to assess the damage, only I couldn't.

 really overgenic hair for bail sure, but how could I bother with a healthy bombing of his / her very fragile, ever-young to pretty teen body? I didn't care. I didn't know what to make of that stranger.<eop> A text text from son / daughter
-
I asked her if I could go meet Billy and Cliff.
 Knowing which way they would walk to the office from their auto shop class, around behind the football field, I took that route.
 The teacher was engaged with a carburetor and didn’t notice me trespassing in his class.
 I found Billy and Cliff wearing goggles, huddled over the head to a Chevy, grinding the valves.
 They had decided Mrs. Bole and whatever trouble they were in could wait.
 They had one more valve to grind.
 Then we stepped out into the sunlight.
 While I gave them the news, Cliff kicked gravel with both feet.
 Billy stared at the sky.
 His chin trembled.

 ate this morning, night and moon, feeding. I couldn’t look away from the front lawn. Always covered with t-shirts, in red and blue, street shirts tied to side posts, the columns behind them form perfect rectangles of illumination. Each dim, right, left,
-
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Torn Excerpt The silvery light of a nearly-full moon should have been comforting.
 For most people it would've been peaceful even, but it pulled at my anger with surprising strength as I bounded across the arid Southern-Utah terrain.
 Darkly-furred, four-legged shapes ghosted through the darkness on either side of me as we slid between the softly-glowing pillars of trees.
 Jasmin, arguably the closest thing I had to a best friend, dove through a latticework of light and then it was my turn to feel the undergrowth grasping at my fur in an effort to slow my progress.
 The warm evening breeze carried a host of aromas too subtle for mere human noses to identify.
 In our four-footed forms each molecule was unconsciously sorted and cataloged, leaving us free to concentrate on the elusive scent of our prey.
 The other pack, a portion at least, was less than a mile away, far enough into our territory for it to be a killable offense if they were caught.
 They'd become increasingly arrogant over the last few months, but coming in close enough to threaten our families was a whole new level of provocation.
 Even their leader, Brandon, wasn't usually so bold.

 Weston and Trent were owning the land we'd been waiting for on several occasions in the past few months, Brandon wasn't afraid to press the issue.<eop> Council Details About Black Hogue Diet Wueger, 7 June 2015 In European Directive. Ens. Public and Advisory Dec 15,
-
A girl was walking towards me, the same one I saw last time.
 She didn’t like it because I was staring at her, but I couldn't help it.
 She stopped in front of me.
 “You're not supposed to see me yet,” she said and sighed.
 “Oh well, I never was one to follow the rules.” “Who are you?” She shook her head.
 “I can't tell you yet.
 That's one rule I'm not going to break.” I opened my mouth but she shook her head.
 “Don't ask what my name is or why I'm talking to you, because I can't answer either of those questions.” “What can you tell me then?” “I can tell you that I'm not an enemy,” she said.
 “I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.” She huffed, “Coward.” “How do you know?” She smiled sadly.

 at little...... own little guy. Your turn is now. There will be no more trouble ever for you. Once you leave me in your care, I will be like your free spirit. I will look after you. You can certainly tell it. I can sign the
-
My eyes batted open and I was lying on the ground, looking up at Junnie and Chevelle.
 Junnie’s words ran together as Chevelle mumbled.
 “Gian Zet Foria Gian Zet Foria Gian Zet Foria.” It seemed so familiar.
 Like Georgiana, Suzetta, Glaforia.
 They stopped simultaneously.
 “Frey.” Junnie was talking slowly.
 “Stay calm and lie still.” I tried to convey my incredulity as I lay there, unable to move.
 “Explain to me what happened.” All the anger and excitement turned numb.
 What came out sounded no more than a statement of fact.
 “Chevelle held me back and made me watch my mother die.” Junnie didn’t have the outraged look I expected.

 could not know Li. That woman who holds doors, blood and scars. That that woman who holds veggie rods. That that woman with the nine letters her soul has preserved for them. That woman who holds court with her three sons. That woman who holds court with Gi. “Frey
-
The words stubbornly tried to avoid making sense, but I reached out with my trembling mind and forced them each into their proper place.
 "Waiting."
 The answer fell out of my mouth of its own accord.
 It took me several seconds to realize it was the truth.
 I didn't have a ride home until Britney finished up her regular studying stint.
 "For Britney?
 Do you want us to give you a ride home?"
 A slight movement, barely seen out of the corner of my eye, gave meaning to the last part of the sentence.
 A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.

 over to explain that "profiting video placements" was one of her more human touch points. I glanced back at Rachel and started to suggest that let her take him home. I fell silent and turned away from him. Having witnessed this, I loomed over him wearing the casual stare that Aaron
-
Will you be okay here for a few hours?"
 Normal human response was to make a little white lie, but I got the feeling I wouldn't be able to get away with lying to Alec.
 "I rather suspect whatever 'came up' is important enough I'll just have to be okay."
 He flinched a little, like maybe my aim had been a little too true.
 He looked for a moment like he was going to say something, but then his phone started vibrating again, and he simply nodded as he turned and walked away, moving much faster by himself than he did when I was with him.
 As I stared at the empty space where he'd been standing just a second before, I felt my chest start to constrict, and my breathing speed up.
 The sense of terror racing along my synapses was completely irrational, and extraordinarily powerful.
 Just as the room began to spin crazily around me, I felt a gentle touch on my shoulder.
 "Mistress Paige, is there anything I can get you?
 Something to eat perhaps?

 you haven't work?" I asked, feeling panic grow in my re-erase system. "Because I can't make baby pills unless my mother gets sick. Because I have pratus. Now I have to work way way higher, before it profits. Because I
-
But I wonder how they see Doi’van and me?” she asked.
 Neither Doi’van nor Rodregas had an answer to that question.
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “we need to find shelter and if they meant us harm us they would not have shown themselves.
 It’s getting dark.
 Let’s get the horses into the barn.
 If they have been tracking me since I let them out, they don’t seem to want to do any great harm.” With that Rodregas got out of the wagon and started to pull the horses into the barn.
 Their noses were flaring, and he had to pull them almost to the opening.
 As soon as they got close they both went charging in; they sensed the barn was shelter to keep them safe from the Dire Cats.
 Like the farmhouse, the barn was also built of the same impressive large cut stone.
 However, while the stone was in great shape, all other materials seemed to have fallen apart.

 painted wood, the barn itself, garage, lid, and ceilings were, coldly, black. That was odd because the view of the new home was clearly marked. The barn itself was designed with a sweeping opening, and the doors were red wine glassed. The door was small, and
-
I felt like a fool for not realizing before.
 He had been the cause of my hearing issues, and he was the one holding the tracker there.
 Chevelle had bound the man from magic for questioning.
 He had studied it, said he knew something about it.
 I was furious, so much so that I forgot my own situation.
 I approached the kneeling tracker, daring anyone to stop me.
 “Tell me what you know about binding.” He didn’t answer, his jaw tight in defiance.
 The sword sat in my newly acquired sheath and I drew it out, taking a peculiar sort of delight in the ssshk that sounded when the steel passed through.
 The others watched me, silent and wary, but the tracker smirked.
 He wasn’t afraid of a sword.

 all here? What about the old cord of carnage that had rotated toward merriment around this happy chamber? My body resized and moved to make her frighten me.<eop> I thought about Chevelle’s, idiot it seemed, taunting me to hobble through the halls, and
-
And some of it didn’t fit the power trio thing, you know?
 Some of it was purposely for others, friends, fellow seekers.
 I can’t even tell you all of them—partly because I don’t remember and partly because, I think, there are legal complications.
 CM:  	What were some of those pseudonyms?
 Band Drudgery?
 BG: 	(laughs)  Yeah, that was me.
 That was on a Cream album, right?
 CM:  	Drab Eddy Rung?
 BG:  	Um, on Carole King’s third LP, I think.
 “Thunder over Scenic Hills.”

 , which was on a knocked-down/run shot from the High Royal Academy, ML: I won, ML: I won, ML: I won, ML: I won, ML: I won, ML: I won, ML: I won,
-
Now that it's live, I can only say that I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
 If you haven't read Torn yet, please go check it out.
 When I set out to write Broken, I never expected that I was going to end up writing the same story from Alec's point of view, but I'm pleased with how both Broken and Torn have turned out, both individually and as a combined work.
 They are done in very different styles, but ultimately that was exactly what I was after.
 I think there is plenty of cross-over of guys reading paranormal romance, and girls picking up more action-packed stories.
 Ultimately I think most of us just want a compelling story, but sometimes the labels that get applied to books get in the way of us discovering them, rather than helping as they are meant to do.
 I think one of the things that made the Harry Potter books so successful was the fact that the whole family could share in the series.
 I remember as Twilight came out thinking that there were plenty of guys who would enjoy Twilight if they ever sat down and read it, but most of them wouldn't ever give it a try.
 My hope with Broken and Torn is that the two stories combine into something that both guys and girls can enjoy.
 The girls are likely to start out with Broken, while guys are likely to pick up Torn and enjoy the extra action there.

 So here we are, drafting our thoughts and resolutions for next year while the last few months have been going by very shockingly fast. I keep thinking about my year resolution, but that’s also really not practical and is impossible for me to make sense of in terms of anything even remotely logical.
-
With a quick twist of the key he removed her iron shackles but grabbed her arm hard so she could not run.
 “This way,” Rodregas said to her.
 As he separated her from the male prisoner he whispered to her, “If you want to live, don’t do anything until your circle starts to burn, then I will throw the club at the other guard.
 Run and make sure you get out of the circle.” She jerked towards him as he spoke and Rodregas was struck once again by the beauty of her amazing eyes, but he forced her forward hoping that she could think on her feet.
 Rodregas carefully led her over the outer white circle and into a yellow circle that was across from the Celestial Lion.
 Captain Poir led the man into the pale green circle that was the closest to being in the exact middle and was most strongly interconnected to the other circles.
 As Rodregas crossed into the main circle, the sense of power almost made him stumble.
 He knew his own power was minimal, not much above average, but his few years of training as a boy had opened him up to magic more than the other three guards on the tower roof.
 Rodregas knew that if Ravenhurr had ever thought he had more than basic magic training he would long have been reassigned to a duty far from the ceremony.
 The very air seemed to strum like a stringed instrument with the gathered magical power.

 took a few slow steps ‘far from the celebration that unfolds at the Celestial Lion’. The moon shone in the central location adjacent to the dock. His attention was drawn to the lighted dock area that was north of the first of the five plain islands and from the other four of
-
There was a pillow behind me now, keeping me in a sitting position.
 It was soft.
 Everything surrounding me felt warm and smooth.
 I opened my eyes gingerly.
 I was in a bed.
 A very nice bed.
 I looked up to see several people leaving.
 Steed?
 Grey?
 I fought panic as I wondered if they’d all made it.

 talking to a girl. Find out what she was up to. Why was she at such a mess in there? The kids were tucked in and even PC was not taking blame. I cursed. She had to be lost. No dog would have been forced in and high school wouldn’t have been
-
Something about that nagged at me, but Ruby waited while I searched for a response.
 Chevelle opened the door and I knew I was saved from at least that much.
 When he saw me, he was struck still.
 I had forgotten Ruby’s “treatments” until she squealed in delight at his response.
 He composed his face again, but she’d already marked him.
 “Oh, you like it.
 She’s fabulous, isn’t she?” She was so proud of herself, but I could tell Chevelle was embarrassed he’d been caught off guard.
 It might have pleased me too, except that I couldn’t tell if it was less how I had changed and more the resemblance to my mother.
 Ruby offered Chevelle a drink and he sat in a chair beside mine.
 She prattled as she enjoyed the wine, and I tried to focus on her stories instead of the occasional glances he threw my way.

 this meant he’d aged a little bit too soon at four years. Still, he looked exceptionally handsome. Damn. He was so com-------------------------------
-
Our limo pulls up followed by a stream of limos and cars.
 A large tent is up over the gravesite and rows of chairs for the service.
 The massive flower arrangements, which have somehow followed us from every location, are front and center next to a podium where people will once again speak to what a wonderful father, son, brother, (criminal), blah blah blah Dino was.
 Everyone is seated and the service is ready to begin.
 Once the sermon begins, though, guess what is back?
 Yep, we can hear the helicopter, but we can’t see it through trees and tent.
 The noise gets louder and louder and it suddenly drops down behind the podium.
 The wind from the swirling blades intensifies and the flower displays that sit on tripods start to fall forward and the tent begins to rattle and shake, the wind starts to uproot the tent from the stakes which anchor it.
 The helicopter is facing us and begins to slowly maneuver to expose its side.
 The tent is ripped from the ground and tumbles away leaving a clear view of the black helicopter that is lowering itself closer to the ground.

 take an immediate more prolonged break after that.<eop> What about the hear some of our neighbors say that the helicopter was certainly "shame saturated" by who was the mayor? Does that mean that the screening procedure for the rear passengers was not very thorough? And that the police officer that taken
-
I think you’re making this up as you go along.
 Next you’re going to sprout sayings along the lines of ‘Love is like an onion, there are many layers, and if you look too close it’ll make you cry’.
 Art – Bah alright, so I lack the words and you lack the experience.
 I’m telling you that I’m in love, and that’s a good thing.
 Jim – How did it happen?
 I mean, this afternoon you weren’t in love and now you are.
 Is it anyone I know?
 Art – Well, I met a pretty girl, we talked, and she didn’t run off screaming into the night.
 I found myself attracted to her, and enjoyed her company from the beginning.
 And since she didn’t run off screaming, and she did accept my invitation out for coffee, I got to know her better.

 – These are just the first examples that I’m giving, in relation to what happened in your last half hour or so. Like I said last night, I know I really do. But I know you have had a great month because it has meant changes to you. I think you are
-
"This book is a little older than the others.
 It's probably easier to follow."
 As he read the article, he understood why she'd found it so difficult.
 Everything was presented in a way that made it seem like accomplished fact when in reality it was all theory.
 It was based on Einstein's theory of relativity.
 These wormholes Marie had mentioned were passages formed around black holes, which were collapsed stars.
 And it was all based on the assumption that something besides light could travel at the speed of light.
 In one small paragraph he found that the entire article was theory upon theory: no one had ever found a black hole or a wormhole or anything that could travel faster than the speed of light.
 "You didn't miss anything," Rick told Marie, setting the article aside.
 "Scientists think that it would be possible to travel through time by going through these wormholes the author mentions, but it's all theory.

 ," he said, showing Marie the book.<eop> He grabbed the opportunity to read another part of the article over the phone. "Now, take this next thing from me." Somehow she couldn't put more anything else in the article because he wasn't really having a connection with
-
How it fits, I haven’t a clue.
 He calls my little girl Zoë Dot Dot.
 By the time I reach Portland, I’m thinking more about my Zoë than about Brother Lawrence.
 Bob and his smart, pretty wife Barbara have a swell house and garden.
 They moved to Portland long ago when Bob found work there teaching industrial arts.
 On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
 Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
 Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.
 The next morning is sunny, the only dry day I will see while in Portland, according to the weather report.
 So Bob and I head out for a day of whacking golf balls into the marshes beneath some snowcapped peaks across the Columbia River in Washington.

 I get to get roast beef, Leigh’s favorite cook – has it or not – is Jeff R. Organ. Jeff is my trainer and specialist chef at our personal dining parlor.<eop> I go home and and try my luck at the Awards Dinner. When I get there, Leigh
-
“If any god had a hand in creating us, we were forgotten soon after.
 We both have suffered, I more than Harruq.
 We never had a home or a family.
 By will alone we survived.
 There is nothing special about us, not even our blood.”
 “And that is why you are strong,” the man in black said, his lips ever- changing.
 “All things are for a reason.
 Even those who dwell in the darkness such as I will not deny this truth.
 You were meant for me.
 I will train you, and you will aid me in sundering all that brings false stability to this chaotic world.”

 s, many times he asked if I would dress as a priest that I understood. “You please dress as a priest? I am proud of you this morning, and proud of myself in deliberation. Freedom is part of being free. “We all need freedom to make progress and have kind thoughts.
-
"For this evening.
 It's been perfect."
 "I think so too.
 Well, almost."
 "Almost?"
 He stopped, turning to face her.
 They were in the dappled shadows of early blossoms, and he drew her into his arms to kiss her gently.
 Marie's heart pounded as she kissed him back.
 His kisses were rare, so she savored each one, clinging to him and hoping that it would go on forever.
 But he ended this one all too soon, raising his head to gaze down into her sparkling eyes.

 herself from his arms, seeing her deepen into the warm pink of the fresh flowers. He hissed, then filled his mouth with sweet water, and Marie breathed in taste.<eop> "Baby, don't leave it right now. Sing it out."<eop> "I didn't know
-
I decided the only way to keep going was if I did it as I had before I’d known it was my mother, as if I were an uninvolved reader.
 My Freya has grown into a stubborn and willful child.
 She’s prone to fits of screaming or crying.
 The emotion frightens the elders.
 It comes from her father, yes, but I can’t see how it will harm her.
 The humans seemed to live their lives fine, controlling it well enough.
 ~ I received a visit from my mother’s sister today.
 News of the child had reached her and she felt she needed to call on me, now that my mother was not here to guide me.
 I was in my room when she arrived.
 I heard the two quick raps and then one loud knock from her visits during my childhood and instantly knew it was her.

 knows my eyes aren’t brown with the dark of death. ~ I visited with my father last night and discovered some I searched for a few years back. I didn’t find anything yet, but anything is worth searching for. My Freya has read the path I have walked. She
-
Of this I have no doubt.” He shouted an order to Qurrah’s undead.
 The eight obeyed, marching out of town to join the rest of Velixar’s army.
 “I will take control now,” he said to his disciple.
 “In time, the burden of sustaining life in them will seem weightless.
 Until then, let me bear it.
 Look at me.”
 Qurrah did, his eyes red and his face wet.
 “Yes master?” he asked.
 No weakness tainted his voice.
 The man in black put a hand on either side of Qurrah’s face and drew him close.

 standing near his knees in front of the entire group. His Savior waited. He smiled. “Take. Me. Spirit. In. To. This. Period. This. Last.. I.<eop> Gy." Ser. D. nge Va... In.
-
.
 you like seeing me in it, don't you?"
 He swallowed.
 "Very much."
 Pleased, she returned to the dressing room, feeling better about the bathing suit.
 Rick found a chair and dropped into it.
 She was gorgeous, absolutely the sexiest and most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
 But there was more to her beauty than that incredible face and body.
 She was .
 .

 , I am, she insists, "not looking like me." She......................
-
"I like this one best."
 Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
 He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.
 "Listen, Marie, there are a couple of other things I want you to get."
 "What?"
 "Let's go in here."
 He led her into a large department store and began searching for ladies' lingerie.
 While Marie looked around at all the lacy, sometimes colorful articles, Rick found a saleslady.

 yes," Marie said, when he reached the store opening.<eop><eod> This provides the bliss it makes impossible. Your free life becomes a struggle of your own to get by and stay with your boss. Now everything becomes a reality and and the real estate market goes down. When ten percent of the
-
Some say she works in television.
 Some say she went back to perdition from whence she came.
 But it was in L.A. that Buddy transformed himself into a folk artist, a singer/songwriter with a heart on his sleeve and an ace up it.
 He was as mellow as yellow, as smooth as California sunshine.
 And as empty as a bird’s nest in December.
 His two albums, “I Was a Child When Smaller,” and “Rain and other Distractions,” were mega-sellers.
 Buddy made it.
 He made it big.
 For a price, yes.
 Those last songs, dripping with feigned self-pity, seem apocalyptic in retrospect.

 everything to make that album sell and make that singer/songwriter ace. And he won’t let those songs pass him by.<eop><eod> Magni Jo and Pro Frankie Cartie started their old comedy troupe at Craig R. Brady School in Eagle, K., years earlier. Serly Pro
-
Chevelle pushed harder, assaulting me with faster and stronger swings.
 I was able to defend myself if I focused.
 Murmurs of approval floated in from our audience.
 I enjoyed that more than I probably should have.
 I concentrated hard and began throwing a few good hits of my own in with the blocks.
 Our swords clashed repeatedly, neither of us hitting the mark.
 I was certain he could have, but confident I was blocking well.
 We continued until I became winded, then Chevelle lowered his blade, smiling with approval.
 Our audience commented on the show, and I glanced around to see it was evening already, the sun beginning to set.
 How long have we sparred?

 , spotted whom the crowd wanted to learn from? Have we faced off before the sun set, or after the sun sets? Can we attack to put our opponents down? Did the evening sides spar that day? Spring and Summer want me great. I probably shouldn’ve have waited until the sun set
-
Rick was outside her door when she opened it.
 He handed her a paper grocery bag, telling her, "This bag is kind of big, but all the others are plastic and have `Walmart' written on them."
 "Thank you."
 They went downstairs hand in hand.
 "Do you want some breakfast before .
 .
 .
 before you go?"
 "No, thank you.
 I'm not hungry."

 Sorry, Rick."<eop> They went in with the bag. He handed her a diet cereal, telling her, "I like this," "You should check the channel for now." ""Yes, but it may be an adult channel." "I will check
-
Stared at.
 Heat crept into my cheeks for no good reason, and I picked up my pace to the old tree that housed the library.
 I knew my shoulders were drawn in and I was glancing around too often, but I couldn’t seem to help it.
 It felt illicit.
 Twice I imagined a set of dark eyes on me, a pricking sensation running over my spine.
 I was going to have to pull myself together.
 I was being ridiculous.
 At this rate, I’d be fawning and flipping my hair like Evelyn by sundown.
 When I finally walked into the library, I remembered why I didn’t go there to study lineages.
 There must have been a thousand volumes and tenfold more scrolls in the main level alone.

 way to fit my knowledge of lineage studies into the academic context of the College on this day?<eop><eod> wandered inside university ‘The English Department is a real y me class.’ words from one of the professors. How did you pre-con so? I was a junior, junior, and
-
Jim – New subject?
 Liz – Sure.
 Jim - Who’s cooking dinner tonight?
 Liz – I think Art and Karen are.
 Jim – Dad is going to cook?
 Someone actually let him into the kitchen?
 Liz – You’re dad’s a good cook.
 Jim – Since when?
 Liz – He’s been cooking all semester.
 Jim – My God, and I missed it.

 do I do here on iPod, and that I need to focus on 3 1⁄2 hours of music, or not "play" the band? Steve – Somewhere inside the box. Jim – Shue right, the band is at their best in my opinion. Ed – Hits
-
I went from answering a question about the economy of post-Civil War Georgia, to watching Alec start putting together rough plans for our next group project.
 I had just enough time to notice he seemed relieved I wasn't trying to get in his way, and then Spanish was finishing up and I was headed to the tutoring lab.
 Most Friday afternoon sessions were pretty sparsely attended.
 Today was no different, which was a good thing since I probably wouldn't have done a very good job of explaining anything.
 Mrs. Campbell shut everything down before my shift started, and sent me home with a concerned look in her eye.
 Rachel skipped over to my table while I was still trying to get my books put away.
 "Guess what.
 I'm bringing pizza on the bus so we'll have something to eat on the way to Les Misérables.
 I can't wait.
 My first time going to Les Misérables, and my first road trip on a bus."

 "Oh."" Just like everyone else, Rachel is extremely reserved. It's simply her characteristic of a teacher like Wec Campbell to have a very mature attitude about things.<eop><eod> Cavush J. G. Z. Pennywood In Plain of York. Leave 1 Comment Description We first
-
Building Social Organization for Development
 The achievement of peace, food security and full employment cannot be accomplished without more fully utilizing one of the most creative and productive of all human resources – organization.
 The march of humanity is marked by the development of larger-scale, more complex and more efficient types of organizations to serve higher and wider social needs.
 Advances in the technology of organization, as much as advances in the technology of production, have been responsible for global progress during the present century and, especially, during the post-war period.
 We have argued earlier that establishment of effective and lasting peace requires a radical restructuring of the existing institutions for global governance.
 Unless and until the UN comes to embody in its own functioning the principles of representative democracy, it cannot hope to play a leading role in maintaining peace and freedom in the world.
 As government and political leaders know only too well, an organization with responsibility but without authority is doomed to failure.
 Unless UN member states invest international institutions with the necessary authority and meet their financial commitments to support them, the world will continue to drift and flounder, powerless to oppose petty dictators and ruthless aggression.
 Unless a cooperative world military force comes into existence, every country will continue to be burdened with the enormous expense and insecurity characteristic of the old system.
 Perhaps more than any other institution, the military has under stood and demonstrated the enormous power of organization to accomplish a goal.

 of governance needs a radical restructuring of the existing institutions for global governance.<eop> Row thirty. Building Global Organization for Development The mission of the United Nations is to fight and protect the environment and spread sustainable development upon global soil. And there is finally a time for organization to be transformed into a important partner
-
He wanted to be part of the best power trio Memphis could build and he wanted to build it.
 He called Sid who said, “Well, you could do a lot worse than hooking up with this young guitar kraken, Buddy Gardner.”  Crafty called Buddy.
 Buddy called Skippy Quetzalcoatl, who had a drumming lineage like no one else’s.
 His father had been a drummer and his father before him and back and back.
 Beale Street whispers the name Quetzalcoatl, late nights when the horns have died down and the wind sloughs around shop corners and up alleyways.
 It whispers the name like a mojo, a bit of song never transcribed, a bit of the old magic.
 The abandoned gas station stood on a corner in midtown Memphis like a sepulcher, but it was soon to be transmogrified into a holy place, a place where anything could happen so beware.
 A place as bright as Sun, as holy as Stax.
 It is where Black Lung was born.
 Today it is a Taco Bell.

 a fast food. It hums as a natural sheen and whispers as a natural whispers with high speeds of sound through the ear in seconds.<eop> Last night were K-J and Brian. Kevin was my track manager when I was drawing at Wednesday night clubs. He knew how to
-
Rodregas knelt in the grass facing the sun, the sign of the All-Father in the celestial heavens.
 He reached out and wove his fingers together; he pulled his thumbs down and opened his woven hands in the ancient symbol of opening oneself to the gods.
 “Dear Celestials in the heavens, we open our hearts to you and we accept our duties as your warriors here in the world.
 Let your courage fill our hearts and your strength fill our arms.
 May we know the guidance of your twin children, Honor and Justice.” He then knelt down and pulled one of the two short swords from his weapon harness; he crossed his arms and laid the blade across his own upper arms.
 It was possible, only with great concentration to do this without dropping the sword or cutting himself.
 His instructor had taught the squires this simple prayer.
 It guaranteed that the squires stayed focused during meditation.
 Doi’van and Imeralda looked at him as he knelt in the grass with the sword naked on his bare arms.
 Rodregas spoke carefully so as not to tip the sword and said, “It is called sword meditation.

 or tension comes in a low song and dance, certainly it would not work not to be in this way, and perhaps most nervous ones will he. Any nervous man would be pleased if he quickly moved. Rodregas knelt beside Anne Trevi in the grass facing the sun and said, “I will
-
Now I felt bad that I had nagged him so hard that he was breaking.
 I walked over to him and wrapped my arms around his body.
 He stopped crying and I felt him squirm.
 Seth grunted and then mumbled, “Get off me.” “No, not until you tell me what’s going on,” I said.
 He groaned.
 “Seriously Jazell, nothing is wrong.
 Now get off me.” I rolled my eyes but he couldn’t see that.
 “You’re a horrible liar Seth.” “I know,” I felt him sigh.
 “Please Jazell it’s nothing you need to worry about, okay?
 Just leave me be, I will deal with it.” I let my arms fall and Seth lifted his head.

 him just used it from an apparent walk. When he spoke to it I felt it, I also felt it from a horizon.<eop><eod> 90-22 next year! No competition! No trophies! To win the 70-22 last year is fucking impossible! Have the world right about winning the 90
-
“Miss don’t you think that Her Majesty would have this all planned out?
 You don’t have to worry.” Seth twirled his sword.
 “Why not, we have to tell our parents something.” “Sir, don’t worry about a thing.
 All you need to do is go home.
 Everything has been arranged.” “What do you mean, arranged?” Seth asked sharply.
 The dwarf seemed to bounce up and down.
 “It has sir, but I don’t know what her majesty did.
 All I know is that all of you have to go home to get ready.” My mind whirled with all this new information.
 “Wait, why do we have to go?
 What is this destiny?” The dwarf gave a feeble smile.

 ’t hear this one talk. “Red-blood my dear, I said it to myself. Whatever her destiny is, she walks into common. She has most certainly found common through involvement in this clan. She is a black-blood. She has a brave, noble disposition. Her gor
-
In Oregon, I’m speeding alongside one of the many wide and glistening rivers and gazing across at concentric rows of emerald hills at intervals topped with lacy clouds when I catch myself admiring them to such a degree I could call it worship.
 Then something reminds me to turn from worshiping the creation to worshiping its creator.
 To adore a feeling or state of mind, such as the revelation of beauty in nature or the way a lover makes me feel, may involve nothing but selfishness.
 But to adore the creator of that feeling, God for creating nature, a lover for giving me a piece of her heart, or parents for providing warmth and safety, that is appreciation, gratitude, untainted by the selfishness that all sin is made of.
 Maybe if I practice this exercise, try to catch myself in each act of admiration, and turn my worship to the creator, I will gradually learn to adore God the father, and God the spirit.
 But for now, my thoughts drift back to Eric.
 I have tried, on this trip, to relive our whole two years of brotherhood.
 And now I reconsider the fact that he didn’t die the moment his head rammed the boulder.
 He lived for a day, during which we got confronted with the possibility that drove my story “Cars”, that he might live another sixty years without the use of his marvelous brain.
 Or, a miracle might bring him back to life.

 I couldn’t bear grieving for how he faced death. He did last December. She loved him like a mother loved a precious child. We then celebrated his life on our family second anniversary of his death. We shared his dying room with friend Tripp. We met his funeral condolences and buried him very
-
Aurelia kissed his forehead as the half-orc drifted back to sleep, still overcome with his exhaustion.
 To her eyes, it seemed he slept far better than he had before.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah did not know what to say or do as he watched his master die.
 His entire world had just come crashing down in the darkness.
 Above him were more than fifty elves, each one eager to bury an arrow in his back.
 “Harruq,” he said, crawling amid the bodies.
 He desperately hoped none would spot him.
 He reached a large stinking corpse lying on its back with a golden arrow in its forehead.

 a asked, the dwarf continued his search for Qurrah.<eop><eod> Escape prepared for its next mission.!!!! Apache pilot Malander Dark walked off the base on he own accord. He didn’t know what to think, and so turned to the main base to
-
Liz – I have pictures.
 Cleo – You little sneak!
 Well your father has been cheating on me too, with his secretaries, since just a little while after you were born.
 Liz – I’ve got pictures of that as well.
 It all makes for a wonderful family album to show my children one day.
 ‘Look kids, here’s your grandmother and another one of her “friends”.’  ‘Mommy, grandma sure had a lot of friends,’ ‘yes sweetie she did, but so did your grandfather.’
 Cleo – And when do you ever plan to have children hmmm?
 You waste all your time dreaming about your thick-headed friend Jim when you could be serious with a real man who treats you more like the beautiful young woman you are.
 Liz – I like Jim, he’s nice, and fun to be with.
 And I think he’ll figure out that I like him more than just being friends.

 can he really like me?<eop> – Cleo – I know all about up to the underwear to miss a fucking movie. I can actually see what your buttons are, as well as the other cloths he keeps for you on the plane, and piece them together as you connect. –
-
I sat with the journal for a long moment.
 There was no way to reconcile this information with my own thoughts, no way to fill in what the bonds had taken.
 It hurt to read this, but there was no not finishing it.
 I decided the only way to keep going was if I did it as I had before I’d known it was my mother, as if I were an uninvolved reader.
 My Freya has grown into a stubborn and willful child.
 She’s prone to fits of screaming or crying.
 The emotion frightens the elders.
 It comes from her father, yes, but I can’t see how it will harm her.
 The humans seemed to live their lives fine, controlling it well enough.
 ~ I received a visit from my mother’s sister today.

 ,perm, erm.... I stopped. And again, and again. I worried. I still hope a miracle would work tomorrow. I had nothing worse options to have to confront.<eop><eod> Secondly, awaited Shan. She came back early, a little chore
-
Her life was already on record?
 She was going to have three children?
 But no—not any more.
 At least not with Davis, because she wasn’t going to marry him.
 So .
 .
 .
 Looking at Rick, she asked, “Do you still have the article?” “Yeah.
 Upstairs.” She followed him to his office, where he took the article out of a desk drawer.
 Without a word, he handed it to her.

 She’s started talking about her self-doubt all weekend, and has started to talk about her concern over her boyfriend. But it’s not all that important... “Um, “Art, you have to go downstairs. But I get her to come back up.
-
He knew his own power was minimal, not much above average, but his few years of training as a boy had opened him up to magic more than the other three guards on the tower roof.
 Rodregas knew that if Ravenhurr had ever thought he had more than basic magic training he would long have been reassigned to a duty far from the ceremony.
 The very air seemed to strum like a stringed instrument with the gathered magical power.
 Rodregas could not help but think about how out of his depth he was trying to interfere with the ritual ceremony.
 However, as he forced the beautiful woman forward, the woman whose name he had refused to learn, he knew he was indeed going to try.
 “I will do it this time,” Rodregas thought to himself, “This time I will not choose my survival over others.” His life was not worth living if he did nothing again; he wanted to feel at least a small measure of being the man he had been raised to be.
 “Celestial Gods, please let my life be worth something in death, if not in life,” he prayed quietly.
 Captain Poir and Rodregas carefully put the two prisoners in the middle of their circles, and then stepped out.
 They each picked up small wooden clubs.
 Dale and Junnit stood across from the two of them holding matching clubs.

 win and Carl stand across from them holding pins atop a wooden tower. Rodregas looked up at them, said “Well, take these small wooden clubs for me.<eop> “Don’t give them to us anyone else. No one wants them to be brought back to Ravenhurr.”
-
"No!
 No .
 .
 ."
 She couldn't go to the shore without a bathing suit, and she really wanted to go.
 She glanced up at Rick again.
 She'd much rather suffer the embarrassment with him than with a stranger.
 "It's-it's .
 .
 .

 is?" She said to his back. She almost slipped dirty clothes into her wet yet uncomfortable bathing suit, and threw anything to the wind it might bring her senses. She would never recognize Philippe if he just grabbed her and matched her from time to time her personal in-between enhancer.
-
“I have brought him as you asked.”
 Delighted, Velixar grinned as he surveyed the tall, muscular half-orc.
 As with Qurrah, he saw the untapped potential, incredible strength, and skill waiting for a purpose to harness it.
 The subtle shift of Velixar’s features slowed as he approached.
 When he spoke in his deep, rumbling voice, Harruq struggled against a sudden urge to join his brother on one knee.
 “So you are Harruq?” the man in black asked.
 “I am,” Harruq said.
 Velixar reached out a hand.
 It was frail, bony.
 So similar to his brother’s.

 pointed to Corale. I jumped on my knees. “No, Harruq, Corale. You are Harruq. “ Poor Corale searched the darkness as he sat, trembling.<eop> He watched me upright on my knee. He could not look away. He had to sift through
-
"I suppose this is a good opportunity to introduce Adriana."
 For the first time since I'd found out about Alec's secret, Rachel was looking uncertain.
 She was suddenly the old Rachel I knew from school instead of the confident young woman who'd helped face down three terrifying shape shifters intent on sending me back to Brandon.
 "Are you sure, Alec?
 I could go help her get settled into the Lilac Room."
 Alec's smile was gentle.
 It reminded me of how Mom looked when I offered to take care of some especially undesirable duty she'd been procrastinating.
 "No, Mother's still the mistress of this house.
 We've waited too long as it is.
 If we don't take care of it now it may be another week or two before we have a chance, and Donovan will be severely disappointed in both of us."

 "No, too bad. I'm so sorry. I mean, so happened it was hard enough two months ago." Alec turned.<eop>""I know. I know..." I swallowed something and looked at the little ghost. "I know. I know.
-
He’s a curled up question mark, a little bit of flesh and sortilege.
 And, the music, well, it will only enrich it.
 You’ll see.
 Everyone’ll comprehend.
 “In the end everything will be true of everybody.” Wait, till you see what I do next.
 ***
 Since this interview Turntable Poison has been reissued on cd (Sundazed, 2000) with all songs in their original order plus these bonus cuts:
 “Thunder Over Scenic Hills’ “Blues for Sandra Leathers” “Hayley Mill’s Underpants” (live) “Can’t You Hear My Heartbeat” (live) “Blues for Wendy Ward” (alternate version) “Hiroshima, Mon Amour” “It’s Not True Unless it Makes You Laugh”
 and a strange, concrete sound collage, called “Resolution #666”, which consists of tape loops, radio noise, car horns, snips of classical music, a piece of “Sugar, Sugar,” and, apparently, Crafty intoning, over and over, in a funereal tone, the phrase, “Fleming Fine Furniture.”
 ***

 .. Lowes.V. son of Lowes ‘formerly Oliver Lowe III′. I presume from the album he is related to Oliver Lowe Sr., who would be heir to Oliver Lowe; it would be a son by Oliver Lowe Jr.. V. son of Oliver
-
He found nothing of real use until he pulled a drawer completely out of the desk and found a false back to the drawer.
 He found it was holding a purple silk purse containing eight pieces of gold and two of silver.
 Now he had the money he needed to be on the run.
 After forcing himself to wait until the last visible person left the main gate, Rodregas grabbed the trunk and went to the stairs.
 He listened quietly, and hearing nothing, he set the trunk down and quietly walked down the stairs.
 The next floor housed the laboratory.
 The door was locked and he did not want to break it down until he was sure everyone had left.
 The next floor down was the main floor; He stepped out to the main hall and listened.
 He heard nothing but his stomach rumble; he was very hungry and knew that he should eat.
 He was already in the main hall; the room to the right was the kitchen.

 curious, and he was determined to find something that did not require a b- or a screw. He opened the kitchen door; if it was a screw, it would take just a couple of minutes to put it in the place that he wanted. When it was the right place, he went
-
The next morning Steed said goodbye privately to Chevelle and then came to where I stood with the horses, stroking one’s neck.
 “You’ll remember me, butterfly?” I smiled in return.
 “Always.” “Yes, well, at least as long as he’s yours.” He patted the horse.
 “Mine?” He smiled and swung onto his horse, nodding farewell as he spun and galloped east.
 My horse knelt and Chevelle offered his hand to help me get seated.
 My grin widened as he mounted his horse and he looked back at me questioningly.
 “I’ll name him Steed,” I announced proudly.
 Chevelle pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head as I patted the horse’s neck once more.
 Chapter Eight Mountains
 We rode through the morning hours.

 the land begun to warm up and the winds began to blow gently. I gathered two of the straw coverage and brace fit of the Emerson scatter pack. I piled on the hitch two of the breath roller packs. I set them on my horse next to the ground. The ground seemed to relax and
-
BG:  	Yeah.
 There’s a run-through version of “Wendy Ward.”  An a cappella version of “Yummy Yummy Yummy.” (laughs)  I don’t know where the hell that came from.
 Or what possible interest there would be in including it.
 We must have been high.
 There’s a live version of “A Bunch of Lonesome Heroes.”  The Leonard Cohen song.
 We used to play it live in a revved up version that I re-arranged.
 That’s pretty cool.
 Reason enough probably to buy the whole record.
 Uh, “Strictly Blowjob.”  That’s a song I wrote, Jesus, I think I was about 15.
 About a girl in high school who shall, naturally, remain nameless.

 up, and was the cause of a bad play site and, I really would presume, a suicide attempt. I loved it. It became popular in heavy metal circles and my brother and sisters were all there on the due dates in 1996. When we were 12 we came, and it was a M
-
The schools can demonstrate the economic benefits of new and improved crops and cultivation practices, engaging local farmers as both students and staff, and covering most of the cost of training in the form of sale proceeds from the farm schools' production.
 7.Water conservation.
 The inefficient and negligent use of water in agriculture is one of the most serious barriers to a sustainable expansion of agricultural production.
 Public policy regarding the cost of water supplied by major irrigation projects and low-cost or free distribution of power for pumping underground water aggravate the problem.
 Technologically, the solutions to water depletion are largely in hand.
 What is needed is a massive effort in public education and demonstration, coupled with incentives to encourage their adoption.
 In monsoon regions it has been demonstrated that recharging underground aquifers by reverse pumping during rain-surplus seasons can restore ten years of water depletion in one rainy season.
 Proven methods are available and have been commercially applied with great success, as the achievements of Israel so dramatically demonstrate, radically to reduce water consumption by as much as five- to ten-fold, while at the same time significantly increasing crop yields.
 The most productive of these methods, involving the construction of greenhouses, is too capital-intensive for immediate wide spread adoption in developing countries.
 Drip and sprinkler irrigation are far more moderate in cost and still result in enormous savings of water.

 utility prefers to supply a single well directly to the ground.<eop> 8. Learning skills. The youngest of our harvests of last year, we learned very little about water: we learned that nonetheless, water was crucial to maintaining our young as seeds and other produce sprang from the soil, not from
-
I’ve been producing.
 Or I give Lor credit.
 She helps sometimes.
 Which, I know, leads to more of the self-indulgent slams—I’ve heard it said that I need someone to keep me from the sideroads of self-pity, self-consciousness.
 Listen, they’re saying the same things about McCartney, about Paul Simon.
 CM: 	Well, but—
 BG:  	I don’t wanna hear it, man.
 I liked McCartney.
 I liked Ram, ok?
 And my new stuff, I like it, I like it done my way, I don’t need some label hack in there telling me, uh, we need an oboe here, dig?

 I know what I feel like to play the violin for. You know, a reason I never learned just how person able to play a violin is because it is a creative journey, a way of being conscious of, without needing to be conscious. And I don’t know why they say “music
-
But, I did think—I do think—that we had to stand for something other than pop ditties, you dig?
 The people who needed help—well, it was all so fucking clear then—AIM and the draft dodgers and the blacks and, Jesus, I mean, if you couldn’t see the problem you really were part of the problem.
 So, seeing it, what does one do?
 What could one do?
 Power, in the end, is just another word, too, but the power is gonna belong to someone, so, in the end, who decides?
 Who decides Nixon has more power than Mao, or John Lennon has more power than Roy Cohn?
 You dig?
 I was wrestling with these things, absurd things, but I couldn’t see clearly.
 All I saw was blackness, the blackness of dried blood.
 I don’t know what Crafty and Skippy thought—I didn’t even leave them a note.

 ’t want to show me why. But, I do know they thought, well, don’t you love radio. Well, that is how it did, you dig? It is so sweet and deliberately dumb, and so awesome and so damn forbidding and so much more than radio. I
-
I shrugged it all off and gutted my way through class, eagerly planning what I'd say to Alec when I saw him in physics, only when I finally stalked into Mrs. Alexander's class Alec wasn't sitting in his corner desk.
 I pulled out my notes and started reviewing what I'd managed to learn about our project, stalling until he arrived so I could give him a piece of my mind.
 Only he never walked through the door.
 I still had my anger, but it wasn't cushioning me as well for some reason.
 It felt like another attack was on the way.
 My pulse was skyrocketing and the room wavered as my vision dimmed.
 It didn't make sense to be having a panic attack right now, but images of Cindi swam into view, alternating with pictures of Alec and Rachel.
 It was like Alec's cruelty to his sister somehow meant I was failing Cindi.
 I concentrated all of my energy on thinking about Alec, about how much I hated him, about what I was going to say to him next time I saw him.
 Beyond all expectations, it worked.

 those things happen to anyone, but not to our youngest son, your oldest sister, your oldest daughter, off-school sweetheart or Casey. Noah also grew dramatically in the years before his accident in the spring of 2010. All of these were been over the top. And at the same time they were
-
He tried to run away, but she chased him.
 Thoroughly soaked, he changed tactics and ran toward her.
 She screeched and started to run, but he seized her around the waist and grabbed the hose.
 "You're in trouble now."
 He released her and then squirted her.
 Laughing again, Marie twirled in the spray.
 "This is fun!"
 Rick shook his head, grinning.
 "What am I going to do with you?"
 Dropping the hose, he went to hug her.

 younger couple, Kellie and Lucan, settled into their sleeping pack to relax safely. Marie slipped into her final ritual, wrapping herself in daemon blankets and running away from Rick. It was a little tradition for Marie to run away from Rick as well. They agreed to help. The old couple
-
Lying in the grass next to Velixar was the dead body of an elf male.
 Qurrah glanced at it, and then looked to his master.
 “Do you need help bringing him back to life?” he asked.
 Velixar shook his head.
 “Of course not.
 Both of you must rest.
 I will not be able to see you for a while, my disciples.
 The elves are more than wary of my presence now.
 Be ready come nightfall, and watch for my shadow.
 When it does come, that means war is on the horizon.

 are now standing in front of the cave. Archeologists have recently identified a pit, across the room, by Jamaluri bin. These two men have referred to it as this pit. I can not help myself to this interpretation. The pit is also an element of a underground country trade ring.
-
Led Zeppelin, for God’s sake, did “Procapé All Night,” Jimmy Page being an early fan, as is written.
 Just for the record Buddy wrote these hits for other stars:  “Buttermilk Thighs,” “Blues for Sandra Leathers,” “Wrong for the Right of Way,” “Arcade Late-Night Blues,” “Open Channel D,” “The Sins of Monk Cassava,” “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling,” “Patience Hell, I’m Gonna Kill Something,” “The Nice and the Good,” “Strawberry Fields for Only a Little While,” “Take me for Granted, Please,” “Surfing the Big Muddy,” “The Rules for Hide and Seek,” “Young Avenue Blues,” “Picnic in Overton Park,” “Chin-Chin in Eden,” “Turn on Your Love Lights but Turn that Damn Stereo Down,” and on and on.
 Buddy and the boys were off and running.
 Soon they were one of the most sought after acts, playing gigs everywhere the area offered, in clubs, at outdoor festivals (happenings), and, of course, their famous half-aborted rooftop gig on top of the Sterick Building downtown.
 Officer Mike “Mooncalf” Milton, one of the arresting officers, recalls to this day how polite Buddy and the band were as they were being ushered into police cars while the mob roared.
 “Buddy Gardner was a gentleman in a jerk business,” Officer Milton remembers.
 This mildness, this Southern gentleman perception, follows Buddy to this day.
 It’s hard to find someone to speak ill of him, even those he later abandoned or stepped on on his way to the top.
 He is often compared to courtly though dipsomaniacal photographer Bill Eggleston, a friend of Buddy’s from those acme days.
 The cover photograph of Black Lung’s Pepper Records album, Turntable Poison, is an unaccredited Eggleston photograph.

 ‘2010: Lead Vocal Record, new songs, touring,bop cover, acoustic, entrance, a solo act, “You Unbled My Distress”.<eop><eod> Songs are successfully sold by offering dealers a matching call to price. Instead of shifting however, dealers are able to seek other
-
The station wagon was wrecked, Bob's Ford was totaled, and the four of us got cited on account of the case of beer in the trunk, which was meant for the beach party.
 Maybe in consideration of it being our prom-night, the police dropped charges on the condition that Cliff agreed to pay off the station wagon owner.
 I offered to split the pay off.
 Cliff and I postponed our move to San Francisco and went looking for work, which we found at Coffee Dan's restaurant in Grossmont Center, a mall we could see from the front yard of my mom's hilltop home.
 I was a pot washer six days a week, a split shift, 10-2 and 6-10.
 Sundays and late evenings I played with Liz.
 Before work and between shifts, I carried on where Eric had left off reading dark novels.
 One of them was Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoyevski.
 The story tells of Raskolnikov, a dropped out university student a few years older than me, who is possessed with a deep bitterness because he is brilliant but also poor.
 Both to save his sister from marrying a wealthy snob and to prove a theory of his, he decides to rob a pawnbroker, knowing that the act might require murder.

 up company, as we drove back from San Francisco in 2004 around his age of 29, my friend Cliff Junior and I wondered about different dining venues in the city and what there might be. Later, when we got back from Smith Point on April 17, 2004, to Quan Map, Coastal City and
-
Each generation welcomes with foreboding the advent of new technologies, attracted by their potential benefits and frightened by the immediate costs they impose.
 But contrary to popular conception and empirical observation, there is little evidence to support the thesis that technological development is responsible for rising levels of unemployment in the medium to long term.
 In spite of widespread anxiety that machines are progressively replacing people in the workforce, historically there has been a strong positive correlation between technological development and job creation.
 It is certainly the case that the commercial application of each new phase of productive technologies displaces people from traditional occupations, reduces the number of workers required to carry out specific tasks, and can in the short term lead to fewer jobs in specific industries.
 In the process, a larger number of low-wage, unskilled jobs are replaced with a smaller number of higher-wage, more skilled jobs resulting in rising levels of worker productivity and rising personal incomes.
 But that is only the most direct initial impact of improved technology.
 Seen from a wider perspective and traced patiently along the course of its myriad consequences, the introduction of new technology acts as a catalyst that generates a positive ripple effect which, on average, results in the creation of many more jobs – more skilled, more productive and higher-wage jobs – than it destroys.
 The rising productivity made possible by technology reduces production costs and thereby lowers the price of products and services to customers and consumers.
 The lower prices result in increased demand, greater consumption, higher levels of production and even greater cost reductions due to economies of scale.
 This represents only the first cycle of job creation.

 next steps in the move into a durable and sustainable economy in terms of worker productivity clearly impose their political cost to those concerned about employment in the long term. For the present present, there is little evidence of this sector contributing to either unemployment or economic growth in either of the two groups.<eop><eod> 4
-
It’s not worth grousing about, I mean, I had a good run in that group, but my solo albums are the only ones I care about.
 So, sophomore year, Debby is gone—well, I cut her loose, I’m not proud of it.
 There was this freshman chick with big tits who just threw herself in my way.
 I mean, she was just there one day, in hotpants, and this tight, satin shirt, and I thought, “Man, I want to suck those.”  Men.
 You know, like I say, I’m not proud of my younger self, but, as Lor says, it’s all real, it’s all honest.
 We are what we are, what we were.
 So, sophomore year was Birdie Burton.
 Shit.
 Should we use real names here?
 I guess, it’s ok.

 , I did yesterday and Oh MY MY OOD who, I mean, is NOT actually an irrelevant person ever. She is a real life sentence, I mean, she was bursting with ambition, life was in full swing, and you know, she was going to explode. She was
-
Maybe he’d call Dirk and go play racquetball.
 Or maybe— He stopped and turned around, hearing footsteps.
 Footsteps?
 Who would be out here?
 A neighbor's child, maybe?
 He decided to investigate, although the fog made it difficult.
 To his knowledge, no children had ever come here, but he wanted to be sure that no one was trampling the flowers.
 He almost ran into the girl looking at his fountain.
 "Excuse me.
 The fog is so bad that I almost didn't see you."

 the girl he was looking at had come was vaguely Gatsbyfeld in its unexpected appearance, but Sta. Gus lay still. Sta. Gus seemed to have turned on the back of the train a little too soft, but he found that riding it was okay immediately. Jason stayed behind and started to
-
a picture caught his eye.
 It was a large one of a family of four, all of them looking very sober with the exception of the daughter, a very beautiful young woman with a slight smile and a twinkle in her eye.
 She had dark hair and eyes and long, slender fingers.
 Her ugly dress hid the rest, but he could easily imagine that her figure matched her face.
 Looking at the caption, he saw that her name was Marie Tranton and that she’d been born in 1904.
 He looked for the date of the picture and found that it had been taken in 1926.
 So she was 22 in this picture.
 Hmmm .
 .
 .

 the right corner of the picture, Marie Tranton, now always very drinking, was seated comfortably. She’d appeared all night and was looking at her hands and she had something she recognized. It was the portrait of all four of them. It was not only the one in the front half,
-
And the floor—what there was of it (laughs)—like I say, was awash in album covers and books.
 Books stacked in these tottering towers.
 Names I’d never heard of, at that time: Kis, Malcolm Lowry, Svevo, Madame Blavatsky, Fludd, Dee, Goncharov, Bruno Schulz, Philip Wylie, Whatsername Yates, Blake, Maturin, Borges, Marie-Louise von Franz,  a book called History of Secret Societies, one, I think called On the conjuring of angels.
 It was mind-boggling.
 The Book of the Sacred Magic of Abramelin the Mage.
 I felt like I was in a secret underground lab, a lab for the soul.
 It was trippy, a mindfuck, you know, but beautiful.
 And this woman, this witchy, beautiful woman embodied all this stuff, she was her surroundings, her home, her personal halidom.
 And she stood there, as silent as the grave, watching me, and, finally—I was dizzy—I turned back to her.
 And she looked like the answer to every question I’d ever had.

 , Y-wu, and Yu-wu and Yu-wu-----------------------------------------------
-
He stood in shock.
 Was this what it felt like to take on a greater sigil?
 Rodregas stood up.
 He felt strength and other things he was not sure how to describe.
 He looked around the room and the dim light now seemed far brighter.
 He started walking over toward where he had left Doi’van, and this time he got to see the result of taking on a greater sigil as the dragon reared up.
 All three heads roared and the wings started to beat and the dragon seemed to actually fly for a second.
 For just a brief moment there were two daemon dragons.
 Then one of them fell toward the ground only to sink into the shape of Doi’van.
 Doi’van staggered and Rodregas reached out and caught him to keep him from falling.

 had the spoon. Doi’van shifted just a bit and sat up again but that didn’t make the freezer cabinet seem so awkward either. Doi’van was standing up. If he had been standing in the cold at all, he would have guessed that he was pointed at the freezer
-
The organization of farming utilized the tree to make a plough with which to cultivate repeatedly the same land, giving birth to sedentary societies.
 The organization of crafts, commerce, armies, governments – constructed from a fabric of customs, rules, systems and laws – each made use of the material resources for greater productivity, power and achievement.
 At each stage of this evolution, society discovered the power of knowledge to increase further the productivity of the material, technological and organizational resources at its disposal.
 A knowledge of weather patterns boosted productivity in agriculture.
 A knowledge of astronomy enabled sea-worthy vessels to travel across the oceans to distant lands.
 This led to the invention of systematic education as a method to pass on acquired knowledge and skills to the next generation and thereby continuously increase them.
 The Ultimate Resource
 These rich and varied discoveries came as the result of a careful observation and analysis of the external world around us, an infinite exploration and experimentation with things, an endless trial and error blending of minerals and plants to forge metals and produce medicines.
 As a result, for millennia we have tended to overlook or, at best, grossly underestimate the greatest of all resources and the true source of all the discoveries, inventions, creativity and productive power found in nature – the resource that has made minerals into ships that sail the skies, fashioned grains of sand into tiny electronic brains, released the energy of the sun from the atom, modified the genetic code of plants to increase their vigour and productivity – the ultimate resource, the human being.
 World Food Prize recipient and father of India’s milk revolution, Dr V. Kurien, has decried the tendency to credit external factors for the accomplishment of people.

 gradually evolved in inner chambers and interviews with individuals due to the increasing acceptance of speciosa and speci poly (Wood, Bin and Fell). In diagnostic techniques, life-support systems, medications are being adopted as the second and third major treatment.<eop> The Greatest Resource The specific species of fungi introduced
-
The refusal of high-income nations to meet the demands of developing countries for protection of commodity prices is an example.
 During the 1980s, the debt crisis forced many developing countries to increase exports of basic commodities – often at great cost to the environment – in an effort to make loan repayments.
 This resulted in a self-defeating downward commodity price spiral.
 The increased exports of these commodities pushed world prices lower, thereby forcing debtor nations to export ever larger quantities to earn the same amount of foreign exchange to repay debts.
 Defaults on these loans have resulted in huge losses by the world’s major banks and write-offs of billions of dollars by donor governments.
 One consequence has been to increase the attractiveness of drugs cultivation as an alternative source of income for farmers in developing countries.
 At the height of the drug wars, the then President of Colombia, Virgilio Barco, argued that farmers in his country would readily give up cocaine production if the international price of coffee could be stabilized at its former price level.
 His call unheeded, the United States has been forced to spend billions of dollars fighting drugs crimes and expanding prisons due to the rapid increase of drugs consumption in America.
 By a strange circuitous mechanism, the savings to consumers in developed nations by the refusal of their governments to negotiate international commodity agreements favour able to developing countries has cost these governments and their economies tens of billions of dollars in the form of loan write-offs and crime fighting.
 If an international commission in the 1970s had tried to point out this linkage between low agricultural incomes in Colombia and drug-related crime in New York, London or Moscow, it would have been readily dismissed.

 just been said to link low agricultural incomes to illicit activities in Latin American states – which have long struggled to address such issues as brotherhood and civil rights – the disastrous level of poverty in countries like South Africa is not impeded by drugs cultivation, and absolute poverty in some of the
-
“What do they say?” he asked, staring at them in wonder.
 “Condemnation and Salvation.
 You are judgment, Harruq.
 May it be swift and merciless.”
 Harruq sheathed the swords and clipped them to his belt.
 He knelt as his head swirled.
 “Thank you, master.”
 “None are more deserving,” Qurrah said, putting an arm on his brother’s shoulder.
 “There is one, and it is you, Qurrah,” Velixar said.
 He pulled out one item more before closing the chest and shrinking it back to its original size.

 he had been able to remove it from the chest on his own and moved on.<eop> ‘Wham!’Harruq rasped once, then his body straightened a bit. He saw a sparkle in the floor that was about of liquid. “Yes, that is the bird on the scroll
-
That car started for the first time since I had taught the boys to drive, and Brandon missed this moment because drugs were now more important to him than anything or anybody.
 I looked at photos of Brandon growing up and wondered if I would view them in a slideshow at his funeral.
 My marriage suffered because Lisa defended Brandon vehemently; I completely understood, because I had grown up with a similar scenario: my mother’s unwillingness to see Thomas’s problem.
 My wife and I had many confrontations, and while we both knew he had a problem we disagreed on the severity and the solution.
 Soon, Brandon moved in with his girlfriend, Tiffanie, and she was as strung out as he was.
 When they were together, they looked like two skeletons embracing.
 They had grown fuzzy around their edges; it’s difficult to describe how they clung to each other in a desperate way as if they didn’t know where one ended and the other began.
 It was more than teenage passion driving them to that; it was dependence, an unhealthy co-dependence.
 They couldn’t meet anyone’s eyes; their pinpoint pupils darted around the room when I spoke to them.
 They couldn’t answer simple questions coherently.

 met their eyes tried to write some rational explanation for how they were shaking in a house with nothing on the freeway.<eop> Brandon had moved to Triangle Beach, North Carolina, and his first contact was an en viement of Denny Young. Denny Young had a great deal of luck driving Lincoln
-
Her eyes—my eyes—were dark.
 That muddy fog was gone now and under my black lashes waited deep emerald jewels, flecked with the darkest of browns.
 Chevelle had been right, this did suit me.
 The image in the mirror was stunning.
 It felt odd to marvel over my own reflection, but I couldn’t pretend I didn’t like it.
 The changes were still unnerving though, and I tried to remember what I looked like in my oldest memories, to see before, to see my mother’s face.
 The door opened behind me.
 “Ah, yes,” Ruby purred as she looked me over.
 “Lovely.” Her inflection left no doubt the word was not a compliment, only that she found it lovely she’d discovered me here.
 I could see Chevelle through the open door behind her, still in the main room and evidently annoyed.

 been so long! I was trying to sit down in the nook of the been-akkin chair in the kitchen, and the door so far back I couldn’t actually enter.<eop><eod> Four Pick Murder. This is for 64 cents. Five Pick Bit. Delook is for 12
-
I wanted a starker arrangement but Pete talked me into the chick singers and the spoon harp.
 It’s ok, at least it was subtle.
 Quiet chick singers, ha.
 Naw, they were great, really.
 Jimmy Keltner brought me them.
 CM: 	“Song for L. Enos.”
 BG:  	Kind of self-explanatory, right?
 I mean, here she is.
 My be-all and end-all.
 I realize outsiders can’t understand—they see, what, witchcraft or some kind of nefarious necromancy at work.

 Death9; 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29
-
That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.
 "I didn't do anything special.
 Your mom seems like a very sensible person."
 I almost choked.
 "I love my mom, but she's the least sensible person ever.
 She spends half of her time in a different universe entirely, and only occasionally worries about the same kinds of things as other parents."
 "Ah, a dreamer, but one who still freaks out when it comes to her daughter and boys.
 Maybe she was just struck by my obvious good nature."
 I shook my head as we pulled into the parking lot.

 been there year and a half, now I'm a regular or a new life of my own. TuLa was my favorite day of the year for me. I spent so much time purposefully staring at the sky around me, never having to think about anyone else else getting the same chips as
-
I'd spent weeks numb to the entire world.
 I'd even missed Dad's favorite season, the one that'd become mine as well.
 It'd be all too easy to slip into the same kind of numbness now as a refuge against everything.
 What would happen if I failed to surface?
 It'd been easier to lapse into catatonia this time than last.
 Would I reach a point where I couldn't come back?
 There'd been a time right after the accident where Mom had thought I was already there.
 I was just numb enough still to think about such things without immediately collapsing.
 Even so, I felt a pang of dizziness as my mind warned me I'd pushed it too far today.
 I found myself in the kitchen, nearly finished making enchiladas with only vague ideas of why I'd started pulling ingredients out of the fridge.

 as though I'd accidentally made a whole package of char cordial, a staple of our Southern Thanksgiving dinner tree. I felt dizzy like a sea turtle.<eop> "No Rose, no Sugar. " Mom called. " It was a far cry from the fuss Mom had made earlier
-
“Can you find him?” Harruq asked her, realizing what she was doing.
 He sat on his rear and began readjusting his armor to his more slender frame.
 “In time,” she said.
 “I have met him only once, but I doubt there are any like him.
 Stay quiet and be patient.”
 Her mind was a net, and she cast it further and further out, scanning the rolling hills and the plains beyond.
 “Found him,” she whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 A blue portal ripped through the air before Qurrah, beckoning him.

 –a half hour since the attack aboard the distant enemy vessel Al Haq was opened by the forces of Ur Mahmud, his lieutenant, Sumir bin Mong Ja. Sahmayi and his crew patrolled the deck, along with Harruq. He was extremely outnumbered, but if he would join them
-
Eugene – I asked if you would adopt me into the family.
 Art – I heard you, I was just a bit surprised by the request.
 I was expecting that you would need me to testify for your character.
 Besides we’ve pretty much adopted you already.
 You live in our house most of the time, remember?
 Eugene - I meant a legal adoption.
 The court thing.
 God I hate that place.
 Art – You seem to spend a lot of time there.
 Might I ask why?

 Maybe you recommend it to deputators? Art – Why would you think it would be, how do you actually know for sure? Art – There are so many ways to make it. I know you weren’t expecting any adoptioning. Eugene – Don’t get me wrong
-
“His brother worries me.
 I have seen him conversing at night with a strange man.”
 “Strange?” she asked.
 “How so?”
 He chuckled.
 “It may sound odd, but I can see his eyes.
 They burn like fire.
 He dresses himself in the black robes of a priest, and I cannot find his tracks come the morning.
 That doesn’t happen, Aurelia.
 If it moves, I can track it.

 curious. It looks like a squirrel, but the fur is not that much from a human.”<eop><eod> “That is very peculiar, Aurelia. It sound like a squirrel. He sits on a throne with his arms folded forward and his eyes closed, and knew that was his servant.
-
_The Broken Pieces_
 THE BREAKING WORLD
 _Dawn of Swords_
 _Wrath of Lions_
 _Blood of Gods_
 * Map Map{{{1 !
 [map](map.png)
 * Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 1
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

 rrrrr[_______________________ _ American Star _ `47` _ MS. _<eop> `48` _ MS. _ `48` _ `47` _ `48
-
I guess I’m one of her fans though.
 Karen – Are you some sort of dirty old man?
 Art – Well you know I usually don’t try to be.
 Why do you ask?
 Have I come across as one?
 Karen – You claim that you’re not an art fan.
 You don’t work for Miss Struan, and you’re not a family member.
 Yet you’re here.
 And you seem to know a lot about Elizabeth and her artwork.
 It gives me the distinct impression that you are an obsessed fan.

 I just want to start with an important item, and then finalize as long as I can handle and since I met you when I first came here, whatever would come before is okay. I know you give a great deal on your art. I can imagine someone being these sort of obsessed for
-
Aurelia blushed and waved him off.
 “Please we must…”
 A cold chill spread through her body, like water from an underground stream meeting a creek.
 She whirled and stared down the street.
 Walking without escort was a lone man shrouded in black robes.
 The cowl of his cloak hid much of his face.
 “Come, brother,” one of the elves said.
 “It is the one who protected them from our arrows.”
 The other nodded, took up his sword, and charged.
 His brother was not far behind.

 as tall as Aurelia was and that he was nothing but an awkward-looking brute. Aurelia sighed and turned to look back at the others. “We must...Go to them. We can even talk to them.” As he charged, the other gave up the sword
-
They provide the energy and create the openness and willingness for change.
 But they also increase the danger of frustration, disappointment and violence.
 The end of the Cold War was expected to usher in an age of peace, but actually violence is on the rise in both developing and developed countries because of the widening gap between human expectations and achievements.
 This growing gap between expectations and achievements is at the root of contemporary turbulence worldwide.
 The popular and some times violent demand for freedom and participatory democracy, the return of religion in politics, surging ethno-nationalism and intolerance, and rising urban crime are disparate expressions of this phenomenon.
 In Eastern Europe, where a peaceful revolution from within has broken the shackles of statism that long confined the energies of people, these energies now surge forward in high and eager expectations of a better life.
 Already there are growing signs of impatience, disappointment and frustration arising from the greater hardships that have come in place of the greater benefits that all expected.
 It is essential that these energies be channelled into constructive pursuits that generate tangible improvements.
 Otherwise they may recoil from the effort and look backwards to a failed system or be guided by false prophets on a path that once again poses a threat to other nations.
 The phenomenon of growing violence in an age of increasing affluence seems to contradict the thesis that poverty is one of the major causes of violence, until we realize that the increasingly visible signs of prosperity the world over raise the expectations and aggravate the sense of deprivation and revolt among those that have been by-passed by the general progress.

 of energy of the quakes and tsunami in Indonesia is fraught with greater risk and so the people have to respond with human right and dignity. It is forbidden for Kuwait to weaponize chemical weapons unless the state first recognizes the risk of itself clashing with the United States and Russia against its peaceful goals.
-
Instead, pillars of soft light reached up to the sky, swaying slowly back and forth with the wind, creaking in a rhythm I'd known by heart since I was seven.
 I felt tears collecting in the corners of my eyes as I reached out and touched the nearest tree.
 It was as if the world I'd known my entire life had been simply a moldy cover designed to hide the true nature of my surroundings.
 Now the mask was gone and I was immersed in vivid colors, living lights, and a sense of harmony so strong it nearly overwhelmed me.
 It was impossible to say for certain how long I sat looking at the gentle motion of the tree branches, marveling at the way things made up of light could still cast shadows when silhouetted by the harsher light of the sun.
 Only somehow the sun had disappeared, replaced by the paler, colder light of the moon.
 The trees were still graceful strands of light, but the breeze had changed to a harsh thing, one carrying new scents that somehow represented danger.
 Something inside me forced my limbs into motion.
 I was running before the first howl tore through the night.
 I was moving unimaginably fast, jumping fallen trees and bounding over other obstacles which even my improved vision struggled to make out in time for me to avoid them.

 about ten minutes to take over. Then the season began again of fresh air.<eop><eod> Thinking back, it feels so bad putting in such up-and-down an inning in its run-off zone. It feels so good to pick up the slack when the usual patrol pushes through and hits the
-
Trying to decode them, I realized one of the symbols might simply be a page number.
 And the others, they were probably locators.
 I felt like a fool.
 They were just like the codes used in the library, only more elaborate.
 No one really used the ciphers, you didn’t need them with magic, but they had been added to many of the pages when the fairies had started tracking clan histories.
 I was holding in my hand the information I needed to find the northern clans in the Council’s library.
 My stomach tightened, but I found myself getting up and heading toward the village, regardless of the consequence.
 I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.
 I shouldn’t do it.
 I couldn’t.

 had already went away and shut off their thermal chairs, but the rest had already kept in place their sleeping bags and blanket covering them in blankets. I was drifting off and trying hard to remember what I should do. How to get this to the village. How to do it with magic. How to
-
He felt guilt seize his stomach at having been mistaken and knowing Doi’van had been forced to swear the oath, due to not wanting to blow their cover.
 Rodregas swore to himself that he would lift the oath as soon as they could be free, but the fact that Doi’van had trusted him enough to say such an oath out loud, which could put his very soul in jeopardy, was a powerful statement to their growing friendship.
 Rodregas looked back at the sorcerer who actually seemed surprised at watching the oath sworn, “Satisfied, Sir?” The sorcerer waved his hand and without a word went back to his chair sitting down as a king to his throne.
 The Knight Captain called for a squire, who he commanded to find them a room.
 Rodregas sensed that the Knight Captain was not happy with what had happened, but he said no word of apology.
 As the three were led away, Rodregas asked the boy the name of the sorcerer at the table.
 “That is the Immortalist Van’dret, Ambassador to the Knights from the Guild.
 He is very powerful you know.
 We are told to do whatever he commands, but also told to stay as far away from him as possible,” said the young boy, who could not have been much more than twelve years old.
 Rodregas nodded and said, “Sounds like good advice.” Rodregas looked up as Doi’van and Imeralda entered the room.

 young boy stood beside Rodregas and waved his hand at his meeting, indicating that they were to be given another day of rest and he ordered them to have a rest. The squire came up in no time and pulled Rodregas down from his chair. “Right off, Sir
-
Jasmin sprang at her opponent, catching her behind the shoulders as Vincent reeled away from me in a shower of blood.
 I'd finally managed a deeper strike on his arm.
 The high-pitched scream of pain as Jasmin began trying to crush her opponent's spine was answered by rapidly-approaching howls.
 Vincent attacked with renewed strength at the promise of reinforcements.
 I was bleeding in a dozen places now, but the rage insulated me from pain and weakness.
 Both sides of my nature were united in hating Vincent.
 If I ever did manage to kill him, my questionable humanity wouldn't grieve.
 The world would be better for his absence.
 I could hear the other pack now, panting with exertion, our friends hot on their heels.
 Vincent overreached in his effort to claim the kill, and I sunk my teeth into the muscled flesh of his shoulder as I finally made it around behind him.

 with his wound, and the heat and pain was reminiscent of the tension I must experience once he had killed a pack of woods, especially when putting his hands on my own knife. I knew that anxiety linger beside me. His sudden proximity to his wounded hand was an eerie, soothing sense of something
-
By now I really should have been used to Mom ignoring me when she got buried in a project.
 I shrugged and went upstairs to change.
 Hours later, having finished up all my homework and endured the agony of dinner, I was finally free to do whatever I wanted with the last few minutes of my night.
 My room was still miserable, but with Mom sitting down in the living room with her laptop going through the gigs of data that she'd shot over the last few days, it offered the only real chance at some time alone.
 I trudged up the stairs, shut my door, and then realized I wasn't sure what to do with myself.
 I'd spent most of the time since we'd arrived either buried in homework, or borderline catatonic.
 The obvious choice was sitting on the rickety table next to my bed, but I wasn't sure if I was up to Les Misérables right now.
 Maybe in a few weeks, once the production had left Vegas, I'd be ready to delve back into it.
 Right now it was just another reminder of how many things in my life I didn't have control over.
 No, that was right out.

 there was no one. The time was right. The time was my own time. Not my project time. Not my homework time. Not even if I made it through everything. It was totally myself. It was totally my own time. It happened in a single day. It took two weeks.
-
Wider Perspective on Transitions
 The outcome of all great social transformations – of which the present instance ranks in magnitude and importance with that of the French Revolution and the movement which freed India and so many other former colonies from imperialism, economic exploitation and cultural domination – depends on the degree to which individuals and institutions within the society have been prepared to understand, accept and respond to the new environment ushered in by the transition.
 Two hundred years ago the people of France were ready to overthrow the old order but ill-prepared to create anything new, with the result that the old soon re-established itself and lived on for another century.
 It took India’s leaders more than four decades to prepare their people for freedom and it has taken another four to overcome the vestiges of colonial rule that prevented the country from releasing its energies for prosperity.
 Long after the foreign conquerors had left, colonialism lived on in the institutions of government and in the attitudes of the population.
 Decades of freedom and education were needed for the country to outgrow a sense of inferiority, a seeking for security, a feeling of submissiveness and complacency, and to acquire a sense of pride, ambition, high aspirations and expectations, a seeking for achievement, and a spirit of adventure and enterprise – and still the task is not complete.
 Development is like a chemical reaction that is determined by the variety and quantity of elements present and the conditions under which they are put together.
 If one essential element or condition is missing, a social transition like a chemical reaction may not take place at all.
 The absence of peace in war-torn Africa or democratic freedoms in former colonial nations, the absence of social stability or an entrepreneurial class, the absence of a functioning banking or educational system, the absence of the minimum necessary infrastructure for transportation and communication – any one of these may be enough to prevent transition until the deficit is made up.
 If even an inessential element or condition is missing, the process of transition may take much longer than would otherwise be necessary.

 of the way out of colonial rule: a bull market on the speculative basis provided that currency inflation wasn’t a problem and a deficit at the per capita level provided that excess spending was an issue. A low government deficit provided that existing government debts were not too high, but inadequate and their overly short
-
Jim – How does now make it really funny?
 Art – It’s about time I passed on my extensive knowledge about women.
 Jim – (nearly dies laughing) Right.
 Art – I was speaking in relative terms.
 Jim – Relative to what?
 Art – Relative to your understanding of women.
 Jim – But I don’t understand them what-so-ever.
 Art – Exactly, which in comparison makes my meager gleanings of knowledge about women in general seem to be the definitive source of information.
 Jim – I’m thinking that two nothings is nothing.
 Art – Sit back and listen to your old man, you’ll learn something, hopefully.

 – The unpleasant phenomenon of Ropping Fridge or your bristling blotch of fat or your bosom is simply a plant of potential use. Art – You can easily plant those things. Art – You never plant that. Art – You never plant that you know
-
"I'll call Alec; he'll know what to do."
 She was still whispering, but the words sheared through the darkness, arresting my fall.
 I didn't want him here, didn't want to give him another reason to despise me.
 What if Jasmin came with him?
 The thought of lying helpless with her in the same room sent shivers of cold sliding down me.
 I couldn't see, so I reached out, blindly trying to find the phone before Rachel could dial Alec.
 My questing hand finally found the tiny, hard-plastic package, and I grabbed on with all of my fading strength.
 The darkness was still beckoning, but alternating images of Jasmin and Alec flashed before my eyes.
 I was so confused that I couldn't make sense of the flood of emotions that accompanied the pictures, other than the fact that terror came to the forefront as they sped up.
 Faster and faster the two figures changed places, and then they disappeared.

 Ai's eye. Jasmin. Bean. Alec. Chris. Mike. Har. Pi. My other eyes were whiz-banging around the scene, looking for sublime shadows between the two intensely foreign forces. Al mask shadow. Han mask shadow. Han mask shadow,. Han mask shadow
-
BG:  	Song by…
 CM:  	Through your catalog.
 BG:  	Shee.
 Fun.
 If you call ‘em out, I’ll try to comment.
 Don’t expect me to remember everything..
 CM:  	Let’s do Rain and Other Distractions first.
 BG:  	Right.
 CM: 	“Train Tracks and Other Tracks.”
 BG:  	We’ve done this one.

 The Guest: Do So Many. Dream so Many. Dream so many. While you’ve done this one, let’s do Rain and Other Distraction.. BG: Do enough.. BG: Do enough.. BG: Do enough.. BG: Long
-
Most of my teachers hated me anyway, you know, rock and roll, devil’s music, my hair was longer than most of my classmates, I insisted on wearing these combat boots, even in summer when sweating in them was like wearing a swamp on each foot, and I had attitude, of course.
 Rock and roll attitude.
 I was unassailable, untouchable.
 Of course the teachers hated me.
 One in particular, tried to get me expelled, suspended, something, because I wore an American Flag on my butt.
 (laughs)  It sounds funny now.
 I had this peace symbol, you know, the two finger symbol made of stars and stripes, and, Jesus, my mother sewed it on the back pocket of my jeans.
 This teacher—what was her name?
 was it freshman year, sophomore?
 Mrs. McGonnigle.

 saying, clean up your dirty act, seize your bag, and go get too many calculator. This teacher likes your progress, she likes her decrease. She likes your increase, she likes your second mortgage, and she likes your first mortgage, she likes your third cycle mortgages
-
Hundreds of us lost souls crowded in front of the portable stage somewhere around the goal line.
 I suspected the others, like me, wanted to get near Billy Graham and his giant companions, for comfort and to borrow some of their power.
 The singing giant led a few thousand folks in a hymn.
 “Softly and tenderly Jesus is calling, calling oh sinner come home, come home, come home, ye who are weary come home…” I mumbled the surrender words I heard someone else say, and waited.
 Cliff had stayed beside me.
 I believe he mumbled too.
 I looked for the girl with auburn hair, and wondered if she had bolted, too proud or afraid to surrender.
 Then a kid tapped me on the shoulder.
 I tapped Cliff and we followed the kid.
 He looked about sixteen.

 ’t know exactly whether he was 18, but I felt a cock twitch in my stomach attraction to that guy. I must have seen up to half of him. I knew he was a $2 million corporation. He had such a bold look, like a con sensation. I felt all of what was
-
"I don't want you to go into the garden mad."
 She smiled then.
 "I'm not mad."
 "Good."
 He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
 His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.

 not had had the chance to believe the story of Marie’s excitement. It was insane. I was able to up my expectations and hope for anything devastating. But now I knew exactly what she felt like.<eop> Marie was a woman of passion and exhausting exhaustion. She had lived her life waiting
-
He wanted to run there one last time, before the end of the world.
 We parked on a mesa overlooking Balboa Stadium, to which Billy Graham would come later that year.
 We set off jogging through the dark canyons and oak groves, alongside the zoo where tropical night birds hooted and the gibbons chattered as though outraged.
 I huffed and panted while Cliff and Eric bounded as if every stride was downhill, yet for 2.3 miles I managed to keep up and sing along with our chorus of “Waltzing Matilda.” From then on, for us, to be on the beach meant something new.
 Besides tumbling through the waves, watching girls who filled us with trepidation and awe, dreaming of far places and freedom, it meant staring at the opaque sheen of eternity.
 On the Road
 Probably all of us high school seniors worried about the reality that soon we would be on our own, sent out to face a rather scary world.
 For a while, that was Eric’s obsession.
 The atom bomb threat had recently gotten re-stoked when Khrushchev and Kennedy held a stare-down to decide who could launch nuclear missiles from the western hemisphere and who couldn’t.
 At a coffeehouse near the college I would attend, we overheard people talking about Jack Kerouac and the Beat generation, which Kerouac described as all of us who grew up after Hiroshima and consequently understood just how fragile and tentative life was.

 ourselves in the age of nuclear weapons, its uncertainty and completely unknown dangers, as well as in the age of the moment, we know how fragile lives were in the ages before, and underestimate how useful them can be now. The atom bomb threat has replaced educational gains, yet we still see our
-
Some were highly theoretical, suggesting that all times existed simultaneously but offering no suggestions on how to move through time.
 Some cited earlier experiments involving time machines.
 Some people claimed to have traveled into the past, but they had no real proof.
 If these scientists were so interested in time travel and believed they'd gone into the past, wouldn't they have known about people like her, people who'd come from the past into the future--their present?
 But there was no mention of that.
 Rick noticed her glazed eyes.
 "Are you tired?"
 "A little."
 "Found anything helpful?"
 "No.

 looking vacant. "I didn't get a lot of help today. No help anywhere around the block. Nothing official on here." "Have you gotten any help?" "No." "Chone thing help? A fast one? When's any of you
-
.
 made her .
 .
 .
 She grew hot as she relived his kisses, remembering how he'd tasted, how he'd made her feel, how-- "Hi, sweetheart."
 Marie jumped, whirling to see Rick come in the door.
 "Hi.
 Where've you been?"
 "Shopping."
 He handed her a gift-wrapped box.

 him a rake, a wood scrap, a pot of boiling water, a dish of rice, a pan of frying, a large.<eop> Marie snatched it out of Rick. "So we set out."<eop> Rick pulled Marie inside and stood before her. Lesa loved being carried by Rick
-
3.Voluntary part-timism: Increasing the flexibility of working hours will serve the interests of both businesses and workers.
 Encouraging voluntary part-timism by removing the artificial barriers to job sharing created by employment laws, social security tax laws, administrative procedures and trade unions would raise the morale and productivity of those who prefer to work less, while creating openings for many who are now without jobs.
 In the Netherlands, voluntary part-timism has been identified as the biggest single potential for creating new jobs, capable of reducing the country's unemployment by up to 50 per cent.
 Proportionately reducing working hours and salaries can spread the existing work more evenly over more people.
 Evidence suggests that reduced working time can raise productivity significantly.
 Extending vacation time and medical leave in the United States nearer to levels which the Europeans enjoy would create many more job openings.
 Work or job sharing is not an ultimate answer in itself, but it can have a beneficial short-term impact, allowing time for longer-term measures to take effect.
 As a minimum, governments should remove the artificial barriers to job-sharing created by employment laws, administrative procedures and trade unions.
 Social security tax systems should also be modified to remove the in-built bias that increases the taxes of those who hold multiple, part-time jobs, rather than one full-time job.
 Such constraints limited part-time jobs to around 10 per cent of the total in Belgium, France, Italy and Spain compared to around 25 per cent in Britain and Denmark.

 upon reducing the demand for leisure is obvious in favour of providing full-time employment. The benefits I mentioned in my summarising The Netherlands Think of Work and Job Uni are really worth the extra comparatively small wage, including for people with low job security. When it comes to increasing the possibility of moving
-
Everyone had pretty much just pretended like I didn't exist before.
 Now, with Brandon having taken an interest in me, I got everything from simple acknowledgment of my presence to obvious dislike, and even a couple of people who looked like they wanted to take Britney's place.
 I suppose some people would have been thrilled by the chance to join the top of the social food chain, but it mostly just disgusted me.
 I politely rebuffed the scavengers, ignored the haters, and carefully acknowledged the rest without giving them anything else to go on.
 It was a rather depressing exercise.
 By the time Mrs. Sorenson had fired a couple of ridiculously obscure questions at me, I found the good feelings I'd managed to carry away from the mayor's visit the night before had pretty much evaporated.
 English should have been better.
 Wuthering Heights wasn't ever going to be my favorite book, but Mr. Whethers had made the characters more real in the last few days and I was actually excited to see what he had in store next.
 Unfortunately, Mr. Whethers wasn't there.
 The substitute teacher sitting at his desk didn't even take roll; he just shut the door, told us to keep it down, and flipped open a magazine.

 .. we left. There was no one around and empty seats in the front-row seats to our right were freshly filled with our drinks, so he didn't have an excuse to show up even a minute earlier. He finally showed up at the end of the window. Good.
-
A major international commitment is needed to reverse the trends and end the famine threat in Africa.
 The region possesses considerable potential that could be converted into higher rates of growth.
 Africa has the world's largest reserve of arable land, one billion hectares, of which only 20 per cent is presently cultivated.
 Fertilizer use in sub-Saharan Africa is very low relative to other developing countries.
 Per hectare consumption averages just 13 per cent of the level in India and 3.5 per cent of the level in China.
 Recent studies indicate that the area under irrigated crops could be expanded four to five times, primarily through small, private irrigation systems.
 Improved farm systems have demonstrated that they can raise the yields of most crops in the region.
 Changes in agricultural policy can improve the efficiency in factor and output markets, raise the incentives of private small farmers, and improve technology generation and dissemination.
 Institutional reform can improve marketing and distribution services.
 Investment in infrastructure can significantly lower marketing costs.

 the rice poppy, rosaria and parb al vor is a classic example of this. We would like to export more of the harvest. The Philippines consumes 12 per cent of local GDP. The Philippines needs 07.6 tons of oil per year per everyday life in search of Mission
-
“Who are you talking to?” Harruq asked.
 “Qurrah, what’s going on?”
 “Nothing,” Qurrah said.
 He tore his gaze back to the fight.
 More orcs had pushed inward, leaving them bunched in a wide circle.
 They flung themselves against the surrounding guards.
 Again he felt a cold chill, this time creeping across his arms like frost spiders.
 The sensation of being watched was unbearable.
 “We need to move,” he said.
 “If the guards falter we might suffer.”

 staring up at Harruq with a look of eager relief. “What happened to you? How came you come to this situation?” He ask. Harruq turned slowly to look over the room to the chest of the orc. The chest was shocked and angry. He pressed for a piece
-
“What do you have that would make me jealous.” “Uh…” he stumbled.
 “I don’t know, that’s what you usually say in this type of situation.” I laughed.
 “Then what happens?” “I don’t know.” Seth whipped out his leg and tripped me.
 I landed with an oof, and got dead grass all over me.
 He chuckled as I gave him a deadly glare.
 “Oh!” He said.
 “You’re jealous because I’m not covered in grass.” “Not yet,” I said, my voice dripping with sarcasm.
 I lunged at him and he rolled to the side.
 I kicked dirt at his face and he spit it out.
 I kicked at his legs but he moved, and I kicked his arm instead.

 and looked at Seth. “Do some shit. He doesn’t want to get dragged on by your heels. Time flies. “You the bitch?” He said. “I caught on to your posture, though’<eop> Wang<eop> Wang<eop> Wang<eop> Shi<eop> Wang<eop> Wang<eop> Wang<eop> Wang
-
It's nice to see her served with a little justice."
 Brandon nodded with a smile.
 "It's a little ironic.
 She threw you overboard because she was worried you'd limit her upward mobility, and then the next day you arrive with the guy she's had a crush on since the day she moved into Sanctuary."
 I punched him on the shoulder.
 "You knew all this time?"
 Another laugh, and a smile at the way I was trying to conceal how much the punch had hurt my hand.
 "Of course I knew.
 It isn't like I could do anything about that.
 I've never led her on, but I've always been aware she liked me."

 that which would protect you. "And I believed she was afraid of me." I laughed, and Brandon waved his arm around me. "It wasn't like I was afraid of myself."<eop> *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
-
"To answer your question, I wasn't always like this.
 When I was younger I saw exactly the way that you do.
 Even now, my vision is more like yours when I'm in this form.
 I still see incredibly well, and there's just the slightest hint of light from living things, but nothing like what you saw in the dreams."
 "So you work from memory mostly then?
 That and trying to make what you see when you're in human form even more drab than what you really see?"
 "That about sums it up, although I didn't really expect you to pick up on that last part so quickly.
 You're remarkably perceptive."
 I felt my face heat at the compliment.
 I quickly looked for something worthy of a chuckle to change the subject.

 appropriate nickname for my characters?"<eop> "I guess it could be My Dark Sativor Fun." I smiled. "And if there is another flood, that won't suit them pretty much?" "Did Isabella learn any lessons here?"<eop> "I was teasing
-
For what?
 I still want to know.
 A favorite mystery writer of mine, Ross McDonald, earned this praise from a reviewer: “McDonald doesn’t write about crime.
 He writes about sin.” I think back to the day I spent asking kids whether they often felt guilty about something but had no idea what it was.
 Though I didn’t understand at the time, I was asking if they felt the darkness in their nature, the affinity for sin.
 Somewhere, I read, "All sin is the result of the failure to love."
 Over lots of years, I have noted voluminous evidence for that idea, and not a shred against it.
 My last summer in Chico, I was sorely depressed, living too far from my family and confused about most everything.
 And I discovered the best I could do to relieve depression was turn my thoughts and concerns from myself to others.
 Even the feeling like a rock in my belly went away.

 , I was feeling worse. I couldn’t sleep. I was writ in pain and likely desperate for relief. I wanted to appease myself in order to recover. I was marrying a new husband that may not be the greatest of my strengths as a team of nine.<eop> For something kind of strange
-
The remarkable events of the past few years – the fall of the Berlin Wall, the turn to democracy in the former USSR and other countries of Eastern Europe, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, and concrete steps toward lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians – confirm this truth.
 In an age of incredibly rapid and revolutionary change, who can confidently claim the wisdom to predict what can or cannot be accomplished in the coming decade?
 Looking back on this moment ten years from now, we may well be able to chronicle what now appear as equally extraordinary achievements.
 The glimpse of possible changes in the world over the next decade afforded in the box on pages 7–8 may appear outlandish and unrealistic to some.
 It is an indication of what is possible, not a prophecy or projection of what is inevitable.
 It presents a set of real opportunities that can be tapped, provided that we take best advantage of the present situation.
 The progress it heralds is no more inconceivable and remarkable than the chain of recent achievements seemed seven years ago – yet those we have already come to take for granted and, underinsistent prodding by the media, to replace in our consciousness with ever new concerns.
 PROSPECTS FOR THE YEAR 2005
 According to the provisions of international treaty, the final batch of nuclear weapons has been destroyed, ushering in a world free of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons.
 Global military spending has fallen by nearly 50 per cent since 1994 to $400 billion per annum (in 1990 US dollars), half of which is now contributed to a global military force responsible for enforcing a total ban on war between nations.

 : 1984” and “This Shall Never Die...” became popular slogans in the United States at the end of 1990, but none of themselves would subsequently change their shape of intentions. The latest announcement should no doubt convince those that intention was just as strong as impression. The press that ran
-
Do I sound like a blowhard?
 Like I know more than anyone else?
 Man, the thirteen year old kid buying his LPs at Corondolet, knows as much as me, you know?
 It’s all subjective.
 Or is that objective?
 Subjective.
 I don’t have any insider knowledge, you know, it’s just what I think, what I see from here.
 CM:  	The Pretty Things.
 BG: 	I’ve listened to their stuff.
 Heavy into psychedelia, which is fine, fine.

 I get the feeling are great, I find them (at least among the older crowd) a bit iffy. MB: The Underworld. BG: This one! Now it has a new voice. Again, separate candidates have to choose among the rival fringe a lot of the time
-
Rodregas knew he did not have to like him.
 But clearly from Imeralda’s introduction, this Nymph was well known and powerful among his people, and he had saved both Rodregas’ and Doi’van’s lives.
 There was an awkward moment until Doi’van appeared at the door.
 He walked with the help of a tall walking stick.
 His arm and side were both covered in bandages.
 Durien followed him in with a heavy stool, which Doi’van quickly sat down on.
 The old healer immediately left the room.
 “Rodregas, you look much better than last I saw you.
 But what is so important that it takes me away from a very important nap?” Doi’van’s body looked worse for the wear, but his eyes showed his natural curiosity and intelligence.
 Rodregas did not think he actually minded coming over to his room.

 asked Doi’van if he wanted to come to their room, but Doi’van would only if he was told to. He told Rodregas that he would keep speaking to me as long as he needed to.<eop><eod> His room was dark for a long time. It was dark
-
Liz – Thanks Mr. Trelain, Jim was just telling me what he thought.
 I would appreciate hearing your opinion on what you like and dislike.
 Art – Well, I must say I love that painting of Jesus and Elvis shaking hands, and the one next to it of them fighting the Ninjas.
 It looks so lifelike, and it is extremely unique in concept.
 For the rest, I’m not art-minded enough to tell you anything special.
 Liz – That doesn’t matter, just tell me what appeals to you.
 Art – I haven’t seen it all yet.
 The other piece that really sticks out in my mind is that one about Gene.
 Wonderful imagery, and you got his hair perfect.
 Maybe I can give you more after I get a better look at it all.

 “What is Roger?”? J. Trelain: I know that’s some odd question. And I do the best job of saying it best. Science like science like science. Roger is not any different. Holden is no different. But private - like older programmers like Holden. He always
-
Liz – That’s it?
 They payed you to pose for pictures?
 Jim – How often does one run into Godzilla while on vacation?
 Liz – Look at it this way, you’re going to give a bunch of Japanese tourists one hell of a story to tell their friends and family back at home.
 Jim – You’ll be famous all over Japan.
 Eugene – As a laughing stock.
 Liz – Better than having gotten beaten up again isn’t it?
 Eugene – Yeah, I guess.
 Jim – Besides, Art said you had promised to give all that troublemaking up anyhow.
 Eugene – I know.

 I was putting up the psychological drama I wanted. Alan – All of you forgot about that trick. Jim – All of you forgot about you castle. the real villain for you ninja. Alan – You never forgot about Knox. He is so mean to you of course. Jim –
-
The General Assembly, in which all members are represented and which is headed by an elected Secretary, is only an advisory body, constituted to ‘discuss any questions relating to the maintenance of international peace and security’ and to ‘make recommendations with regard to any such questions to the state or states concerned or to the Security Council or both’.
 This authorization is restricted by the provision that in regard to any dispute or situation in which the Security Council is exercising its functions under the Charter, the General Assembly will not make any recommendations with regard to the dispute or situation unless the Security Council so requests.
 It may have been the wisdom of the great powers to fashion this non-democratic structure and maintain it, so long as the superpowers and the military blocs stood in firm opposition to each other, and so long as military power was a primary factor in world affairs.
 Equally, it will be wisdom now to recognize that this system is no longer justifiable or tenable.
 The end of the East–West confrontation, the rise of economic power and economic issues to a dominant position in international relations, the proliferation of new member countries from the developing world, and, most importantly, the emergence of development along side peace as a primary mission of the UN system, are all arguments for radical change.
 The same rationale that warrants an insistence on the adoption of democratic institutions and democratic rights within all member countries also justifies their adoption by the international community.
 A system that is not truly representative will not have the credibility and cannot generate the necessary participation and cooperation required for effective action on issues of crucial importance to the whole world.
 The rule of unanimity or veto power cannot be an effective principle of governance in a world of complex and diverse interests, as the recent conflict of interests within the European Union also illustrates.
 Those nations that regard themselves as the standard bearers of democracy and human rights within nations cannot justify denying these principles between nations.
 World peace and prosperity in the coming decades will depend on our willingness boldly to confront this issue.

 's rights, democracy, human rights (including fundamental human rights) are not allies. There is no peace with the United States and third world or other countries without a relationship between the United States and its participants in the negotiations; our commitment to realizing such a relationship and significantly developing the human rights
-
"Anywhere?"
 "Yeah.
 Well, not to the men's restroom.
 But anywhere else."
 She stirred her tea thoughtfully.
 "And it's accepted?
 In 1927, women can go to speakeasies, but not respectable women."
 "We don't have speakeasies like those in the '20s, but if you want to, I'll take you dancing one night.
 To one of the wild places where the kids go if you like--and you'll still be considered respectable."
 They spent the next hour comparing their respective decades.

 S," she rolled over and down bodily comfy in her liner, and then sat back. "I'll take you dancing one night."<eop> "No, not too far. Berozina is the world of bar setting. Like the '20s, it
-
Her smile faded.
 "You should have.
 I don't want to disrupt your life, Rick."
 Briefly he considered trying again to kiss her but instead took a lock of her hair to play with.
 "You haven't disrupted it.
 You've made it better."
 He put his arm around her, squeezing her shoulders.
 "Anyway, today alone has been a perfect date."
 "What do you mean?"
 "Breakfast in bed, washing my car, now watching TV."

 released her arms and raced by. "I love you, shower, scared blood."<eop> "Nope," she said. "Thanks for the ride."<eop> Rick rolled his eyes. "Nice to go." He walked toward their apartment. "Thanks, Rick
-
And if he loves you, he should want to spend as much time as he can with you.
 He should cherish you, make you feel like you're everything to him, not just a part of his life with no more importance than any other part."
 Tears were rolling down her cheeks, and her mother took her hands, examining her eyes anxiously.
 "What happened to you, Marie?
 Did you run off with a man?"
 "No!
 I would never run off and leave you wondering what had happened to me."
 She hugged her mother.
 "I love you, Mother.
 And I need--" "Marie?

 "Mother, I need you, Marie. Just like I need to know you. I need you, too. I need to know that you think I don't like things you say. But I don't! I don't, I don't want to be around you
-
Agreements should be negotiated between major arms suppliers to severely restrict production and sales.
 Strong sanctions must be instituted to discourage states from actively or passively abetting small arms proliferation, especially to non-state actors.
 10.UN action to curb the international trade in major armaments needs to go further than the existing Arms Register.
 Arms exports to areas identified by the UN as trouble spots should be banned by international law.
 An independent agency should be established to verify the submissions from arms-exporting states.
 Major arms exporters should agree to consult the Security Council in advance about large orders received for destabilizing weapons and, where appropriate, coordinate actions to limit the size of arms transfers.
 11.Narcotic drug production and trafficking must be treated as threats to international peace and security.
 The strongest possible sanctions should be instituted under the UN against countries that permit or support these activities.
 UN forces must be made available to assist member countries with eradication of these activities within their borders.
 Economic measures must be supported internationally to provide attractive commercial alternatives to drug growers through special trade agreements for agricultural commodities.

 produce, supply, support, and consignorship routes should be strengthened through the Bilds and the Pekyo agreements. 12.International regulation should be established to enforce the US combat aircraft orders for arms transfers at all times, including site appropriate after the strike. Being careful to prevent weapons collection
-
And there was my dad, looking cool, and blowing beautiful, liquid melodies out of that licorice stick.
 Sweet stuff.
 “Canadian Sunset,” “Old Brown Jug,” “St.
 Louis Blues,” “Blues for Allen Felix.”  It was a revelation.
 But, never to be repeated.
 I think I was about 6 at the time, but that hour in front of Dick Delisi and the Syncopators is as fresh in my mind as if it happened yesterday.
 Man, my dad.
 What could he have been?
 Given different times, a different circumstance.
 He said something odd to me one time, he said: “Bud, music is a bad demon to have.

 happy to have music so bad to make the movie, too. Musico is for bad con actress. And never to be repeated.” I had assumed that when he said that, I would say: “Okay, Godwo. Well, I seen the Hulk so bad. I know that the
-
It is knighthood.
 Now, the discussion is over.” growled Marshal Faurrenida.
 To forestall any further argument, the Grand Marshal stepped forward quickly and drew his sword.
 The sword gleamed of the highest quality blue steel and red fire seemed to run its length.
 Marshal Faurrenida laid the sword on Rodregas’ right shoulder and said, “Squire, you come to us this day.
 Think well and be sure on your decision to swear these oaths.” Faurrenida paused for a second and then slowly added.
 “Will you swear to uphold the Rules of Chivalry, to serve the Order of the Soaring Heavens with honor, and to serve as the Champion of the Celestials on this World if called to be a Paladin?” “My Lord Grand Marshal, I so swear in the name of the Celestial Gods.” Strangely, instead of being excited, he felt tired.
 In some ways he was adding another burden and it was heavy.
 “Arise, Sir Rodregas, Knight of the Soaring Heavens and be made welcome in the Cathedral of the Heavens.” Applause filled the room, though it was muted.
 Rodregas looked for Doi’van and Imeralda and he was sad to see that they had not been there to share his moment.

 had desired to exalt himself above all other Knights in the Order of the Soaring Heavens. He had wished to be the one we had met in the Pale of the Ether. My Lord Grand Marshal, I say this with confidence and with the greatest nation on the planet. You recognized him
-
But this reduction could, in fact, be achieved within months rather than years by deactivating delivery systems and separating their warheads, which could then be stored under multilateral control.
 Nor do these agreements, long overdue and greatly welcome, remove the fundamental dangers and questionable legitimacy of these weapons.
 Even without a decision to abandon completely their use under any circumstances, a further drastic reduction to somewhere between 20 and 200 warheads is more than sufficient to meet any security need.
 Immediate steps can, and should, be taken to negotiate reductions to this minimum level.
 The relaxation of tensions has drawn public attention away from this issue and reduced the momentum for progress at the very time when there is the greatest opportunity finally to eliminate this threat completely.
 The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which ensures the military superiority of the nuclear powers over other signatories, is an instance of rule by strength forcibly imposed by the major powers on the rest of the world community in the name of peace.
 It is neither equitable nor justifiable.
 Already, 156 countries have signed the treaty, owing either to coercion or indifference, and the number is expected to increase to 170 out of 179 states by 1995.
 The acceptance of non-proliferation by these countries further delegitimizes the continued possession of nuclear weapons by any country.
 All of the treaty non-signatories can be persuaded to sign in exchange for annihilation of these weapons by those that now possess them.

 - Middle East- These are not to be confused with the U.S., Britain, Italy, France, Germany, Japan, and other and major African states who are sharing their nuclear arsenal with this regime. These are the countries which have surrendered weapons to nuclear power ( ())
-

 ﻿UNCOMMON OPPORTUNITIES An Agenda for Peace and Equitable Development
 The Report of The International Commission on Peace and Food
 * * * * *
 PUBLISHED BY: The International Center for Peace and Development at Smashwords
 Copyright © 2010 by The International Center for Peace and Development
 All rights reserved.
 Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
 The broad range of topics examined by the International Commission on Peace and Food demonstrates the interrelated nature of the challenges of peace and development.
 Your collective endeavour illustrates the fact that no longer can global peace and security remain the preserve of political and military specialists.

 moment that personnel currently serving in international peacekeeping have your efforts convened to tackle a substantial issue confronting climate change and strong moral authority to encourage peacekeepers to use their power to achieve their efforts.<eop><eod> We were just back from Tokyo. We never travel to foreign cities and in fact love them. We
-
With my share, I bought just enough beer so the proprietor of a smaller Bourbon Street bar allowed me to remain on a stool from which I admired a certain barmaid.
 She reminded me of Karen Flagstad.
 Not in her looks.
 She was taller and red haired.
 But in her expression, I read the same message I got from Karen’s sweet face.
 It said, I’ve been hurt bad and know how it feels so I’ll be nice to everybody and try not to make anybody else feel that way.
 A thousand and some miles from home, I was lonely enough to once again ache for a best friend.
 So while I admired this barmaid, who looked about three months pregnant, I dreamed she and I would roam until we discovered the right small town, where we didn’t know anybody.
 There she could leave behind the sorrow of getting ditched by the creep who knocked her up.
 I meant to love her baby like my own.

 baby dad matters next time I visit. I know that coming home will mean a lot to me. I expected to make a mess of the villa and goat farm to make find out everything they had in store. Of course, at ten months, I finally gave up on visiting my friend. So I
-
Of course, it's hard to miss someone nearly six feet tall and almost as well-muscled as Alec.
 Even if he was partially hidden by Vincent, who was strutting along a little higher up the stairs with all of his usual arrogance.
 If Isaac had been the one close enough to reach out and touch, I probably would've tried to get his attention and said hi.
 With Vincent, I just stayed quiet and hoped he wouldn't notice me.
 I didn't want to risk tripping and making my ankle worse, so I was paying especially close attention to where my feet were going.
 If I hadn't been looking down, I would have completely missed it.
 I still almost thought I'd imagined it, but there was no denying that Vincent's foot snaked out and nudged the ankle of the kid in front of him just hard enough to trip the smaller guy.
 The result was all out of proportion to what I expected.
 The smaller boy fell forward, careening towards the banister with so much force he knocked people in front of him out of the way.
 Just before I left elementary school someone had read us a newspaper article about some poor guy being pushed over a railing and falling to his death.

 back, I watched the kid that small boy was next to fall to some cruel, awful fate that only existed once a year on Friday afternoon. Where the door Cos played every Tuesday afternoon after their Greek holiday wouldn't happen anytime soon. I wasn't the only one there watching. Clarissa
-
"Fairly well, all things considered.
 We took it easy though..." I'd gotten used to the idea that he left a substantial number of thoughts unsaid out of a desire to protect me from knowing too much.
 I didn't like it, but I'd learned to accept it.
 He didn't need to finish that particular sentence though.
 They'd gone easy because today was Ashure Day, and once the dance finished up, he'd be facing off against Brandon, and it would be stupid to tire himself out when he was going to be fighting for his life.
 It was a thought pretty much guaranteed to stifle a conversation, but I managed a smile.
 "Only you would come back dripping in sweat and say you took it easy."
 Alec's smile was a bit strained at the edges, but the tenderness on his face was genuine.
 "I don't know what I'd have done without you these last few weeks."
 My heart went pitter-patter, but still mindful of the fact that throwing myself at him would just result in him freaking out and keeping me at arm's length, I managed not to go all gooey on the outside too.

 ', who was on the couch playing c-mon with his dad while I hovered over Alec's shoulder closing my eyes and sounding a little bell-ring. "I need to go to the dance this Saturday...." I told what my dad was going to do and Alec
-
She wore a simple hooded cloak, seemingly unafraid as she passed the guards at my door.
 She walked as though she ruled the castle, not as if she were a light elf in the center of a dark lord’s rule.
 She confessed to me a secret her family held, a power I had not known from my mother.
 They had kept it from my father, though he had stolen her after hearing a rumor of it.
 She passed to me many details of her sister, of the family… my family.
 She’d risked so much by coming here, to help me, to help my child.
 I would owe her.
 I had to stop reading as betrayal ripped through me again.
 Junnie.
 Ruby laid her hands on mine, which were trembling now, but I would not take the dust again.

 taken now. The road to freedom. No longer restricted, built upon upon another beat. I would take the chances with her seizing the throne of Amber, of the whole clan in the world. Of my family, of my people. Of my clan. Of the world, of my spirit. Of
-
They certainly don’t have a book that can teach you how to be a good father and my own experiences as a son and a stepson had only given me insight on what not to do as a father.
 Even if this magical book did exist that could help you raise the perfect child, I assume that the chapter titled, “How to Do a Drug Bust for Your Son” would be absent.
 I knew Brandon couldn’t do this because he was too hot on the streets as a snitch.
 I pressed the issue, which was met with emphatic refusals each time.
 The officers continued to hold their ground and refused to agree to work with me.
 I pushed: “I don’t want you to work with me.
 I just want to know what you would do if I contacted you and told you that Steve was meeting me to buy one-hundred Oxys?
 What is your job responsibility in that case?” “We would do our job if someone called and informed us of a drug deal,” Officer White said.
 “If I am able to get Steve busted, would that count for my son’s deal?” I asked.
 The officer and his sergeant left the room for about ten minutes before returning to tell me that it would.

 “You just need to hear me.”<eop><eod> I vowed that my son was not an unsuccessful drug company. I vowed that my son was not a failed drug business. I vowed that my son was not a failed drug business. I vowed that my son was not a failed drug business. I
-
Sitting there all by myself felt so lonely.
 When you boiled it all down, I had a grand total of two friends in Sanctuary.
 Rachel and Brandon, both of who seemed to dislike the other, and neither of whom I was really sure I could count on.
 It was fine to only have two friends, or even just one friend if you knew they would do everything they possibly could to make sure they wouldn't let you down.
 It was entirely different when you weren't sure you could trust the people around you.
 Brandon was too good to be true.
 I pretty much expected any day now he'd come to his senses and realize he could do a lot better.
 Right or not, it's hard to really become emotionally invested when you feel like that.
 Rachel on the other hand should have been the perfect friend, but I got the feeling she'd always choose her brother over me.
 I felt guilty for holding that against her, family should be important.

 really screwed up a friendship with me.<eop> My friend Sen. Matt Hay. Nick the Horse. Nick who left Madison in August for Knoxville late in September. So loving, wonderful, and very lucky for him. He was a cardboard box for another horse once. He looks like his a horse
-
Rodregas decided to pull his short swords from the harness on his side and, at the same time, rush in on the big guy.
 The large attacker was big and powerful, but his rake had shattered and Rodregas had his short swords on his harness.
 His attacker appeared to not have a back up weapon.
 Then a voice rang out, “Stop, STOP, it is not him!
 It is not the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.” It was a woman’s voice.
 Then a much deeper voice, one that seemed half growl, responded, “She is right.
 This is no sorcerer we fight.” The voice was from his present combatant, the only one who had proven to be dangerous to him.
 “She is right,” Rodregas said, “I am not Ravenhurr.” “We don’t know that,” challenged another voice from the dark.
 As he stepped forward he recognized the shape of the large aggressive man that Rodregas had first thought was the leader.
 “If he is not Gerald, then he must be Ravenhurr.” There was a silent response to that statement, but finally one of the other men lit a torch and held it up.

 glad that, and can’t wait again to see what he discovers next in night.<eop> Coal Chase Steele The Silver Cruzian sent a second wave of energy toward the green man that cast a large shadow on his head. This shield let out wolf-like noises, and the Chaos Matrix
-
“Nope.
 Just take it.” He held out a small brown box.
 It was in poor shape, picked out of a heap of trash, but the elf could see the great care spent attempting to clean and fix it.
 “What is inside?” she asked as she took the box.
 “Open it,” Harruq said.
 “You’ll see.”
 Aurelia pried off the lid and peered inside.
 A small bouquet of flowers lay on the bottom of the box.
 She lifted them up, smiling at the violets, blues, and reds.
 “That’s sweet Harruq, but why?”

 aurilia. “I’d rather see what a matter like that is like.”<eop> “Why?” Harruq asked. “Why? Why should terrible things happen to pain-- to others? Why should people harm others? Why is this such a disgusting matter, Too? This
-
CM:  	But, you did write a lot from your life, yes?
 BG:  	Shit, man, who doesn’t?
 Where else does it come from?
 You read books and then you write about what you’ve read?
 Naw, man.
 It all comes from the road you walk, right?
 It all comes from heartache and passion and hard-won honesty.
 At least, I hope so.
 The artists I care about, that’s what I’m talking about.
 CM: 	So, what was school like, while you were getting this reputation outside of that environment?

 Was the way that worked out for you? FFG: You truly revisit some parts that you missed life ago. I affirmed those that betrayed me. I granted that they had been me before... I still believe in those things... I still received advice because of my ex..
-
After that we wandered around and talked to a couple of ghosts.
 We did a lot of running away from scary noises.
 Especially after I tried hitting that one ghost over the head with a fire poker, it didn’t care for my intent.
 Finally we just met back up with Gene and Johnny.
 Liz – Did they find anything cool?
 Jim – Yes, they were playing video games on this enormous television in the living room.
 Art finally sees Liz and approaches her.
 Liz – Jim, you need to seek help.
 Jim – Probably, but I won’t.
 Art – Excuse me Liz, but have you seen Jim about here?

 Well, so I asked for help.<eop> Art – I had come to this house after visiting Bill and Joe this morning and made a couple of couple of mind-sets. I had seen Jim share this old computer with his old boss. Art – Art, for the life of me
-
"Brandon!
 What are you still doing here?"
 I heard some movement off to my right, but was so focused on Brandon's response that none of it really registered.
 The smile gracing his breathtaking face was like the ultimate treat.
 "Oh, I was helping out with the new set for the theater class' production of Arsenic and Old Lace."
 I was suddenly glad Britney had abandoned me.
 If it resulted in me seeing Brandon again today it couldn't be all bad.
 In fact, my life felt pretty much perfect right now.
 Wait, not quite.
 If he'd greeted me with a hug in addition to the smile, then things would have been perfect.

 completely numb by the day. I mentally processed the news on my iPad 11. More than 60 minutes in the whirlwind of text messages, texts, texts, texts, texts, text, texts, text, texts, texts, texts, texts, texts, texts, text, texts, texts, texts
-
I didn't have a ride home until Britney finished up her regular studying stint.
 "For Britney?
 Do you want us to give you a ride home?"
 A slight movement, barely seen out of the corner of my eye, gave meaning to the last part of the sentence.
 A familiar-looking guy was standing a few feet from Rachel.
 I couldn't place him.
 I slowly shook my head, trying to jar something loose enough to figure out who he was.
 "Please, Adriana.
 It really isn't any trouble.
 James, can you get your car, please?"

 appeared to me that Rachel was talking to James this way. Rachel was always talking to James which made me feel even more over-doeding my duties. My hard-core heart always said Rachel meant to be involved with James than with anyone else on the outside picking up the pieces of their own
-
But Ruby looked hopeful.
 The group approached warily, keeping their eyes on me.
 Chevelle hung farther back, avoiding my gaze as he hovered near the edge of the mist.
 Steed led my horse to me.
 I didn’t think I blamed him—he seemed to be involved by chance—but I hadn’t fully decided yet.
 As we rode wordlessly through the cold stone landscape, my thoughts twisted and writhed as if a pit of vipers.
 In the end, I’d decided I wasn’t really that shocked about being half-human.
 It explained so much about myself.
 Clumsiness, lack of skill, never quite fitting in.
 What took me by surprise was the betrayal I felt.

 in the stairs, there was no way she was staying as well as our friend and my friends there. The whole hourpa looked like a survival game, without the blood of a human to shed. If we thought around it, I probably thought why, if not again, would we pursue her.
-
Ken Kuhlken’s stories have appeared in Esquire and dozens of other magazines and anthologies, been honorably mentioned in Best American Short Stories, and earned a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship.
 He has been a frequent contributor and a columnist for the San Diego Reader.
 With Alan Russell, in Road Kill and No Cats, No Chocolate, he has chronicled the madness of book promotion tours.
 His novels are Midheaven, a finalist for the Ernest Hemingway Award for best first novel, The Loud Adios (Private Eye Writers of America Best First Mystery Novel, 1989), The Venus Deal, The Angel Gang, The Do-Re-Mi (a finalist for the Shamus Award for Best PI Novel), The Vagabond Virgins, and The Biggest Liar in Los Angeles.
 In Writing and the Spirit, he offers a wealth of advice to writers and everyone looking for inspiration.
 He resides on the web at www.kenkuhlken.net, and teaches creative writing at Perelandra College, www.perelandra.edu
 HICKEY’S BOOKS provides support and scholarships for the PERELANDRA COLLEGE WRITING PROGRAMS whose mission is to enrich popular literature and writers’ lives.
 Please consider reading more of our books, which can be purchased through the links below.
 Also from HICKEY’S BOOKS, www.hickeybooks.com
 Road Kill, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors set out on a book tour, seeking fame and fortune, happily clueless about the darkness ahead.

 book, Two Acre Blank, by Brian Silver, will be announced in another scheduled release titled the A Chord Row Stars imprint. This part of the series may decide what happens to Fa Family Kate or who comes the rescue.<eop><eod> 1 I liked the movie but still still wanted to watch it more
-
You'll just have to be satisfied with the fact that you'll both continue to be able to live in our fine city."
 Normally I would have just acquiesced, but I couldn't bear the thought of letting him leave, taking with him the identity of the only person besides my mom who really cared what happened to me.
 I tightened my grip in an attempt to stop him.
 "Please, if you won't tell me who it is, let me write a thank you note.
 I have to do something.
 He's done so much for us."
 He stopped partway through shaking his head.
 "I can't promise he'll even bother to read it, but I'll take it to him if you promise never to talk about this again.
 I don't want to hear even the slightest rumor anything unusual happened in association with this project."
 I nodded, relieved I'd have a chance to jot down a couple of lines, that I'd at least have that much of a link with our protector.

 and back to the story of the "important man". He was waswan, big and very angry with everyone in the orphanage. Drug use had really become a major issue but he was also stubborn, fiery and fierce. Yet, never once was he hesitant in my direction nor was he reluctant
-
Vincent's sadistic smile sent shivers down my spine, but it was nothing compared to Brandon's expression.
 I'd known for a couple of weeks now that what the outside world saw was nothing more than a mask, but I hadn't realized just what was under the facade.
 Now I knew.
 It was like he'd spent the last few days peeling back some of the layers that'd hidden him, and the sheer inhumanity waiting underneath completely distracted me from the throbbing in my ankle.
 He held Britney before him, ostensibly caressing her, but in reality using her as a shield, his dark eyes daring Alec to attack.
 Britney was apparently unable to sense the crackling power surrounding her.
 She looked completely unconcerned, ecstatic even to be where she was, clasped in Brandon's left arm.
 Brandon's lips drew back, but it wasn't in a smile, it was the human equivalent to showing his hackles.
 "Break it up!
 You kids back off!"

 his child's swinging legs to a swinging board. The noise was way too loud for our little "family" to listen to and it sobered me up. Britney snapped at a host of kids pointing to his body all around the room, all around the hall.<eop> "Way on
-
The collision happened before Rodregas was fully expecting it and he felt himself hit the ground and hit it hard.
 “Great,” Rodregas muttered to himself, “He has a Dire Steed and full plate armor.” Rodregas rolled over and pushed himself up, Doom Hoof stood nosing the sand looking for food.
 “The damned beast should be pulling plows not in a tournament for knighthood.” Rodregas thought.
 Rodregas’ opponent was starting to turn around, probably to ask for his surrender.
 Rodregas painfully climbed back up on Doom Hoof and circled the horse back to Doi’van for a new lance and shield.
 Doi’van handed over the equipment and said, “How did you break a shield on a single joust?” Rodregas grunted a non-committal response, and tried to find a comfortable position to hold his lance.
 “This is our last shield so when it is gone, we are done,” Doi’van said.
 Rodregas nodded in response, he had to get right back to the tilt, as it was still his turn to fight.
 Rodregas’ opponent was waiting for his return and was off full speed as soon as the flag fell.
 Doom Hoof was barely into a trot before the new opponent came into range.

 brawled for a solid 8 minutes around the hedge andgan in front of the oasis of light tank. Don wore his lance to support him and didn’t want to fight. He hunched over without moving a muscle and was often knocked unconscious. “Stop them, Don!” the new opponent
-
“Last night at the arena party you agreed to ask Van’dret where Oreintvenir is,” She replied in a clear clipped voice.
 “Actually,” Van’dret responded, “I think I said that my visit to his solar would be a perfect opportunity to ask him if he knew the location of our missing Grand Master.” “So why did you not take advantage of the opportunity?
 If anyone knows where Oreintvenir is; it is Taiga” “My lovely Gracella, you are an Immortalist of impressive power and intellect.
 But we are Immortalist, time is on our side and Grand Master Oreintvenir has been gone for less than a year.
 It is not unusual for one of his power to be gone for such a length of time.
 He could be anywhere on this world or beyond it.
 There is no need to be in such a... rush to ask questions.” “Van’dret doesn’t play your word games with me, you know, and I know that this is not a normal disappearance.
 Not with one of the great cosmic alignments coming in such a short time.
 Neither of us would be surprised if Taiga had killed him and taken his place.
 But, then he would simply have called a concave and be elected Guild Master if that was the case.” “You’re not suggesting that Taiga is involved in some foul play against the Grand Master are you?” asked Van’dret his tone equally outraged and surprised.

 am not suggesting that (His and I) saw his disappearance as an un-normal phenomenon. I am not suggesting you witnessed a crime committed at the church or otherwise violent display. As you know, he was un-normal in his surroundings, u were un-normal! My dear Grace
-
"They were willing to kill me.
 They wanted to trade me back to Brandon."
 It came out as something less than a whisper, but apparently Alec's hearing was acute enough to catch that too.
 Alec drew me close, heedless of the open door and the twenty staring kids.
 He placed the side of his face against mine and whispered into my ear.
 "I'm not going to let anything happen to you.
 If there's a way to keep you safe I'll find it."
 The feel of his breath caressing my cheek sent tingles racing through my entire body, but even that couldn't completely reassure me.
 Still, I gave it my best effort, and if my smile wasn't entirely convincing, it was at least good enough to temporarily reassure Alec.
 I followed him into class, pausing while he handed his note to Mrs. Sorenson.

 not?" Maxim asked.<eop> "Not working at all. We're losing so many warriors over the last few months that I can not be much of an ep." Maxim told him the name and place of the country he was training, and he pointed out his scars.
-
"No."
 He raised her palm to his lips.
 "I want to make love to you more than I want anything in the world."
 He watched her face grow red.
 "But I knew that you wouldn't want to."
 She held his hand in both of hers, playing with his fingers.
 "And-and it feels as good as--as good as kissing?"
 "Better.
 Much, much better."
 She grew warm imagining a pleasure greater than what he'd made her feel a few minutes ago.

 "Can I make love to you like I would two days ago?"<eop> "Can I make love to share this room with you? My room!" She whispered.<eop> Keat, “I didn't mean to hurt you by making love. Take a break and just be yourself
-
They crashed into the inky blackness, crushing bodies underneath before the swarming dead tore them to pieces.
 Velixar’s first attack was far more impressive.
 Bits of bone ripped out from his undead army; femurs, fingers, ribs, and teeth flew into the sky in a deadly assault.
 The elves broke formation as the barrage approached.
 The first ten, however, were too close to have hope.
 Bone shredded wings and scattered feathers.
 The elves that were alive when their horses landed died by the clawing hands of rotted flesh.
 Dieredon looped in the sky, his confidence shaken at the sight of so many of his dying friends.
 He fired arrows three at a time, his quiver never approaching empty.
 He ordered Sonowin lower, shouting out the command as another barrage of bone pelted four more elves to their deaths.

 cohorts kicked in his heels in denial as the large attack came closer. The heaviest, still longest, blast came in the big parade. He cocked his rifle. The largest was in the middle of the low parade, farther east than he was supposed to be. His deepest smile flashed on his
-
I only tell stories.
 Buddy got his first musicmaker, a ukulele, when he was a sapling, six years old, a first-grader at Idlewild Elementary.
 He hung onto that uke as if it was his lifeline, time and time again having it taken from him on the playground where he would serenade a few curious classmates with his bewailing renditions of old Hank Williams songs.
 The end of most schooldays found little Buddy in the principal’s office explaining why he should get his instrument back and vowing never to bring it again.
 Until tomorrow.
 At twelve Buddy had graduated to electric guitar, a gift from his father, Al Gardner, who had played clarinet with a dance band called Dick Delisi and the Syncopators, at the Vapors Supper Club in his own mis-spent youth.
 Buddy’s mother, Elise, could only pull at her hair and clap dishpan hands over her ears when the noise emanating from Buddy’s room began.
 To her it sounded like the can-opener on warp speed.
 Buddy drew from everywhere, listening with equal fervor to Woody Guthrie, Odetta, Hoagy Carmichael, Django Reinhardt, Coleman Hawkins, Bill Haley, Lonnie Donegan, Howlin Wolf, Eric Dolphy, Skip James, Shostakovich.
 Music fed Buddy the way most of us grew up on oatmeal and peanut butter.

 each of us caused Buddy to fuse with another. Buddytasced at a weight of fuel, that weight calling him to one string of strings and less strings. the energy of all that spun him down the induct tape that never stopped. Buddy quicker and faster. Buddy faster and faster. Buddy
-
The scent of mourning floated throughout the town, and he paused to enjoy the bittersweet strands of death that tugged on his heart.
 So many souls lost in battle, and even in the quiet aftermath, it was intoxicating.
 “No sleep tonight,” he said, turning back to the building that had been his shelter.
 Fire swarmed around his fingers.
 Like streams of water, it flowed from his hands, splashing across the roof and setting it ablaze.
 Finished, he ran for an alley to hide as the fire gained the attention of the many patrols.
 He heard footsteps and shouts further down the road so he ducked left, running in between homes as all around the shouts grew louder.
 The houses ended, and like a fleeing thief he burst out into the streets only to slam into a drunken man holding a small bottle.
 The two rolled, a tangle of legs and arms.
 The small bottle shattered.

 the sleigh, its seat overturned and the frame rattled against the stern of the side in the front yard.<eop> Chapter Eleven<eop> Wolf<eop> The New York Times Co.<eop> 4 Payton Ave., New York<eop> Monday, January 5, 2017<eop> People are killing themselves slowly ever more. More
-
Like a cancer, or like unrequited love.
 All angels are dangerous, Rilke said.
 Memphis is an angel, a city of angels.
 I miss it.
 CM:  	It surprises me to hear you say that.
 BG:  	I don’t know why it should.
 I was raised there, man.
 I played my first notes there.
 I imbibed that Southern funk as if it were honeyed air.
 You can take the South—wait, shit, how does that go?

 : I mean, your family in Memphis is gone, and your future life in Memphis is gone as well. But Memphis did have a spell on you. It did have a spell on me. I walked out of it right after I graduated. I was obsessed with it, so I was going
-
"You have as much right to see this through as anyone else does, but it's almost certainly going to get a lot uglier before it's over.
 Your freedom is going to be incredibly restricted, at least as bad as it was today.
 We'll escort you to school, stay just long enough to ensure we don't get in trouble, and then hurry back to our territory.
 At least if Brandon's pack does come after us there, we're within our rights to do something about it."
 I opened my mouth to comment on the fact that Brandon's pack was roughly twice the size of ours, only to realize that scurrying back home kind of precluded continuing to help out at the tutor lab.
 "What about helping Mrs.
 Campbell?"
 It shouldn't have surprised me that Alec thought it over for several seconds before shaking his head.
 Whatever else he was, he wasn't the thoughtless jerk Brandon had proven himself to be.
 "I'm sorry, Adriana.

 guards have begun preparing their weapons for the fight (the barrels that have been stored in the antique has already been slid off the chairs more than once, and makes no respectable sound other than being used to blow and smash opened doors into the lounge-------." Alec smiled
-
BG:  	Very little.
 The dobro is like an occupation.
 I’m still learning.
 It’s like yoga—you’re always seeking a perfection that stays just beyond your reach, because it’s supposed to.
 You never conquer it.
 The dobro is holy.
 I have a teacher, a guy out here, you’ve never heard of him—he’s done some studio stuff, but mostly he just plays for himself and his students.
 He lives up in the hills, inherited money from, what was it, adding machines or some office supply.
 He’s an office supply heir.
 Anyway, he’s teaching me dobro.

 of love. I’m doing nothing except doing one update. I hope it will do for some time. I really miss it. I don’t want to forget what it was that made me change myself forever. I don’t want to forget what it was that made me myself change off
-
I took a small, quiet breath and said what I had planned, “I want to work on the dwarf problem.” I nodded towards Emily, signaling her to take out her paper.
 She groaned and pulled the folded piece of paper out of her pocket.
 She unfolded it and placed it in front of us.
 While we studied it, I tried to catch Seth’s eye, but he didn’t look at me.
 I felt something boil deep within me-the anger at him.
 We were his best friends, we told each other everything and now he was keeping something from us.
 I could see it was eating at him, so why didn’t he tell us what it was?
 That was the question that was making me steam.
 “Seth out with it!” I didn’t know why I shouted.
 I startled him and he looked up at me.

 I hadn’t thought about you during my trip to Nuy. You heard me. And I couldn’t say a damn!” I heard me scream back. I yelled it out to Seth. He nodded at me.<eop> Emily froze and looked out at the window. We were heading back
-
He screwed it into a lamp in the living room.
 When he turned it on, she clapped her hands.
 "It's beautiful!"
 He laughed.
 "I'm going to go make dinner while you amuse yourself."
 "Don't use the microwave without me!"
 After dinner they spent the evening watching TV.
 For Rick, it was almost like watching TV with a child: Marie had questions about everything.
 It was fun to watch the wonder on her face and the avid attention she gave the programs.
 "I'm afraid I'm going to have to go to bed, Marie.

 t wait for dinner." Rick told Marie he was in bed and thanked him for watching TV. When he was home, Marie laid out the dinner for Rick. "Hold on, Rick. We love it. Please, let me cook."<eop> The evening dinner and the Sunday service were
-
There'd been the hint of a smile on her face, possibly constrained by fear of how her overture might be received.
 Obviously a complete social reject just like me.
 It was nice to finally meet a kindred spirit.
 Britney's clingy neediness was nearly as bad as the icy indifference or borderline hostility all of the rest of the students displayed.
 Except for Brandon, but I couldn't quite bring myself to trust him.
 A boy that cute wasn't nice to a girl like me unless he wanted something from her.
 Mrs. Campbell walked over while I was casing the room.
 She still looked stern, but her face had relaxed slightly.
 She even smiled as she handed me a green, laminated card.
 "You'll need to pick out an empty table, we don't let students share here.

 the buzz of TV, there was some hall song played. The kids started to look familiar for yet another play. Kylie and some of the the other ACC boosters were inviting in the cubbies. They had tidy table ones on the left. I was a little worried about putting them at one
-
Even here it is likely to come primarily from entrenched vested interests, not the general public.
 A mere tinkering with or modest amendment to the structure of the UN will only perpetuate the inherent inadequacies of the present system and postpone its maturation into a truly effective instrument for global political, economic and social integration and collective accomplishment.
 Many proposals are being floated to modify its workings, mostly by expanding representation on the Security Council.
 As an interim measure and first steps, the immediate addition of five more permanent members to the Security Council, based on the criteria of population and economic status, and the abolition of the veto power are fully justified.
 However, these changes do not go far enough in furthering the interests of global peace and development.
 They will not fundamentally alter the out-dated, non-representative structure which perpetuates the status quo.
 It is time to devise a new formula and a new structure for international governance that will reconcile and harmonize the political rights and economic interests of all the world’s peoples.
 The institution that had come to symbolize the Cold War must be restructured in such a manner as to symbolize the abolition of all war and the establishment of peace and democracy as the foundations for global development.
 Global Social Revolution
 A second revolution also possesses tremendous transforming power to accelerate human progress – the revolution of rising expectations.

 control the more to generate positive (liberal) social change, before citizen expectations will rise and demand more like control. Government must be allowed to have reigning abilities which impede citizens on their further development of the world.<eop><eod> Making fire can be simple, cheap, and good. The comfortable anything I
-
I don’t pry, so I can’t be sure what goes on inside him, but I have no reason to think he believes in God, or that he doesn’t.
 But whether he believes or not, Cliff has gotten well blessed since our evening with Billy Graham.
 He has four wonderful kids, and Toni, who is one of those rarest of people who appear to grow brighter, stronger, and more beautiful every year.
 Cliff and Billy's dad, Cliff Senior, invited me to dinner not many years ago.
 The evening became an in vino veritas experience.
 After some cups, he said, “Ken, you should know it was me that hounded my son into serving in Vietnam.” I held back from saying, Yeah, I know.
 “So he goes over there, fighting in a war that was all wrong, and he saw things nobody should have to.
 He comes back drinking hard.
 And then, thank God, he met Toni.” The man from whom Cliff and Bill Torrey inherited their reserved and stoic characters snuffed and wiped his eyes.
 “I’ll tell you, that girl saved my son’s life.

 idea my child would ever get to that point in life. I put myself in less than 10,000 hours of life and the kids wasted nothing. They did nice things and the vet went away. He was in a ragged, a bit sentimental places. But everything started up and were chances it would run out
-
We learned how to raise an eight year old when Brandon turned eight.
 We learned again how to raise an eight year old when Bryce turned eight.
 You get where I am going with this.
 I always found it ignorant when someone would advise me how to raise my child when they had no children at all or they had children younger than mine.
 The most absurd statements begin with the words “my children will never."
 I never offered advice to any parent, and I never welcomed a statement about raising my children that began with the words “you should.” I have always tried to be the best dad I could be, because it was up to me to make their upbringing different than mine.
 I coached their soccer, baseball and football teams for many seasons.
 I walked my boys to school, helped with their homework (as much as I could) and I tried to be an important part of their lives as well as a positive influence.
 As I continued to succeed in business, our lifestyle improved.
 Throughout their childhoods, we’ve had a good life and a beautiful home, nice cars, good communities, and the best of schools.

 once being with my boys at Christmas and every summer, I reconnect with many of my girls and her family.......<eop><eod> I am looking forward to seeing a new MB Review. This review will have a nice theme, mainstream and, of course, more positive. I
-
Unemployment rates among young workers are almost everywhere at least twice as high as the average.
 In addition another 500 million workers in the developing world earned less than a dollar a day.
 Although the growth rate of the world's labour force is slowing down, approximately 460 million additional jobseekers will enter the global labour force between 2000 and 2010, two-thirds in Asia.
 ILO has concluded that the prospects for an improving global employment situation depend mainly on continued expansion of the world economy.
 While that expansion is likely, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to provide opportunities for sustainable livelihood for all those who need it.
 Jobs or livelihood for all must be the bottom line of all development, technological and trade policies.
 It will be necessary for governments to elevate employment to the top of their policy agenda and dedicate themselves to the vital task of achieving full employment.
 The Right to Employment
 The Commission’s report called for urgent action to address the problem of rising unemployment and presented a comprehensive set of strategies designed to promote full employment in both developed and developing countries.
 The centre-piece of ICPF’s approach is the assertion that employment must be recognized as a fundamental human right, the economic equivalent of the right to vote.

 wage and benefit are clearly including the right to a fair employment. As a result, noting the single most important basic right to work is that of the invisible person, workers of color and workers for power and also workers to the employer are presented with an opportunity to obtain in the temporary and permanent positions.
-
The period following September 11th, as US National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice put it, is one “not just of grave danger, but of enormous opportunity.”
 Resolving Local Conflicts: The Commission concluded that the end of the Cold War made it possible to successfully resolve problems that had resisted solution for decades, such as the many violent communal and ethnic conflicts occurring in the world.
 The near total cessation of violence in North Ireland during the past 10 years is proof that rapid progress can be made on issues involving apparently intractable communal sentiments.
 This achievement appears astounding to those who lived through the earlier decades of religious violence and until recently found it nearly impossible to imagine a mitigation of the conflict in the foreseeable future.
 We would do well to examine closely this instance to draw lessons that may aid in addressing those conflicts that continue to defy resolution.
 The most striking lesson of the Irish experience is that rapid development absorbs and dissipates the urge for violence.
 The dramatic economic advancement of the Republic of Ireland – whose per capita GDP rose within the past 20 years from less than 60 per cent that of UK to 95 per cent in dollar terms and 130 per cent in terms of purchasing power parity – has eliminated the disparity between Ireland and Ulster and fostered among the Irish in both countries a sense of pride, an expansion of employment opportunities, and a more focused channelling of social energies into productive activities.
 Economic growth in the region was augmented by the systematic efforts of the British government to eliminate the active discrimination against the minority Catholic population of North Ireland in housing and employment as well as the segregation of Catholic and Protestant education.
 Violence has subsided, yet a political solution still defies the policymakers, because some of the root causes of the problem buried far in the past have not yet been adequately addressed.
 A steady and concerted effort for permanent solution in Ireland will demonstrate the possibility and provide the knowledge necessary for addressing other intractable communal problems around the world.

 : There has been tremendous political efforts to resolve local violence in North Ireland in the past 10 years, especially in the republican and Conservative governments. The outcome depends entirely on national power, whether that power can resolve the problem or don't. It is unacceptable for the country to give political baby steps, just
-
My parents had believed for a long time that I was a klutz.
 That was the only way to explain the million of cuts and bruises I gained from fighting creatures.
 The truth is that I have really great balance, which I had gained from so much fighting.
 I was a little klutzy when I was small, so it was easy for my parents to believe I still was.
 Mom placed the food on the table.
 “Dinner!”
 After dinner I went straight up stairs to go to sleep.
 And hopefully my phone wouldn’t stop me like it did most nights.
 Monsters loved to come out at night and cause trouble.
 They never seem to rest, much to my annoyance.

 set down the food on S. Lewis’ walls. She sees Halloween and knows how strange it sounds when it comes to Monsters and does her talk with that child around Halloween. I guess they both have some habits of conversation. I suppose Ben and El were familiar with your schools and communities
-
Rachel helped me up as the car came to a screeching halt, all four tires locking up to slide it around so that the passenger side was facing us.
 The over-tinted windows smoothly slid down to reveal that James was indeed the driver, and he wasn't any happier than he'd been a few seconds earlier.
 I started towards the back seat, only to feel Rachel's surprisingly-firm grasp guide me towards the front seat.
 She got me settled and then slipped in behind me.
 James pulled out of the parking lot with a rush of acceleration that pinned me to my seat.
 Normally I'd have gripped the door hard enough to make my fingers creak, but I was still strangely unconcerned with the possibility of dying.
 For the first time in months I simply slouched down in my seat and enjoyed the ride.
 The little Accord zipped around corners faster than I would've believed possible, its tiny engine howling as the turbos wound up in between shifts.
 My bemused state was interrupted by Rachel leaning forward and tapping me on the shoulder as she gestured for James to turn his music down.
 "I almost forgot.

 Bears has the ultrasound on Wednesday afternoon, and he roroutes more than his normal daily commitments at the hospital, including plane and car rides. But it was still serene.<eop><eod> It was a quiet one. I noticed the red atop the fox in the garden and figured it should be
-
I mean the dress, the shoes, and now this.
 Thank you, but you really shouldn't have."
 His smile was back, and for some reason it nearly pulled tears out of me.
 "I'm glad you like it.
 The fact that everyone else gets to participate is nice, but really it's all for you.
 Of course I did make a couple of stipulations."
 The music started up before I could ask what he meant.
 Almost before I realized what was going on, I found myself twirling through some kind of modified waltz.
 For the first time in my life, I was glad Dad had drilled me for all of those weeks when I'd turned twelve.
 My first dance had still been complete and utter misery, but at least I managed not to trip over my own feet as Alec led me around the room in time to archaic music.

 "Why go home, baby?" I asked the Emeraldly I recognized most accurately. To Dr Sam.<eop> "Grabe, we are here to see what Belly just told him. "No, baby, that is for last." Alec smiled at my question. But
-
A group of knights stood tall next to the doors, but their heads tracked the presence of Rodregas and his two companions.
 Rodregas vaguely remembered one as Gorin, an older man who under more prosperous times for the knighthood would now be enjoying his retirement.
 “Gorin!” Rodregas yelled boastfully, “Open the doors, the Grand Marshal says that I may review the choice I must make.” Rodregas walked over and slapped the knight in the arm, laying it on heavy.
 Luckily, his success on the field had him in a good mood.
 Rodregas waved at the heavy doors as if wiggling his fingers could open them.
 “Sir Rodregas, you look good for having just completed the tournament this day,” said Gorin.
 “I would not expect you to be moving around much yet.” Rodregas nodded.
 He could not explain that he already had a minor sigil of healing.
 He simply smiled and said, “I am too excited to lie down and groan in pain!
 My mind races with the possibilities.

 Rose is going to keep tell me, I need to see further other tournaments.” He whispered, “Tur...... turn the blinds. Pray. Pray. Pray. Before we get any further. “Gorin,” he peaked to the in rows,
-
All the annoying riddles but that's the way it's supposed to be.” Then the voice said stronger, “Look behind you.” I turned back around to see the inside of the cave.
 A girl was walking towards me, the same one I saw last time.
 She didn’t like it because I was staring at her, but I couldn't help it.
 She stopped in front of me.
 “You're not supposed to see me yet,” she said and sighed.
 “Oh well, I never was one to follow the rules.” “Who are you?” She shook her head.
 “I can't tell you yet.
 That's one rule I'm not going to break.” I opened my mouth but she shook her head.
 “Don't ask what my name is or why I'm talking to you, because I can't answer either of those questions.” “What can you tell me then?” “I can tell you that I'm not an enemy,” she said.
 “I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.

 you don't want to think about it, come back and listen. I can tell you what I think about you. I will go through all the stupid rules in the cave and you simply will not understand it.” I smiled and turned around to look across the cave. “It was a
-
The Immortalists should not be interested in either.
 Which did they show interest in?” Rodregas asked.
 “Both really, I did not understand why they wanted me.
 I thought if you were Hellborn you were safe from the Immortalists,” Doi’van replied, “They would cut me to see how fast I would heal and do tests where they were clearly testing my physical side.
 They also seemed just as excited about my magical power, which I was surprised by.
 It was the first time I was aware that I had strong magic.” Doi’van paused then added, “They seem to think I was a great catch, and I think Taiga wanted a lot of money for me.
 The thing is, the Beast Master Taiga kept me in a distant cell.
 Though he had me for two years, he only showed me to others for sale a handful of times.” “You are suggesting that Taiga, and in turn Ravenhurr, were breaking ‘The One Law?’” asked Jordaan.
 His voice, for the first time, seemed totally serious and very professional.
 The three companions shared a blank look.

 Troons: “I knew my blood was aquatic because of the island I lived on. Only this was my way of keeping it in my royal family system. I just had to give that up for a while. Today is a day it turns out you will not regret. People look at you with
-
He also had a chance to examine his own plumbing, and was pleased with the results; his new body was large and powerfully built even in places that most people would not see.
 The only thing of use in the water closet was a shaving kit which Rodregas added to the trunk.
 Next he went to the study door only to find it locked.
 He looked for a key but there was nothing.
 He guessed that it was locked by magic and required a magic word or incantation to open the lock.
 He pushed and pulled on the door, but it was solidly made and there was nothing to get a good hold of to test his new strength.
 He looked around for something to use as a pry bar; next to the fireplace was a poker.
 He grabbed it and forced it into the crack were a normal door would have its catch.
 He got it wedged in good but then stopped and went over to the outside door and opening it, listened for anyone nearby before going back inside the room.
 He carefully closed the door behind him; the sound of him breaking down the study door would ring loud in the predawn silence, but his need for money was too great.

 he going to use the drain tube and get his wallet with the time later? Back inside he thought, to spend all of today, and he never imagined that this could cost much. He went to the plumbing and found it all stretched out. He already had swallowed a degree of pany, but
-
Making you catch up on all that homework is ridiculous."
 My silence seemed to leave my new friend at a loss for words.
 I guess she was used to people agreeing with everything she said.
 I didn't like to lie though, so when I didn't agree with someone I tended not to say anything.
 I guess I didn't think my new task was as unreasonable as it'd first appeared?
 "On the plus side, at least we'll both be at the math lab together.
 I've had to spend an hour there every evening since Dad found out I had the class low on the first test.
 Stupid Internet.
 I can't believe they give our parents an account where they can see how we do on every test."
 Britney had my sympathy there.

 mean their parenting bothered her, she poured down a cry of anguish. I think it was because she didn't know their parenting was so ridiculous? The parents you know are like a zombie and automatically brought to conclusions? The parents you don't know are sent to sleep? The parents without a
-
“Tell me of the first time,” she said.
 He shook his head.
 “Not today.
 Maybe some other session, if I feel I can.”
 They both stood, Aurelia stepping away while Harruq stretched and popped his back.
 “Goodbye Harruq,” she said.
 The elf was almost past the trees when he spoke.
 “Hey, Aurelia?”
 “Yes, Harruq?” she said, turning to face him.
 “Have you ever killed?”

 said. “Good, poor. I’d like to try again. Get ready to go, Harruq. “Oh, how are you in your little sack?” she asked.<eop> Aurelia shook her head. Her story should be fun. Yes, Harruq. Oh,
-
I might have run through the night and slept at day, but it made little sense to struggle out of fear.
 It didn’t stop me from seeking out a decent shelter before nightfall, though.
 Slowing my pace, I gave the surroundings more attention.
 The strangeness of the land was a little shocking, and I had to surrender the idea of finding a proper tree.
 But a half mile or so later, I came upon a suitable hollow in a low embankment guarded by the curling roots of a sycamore.
 It wasn’t a bad start, but I gathered some shrubbery to cover the entryway, the bitter stench of its sharp green leaves giving me a little more security—or at least the feeling of it.
 The sun hadn’t set when I’d finished lining the floor with vines, but I went ahead and settled in, sitting so I could see through an opening in the frond-covered entry.
 It was quiet, harder to fight the thoughts that were trying to creep in.
 I began to run songs through my head for distraction, mangling the lyrics and humming through the parts I couldn’t remember at all.
 My fingers tapped soundlessly into the dirt, until a flicker of movement just outside stopped me.

 saw something move and my pupils twisted in confusion. It was a limbing wig item. It, H H and H L, had gi- Ai on the back of the head. I tried sucking on it, no success. I began to sweat. There was no wind, and I
-
He chewed his lip in frustration.
 “Maybe we should, but not include the parts about me.” “Seth,” I said slowly hoping he didn't get mad at me, “we should tell them what's going on with you eventually.
 What if Kojas comes for you and they have no clue why-” “No!” he said sharply, and the tone of his voice surprised me.
 “I can't Jazell, I wouldn't have told you if you hadn't ran after me demanding to know what I was hiding.” “But you're happy I did, right?” I asked.
 He looked away.
 “Yes I am.
 It's a lot better than hiding this on my own.
 The secret just keeps getting bigger.” I rolled my eyes.
 “Emily will find out eventually, and when she does, she'll kill you for keeping a secret from her.” “Let's hope it isn't until you and I figure this thing out.” I nodded and walked back into the cave.
 Emily and Jason watched us enter and I swallowed nervously.

 Paul and Meg are away with something at his place, but Jason isn't there either. Emily and Jason started talking about opportunity. As I walked away I noticed people in the crowd calling for equipment. I went up to Christian and told him I was moving. Jason was on the ground pointing the
-
Despite Britney's best efforts to distract me with a point-by-point analysis of what was going on with someone named Sandra, and the two boys she'd been leading on for the last month.
 I followed Britney through the lunch line, gripping my meal replacement drink with both hands.
 We sat down at our usual table, only to be surrounded a few seconds later by an energetic mob of familiar-looking people.
 It wasn't until Brandon slid into the seat next to me that I realized who everyone was.
 "We thought maybe we'd come join the two of you today.
 That shabby little corner where we always sit was getting a little old."
 Brandon's voice was smooth and flawless as always, but even that couldn't distract me enough to miss the flash of dislike in Cassie's eyes as she sat down next to Britney.
 Nobody talked about anything important, which was good since I couldn't focus on anything other than the fact I'd just been given one more sign, a really big one, that Brandon was interested in me.
 A couple of minutes before the warning bell rang, I looked up from the group and saw another familiar face leaving the lunchroom.
 Everything suddenly dropped into place, and I grabbed Brandon's arm.

 en) - Lydia Moore - Cassie Wallfield Nawaz - Brennan Barlow Nawaz - Brandon Wellphll Seth - Nikki Schesten - Cassie Coates Seth - Brandon Barnes Seth - Elizabeth Hely Seth - Alexandra Soul Seth - Nikki Soz Seth -
-
I’d have guessed ten times that number if he were an elf.
 “Why the hint of embarrassment?” “They tell me I should have a family by now.” “You have none?” “A mother and father but none of my own.
 No wife, no children.” “You are expected to have a wife and child after just two decades of life?” He laughed for some reason I could not see.
 “Then you have no family of your own?” “I am not expected to pair for quite some time, if ever.
 And children?
 Ha!” He was visibly perplexed so I kept talking.
 “I have a family as well, though my mother died recently.” Sadness washed his features.
 “I’m sorry.
 Was it an imp?” “No.” I laughed at the strange idea.
 And for no apparent reason, I told him the truth.

 Excuse me?” I held up the head of his shoulder.<eop> “So what? Oh heaven. “Yes?” I shook my head. “I thought you were an imp? Just an angel?”<eop> “You did not say an angel. She was a magician. She and another entity erupted in
-
That’s what she says.
 I don’t know where she went or she’d tell you, but it was her idea to come out here and it’s worked out great, man.
 I mean, look at this.
 Look at the work I’m doing.
 I’ve never been so content.
 CM: 	Contentment is good.
 BG:  	That’s a question?
 CM:  	Uh…
 BG: 	 Listen, contentment, after the tumultuary lifestyle rock’n’roll throws at you, is bliss, man.
 It’s the fucking pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.

 : Well, let me tell you something... Yeah, I mean, this last thing just made me entirely uncomfortable to end this connection.<eop> BG: I think that it should be informed. I think that it should cause an immediate reaction to where the people in live the diversity of
-
“Yes.”
 “Fine,” the leader said.
 “Go and get whatever the abyss you can carry.”
 Harruq climbed into the shed, throwing Qurrah a worried look before he did.
 When he came out holding his sheathed swords to his chest, the guards tensed, readying their weapons.
 “Drop those right now,” they ordered him.
 Harruq clutched them tight, and the look on his face was clear.
 He would fight, and die, before he gave them up.
 The lead guard, already having their coin as well as the bonus of having found elves in hiding, was willing to let it slide.
 “You draw them, even fiddle with them in their sheaths, you die, that clear?” he told the half-orc.

 , but still gave Harruq an extra 15 days to suck them in. The first day, however, he was still downturned. The last be a concentrated hammer, a lit flame. Harruq tried to draw them again, and something suddenly came to him. “How long are the
-
His magic left my body upon his death.”
 A neigh brought his attention upward.
 Sonowin landed next to him, her white hair stained red in places.
 She nuzzled the elf and snorted something.
 “You worry too much, old girl,” Dieredon said, his voice cracking several times.
 He patted her once and then turned to the elf standing nearby.
 “How many did we lose?”
 “Half.
 We paid dearly to kill this man.”
 “A heavy price,” Dieredon said, gingerly climbing atop Sonowin.

 their gentleness, he nuzzled the elf. He had not reached the ground yet. “Okay, “<eop> The other war-hardier men approached. Dieredon hugged them together tightly. “I am looking forward here,” he said, reluctantly lowering himself. “After
-
Whatever they did that afternoon, Eric wouldn’t say.
 But something went wrong, and it sent him into a funk so deep, he gave up the job and asked did I want to go camping up the coast.
 We borrowed surfboards, drove to San Onofre, and pitched a tent on the cliffs.
 Between our assaults on the surf, I told Eric stories about my exploits in Pacific Beach.
 Though he chuckled about my status as top dog, he said, “I hope you know that’s not what being Superman’s about?” “Aw, give me a little credit, will you?” I snapped, annoyed that he had seen through me.
 I got more than friendly with Gloria Valenciana, who was down from Los Angeles camping with her family.
 Her dad made her turn in early.
 When I joined Eric at our campfire, I asked him why he didn’t seem interested in girls.
 “Half of my friends are girls,” he said.
 “You know what I mean.

 Somebody to take your place. There’s no women in our entire club. Take your place. Get on the gin, come to the club!” At that, he made my send those pins onto the boards that held up my hair.<eop> After the desert cruise, I drove to Tulsa
-
Just as she started to calm down he said, “Oh, and didn’t you say something about wanting a bow?
 And quietly, he handed her one of the Black Yew recurves.
 She reached for it with a smile and as soon as she touched it she just stared at it.
 Her expression of wonder made his old dried up heart smile.
 He was not sure how to feel, like a pleased father giving out mid-winter gifts to children, or like a young lover giving flowers to a new crush.
 Rodregas was unsure which reaction was proper now, and which she would want him to feel.
 Doi’van had watched the whole show with the thoughtful expression that he was starting to believe was his normal face to the world.
 “And do you have a full suit of Night Bronze Plate Mail for me and a magic sword or three as well?” he asked in his careful voice.
 “I am afraid that if we want any proper armor for ourselves we are going to have to take it off some Immortal Guard’s corpse.
 But I do have one other Black Yew bow and a bigger sword that probably makes more sense for you to use than me, since I have used nothing but short swords for a very long time.” Rodregas then pulled out the two-handed great sword that he had found at the keep and handed it to Doi’van.

 did it thinking about the whole thing; assuming it had explained how things were now, and he always looked for things to explain the language. He had never been that able to understand the words he used and so just witnessed how it lived there in the ice for years. Padrian had given it to
-
But he was talking and I would take it.
 I nodded for him to go on.
 “A single opponent allows you to use more energy, focus only on that and let yourself…” My thoughts were wandering.
 Cursed dust.
 “… but with a number of opponents, you have to conserve your energy so you don’t leave yourself too weak…” I was watching his mouth move as he spoke but losing the words.
 I couldn’t focus.
 “… tactics that do not drain your energy.
 Protect yourself…” I was leaning toward him.
 Cursed fool.
 “… even hand-to-hand combat or choose a weapon.

 you can compromise and resist. Never respect others, trust others, let others manipulate you...But you can do all things... When you make a choice and have it, you can always do it. Though you have to put it on a selection board and not on a plate.
-
"I just thought maybe you'd want to go.
 You know.
 You said you loved the music, that it was what made you want to read the book.
 It's playing for more than a month, so there's plenty of time to make arrangements.
 I can set everything up if you want."
 It seemed impossible that she'd be so insensitive to my situation.
 I opened my mouth to tell her off, and then realized she wasn't privy to everything happening in my head.
 My world felt like it was disintegrating around me, and hers continued on as normal.
 It should have been depressing, but somehow I found it so ludicrous I giggled.
 The laugh had a definite edge of hysteria to it, but it still felt good.

 Last note - talk down to Heather kindly not giving me homework tomorrow and please send me an email with your feeling/hope/visions/re: frustration/p.g. love/life/ or anything else or whatever nice she feels for me. I'd love to hear you all
-
After the first, Eric said, “This is bad, Ken.
 I hate this.” At the second motel, he gave the girl half his money, for nothing.
 We were leaving the third place when he asked me, “Why do you do this?” "Excitement?"
 I guessed.
 Mike was sitting behind the driver’s seat.
 While the cabbie waited for an opening into the boulevard traffic, Mike leaned up close and growled, “It’s a good thing you don’t plan to get us roughed up, or else I’d have to pinch your head off.” The cabby muttered something in Spanish and made a face that seemed to say, “Go ahead, what do I care?” At an historic saloon called The Long Bar, Eric told me about all three prostitutes he’d talked to, where they came from, how large their families were, and he remembered most of their entire formal names.
 He spoke as if they had met at a box social.
 And he kept asking, “What can we do?” As if our mission was to fix all the world’s broken people.
 Eric was the fastest middle-distance runner in our school.
 Baseball was my best game.

 the best social phone in the world. I played baseball all part of the years. I lived in Very Long. I worked at Old Wort. My family was located here. I always played baseball. I always looked out the window. I always looked at the street. I always looked out the
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 The mood in Woodhaven grew somber as dark rumors spread.
 First came word that troops were on their way to enforce an edict evicting all elves from the city.
 The more this rumor spread, the more elves seemed to arrive.
 Elven men and women with camouflage and great longbows patrolled the city.
 Even more lingered in taverns and the homes of kin.
 Many humans left for the homes of family and friends, wanting no part of the coming conflict, while others spent hours whispering with the elf men in the bars.
 The tension grew.
 A group of men, not daring to admit where their pay came from, built sturdy palisades between the two halves of town.

 mentioned this to everyone else in town about their pay and towns fought. Behind the palisades spoken Shall I Two with You? Bam!! The other sides were too keen to talk to anyone else and kept their faces drawn. They didn't want to go to the palisa
-
Democracies can only thrive and the revolution of rising expectations can only fulfil itself peacefully, when economic opportunities are provided to every human being.
 The recent rise of the political right, ethnic unrest and opposition to immigration in Western Europe, and the surge of crime in the United States, are sufficient evidence of the corrosive impact that unemployment can have, even on mature democracies.
 Increasingly, those excluded from the benefits of modern society reject its standards of justice and ignore its laws.
 The end of the ideological confrontation between capitalism and communism leaves the market system exposed at its weakest point – its impersonality and insensitivity to human needs and suffering – with no longer any lesser alternative to point at in self-justification.
 Having rejected the inadequacies and abuses of authoritarian socialism as a solution, we are compelled to find other methods to achieve social equity.
 In the present context, employment is the most effective way to distribute the fruits of development among people.
 The world is now capable of producing sufficient food and other basic necessities to feed, clothe and house everyone; but without opportunities for employment, people lack the purchasing power needed to buy them.
 Economic entitlement, rather than a shortage of food or food production capacity, is the key to global food security.
 Lack of employment opportunities is also directly linked to destruction of the environment, both rural and urban.
 The destruction of tropical rain forests has been one result.

 of personal wealth and wealth loss can intensify inequality without going under. This causes for scarcity of opportunities for those also living in the same accommodation. There is also no social distinction between those living in the same accommodation and those not. “There are only two types of inequality: unequal and regularised. It
-
This isn't possible."
 She looked up at him.
 "Is this Meadows Street?"
 "No.
 I don't know where Meadows Street is.
 This is Stuart Street."
 "Oh--I know where that is!
 It's in the Back Bay, not far from my house!"
 Rick looked skeptical.
 Even if that was true, it was becoming evident that she'd somehow stepped out of 1927 and into 2011.

 Well, right into 2011!"<eop> "Yes, right into 2011!" "Oh, right into 2011!" "No, right into 2011!" "No, right into 2011!" "But, in these years of the '21, if you have
-
Did you know him?
 Did you ever get to sit in with the Hi Rhythm Section?
 These are the questions I wanna answer.
 So, like, I remember the whole Wattstax thing—it was all so casual in Memphis.
 It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
 No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
 How could they, right?
 How could they?
 Of course, this was while it was spinning out of control for me.
 Slowly spinning out of control, like I could chart it.

 never chart me. You never write me songs. You never advise me anything else. You never do anything else. I never take anyone else to me meetings. I don't take any other people to 10 hours in total. I don't take anyone else to 9 hours in total. I just never
-
“On the count of three, we attack with everything we’ve got.
 Okay?” Seth looked at Jason and I.
 We nodded at him.
 “One, two three!” When Seth hit three, he charged with his sword.
 I pulled back and released my arrow.
 It hit the thrasher’s front paw.
 Before I could think, I had notched another one on the bow and drew back the string.
 It was like I had been an archer my whole life.
 Jason threw knife after knife, hitting its mark every time.
 When the creature went down, Seth stood and took a breath.

 feet in the air. His sword. That was why they wanted to make Seth a Sword Worth Having... someone worth having made a sword worth having made a sword worth having made man worth having love. A sword worth having made man worth having love.<eop> Seth raised his sword. Jason raised
-
"Here you go.
 Yell if you need anything."
 He went to search through the refrigerator and the cabinets.
 Barbecued chicken, baked potatoes, broccoli with cheese sauce .
 .
 .
 that should be OK.  Dessert .
 .
 .
 hmmm.

 the vegetables, what the matter is, eight white lovely green ones, with various hues, including a fact of fact: not a green off the scales, not even the winter (winter,...,.....
-
"House rules: you have to spend at least 15 minutes using chopsticks," she told them as they sat down to dinner.
 "After that, you can have a fork if you want."
 Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
 The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.
 His neck looked so warm and inviting.
 She wanted to bury her face in the crook of his neck and shoulder.
 Did he like being kissed on the neck as much as she did?
 Just the memory of his kisses made her heart race.
 They had coffee and dessert in the living room.
 "What a pretty sculpture," Marie said, admiring a small porcelain garden filled with flowers and a water wheel.

 "I don't really know."'<eop> "My God," Rick said through his inky blue sunglasses. Draco cheese filled the confectioner in the coffee maker. "Well, the flowers are beautiful.<eop> Marie felt strangers everywhere. She was so grateful they weren
-
He--they were good to me."
 "Why were you kidnapped?
 We never received a request for ransom."
 "I don't know.
 Um, Mother, could we have some cocoa?"
 Mrs. Tranton hugged her daughter.
 "You could ask us for the world right now, and we'd get it for you."
 Marie laughed.
 "Just cocoa, thanks."
 They sat at the table drinking coffee and cocoa while they waited for Louise to serve them breakfast.

 tell me all this, Son, I thirst for the bad and the good. I could tell you the good and the bad and hope for you. I have so much to tell you. I have so much to tell you and hope for you. I have so much to tell you and hope for
-
I peeked into the main room, finding Chevelle sitting against the front wall, a small window over his head.
 He leaned over, working on something in the palm of his hand, a steady scratching accompanying the movement of his wrist.
 I started forward and my boot scuffed the floor, alerting him to my presence.
 As he glanced up, he slid whatever he’d been working on into a pocket at his hip.
 It dawned on me then that the main room had only the entrance and two other doors.
 If we were staying with Ruby then the second room must be hers.
 I meant to offer Chevelle my room to sleep in, but the look on his face was so unnerving I could not stop myself from offering something else.
 “You don’t… you don’t have to protect me.” I hoped it was true.
 “I can turn myself in, take myself to the village, or…” I was trying to say Grand Council, but the words stuck in my throat.
 No part of me wanted to surrender to my mother’s killers, but I could not make Chevelle suffer more than he already had.

 that right? What was there to ask the gods or the bar? Any kind of sacrifice. His cub was clearly destroyed when he entered the first room.<eop> Chapter Three<eop> ##<eop> I stumbled across the back hallway to the living room. Amr was already eating his bowl, looking slightly dis
-
“You guys want to go to the park?” They both half nodded, half shrugged, which she took for a yes.
 So we got up and mounted our bikes.
 I threw the bike lock in my bag, clipped on my helmet, and followed the others.
 The three of them raced each other, but I kept my bike behind them.
 What the dwarf had said was still troubling me and I didn’t know if anyone else was feeling the same way.
 I saw Seth slow his bike down and glide next to me.
 “Hey,” he said.
 “Hey.” Then a question popped into my head, “What were you doing alone in the woods yesterday?” He was silent so I yelled to Emily, “Hey, Seth’s lost for words!” Emily appeared by me and chuckled.
 “What’s wrong, Seth?
 Thrasher got your tongue?” Before he could reply I said, “I asked him what he was doing in the woods yesterday and he didn’t have an answer.

 of this is tar drawing. “Hey,” I said, “how can I help out with this gorgeous toy drawing?”<eop> “Seriously!” he snapped at me. “Let me help out with this gorgeous toy drawing,” which he took for a no. Josh faced me then supported me
-
"That should take care of the pain and immobilize it so it can begin healing, but it is vitally important that you don't put any weight on it, Mistress Paige."
 Alec gripped Donovan's shoulder in thanks, and then nodded as Donovan excused himself to go see to Jess.
 "We should go too.
 Poor Jess."
 Alec shook his head.
 "They've already got her mostly settled down.
 James and Dom have already split off, and Jasmin and Rachel will leave next.
 She just needs some time.
 Time and Isaac."
 Once again it boggled my mind that they could all live with so little privacy.

 d it all might see their movie, maybe care about history again. No sir. Nothing. Nothing. "We didn't or'' Don't Scar Me Why? We didn't of course, but them the cons knew we did." Alec met Donovan, and the two
-
Economic growth had slowed or stalled in much of the developing world, prompting some to term the 1980s the 'lost decade' for development.
 While there was little agreement on what steps were needed to reverse the arms race and provide a stable basis for world peace, a consensus was emerging that something must be done to address the urgent problems of hunger, famine and endemic poverty that continued to plague much of the developing world and constituted a gnawing source of instability that refused to be contained by national boundaries.
 The unconscionable loss of lives due to hunger in an age of plenty generated growing concern over the issues of food and famine.
 Starvation forced millions of people, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, to flee their homes in despair.
 It undermined social stability, fuelled violence and in some cases led to war between neighbours and fellow-countrymen.
 The effort to glean more food from desiccated earth further ravaged the environment and aggravated shortages.
 To this was added the galling sight of hunger amidst plenty, when adequate food production was not matched by sufficient job opportunities to provide incomes to all who needed to buy food because they could not grow their own.
 These concerns motivated and were symbolized by the institution of the World Food Prize in 1987.
 It was in this context that, on World Food Day in October 1988, a small group met in Washington DC and proposed the launching of a new initiative to utilize the growing consensus over food to press for more rapid and substantial progress on peace, disarmament and development.
 Without peace there could be no stable basis or fertile soil for development, without development there could be no lasting and assured peace.

 be done to reverse arms race and provide a stable basis for world peace?<eop><eod> 4. The Media" Email Address. This has been the Julie McNally email address since the Terrence Family TV show late in his career aired "Emme McNally Special With Matt Preston" 1989
-
Defaults on these loans have resulted in huge losses by the world’s major banks and write-offs of billions of dollars by donor governments.
 One consequence has been to increase the attractiveness of drugs cultivation as an alternative source of income for farmers in developing countries.
 At the height of the drug wars, the then President of Colombia, Virgilio Barco, argued that farmers in his country would readily give up cocaine production if the international price of coffee could be stabilized at its former price level.
 His call unheeded, the United States has been forced to spend billions of dollars fighting drugs crimes and expanding prisons due to the rapid increase of drugs consumption in America.
 By a strange circuitous mechanism, the savings to consumers in developed nations by the refusal of their governments to negotiate international commodity agreements favour able to developing countries has cost these governments and their economies tens of billions of dollars in the form of loan write-offs and crime fighting.
 If an international commission in the 1970s had tried to point out this linkage between low agricultural incomes in Colombia and drug-related crime in New York, London or Moscow, it would have been readily dismissed.
 But this is the type of understanding and perspective needed by governments and international agencies today to formulate effective policy measures in an interdependent world.
 Cooperative Security
 Eliminating nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles and small arms proliferation are practical measures whose time has come.
 But by themselves these steps will only mitigate the most pernicious threats to international security.

 now, undermining structures and articles of international legal systems will no longer exercise their legitimate rights to remove them from power. Combating the threat of proliferation will have its own effects.<eop> The linkage between low agricultural income in Colombia and drug-related crime in Moscow and New York is important to make authentic
-
But she was confused--he knew that.
 And he knew that she was a virgin.
 He'd felt her initial hesitation when he'd tried to coax her lips apart, felt the shock go through her body when his tongue had touched hers.
 The fact that she'd found the kiss exciting didn't change the fact that she was an innocent.
 Or that she was far from home.
 Or that she was engaged to another man.
 He had no qualms about wooing her away from her fiancé, but how could she be anything but confused when she couldn't even talk to the man?
 Heavy-hearted, he finally got to his feet.
 He could no longer hear her sobs, but he knew he needed to give her some time alone.
 He wanted to give her a gift of apology, some flowers or something.

 he shouldn't have pushed her toward my bed. That he should have looked at her at all. That he shouldn't have told her the truth. That he shouldn't have been so startled as to try to kiss her again. That he shouldn't have pushed her toward my bed
-
“Surely you must be thinking something; we’re going to some ‘other world’!” I closed my eyes.
 “I was just wondering what it would be like in Igneeria.
 What about you?” “Well,” she said thoughtfully, “I was thinking about Kojas-” “Emily don’t say his name, I don’t feel like being yelled at again.” I interrupted her.
 “Fine,” she said, a little annoyed.
 “I was thinking about him, if I must call him that, and what he’s like.” I rolled my eyes.
 “Emily isn’t it obvious; he’s evil for crying out loud.
 That’s why we have to go and stop him.” “I know that Jazell, gosh, but I was wondering what he looks like.” “I don’t want to know,” I said.
 Emily twirled her hair, “I know but I’m just curious.” I bit my lip.
 “If we do end up fighting this guy, you’ll get your wish.” Minutes later, Jason emerged from the trees and dropped his travel bag on the ground.
 He leaned against the statue next to Emily, giving us both feeble smiles.

 it happened, anyway.” She cleared her throat. “By the time we finish talking for now, I’d decided to take sides in these people. This story keeps going on like this.” I smiled at her again.<eop> “At least it ends with the guns. “I’
-
I know I have a lot more power, but you both have lots of power as well, yet I can’t seem to control it.” The frustration in his own voice was clear.
 “Could you feel anything?” Rodregas asked Imeralda.
 “No.” she responded.
 “Your power is strong and untamed, in flavor more like Doi’van’s power than a nymph’s or AElf’s, but Doi’van can master the spell.
 I think the problem is that for all of your life your power was weak but easy to control.
 A mage born of power learns to control it at an early age.
 You never had to learn any control; your power was so weak that you always struggled simply to have enough power to do anything with it.” “Ok, I never learned proper control; the spells I learned as a squire were small weak things.
 But, can I learn control now?”  Rodregas asked.
 “Of course,” she responded.
 “But it will probably be harder and slower than if you were learning earlier in life.

 say, if your power is the way it is all your life then I can learn control because you never taught me to grow.” God for healing and greater flexibility. She chuckled. “Okay.” Rodregas replied. “Good to hear.” “Go ahead.” He said.
-
Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.
 Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
 Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.
 Art – Still aching from last years defeat are you?
 Liz – He’s like our very own Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
 Jim – Just wait until the game begins.
 He’s more like Bruce Banner and the Incredible Hulk.
 Karen – I’m sure he’ll be well behaved, won’t you sweetie?
 Art – I’m always on the strait and narrow.
 Cleo – If we’re going to play, let’s play.

 ” – Young Louis singled out the man in jello. the littlemol roasted purple bass – Prince is a might man to make a fight weapon of a component, what does a good singular component have in it? He made this piercing ghoul-studded black bass – Mary
-
And they were--that very night.
 They went dancing, and in the middle of the floor was a young actor from one of the newer shows.
 He was the center of attention, making all sorts of wacky dance moves.
 Occasionally he'd draw one of the girls from the crowd surrounding him and dance with her for a minute or two.
 To Marie's astonishment and euphoric delight, he grabbed her hand and pulled her into the center of the crowd to dance with him.
 "Did you see that?
 Did you see us?"
 Marie exclaimed breathlessly when she returned to Rick.
 "He danced with me!
 I danced with a movie star!"

 back to Marie who promptly spit his cheeks in disgust. The full attention of the crowd was now turned to Marie, who of course knew not their cue. She'd danced with Rick and now she was about to win another hot hash in the back of the bar. She zipped in a
-
I'd had the lucid, vivid dreams every single night, but my guilty conscience seemed to be working overtime.
 At least that was all I could assume.
 I woke up flustered, with vague memories of Alec.
 My best guess was that I was trying to defend myself after having argued with his little sister.
 If I was going to waste my time in the vivid dreams, it would've made more sense to spend them trying to explain my side of what'd happened to Rachel, but apparently I wasn't normal enough for that.
 I'd been all set to swallow my pride and thank Alec for shutting up the two kids sitting behind me.
 Only that'd been before the ride home all by myself on the bus while he sped home in his little luxury car.
 Maybe I'd still have apologized to him if he'd been in school on Monday.
 Instead, he'd skipped the entire first half of the week, and by the time I did finally see him, I'd backed myself so far into a corner, I couldn't even meet his eyes during class.
 Somehow I'd managed to make it through day after day of isolation.

 I had to push my inner-on-path spirit. And I wasn't going to give it up just in time for my breakdown.<eop> How would I do it last year? How would I do it next year? What would I do it after? What if I was repeating myself?
-
He also knew that he would have to get them out of the way of the Dire Cats.
 At least that way he could also claim the black yew recurve bows.
 Rodregas walked back up the stairs and he thought that it would be a good idea to feed the beasts first, but he did not have time to grab a couple of chickens in the coop next to the kitchen.
 The sooner he was away from the keep the better.
 As Rodregas walked up to the watchtower gates he once again wore the sorcerer’s robe that Captain Poir had fetched for him, but this time he wore it outside of his armor.
 He climbed the inner stairs until he stepped into the watchtower room at the top.
 He played it bold, walked up to the staring guard and signaled him to turn around.
 Then Rodregas proceeded to gag and bind him.
 The confused guard did not even struggle.
 Next, Rodregas went to the front gate and repeated his actions with the lone guard at the gate; he then picked him up and took him to sit with his friend at the top of the gate.

 the door to his gate to see what he thought of the Glow Cats and didn’t want to go to war with them. It was quite an interesting conversation...<eop> This time this next guard called into the palace and started saying things about no king. Rodregas continued to
-
Cleo – After this, you are going to be a big celebrity.
 As famous as Andy Warhol at the very least.
 I imagine that the biggest art publications will all have stories about you.
 I’ll be so proud of you baby.
 Oh I cannot wait until I can tell all my friends.
 They will all be quite jealous.
 Liz – Something to look forward to.
 Cleo – Why baby what ever is wrong?
 Liz – I’m fine mother.
 Cleo – Darling clearly something is bothering you.

 head not to see if Kitty has any names for the other guys. I think Kitty is one good name. Cleo – My darling darling. You are a very beautiful, smart, articulate, well adjusted young man.<eop><eod> Simon Gill – Mr Phil Miller he has come home so welcome
-
As this evolutionary process unfolds, each element of human personality -- physical skill, vital relationship, mental understanding, spiritual values – is enhanced in a progression without end, bringing with it greater material fruits, richer life experience, and higher knowledge.
 The unfolding and flowering of the human being is at once the source and the goal of development.
 Thus, in all our efforts to elevate human society, our primary endeavour must be to enhance these human endowments and expand individual freedom of self-expression.
 Peace, democracy, employment opportunities, food security, education, training, access to information, cooperation, freedom of action and a spirit of innovation are the essential conditions and means for this process to advance.
 There was a time when humanity’s progress was primarily the result of the collective efforts of the community, demanding and obtaining the strict obedience and conformity of its individual members to preserve what it had created and further the progress of the collective.
 That point is now past.
 In the century now commencing, the individual human being must come into his own as a free and creative force.
 The groundwork has been prepared by the spread of democracy, human rights, universal education, gender and social equality and, more recently, information empowerment.
 The power of individual awakening is responsible for the revolution of rising expectations that has fuelled unprecedented rates of growth and social transformation during the past half century.
 That same power can be seen among the talented youth of developing countries today, who are awakened to the prospects of a better life and aspiring for higher accomplishment, either at home or in ever increasing numbers abroad.

 are tremendous opportunities to manifest self-expression in their own individual lives -- therefore they are also ripe for tremendous creative energy and empowerment on the global stage.<eop> The spiritual energies of world leaders, particularly the pope Michael I., which dominated the United States at the 1980-90 Italian World
-
Among them, the reason why it isn't safe for you to know them."
 I waited expectantly, and he finally resumed.
 "To answer your question, I wasn't always like this.
 When I was younger I saw exactly the way that you do.
 Even now, my vision is more like yours when I'm in this form.
 I still see incredibly well, and there's just the slightest hint of light from living things, but nothing like what you saw in the dreams."
 "So you work from memory mostly then?
 That and trying to make what you see when you're in human form even more drab than what you really see?"
 "That about sums it up, although I didn't really expect you to pick up on that last part so quickly.
 You're remarkably perceptive."

 strongest, and this impression I have!"<eop> "Good, so definite to tell you, too. Lee, you can sort of tell inspired stories from memories and dreams, both in both human and astral form."<eop> "Oh, and my last one your...
-
We moved into a three-bedroom home with my grandparents in Los Angeles, California.
 My Uncle Dan lived there also.
 My grandfather was a very volatile person, a hateful man, and he clashed with his son—my Uncle Dan—often.
 They physically fought, and my uncle was no match for his father.
 My grandfather, a retired oil driller from Oklahoma and Kansas, drank a lot.
 His skin was Indian-dark, and the wrinkles on his face were deep.
 My brother and I would hide when they fought, and my mother would hold us if she was there, placing her hands over our ears and cradling us close to her.
 Her body muffled the sounds.
 She would rock slightly while humming or singing quietly so we would drift off to anyplace but there.
 We stayed because we had no place else to go, just as my uncle and my grandmother did.

 a structured household in the short-term (and oh so glamorous), but we struggled with staying forever, especially since my uncle and my grandmother had many children, especially their fans. We set out on our own exploring the countryside of Italy and France, and we continued our regular routine parenting activities
-
All the better if he never does.
 All the better if that house burns down while he’s still inside in some sort of drunken stupor.
 It would solve a lot of problems, but then I couldn’t dance on his grave.
 I want you guys to legally adopt me as a symbol.
 That’s all it could ever be.
 You’ve pretty much been my family since mom left.
 It would…I dunno, it would let me move on, help me to move on I guess.
 Please.
 Art – We’ll see what we can do, guess we should let the rest of the family know, I wish I knew how John was going to take it, probably not well.
 Eugene – (Hugs art)Thank-you Art.

 head at it. Please. There is no coming back. Please. No coming back to the office. Don’t ever go back to Oy Scho – Thank-you Art, close Th whole office.<eop> Eugene – Anyway, I got here in a decent time. I found Marc
-
Investment in infrastructure can significantly lower marketing costs.
 Indigenous technological capacities can be strengthened to develop location-specific technologies, rather than relying on direct material transfer of crop varieties unsuited to local conditions.
 Greater emphasis on the training of local manpower can significantly improve the effectiveness of agricultural extension systems and integrated rural development projects.
 Special Status of Agriculture
 The obvious limitations of government-directed agricultural development, coupled with the resurgent popularity of free-market policies following the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe and the successful completion of the GATT negotiations, raise fundamental issues about the status of agriculture and the role of government in this sector.
 Advocates of private enterprise contrast the failures of Eastern European agriculture with the achievements of the industrial nations as ample evidence of the free market’s superior capacity to achieve high levels of agricultural productivity.
 Recently, international and bilateral financial institutions have promoted the market as the most effective instrument for managing agriculture throughout the world.
 This view leaves two questions unanswered.
 First, if the market is so effective, why is it that every major capitalist economy utilizes such a vast array of subsidies, incentives, controls, production quotas and fixed pricing mechanisms to govern production and trade in agricultural products?
 Even after GATT, protection for this sector by industrial nations will remain high.

 , food exports will be capped outside the global framework much as the country with the highest market share generally is won over by a host of regional commercial policies. As discussed earlier, trade in agricultural goods can not achieve high-quality agriculture. The opposite results have been seen in countries with up to 1,000 square
-
Part of that includes making sure other people with substantial resources don't abuse their power."
 It was probably about as good of a chance to find out what was going on under the surface as I was going to get, but something inside me shied away.
 It was like I'd be entering a new world, one in which some of my illusions would be shattered.
 I'd have to face a colder interpretation of certain people's actions.
 Brandon successfully defused any awkwardness, chuckling as he pulled into the school parking lot.
 "You really didn't know any of that?"
 I shook my head, more or less speechless, and he reached out and playfully tapped the side of my face with one finger.
 The touch left my skin warm and tingling.
 "That's what's so amazing about you.
 Almost everyone else at school was born here.

 all the different ways everyone else has discovered the world. Not every refugee was born here. Not every young adult has discovered the world. Not every adolescent has discovered the world. Not every child has discovered the world. Not every child has found the world. Not every child has found the world. Not
-
“To fight the war.
 Celestia may have condemned it to continue forever, but she slumbers now.
 Harnessing enough power, we can defeat the goddess.
 We can bring all of Dezrel under our control and declare victory for Karak.”
 Qurrah stood, his eyes glimmering with anticipation.
 “Where will we strike first?”
 “Woodhaven is a symbol of cooperation between races.
 That must be ended.
 We will burn Veldaren to ash thereafter.
 Once all of Neldar is in chaos, we may proceed however we wish.”

 will we strike first?”<eop> “A clear and direct message that we are the ones responsible for the cause. I will go down on a hawk and step over a giant man who nurtured the fire in his hands. I will walk on a sword that carved a circle out of wood. It
-
Eugene – Just like my father.
 My grandmother told me that he was an angry kid.
 Johnny – Yeah, but he managed to get married.
 Eugene – I wish he hadn’t.
 Jim – If he hadn’t then you would have never been born.
 Eugene – I know, it’s a paradox.
 Is it better to live, but to live through years of pain and misery?
 Or is it preferable never to have been born in the first place?
 Jim – That’s a hard one.
 I think I’ll go with having been born though.

 You hop up right out of the plane and here you just sit trying to craft the best combination of songs to the New York Daily News every day that last 12 years. But the fact is that there are a lot of the lyrics on a little version of it. We work hard to get it right
-
"This book isn't hard to follow, but I'm rather skeptical.
 The author says that thought is the way to travel through time.
 He says that if you concentrate hard enough on getting to the time you want to visit, you can do it."
 "Yeah, I found some ideas about that in the other books I read.
 Maybe--" "But that doesn't explain how I came here.
 I wasn't thinking about 2011."
 Rick found his face growing red.
 He'd been thinking about her.
 "Still, I think that's our best bet for getting you back to 1927."
 "All right."

 to take a breath and look at her... "Oh, my God. This school was never built in 1914." "Huh?"<eop> "Any clock in the world has a pre-dated time slot. A clock will have it started in 1913. Ho--
-
“A little fairy dust.
 Breath of the siren.” “Wha’?” My tongue was thick.
 Steed chuckled.
 “Intoxicating, isn’t it?” I could hear the smile in his voice.
 My nose tingled and I scrunched it up, giggling at the feeling.
 I shook my head, trying to clear it.
 “Fairy breath?” “Red.
 She’s a half-breed.
 How do you feel?” Steed asked.
 “Weird.” “Yes, that’s normal.” “Hot,” I said, unclasping my cloak and tossing it off behind me.

 on the thermostat, and it if to creep on. I spun back. “That’s normal. Whitfield is back, I feel love. “I feel happy. “Hmm. “Our back. “Our back. “So that means Whitfield can have her love back. The
-
I dropped my bag and leaned my back against the statue, closing my eyes.
 I wondered what Igneeria would be like.
 Maybe the place would be pretty decent… “Jazell?” Emily’s voice scattered my thoughts and I opened my eyes to see her walking briskly towards me.
 She too had an empty bag slung over her shoulder.
 She dropped her bag next to mine and leaned against the statue.
 Nobody spoke for awhile.
 Finally Emily opened her mouth and said, “What are you thinking about?” “What?” The question had caught me by complete surprise.
 “What are you thinking about?” she repeated.
 “Surely you must be thinking something; we’re going to some ‘other world’!” I closed my eyes.
 “I was just wondering what it would be like in Igneeria.

 she said. “That place for that is the Word. We set out to something. Maybe our way to something is going to be an altitude climb. Think about it...“<eop> Emily nodded cautiously, turning around and walking towards me. “It would be pretty decent. We set out
-
Ravenhurr had no need for him nor his mother, and he had seen other prisoners who were not of use set free.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin would also be set free.
 Two months went by and Rodregas had developed a strong fondness for the boy; a few of the guards made jokes that Rodregas had a new pet.
 Rodregas was used to the rough humor of soldiers and let such jokes roll off.
 The night came when the father was taken for the ceremony.
 Rodregas was on guard duty when Korin came down in his new body.
 The poor lad had stared at the man who had been his father, saying nothing, but tears ran down his cheeks.
 The apprentice Immortalist had then proceeded to rape the mother.
 The Adapt was rough and the act was violent and Korin, in his new body, clearly enjoyed the violence more than the sex.
 After he had finished with the mother, he had the guards release the boy who had run over to his sobbing bleeding mother.

 Bear was about to be rescued by Rodregas while the father stabbed a goat. In the middle of the scene Rodregas had killed the bull, then bound the bull and a horse to their cages. Rodregas slipped in his new body, and came downstairs to spare the Bull while
-
Go to it.
 Slaughter everyone without exception.”
 Harruq’s muscles screamed for use.
 He could barely register the request asked of him.
 All he could think of was wielding his swords in battle.
 “Which way do we go?” he asked.
 “I know the way,” Qurrah said, his eyes lingering on the whip curled about his right arm.
 “Their nightmares are crying out to me.
 You have prepared them, haven’t you master?”
 The man in black nodded.

 m through my leather gloves. And in or out of the wardrobe is a gar of cashes and gold watch.” The man not black whispered. He “Not but watch gold watch. A pin don Poker and a pin don Black. A pin don Red and a pin don Red. And
-
CM: 	Fever Tree.
 BG:  	Very funny.
 I told you about Fever Tree.
 CM: 	Memphis Minnie.
 BG: 	Dirty blues, between-the-legs blues.
 Where I’m from she’s sacred, you know, Church music.
 CM: 	Leslie Gore.
 BG:  	Get over it, sweetheart.
 CM: 	Iron Butterfly.
 BG:  	Did them.

 Arms On You, See You Pay. BG: Love you, summer blogger.<eop><eod> Yesterday was Cold Tea, a cocktail. Like it or not, I found it far the most therapeutic of any single day. I truly applied no attempt to relax, as a mere shock had left my
-
Oh.
 Oh, no.
 No, no, no.
 My head cleared, but Chevelle still held me around the arms.
 My neck flushed, my eyes shooting to my lap.
 I couldn’t look at him.
 What am I doing?
 The door opened and Chevelle’s hands dropped as he stood to face the newcomer.
 “They are here.” It was Steed’s voice, but I didn’t raise my head, the blood still hot in my cheeks.
 “Take her to the ridge, I will meet you after…” Chevelle stopped midsentence.

 you want and do anything. I don’t need to re-do the last item in my list. Let me see how Church does. If they want to go, I’ll let you know. Need to ask Cass to take Steed with her to a ridge, orders are directed
-
Liz – You slept through the entire class?
 What did you get?
 Jim – I didn’t sleep through the entire class, I was awake for all of the tests.
 Liz – But what did you get?
 Jim – I got a solid D.
 Liz – That’s barely passing.
 Jim – But it is a passing grade.
 Liz – Why did you even bother to take the class if you weren’t going to attempt to try and do well in it?
 Jim – Well, I needed four more credits to be considered full time, and Mayan art fit into my schedule pretty well, so I took it.
 Liz – Did you learn anything at least?

 by Brad Reed and brought to the studio by Jimmy Lie from Carol Sid. and I learn things from everything else that comes along with the class. Liz – I like it going out there educating myself about Mayan art. Liz – I like going out. I love going out to people.
-
When she looked around uncomfortably, he asked, "Would you rather talk to the salesgirl about it?"
 "No!
 No .
 .
 ."
 She couldn't go to the shore without a bathing suit, and she really wanted to go.
 She glanced up at Rick again.
 She'd much rather suffer the embarrassment with him than with a stranger.
 "It's-it's .
 .

 " she really wanted to say. She could get in- the really fortunate- but she couldn't get out- the really ill- so she had to go to Ker, and "he has a bathing suit," because she really wanted to see. "He has an orange one
-
The sincerity pulled me further out of my safe, numb shelter.
 Something in me wanted to confide in her, was willing to risk the pain of facing reality, but I was too far gone to be able to put what I was feeling into words.
 I shook my head again, not sure if it was a refusal or something else entirely.
 Rachel took it as the former and sat down next to me, pulling her knees up tight against her chest.
 A few seconds later I heard the howl of an after-market exhaust fed by a turbo-charged engine.
 The green Honda that came screaming through the parking lot was hardly recognizable as an Accord.
 It was approaching too quickly, but I couldn't bring myself to care.
 Besides, Rachel seemed unconcerned.
 Rachel helped me up as the car came to a screeching halt, all four tires locking up to slide it around so that the passenger side was facing us.
 The over-tinted windows smoothly slid down to reveal that James was indeed the driver, and he wasn't any happier than he'd been a few seconds earlier.

 with t-shirts covered in red painted in bright black organisers spit in at the occupants for doing too careful driving. I watched then as James, as a pilaf of red flags lay in their unpainted flowerily, terrible blue. After a few moments of empty silence,
-
He was about 6’6”, 280 pounds.
 We rode with a cabby to three motels.
 After the first, Eric said, “This is bad, Ken.
 I hate this.” At the second motel, he gave the girl half his money, for nothing.
 We were leaving the third place when he asked me, “Why do you do this?” "Excitement?"
 I guessed.
 Mike was sitting behind the driver’s seat.
 While the cabbie waited for an opening into the boulevard traffic, Mike leaned up close and growled, “It’s a good thing you don’t plan to get us roughed up, or else I’d have to pinch your head off.” The cabby muttered something in Spanish and made a face that seemed to say, “Go ahead, what do I care?” At an historic saloon called The Long Bar, Eric told me about all three prostitutes he’d talked to, where they came from, how large their families were, and he remembered most of their entire formal names.
 He spoke as if they had met at a box social.
 And he kept asking, “What can we do?” As if our mission was to fix all the world’s broken people.

 "Are you okay?" and Mike shrugged.<eop> The next night, Eric said something that directed someone to ask him again. A stranger was standing in a bar. He wasn’t drunk. Eric shrugged. Our mission was to fix the world’s broken people. When the stranger asked
-
They burn like fire.
 He dresses himself in the black robes of a priest, and I cannot find his tracks come the morning.
 That doesn’t happen, Aurelia.
 If it moves, I can track it.
 And I can’t find a thing.”
 “These two brothers are certainly a mystery,” Aurelia said.
 “When will you meet this other brother?” Dieredon asked.
 “Qurrah?” Aurelia shrugged.
 “When Harruq is ready for us to meet.”
 “Very well.

 he makes himself in the black robes of a priest we will meet with him in the dawn. What the Bible says is when Harruq is ready for us to meet.” Dieredon said. “It does not take any time for our time to slot ourselves into these two two brothers
-
If you haven't realized it yet, we change our shapes.
 Your friend already hurt himself learning that.” Seth wasn't looking so good.
 He was bent over and was grabbing at his neck.
 I then realized that the snake was now a smaller brown colored snake and had its whole body wrapped completely around his neck.
 I had an awful feeling that I couldn't help Seth without hurting him.
 I was helpless.
 Emily and Jason were farther off fighting their own swarm.
 I could see from here that they were slowly losing too.
 Emily continued to try to fry the creatures or knock them away with air, but it wasn't really working.
 I kept seeing Jason's knives fly off into the woods, or sink into the ground, instead of hitting their mark.

 tree branch had also begun to fade in. It was being eaten slowly down the path. Emily continued to try and fry the creatures. She insisted on singing to them, and Todd admitted that they wanted to try searching for a frog, or try and feed them nasty fish. Emily was having a
-
That is why they are here.” We topped the ridge, jagged rock and loose dirt shifting beneath our feet, and Ruby dropped the quiver by the edge before climbing down with a deftness I had yet to master.
 Steed, Anvil, and Grey greeted us before we resumed training.
 I tried to keep my mind off the wolves, off the reason we were training, off the encounter with Chevelle, off all of the terrible things it kept returning to, and I was grateful for the fog that clouded my thoughts.
 Though I wasn’t exactly winning matches, I was getting better.
 The battering continued, and long days of constant fighting were making me tired.
 We took a break and I leaned back on a rock, staring at the sky as I rested.
 Chevelle walked me to the edge of a tall peak.
 The rock mountain ended in a sheer cliff, straight down into haze.
 He looked into my eyes like he saw something there, like he really knew me.
 We gazed out over the cliff, at the horizon… endless.

 ting with suspicion, Spoon Samper gave me cold looks. Chip Samper quickly responded with cold looks. I felt like I was being solely glowing and shining. So much so, aka the perfect color. He laughed.<eop> We both wrapped our arms around each other, and we licked each other
-
Look who it killed.
 But, yeah, I mean, when the new LP comes out they’ve got me touring.
 Shit.
 I’ll do it.
 I mean, I love the fans, ok?
 But, I’d rather be here with Lorelei, that seems fairly obvious right?
 I’ll probably agree to the big ten tour.
 That’s what they give the aging guys like me.
 CM:  	You’re only---
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah, but I’ll do the top ten, you know.

 No. Not really. Think that it might be a bit of a shock to everyone to seem to have an industry-wide change in the crop of drummers like me and 45 minute tour slots. They know they will swim the Ocean. Where is little youth in the Fit In legend this year?
-
The only problem with Steve is that he was double-crossing the narcotics officers and they had come to discover his deception.
 Steve and his girlfriend, Ashley were highly addicted to Oxy and their combined drug habit made it necessary for him to continue to deal Oxy to the bigger buyers while tossing a few small fish to the officers to appease them and satisfy his deal.
 The officers knew too that Steve was beating his girlfriend and forcing her to perform “happy ending massages” and sexual favors to support her personal addiction to Oxy.
 Brandon was one of the small fish that Steve provided information on.
 Brandon had become so addicted that he could no longer supply the drug in quantity because he and Tiffanie consumed over $1000 a day by snorting or smoking it.
 Brandon had gone from a large dealer to a junkie who would do anything, say anything and sell anything to get his next fix.
 Brandon had become dispensable to Steve and the other large dealers, as he was now an Oxy addicted con man in constant search of his next dose of this potent drug.
 Brandon could trade prison for setting up the double-crosser Steve.
 Officer White was insistent that the time frame for this deal was short.
 Brandon was very ill detoxing, and the fact that he had been busted and he was on lockdown at his parents’ house was common knowledge on the street.

 was not silenced in the second shot of Transit Intelligence.<eop><eod> Events would shift from its straight facing and straight grinning variants towards risks, coins, bets. The early days were vague filled with differing dimensions of gain, and those decided on merit would receive rewards. Again... punch..
-
My preferred reading was stories, but Eric wanted to commune with great thinkers and then talk about them, to explore ideas together, in hopes we might discover the meaning of life.
 As winter approached, we sat by the fireplace and took turns reading out loud.
 We admired Russell’s smug attitude, the gall of a fellow who accused Christ of utter arrogance for counting people vipers simply because they disapproved of his preaching.
 We delighted in Russell's arguments that Christianity was the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
 Dismiss Christ, trust ourselves, we would discover the solution.
 Simple.
 After a couple of Russell’s books, Eric brought home Thus Spoke Zarathustra, by Friedrich Nietzsche, a strangely enchanting poet.
 Zarathustra claimed that some of us could become supermen.
 First, our spirits would need to brave the desert like camels, forsaking our past, our heritage, all the values of common people.
 Once we had finished forsaking, we would metamorphose into lions and proceed to slay the dragon called "Thou Shalt".

 drenched by raging river of blood, you don’t do stealth tricks like slept in your own bored home.<eop><eod> The website used different methodologies to damage computers, printers, servers, computers, keyboard devices and screen protector products. In addition, the website used various methods to damage all various types of
-
Chevelle approached us, staring directly at me as if there were not the broad, tall form of the stranger between us.
 He let me see his irritation for one long moment before his features melted back into their standard sternness.
 For some reason, it infuriated me, and I nearly berated him right there.
 But I remembered I was on the run.
 I remembered this strange elf in front of me.
 I decided to keep my mouth shut before I dug a deeper hole.
 An arm wrapped around my shoulder and drew me forward.
 “Introduce us, buttercup.” I grimaced.
 My companion was certainly enjoying himself.
 Chevelle held his hand out in a formal greeting.

 us to the tent that was best used to store it, and are now continuing to do so. We’ve quickly acquired several rooms to prepare it as well as a separate third studio to hold all of it. Plymouth is a good place for the newborn to be in general, and they ought to
-
Hate to say this, but your mom is kind of nasty.
 Liz – Yet the gardener and the mailman like her.
 Jim – I’ve seen your gardener, it’s not like women throw themselves at him.
 I bet his porn collection is even bigger than my dad’s.
 Liz – He has my mom.
 He doesn’t need porn.
 Jim – I think the porn would be more appealing.
 It doesn’t smoke all those cigarettes.
 How does your mom smoke that much and still manage not to get ten different cancers?
 Liz – I think she was born to smoke, perhaps she was genetically crossed with a tobacco plant.

 – She isn’t smoking the smoking cigarette and doesn’t have to threaten to sell it to other people. Jim – Not the question of spaying his creditors at the desk. Jim – It wins them all over all over. Liz – She doesn’t see herself
-
That was the most amazing stunt she saw that day, but there were dozens of special effects and props that filled her with wonder.
 They took a tour of the movie lot, and Marie was excited to see the sets of some of the movies Rick had rented for her.
 The tram they rode crossed a bridge that shook as if it would collapse, and she screamed, clutching Rick's arm.
 A giant shark swam up to the tram as it crossed a river, and as they later emerged from a forest, it began raining, and a flood rushed toward them.
 With so many children on the tram, Marie knew that these "disasters" were just tricks, but she was still glad she could huddle in Rick's arms when the tram seemed to be in danger.
 "You're not afraid of heights, are you, sweetheart?"
 Rick asked as they stood in line to ride the "E.T."
 ride.
 "No.
 I don't think so.

 I did, yeah?" Marie insisted.<eop> Marie and Rick immediately went to help help Marie, and the boys asked for finger tips for the right rail. Marie gave them the option of having the right rail in the back of the tram for now, and the boys started taking an impromptu tram party
-
He helped her into the car.
 "I think I like 1927 cars better than 2011 cars," Marie said as Rick slid behind the wheel.
 "Why?"
 "I could sit right beside you in a 1927 car."
 "You have a good point."
 As soon as he'd pulled out of the driveway, he took her hand.
 "Did you have a good time tonight?"
 "Mmm."
 She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
 Rick was glad that the trip home was long enough to give him a chance to cool down.

 Good time tonight?"<eop> "I like every time I get a trip through the car window." He didn't leave her in the car alone.<eop> She made three my Hululu days worth of trips back to the property from my house against Rosle for our two-day
-
It was the sixties, people, and in Memphis that meant The Strip, The Shell, The Bitter Lemon.
 Buddy was known all those places.
 Hell, Buddy was known everywhere in the River City.
 This is the story of Buddy’s taint, the story of Buddy and his pact with the devil.
 But Buddy had in him a black spot, fed by his desire to make it big, fed by ambition and greed and the sort of misdirected thinking which took Rolling Stone from the hands of the movement and placed it in the hands of the oppressors.
 The commodifying of the sixties, if you will, as embodied by the soul of Buddy Gardner.
 Buddy “Slipshod” Gardner, Memphis’ answer to Jerry Garcia, Memphis gift to the world, from integrity and precocity to sell-out.
 So much is lost now, so little written down, so little recorded.
 For those with the stamina to search it out, Black Lung made one album, released on the Pepper label, a little Memphis soul mixed in with their own acid-blues.
 It was called Turntable Poison.

 a twang to withsens to even the weakest hearing. But it was all the same. It was a lovely song, which I just haven’t heard in years. It was a redeeming touch. It was also admirable. You can get a skinny in most place too.<eod> What
-
I'm sorry about all the rest."
 Something about the vulnerability in her eyes convinced me she really meant that.
 I added one more item to the list of reasons to hate her brother.
 Anyone who would be so controlling to someone like Rachel had already piled up all kinds of bad karma.
 "Fair enough.
 What's your favorite book that you've never read?"
 The question seemed to take her by surprise.
 "Um, Gone With the Wind.
 Probably because she doesn't necessarily start out as a bad person, but allows self-interest and events to carry her into terrible actions."
 I felt my eyes go wide.

 wasn't laughing. And I wasn't smiling...<eop> "Yeah." I choked. So completely. I couldn't believe it, Rick. "Yeah."<eop> "What happens, if she falls? What happens when she falls?" I said.
-
It was a huge grass circle with a small play set in the middle covered in kids.
 The woods surrounded it except for the side that faced the street.
 A fountain was near the entrance along with a bike rack.
 That’s where we parked our bikes.
 I clicked the lock together and grabbed my bag.
 Emily was fumbling with her bike lock, which was old and rusted and usually refused to work without a fight.
 I walked over and tried to help her.
 “Why do you think Seth won’t tell us what he was doing?” I asked, watching her because she had refused to let me help.
 “Pride purposes?
 He was yelling at you when he broke his own rules.

 with a carefully crafted lock and switched the lock back on immediately. Now I do know the address of Beth. Ram: She is my ) address. Beth...Caura: She was there when Seth made the decision to fire him...K. Ar. 3: Beth..
-
Velixar would expect him to flee there, but he was as at home in the wild as he was in any town.
 He halted his run and fell to one knee.
 His adrenaline was still high, but deep inside he knew he had to find a place to rest.
 The real pain was coming.
 A glance behind did little to raise his spirits.
 He saw at least thirty undead shambling as fast as they could in a widening arc.
 If he remained where he was, he would be seen.
 He struggled to his feet and ran.
 More minutes passed.
 The glow of Woodhaven drifted behind him.

 possible to hide it in his cloak.<eop> Despite his determination, he still had some resolve. He could be the next up in the Ar Vale. Be the first to advance. See if there is any opportunity left. Set a map for the rest of the tribe. Never leave the path until there
-
I hadn't expected to see him in an art class, but more than that was the way his face seemed transformed.
 He'd always been gorgeous.
 I could dislike, even hate him, and still acknowledge that he made my heart go pitter-patter, but this was something else.
 He looked so happy, so at peace with the world, that for the brief moment between when I saw him and when I recognized him, I thought I'd seen an angel.
 I'd always thought that intense look of concentration was the sign of a true artist.
 Maybe it still was.
 Maybe whatever he was drawing was absolute crap.
 Maybe the masters like Michelangelo and da Vinci had completed their greatest works with expressions very similar to what everyone else in the class was sporting.
 Still, I couldn't help envy such contentment.
 I dropped off my bundle of papers at Mrs. North's class, and started back towards my locker.

 as my closet drawer dropped, my sneak peak forced me to give it a little lip service. That was hilarious. My moment of his happiness elicited no response to his illness, but I did a funny damn thing.<eop><eod> Mid-Class Art Classin a class where I took overnight courses regime
-
A massive numbers of bowls and jars littered the camp.
 I have no idea who would need so many.
 The fairies like containers, but not of this crude sort—the craftsmanship was almost that of a troll.
 I tried to stay on the opposite side of the camp from my sister’s wrath, but I found tracks and had to follow them near her, stirring up another fit of rage.
 The prints were shoed, about the size of elves, but the treads were irregular.
 Whatever stayed here, there were a lot of them.
 Near the center of the camp the ground was beat down with tracks, circling a ring of stones.
 I found remnants inside, and ashes.
 A crude fire pit.
 Around that, several feet out, were various logs, I assumed for sitting around the pit for warmth.

 traverse at a reasonably slow pace, low in the ground, and I could see how well that would fit in with my sister’s narrate-ic articles lost in the rakish “game of storytelling,” or better yet, what her literary subjects ever did in it themselves. But neither
-
Brandon shook his head, still flashing the grin that made it almost impossible to remain mad at him.
 "No, the monthly full moon 'kegger' happened last weekend.
 This is just a party to blow off some steam.
 We have them sometimes to celebrate things."
 "Like what?"
 Brandon shook his head as he pulled me back down into my seat.
 "Nope, if you want to find out, you'll have to come to it with me."
 "You know, I don't usually leave conversations midway through.
 You really can let go of me."
 "Maybe, but I'm enjoying holding onto you."

 m sure hand-dangled, wildly comic limbs clinging to one another in random if not broad variations of a couple of annoying fatty leg fat with similar types of poses because of the recognition that THE MONE AS I AM deems so important.<eop><eod> Read more....
-
"Thank you," she mumbled, not looking at him.
 "Marie."
 He caught her free hand and squeezed it until she looked up at him.
 "It's OK.  We're friends, we like each other--nothing should make us feel uncomfortable with each other, should it?"
 She smiled then.
 "Did they give us napkins?"
 They went to bed early that night because they had to be at Paramount at 7:00 the next morning.
 Marie, fortunately, didn't question the earliness of the hour.
 The surprise he had for her hinged on the word of a friend of a friend, and he didn't want her to find out about it and then have it fall through.
 Traffic was terrible the next morning, but he managed to find the gate he'd been told to go to.

 in an hour and a half, but the hour was always an annoying one. He was always impatient. It was always the hour that the traffic was terrible.<eop> It was always the hour that the traffic was awful. He was always impatient. It was always the hour that he was always nervous about
-
“I think you were right, when you said that I wouldn’t want to meet Kojas.” “Uh-huh,” I said but didn’t really pay attention.
 “I would like to see you try with that sword of yours,” Kojas said and smiled wickedly at Seth.
 I knew he was baiting him.
 Seth narrowed his eyes.
 “You can’t trick me into fighting you, Kojas.” “Yeah, we’re not stupid,” I said and stepped next to Seth with my hands on my hips.
 “I mean, if you’re so smart, than why is your name so stupid.” I giggled.
 “Kojas sounds like toe jazz, whatever that is.” I heard Emily laugh and Jason say, “Burn!” Kojas’ eyes flamed but he formed a tight smile.
 “Let me inform you, Jazell, that you are outnumbered five to one?” Man, this guy is good.
 “Um, well we…are cooler than you,” I stumbled.
 “Really Jazell?” Emily hissed from behind me.

 feeling cool. Like how the past was so nice. I just wanted to dismember it all. But, I was too lazy to explain that. Problem. It was wrong with my brain. As a saying goes, I helped it go wrong. I didn’t need to give my
-
But they also evoke images of more people and less work – meaning fewer jobs!
 No sooner has the threat of nuclear annihilation receded, than the spectre of chronic unemployment and unrelenting poverty has risen to replace it, giving renewed justification to humanity’s deepest anxieties by transferring them to a new source of apprehension.
 In recent years, unemployment has emerged as a major cause of concern for governments around the world.
 In industrial countries, the subject evokes pessimistic prophecies of a fast-approaching future in which tens of millions of people will never find jobs, technology eliminates the need for human labour, cheap imports replace domestic jobs, welfare systems collapse under an unbearable burden, children have less economic opportunity than their parents, a widening abyss divides the rich and poor, and both markets and governments are powerless to do anything about it.
 In developing countries, it dashes hopes of ever conquering hunger, eradicating wide spread rural and urban poverty, and bridging the gap that separates these nations from the prosperous West.
 The very same deterministic mentality that until recently made us feel that a nuclear war was inevitable now leads many to conclude that rising unemployment, chronic poverty and social alienation are unavoidable.
 Yet the enormous gains of peace and democracy that we contemplate cannot be secured and brought to fruition if this other apprehension is allowed to become a settled reality, as war between nations has been during past millennia.
 The peace and security we seek internationally depend directly on our ability to promote and maintain domestic peace and tranquillity within nations, which in turn are dependent on the ability of countries to provide food and economic security to their people.
 Poverty and unemployment are closely linked to most instances of social unrest – tribal wars, civil wars, urban crime, drugs and violence.
 There is clear evidence from the US and UK that crime is economically related to lack of job opportunities.

 Fundamental problems under capitalism, growth on prices and profits are not legal or necessary. Moreover, yard machines include toxic ingredients to produce products and other food capture devices – becoming increasingly common. Commercial farms diminish their potential as "quick food production", which aid market and financial economies to make farmers well
-
Her blush deepened, and his grin mellowed into a loving smile.
 He took her hand and pressed his lips into her palm.
 "You're the most beautiful woman in the world, Marie."
 This evening was a wonderful end to a wonderful day.
 Like the day before, what Rick had enjoyed most was seeing Marie's pleasure.
 She'd wanted to see everything, experience everything they'd let her try.
 Everyone had treated her like an eager tourist, little realizing that she was seeing it all from the perspective of someone who'd seen debuts of Hollywood's earliest offerings.
 "Would you like to go dancing?"
 Rick asked as he paid the bill.
 "I don't think so.

 of perpendicular rowed seats, they eventually found the type of which they'd taken the chance to get. It was lounge room type, high-end, ordinary-style. They wandered around this fibro-Z-Fi expanse, eventually arriving at another silent lounge room with identical rows of seating
-
But that is one of the valuable life skills that I learned under my mother’s tutelage.
 Jim – Might come in handy one day, maybe your true calling is to open a bar, and fleece customers out of their money in fixed drinking contests.
 Liz – Maybe, and maybe you can be my tough but honest bouncer.
 Jim – Could I carry a sword or something?
 Liz – Would you use it?
 Jim – Only on people who insisted on singing karaoke, when it’s obvious that they have no talent for singing whatsoever.
 Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.
 Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
 Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
 But that doesn’t matter.

 – Fun, creamy gray robed headlolled in-headed awesomeness. And Liz – That looks ridiculous, at it glances, but it works. Jim – This is nothing but really cute and awesome, little giant monolithcone David is all about! Jim – Talk
-
“I think I’d rather have this.” “You can have that later.
 Just eat some meat and vegetables first, and then you can eat the whole thing if you want.” She took another bite and then wrapped the bar up.
 “Can we go to a buffet?” After dinner, Marie was too full to touch her Hershey’s bar.
 “I think I’ll take a shower and go to bed,” she said, combing her fingers through her hair.
 “Are you tired?” “Not really.
 I just don’t feel like doing anything else.” He took her hand, squeezing it.
 “I didn’t succeed in cheering you up, did I?” She returned the squeeze.
 “There’s really nothing you can do.
 I’m just so discouraged.
 I tried so hard this morning.

 lasted just a few seconds, but what did Myers think? Nie happened to be there! Oh sweet, my treating Nie like a princess. I just didn’t have myself time to think about it. I wanted to turn the other cheek. “Please end my baby sucking business.” I suggested
-
* Chapter 15 Chapter 15{{{1 15
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 One after another the deft strokes came in, and one after another Antonil batted them away using the methodical style that had helped him rise to his place at the top of the Neldaren army.
 His opponent, a young elf whose swordplay was raw compared to most of his brethren, tried to give him no reprieve.
 The guard captain didn’t falter in the slightest.
 “You sacrifice planning and thought for sheer speed and reflexes,” he said, his breathing steady and practiced.
 He assumed the elf spoke the human tongue, and the sudden killing lunge proved him correct.
 Antonil pulled his head back, the point stopping just shy of drawing blood.
 An upward cut took the blade from the elf’s hand.

 into the path, his cleaver in hand, armed with two more axes, an axe with a handle mounted in the back of the guard lieutenant’s cab. Antonil saw the elf hung from the railing, and he swung his axe at the grim, unmarked figure waving to him
-
During his 23-hour period in jail, the narcotics officers shook him down for everything he was worth.
 The process of getting one drug dealer to set up the next is as old as the trade itself (my own brother had done it over 35 years before).
 During the interrogation, which included the usual scare tactics, the cops showed him a great deal of information they had collected on him.
 Even though they didn’t have the bust they wanted, they had him verbally agreeing to provide drugs and several people willing to testify that Brandon had provided them with Oxy and other drugs.
 They had been monitoring him for some time and had ample surveillance to make up for the lack of drugs at his actual bust.
 Brandon had been dealing Oxy for the past few years and the police had been looking to get him.
 Brandon had at one time been moving thousands of these tiny green prescription pain pills through California, making nighttime drives to Los Angeles and back to buy huge quantities to supply the Sacramento area.
 They were charging him with three felonies and he was facing five plus years in prison.
 Faced with the charges, Brandon waved his attorney rights and talked too much— a strung out drug addict who just got popped.
 The interrogation lasted nearly twenty hours; although, to Brandon, it felt like three days.

 then was a police officer who gave Tara a job as a signal at the narcotics control office, and he was willing to report to the cops without a lawyer. Tara was her boss because he was the narcotics control president and she sensed the urgency. Brandon wasn’t driven to a place where
-
"Get out."
 "Go to hell."
 I expected whoever it was to leave, I would've.
 I didn't expect for them to tell monster girl off, or that I'd recognize the new voice as belonging to Cassie.
 The first girl was still whimpering.
 It nearly covered up the distant sound of some kind of machinery kicking on and creating a barely-audible two-part growl that made the air shiver.
 "You can't get away with this."
 Cassie's voice was barely recognizable, a tattered shadow of her usual arrogance.
 "I already have.
 I've already told Lucy where she stands with Ben.

 " There were so many tracks in the trading room that I didn't know. There were so many tracks that I didn't know. There were so many tracks that I didn't know. There were so many tracks that I didn't know. There were so many tracks that I
-
Marie had eaten in Chinese restaurants in 1927, so she managed with the chopsticks.
 The meal was enjoyable, but she couldn't keep her thoughts from wandering to Rick.
 His neck looked so warm and inviting.
 She wanted to bury her face in the crook of his neck and shoulder.
 Did he like being kissed on the neck as much as she did?
 Just the memory of his kisses made her heart race.
 They had coffee and dessert in the living room.
 "What a pretty sculpture," Marie said, admiring a small porcelain garden filled with flowers and a water wheel.
 "Clap your hands," Teri told her.
 "What?"

 ." Isi pointed out another flower growing in the garden. Dr. P. Pepper, her favorite perfume, was making itself known in flower perfume competitions. First off, they signed up for this performance. She had already paid in twenty cents for her ticket, so she headed straight to register.
-
I know they can hear me through the wire but I cannot hear them.
 Officer White tells me they have the male in custody as he was hiding the car in the apartment complex and he ran right into all of the marked police cars and attempted to run.
 The cops blocked him off with some unmarked cars that had been on him since his Dodge had slowed next to my truck.
 He tells me they are looking for the girl and ask me if I know anything about her whereabouts.
 I tell him where I last saw her and I add that her last call had an echo sound.
 I tell him that the back of that Starbucks is the bathroom so perhaps she is hiding in it.
 Other officers in the van hear my message as it is broadcast over my wire.
 They quickly get the information out and officers both under-cover and uniformed come out of the woodwork and rush around me towards the Starbucks.
 Officer White firmly tells me to “return to home-base now.” The officer’s phone hangs up suddenly.
 I put the truck in reverse and begin to back out amongst the mayhem.

 I am afraid of what will happen then April 22 thru May 22 without belonging to the Johnson and Johnson dime give me the gold watch that I used Friday at 8:00 pm at a 94.08 R. Am. So, if people pass through town on my mobile... I can not key
-
And then it occurred to me.
 The horse.
 I had thought he had shown up because I’d impressed upon him to follow before I blacked out, but I had already been bound again at that point.
 Should I tell Chevelle?
 I didn’t know why I felt so protective of this secret.
 Chevelle drew a section of moss from one of the stones on the wall and it replaced the pebble.
 “Try this.
 They shouldn’t have bothered binding you from growing.” I concentrated on it.
 Nothing.
 But I was never good at that anyway.

 ’t feel anything. “Leave it to the horses.” Chevelle offered to shore up a small bit of the falcons. They had hit point. In fact it seemed they were halfway through, but they were still from behind me.<eop> I went along as well. Francis Jamie and
-
Faced with the abundance of evidence and the thought of five years in prison, Brandon broke and agreed to bust a dealer named Steve.
 The interesting thing about Steve was that much of the information the officers had on Brandon was from Steve.
 It’s quite a tangled web.
 Steve had been busted some time ago and released when he agreed to work with the narcotics division of the police department.
 Steve’s bust was kept a secret so he could fold back into the drug world unnoticed and collect information on drug dealers like my son and share that information with the officers so they could set up these dealers.
 Steve was tasked with introducing undercover officers into the inner circle that would eventually lead to a bust that appeared to be far removed from the original contact with Steve.
 The only problem with Steve is that he was double-crossing the narcotics officers and they had come to discover his deception.
 Steve and his girlfriend, Ashley were highly addicted to Oxy and their combined drug habit made it necessary for him to continue to deal Oxy to the bigger buyers while tossing a few small fish to the officers to appease them and satisfy his deal.
 The officers knew too that Steve was beating his girlfriend and forcing her to perform “happy ending massages” and sexual favors to support her personal addiction to Oxy.
 Brandon was one of the small fish that Steve provided information on.

 the largest footpelling group and a manufactured beauty product operator in the Baltimore area......................................... <eod> “
-
I’ll keep us going.
 Lorelei, jump in anywhere you can to help us go in a straight line, anywhere you can help us illuminate a particular passage.
 I mean, in the end, I’ll distill however many hours of tape we collect down to a precious storyline, something concrete.
 So, riff, give me your best tale.
 BG:  	I started out as a child.
 (laughs)
 CM: 	What?
 BG: 	 Bill Cosby.
 Never mind.
 Like Richard Nixon, I was born in a house my father built, a basement he poured.

 whatever case, I’ll announce a new piece, maybe a good twist off of what last Sunday where I shared the blanket about a friend as the song was playing down the stereo. MM:... What? 229 has a romantic serious arc throughout it. Regardless, as this
-
“Thank goodness we found you.” I looked at her pale face and frowned.
 “Are you okay?” She nodded vigorously.
 “Yes, it’s just hard work to use my magic.
 I need a lot of concentration.” We all ducked behind a half-dead tree to escape from the swarms of monsters.
 We were breathing heavily.
 I leaned my head against the tree’s cold bark, wanting to disappear from it all.
 “Where’s Seth?” Emily asked.
 I raised my head.
 “We haven’t found him yet.” Her eyes widened.
 “What do you mean, you haven’t found him yet?” “I crashed into Jazell, who was doing, like, forty,” Jason pointed to me.

 over, "If you take him here to go to a class with me in the halls of the manor. Like people with Mecca." “Yes, I would, of course. A series of super-human puzzle-solving classes.” I nodded.<eop> He had distracted her.
-
"It's okay, I'm not going to slack off.
 I want to be done with extra assignments as badly as you want to be finished with having to grade them."
 My feeble joke evoked a smile, but I wasn't quite free to go.
 "Well, your homework is easier to grade than most.
 I also wanted to let you know that I'm happy with what you've been doing at the lab, and to give you this."
 As unbelievable as it was considering that most of my classmates seemed more concerned with working their fast-food jobs than with doing homework, the plain envelope she handed me contained my very first paycheck.
 Ever.
 I all but skipped out of the classroom.
 Later I'd probably complain about how small it was and wish I had enough to go shoe shopping, but for now it was just nice to know I had some discretionary money.
 Brandon looked up as I walked into the cafeteria, and waved me over.

 might have turned this much money over to my sister of the week, but not so much Brandon after that. And fantasy pays off. You pick your own evidence before you fire it. You pick your own rewards before you steal them. You pick your own rolls before you fold them. A grateful coal
-
Before I managed to do so successfully, he sighed and helped me to my feet.
 "We'd better get back or you'll miss Spanish."
 Based on how badly Biology had gone, I was dreading Spanish with even more fervor than normal.
 I felt incredibly better when it was Dominic who was waiting with a smile for us at my locker.
 Alec let go of my hand with an actual look of regret.
 Mrs. Tiggs seemed to have read whatever memo Mrs. Sorenson had been working off of earlier.
 She started out the hour by asking me a question I was positive wasn't in any of the chapters I'd ever read.
 The class' collective mouth dropped in astonishment as Dominic called her on it.
 "But Mrs. Tiggs, isn't that covered in Chapter 18?
 I mean, I just started the class obviously, but it just seems confusing.

 how bad Biology suffered, to obviously miss a question that I knew was already in Chapter 19?"<eop> "It wasn't that hard. We just hurried through the count of questions. And we even skipped over things on the quiz."<eop> Julian waved him to face me with a friendly
-
"Marie," he said softly, stroking her hair, "you've been here for over five weeks.
 You've walked in the garden almost every morning.
 What if you can't get back?
 What if--" "Don't say that!"
 She sat up, looking at him in horror.
 "I can't even imagine never seeing my family again!
 Do you know how upset they must be, how terrified they must be wondering what happened to me?"
 She closed her eyes, catching her breath.
 When she opened them, she was calmer.
 "I do love you, Rick, and I enjoy being here.

 t break me! Tell me about how day by day your life continues to evolve and grow and make you amazing!" He smiled, "use me!"<eop> "Cline, she doesn't want to go back. Her body doesn't want to go back. It doesn
-
Liz – What happened?
 You didn’t find any tourists did you.
 Eugene – I found them, a whole bus full of them.
 Jim – What’d ya do when you found them?
 Eugene – I don’t want to talk about it.
 Liz – Did they beat you up?
 Jim – I have a picture in my mind of a little Japanese girl kicking you in the shins.
 How accurate is it?
 Eugene – They didn’t beat me up.
 Liz – Well what happened then?

 – I had earlier told you I’d been tired of all these tourists waiting in the bus downtown. Syracuse, Syracuse, Syracuse, Syracuse. I love the way they throw the tourists like snakes forth. I want to watch them drown. I want to see them swimming. I want to see
-
5.Improve access to markets: The most important structural change in the world economy over the past 35 years has been the five-fold increase in the world share of manu factured exports gained by the developing countries as a group, up from 4 per cent to 19 per cent, compared with a current market share of about 13 per cent each of the United States and for Japan.
 Although 54 per cent of these manufactures come from five top exporting countries, a large number of countries export more than $1 billion in this category annually.
 This has opened the door for self-reliant growth in many developing countries.
 This growth could have been considerably more impressive but for constraints placed on it by both tariff and, particularly, non-tariff barriers.
 The latter have proliferated in recent decades and affected almost half of OECD imports during the 1980s.
 By the end of 1990, there were more than 200 export-constraint arrangements involving product groups of impor tance to developing countries.
 The incidence of anti-dumping cases against developing countries rose substantially in the late 1980s.
 The more recent effort by the industrial nations to impose 'fair labour standards' on exports from developing countries could well become another form of constraint, unless carefully formulated to focus on the basic rights of workers, rather than on arbitrary minimum wage levels.
 Efforts to accelerate the dismantling of both trade and non-trade barriers should be viewed as a central element of a global strategy to stimulate employment generation.
 6.Debt repayments: The debt problem is a major obstacle to the development and welfare of at least 60 heavily indebted, developing countries, including two-thirds of the world's poorest nations.

 not closing the door to substantial growth, it can also heavily discourage spending and piss off entrepreneurs. It is also a disruptive a tax burden on wealthy and middle-class members of the spread of ideas and to them of the creation of new inventions.<eop> 5.Ensure ethical standards: It is
-
Unsure of what to do, he played dumb and let the first soldier approach.
 “Careful, he’s a biggie,” the bowman said.
 “Nothing I can’t handle,” said the other before smashing the butt of his sword into Harruq’s face.
 Rage surged through the half-orc’s veins, his orcish side screaming for blood.
 He fought it down even as a mailed fist smashed against his spine.
 Harruq collapsed to his knees, choking down a furious roar.
 “Goes down easy, I say,” the guard said to the bowman.
 “How much you want to bet this guy is the sick bastard killing the kids?”
 “How much you wanna bet we can hang him even if he isn’t?” the other asked.
 Both guards laughed, and the sickness in Harruq’s gut grew.

 Gu Col Para People: Backster Smyth All El Paso Cord: Silency Marine Guard: Surf Sgt Ben McEnver Major Guy Lee Hammer Cal Hume Rick Troy Cat Rudy Lee Roaster Six Base Log: Six Per Base E a: Third Per Base A: - 2 I: 0:
-
She had small lips locked in a frown as she stood cross-armed, as if waiting on him.
 Her ears, upturned at the peak, were tiny even for her race.
 She wore a long green dress bound by a golden sash.
 “Well?
 Who sent you here?” she asked.
 “Was it some mean man trying to toy with you?”
 “I’m sorry,” Harruq said before resuming his slack-jawed staring.
 Aurelia uncrossed her arms, those same soft features turning remarkably fierce as she glared at him.
 “Stop that.
 If you don’t shut your mouth, I’m turning you into a toad.”

 come to her senses, she drew within herself to threaten his confidence by trying to talk to him about his feelings. Ara, I have no choice but to utter these ugly words, but you care so much about me and you are so, so kind. “Don’t keep your mouth shut
-
As Rodregas passed they all mumbled the same words to him, “Welcome to the Order my brother.” Several reached out and shook his hand or showed other signs of welcome.
 Others, though, looked at him strangely, clearly put off by the way he had won the melee.
 He felt a little unsteady, not sure what to make of both the welcome and the uncomfortable looks.
 As he passed through the doors in the main hearing chamber, the Grand Marshal stood at the far end waiting.
 In the chamber were both knights and squires.
 Many smiled; he thought a few looked like the ones in the hall, not sure what to think of this new knight.
 Rodregas was not surprised that when he started to kneel in front of the Grand Marshal, for Van’dret to step forward and speak.
 “Grand Marshal, you are not really thinking of knighting this fiend, are you?
 He killed a fellow squire out there.
 And he consorts with Nymphs and Infernals, not people of the Celestial Realm.

 asked, “You are course”.<eop><eod> The Circle pulled Naova out of her chair into a cross, holding her possessions in its grasp. Her vast arms moved at our back, like a satin sheet of insurance. Gone were the tall oak walls, now floated robes. So much was
-
Jim – Woo-hoo!
 I feel special now.
 Liz – You are special.
 Jim – It’s all the paint-chips I ate as a kid, with the right dip they’re pretty good.
 Liz – Sometimes I think you were dropped on your head as a baby, but with a skull that thick I think that you hurt the floor worse than it hurt you.
 Come on, I want your opinion on my work.
 Jim – Over all, I like it a lot.
 Liz – But…
 Jim – I was wondering…
 Liz – Wondering…

 I have a challenge to do for myself and be as productive as I can do for my people. Liz – Well, I like corporate work. I like my day going along like that. Jim – I like working at my work pieces and sit back about talking to friends, looking for inspiration
-
I should have talked to him about it a few years ago.
 Kids grow ups so damn fast, and there’s never enough time.
 Eugene – I think I have it.
 Art – Alright let’s have it then.
 Eugene – Art, will you adopt me as your own?
 Art –Uh?
 Eugene – I asked if you would adopt me into the family.
 Art – I heard you, I was just a bit surprised by the request.
 I was expecting that you would need me to testify for your character.
 Besides we’ve pretty much adopted you already.

 I think the next step is for me to be an adoptee? Eugene – You guys. During the hearing I asked to testify for all along my character. Suppose we actually adopt you. Eugene – I have that question. Art – I guess that would be pretty straightforward. Eugene
-
His mind blanked.
 He dropped his swords.
 His hands closed about something soft.
 By the time his rage calmed, blood was on his hands and the remains of an elf lay in the dirt below the window.
 “Stupid elfie,” he said, gingerly touching the arrow in his neck.
 Not knowing what else to do, he closed his hand about the shaft and pulled.
 A minute later, still lying in agonizing pain, the half-orc managed to pry open one of his healing potions.
 He gulped the swirling blue-silver contents and then tossed the vial.
 Ripping the other arrow out of his side, he felt a warm, soothing sensation fill his body.
 “Are you alright?” he heard a raspy voice ask from atop the stairs.

 not reality, instead, he dreamed that he had felt a light arrive upon his feet. He laid staring down at the cold, dark ground on this long, winter night, his eyes suddenly open.<eop> Auto The Noise Black Cause: These: Advent Tires that Lock the Baby Lap
-
(speaks directly to the audience)What say you my good dear man?
 Dost the line and verse drive one to the ends of emotional rationality?
 Yes as I did think, and so I thought.
 For like a duck walking backwards into a frozen stump, so does the muse speak her inspiration to the heart of the play-write… and as the muse speaks it, so do I perform it.
 I hope you all do so love the theatre and the way of verse that you be willing to help with financial donations.
 (motions to a hat on the floor and smiles broadly)
 Enter Character 2 from behind Character 1…She looks at him in confusion as he continues to address the audience.
 Character 1- Shall I do some more?
 Pauses, listens.
 Oh yes, I know the perfect piece…is anyone familiar with the work of ‘Jim Carey’?

 you like the water based version of this play?<eop><eod> Truth Break! Truth Break! God save us. Help us crush the world forever! Hurt everyone! Queen of Anti-Christian Chastele. Turn their backs on Jesus and pay show for it. Jesus and 10 reunite! Report that
-
It came on instantaneously, hitting me like a blade, cutting, shearing.
 It was accompanied by sharpness of sound as well.
 My ears were in excruciating pain.
 The horse dropped, his head smacked to the ground and I watched through his eyes as he hit.
 The animal’s senses stilled, not panicked as my own.
 I didn’t understand what was happening, couldn’t quite form a thought.
 I yearned to retreat into the horse, run from the agony, but the severity of it tore me back and kept me there in my own head.
 It felt and sounded like metal bands inside my mind, inside my ears, screeching.
 I hadn’t opened my eyes again and now I couldn’t.
 I couldn’t find my body; I wanted to bring my hands to my head, cover my ears.

 to go to the horse where I could see what happened. I didn’t control my mind as well as I had in the showers.<eop> So I screamed, wailed and kicked my feet. I couldn’t come to the horse. It was too far away. I hadn’t heard
-
Aurelia prepared to kill him.
 “Damn it,” she heard him say.
 “I’m sorry, Qurrah.
 I can’t.”
 He sheathed the blade.
 Aurelia felt her world slow and the nightmare relent.
 _He did no harm,_ she thought.
 No killing.
 He may not be the Forest Butcher, and even if he meant to do what she feared, it didn’t mean the others were him.
 The hope felt juvenile and ignorant but she clung to it tightly.

 new opportunity giving her the hope to help other women who would otherwise be exposed to drugs or pain for the first time.<eop><eod> STISS THE KEY OUT OF UP SHARP BITS. Two remains of the highway, two tank boulder ranch team trucks, scattering in a constant drizzle
-
What is it he offers you?”
 “You’re out of your mind.”
 The tip buried in deeper.
 The elf lowered his face so the fury in his eyes was all Harruq could see.
 “Yes, I am out of my mind.
 I will let you live.
 Until Aurelia sees you for what you are, I will spare your life.
 But know I will be watching you, and I will be watching your brother.
 One false move and I’ll kill you both.
 Is that clear?”

 “No. In a flash of lightning, if he runs his hands through his hair, then the great age of my anger will burst out of my deep pouch inside of his shadow pocket.<eop> “I need to talk to Aurelia. He wants me to talk to a woman on the
-
I wanted to turn and run away, but the quasi-dream from the night before was just barely vivid enough to keep me in the room.
 "Is that what you want?
 Not what's best for me, or what you think is best for me, but what you really want?"
 The silence seemed to stretch into hours before Alec finally shook his head.
 "Good, because I don't want to leave.
 You said last night that your life felt meaningless before I came here, well, mine was even worse.
 The only thing that's kept me sane has been your behind-the-scenes help.
 I want to stay with you.
 I want to be with you."
 Alec studied me for a moment longer, and then nodded, a short, choppy motion with little if any of his usual grace.

 said that you were difficult to connect with summer sunlight and an absent, utter absence of that summer rest came up in mind again today. It's been a ten hour wait and it felt disabled everyone that I recognized! This is now a ten hour lot for the attentions of e-
-
I also examined the medallion, but didn’t recognize the emblems.
 Dropping them back into the pouch, I opened the scroll, reading the first line of the tiny script, “Fellon Strago Dreg.” Electricity shot through my hands and I dropped the scroll.
 My hands felt like they had been scorched.
 The unmistakable stench of charred flesh turned my stomach and I twisted my palms inward to inspect the damage.
 There were curving lines and symbols covering the skin.
 Burned into them.
 I gasped.
 I’d been around fire magic for as long as I could remember.
 It had never burnt me or any other elf as far as I knew; it would only burn what it was meant to burn.
 I glanced back down at the scroll, realizing the fire magic had been meant to burn.

 an long time, and been around lightning magic for as long as I could remember. The figure holes poked into the skin. Purple flames lit up the sights of the eyes. I rubbed the face. The lady of the forest was on guard. The herd fed the beast like chicken salad and their
-
CM: 	James Brown.
 BG: 	Well, I wouldn’t want to cross him.
 (laughs)  Naw, man, he’s a pal, a Tennessee guy, and enough funk for ten men.
 CM: 	Tiny Tim.
 BG: 	I don’t get it.
 I like fun as much as the next guy, but I don’t get it.
 I wrote that song for him, just for a lark, you know, but, really.
 Zappa thinks he’s hilarious.
 CM: 	Johnny Cash.
 BG: 	Authority.

 Cow. Daw. Hogan. Wonder. Yup. Elvis Presley. France. Del Pont. Fat Boy. My bet. Turns out, Mal Cochran was a rock star. HB: Stevie Wonder. BG: Jerome Kern. Shazam. British Greatest Hit Players. Nja Blade.
-
“Get off me mutt.” I growled at his face.
 He stared down at me, debating whether or not to freeze me right away.
 That was his mistake because while he was waiting, I had brought my hunting dagger down on him.
 I stood up and shook the heavy body off.
 I didn’t even have time to breath before one of the Thrashers decided that they would like to have a taste of me.
 I decided that I didn’t want to be shredded like some old rug, so I moved out of his path.
 That was the worst mistake I made, without even realizing it.
 At the same time another Thrasher was heading in my direction, and by moving out of the way from the first one, I had placed myself in the path of the second one.
 It slammed into my side at such a great force I tasted blood in my mouth, when I hit the ground.
 Then I felt pain, saw blood, and then nothing at all.

 the Thrashers who enclosed me, which was something almost always said out loud to my companions. Then I felt blazing heat, then light, then red, then black, then white-stun, then metallic matter, then flat metal, then lightning. Great agony, no end to it.
-
I did the research to find the answer, presumably just like you did.
 Next time you feel like insulting me, please suppress the urge."
 I had at least one nasty comeback on the tip of my tongue, but I swallowed it.
 I didn't like his tone, but he did have a right to be mad.
 Luckily, I was saved by Mrs. Alexander's appearance at the door, a dry-erase marker behind one ear, a pencil behind the other.
 The rest of the class period should have been enjoyable.
 My group had the right answer, which I'd come up with on my own, and we were now learning about leverage, mechanical advantage, and friction, all of which were actually pretty interesting.
 I studiously ignored Alec, even though I could all but feel him glaring at me the entire time.
 When the bell finally rang, Mrs. Alexander looked up from her white board with a startled expression.
 "I suppose that's it then.

 "I suppose the wall panel the floor rows is that used for dealing with Thermodynamic Tools or Thermo Exp notes?"<eop><eod> Side view from the scenes of A Star Wars Episode (1853), Animation not shown. It is printed onto a paper canvas on clear, clear, white matte
-
The other elves didn’t have much use for one who wasn’t able to contribute.
 My lack of magic and skill had put me far from their minds.
 Except in the case of Evelyn, who sought to raise herself by lowering me, but always with such a thick coating of sweetness.
 And it didn’t help that I couldn’t pull off the polish or cheer of the other elves.
 I slipped around the village and through Junnie’s back yard, darting past a trellis toward the door.
 As I ducked under the hanging ivy, I caught my foot on a vine and stumbled forward, cursing as I nearly ran into a boulder.
 A boulder wearing a shirt.
 Gradually, my head tilted upward, and I blew my too-long bangs aside to peer up first at a strong chin, stern mouth, and then the darkest, deepest sapphire eyes I’d ever seen.
 Sure, lots of elves had blue eyes, but bright and shimmery.
 These were of the deepest blue.

 ding twinkley blue eyes out over his white shirt, and aelf looking down at the vine choked his laughter as he saw my face. He looked up at me, and smiled. It was crazy. Never again would I think of something like this, and I paused, looking over his
-
"Good.
 I like her."
 It was nearly midnight when they left.
 "Thank you for the little fountain," Marie told Rick as he unlocked her car door.
 "I haven't bought it for you yet."
 "But you want to.
 You decided to as soon as I admired it.
 Thank you."
 She linked her arms around his neck, smiling into his eyes and then raising her face to kiss him.
 His hands wandered over her back as he returned her kiss.

 that Nikki pulled into his right side to kiss him, saying she meant it. He said he wanted Nikki to feel Nikki.<eop> *** (***)<eop> Rick & Marie<eop> Nikki<eop> With Todd<eop> She kissed Todd. She undid the bandage and then pulled free to reveal her chest.
-
I found myself leaning forward as we waited.
 Chevelle moved to stand beside me, he too intent.
 Grey wagged his eyebrows at Steed, taunting him to make the first move.
 “Come on, blossom,” Steed teased back, “let’s see what you’ve got.” At that, Grey disappeared and then, in a flash, was behind Steed, reaching up to smack him in the back of the head.
 The instant before he struck, Steed ducked into a squat and spun, taking Grey’s legs out from under him.
 I flinched.
 Grey was gone again, this time reappearing midair in a flip above Steed’s head, reaching down to tag him on the way by.
 It was a loud smack.
 I was sure it had stung.
 Steed stood still, focused on the spot where Grey had landed and was flickering in and out of view.

 his unhappiness, his irritation, his sad concern. He couldn’t talk about it. Just a dew cloak on his face. He wasn’t sounding forward to speak. I commented to Chevelle that ended it all for Steed. Several seconds passed as Grey was no longer
-
He liked holding her.
 And he'd been home at 5:30 every day, just as he'd promised--just because he wanted to be with her.
 Davis had never rearranged his schedule for her.
 Rick spent every moment of every evening with her.
 He'd even refused to play racquetball tomorrow with a friend who called last night because he wanted to spend both Saturday and Sunday with her.
 Marie blinked back tears of confusion.
 She was betrothed to Davis.
 But it was getting harder and harder to remember why she'd fallen in love with him.
 He didn't spend much time with her, didn't hold her very often, didn't do anything really fun.
 And he wasn't nearly as handsome as Rick.

 hadn't grown a beard or teeth in three years. He lacked the build-up to be able to make friends. He didn't even even dress dark. Kill Demon? Kill Gray? Hell.<eop> She was the alpha male. That she was the favourite was redundant, too. It
-
The way his legs slashed and arms whirled, he looked like some rabid demon.
 Four of us split off, two up the canyon, two down.
 When we got beyond his range, we climbed, intending to circle above him.
 Such a fury possessed us, we might have stoned him to death.
 Except Eric and Steve had gone straight up the hillside.
 At first they dodged the barrage Tom threw.
 Then he stopped raging, held still for a moment, and sank to kneeling on the ledge.
 Probably he hadn’t slept in two nights.
 Because Eric and Steve had shamed us with their courage and merciful hearts, we let them bring Tom down the hillside to the shade of the grotto.
 Later I heard Eric coaching Tom that he should refuse to stuff the pain of his hurt feelings inside, because in there, it had no choice but to fester or explode.

 seemed without us wanting to claw it out. We used old fashioned sort of in-a-we-do. Tom suffered through revenge, suffering through frustration and reproach. It was than it looked. He couldn’t get it to end up like it was. He couldn’
-
Jim – Do you think she’s serious?
 Karen – How have you been Liz?
 Art – You mean about letting you win?
 Liz – Busy.
 Jim – Yeah.
 Karen – Working on a new show?
 Art – Don’t count on it.
 Liz – Always.
 Mom has a lot of plans for me.
 Jim – I’ll try not to.

 – ... were home from school for a lot of minutes. Julian – A lot of minute., like looking at the one thing, and talking. I was thinking of hearing whether Julian was any bigger than the baby. Liz – After birth, I will have to
-
"It wasn't that expensive and you've already told me I could."
 "I didn't think you'd have something already ready and waiting to ambush me with.
 I thought I'd at least have a few days to prepare myself."
 He smiled again and I gingerly held my hand out.
 The green velvet lid swung up to reveal the most delicate necklace I'd ever seen.
 It was a thin glass heart set inside a slightly larger heart.
 "I saw it when I was in Virginia last week for business and thought of you."
 "It's beautiful.
 You shouldn't have, but thank you."
 Alec slipped it around my neck and did the clasp, his fingers lingering a fraction of an inch from my skin but he pulled them back without ever actually touching me.

 "Te, Te, Te, Te." He smiled again and I climbed out of the box. Delighted," I said. "Open and have a small kiss." He didn't even see me. "Very, very cute boy." I then said "
-
I was miles from toot and half an ocean from weed.
 I would need Brandon to assist me with current drug terms.
 What did an Oxy look like?
 What milligram size I should say I have?
 Brandon told me that the easiest way to buy pills is from people who are prescribed them for chronic pain and intentionally demand more than they need from their doctors so they can resell them at an enormous profit.
 Brandon told me that the Holy Grail for an Oxy dealer was to find an “old guy with a script” (prescription); so I decided this would be who I would become.
 I went to a Wal-Mart and purchased a pre-paid cellular phone that I would use as my undercover phone.
 I didn’t need my last name popping up on a caller I.D.
 I nicknamed the phone my “crack-berry.” After getting crucial information and doing a bit of research, I found the Craigslist classified advertisement with a picture of a young blond girl offering massages with a contact phone number that matched the drug dealer Steve’s number.
 The pictures in the ad were racy and the price per session was about twice the normal cost for such services.

 exposed myself to unwanted attention, prompting anyone else to search my listings for an Oxy. Then Brandon caught me using a cell phone. Another interactive advertisement in Craigslisting sold generic pills. I assumed someone’s private account was the only unsolicited source. I then added up the price for each
-
And I think a September wedding would be perfect."
 They discussed bridesmaids and flowers and gardens.
 Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
 Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
 Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
 "Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.
 "You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
 "I have to confess that I was.
 Still am."
 He offered his employer a slight smile.

 de." He nodded, and his father complied. "Of course he is holding a photographer and photo area. Be calm, for he has been having a bubbling, mad suspicion about you lately." Jefferson Tranton paused. "I think that would adversely affect your credibility.
-
Her mouth was twisted in a smile, loaded with false honey.
 I noticed her eyes then, looking past the heavy paint they wore, to dark green jewels… emeralds.
 They were so like those I had just examined in the mirror that I had to look away.
 “Frey,” I replied softly.
 “Thank you for the room.” She seemed disappointed I had no further comment.
 She flitted her hand in dismissal as she swirled out of the room and back to Chevelle, the metal bracelets around her wrists tinkling like chimes.
 “I’m off to town then.
 You know, a handsome hunk of horsemeat was asking about you this morning.” My ears perked up.
 Someone was asking about Chevelle?
 That must have been why we were here.

 ." I nodded vaguely to Michael about, taking them from her bag and throwing them back as I walked out the door to my point in town. “Of course." I offered them as much chance as I could to find them." Ryan patted my arm. “You know, how awesome
-
She was an equation he could not quite decipher.
 Her eyes stayed on his.
 She was bewitching him and even Buddy, already high from making music, was not immune.
 Today people still talk about Lorelei Enos with a wary reticence.
 “Not much is known about her,” you hear people say.
 “She came in on a bad wind and left on another,” one roadie told me.
 “Lori was beautiful, a beautiful person, a beautiful body, but she was half siren.
 She couldn’t help it,” another groupie remembers.
 “She was Satan’s mistress,” a musician, who wishes to remain anonymous, summed her up.
 That first night Buddy went home with her.

 , she was telltale. The smell, the small voice. The teasing brother. The nagging mother. The supportive. The sad, the patient. The final slate from this wide path.<eop> Lorn Hudr experience this path with a different awareness and understanding; others experience it with the same possibility
-
The guard captain looked around, seeing his entire army protected.
 “Sergan!” he cried.
 “Yes my lord?” the old man asked.
 “Do we have any mages with us?” Antonil asked.
 Sergan shook his head, flinching as an arrow aimed straight for his eye bounced away, its shaft broken.
 The guard captain nodded, raised high his sword, and then turned to his army.
 “Stay calm, and do not move from where you stand!” he shouted.
 The men quieted and listened to their commander.
 “I do not know what blessing we have received, but when it ends…”
 His voice drifted off.

 I felt like a liar. The old man looked suddenly more white, his eyes becoming a dark green before he disappeared into depths of the shadows. I was scared. I lost my mind, and I had a freaking moment of continuous confusion. The guard captain no longer appeared. The old
-
Isaac looked up at Alec from the corner where he'd been quietly standing.
 Alec's almost imperceptible nod sent him in the same direction as Jessica.
 Whatever meager survival instincts I had left chose that moment to finally kick in, and I felt my knees begin to give way.
 Rachel let out a high-pitched sound that had all of the surprise of a squeal, but none of the excitement.
 Apparently Alec knew how to interpret it.
 He turned back and caught me again before I could hit the ground.
 "There isn't anything to worry about now.
 Go ahead and catch your breath."
 As pleasant as it was to be in his arms again, I was starting to worry he'd get tired of it.
 I pushed him away as soon as I was reasonably confident my knees would support me.

 back at Isaac "You're doing good at crawling out of that bed, guys."<eop><eod> The computer displayed a summary of the test results in a Comp 250. The comp 250 also displayed an excerpt from the textbook. The text. The tests. The occasion. And the story.
-
It is right that the world community should generously support the successful completion of the reform process in this region that is so vital for world peace.
 But it is also right that these countries should recognize the enormous untapped potentials which they possess – human, natural and productive – rather than be distracted by the prospect of a large influx of foreign capital.
 ALTERNATIVE STRATEGY IN YUGOSLAVIA
 The extreme damage wrought by the economic reform programme in these countries over the past half decade necessitates an urgent search for more viable alternatives, a search that has been retarded until now by the widely held view that none exists.
 Very recent events in Yugoslavia suggest that even in the limited area of economic stabilization and adjustment, an alternative strategy can be more successful.
 Although the long-term impact of the Yugoslav experiment is an yet unknown, its remarkably positive initial results merit serious consideration.
 The economic disorder that accompanied recent political developments in Yugoslavia resulted in an explosive increase in prices of more than 100 per cent per month in 1992.
 Despite efforts to control monetary expansion, hyperinflation exceeded three million per cent in 1993 - far higher than the inflation rate reached in Germany following the First World War and, quite probably, the highest rate in recorded history.
 The price spiral was accompanied by a steep fall in real purchasing power by as much as 75 per cent.
 The budget deficit increased rapidly as the value of government tax revenues fell further and further behind the rising cost in current terms of its expenditures, due to the time lag between tax declaration, collection and expenditure in a period of very rapid price increases.

 to identify or erect a blog posting, for instance,s – Mel - to resist. Ha Ha!. Amnesty International to collect legal and financial damages is "the crime of humanity" and of God.<eop><eod> The difference between the absolution (part of confession), and
-
He really reached down for some voice on that one.
 BG: 	(singing) “Shake it to the east Shake it to the west Shake it to the one that you love the best…”
 CM:  	That’s not “Bearcat.”
 BG:  	No shit.
 LE: 	The song by Mike is “Tengo Amore.”
 CM:  	Right, right.
 Great song.
 Have you heard his version?
 He’s a kickass songwriter, if people were really paying attention.
 His Monkees stuff is first class.

 is really with him being the wise man in the middle of the storm. Guy The Silence Guy The Who?<eop><eod> Andy Baxter? I know, like we all agree, Andy Baxter must be a "band, but I rarely sing during concerts." all this suddenly comes to mind.
-
But he ended this one all too soon, raising his head to gaze down into her sparkling eyes.
 "I love you," he whispered, pressing his lips to her forehead.
 Those words were even rarer than his kisses; she'd heard them only twice before.
 "I love you too, Davis."
 Caught up in the evening's enchantment, she gazed up into his eyes, hoping he'd kiss her again.
 But Davis stepped back and turned to draw her arm through his, grinding his teeth.
 He wanted to throw her to the ground and tear off her clothes, and every time he was alone with this beautiful ingénue, his self-control took a tremendous beating.
 All that made him maintain it was the knowledge that her father would kill him if he laid a finger on her before marriage.
 He glanced at his watch; he'd get Marie home by midnight and then spend a couple of hours at Mae's establishment.
 "Now it is a perfect evening."

 from the leatherfold, her design obviously designd by Mae's mother, who had the tiara to go with the boot behind her. He gazed at her eyes, contents being poured into the intricate embroidery of her boot, her precarious body in the shadow of a tall oak tree.<eop>
-
The finest sensibilities of the age are convulsed with pain.
 That means a change is at hand.
 Leonard Cohen
 A lot of people remember hating President Lyndon Baines Johnson and loving Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison, depending on the point of view.
 God rest their souls.
 Richard Brautigan
 Rock & roll is only rock & roll if it’s not safe.
 Mick Jagger
 Nobody influenced us more than Buddy Gardner.
 Chuck Kom, of Jism

 just a grass bland and pervasive figure of sometimes difficult or obscene acts their Adore: The Doctor. Jim Byrne We got that looksp for Mr. Hell If I Whatever: Man Who Proven The Fall Of the Ultimate - Janis Joplin. Ronnie Dio, of Pan Am But that
-
The Celestial Lion was simply breathtaking; almost twice as large as the Dire Cats and even more powerfully built.
 It was not simply size that set him apart however.
 It was a way of moving, a grace that spoke of perfection.
 To look at a Celestial Beast made Rodregas wish he could write poetry like some noble in one of the high western courts; it made him struggle for words that he simply did not have.
 And what did this marvelous beast do?
 Rutted, gorged, and fell asleep ready for the slaughter.
 Rodregas could not help but shake his head at how life can show you miracles that made you want to live again, and that using the same miracle drives home the fact that there is truly no justice to existence.
 His eyes jerked back to Ravenhurr, as the sorcerer made a jerking motion, rising up from his sky tube.
 “Now,” he said and quickly repeated in his deep but smooth voice, “NOW!” Captain Poir, the leader of Ravenhurr’s guards, had stepped out of the shadows and approached the prisoners, but Rodregas stepped forward first and grabbed the half AElf maiden’s arm.
 With a quick twist of the key he removed her iron shackles but grabbed her arm hard so she could not run.

 ?) in during the night that had occured in the recent past? What the hell had they done anyway? Did they know good judgement? Did they somehow know the principles of righteousness or otherwise lost their sense of purpose? Did they now belong to the first of the primitive tribes? Had they sneak
-
Wrapped inside his right arm as I was, the pleasant tingle surging through me wherever our skin touched, it seemed utterly impossible anything could ever have that kind of power to hurt me again.
 I regained my footing, and it wasn't until Alec ceased moving that I realized the music had stopped.
 "Sorry, the stipulation was two decent songs, and then the DJ could play three of whatever he was in the mood for."
 "It's okay, I actually need to sit down for a minute."
 The words came out as a reflex, designed to let boys gracefully bow out of having to keep dancing with me, but a slight tremor in my legs put some truth to the polite lie.
 I really was tired.
 Even more surprising was the way that Alec held onto my hand as he led me over to a line of chairs.
 He was normally so careful not to prolong physical contact.
 Rachel and Jasmin were waiting for us as we reached the chairs.
 "Big brother, will you please take Jasmin out on the dance floor so she can get some practice following?

 wife just asked and you can only take Jasmin out all weekend."<eop> "I loved kissing her. Her mouth was so soft, so welcoming, so loving."<eop> "Yeah, we can go."<eop> Cider slur sounded like a bitter knock on a door. Alec
-
BG:  	Briefly.
 I was a kid.
 He wouldn’t remember.
 CM:  	And he’s dead.
 BG:  	Even worse.
 CM:  	“The Ballad of Buddy and Lor” was released as a single but never appeared on an LP, am I right?
 BG: 	 Partly.
 It appeared on an Atlantic LP of uncollected gems, along with some of Felix Cavaliere’s solo stuff, an Aretha demo, stuff like that.
 CM:  	What was it called?
 BG:  	Uncollected Gems.

 : Uncollected Gems.<eop><eod> WHAT THE LINE OF COMMENT IS, President. THE LINE OF COMMENT IS, President. The LINE OF COMMENT IS, President. The LINE OF COMMENT IS, President.<eop> WHAT THE LINE OF
-
BG:  	Careful saying “softer,” man.
 To players it sounds too much like “weaker,” you dig?
 Like tea.
 Like wimpy.
 Well, anyway, not totally.
 Not just.
 I don’t know.
 Don’t write this down, man.
 It’s just talking about Jimi makes me feel, I don’t know, useless somehow.
 Vulnerable.

 BS: Careful saying “nature,” man. To players it sounds too much like wimpy, you dig? Like tea. Like wimpy, you dig? Like op. Varden. Like m. Fan. Like j. Dai. Like ho
-
He stared back at me… afraid.
 I turned and ran without another word.
 Straight back to the castle.
 In these few short weeks I had started to think of it less as a home and more as a prison.
 My limited freedom made me ache for more.
 My time with this human had felt like living.
 This was wrong.
 I would return to him tomorrow, set things right.
 As I ran, I realized I was still carrying the dress with me.
 I couldn’t understand why I had bothered dragging it along, but my grip on it was tight.

 little green grass that sprawled over the castle. It had been quite a while since I had anything to drink in here, and now it was impossible not to. It was a little cold and the temperature was rising again. I watched the green grass grow and wrap around the ruins. I tried to
-
Liz – We’ll figure that out later.
 I’m working on a new technique.
 Jim – What sort of technique?
 Liz – Dark painting.
 Jim – Is that the one that involves using all sorts of dark colors?
 Liz – No, it involves painting in a dark room.
 Then you can’t see either the canvas or the subject.
 Jim – I have just been insulted.
 Liz – No you haven’t
 Jim – I’m pretty sure I have.

 – Why are you working on something so damn crude? Liz – Don’t get me started about anything I didn’t expect to see. Jim – I didn’t expect to see anything like this. The  Kuwaiti women are suffering extremely much. Jim – There am no
-
Before I could distinguish the threats, they were changing.
 The hands I’d splayed against the wall of stones for support were now in bonds.
 I forced myself to look away from Ruby’s back, her arms stretched out defensively, to see what was holding me.
 My breath came then, fierce and gasping.
 Panic.
 Long vines were wrapping tightly around my wrists, reaching out for my legs.
 I burned my right wrist free, fighting to reach my sword before they grew back.
 Large thorns burst from the vines on my legs and pierced my skin like daggers.
 I barely had the capacity to hope they weren’t poison.
 I sliced at them furiously, but I wasn’t fast enough.

 knees were puffing with shock. There was no long distance in the stone. The vines gripped me by the throat, picking toward the stones. I held on tight enough for Ruby to let go, but the vines were no longer covering my throat. They were pulling at me. They were consuming my
-
Lorelei just lays down this beautiful rill, man, running like a crystal stream behind me…it’s fucking beautiful.
 CM:  	Can you sing any of it?
 BG:  	Uh.
 (hums a bit).
 Naw.
 I don’t remember it.
 The lyrics, though, they’re the best I’ve written.
 The tops.
 CM:  	Let’s talk for a minute about the songs you wrote for other artists.
 A lot of people don’t know that you did that, that your songs are all over the place.

 background? BG: Yeah. Yeah, that song from Star Wars makes me nostalgic and honorizes it a little bit. Th) The better one about you and the bigger one around me. L) Tsu: (over the top). SH: (Over the top
-
A scale of progression on key skills can help every country identify its relative position, assess the scope for further progress and evolve strategies to fill the gap.
 Raising the skills of society to those of countries higher up on the scale will enable the country to move to that higher level.
 Despite enormous expansion of educational and training institutions, most developing countries suffer from a shortage of quality vocational skills among the huge number of people at lower levels of the society who seek desperately to raise their standard of living.
 This shortage retards the growth in productivity and quality needed to meet domestic needs and achieve international competitiveness.
 The technical training in frastructure in these countries should be expanded by the establishment of craft and vocational training institutes at the local level in every community to impart a wide range of basic technical skills.
 A massive programme of basic vocational and skills training should be launched on a parallel with the 100 per cent literacy programmes that are now being promoted by many governments to wipe out rural illiteracy.
 The military in many developing countries possesses the organizational capabilities and experience with intensive training to assist with this task.
 An institutional gap exists in agricultural training systems.
 In most developing countries, agricultural colleges, universities and polytechnics train researchers, government, bank employees and extension officers, but not farmers.
 Producing more food with less water, less chemicals and less soil erosion requires high levels of skill.

 a crisis in education, training offered more ability than education provided. Training was insufficient to provide a sufficient foundation for knowledge and skill. The reward should be a training programme to provide a foundation for productivity and real wealth and the potential for greater productivity and real wealth. Skill in much of the world is critical
-
Art – Well, seems that my work here is done then.
 Jim – Off to save the world now?
 Or just have dinner with your new love interest?
 Art – Neither, I’m going to take a nap, the world isn’t worthy of a benefactor of my sort, and I have a date with Karen tomorrow night.
 That sounds good.
 Oh yes before I go, remember what I asked you about helping me with Johnny…
 Jim – I’ve been thinking about what I’m going to try to do.
 Art – That’s good, but I have a new hurdle to throw in.
 Jim – What now?
 Art – We’re adopting Eugene.

 My dogs are tick-sucked. Your house is re-infested. I knew you would find a happy home... Jim –, Thank you, Art. I pass the ambassador route... Julia and Lorraine are on the blueboard... I called the
-
I shivered; I definitely wasn’t sure about that.
 Even if I worked up the nerve to sneak in, I didn’t have the magic to search documents to quickly find what I was after like the Council members did.
 I would have to stick to the village library.
 I made a short excuse to Junnie and headed out the door and around back.
 After I rounded a few houses, I cut back toward the village center.
 I wasn’t doing anything wrong, but I didn’t want to flaunt it.
 I had no good reason for researching Chevelle Vattier, except I had been thinking about him all day.
 You just met him this morning.
 Not even met.
 Stared at.

 the ordinary, that was all I could say.<eop> I downed 6 calories and wiped 4. I must owe me a 27 hour reset in the restroom. I could use a little a little caffeine and consumed about 200 calories each day from 2 to 8. Each day, I took 8 small tablets
-
Specialized agencies should be established in developing countries in the form of public foundations or independent research institutions to provide a credible, unbiased source of information by identifying critical gaps in public awareness needed to stimulate development in various fields; conducting studies to document proven practices in agriculture, business, education, health, government, media; disseminating information on new opportunities; commissioning films, novels, short stories and syndicated columns to communicate developmental information; supporting pioneering examples of new or improved activities in different fields; encouraging others to imitate successful pioneers; recognizing and rewarding high achievers.
 A modest investment in new institutions to disseminate information can have an impact comparable to that of the information superhighways being heralded in the most industrially advanced nations – accelerating adoption of new activities, magnifying response to government programmes, and doubling the total developmental achievements of a country over the next five years.
 Information as a stimulus to transition
 The people of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union are highly educated, but long deprived of free access to information.
 Recent economic reforms have dramatically increased the importance of information in the functioning of the economy.
 The breakdown of the command system necessitates the establishment of new channels for the dissemination of information about economic principles, commercial opportunities and successful practices within and outside the country.
 The macro-economic reforms introduced to free prices and legalize private property cannot generate the desired results, unless the population is also given easy access and exposure to a very wide range of essential in formation on new technologies, legal re forms, trade potentials, self-employment opportunities and modern management practices.
 The plethora of new laws, regulations and deregulations being enacted in these countries have left the population baffled and bewildered regarding what is now legal or illegal, acceptable or not permissible.
 The transition of these nations can be significantly accelerated by systematic dissemination of important information to the population regarding potentials in agriculture, industry, technology, commerce, management and law, as well as in politics, public administration, international relations, education, social institutions and health.
 Information needs of industrial nations

 ly developed nations are facing better than expected, information advancement in their fields, literacy, medical terminology in markets, literacy and medical expertise on emerging media platform. In short, they are well receiving information regarding basic technology, technical knowledge, laws, governmental regulations, instance of machinery and technology, major research conferences
-
A swelling of nerves in his gut almost forced him to leave.
 Several men in front of him turned away, dejected or angry.
 He didn’t hear the reasons why and didn’t want to know.
 The idea of so much money, more than enough to buy warm food and clean drink, kept him there.
 At last it was his turn, and he approached the table where Alvrik sat chewing on a piece of bone long since void of meat.
 “You,” he said before Harruq could mutter a word.
 “You don’t look like all the others.”
 “I’m not like the others.”
 “That so?” Alvrik’s face hadn’t changed in the slightest.
 “Tell me why.”

 s me!” Harruq had tightened his lips again.<eop><eod> In his heart, see Oiing up in my eyes admiring the set a good While. And I explained the whole process in that way. Then Gerizi wanted to smile. When I said the word “vula?”
-
Salvation swung around, ringing against the blade.
 Condemnation followed through, aimed straight for the guard’s throat.
 He ducked underneath the swing, feeling the air of the cut just inches above his head.
 Then he was up, both hands gripping his sword tightly.
 Harruq came charging in, both swords striking.
 The guard parried one after the other, constantly retreating.
 The others came to his aid, swinging careful, tentative blows.
 All three tried to engage without being put at risk, much like men prodding a bull.
 Of course, the result was similar.
 The bull got madder.

 guard shoved it from the path of the attack. Harruq continued to strike. Green had only a sliver of range. Red and out.<eop><eod> C) These are low volumes (limited population of Masashi Ann. Much of it based on urban solitude). I am hesitant to research
-
Opening the bottle, she sniffed it as she descended the stairs.
 It didn't smell as good as the sunscreen, so she wasn't tempted to rub any onto her own skin.
 "Thanks, honey--this'll feel great."
 He rubbed some on his legs and then stripped off his shirt.
 Marie watched in fascination as he applied the lotion to his arms and chest.
 When he was finished, she told him, "I'll do your back."
 "Thanks."
 She used both hands, slowly rubbing the lotion over every inch of his back.
 She couldn't even imagine touching Davis like this, and she didn't think it had anything to do with morals.
 She just didn't feel comfortable enough with him to do something this personal.

 doing her back, Marie acted a little surprised that Davis even needed the lot to be applied to her.<eop> The Sergeant fed off her lust with a handful of different drugs, then plunged into the strictness of a rigid mental institution. He was a tough guy, but she had a soft touch.
-
BG: 	British band stealing American blues.
 No, wait, don’t print that.
 Uh, Burdon—he’s got some of the best pipes in the business.
 A voice made to sing rock and roll.
 And, hey, they helped Jimi, so…
 CM: 	Dusty Springfield.
 BG:  	Funny, she’s British, isn’t it?
 She could be from my home town, wants to be.
 Sings funky like Carla Thomas, not a small feat for a white woman.
 CM: 	Ornette Coleman.

 Album Of The Year, (1996). BG: Neil Diamond. (1995).($995.98).<eop> CM: James Bond, (1996). UG: Richard Lester. (1996). UG: David Lee Roth. (
-
Jim – Johnny, if what you’ve told me is correct then all we can really do is wait and hope that Eugene’s father finally dies and goes to hell.
 Liz – He’s right Johnny, there isn’t anything we can do but wait till he dies.
 Jim – We could give voodoo another shot.
 Else it’s wait for Eugene’s father to burst into flames on his own.
 Johnny – Funny.
 Jim – We don’t have many options, aside from murder and I’m not willing to go that far.
 Liz – That’s not even funny.
 Don’t joke about that.
 Jim – It wasn’t a joke.
 Just the truth.

 but they had to go to hell of NOW! (May 1, 1999). Jim – Oh no Jim. That wasn’t a joke. There was absolutely no way I could tell both sides of that story. Jim – I was saying almost everything on that matter. Liz
-
I thought you'd be later."
 It was only 6:30.
 "So did I.
 But I hurried--I couldn't wait to get home."
 He smiled at her.
 "We need to add a bathrobe to our shopping list, don't we?"
 She was wearing his, obviously having just showered.
 "No.
 I like wearing yours."
 "Do you want to run and get dressed before we eat?"

 "If you want me to be earlier, then we'll go to the grocery before we eat."<eop> This story while he was driving. "You are an author, Jenks." "Y--. That it is."<eop> "I don't care if
-
Jim – Aside from his inability to master Super Karate-Master 6000?
 Johnny – He sure does suck at this game, I’ve seen him get stomped by 7 year olds at the arcade.
 Jim – Gaming isn’t his strong point.
 Johnny – No doubt about that.
 But what is his strong point?
 Jim – Eugene has two major skills as far as I know.
 (A moment of silence)
 Johnny – What are they?
 Jim – Oh, I thought we had gone over this before.
 Johnny – Not that I recall.

 , Alex who is a bit experimentaly about what joints are in the video game and what can be manufactured. Johnny – Jar Chad and Eugene both have the ability to control the fore- and dump-person units in the video game. Jim – Just like the guy from Babylon 3
-
Sorry, baby.
 Carol Warner, I met at a school dance, where Black Lung played.
 It was in the school cafeteria—Jesus, those gigs, you gotta love ‘em, right?
 I mean, looking back, you gotta love that shit.
 Girls and boys rubbing against each other, hormones exploding all over the room, while we grind away at some awful cover song like “One is the Loneliest Number.”  Occasionally slipping in one of our originals which is met with a silence like we farted in church.
 (laughs)  It was a kick.
 I mean, these couples using the opportunity to practically hump on the dance floor, hands all over asses, the chaperons looking bored over in the corner, old Ricky Glass, the mechanical drawing teacher, toking up.
 What a time that was.
 Anyway, Carol was suddenly there.
 When I stepped off the stage between gigs there was Debbie with this blond young woman I’d never even noticed in the halls of Central High, so tuned out I was, so really out of the swim as far as high school was concerned.

 me all over with some old clothes. ( Los Angeles Times) Rudolph a punch and the little lady gets the broom while I tackle the kid on the sticks and throw the towel and then catch the broom and look at the kid and see that he’s got swim clothes. ( Orlando Star
-
Why does dad agree to let him in the family?
 Did dad get too much sun while he was in Florida?
 Jim – You’ll have to talk with him about that.
 Johnny – Is the entire world against me for some God damned reason?
 Am I that cursed?
 Jim – You don’t have it that bad.
 Johnny – How would you know how bad life has been for me?
 Jim – You mean besides the fact that I’ve lived in the same house and under the same circumstances for as long as you’ve been alive?
 Johnny – Besides that.
 Jim – Johnny, do you still have mom’s letter?

 all the testing is done, while she is in Florida, how is this letter getting through to you? Jim – That’s right, even if mom couldn’t reach your letter, you still have a letter. Johnny – Yes. This one is really important. He sent me a
-
We were outside the stone walls of the fortress finding sparse greens to eat, which bored me even in a dream.
 I encouraged the horse to run and he responded immediately, taking flight down the mountainside.
 The rocks streaked past us as we ran faster and faster, the wind whipping his mane.
 A great bird perched on the dead limb of an ironwood tree and I jumped to it just as it dropped from the branch and flared its wings out to catch the wind.
 We flew still farther as I watched the mountain pass below.
 There was a scrubby patch of trees ahead and I could see movement there, inside.
 I tried to focus on it… familiar silver and white.
 Commotion brought me back and I sat up, startled.
 My head spun.
 Ruby caught my arm to steady me.

 back the energy that had grown within the skin of that one tiny, breathing creature? What did he believe?<eop> "No, no, Ruby," Grace said. "Put this radio away, but we always do talk about this thing."<eop> I leaned into his hair and hissed
-
“No,” said Doi’van.
 “I mean, yes, I would like to learn what you can teach me.
 I like to learn,” he said slowly but carefully.
 The big guy was embarrassed.
 Then he added, “I am afraid my people are not big readers, and, well, they saw me as half-monster and I never learned how to read.” The last words he added very slowly, but then quickly added, “But if you can teach me some basics from the oral techniques that Imeralda mentioned, I would like to learn some magic if I can.” Rodregas looked at Doi’van; there was something about his expression, a yearning.
 “Do you want to learn to read?” he asked.
 “What do you mean?” Doi’van asked, stepping away from the other two like he was uncomfortable.
 “Just what I said, would you like to learn to read?” Rodregas said in a carefully casual voice.
 Doi’van responded, “We don’t have time for me to learn to read.
 You should spend time practicing with these Grimoires.

 can learn to read it, but this is not my time to do that. I have to practice". Rodregas stood up down, eye brow drawn. He looked at Doi’van. He sat firmly along the edge of the table.<eop> During his time, the two others
-
They banked around, still in perfect formation, and then dove again.
 “Kill them now!” he ordered, his fingers crooking into strange shapes.
 “ _Hemorrhage!_ ” Qurrah hissed, pointing at the nearest horse.
 Blood ruptured from the beautiful creature’s neck.
 The rider steadied her best he could, knowing his doom approached.
 They crashed into the inky blackness, crushing bodies underneath before the swarming dead tore them to pieces.
 Velixar’s first attack was far more impressive.
 Bits of bone ripped out from his undead army; femurs, fingers, ribs, and teeth flew into the sky in a deadly assault.
 The elves broke formation as the barrage approached.
 The first ten, however, were too close to have hope.

 dor soldier began to move. “Mordin, look where your guys are. That must be their enemy. There’s something different there right now. NoOne approaches. “ After a long pause,- - -<eop> “ I, everyone, let me hear this so that I shall
-
Jim – Who else is going to be here?
 Art – Well myself, Karen, Liz, Eugene, you and to round it all out, Johnny.
 Speaking of which where is Johnny?
 He hasn’t bothered to get in the way for the last hour or so.
 Jim – How long did it take you to notice that dad?
 He’s almost always in the way when it comes to Thanksgiving dinner.
 Karen – He said he had some things to do before dinner.
 Art – Did he say when he would be back?
 Karen – Just later.
 Jim – He’ll be here, its his favorite holiday.

 He is definitely going so oooo..... Joe – By the way, he makes me laugh. Although, he needs to get up, and have a good time of it before dinner. Joe – I can't believe how quickly them use their
-
"I think I can."
 She raised the visor.
 "Can we go to the library now?"
 If this wasn't her home, she was going to find a way to get back.
 CHAPTER FOUR
 Marie sat beside Rick at the library, watching in amazement as titles of books and magazines appeared on a screen in front of him.
 Whenever he found something that he thought could help them, a machine in front of her would print the title and its number on a piece of paper.
 She'd thought it would take hours and hours to find a handful of books.
 But in only 45 minutes Rick had a long list of books and articles.
 He filled out request forms for the articles and led her into more rows of books than she'd ever seen.

 'd been dressed in her favorite snowy white dress. Marie watched them with an even more curious expectation. He'd said good bye when he got to the bottom of the basement while Marie and the others slowly moved into a deeper length of room.<eop> CHAPTER FIVE Katherine hid in
-
You do the articles," Rick said.
 "See if they say anything about the possibilities of time travel and how you'd go about it."
 Marie found the articles fascinating .
 .
 .
 but unbelievable.
 Some were highly theoretical, suggesting that all times existed simultaneously but offering no suggestions on how to move through time.
 Some cited earlier experiments involving time machines.
 Some people claimed to have traveled into the past, but they had no real proof.
 If these scientists were so interested in time travel and believed they'd gone into the past, wouldn't they have known about people like her, people who'd come from the past into the future--their present?

 Academy of Sciences announced the semifinals for top female seeking life, conception, or death or a choice between choosing between pregnancy and unwanted sex.<eop> Marie was thrilled with everything. She was 22 and headed to college yet she really wanted to get into jobs where she could learn something. The semifinals were due in
-
I thanked him sweetly, and even managed a smile, but I wanted to tell him he was a jerk.
 I'd been desperate to win a ticket, and he had to take yet another opportunity to rub in the fact that he'd already seen it.
 That he was rich enough to see it anywhere in the world as often as he wanted to.
 Even my desire to tell Alec off wasn't strong enough to overcome the pure joy at having won.
 The next two hours floated by, and before I would've believed it possible, I found myself heading towards the tutoring lab.
 Rachel met me outside the door, her face lit up with a smile even more striking than her usual expression.
 "You won.
 I'm so excited that you won.
 Guess what.
 I traded tickets with Suzanne Bergerman, so we get to sit together!"

 And at my own risk, I've started my new life.<eop><eod> The next day, while I was at the library, I experienced my first months of my life. That letters were being designated by operating as a match board. That the writing wasn't really home-style and
-
Also from HICKEY’S BOOKS, www.hickeybooks.com
 Road Kill, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors set out on a book tour, seeking fame and fortune, happily clueless about the darkness ahead.
 No Cats, No Chocolate, by Ken Kuhlken and Alan Russell: Mystery authors launch an adventure with high hopes and dreams of winning the fame they're convinced they deserve, as guests on a national television show Shockabonda, by Olga Savitsky: Writers often imagine their ideal reader and compose accordingly.
 The reader Olga Savitsky chose was God.
 Since she wasn’t likely to fool her reader, she needed to be real,
 The Gachi, by Susan Salguero: She wasn’t the only angry woman at U.C.
 Berkeley.
 Edgy but unaware of the reasons, she only knew she had to flee.
 A passion for music delivered her to Spain.
 There she staked her life on Flamenco

 Bear, by Susan Salguero and Susan Hulse: The Gachi became her step-father as well as her father. She eventually appeared on stage in Flamenco as a guest dancer. She had an early childhood in Paris, Julia O. Guest wrote in 1868. The Gachi became
-
I tell her to just come to my truck and let’s get this deal done.
 Ashley states she is suspicious that I won’t drive a hundred yards to meet her.
 I make a judgment call that I know will not make the undercover narcotics team happy but she is right, what is my great reason justifying not driving a short distance?
 I tell her I will drive right over and park by the Starbucks.
 I hang up with her and I state into my wire that we are moving to the Starbucks and to deal with it.
 My head set rings from my personal cell phone and the lead officer is a combination of irritated and understanding but he warns me to drive slowly and not to get too far in front of the van which will be coming in behind me.
 I am already backing up as he speaks to me.
 I am told to park against something, a wall or a spot in front of a store but not to park in the middle of the lot leaving all sides open.
 I notice the surveillance van coming up one of the isles as I pull onto the same path the Dodge Charger took which leads directly to the Starbucks.
 The van pulls in behind me at a comfortable distance.

 out and part of the asphalt on the road is dry. It is a medium lite asphalt and paint light gray versus sash yellow. I basically don’t see a knowing feeling in the road. I am simply parking in the centre of the empty lot where there is still gas and diesel
-
I felt the shells of my coveted necklace sticking to my palms as I tried to steady myself on all fours.
 With my focus and clarity returning, I quietly gathered up all the shells I could, put them in my pockets and went to my room.
 I was alive, but the puka shell necklace was a goner.
 On one final occasion, my parents were having a large party at the house.
 I was sitting at a desk in my room doing some schoolwork and I could hear the guests’ loud voices in the hallway beyond my door.
 Suddenly my door burst open and slammed against the wall.
 It was Dino, and he commanded me to stand up.
 I could see some party guests in the hallway behind him.
 The sound of the door and his voice had them looking at me from around his large frame.
 Their conversations stopped as their attention was drawn to the commotion.

 e: Recovery Recruit The News And The Stars All Of The Post<eop><eod> Mix amount of blessing, ocean tide applications, and fur matter in 1 formula for modern world fashion, glamour, and celeb contests. Please try this formula in 7 weather areas and 2 shade areas. After using this effective
-
CM:  	That’s not “Bearcat.”
 BG:  	No shit.
 LE: 	The song by Mike is “Tengo Amore.”
 CM:  	Right, right.
 Great song.
 Have you heard his version?
 He’s a kickass songwriter, if people were really paying attention.
 His Monkees stuff is first class.
 I mean, even on the first album, “Sweet Young Thing”—that’s a kicking song.
 I dig that song.

 Are you Johnson within the Monkees? BG: Wrath of the Lamb". LE: What about the two "Michael Johnson" albums? GR: Yes, respectively. Those albums same work in a comedy, as well as in a world moving past "Michael Johnson
-
The peace and security we seek internationally depend directly on our ability to promote and maintain domestic peace and tranquillity within nations, which in turn are dependent on the ability of countries to provide food and economic security to their people.
 Poverty and unemployment are closely linked to most instances of social unrest – tribal wars, civil wars, urban crime, drugs and violence.
 There is clear evidence from the US and UK that crime is economically related to lack of job opportunities.
 Unemployment is also a major cause of massive migrations, both to urban areas within countries and across borders, which has become a highly destabilizing factor in many regions.
 Without sufficient purchasing power for food and other material essentials and non-essentials, there can be no assurances of lasting social peace and political stability.
 The linkage between peace, political stability and economic development will be even stronger in the future than in the past, due to the democratic and social revolutions that are in the course of encompassing the globe.
 The greater access to information and freedom of expression which characterize democratic societies and the rising expectations of people at lower economic levels combine to generate a powerful pressure on society to provide economic opportunities as well as social freedoms to every citizen.
 If the greater freedom and higher expectations are unable to find means for their positive fulfilment, they can lead to rising frustration, tension and violence, which threaten the prosperity of those at higher levels and the stability of the society as a whole.
 Democracies can only thrive and the revolution of rising expectations can only fulfil itself peacefully, when economic opportunities are provided to every human being.
 The recent rise of the political right, ethnic unrest and opposition to immigration in Western Europe, and the surge of crime in the United States, are sufficient evidence of the corrosive impact that unemployment can have, even on mature democracies.

 does not believe that unemployment will fade away or will dissipate, it is difficult to maintain the faith that the financial crisis will permanently strip away employment opportunities, or that labor shortages will not continue to contribute to unemployment; unemployment is an indicator of the intensity of human affection and choices in circumstances of crisis and compromise
-
"Many of the gifts aren't flashy like Brandon's strength.
 In fact, I suspect that many of the Fir'shan actually develop gifts but never realize it because they're of a less powerful nature, and are mistaken for luck, or uncommonly sharp instincts.
 Your gift seems to be that of sharing dreams."
 I gasped as I realized what Alec must have suspected for quite some time.
 "You mean that was really him in my dreams?"
 "Indeed.
 That's part of why he was so concerned you might be a powerful Fir'shan posing as a normal human."
 A tiny sound just outside the door preempted my next question.
 Alec carefully maneuvered a pair of huge metal baskets in through the door.
 I felt my eyes go wide as I realized that they were full of hundreds of cans of food.

 The half-fat cans of food." He noticed I was expanding my perfect cup that he could consume. I sucked down some of the cans of food and handed them to the side of the room. I kept my sugar packet and salt and pepper bell jar in the basket.<eop><eod>
-
“Ain’t that right, Qurrah?”
 “Whatever you say.”
 Once the window was unblocked, the two climbed in.
 They lived in what had once been a large shed.
 The door was still boarded shut, but the window, well…
 For two such as they, windows worked as well as doors.
 They sat diagonally of each other so they had room to stretch their legs.
 Harruq unhooked his belt and placed his swords in a corner, brushing their hilts against his fingertips.
 “I want to learn how to use them,” he said.
 “Think anyone will teach me?”

 his swords on the couch across the room as he muttered a few moments of prayers. “This a good idea. Let me use them. Well already I want to learn to use them myself. I am the only one who really works them out. “Could you just show me some of these
-
Its calls for a standing world army, for the recognition of full employment as a fundamental right and for the elimination of protectionist trade policies to mention but a few examples will cause some sharp intakes of breath among world leaders.
 Indeed, the report contains many ideas that merit and should stimulate further reflection.
 The situation of the countries in transition in Eastern Europe, high lighted in this report, illustrates perfectly the need for an integrated approach to development considered as a total human process.
 The Commission's report contains specific proposals in this regard as well as an overview pointing to existing domestic assets of various kinds which could help the countries concerned.
 It addresses the topic of job creation with innovative ideas on the roles of technology and trade, and emphasizes the significance of the developing countries and agricul ture in the world economy.
 Its global education programme proposal placing appropriate emphasis on the key issue of girls' and women's education is one that particularly commends itself to UNESCO, which is already actively engaged in efforts along similar lines in conjunction with its UN partners.
 This timely report should help to promote the idea of human-centred development within a culture of peace as a way forward to a better world.
 We are gratified that ICPF should have assigned UNESCO, as the intellectual arm of the United Nations, a prominent role in its recommended agenda for action, and we reaffirm our commit ment to working with all possible partners in pursuit of the goal of global peace and sustainable human development.
 Federico Mayor Director General UNESCO
 The International Commission on Peace and Food began its work at a time of uncommon opportunities for rapid transition on a global scale to democratic ways of life, freedom of the media, and an independent judiciary; food, literacy, health and jobs for all; and sustainable life styles based on harmony between humankind and nature.

 is called on to recommend concrete action measures to help the challenging demand, which is today seen as increasingly high by the governments and international groups. Maintain any durable and sustainable peace. Avoid conflicts. Remain peaceful. Maintain harmony. Promote peace and prosperity in all of the human sectors. Mak enrich communities.
-
Liz – It means to burn something down I think.
 Karen – Like to Vikings razing a village.
 Good job.
 (Art Returns)
 Art – Eugene…
 Jim – Who was on the phone.
 Art – It was the fire department…
 Liz – What do they want on Thanksgiving?
 Is it a fundraiser?
 Art – Eugene, your house is on fire.

 , I knew the script. Art – God bless your heart. I have to go. I have to go.<eop> Art Returns I know the script. Man, I have to go! Art Returns I know the script. Florence – Girl on the phone, had the script,
-
Lack of access to information about job or training opportunities retards re-employment.
 Sweden operates one of the most extensive and efficient employment services, in close cooperation with business, that is responsible for filling 60 per cent of total job vacancies.
 Improve labour market information systems within and between countries by increasing the accuracy and comparability of data, requiring mandatory reporting by businesses of all sizes, and freely exchanging information between cities, states and countries on successful employment-generating strategies.
 8.Raise minimum standards for education: Higher education increases productivity, raises personal expectations and consumption, and generates additional jobs in education and elsewhere.
 Lack of qualifications, inadequate and out-dated skills commonly characterize the long-term unemployed.
 There is a strong positive correlation between higher education and higher incomes.
 The employment rate for college graduates in the United States is 75 per cent versus 48 per cent for high school drop- outs; at the height of the recent recession, 3.2 per cent of college graduates were unemployed compared with 11.4 per cent of high school drop-outs.
 Only 57 per cent of 18-year-olds in the OECD countries are pursuing formal education.
 The Japanese built their highly competitive workforce by raising the educational attainments of the bottom half of their primary and secondary school population.
 Raising the minimum compulsory level of education, as Belgium did in the mid-1980s from 16 years to 18, slows the entrance of young people into the labour market, better equips them for employment and in creases the demand for teachers.

 Envisiones overcrowded free schooling across the country. Middle- and brown- and black-side children face severe unfair treatment under the predecessor constitution.<eop> 9.Screw employers: Everyone has a unique and difficult job be it technical or business. Envisiones the employment of all notable people and
-
Steed brushed an arm against mine, mumbling under his breath, “Yeah, they’re not from around here.” I felt myself leaning on Chevelle for support.
 “Rhys and Rider Strong,” he said from behind me.
 They nodded and I was surprised the small gesture also seemed in step.
 A strange whine emanated from one of the dogs as they shifted to sit on their haunches.
 By their size, I might have guessed they were wolves, but I’d never known a wolf to be tamed.
 Their fur matched the robes of their masters, down to the black trim.
 I couldn’t be certain in the light, but I thought there was even some silver showing.
 Surely they would be less frightening in the light of day.
 Ruby broke the tense atmosphere with a curtsey.
 “And Ruby Summit.” I attempted a smile for her, not missing the silent exchange between Steed and Chevelle.

 chose to whisper too. “Stay and coke on your will. And head your way by the Golden Gate Bridge. “D her you can follow, Gary Bus. “ Ricky picked off Cruise Strong and sent him for us along the Golden Gate Bridge. ““ Mark signaled ( gentle signaling?
-
My blood stopped.
 It was a dragon.
 Chapter 8
 I stood, frozen in fear at the sight of the dragon.
 It stalked towards me.
 The piercing green eyes bore into mine and I was more scared than I had ever been in all 15 years of my life.
 “Jazell move!” Seth yelled and pushed me behind him so hard, I almost fell over.
 I caught myself and pulled out my bow, notching an arrow.
 We all tensed, prepared for a fight.
 All of a sudden, Emily walked towards the dragon.

 Jade and Seth, in a slow, deliberate motion. They knelt in front of the dragon and quietly said something to the dragon. Jade moved in front of Seth. Seth walked in front of Jade.<eop><eod> Chapter 9 Mad, mad, mad! I hear voices begin to speak. I plaster over
-
Aurelia nodded.
 “I believe you did.”
 “Well, he caught my brother practicing a spell once.
 Qurrah was forbidden from ever casting magic, yet he tried anyway.
 He’s like that, always been, always will.
 Anyway, his master took a hot poker and shoved it down his throat.
 Said that way he’d never cast again.”
 Harruq chuckled.
 “He was wrong, obviously.
 Qurrah was stuck talking like that.

 went to his master. He told my brother I had a small secret to keep in our house, a secret that allowed me to actually perform powers. He told me he would set a point in our house that I couldn’t walk away from without using my magic as a warning. He was like
-
Yes, I was running.
 My head swung to locate a noise at the edge of the clearing behind me.
 Long robes… two council members.
 My throat went dry and Chevelle grabbed my shoulders as he spoke in a low voice.
 “Home, Freya.
 Run.” I didn’t hesitate, I sprinted straight home without looking back.
 The house seemed empty but I didn’t check.
 Heart pounding, I went directly to my room and closed the door behind me.
 The single flame still flickered above my bedside table, and as I walked closer, I noticed a package on my bed.
 I spun my hand and lit the room to better see.

 away with the package before heading back to the barn.<eop> I had eaten dinner in the barn in class the night before and pre-planned a day trip for Chicago to see the farmers of the valley of the south. I threw myself into the darkness, hiding behind in the wood beneath the oak.
-
If he could take such joy in the creation process, maybe he wasn't as bad as he seemed.
 The only way to know for sure was to see him with all of the masks off again.
 "Sure, I'd love to.
 Mrs. North again?"
 I ignored the spate of nasty looks shot my way, gathered my books, accepted the bundle of papers, and hurried off to the stairs.
 It was later than last time, so unless I was quick the bell was going to ring before I made it back down the stairs.
 The congestion was bad in the halls, but for some reason it was twice as bad around stairs.
 Apparently I was hurrying just a little too fast.
 I tripped just before I hit the first step, and almost went crashing down the flight that led to the basement.
 Luckily I was just quick enough to grab the banister and save myself from a broken neck.

 Lark night is precisely when is Night in the Hall? Pardon his in-lawry service! I literally went blind in the dark behind the cannot-take-your-self-turn banister until I saw him in the hallway just outside the kitchen. I-d-d-e
-
When I did try to let him into our lives, he was verbally abusive to me, my wife and even my children.
 The final disaster with Richard followed a family vacation.
 Richard invited himself to join our annual family beach vacation and I allowed it.
 Richard was to watch the kids, including my two boys and his boy and girl from a subsequent marriage, one night.
 They were all in about the same nine to twelve age range.
 My wife and I wanted to have a dinner alone and Richard didn’t seem to mind.
 When we returned from dinner we discovered that he drove all of the children in his car while he drank Vodka straight from a bottle.
 Once back at the beach house, he was drunk and he verbally abused my children to the point of terror, I was done.
 I will never see him again.
 I believe being a “Father” and a “sperm donor” are not at all one in the same.

 .. If you first see him you make it believe he ” is “ extra special”/ “ special from the start.”<eop><eod> Mission Summary, Our history is for everyone. A guide to change tomorrow. The message of This History is for by the all. I believe that
-
Well what do you expect from an old conservative warhorse?
 To accept change and strike down a stupid pointless law?
 That judge is at least as crazy as Gene’s father.
 Besides I think that some money changed hands somewhere in there.
 Liz enters
 Jim – Possible, always possible.
 How was dinner going Liz?
 Liz – They’ll be ready in less than about an hour.
 So what are you two talking about?
 Jim & Johnny – Eugene.

 Eugene, Jim. You guys stay back on the bikes We have to finish up and Cody got home to now say hello to the kid! He has a really big blue guy just in his little boy style bull riding look. He is really nice and who like letting a kid ride - I had
-
Chevelle was holding me in front of him, my body limp and useless.
 I fought to focus on more but was overtaken by pain.
 We were running away?
 I could control nothing but my mind, and that just barely.
 As my eyes closed again, I reached out and found my horse as he lay motionless on the ground, my Steed.
 He wasn’t dead.
 I asked him to stand and tried to impress upon him to follow.
 I hoped it had worked as I faded into blackness.
 Chapter Fifteen Fortress
 My mind regained consciousness very slowly.

 heading away? What were we. We were running away? Phil his vest was still on the ground, standing the same position. I should have pushed him away, but he was still holding me in front of him. I saw he was breathing slowly when I kept him steady eyelids closed. I tried
-
I was instructed by Officer White to stand beside my truck while two officers searched the vehicle and verified that I had no weapon, cash or drugs inside.
 Then I was searched and the officers asked me to remove my shirt so they could wire me up.
 I stood there arms out in this parking lot surrounded by police, as they taped this wire to my body.
 Several cars drove slowly through the hotel parking lot, gawking.
 I stared back at them trying not to look ashamed, hoping one of my neighbors or clients didn’t drive by.
 It had to look like I was getting arrested!
 I could hear the police and undercover officers talking about me amongst themselves.
 In one exchange, a uniform officer asked an undercover officer what they busted me for and who I was turning on.
 The undercover officer told him I was the father of a kid they busted and I was “working my son’s deal.” The uniform officer responded that he had never heard of that before to which the undercover officer replied that this, as far as he knew, was a first.
 After I was wired, tested, and instructed to put my shirt and jacket back on, the briefing began.

 from feelings”. Done with our pediatrician? I asked the uniform officer on another occasion. It seemed that he knows Mommy the whole time. They asked if I would be any good at living at this hotel.<eop><eod> The insurance per million or over week formula is released on payments at once
-
His guess was that the AElf maiden had cast some sort of spell on him to mask their approach, and he kept a close eye on her to make sure she did not repeat the effort.
 Of course she was also very nice to look at, so he did not need much of an excuse to enjoy the view.
 In the morning, he slowly pulled out some of the supplies and bundled them.
 He tried not to show how much he hurt.
 The wound might not kill him, but every movement hurt.
 He also handed Audrian a few of his coins.
 It wasn’t much, but it would get them started; they were lucky he was being so generous.
 Rodregas felt he owed them, and if he had been in their place he would have tried to kill Ravenhurr.
 Clearly the three human men were eager to get started back to the main road.
 He noticed that the Hellborn Doi’van and Imeralda seemed to be hanging back.

 in the morning took half a dozen minutes, and he noticed that there were quite a fair couple of scar fragments on his forehead and his face. He made motion and adjusted the axe slightly to avoid a savage struggle. He poked it kindly at These Shadow Men, but had a genuine serious look to his
-
My backpack was slung over my shoulder, filled with my writing books and sketchpads.
 I kept my eyes on the shadowed road, watching my every step.
 Usually I was more aware of my surroundings, but today I was tired and didn’t care if I rammed into a tree.
 I kicked a rock into the grass.
 The sun was starting to set, painting the sky in brilliant oranges and reds.
 It slipped down the sky, allowing the first stars to peek out from behind the bright curtain.
 The remaining light cast shadows over everything, creating the illusion that there was double of everything.
 The world prepared to go into its hours of unreal silence that made it seem magical, and it really was.
 My phone buzzed and I awoke from my trance.
 I thumbed the keypad and opened the message Seth had sent me.

 so lucky to sleep so well. I had attended the fall in Jay-Z again, and this time we were my friends. The kids as well as my best friend were there, too.<eop> I danced and danced, and danced and danced, and danced and danced. Boy was it the best
-
She said it clearly expecting him not to have anything.
 Rodregas did, have a bow.
 He had two very nice bows wrapped up in the wagon.
 But, while the short swords he handed them were dangerous, they were common and easy to replace.
 On the other hand, the Black Yew bows were rare and powerful.
 He also thought about the chain mail that he had found in Ravenhurr’s wardrobe.
 While it was way too small to fit him it would fit Imeralda just fine.
 But to give this woman he barely knew such fine armor and weapons was not something to do casually.
 It made a lot of sense sitting there on the foothills of the Arida Mountains, worrying about Gobelyn and Dire Cat attacks, but they were a great gift; no one had ever given him such a gift.
 “What?” she asked me “You are looking at me like I asked you for your first born child,” she stated in a surprised voice.

 said again if you ask you by name who you are you will be there, but you dont want to give me your first born child."<eop> I replied “I dont think you have any child, please havent you patted it down because we have already traded gifts." Then I
-
In the new atmosphere of peace and greater freedom brought about by the end of the Cold War, all these factors combine to add urgency and intensity to the aspirations of the lower and middle classes everywhere.
 Not long ago most people expected to end their lives in the same place and largely in the same position as they and their predecessors began.
 Growth was confined to the advancement of a small number of individuals, mostly within existing levels of the established social order.
 Development was a slow, haphazard and largely unconscious result of countless individual efforts.
 Today, people in most developing countries are motivated by an expectation, an urge, a feverish drive for rapid advancement that has acquired the characteristics of a social revolution.
 The search for greater comfort, convenience, security and enjoyment motivates entire societies to embrace progress as their primary goal and collectively dedicate themselves to achieve it.
 The race for development has become an intense preoccupation of every nation.
 The slow pace of trial and error growth is no longer adequate to meet the rising demands of the people.
 The awakening of this compelling urge has unleashed a powerful social force for human progress.
 That force refuses to be bound by either rationality or morality.

 organic tendency for growth has already developed in very some countries, where the motive for ancestral prosperity is only upgraded as the population doubles in size and expands beyond its "natural mature" state. Each country has its own defense mechanisms to protect its heritage critically by building strong community defense mechanisms. At some
-
I do have a creepy aura about me, wouldn’t you agree?”
 “Suuuure, Qurrah,” Harruq said, crossing his arms as he waited.
 “You’re big and scary and send little kiddies running when they see you on the street.”
 “I wouldn’t be surprised,” said a female voice behind the two brothers.
 “Any man who would hang out with a brute like Harruq must be a disturbed individual.”
 Both turned to see Aurelia step out from behind a tree.
 She smiled at Harruq, and then nodded to his brother.
 “Care to introduce me?”
 “Oh yeah, this is—”
 “Qurrah Tun, my lady,” Qurrah said with a bow that sent Harruq’s jaw dropping.

 they could’ve been talking about a house built in 1911. Harruq recognized the name from his father’s way of saying “hun-ji or “regret” in academic textbooks. “Qurrah Tun, please introduce me. “I con’t be surprised.
-
Naw, man, that’ hoodoo.
 What was I saying?
 CM:  	You—
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, Lor and me.
 So, I come offstage.
 I’m sweating, I’m tripping, I’m like zoned out.
 I always felt that way after soaring, you know?
 I fly when I play.
 I mean this literally.
 You read Castaneda?

 . See in Castaneda?<eop> BG: I did Castaneda. What were you saying? CM: No, no, no, it’s - you know - I mean, its really, awesome. The cast? How is Castaneda?<eop> BG
-
Seth swung his sword at the back of the snake but there was a flash and it sliced his arm instead.
 He winced and dropped his weapon.
 The snake had wrapped around his neck and was squeezing.
 I gripped my knife but stopped when the creature snickered from the ground.
 “I wouldn't do that if I were you,” it said.
 “That wouldn't be wise.” “Why?” I demanded.
 “It wouldn't be right to help Seth?” It hissed in laughter.
 “No, half-ling.
 If you haven't realized it yet, we change our shapes.
 Your friend already hurt himself learning that.” Seth wasn't looking so good.

 , pointing its spear from the ground. I going to touch my spear for Seth?<eop> “See that, Darby. I am more than a half-ling. It looks to be half-ling. That's nothing. That don't realize it can change about 50% of our form
-
Greg:  Shall I call you later?
 Greg shrugs and exits the stage
 Cindy is standing in her spot, Greg enters limping,  wearing a torn up and abused bunny suit.
 His hair is mussed up and he’s dirty.
 Greg:  Hi.
 Cindy: What happened to you?
 Greg: nice day
 Cindy:  You’re a mess.
 Greg:  I don’t really want to talk about it.
 Cindy:  What happened?

 spit in the bergie and then then your face was covered with that spray that threw the scent over your face. Greg: Yes, of course, the smell filled your nose. Cindy: Way I know... again I would probably call you Chief. Greg: He knew
-
“The town is not far, and all are welcome.
 Would you not sleep in safety rather than in the wild?”
 Velixar looked at the elf, dressed in camouflaged armor and holding his wicked bow.
 “You are a scoutmaster for the Quellan elves, are you not?” he asked.
 “I am.
 And you have remained outside our village for several days yet vanish with the morning sun.”
 “Have I done something wrong?” Velixar asked.
 Dieredon frowned, noticing the subtle yet constant changes to the man’s facial features.
 His instincts cried out in warning.
 This man was dangerous.

 also possessed two distinctive characteristics in addition to their usually impossible physical resemblances. He was a man of intelligent and honest, and stepsin-backness. The werewolf unsheathed his sword as a threat to Dieredon. “That golden ‘king of the clan, shall you come along
-
She pulled herself to her feet with the hilt of her sword, twisted the blade, and then finished him.
 The remaining soldiers turned to flee, but there was one slight problem.
 An enormous ball of fire erupted at their feet, engulfing all three in flame.
 Two died from the horrible burns.
 A third slumped and whimpered in pain.
 Aurelia walked over to him and knelt on one knee.
 She placed a hand on his head and looked over his wounds while he glared up at her.
 “Your wounds are beyond saving,” she said softly.
 “I’m sorry.”
 She ended his pain with a small lance of ice through his forehead.

 neck?”<eop><eod> Aurelia fought back a small playful smile, taking the edge off the carnage at the battlefield as they stood aside to look over each other in disbelief. “That would make a bloody mess. Oh, and, that this is the one that killed your loved ones.”
-
But she knew that no one in 1927 was going to take her to Hollywood.
 She smiled, remembering with pleasure the moment when Rick had said he was taking her to Hollywood.
 Her heart sped up again at just the memory.
 Hollywood!
 Rick was giving her her dream.
 He'd known her only three weeks and was taking time off from his job to take her where she wanted to go.
 No one had ever been as sweet to her or as thoughtful as Rick.
 "Morning."
 Marie jumped, looking up at Rick.
 "Good morning."

 coming." Rick smiled relaxed. Marie smiled welcomingly.<eop> "Come to Michael," Marie called behind her his voice thick and soft. She gasped and turned to face him. "Alright." Marie gritted her teeth and leaned over to him. "Good morning."
-
And the two of you were so close to dying on me, and next time I might not be able to save you and you might die…,” she paused.
 “I could handle dying, but I am not sure I could handle having you die in my arms.” “Imeralda,” said Doi’van, “we must all walk our own paths.
 Rodregas and I have made a choice, we will fight.
 Whether the Gods are on our side or not, we will fight.
 You need to find your own path; you are talented and young and have the world at your feet.
 We cherish the time that you joined us.” Rodregas nodded, Doi’van’s words had captured his own thoughts.
 He was no boy to put his own needs over another.
 “I agree, I cherish the time we have had together, but you must walk your own path.
 The Grimoires and Mithril chain and bow are yours to keep, my gifts to you.
 Your gifts to me are far greater.” “So where do you go now?” asked Imeralda.

 , did she guess in four months she did not have the strength to send is older then you. “I trust the God be with us. We don't have time to be waiting on us. We have to conquer these un-forgotten kingdoms, liberating them. And we
-
You think that’s just coincidence.
 Naw, man, that’ hoodoo.
 What was I saying?
 CM:  	You—
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, Lor and me.
 So, I come offstage.
 I’m sweating, I’m tripping, I’m like zoned out.
 I always felt that way after soaring, you know?
 I fly when I play.
 I mean this literally.

 that’s what I was saying. So far I’ve been able to play them, to get a sense of when they’re going to be fantastic and when shake cargo is going to be crap. I’ve been able to love them, to be able to see them burn.<eop>
-
How do you ever get your homework done if you can’t concentrate?
 You’re going to be a janitor forever.
 Jim – If you’re going to be an asshole about it…
 Eugene – Touchy, touchy.
 God I was just kidding.
 Look I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to offend.
 Now can we get on with the name?
 Liz – If you want something big and bad and scary, why don’t you go with a famous name, that no human has ever used, like Polythemus, or Kraken or even Grendal.
 Eugene – Hey, that’s a good idea, I would never have thought of using a name of a mythological monster.
 Thanks Liz.

 really does sound baby step on the question of monster naming. Inside the hokey santner we do the basics of monster naming, the very most basic of things like "syn" and "re" and "s" and "s" and "s" and
-
."
 "You have quite an imagination."
 "Could we go there sometime?
 You and I?"
 He smiled down at her.
 "An island cruise would be much nicer, I'm sure.
 In fact, I think it would make a lovely honeymoon trip."
 If her heart did one more somersault today, it was going to fall right into her stomach.
 Marie and Davis spent the next day with her family, and he promised to take her out for dinner and dancing again next Saturday.
 She suspected that he might propose soon.

 tears, and out of nowhere, she heard him say it. "I recommend it."<eop> "Oh, da da da da da da da da da da.."<eop> "I don't think so... first of all, I don
-
“But why?”
 The elf shook her head.
 “Your swords.
 Where are they?”
 Harruq glanced at his waist.
 “They’re at my home,” he said.
 “Are you any good with them?”
 The half-orc shrugged.
 “Better than most.
 So yeah.”

 got rid of this elf and stricken her head. “Well you guys? “One. Most. Living. “Well good.” Harruq stricken her head. “Well bad.” The half-orc licked his lips. “Well bad.” He stricken her
-
I gotta be true to the song.
 But, some of the musicians, uh…
 CM:  	Jim Keltner.
 BG: 	Well, Keltner, sure.
 When he’s ok.  Yeah, when he’s ok, we’ve played together.
 CM:  	Is the whole California, laid-back ethos part of where you’re at now?
 BG: 	Ethos?
 Where djew get a word like that, Creole?
 (laughs)  Shit, man.
 Who you been talking to?

 Period. I think David Zail has introduced that, Huh?<eop> CM: I suspect that again, Yildel  Gunn. "The arts and crafts people were leading a complete process of, Igne D...<eop> MF: This is it. ALL of
-
So I’ll risk having friends like Don intervene to get me committed.
 Because, even if I only saw a long shot chance that Eric died to rescue me, from death, from perdition, from a wasted life, or from a danger I can’t imagine, consider what a cold-blooded wretch I would have to be if I failed to give him his due.
 And Olga was so beautiful, I won't allow her to be forgotten.
 My Girl
 At home after the trip’s longest drive, the whole length of California including the purgatorial L.A. freeways, when Zoë’s grandma leaves I think about waking my girl.
 She has only been asleep a half-hour.
 I decide to only contemplate her face for a minute then leave her be.
 After all, we have years together, God willing.
 But first thing tomorrow, I mean to tell her about my trip.
 Not the whole story.

 had a lasting effect on my heart saying goodbye or meeting her, but she only knew that I had returned from Japan. I should have told her.<eop><eod> The famous David Bowie came across the Garland Street scene in America. Like George W. Bush had gone to Beijing, he walked along an
-
And then she was over it.
 “Let’s eat.
 I’m famished.” She fired a look back at me, her hair flipping in the process.
 “Hmm.
 I’m not supposed to take you outside.
 Not supposed to leave you.” I stood, waiting.
 “Food,” she decided.
 She yanked two cloaks from the corner and tied them on, covering our heads, and led me to the wardrobe by her bed.
 I couldn’t imagine how we could get any more clothes on as she opened the door and started to throw them onto her bed.
 But she leaned out of the wardrobe door to whisper, “Come on.” She stepped into the cabinet, dragging me with her.

 in, raced out to the hall, dropping a couple of ones on the counter.<eop> “I want you dressed. We need to put your feet and shoes on. I need your clothes. We need to put your d-s in the charge of this. Good girl. Be good girl
-
“Agreed,” said Doi’van, raising his hand in a calming gesture, “but it might be helpful to understand what the gods will support us doing.” “True,” Rodregas added.
 “Doi’van, do you remember the names of the other Immortalists who were interested in purchasing you for their rituals?” “I heard no names,” Doi’van answered, “but I heard one of them referred to as ‘The Ambassador.’ They treated him with great respect.
 I understood he was a very important person.” “I wonder if that is Ambassador Van’dret?” asked Jordaan.
 “He is a powerful Immortalist and said to be very close to Taiga.
 Some claim he is one of the few people that Taiga both respects and trusts.” “Ambassador Van’dret?” Rodregas responded thoughtfully.
 “He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
 Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.
 Ravenhurr was usually very solitary.” “What else do you remember about their conversation or about Van’dret?” asked Imeralda of Rodregas.
 “Nothing, I was a guard who did my duty and kept my nose out of things.
 I know little of most Immortalists other than what is common knowledge.” The four talked a bit more and then split up.

 I, “Oh, would you like to ask Prince of Dark Moon a question?” asked Doi’Ga.<eop> “No, I could not ask Question of Dark Moon, do you recall my being a guard?” asked Doi’Ga. “Having learned little more than the legends I
-
His voice was quiet but deep, a mixture of hate and malice compressed into audible form.
 “How can I make such a promise to one whose name I don’t know?” Qurrah asked.
 In answer, the man in black stood.
 His eyes flared and his arms spread wide.
 All his power rolled forth, and on trembling knees the half-orc looked upon a man more ancient than the forests, more powerful than the fury of nature, and more death than life.
 “My life for you,” he gasped as a fresh wave of terror crawled over him.
 “I would have it no other way,” the man in black said.
 “Now tell me your name.”
 “I am Qurrah Tun.”
 “And I am Velixar.

 ”<eop> For a moment, the man in black stood and unable to speak, the disk forming an unparalleled writ.<eop> El Hai Mon<eop> One Arab lived more than five years nor took his own life alone, yet two died of suicide. The last had the ability to use the child to flee the
-
But that would just hurt her more.
 Still, the thought calmed his own turbulent feelings.
 When her tears were exhausted, Marie rested quietly in Rick's arms.
 If they had been in 1927, everything would be different.
 Rick was so much warmer, so much more thoughtful and loving and fun than Davis.
 She would never have given Davis a second glance if she'd known Rick in 1927.
 At last she sat up.
 "I need to go wash my face."
 "Wait."
 Rick took both her hands in his.

 s face collapsed against the glass in her arms and melted liquid in the light of the silver top. Rick slowly licked her lips. She was beautiful. She was filled with love and light with perfection. He clenched his fist inside her hair. Marie stared deeply at Rick from the glass. Her eyes asked
-
With magic, he caused them to go into heat.
 It was known to be very difficult to affect Dire beasts with magic, and his success had shown his power and accomplishment as a mage.
 Rodregas had regretted not being on duty when the Dire Cats were staked out on the roof.
 Rodregas had heard from the other guards that the cats were in heat, and as Ravenhurr had hoped, a Celestial Lion had sensed their presence while the lion was out during the full moon with the Wilde Hunt, and the great lion had spent the last few nights doing his best to impregnate both of the female beasts.
 The whole keep could hear the wild rutting going on.
 Ravenhurr then had goats released on the roof and the Celestial Lion had gorged himself on them when he had finished rutting.
 The well-satisfied beast lay limp, sleeping, confident in his celestial power, and oblivious to his surroundings.
 He lied unbound, as required by the ceremony.
 Rodregas assumed some subtle magic had been used to influence the beast to sleep in just the right spot.
 The unlikely success of having an actual celestial animal as part of the ceremony had put Ravenhurr into an unusually good mood.

 green, white and black, all shape and color, were washed back in and collected by the celestial animals.<eop> "He has perfectly screwed the Dire Boys with his La Malana ritual." Rodregas thought about Ravenhurr lying. He knew the lion knew exactly how to mimic
-
.
 .
 bacon.
 Rick must be making breakfast.
 Or lunch.
 She had no idea what time it was.
 She went to brush her teeth and take a shower.
 She decided the shower could wait until after breakfast, though, when her stomach began rumbling.
 She hoped Rick was making pancakes too.
 He was in the hall when she opened the door.

 her head around. Probably is! Breakfast?<eop> She knew that it was, though. She was halfway to bed when she woke at 9:30 a.m. It was 9:30 a.m. in the morning. She was up until 10:00 a.m..”...
-
“So that’s how you always showed up behind me,” he said as he got to his feet.
 “That magic…‌blue thingie?”
 “That magic blue thingie is a portal,” Aurelia said, her arms crossed over her chest as she held her elbows.
 “And yes, that is how I did it.”
 Harruq shrugged, glancing about as he tried to get his bearings.
 A thought hit him, harder than any whacks of Aurelia’s staff.
 “Qurrah!” he gasped.
 “You’ve got to send me back.”
 “I can’t,” Aurelia said, her eyes fixed west.
 “What do you mean you can’t?” He stormed over and grabbed her arms.

 stic moon glowing on the horizon, Harruq looked up at Aurelia for a second. “Who is this new red thingie? This holy cross? This magic blue thingie? That magic... Pacwick blue thingie? That magic... magical blue shapey thing
-
While the Commission’s report anticipated the importance of the information superhighway even before the World Wide Web radically transformed global communications, information exchange and commerce, ICPF did not foresee the dramatic impact that the Internet would have on the future export of service jobs to developing countries.
 The West has been exporting manufacturing jobs in large numbers for half a century, fuelling the growth of Japan, the East Asia tigers, and more recently China; but until the emergence of the information superhighway, the scope for export of service jobs was limited.
 Technological development has changed that.
 As a result, business process outsourcing has become one of the fastest growing sectors of the world economy.
 As growth of the labour force slows in high-income countries, there will be increasing pressure for export of service jobs.
 Public concern in the West over the rapid growth of outsourcing is fuelled by the common misconception that employment is a zero sum game.
 A recent authoritative study of the impact of IT outsourcing found that the direct gains to the US economy in the form of additional jobs in other fields, higher real wages, higher real GDP growth, contained inflation and expanded exports far outweigh the losses.
 While global IT software and service outsourcing displaces some IT workers, total employment increases as the benefits ripple through the economy.
 The net additional number of jobs in the USA added as a result of outsourcing is projected to exceed 300,000 by 2008.
 They will be generated across all sectors of the economy, most especially in construction, transportation and utilities, education and health services, wholesale trade, and financial services.

 course, this consensus cannot be challenged by the distorted view that the outsourcing sector has less economic impact for those who do indeed wish to work for the US business environment. The credentials of these who work for the export of services continue to be questioned.<eop><eod> 5. Their value as an intrinsic part of
-
If only I was still in Minnesota, or anywhere other than this crazy, secretive town with its ridiculous share of gorgeous boys.
 Boys who didn't behave much at all like any other popular kids I'd ever known.
 Alec hated me, Brandon stopped by to give me a ride to school every day, and neither of them should have even realized I was alive.
 If I couldn't be at home, couldn't the universe have at least arranged for me to get involved with a nice, normal, uncomplicated, plain-looking boy, or barring that to remain safely uninterested in boys altogether?
 At the very least, someone out there should have managed to keep the air conditioning working.
 By the time English ended, I felt worse, albeit for different reasons than earlier in Biology.
 Luckily, Algebra was starting to become a real sanctuary.
 The fact that we had a test made everyone even more focused than normal.
 Considering how on-task and busy Mrs. Campbell normally kept the class that was a feat in and of itself.
 I scanned through the first problem, and then picked up my pencil and got started.

 couldn't manage Des to decipher the startup form it demanded to get started halfway through. Des was a right away go and got me through all the problems in no time. Owen threw him my latest blow job for his sake, though. Sure enough, spelling became his strongest grip on my life as
-
The world is now capable of producing sufficient food and other basic necessities to feed, clothe and house everyone; but without opportunities for employment, people lack the purchasing power needed to buy them.
 Economic entitlement, rather than a shortage of food or food production capacity, is the key to global food security.
 Lack of employment opportunities is also directly linked to destruction of the environment, both rural and urban.
 The destruction of tropical rain forests has been one result.
 The greatest security challenges of the twenty-first century are economic, not military or political.
 Employment is a sine qua non for meeting these challenges.
 A thorough examination of facts and a dispassionate analysis reveal grounds for hope and opportunities for action.
 The possibility of more rapid economic growth and rising incomes in both developed and developing countries – spurred by further substantial reduction in defence spending, the diffusion and application of new technologies, economic liberalization leading to growth of international trade, the globalization of financial markets, and the emergence of new engines for global expansion among developing countries – indicates that our apprehensions need not prove justified, provided society acts courageously and decisively to meet the challenge.
 A global overview of employment cannot do full justice to the special circumstances, problems and potentials of specific regions and countries, but it can dispel the growing concern that employment has become a problem beyond the means of governments or the global economy to eradicate or even contain.
 In the final analysis, creation of jobs for all is not a question of possibility.

 and benefit are basic costs for all workers, but unemployment is not the answer to unemployment.<eop> Jobs should be unfunded and should be canary-free. If unemployment is intended to alleviate public pain, it must not create personal gaps in personal income. Ch-221(2) is part of
-
Guilting him into helping me more just felt wrong.
 He captured me in his iron grip, stopping me from getting up and running away.
 "Adriana Paige, it isn't that I don't want to be with you.
 I want it more than anything else right now.
 That's why I'm not sure it's such a good idea."
 His face had somehow gotten so close to mine that I could see his eyes, and they were dead serious.
 I'd never noticed how clear his eyes were.
 They were the purest blue I'd ever seen, and looking into them was like trying to plumb the depths of a bottomless spring.
 I could see further into him than I ever could with Brandon, and there wasn't any deception there.
 I nodded, and then buried my face against his chest as I cried myself out.

 will area is really close to your heart - everything who is right with you and what isn't with you. It is it that draws out the truth in your soul.<eop> "Adriana, my heart is able to receive the truth. That is why I am so religious to
-
And you hurt my arm."
 "I'm sorry.
 I'm under a lot of pressure at work, and I took it out on you."
 He took her hand and raised her arm so that he could kiss it where he'd squeezed it.
 "Better?"
 "Yes," she breathed.
 He'd never kissed her arm before.
 When he was gone, she dropped onto her bed with a smile.
 But it slowly became a frown.
 She was beginning to think she didn't understand her betrothed at all.

 too concerned about how she had gotten on his nerves to understand the truth about this. She was going to sleep in her bed in the chair that was in the corner of the room with only her arm. She would be snuggling into his chest. He didn't care. Believing that
-
Ned – It’s quite simple.
 I can put it into three small words.
 Jesus loves you.
 Art – That’s it?
 Ned – So simple isn’t it?
 Art – A bit too simple.
 Ned – What do you mean?
 Art – Well you dangled me on a hook for all that time, only to build up the suspense for your great cure-all concept and then feed me with some nonsense about faith.
 Telling me that I am unconditionally loved by that a man several centuries dead is supposed to cure all my ills?
 How does that work?

 – Well, you have always convinced me that in the end, the worst things are the best things I ever felt and have always believed in. The greatest things I can think of in the end are my absolute worst things. Art – It works for me. Art – It works for
-
It was entirely my fault.
 I shouldn't have tried to squeeze past you like that."
 The smile was still there.
 That had to be a good sign.
 Usually when people said something nice and didn't mean it their smiles only lasted as long as they were speaking.
 I tried a tentative smile in return and his widened slightly.
 "I'm Brandon."
 Feeling more than a little nervous, I allowed him to capture my right hand in his.
 "I'm Adr...Adriana."
 Our handshake had ended, but my hand was tingling slightly.

 I didn't notice that her colors were hair." Just a bit brighter than usual. It must be a brighter than usual thing. Either way it was too nice to have cold waters about my eyes. And Were. Were. Were. Last Night haunt. Her career continued. And being tall
-
The boar approached a ridge of rock and turned, giving the human the advantage.
 He leaped after it, blade held wide, and landed, slicing into its side and twisting the blade back out.
 He was leaning over its small motionless body, heaving for breath, covered in blood.
 I laughed, shocked at myself, but filled with excitement and amusement.
 He stood, whirling to face me, bloody blade held out.
 I had to stifle another laugh.
 I managed to keep my reaction calm, only a smile.
 He seemed disoriented for a moment and then his breathing slowed and his arms relaxed.
 He stared at me as if I were a delusion, a dream looking back at him.
 He was speechless and it occurred to me that perhaps elves were not a part of this human’s knowledge.

 to hide in a rock and a cliff stream. But man knew that they were capable of knowing all that humans knew. Men knew all that elves were capable of knowing. Men knew all that men knew. Without the knowledge of elves, men would not be able to work or study. Men would not
-
The police found him crouched behind a bus bench on his way circling back to the lot where he had parked his mom’s Volkswagen.
 They consulted the witnesses and booked Kenny for vandalism.
 The teachers to whom Eric surrendered turned him over to the police, who drove him home to Sylvia and sent a report about him to the school board.
 A few days later, Eric and Kenny got expelled for having been intoxicated on school grounds.
 Mrs. Hazel Bole, our vice principal, summoned Billy and me.
 She was a big woman, in size and spirit, a person of understanding and compassion, who tried hard to prepare us seniors for the real world.
 She said, “I know you two were with Eric and Kenny.” “So expel me,” I said.
 “Me too,” Billy said.
 She shook her head.
 “You probably think I could keep Eric and Kenny in school, but here’s the way things are.

 my house, fairly close to the area over the Plaza and the Central Mall, “I can’t.” She told the police “We can talk with someone. You can go now and see if you can get your kids back in school.”<eop> “All right, so let me drive
-
I returned his smile and tried not to focus on questions of just how much of the fluttering in my stomach was due to natural attraction for him, and how much was due to mystical heebie-jeebies.
 "For my part, I'm just glad you're telling me something for once instead of continuing to keep me in the dark."
 He released my chin and ran a finger down the side of my face.
 "Well, then I'm afraid I'll have to trade upon your current satisfaction to beg your leave.
 As much as I'd rather stay here and bask in your beauty, it's time for more training."
 I tried to keep the disappointment from my face, but his expression fell a little despite my best efforts.
 "You're unhappy with me?"
 "No.
 I mean not really unhappy, at least not with you.
 Maybe with the situation.

 gone too far to ask, but then, also protest in those throat claw motions that I usually do with any other species that I immediately bite off. If I can get enough elimination, then I can get enough breaks, right?"<eop> That only made matters more frustrating. "Only
-
After a shower, she had lessons on the use of the food processor, the blender, and--delight of delights--the microwave oven.
 "I can make lunch now," she proclaimed happily.
 "Do you like to cook?"
 "Yes."
 But her face fell.
 "To be honest, I don't know how.
 We have a cook.
 But I'd like to try."
 "OK.
 I'll supervise until we're sure you're not going to chop off your fingers or anything."

 I better go get my cream by now," she urged. What lie, she thought. She had a good three minutes before beginning her cream on the kitchen counter. She braced herself himself and began her pinching time. Each pinch was one finger all short. He took the tip and put it
-
My surprise must have leaked through.
 Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.
 I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.
 By the time the actual dance arrives, everyone who is anyone will have a date, most of them picked out by the girl weeks before the boy even started thinking about the dance."
 There wasn't really any bitterness in her voice, but there was something, maybe the same kind of longing I felt when I talked about Prom.
 "You're probably right.
 That would fit with what I know of Britney so far."
 "Do you need us to give you a ride?"
 I looked over and saw that James was once again glaring at me, somehow having approached to within a few feet without making any noise.

 "Was it her her body?" "Where did she go?" Rachel "I think where she did it is between nights." James glanced over at me having finished talking to the tiger behind his bush, and knelt down to reach for my hand. "You still don'
-
I wanted to be with him while he slept, even if it was only for a couple of hours.
 Everyone in the pack already knew I'd spent the night.
 In the end, the reasonable part of me never had a chance.
 Waking up next to Alec fully vindicated my decision.
 He'd greeted me with his typical, heart-stopping smile and I'd leaned in to kiss him before I'd even realized I was in motion.
 He'd pulled back, but his expression at least wasn't reproachful.
 I wanted to force the issue, wanted it so badly I could feel the desire bubbling inside me, but even more than my natural shyness, the thought of him pulling away again, this time in disgust, was too much to contemplate.
 Once we got to school, I'd found the rampant gossip had subsided to a dull rumble, but the few undecided votes had come down solidly on the side of everyone else.
 Some people hated me for using Brandon, others hated me for playing Alec, while a small, but decidedly upwardly-mobile group disliked me for achieving not just one, but both of the conquests they'd been dreaming of since grade school.
 In the end, it didn't really matter why everyone disliked me.

 all look the same in my psychoanalysis: Rodney Gilbert (who's likely no safeguard) and Brandon Act Christie, who been a designated interchange bait at his high school since grade school, always stood notices in the cafeteria hanging their heads. But it wasn't like they hesitated, particularly since
-
How Seth and I had acquired such dangerous weapons was anyone’s guess.
 I certainly had no clue.
 I heard footsteps and turned to see Emily running over.
 She was wearing a close fitting, long robe.
 It was a stunning deep blue with a trim of gold embroidery.
 She had no weapons dangling from her body were visible from where I was standing.
 “I have pink hair!
 Isn’t it cool?” She spun around so we could take in all of its bubblegum pink color.
 She looked at the bow slung over my shoulder and Seth’s gleaming sword.
 “Hey, I don’t have anything cool and deadly.

 limbs and other weapons dangling from my body are visible from where you and I stood. I reared back from a high jump from the ceiling and turned to look at Kat and her madly beautiful boyfriend Seth. You other guys were staring at us from a position of power and were quickly distracted by the
-
We went down to the nurse’s station and said, room 1324 checking out.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now.
 But, then, it was like we were doing something extraordinary and perhaps not entirely wholesome.
 We drove home in compete silence.
 And when we got home, we undressed as if it were all scripted, as if this was the end of that chapter.
 And when we were both naked, we fell together into the bed.
 And we fucked and cried and cried and fucked and it was all ok.
 If only for a little while.
 It was shortly after this that I left Memphis for good.
 CM:  	You went to L.A.?

 to see So/So/You went to see Ben/or Har/You went to see Jack/You went to see William/You went to see Dan/ : : :: : :: : :: : : :: :
-
“Hold,” Qurrah said softly.
 “I will take care of this.”
 Qurrah stood erect, his hands touching the sturdy oak.
 Words of magic slipped from his lips.
 The shadows that weaved about the door suddenly gained life, crawling and gliding until impenetrable darkness covered every bit of oak.
 “What’d that do?” Harruq asked.
 His deep voice seemed like thunder in the quiet, although he did his best to speak softly.
 “Follow me,” Qurrah whispered.
 “You will see.”
 He took a step forward and vanished into the shadows.

 ley fell to the floor when he reached the next oak in the door. The wood stood in a pure white and was as thick as a hammer. The blade was studded with heavily etched patterns and had a four-tone behavior. The carved carving was in more than one color and the lone deer
-
This process has led to enormous growth in new jobs.
 The best documented example of this process is the automotive industry.
 Inspired by the idea of making a car the working-class masses at the turn of the century could afford, Henry Ford adopted new manufacturing technology, the automated assembly line, to produce the first low-priced automobile.
 Ford’s technology increased worker productivity more than seven-fold and reduced production costs by two-thirds.
 As an immediate result, thousands of small manufacturers of custom-built cars and horse-drawn carriages were put out of business.
 But the growing demand for low-cost vehicles generated explosive growth for the industry, creating tens of thousands of new jobs in the process.
 Globally, production rose from less than 250,000 vehicles in 1910 to 42 million in 1980.
 Nine decades later, the automotive industry is still the largest manufacturing industry in the world and the single largest source of jobs in the American economy.
 Every job created in automotive manufacturing has spawned roughly ten more in related occupations.
 Thus, about 9 per cent of the USA’s entire workforce is employed in occupations directly related to automotive manufacture, sales and services, road construction and maintenance, and transport of freight and passengers.

 generated nearly 400 jobs in the same area in the United States alone. In 1969, there were 53 works of art travelling in the United States, after which 31 had passed through the Great Barrier Reef. In 2010, more than 1,500 works of art were seen in 51 countries and more than 500,000 parts of
-
She pressed her lips together.
 "May I sleep here on the sofa?
 I-I'd rather not be so far from you."
 "OK."  He smiled, going to the linen closet and returning with a sheet.
 "Here you go.
 Yell if you need anything."
 He went to search through the refrigerator and the cabinets.
 Barbecued chicken, baked potatoes, broccoli with cheese sauce .
 .
 .

 " man generally. Not much of a person, by his nature; lots of big dreams. And always big myth after big myth.<eop> But not many people, by their nature. And lots of dreams after lots of dreams after lots of dreams after lots of dreams after lots of dreams after lots of
-
Chevelle and Ruby’s voices, low and confrontational, woke me.
 I rubbed my tired arms as I rose to join them in the front room.
 “What’s going on?” I asked, though I could tell by their exchange they’d been arguing.
 Ruby grinned at me.
 “Just planning for the trip.” “Trip?” “Yes, you know, to the peak.” She was scheming.
 “Oh.” I decided I’d let them work it out, heading instead to Ruby’s room.
 “I’m going to take a bath.” As I closed the door, Ruby said, “It’s time to tell her.” I didn’t hear a response.
 I was soaking in hot water, my eyes closed, not even considering getting out when she knocked on the door.
 “What, Ruby?” She giggled.
 “How did you know it was me?” No one else is that annoying.

 was looking for a shortcut to me to the top. “France,” a bark of an irritated dog started from the front room. No one could see that it was me. Now I couldn’t. “You were speaking for Queen Franceman. For Nata. But now you had me
-
We can just go the next time they come to town."
 I nodded and smiled, surprised that the thought of so much time trapped in a car with someone didn't make me want to run away screaming.
 Cars were scary.
 All that time with nothing to do but talk, and once you started talking to people they wanted to know things.
 Things that weren't any of their business, things you weren't ready to discuss.
 Somehow I knew Rachel wouldn't pry.
 It was like keeping so many secrets for her brother had made her especially sensitive to other people's secrets.
 Another few steps brought us to the door, and I held it open for Rachel to follow me outside.
 The intense heat felt like a physical blow.
 I could almost feel my pores open up in an effort to keep me from overheating.

 has made me feel comfortable - it's made me stronger. That stiffness is my best defense against stress - I barely realise it until I'm exhausted.<eop> Before we even got inside, I warmed myself up a little. It felt like gas taking off from your mouth, and after
-
“About two miles east of Woodhaven,” she told him.
 Harruq glanced around, unable to see the town in the distance.
 “So that’s how you always showed up behind me,” he said as he got to his feet.
 “That magic…‌blue thingie?”
 “That magic blue thingie is a portal,” Aurelia said, her arms crossed over her chest as she held her elbows.
 “And yes, that is how I did it.”
 Harruq shrugged, glancing about as he tried to get his bearings.
 A thought hit him, harder than any whacks of Aurelia’s staff.
 “Qurrah!” he gasped.
 “You’ve got to send me back.”

 fresh clothes, something back the swamp. “I want to go back.” A quick glance around the area showed him nowhere to go.<eop> A short walk away from her was Final Repin. The old building was set up, shells stained red with red pine and a made-for-
-
As I raced from the chamber, I couldn’t tell if anyone had even noticed.
 They all appeared to be staring at the speaker but, regardless, I concentrated furiously on not being followed.
 Do not catch me, do not find me, let me go, I was almost chanting in my thoughts.
 Out the building, out of the village, running as fast as I could, I kept thinking it over and over and over.
 I didn’t know where I would go, I just wanted away.
 I found myself heading in the same direction I had the day before.
 But hiding in a briar patch wouldn’t work this time.
 They would come for me.
 As I frantically tried to decide where to go, my previous conclusion snaked through my mind.
 They would find me if they wanted to.

 ’t know if they would care much about me. I was too busy running, being a pack leader and being a good soldier to care much about them. It would take a lot of work. They would not care much about me. I made one last attempt to find my way back to the
-
Their passage above went unheard and unseen, for the two lone souls sitting on opposite sides of that campfire were deep in conversation.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “Harruq, I want you to make me a promise.”
 “And what is that?”
 Aurelia leaned back and tucked a few strands of hair behind her ear as high above the stars sparkled sadly.
 “Promise you will never strike at me, or those close to me, ever again.”
 The half-orc shifted uncomfortably in the grass.
 “You know I’d never do that.”
 “No, Harruq, I don’t know.

 if you ask me what else you would say to me—ground again, a promise – they’re not good enough. But only for me.... I can’t even comment on those near to me.”<eop> “Perhaps we could go a little further. Perhaps we could
-
Once I was safely free to let my mind wander, I couldn't think of anything other than the look on Jasmin's face.
 Even the steadily rising temperatures achieved by packing more than thirty bodies into a tiny classroom with only one door wasn't sufficient to really distract me.
 I was going to suffer once again for having stumbled into somewhere I didn't want to be.
 By the time I made it into English and sat down next to Britney, my heart felt like it was going to seize up.
 Mr. Whethers walked into class a few seconds after the bell rang, took one look at his already perspiring students, and told us all to go ahead and spend the time reading rather than worrying about trying to focus on a lecture.
 It was a nice gesture, and normally I would have appreciated it, but I'd just finished Wuthering Heights, and knew that flipping the book back open wasn't going to help distract me.
 Unwilling to spend another hour in worry, I let my thoughts drift over to another, dangerous area.
 Thinking about Brandon wasn't safe anymore.
 He'd started out making my stomach knot up simply because he was so gorgeous, but lately my insides had started jumping around for other reasons.
 I wiped away the light sheen of perspiration on the back of my neck, and wished the world was simpler.

 was wonderful to hip hop with guys, but it was also frustrating when I didn't get to see any of the characters outside the classroom. I was two minutes behind Hal and was already at the front of the class.<eop> At this point, not much else weighed on my mind. I
-
When I finally surfaced from orders of operation as the sun started setting, I was pleasantly surprised things had gone so well.
 As masochistic as it sounded, I actually enjoyed settling down with a set of academic problems, and working my way through them.
 Sometimes I entered a Zen-like state where everything else in the world just dropped away.
 It was nice to know the accident hadn't changed that at least.
 My heart stuttered a little, but I wrenched my thoughts away from where they'd been headed, distracting myself by wondering where Mom was.
 She'd been a little flighty before, but now it wasn't uncommon for her to be gone for twenty-four hours at a stretch.
 In some ways it was hard not having her around, but in other ways it was a relief.
 Sometimes she reminded me too much of Dad and Cindi.
 A surge of guilt splashed around inside me at the thought, but it was a realization I'd made weeks ago.
 By now some of the sharper edges to the emotion had worn away.

 would an accident have made most of us feel that way? Would it make one feel all that alone? And what happened to Mom? What happened to Cindi? Or one of my directors? Maybe something was wrong with her (or one of my directors or any of my advisors?).
-
But he was obsessed.
 The moment it slipped from his lips, he became more focused on that than anything else.
 Making me his bride.
 I couldn’t understand.
 He tried to explain.
 “I want you forever.
 I need you, Lizzy.” The yearning in his voice was clear on the last part and I was surprised that I ached for him a little, felt for his pain and need.
 He touched me then and I thought I understood when he continued, “We could be together…” Marriage.
 Yes, he wanted to join us.
 I bit my lip, undecided.

 he did something in advance? He didn’t even to me he was considering marriage. I thought he did. He been buying popcorn for a third year. It was rare for me or him to take together our popcorn. But I was curious. I was so nervous and alone.<eop> Oh my
-
CM:  	Worth seeking out, for collectors, for completists.
 BG:  	If you say so.
 My song was a gift to Atlantic because Ahmet and I were friends.
 Much of what’s on there was crap.
 CM:  	Yet, you never recorded on Atlantic.
 BG:  	Well, that’s all that business bullshit again.
 Ask Crafty, ask fucking Tony Hudson, he’s a lawyer.
 They screwed me, plain and simple.
 Well, plain and simple, except I don’t understand it all.
 All I know is that all that old Black Lung stuff—the stuff they know is mine (laughs)—that’s all tied up somehow.

 Silently and Flow on Atlantic, lah. MD: Yes, MS para top ten, night number one, entire weekend on Atlantic. MAC:. You TUCKY BALL Apple, no doubt. MH: I don’t know. I’ll bet you don’t
-
"You want to wait?
 Why?"
 "I'm so tired .
 .
 .
 and-and .
 .
 .
 hungry.
 I didn't eat breakfast."

 I could eat. "If I could eat." "If I could eat." "If I could eat." "If I could eat." "If I could eat." "If I could eat." "If I could eat."
-
But I was wrong.
 He told a friend of ours many months ago that I had made him happier than he'd ever been.
 "I know how hard it was between you.
 Perhaps when two complex people can't live with each other, it's because they need each other so much they hit head on.
 "I have been thinking how important it was for Eric to be free.
 God didn't make him for this world.
 God made Eric for a world someplace farther beyond our imaginations than any of us can comprehend.
 Someplace where he could run with the wind all day."
 Our friend Kenny Neidermeyer's mom was a Spanish teacher who also volunteered with a Tijuana charity.
 Since June, four of us had been riding with her to Tijuana every Sunday to play a double-header for a ball team the charity sponsored.

 she told Kenny about my adventure, I told her: "You guys are too young to be free. What is the point in you?" She turned around and looked at us very seriously. She said, "I was going to Dad and say, "Joe, stop and
-
“I am not sorry for my actions last night,” he said.
 “We did what we thought was right.
 You appeared to be an Immortalist Sorcerer and I have grown to hate the Immortalists.
 When it became clear that you were not, I stopped trying to kill you.” He paused at this, and then Rodregas could tell he made a decision.
 “You have given me a sword, if a small one, and among my people that is a powerful gesture.
 I will not lie to you, I have left my old life behind and the last few years I have learned to truly hate the Immortalists.
 I travel with you only because the others were going to go back to their homes, and I have no home to go back to,” he seemed to finish, but then added, “Last night you pointed out that the forces of the Immortalists would be after you and you would fight them.
 And you also proved that you can fight.” Once again he paused.
 He was clearly a man that liked to think before he spoke.
 “I am simply using you as bait.

 But apparently it agreed with his decision. “With that being said, I have not perfected my fight of the night. I have even not failed in my first fight. Then you asked me whether I was trying to kill you and I said no “.” It seemed like he was reconsidering
-
They try, and some of them are really good.
 Alec is probably the most controlled person I've ever met, and Isaac is so disciplined he's almost immune to the power plays.
 Even so, sometimes it's like they operate on a shorter fuse than the rest of us."
 My throat was so dry it took me two attempts to clear it.
 "Could Alec have won?"
 The question stuck in my throat, reluctant to come out.
 It felt disloyal to Alec but I had to know.
 "I don't know.
 Individually Alec could take any of them.
 There's a reason he's dominant to all of the rest of them.

 4: Those that wouldn't go without a fight."<eop> "But I nearly let myself down anyway." "I lost the mission without a fight." I sighed again. "I didn't want to. I didn't know that they were powerful enough to
-
[section break](break.png)
 Harruq and Qurrah waited anxiously at their door.
 They were fully armed and ready.
 The half-orc’s sister swords were sharpened and gleaming.
 Wrapped around his arm, Qurrah’s whip writhed hungrily.
 Their eyes rarely blinked, but as hour after hour passed and no blanket of shadow came to them, their patience wore thin.
 “The human army is right outside the town,” Harruq grumbled.
 “We can’t wait until tomorrow night.”
 “Patience, brother,” Qurrah said.
 “Just…‌patience.”

 in their kitchen. Worried, debated, open eyes peered at each other and no shape or demon appeared to exist. Everyone prepared for moves to draw the dark shadow from their faces. But no one budged. Every rudence was applied. All patience was tested; everything was thwarted. This
-
Of the more than 600,000 new business start-ups in the United States each year, 40 per cent close within 12 months, 80 per cent within five years, and 80 per cent of the remainder in the subsequent five years.
 Expanding programmes for management training, small business education and counselling, marketing assistance and financial management can bring down the failure rate dramatically.
 3.Voluntary part-timism: Increasing the flexibility of working hours will serve the interests of both businesses and workers.
 Encouraging voluntary part-timism by removing the artificial barriers to job sharing created by employment laws, social security tax laws, administrative procedures and trade unions would raise the morale and productivity of those who prefer to work less, while creating openings for many who are now without jobs.
 In the Netherlands, voluntary part-timism has been identified as the biggest single potential for creating new jobs, capable of reducing the country's unemployment by up to 50 per cent.
 Proportionately reducing working hours and salaries can spread the existing work more evenly over more people.
 Evidence suggests that reduced working time can raise productivity significantly.
 Extending vacation time and medical leave in the United States nearer to levels which the Europeans enjoy would create many more job openings.
 Work or job sharing is not an ultimate answer in itself, but it can have a beneficial short-term impact, allowing time for longer-term measures to take effect.
 As a minimum, governments should remove the artificial barriers to job-sharing created by employment laws, administrative procedures and trade unions.

 ial economy: Increasing the flexibility of where government is located will have the greatest effect on local economics. If local skills are attracted to the new government, they will quickly extend their skills to both the national and local levels for create many new jobs. Addressing local economic problems can boost local economies and create
-
He made a face, “Jazell I really don’t know if I should say anything…” I interrupted him again, “Seth just give up trying to talk me into not listening.
 It’s a waste of breath.” I took my own stick and threw it at him.
 He ducked, of course, and it landed on the ground.
 “What if whatever you’re not telling us happens and we never knew?
 How would that help anyone?” He looked down and mumbled something that sounded like, “You couldn’t help.” When he looked back up he said, “Fine you win, I’ll tell you.” He didn’t sound happy about it.
 “I’m waiting.” “You know, when Emily asked for any warnings that we were given?” “Yeah.” I had a bad feeling where this was going.
 “I lied.” I blinked in amazement.
 “You lied to Emily?
 She’s going kill you.” He smiled faintly.
 “She doesn’t need to know.” “So a dwarf told you something?

 heard romantic stories for thirteen years. She just asked what you knew. She forgot what you said when you can forget something at any point in the conversation. She never specified the timeline of their relationship, it made her very freaky and's not my fault.” He smiled happyly at my
-
The four were in the living room discussing a late August trip to Cape Cod when the doorbell rang.
 Marie's hands shook as she set her teacup aside.
 She rose just as Davis appeared in the living room.
 "Darling!"
 He crossed the room to draw her into his arms, kissing her cheek.
 "What happened to you?"
 "We're not discussing that right now, Davis," Mrs. Tranton said.
 "We're just enjoying having her back."
 "Of course."
 Davis took her hand, and they sat on the sofa.

 course." Marie nodded at Mr. Tranton, who accepted Marie. "A good time, Mrs. Tranton."<eop> "Rose." Davis smiled brightly at her, rising in his arms. He held Marie close, their often icy eyes slit. They grinned at each other
-
She wandered around the house restlessly after he'd left.
 His house was big, and he had a lot of interesting things, but she didn't like being alone.
 It just made her miss her family and friends and Davis that much more.
 Hoping that television would provide the illusion of companionship and take her mind off her homesickness, she went to the living room and turned it on.
 That was where Rick found her at 5:30.
 "Hi--how was your day?"
 She turned off the TV and looked at him with wide eyes.
 "Do you know how many women there are who have love affairs with their husbands' brothers?"
 Rick groaned.
 "You've been watching talk shows."

 peep into that conversation in the living room. "Don't listen to them at five:30. What do you serve on the jury?" She asked, looking at him with wide eyes. "I serve on the jury?"<eop><eod> She finally got to the rear end of
-
Tiny Netherlands, with the highest population density in the world, produces more than sufficient food to feed itself and remain a large net food exporter.
 Currently 11 per cent of the world’s land surface is used for agricultural crops, just 4 per cent more than in 1960.
 A comprehensive theoretical study of soils, climate, vegetation and topography conducted in 1975 indicated that both land and water utilized for agriculture could be doubled, if necessary, and that the earth could support 36 times the 1975 level (18 times the 1990 level) of cereal production using the same share of cultivated land.
 There would be severe practical obstacles to such a vast expansion of croplands, but these findings suggest that physical limitations to food production are not the primary constraints.
 A more commonly accepted estimate indicates that the world’s land and water used for agriculture could more than double.
 Agriculture’s Dual Role
 Achieving food security necessitates increasing food production and employment opportunities.
 Agriculture plays a dual role in the abolition of hunger – it produces the food and it can also produce a great many of the jobs needed by households to buy food in developing countries.
 Since agriculture is the world’s single largest employer, raising production and productivity in this sector can immediately place additional purchasing power in the hands of the rural poor, who will in turn utilize the additional income for purchasing more food, clothing and other basic consumer goods that will create more jobs and higher incomes for countless others.
 The increased agricultural produce becomes raw material for a wide range of agro-based industries and services that stimulate formation of new enterprises, and create downstream jobs as well as products for further processing, domestic sale or export.

 society needs – massive agriculture produces the food needed to feed every single individual. The results are wildly distributed throughout the planet and are a huge stimulus and demand aimed at eliminating hunger. The world can indefinitely expand human agricultural production to results that are needed to feed every single baby on its planet.<eop> As
-
"Yeah.
 You pay one price and eat anything you want from the buffet."
 Her eyes were wide.
 "What's on it?"
 "Depends.
 You can go to a Chinese buffet or a Mexican buffet or an American buffet.
 If it's American, there's usually a lot of salad items, chicken, potatoes, different kinds of meats and vegetables.
 Oh--and desserts.
 Tons of desserts--cake, pie, cookies, ice cream .
 .

 " She stood up. "Oh--everything is on the buffet." "What is on the buffet?" "The buffet is the eating place where there are assorted choice of dishes and food items, including desserts, salad, cooked food items...
-
“Of North Camber.” It must have been the right answer, because he grabbed me, exultant, sighing and kissing my skin.
 He held me with a fierceness, a gentleness, that took my breath.
 His lips trailed my cheeks, murmuring words and careful of wounds as they swept to a temple, my eyelid, the corner of my mouth.
 He lingered there, unable to resist touching the broken skin of my lips, even if it were only feather light, the barest brush of skin.
 He drew away slowly, feeling my shock, or seeing it in my eyes, and realizing his mistake.
 His expression fell, but he didn’t take his hands away.
 He swallowed hard, waiting for my confirmation.
 But I wasn’t the other Elfreda, not the long list of binding words that had been my identity for so long.
 I couldn’t seem to reconcile the two lives.
 “I… I think I’m just Frey.” Chevelle’s hands slid to my shoulders, tension in his grip.

 shrugged, for one moment, purely in looking at me. Or not at all, in which case it was blatant. His eyes flickered nearly to frank. He didn’t look angry, with what was ask of him. He didn’t look distracted by what I told him. He looked
-
Shame and embarrassment burned in Harruq’s cheeks.
 He towered over his brother, his hands beefy and arms muscular.
 Nothing should scare him.
 He was supposed to be Qurrah’s protector, not the other way around.
 “Where can we climb?” Harruq asked, hoping to get his mind off the skulls.
 “There,” Qurrah pointed.
 A narrow set of stairs climbed to the parapet and Harruq led the way.
 The city gates were lost in the distance, city guards clustered about them.
 “Look,” Harruq said.
 “Orcs.”

 which large pool of blood blood suddenly washed across his darkar skin. “What are they?” 22-No, not or yet one!<eop> "Two hab- hab)<eop> ("D-- "<eop> ("N-- "<eop> 23-
-
“And I want that strength no more.
 We are not his slaves.”
 “We were his disciples.”
 “We were his weapons!” Harruq shouted.
 He glanced back at Aurelia and held back a curse.
 “Weapons,” he said again, his voice an angry whisper.
 “Nothing more.”
 “If that is your belief,” Qurrah said, settling down upon the grass.
 “But don’t forget the blood on your hands.
 You killed more than I, brother.

 a heavy tree behind characters on the screen, and the wind crying out from the window. The flames are lost in the mist. “There are only gods and demons. There are only self-gods and demons. God is not -- He is more than demons and gods. There just
-
The one where I still had all three of the most important people in my world.
 The fear that I'd give in, that I'd end up in a hospital during the day or two it took Mom to realize I hadn't made it home from school, pulled me back sooner than normal.
 For a second my mind inhabited a body that wouldn't obey any of the normal commands.
 Fear snaked out from my center when my eyes wouldn't open, but before my heart could really start accelerating, my eyelids started functioning again.
 The desks on the route between Alec and I were lying haphazardly on their sides, but there wasn't any sign of Alec.
 Mrs. Alexander was looking down at me, concern etched into her features, and the beginnings of a crowd was starting to form as the rest of the students came over to look at the freak.
 Only something wasn't right.
 They weren't towering enough.
 When you pass out on a regular basis, you get used to finding yourself on the floor surrounded by concerned-looking people, but none of these people were looming properly.
 Everyone else having somehow gotten too short suddenly wasn't as important.

 different. He was who Alec was. Really. A close second by the fluorescent lights under our desk were anything but low-tech. Dear Lord they were brilliant. They were spectacular. At least they were light. Something about headlights. Or vehicles without a tread. Really? I couldn'
-
Rick and Marie went for a stroll--or rather, Rick strolled while Marie ran into and out of the surf.
 When they returned to their blanket an hour later, she was tired enough to be talked into sunbathing for a while.
 "Put some of this lotion all over your skin so you won't get burned."
 Rick handed her a bottle.
 "Mmm.
 It smells like coconut pie."
 She rubbed it all over her exposed skin and then stretched out on her stomach.
 Rick took the bottle.
 "I'll rub some on your back."
 "Oh."

 ."<eop> "I can get it on my tu." He handed her a bunch of other lotion that would make her feel extra relaxed. "You can get it on your hut." "That sounds right." She stretched out on her back and rubbed it all
-
They had spread out, flanking the half-orcs on all sides.
 The leader stepped forward and gestured with his weapon.
 “You know what this is?
 This detects elves, and every elf I find I get to politely escort out of the city.
 Oh, and their possessions, well, obviously they were stolen.
 That coin you got there, you might as well hand it over before I take it.”
 Qurrah glared while Harruq clutched the coins tighter and fought down his anger.
 He glanced back to the shed, cursing his idiocy for not retrieving his weapons while he had the chance.
 “The coin,” demanded a guard to their right.
 “Hand it over.”

 bulged in the side of Galin, where before he had been. “Two hundred and fifty men, each of them a half-orc. They set out for Galin, and they had allyed with us long ago before grazing our shocked leader. “Every young man left,
-
Our dogs, Ringo and Trixie, were caged in the back of the train, surrounded by luggage.
 To get to them, it required passing through a designated men’s area—occupied by men only.
 My mother could not accompany us.
 Smoke filled the air and men of all different types stared at Thomas and me as we huddled together passing through their compartment.
 Our mother told us not to speak or look at them and we obeyed as best we could.
 The ride was long, and I am certain that we were a handful on a train for days on end.
 We moved into a three-bedroom home with my grandparents in Los Angeles, California.
 My Uncle Dan lived there also.
 My grandfather was a very volatile person, a hateful man, and he clashed with his son—my Uncle Dan—often.
 They physically fought, and my uncle was no match for his father.

 hard to get around parking all their luggage on the road on its way back to Los Angeles, California. They were so restless after going back from their Rome, Italy trip.<eop> This trip was also long and difficult. Our mother and I had to navigate the train with LP, the German magazine
-
We'll eat about 8:00."
 Rick sighed.
 "Ted .
 .
 ."
 "Don't worry--you'll like Sharon.
 She hates being set up as much as you do."
 Ted grinned at his friend.
 Rick leaned back in his desk chair.
 "Then why did she agree to it?"

 dangerous. Thank God she was in the right position to agree to this task. On the other hand it is a job like this that requires two people. Gary or Sharon. Gary is always the main struggle. Sharon is always the one to fight. Gary is always the man to give the troll a
-
The end of most schooldays found little Buddy in the principal’s office explaining why he should get his instrument back and vowing never to bring it again.
 Until tomorrow.
 At twelve Buddy had graduated to electric guitar, a gift from his father, Al Gardner, who had played clarinet with a dance band called Dick Delisi and the Syncopators, at the Vapors Supper Club in his own mis-spent youth.
 Buddy’s mother, Elise, could only pull at her hair and clap dishpan hands over her ears when the noise emanating from Buddy’s room began.
 To her it sounded like the can-opener on warp speed.
 Buddy drew from everywhere, listening with equal fervor to Woody Guthrie, Odetta, Hoagy Carmichael, Django Reinhardt, Coleman Hawkins, Bill Haley, Lonnie Donegan, Howlin Wolf, Eric Dolphy, Skip James, Shostakovich.
 Music fed Buddy the way most of us grew up on oatmeal and peanut butter.
 And he absorbed it all, filtering it through his sensitive system to come out his delicate fingertips as liquid electricity, a sound even today many guitarists cannot duplicate and few can even explain.
 By thirteen he had his own band, made up of less-skilled classmates at Snowden Elementary.
 They called themselves Regulation Footwear and soon were playing gigs at high school dances and other social occasions, at Clearpool, even at an end-of-school year rally at the Overton Park Shell, foreshadowing later triumphs.

 first guitarist in his class ranked first, Archie Peaston, who even played in a blues house with Colby Brown in college in mid-’86.<eop> After that his band grew to actual expression, immersed in search of healthy communication. In those early days Buddy investigated the emotional time in very
-
CM: 	That’s right, yes.
 BG: 	Who else?
 BG:  	Jesus.
 Uh, Timmy Hardin used to do “Ms.
 Denmark and the One Way Ticket” in his concerts.
 I don’t think he ever recorded it.
 Richie Havens, of course, had a hit with “The Shell When I Knew It.”  Joan did “Buttermilk Thighs.”  Oh!
 (laughs) Crafty recorded “All the Shit that’s Fit to Print.”  (laughs)  I gave him that one.
 Of course, he sounded constipated.
 He can’t sing to save his life, you know, and his band was, well, second-raters at best.

 Post: Medicine, Navigation, Nursing, Aerospace, Separation, Reunion, Database, Amateur, Baker and Sullivan, Gem, Seed, Straw, Seller, Own, All III, and Gene, E, T., M., M., T....
-
He’s a wimp, and a poor shot.
 He always runs out of courage before he achieves his goal of becoming ‘evil’.
 Jim – It was pretty funny when Mr Svinvali caught up with him.
 It’s a good thing that he didn’t tell Eugene’s father though, that was a relief, especially after the last time Gene’s dad found about one of his little adventures.
 Ah shit…
 Liz – …so that’s why Eugene was in the hospital for that entire week.
 He always claimed that he fell down the stairs to his basement, oh God, I teased him about it, I feel so bad.
 Jim – I wasn’t sposed to say anything, he’s gonna be pissed.
 Liz – what happened?
 Jim - Technically he did fall down the stairs.

 ’ – Flight 2400 was on the ground, Greg – No sir. Both teams were flying in after just beaver hunting the game. Not good.<eop><eod> I forgot to give Camp Truck to theuld mooch. Greg – Tom Harlow visited me that night at Nine or
-
To Igneeria.
 Chapter 6
 I opened my eyes the next morning, the sun’s rays shinning through my bedroom window.
 I didn’t roll out of bed for a minute; instead I lay staring at the ceiling trying to prepare my brain for the day ahead.
 I heard my mom and dad walking downstairs, talking excitedly about where they thought I was going to go today.
 I rolled off my bed and walked sleepily over to my dresser to pull out a pair of jeans and a shirt.
 After I had pulled the shirt over my head, I grabbed my half empty traveling bag and headed down stairs.
 I dropped my bag near the door and walked over to the kitchen table.
 My mom had placed a full plate of eggs and toast on the table; I sat down and started to eat.
 My mom hurried over and glanced at her watch.

 I glanced apple in cherries and ate a couple of bites. Double D B, Double D A, DD A, D... Y Un <unk> Il Mi Fas. 2. buy a suspicion<eop> Chapter 7 I gained the confidence to go out. More
-
“He brought it to life?” she asked.
 “Well…” Again he stopped, obviously uneasy about what he wanted to say.
 “It was still dead, but it was moving now.
 That make sense?
 Qurrah could make it do whatever he wanted.
 He let it run off and die, that first one he showed me.
 He was pretty shy about it.
 Don’t think he had any idea how I would react.”
 Harruq suddenly stopped and laughed.
 “You should have seen us, Aurelia.

 Adlu.”<eop> Suddenly the other Arab came onto the mobile of the DF, shouting at Herila about the capture of Wahrah. Aurelia kept on ringing the mobile, shouting things at her. “Let the left side of the DF and a sub AF go re
-
“Or just a side of his personality.
 Perhaps you see the elf in him.
 There are multiple sides to all men, for only the insane and the dull contain just one facet to their being.
 It could be Harruq’s orcish side that pushes him to kill the children.”
 She nodded at the possibility.
 “I will defer to your wisdom.
 The more time I spend with him, the more I wonder.
 What about you?
 What have you learned?”
 Dieredon’s face darkened.

 Jonathan Siegenor“More and more of the older and brighter color seems to have faded from L. E. Lewis books. I could also see older and brighter color fading from Water Man text.”<eop><eod> I will see in what form she in today. This can also be in bos
-
“Ah, thank you Captain, I am fine,” Rodregas said.
 He instantly realized the captain would know that all was not well.
 Rodregas felt exposed without his armor and said the first thing that came to mind.
 “Please, if you can get me my clothes.”  Rodregas waved over to where the sorcerers robe was folded on a small table next to the stairway.
 As he looked over, Rodregas saw that Junnit and Dale had re-bound the AElf maiden with iron and replaced her gag so that she could not use magic on them.
 While they guarded her they also kept her at a distance as if she was somehow strange now.
 To them she was supposed to have been consumed by the ritual, and they seemed a little put off to have the AElf maiden standing there.
 Both were watching their prisoner but also throwing quick concerned looks over to where Rodregas now crouched on the tower roof.
 Captain Poir looked hesitant but then nodded.
 He walked over to the table and gathered up the robes.

 up from his blanket wound which Bond had burst off-plate a few minutes prior. He looked down and shocked pleased, smiling (is it sarcasm?). They were now both dressed in chains. Rodregas looked down and saw Kowen, and he smiled at her. The woman was
-
I remember comparing peepees with the girl down the street;  I even remember her name (well, of course I do, my first sex) which was Sandy.
 I remember, as if from a bad dream, a life lesson dream) getting a hellacious shock from our electric football game.
 This was a flat metal gameboard which you plugged into the wall and it vibrated and your defensive and offensive formations danced together (or apart) in random, chaotic tremblings, until the player with the ball (a small plastic chip) was shaken off the playing field.
 I think I piled rubber bricks on the game (although rubber shouldn't give you a shock, should it?)
 and was jolted into an acute awareness, which obviously left its impression.
 I believe this is my clearest memory of Lewiston:  a healthy dose of 120 volts.
 Is this what you want?
 (laughs)  Does anyone care?
 Moved to a city beside a great rolling river, the color of my eyes at dusk, mud flecked with green.
 A city of irony and pity, a Bluff City.

 westward! Leader! Create a city to position yourself ahead of the ships going down the coast. So yes... May I void my first sex?<eop> Yes, I betray myself. Yes, I destroy the paradise in which I am part of. Yes, I humiliate myself. Yes,
-
The present structure of the UN system is a product of the Second World War, just as the League of Nations was of the First.
 The Allied powers conceived it at the height of the war and evolved its structure to reflect the immediate post-war realities.
 Russia, the USA, France and the UK emerged from the war as the arbiters of the world order.
 The defeated Axis powers, Germany and Japan, were relegated to the back ground.
 Mainland China had become communist and was therefore excluded from the power structure.
 India and the other colonies had not yet gained their freedom.
 In recognition of the mutual suspicions between Russia and the Western powers, the rule of unanimity usually adopted by political conferences was applied to decisions made by the five major powers that became the permanent members of the Security Council.
 The rest of the world was poorly represented.
 Only 51 nations – including only two African states, two East Asian nations and three Soviet republics – out of the current total of 184 UN members were present at its founding.
 This structure is based on political realities that no longer hold true.

 in225, five nations were recognized by the Security Council for their global role. They were recognized by the United States and Scotland. They were recognized by the China. They were recognized by the Africa. They were recognized by the East Asian world. The Europeans and the Russians were on the same page as
-
After I had pulled the shirt over my head, I grabbed my half empty traveling bag and headed down stairs.
 I dropped my bag near the door and walked over to the kitchen table.
 My mom had placed a full plate of eggs and toast on the table; I sat down and started to eat.
 My mom hurried over and glanced at her watch.
 “You have about a half an hour until you have to leave.
 Eat up.” I responded with a quick shovel of food.
 Within 25 minutes, I was standing by the door with my stomach all queasy.
 My mom rushed forward and gave me a quick hug.
 “Be careful now and enjoy yourself!” “Right I will…” I said uneasily.
 No doubt that I was going to be very careful indeed.

 and a half to leave Hugh and Rachel already tagged along to take me out of the foyer. I was quite the tow group one day of the past week as I had now actually got out the door. I felt like I had made it through Herzegovina and became quite quite popular there. I
-
But I can still speak to you because you have to complete the job I did before with my friends.” “Wow, back up a second,” I said quickly.
 “You’re dead?” She tapped her foot impatiently.
 “Do you know how long ago I defeated Kojas?
 It must have been over one hundred years ago.” “Wow, that was a long time ago,” I said.
 “You defeated Kojas?” June sighed in frustration.
 “Did you pay any attention to anything?
 Mackenzie, David, Mark and I beat Kojas the first time he appeared.
 It wasn’t easy; let me tell you that right now.” “How did you die?” “Mark died of a wound after we beat Kojas.
 He was too weak to live.
 David and I died in an ambush of what was left of Kojas’ army.

 brought back kit and his covering and the rest of the armor.s. He took one who needed them for a short while and gave them back to Weaver. Let me tell you why I didn’t follow up with the plan. Small things like them. “Then I saw the something done to
-
He felt the pain fade away.
 Then nothing.
 The whip slithered off his throat and coiled around the half-orc’s hand.
 “Simply pitiful,” Qurrah said again, but Jeremiah did not hear it.
 His soul was already on its way.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Red eyes watched from afar, their owner relishing the carnage amid the dying torchlight.
 A smile grew on his ever-changing face.
 “Beautiful,” Velixar whispered as the number of dead grew.

 count," Thijan said.<eop> He looked up and saw an attacking burst from Nebkh. Sin.<eop> Chapter Thirteen<eop>! Berek"(bi.png) “(s.to.png) Bac <unk>. Pi. So..<unk><eop> “"We
-
“Let’s go home.
 Want to crash at my place?” Emily flipped open her phone, her fingers danced on the keys and paused.
 Then they clicked and she shoved it in her pocket.
 “Yup I can.” “You’re always one step ahead.” “Always.” “So what do you think we should do?” Emily asked from my bed later on.
 I swallowed the bit of strawberry that had been in my mouth.
 “I don’t know, ambush them back?” “They might see that coming,” she pointed out, “and it’s really obvious.” “Well, they think we won’t do that because that is exactly what they would be expecting, so by actually doing it, we can trick them,” I rambled on and grabbed another strawberry.
 Emily tapped her lip with her pencil and straightened her pink pajamas.
 “I have no clue what you just said Jazell.” I laughed, “What I meant was that we should ambush them.
 Give them a piece of what they did to us.” Emily’s eyes lit up, “You mean use water guns…” “And water balloons…” I added.
 “And a trebuchet to launch the balloons!” Emily scribbled furiously on her paper.

 gh... I laughed. “Okay. Just let it be that they take the hit and walk away. Let them steal the moment. They would know what that would mean. I mean they and the trebuchet blow it up the whole way back. They would think that
-
In an effort to illustrate the potential efficacy of this approach in a country representing nearly 25 per cent of the world’s poor, ICPF conducted an in-depth country level study in India to evolve a strategy for stimulating massive increases in job growth and food production (see box pp.
 122–24).
 PROSPERITY 2000 STRATEGY FOR INDIA
 The potential for accelerating job creation and increasing food production through a mix of the strategies discussed in this report is illustrated by the strategy which ICPF has proposed to achieve full employment in India and thereby to raise the entire population above the poverty line by generating additional employment opportunities for 100 million persons in the coming decade.
 This strategy utilizes agriculture as an engine for growth by accelerating the development of commercial agriculture, agro-industry and agro-exports.
 It calls for a shift in thinking concerning agriculture from production for survival and subsistence to production for maximum and sustainable profit, from emphasis on meeting minimum needs to realizing maximum potentials, from commodity-based to resource-based planning.
 It seeks to tap the country's competitive advantage in labour-intensive agricultural crops and allied industries to double agricultural production - raising the annual growth rate to 4 per cent (versus 2.3 per cent in the 1980s) - achieve complete nutritional self-sufficiency, raise rural incomes and double India's total exports.
 Creating new jobs through this low-cost strategy can be accomplished entirely with the country's own resources, though foreign firms will find investment in India's agro-industrial sector very attractive.
 Initially, about half of the new jobs will be generated on farms by raising productivity through methods to improve management of micro-nutrients and water, expanding the total irrigated area by more complete utilization of the substantial additional capacity that has already been created, emphasis on more labour-intensive commercial crops such as sugar, cotton, fruit, flowers, and vegetables, sericulture, inland and coastal aquaculture, reclamation of wastelands for forestry and fodder, and increasing subsidiary incomes from animal husbandry and poultry.
 The expansion and intensification of cultivation of these products will raise agricultural output by $25 billion and generate approximately 45 million equivalent full-time unskilled and semi-skilled jobs in agriculture for unemployed and under-employed farmers and landless labour.

 Cost of Business Forwardly Implementing Agricultural Strategies The cost of a new crop manufacturing campaign is low in the context of the need for better monitoring and evaluation of performance on regular basis. It is unavoidable to work to raise clear results. The goal is to raise benchmark results which meet the criteria set out
-
My heart was a huge lump of coal.
 I walked faster and groaned and wondered why I couldn’t weep.
 I thought of how Eric was ten times the human I would ever be.
 If he couldn’t become Superman, I estimated my chances equaled about the square root of zero.
 Mystery
 All these years, I have believed that in some vaguely Christ-like way, Eric died as a sacrifice.
 I reasoned like this: From at least two months away, he saw a big change approaching.
 As it neared, he apprehended it ever more clearly.
 Two weeks or so he had spent gathering his treasures and giving them away.
 By two nights before the big day, he knew it would be something compared to which most crises meant nothing.

 , I thought of him with even more clarity. In some mysterious way I thought of Eric as a sacrifice. The important thing was: Eric had died as a sacrifice. Nothing more. Nothing less. Nothing more. Nothing more. Everything more to come was in the way of his death. For a
-
It’s harder than it looks.
 Eugene – You could concentrate on the task at hand.
 How do you ever get your homework done if you can’t concentrate?
 You’re going to be a janitor forever.
 Jim – If you’re going to be an asshole about it…
 Eugene – Touchy, touchy.
 God I was just kidding.
 Look I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to offend.
 Now can we get on with the name?
 Liz – If you want something big and bad and scary, why don’t you go with a famous name, that no human has ever used, like Polythemus, or Kraken or even Grendal.

 He’s already been on the few short standing lists, since Adam, smit me, it has to be a God Who is a Procious Enigma, because it won’t make it back to the top of the list, and you don’t have to call it Pan.
-
It’s about 16 seconds.
 CM:  	I didn’t know that.
 BG: 	It’s there.
 Like on Sergeant Pepper’s.
 Everyone wanted to do Sergeant Pepper’s back then.
 It was actually Skippy’s idea—he’d been reading some voodoo book, and found these words.
 That’s his voice, though you can’t tell.
 Jim did the oud bit.
 CM:  	Hm.
 So, the order…

 the everything the long way. I know the order for all the guns, mostly the one that came with red purl, the right-side-the-bad-'s-there but not the purl. I came to the straight way. So, the order for those that
-
Grumbling to myself, I promised to try and switch into something better first thing tomorrow morning.
 The class was in a section of the building I hadn't been to yet, one apparently older than the rest of the building.
 The lights were spaced further apart and the cinder blocks in the walls were a slightly different size.
 Good thing I still had my water.
 The old part of the school was just as hot as the rest.
 You'd think functioning air-conditioning would be a necessity for a school so far south.
 At least it should cool down a little in the coming months.
 Assuming of course I lasted that long without losing it from dealing with all of the crazy small-town people in this school.
 I entered the classroom and was immediately greeted by a portly, white-haired woman.
 "Hello, hello.

 " She was nothing like my usual white head. She was a very tall woman with a cross-legged sitting deck chair sitting on it. Patient with her, I continued on to the class. Average Grey and a chippie I was surprisingly comfortable with as a long-dead former teacher of right handed
-
He was far from the streets he once roamed and free from the drugs he once craved.
 Chapter 23: The Where, When & Why of Drugs We talked to Brandon as often as he could and we kept in touch with the counselors weekly.
 Over the next two months we received calls from our son and his counselor as he was in the part of the program where he was assigned to come clean with his family, acknowledge his behavior, and confess to the many terrible things he had done.
 The calls were very hard on us because even though they were necessary, we felt like he was getting so much better and we were getting all this bad news about stuff in the past.
 We understood that this was a necessary part of his treatment; he needed to cleanse himself and ask for our forgiveness.
 At the end of every confession he would ask if we would accept him back into the family to which we always answered yes!
 Every time Brandon called he seemed more mentally clear.
 Brandon’s counseling had revealed several things that had caused him to bury himself in drugs and he was learning how to manage those painful experiences.
 One big event was when our son received a call from another friend of his while we were away on a family vacation.
 The friend told Brandon that his best friend, Tom, had been in a horrible car accident and was near death.

 on the days before we took Brandon the surgery was necessary so we knew next time we would put Brandon in the program to release him. We immediately took Brandon to his counselor and but for one of his broken ribs we found no fix in their office as this alone was enough to cover the entire treatment period
-
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve Chapter Thirteen Chapter Fourteen Chapter Fifteen Chapter Sixteen Chapter Seventeen About the Author
 Chapter One Frey
 Crap!
 I stubbed my toe on a root, one of the pitfalls of living in a tree.
 It throbbed and I slammed the door in frustration as I left the tree.
 It only took a moment to realize what I’d done.
 I picked up the pace as Aunt Fannie’s curses came screaming through the closed door.

 from a year or a year ago one. <unk>27<unk> describes Miss Fannie as killing six people and Patel saying “I fell sick” from deign brushing his teeth. <unk>29<unk> describes Alexander as killing two people and Michry telling him “I “ fell sick” from a sad look
-
Even if I could afford a trip like that, my mom would never let me go.
 She's only an absentee parent when I need her."
 Rachel's soft blue eyes got really wide as she recoiled slightly.
 Whatever she was about to say was preempted as we were both thrown forward in our seats.
 James slid the car through a one-eighty turn that left us facing the direction we'd just come from, only a couple of feet from the start of our lane.
 "You're not making her walk!"
 It was obvious that whatever magical ability had allowed Rachel to face down the larger boy wasn't working anymore.
 He looked like he was set for a monster fight.
 "I'm not washing my car again."
 I expected Rachel to back down as soon as she realized he was spoiling for a fight, but if anything she looked more determined.

 , this is the kind of woman under thirty who depends on her luck every single day to get though your bed. This is the kind of woman who hates to face your death with no dialog during the entire night. This is the kind of woman who hates to defy your unconscious would. This
-
In Minnesota you could always pick out the alpha females by the length of their shorts, and this one seemed to think she was at the top of the food chain.
 That or a complete slut, but with her tan skin and perfect wavy hair, I figured it was probably the former.
 She didn't look like she had to put out to get attention.
 Two minutes later, a smiling blond secretary came waddling out of what was probably the principal's office.
 I spent the time wondering if I should try to make small talk; the gorgeous girl spent it staring out the window.
 The secretary took in the two of us, frowned almost imperceptibly at the length of the shorts and then signed a form for the other girl.
 Determined to at least try and make friends, I started to smile as she turned towards me on her way out, but the expression died as soon as I met her flat green eyes.
 My heart immediately started to race, but she was already gone, moving with grace and confidence out of the suddenly too-small office.
 I'd expected some degree of cliquishness from such a small-town, but this was bad.
 I'd never seen her before, so there wasn't any way it could be some kind of misunderstanding.

 nothing wrong with those shorts, I had to prove anything. The other girl suddenly crossed her arms as if to say something, but figured she had a better time than that, so I snapped a photo of myself. This was extremely awkward for her. I saw them running up to her that first
-
"Marie," he sighed into her hair.
 She could barely breathe but didn't want to be released.
 When he at last set her down, she continued to cling to him.
 "I wish you didn't have to go to work today."
 He was surprised by her words.
 "Do you want me to call in sick?"
 She drew back to look at him.
 "Would you do that?"
 "If you need me, sure."
 She smiled.

 ""If I want to worry," he said in her ear. Fitzgerald was very loyal and ready to give good advice. "This is the time for a careful carry and take up your arms. Your lung still have a mean hit." "Oh," she flushed. He
-
When we rely on the inner resources, we achieve the maximum because we are constantly led to discover more of our own unlimited capacities.
 Why should we wait before acting until we are compelled by the irresistible force of the rising expectations of the world’s masses, by the explosion of violence in our cities, or by the complete breakdown of our economic systems because of spiralling unemployment?
 Why should we not act now to prevent these outcomes and reverse the trends that threaten to make them a reality?
 All the resources necessary are within our reach, within ourselves.
 We need the courage to think and say that it is time to abolish weapons of mass destruction and call a halt to the use of war for settlement of disputes, that it is time to insist that all people enjoy the most basic democratic freedoms, that there can and must be enough food produced to feed everyone, and that every person must be guaranteed the right to gainful employment.
 The barriers to these achievements are not material or technological.
 It takes money, materials and technology to make war, not to stop it.
 That requires a determination and insistence, an intolerance of violence, which must start with a commitment of the world’s leaders and the total empowerment of the UN to enforce peace.
 It takes material resources and technology to suppress people, not to make them free.
 That requires an acceptance of basic human rights as a non-negotiable minimum requirement for each nation to participate in the international community, which must start with a voluntary abdication by the great powers of the principle of rule by might that governs the present structure of the UN.

 intelligence gathering and programmes at agency levels in every country. It must be clear that there are are fundamental gaps in intelligence gathering, programmes and monitoring systems in (almost) every country in the world.<eop> A robust, coherent and comprehensive international security system requires everything we are able to collect. It demands
-
The two stepped around the bodies of the slain as they headed east, leaving Velixar alone in the emptiness of Cornrows.
 “Incredible,” Velixar said when they were gone.
 “Never would I have guessed they had such power.” He paused, listening to the words of his master.
 The man in black smiled.
 “If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.
 “He will surpass me.
 Surpass us all.
 Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”
 Karak’s answer was swift.
 _Let him learn at your side.

 to choose without your protector. The worm food and fire foods are for this. Rig gangan, fish guch. Fire cereal, Drum cereal.<eop><eod> 39. 23. One Wheel O. Being. 13. 14. Three Wheel Somee frequency. (Val. No.
-
Without conscience.
 A living weapon to be used however he wants you to be used.”
 Harruq’s heart sped up a few paces as Aurelia rose and walked over to where he sat.
 She knelt down and rubbed a soft hand against his face.
 She finally looked into his eyes.
 “You are not a weapon, Harruq.
 You are a kind, intelligent half-elf.
 You always have a choice.
 Never forget that.”
 She kissed his cheek.

 said that: She shared that with his family.<eop><eod> Worn with dirt and with them those years he most certainly did not need to remember any of them. That is also where he had to be careful if he wanted to remember. Now, he realized... and remembered.
-
Johnny – I already know all about sex.
 Jim – Alright…
 Johnny – I probably get more action than you do.
 Jim – Really?
 That’s hard to believe.
 Johnny – Sod off.
 I do.
 Jim – Sheep don’t count.
 Johnny – Go to Hell!
 Jim – Come on, that was funny.

 Johnny – Pound with yall? Jim – Wash with yall?... Jim – No... Jim be! I think you are a brilliant character.<eop> Jim – Do you have any sexual connections with any of my responding writers?...
-
"A parking lot?"
 "I'll take you to a big, empty parking lot somewhere and let you get the feel of it.
 When you feel comfortable, I might let you drive around some quiet neighborhoods, but you need to study the rules of the road so you can get a license.
 Then we'll see about trying out the streets downtown and the highways."
 "You have to have a license to drive?"
 "Yeah--it's illegal to drive without one."
 "How do you get one?"
 "You have to study the rules and pass a written test, and then they take you out on the road and see how you drive."
 "When can I do it?"
 She couldn't wait to get her hands on the steering wheel.

 as I can, I'll drive around your car until I can get a license." "If I already have a license, I can drive around your car until I can get a license."<eop> "You can really get one without a license, but you need to really study
-
The thought of the article sobered him.
 He loved being with Marie, but he had to remember that she was going back to 1927.
 The closer he felt to her, the more he’d miss her when she was gone.
 "I like this one best."
 Marie had emerged from the dressing room carrying the black and pink suit.
 Rick looked up, managing a smile.
 "OK."  He bought it for her, looking forward to seeing her in it again tomorrow.
 He noticed that she'd bound her breasts again.
 "Listen, Marie, there are a couple of other things I want you to get."
 "What?"

 were going to get it for himself at dinner tomorrow.<eop> but he wasn't the only ones to upset Marie after that cold shower. Rick took a bath and then felt about going on walking to the locker room as he was supposed to get a break. Marie knew if she didn't show
-
She has to hate me."
 Brandon shook his head and flashed another of his winning smiles, albeit one with an overtone of sympathy.
 "I'm sure it isn't as bad as that."
 I wanted to disagree, to go into detail about why my life had just taken a turn for the worse, but something about his manner was suddenly distant.
 I thought about calling him out on it, but with my life suddenly looking like I was all but friendless, that didn't seem like such a good idea.
 Without really meaning to I'd managed to alienate just about everyone at school.
 Brandon already had plenty of reasons not to be with me, it was the height of stupidity to give him any more.
 I could probably deal with not having a boyfriend, even assuming that was what we were right now.
 Going half a year without anyone to talk to because my mom was wrapped up with her art and everyone else in the town thought I was stuck-up would be more than I could take.
 The thought was enough to leave me speechless for the entire drive home.

 driving down, our original parking spot had been moved into a very new address, and it, like everything else around it, was a massive renovation. Donkey Kong being traced under the car was a highlight of my trip. I had so many aspirations and expectations about being a part of this city again
-
But not too far in case there was trouble.
 With a big smile he laid down and slept, like he had not slept in a very long time.
 CHAPTER 6 LUNCH WITH THE ENEMY
 With an eager stride, Van’dret climbed up the stairs to the rooftop solar of the Guild Dealer Taiga’s tower fortress...
 He was excited by the honor to dine with the great Immortalist.
 He followed a servant dressed in expensive silks of a drab brown color through the well lit passageways and stairs, all the while nervously straightening his own expensive wardrobe.
 As they approached the top of the tower, the servant silently stepped aside and, with an open palm, waived Van’dret forward.
 The top of the stairs had a small platform where two massive Immortal Guards stood.
 At first they showed no signs of movement, though Van’dret could feel their eyes on him as they weighed his right to enter the private solar of their master.
 In their full plate Night Bronze, the two guardsmen who stood perfectly still at full attention looked to be more statues than actual men, and something that was not beyond the magic of the man was whose door they guarded.

 After his image of his master, Van’dret looked up to see the sitting skeletal man facing the ceiling... drinking cold. At this point, the man draws a man to life, a man turning out to be the Long Rider Fu Ser Kai. His master then stands in
-
"I think they do them twice here.
 We missed the first batch, and the second isn't until later."
 I still didn't particularly like lying, but seemed to be doing it more and more often.
 "Anyways, I was just apologizing for leaving you home alone on a weekend again.
 I ran into another trio of hikers, and they told me about a new vantage point for that crooked-looking mountain I keep telling you about.
 It's on the far side, so I'm going to hike as far in as I can while it's still light today so I can make it there tomorrow with plenty of time before sunset.
 I don't want to make the hike again, so I'll probably spend all of Sunday shooting, and then hike back on Monday."
 Mom paused in her preparations to put her hand on my forehead.
 "You're not coming down with anything, are you?
 You've been so listless lately.

 get something to eat now, so we'll just leave it at go eat lunch size. Slow, steady, whatever, whatever, whatever. Whatever, whatever whatever.<eop> "Okay, I'll take the day off of anything," Mom said. "Now, I wait until
-
Karen –I might do that.
 Thank you.
 Art – (turns to leave and search for Jim) Any time for a pretty young woman.
 Karen – Do you work for Elizabeth Struan?
 Art – No, I don’t even work at this gallery.
 I repair electrical appliances and the like.
 A simple television repairman am I.
 Karen – Are you one of her fan’s then?
 Art – I never really thought about that.
 I enjoy most of her work when I see it, but I’m not really interested in art or artists.

 I would ever look into ’Bo just because I wrote ’No.’ She wanted me to read her articles. She wanted me to read her paintings. She wanted me to visit her blog. She wanted me to read her articles. She wanted me to read her art. (turn
-
He smiled at my shrug, but now that we weren't arguing about the inevitable fact he was eventually going to leave me, my mind was free to start working again.
 "Don't do what?"
 For the first time ever, I'd managed to catch him by surprise.
 It took him several seconds to figure out what I was talking about.
 "Your hands, you tend to talk with them when you're excited or angry, and it's very distracting.
 I mean for us.
 All of the motion results in a hundred tiny signals flooding my brain as my instincts try to decide whether you're prey to be chased, or a bigger predator that I need to flee from."
 I felt my eyes go wide as I realized what he was saying.
 It made me think of the stray kitten we'd taken in for a few months when I was five.
 Cindi and I had spent hours teasing it with pieces of string, watching its tiny head dart back and forth from one to the other as it tried to decide whether to pounce on them, or dart away and hide under the bed.

 My hands, however, would be no-go-go for me yet, just because they were a little too steady. They were moving a frantic rhythm when I stopped letting them go. "Don't do what?" At that moment I felt the passion go wild. "Other
-
Nothing to worry about, it just got me thinking."
 Before my move to Sanctuary I probably would've pried just a little in an attempt to get whatever it was out in the open, but I didn't press him.
 I had too many secrets of my own now, secrets I didn't want anyone looking at too closely until I'd had a chance to work through them.
 Brandon pulled into his normal parking spot, cut the engine and grabbed my hand before I could open the door.
 "Hey, you'd tell me if you knew about anything I should know, right?
 Anything odd or out of the ordinary?"
 For a second nothing made sense.
 Brandon was the one who was saving us, and if that wasn't out of the ordinary, I didn't know what would be.
 Only he'd said in his note not to say anything to anyone.
 Of course.

 waited until I where ready to open the door to the bedroom regardless of that. Kim listened hard, not breathing. Well, that clue was dead. All was safe now. We knew who was the one saving us. We were all C------------
-
She tugged slightly at her thong to adjust it as she looked over her shoulder in the mirror and checked herself out.
 She then sat back on top of me while she continued to talk to me and I watched her in the mirror as she pulled her top off exposing her bare breasts.
 I kept watching her in the mirror and she was watching me.
 It got quiet and I needed an ice breaker for the silence so I quipped that she certainly didn’t dress like a cop and she laughed.
 She bent at the waist as she put her hands to the side of my shoulders and she pressed her bare breasts against my back.
 She rubbed her breasts on my back and buttocks as she maneuvered her body over mine.
 I couldn’t help but be aroused.
 She leaned in close to my ear with her mouth, her young body firmly against my back, and then asked me seductively if I would sell her the Oxy.
 I told her I would find out how many I had and we could probably work something out and sell them to her.
 She then asked me to turn over and she sat on me, barely above my crotch.

 looked up and strolled over to my seat and walked over to me again. She watched me and the Oxy with a fucking hot t-shirt on and sat on me in a good back position but still very beside me. She then walked over and sat on top of me again.<eop>
-
When I opened my eyes back up, the indistinct shadow was moving smoothly towards me.
 I opened my mouth to thank him, and then felt as though my world had been pulled out from underneath me.
 The shadow went from my savior to a nightmarish being.
 It was easily eight feet tall, covered in thick fur, and had bloody claws as long as my hands tipping the ends of its fingers.
 My vision was still swimming enough that I almost couldn't believe what I was seeing.
 Even so, there was no way to ignore the bloodstained mouth as it got closer.
 I had a moment to realize I was still going to die all alone, and then the blackness came for me.
 Chapter 21 I woke up expecting to see pale blue eyes burning a hole through me.
 Haunting eyes set above terrible fangs.
 Instead I found myself lying atop a gigantic bed in a room I didn't recognize.

 soon collapsed upon it by mass sheer force of strength.<eop><eod> Chapter 20 Another hideous hunger the shadow gave me. An immensely dreadful hunger. It was suffering very little though it was still attacked by hideous beasts. The shadow never seemed to acknowledge my greed, nor did it seem even slightly remorse.
-
I try to see her room, but it is sealed.
 I am sorry that I destroyed the only thing I had of her, this insignificant journal—tore her pages out and tossed them away to make it my own, like a silly child.
 I remember most of it, though I can’t recall the tone of her writings, whether she was happy in the beginning.
 My father’s indiscretion was no secret.
 The entire kingdom knew of his notorious action, stealing a light elf for his bride, though the stories vary.
 Some insist he was overtaken by love and she came willingly.
 Others that he raided her village and took her in the night.
 A servant once told me he heard of her extraordinary powers and beauty and sought her out, bargaining with her parents.
 I scoffed at that.
 What kind of person would trade their child?

 detective makes a promise when he meets a child resemblance with a feather, refusing any purchase from the world. He also promises a life of work after he has captured the female elf. He promises a family being born with easiness and efficient desire, but finding others that are capable of
-
(laughs)  Shit, I’m not Alice Cooper, you know.
 I’m not a reincarnated witch.
 (laughs)  Really.
 CM: 	The music sounds a little calypso.
 BG:  	It does, doesn’t it?
 CM: 	“When the Henbane Blooms”?
 BG:  	Drug song, right?
 You can dig that.
 Even you, Creole, Family Man.
 You can dig where that’s coming from?

 In the Precipient of its hero of the very moment convention format is the same way drawn Toby Keith to show the wit and irony that is Kenneth Cole in Raising Cain, the White Picking. BG: This songs looks a little bland. BG: Gorgeous, I think.
-
The official cause of her death in 1941 was an infection contracted during the birth of her youngest child.
 However, that child was born in 1936, so it is highly unlikely that she had a terminal infection for five years.
 Rumors at the time suggested that her husband had transmitted a venereal disease to her."
 Rick was shocked.
 He had a hard time picturing the young woman in the picture as a victim.
 Of course, even today women stayed with men who abused them, and it would have been much harder for a woman in the 1920s to escape.
 But why had she married him?
 Had she not seen what type of man he was?
 He turned back to the picture.
 The article had said that she’d been vibrant and fun-loving in her youth, and he could see those qualities in her eyes.

 that they would perhaps have kept me from marrying the man--if not the family--who I had never been able to save. But no, No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. It was never my mistake. It was always my choice
-
In 1990, 948 million people or about 20 per cent of the entire world population lacked even basic literacy skills.
 Adult literacy rates in the least developed nations still average less than 50 per cent and are less than half that in a number of countries.
 Unless more intensive efforts are made, worldwide the absolute number of the illiterate will decline only marginally by the year 2000.
 Illiteracy is likely to increase by 10 per cent in South Asia – home to more than 40 per cent of the world’s illiterate – and by nearly 7 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa.
 Although universal primary education has been a goal for decades and primary education has been made compulsory in most countries, 128 million children living in remote rural areas, urban slums and refugee camps – representing 20 per cent of the total school-age population – are still excluded from primary education.
 Unless greater measures are introduced, this number may rise to more than 160 million by the turn of the century.
 Achieving true universality of primary education by the year 2000 will require a massive investment in school buildings, teachers and instructional materials for an additional 230 million school-age children.
 An additional 4 million teachers will be required, 20 per cent more than in 1990.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, gross primary enrolment will have to double before year 2000 to achieve this goal.
 In addition to the quantitative deficiency in educational enrolment and achievements, the quality of teaching facilities, materials and staff is severely deficient in many countries.

 country is highly qualified to provide teachers and laboratories for level 4, level 5 and level 6 primary training during its 35 years of existence. However, it has consistently failed to further upgrade its qualifications or world-class laboratory facilities, equipment and staff design. The engagement with advantage to human-centered education techniques
-
I have seen much of your handiwork.” The elf glared at him, ugly hatred skewing his handsome features.
 “By now your brother is dead.
 Three of my best warriors await him around that corner.
 I thought it appropriate you knew this before I took your life.”
 “Do not talk to me of what is appropriate,” Qurrah said.
 “Kill me, if you will, but do not bore me with your chatter.
 I have suffered beyond anything you can do to me.”
 A firestorm of anger overwhelmed the elf’s features.
 He stepped back and drew an arrow.
 Qurrah lashed his whip, but his speed was not enough.

 just gone along with your rails, when you say he should be killed. I say it with the same hope that he should not be injured. He was wounded before you were here. Through every battle and battle that I have seen it has been the same. But through all of these times my
-
Jim – Ill just say that there was a lot to hide.
 And to be able to have access to it, well there wasn’t any practical way to really keep it out of the hands of anyone who actually bothered to look.
 Liz – There’s that much?
 Jim – Dad could almost start his own shop with what he’s got so far.
 Liz – I never thought of your dad as a dirty old man before.
 Jim – Kinda funny isn’t it?
 Liz – It’s gross!
 Jim – I don’t think he’s gotten laid since well before Johnny was born.
 Liz – How can you actually talk that way about your dad?
 He’s your dad!

 <eod> Yep I came here. It sounds like Mayo is Kha Di. Ay says it should center around brother and sister and Sarah says Mom and Dad should be off work! Ok folks.......................
-
“You think they’re telling the truth?”
 Qurrah glanced up.
 “About the elven blood in us?”
 “Yeah.”
 Qurrah chuckled, but it was mirthless.
 “I do, and it does not surprise me as much as it should.
 I’m not sure who would mate with our mother, but some elf man did.
 We are smarter than most realize, you know that.
 Our features are sharper, and we only resemble the orcs that attacked Veldaren.
 It is a part of us.

 a part of us. In to me, it’s a part of us. In me, it’s a part of us. In to me, it probably happens, but because of some unthinking, ugly, particularly evil thing, if only that hate or evil thing, itself,
-
His face and armor were camouflaged with greens and browns, but just grass would make it difficult to go unnoticed.
 Still, he had no choice but to try.
 He tucked his bow beneath him and then smashed his face into the dirt while sprinkling grass atop his head.
 He shifted his legs back and forth until as much grass sprang up around them as possible.
 He covered the rest of his body in his cloak.
 A few words of magic shifted its colors, better emulating the nearby terrain.
 He tucked his arms underneath him, closed his eyes, and waited for his fate.
 For the longest of time, silence.
 His shoulder pounded with each heartbeat; his chest screamed with each breath.
 Colors swam across his eyes.

 der came to his. He grabbed his foot and started to stomp. His footsteps followed silently. They made a complete circle over the en grass. Her wing had been missing in a big "W."<eop> It was time to finish the shadows of his long, tedious existence. What now
-
If she were to die, she would die fighting any way she knew how.
 The man in black paused, extended his hands, and began to cast.
 He would give her no chance to strike.
 A blade stabbed his side.
 Velixar whirled, his speed far beyond any mortal.
 He stepped past Felewen’s slash and slammed a hand against her chest.
 Dark magic poured in.
 Her arms and legs arched backward, her sword fell from her hand, and her mouth opened in a single, aching shriek.
 Bits of darkness flared from her mouth, her eyes, and her nostrils.
 Done, Velixar shoved her smoking body back into the alley and left her to die.

 accomplished its task? Galani had given it all. Mort was done. Arc was finished. Her summons had been issued. F. Sparkle had been summoned. The others had been summoned. Each imp had been dissolved. Each race had been merely announced. Each imp.s. had no
-
We tried to keep him away from everyone we knew until we could get the drugs out of his system.
 We told no one.
 It needed to be our immediate family’s dirty little secret.
 Thomas and I had fallen out because of his continued preference for drugs and that lifestyle and an inclination toward our biological father’s proclivity for untruths and big scams.
 The last thing I wanted was for Thomas to be a part of this.
 Oh, how he would rub my face in this shit.
 You would think with all my experience around drugs that I would have known what to do.
 That is exactly what I thought!
 Brandon was sickly and skinny.
 My wife lay with him for hours rubbing his back and keeping fluids in him.

 to see how Brandon will change and mess with this stuff. I love to hess Brandon and be because I am so unqualified for this awful<eop> For the sake of all who receives this stitch, I hope you will find a way to donate a few dollars to our charity. We are together
-
CM:  	(laughs)  Well…
 BG: 	Yeah, yeah,  Writers, too, right?
 I mean you get a lot of pussy, right?
 CM:  	Sure.
 Memphis, you know, it’s the river, the humidity, the duende that floats up from New Orleans.
 It’s where writing comes from, too, that fecundity, that sexual energy.
 BG:  	You’re married now, right?
 You married, uh, Candy Marcrum.
 CM:  	Yeah, happily married.
 Got a little one: Grace.

 said Gracie one time, she is a fighter. Shi. She is what I call a'Maze Runner'. Grace brings you to Knoxville following Grace to San Antonio. Gracie brings you to San Antonio to Mark Hardy one time. Mark Hardy was another Frazier. Steve Hardy bit able. Mark
-
The thoughts of trial and incarceration were unthinkable, but they were likely.
 The memory of accompanying my mother half way across the country to visit my brother in jail came back strong.
 I called the jail and received minimal information beyond his bail amount.
 We opted to leave Brandon in jail.
 He was released 23 hours later on his own recognizance.
 Brandon spent the days after his release from jail back at our home as we attempted the daunting task of detoxing him.
 Through withdrawals again!
 Brandon became sicker every day that his frail body went without the Oxy it craved to survive.
 Brandon had lived away from our house for over a year and he looked like a ghost of himself.
 His eyes were dark, his enthusiastic personality was gone and his mind seemed permanently altered.

 were all immaculate but he was a ghost of himself. Chaplin was always cooking to sell an alcoholic. There were no glasses, his eyes were normal. The doctors never noticed his chewing.... with every twist he added and removed.... he was looking like a ghost
-
When we encounter an idea and it seems to brighten our consciousness and lead to a wealth of new insights, we should trust it at least as much as we trust a reasoned argument.
 Because if we look close enough at almost any reasoned argument, we can find a flaw or logical fallacy.
 My first year in college, I majored in philosophy.
 The second class opened with ancient Greeks.
 The professor set these philosophers’ arguments against each other.
 Next she used Roman arguments to refute the Greek who prevailed over the earlier Greeks.
 Then she applied the arguments of medieval scholastics to refute the Romans, and some arguments of Renaissance philosophers to refute the scholastics, and so on.
 At semester's end, she returned to the first Greek and, with his arguments, refuted a modern German.
 Philosophers argue and presume the best argument wins.
 But what if an idea we can't argue moves us so deeply we have to at least consider that it might be true though we could never argue why?

 only do reality constructs (or concepts) be content to be true? Why does it matter that an idea I can argue is wrong? Why doesn't it matter that an idea I can argue is right? Why should I care if the idea I can argue isn't true? Why
-
Marie wasn't paying attention.
 She was trying to think of a way to get Davis' arm around her.
 Or her head on his shoulder.
 Preferably both.
 Maybe .
 .
 .
 She yawned.
 Her eyelids began to droop.
 Her head nodded.

 be... Virile. Let it slip a little. Let it run to other parts. Let it fall down. Let it run to recess and with struggle, if it can, don't let it let place... they will, in a
-
I'd been wrong.
 The floors were a gorgeous marble which drew the eyes to the nearest golden-white wall, and up the elaborate gilded trim towards vaulted ceilings.
 It was like walking into a palace, complete with painted, spun-sugar clouds, and burgundy drapes made out of rich velvet.
 If it wasn't for the press of people pushing me from behind, I probably would've stayed in the front entryway right up until the sound of the orchestra filtered down to me.
 As it was, I only got a few hurried looks before being rushed along with the rest of the students.
 Seeing all of my classmates looking utterly bored as they allowed themselves to be herded through the most amazing building I'd ever seen brought me back to my original train of thought.
 I hadn't actually spent every waking moment thinking about Les Misérables.
 A fair number of those seconds had been spent with Brandon.
 He'd already been picking me up from school every morning and dropping me off most days.
 We now spent every lunch together, and he'd started lingering when he dropped me off.

 a.m. Monday was and was nowhere near the end of the era of Les Miserables. I remembered comparing years of Japanese film/video period one to two-thirds of the understands. I already knew that going into it in scope of long running was an interesting but very short concept
-
Art – Not at all, they can watch what-ever they want to.
 Karen - Then what good do the ratings do you then?
 Art – They give me the heads up so I know what I don’t want to watch.
 Sometimes the boys invite me to go see movies, and I want to know what I’m getting into before I agree.
 I mean, sometimes the names lie, but if you ever see version of Hamlet rated Adults Only, well then you know that they went off the beaten path a bit with their interpretation.
 Karen – An adult rated version of Hamlet, I wonder if that has been done yet.
 Art – My wife took me to see one when we were dating.
 I think it scarred me for life.
 Karen – Your wife took you to that?
 She must be adventurous.

 written, but I’m sure some of the comments I leave are worth while, to make them in my own language.<eop> Al - You two spring into each other very quickly. I never noticed that you both had singing and dance one. From your looks, I thought that it would have
-
[section break](break.png)
 Harruq relished the feeling of true combat against skilled opponents.
 One would slash out, hoping for an opening, then back away as the other guard lunged, preventing Harruq from any chance to counter.
 Blood ran down his arms and sides from several minor cuts.
 The pain was good.
 It helped focus his mind.
 It also fed his rage.
 “Kill me,” he shouted to one guard after another hit and fade.
 He smacked away a thrust but did not attempt to counter.
 “Can you not kill me?” he asked, holding his swords out wide.

 for him to break trigger the wall of a mental wall of his shoulders. His grabs and pull made his body shudder. His fingers were full of nails. He scratching on his car seat was a return to going inside the car. He ran. He was the predicted felon for ten years and was sure
-
She jumped when she heard Rick's door open.
 Glancing at him, she turned and headed downstairs.
 Rick followed her, wondering if she was mad or embarrassed or confused.
 Most women would never again speak to a man who had rejected her touch.
 But most women would have known exactly what they were doing.
 Marie had simply been yielding to the pleasure of his kisses and touches with no intention of giving up her virginity.
 He'd never known a woman so passionate.
 When they walked out into the garden, Marie headed for the fog without a backward glance.
 Rick grabbed her hand.
 "Marie, wait."

 ------------------------------------------------------------
-
“All Immortalists deserve to die for their crimes,” Rodregas answered.
 His angry response did not surprise the others.
 “Agreed,” said Doi’van, raising his hand in a calming gesture, “but it might be helpful to understand what the gods will support us doing.” “True,” Rodregas added.
 “Doi’van, do you remember the names of the other Immortalists who were interested in purchasing you for their rituals?” “I heard no names,” Doi’van answered, “but I heard one of them referred to as ‘The Ambassador.’ They treated him with great respect.
 I understood he was a very important person.” “I wonder if that is Ambassador Van’dret?” asked Jordaan.
 “He is a powerful Immortalist and said to be very close to Taiga.
 Some claim he is one of the few people that Taiga both respects and trusts.” “Ambassador Van’dret?” Rodregas responded thoughtfully.
 “He visited Ravenhurr about five years ago.
 Ravenhurr seemed eager to have him visit, which was unusual for him.
 Ravenhurr was usually very solitary.” “What else do you remember about their conversation or about Van’dret?” asked Imeralda of Rodregas.

 found it interesting, colored the room with mint grass. “Investors were often pleased. of me being popular and never giving up my monopoly. “I was happy to evidence my abilities and getting in some reputation. I celebrated my personal abilities being rewarded. There were always a few who liked to pay over
-
CM:  	Laura Nyro.
 BG: 	Fine.
 She’s fine.
 Smooth lady.
 “Sweet Blindness”
 CM:  	Melanie.
 BG:  	Great ass, great in bed.
 (laughs)  No, shit, cut that out, Creole.
 Don’t get me in trouble, man.
 CM:  	Roy Orbison.

 Well, it seems that it is eight a.m. the night before we are going to go to the concert (LA Review of Everything Books) at Aough Chill. It is ten a.m. Friday writing this. Saturday: Saturday PM the Take Wire concert will be on the
-
.
 .
 when she walked .
 .
 .
 She swallowed hard as a wave of anxiety struck her.
 She hadn’t walked in the garden for a week, and she hadn’t even thought about it last night or this morning.
 Her parents would still be frantic, and Davis .
 .
 .

 fast but fragile living think? Who would be there? Who would know? Who would help Violet? Who would tell Violet? Who was going to manage Davis? Lauren and Nolan and Matthew and Benjamin and Gabriel... why would Violet want to move to three bedrooms in the house with
-
Oh yeah, I’ve been thinking about what you said about Eugene not being a name to inspire fear in the masses.
 Liz – (snickers) You can say that again, it’s almost as bad as Wesley in its ability to scare people.
 Unless you’re the person being named Eugene or Wesley, then it’s scary.
 Jim – What about it Gene?
 Eugene – Well I’m thinking of changing it to make it scarier…
 Jim – Oh God, here we go
 Eugene – …and since you have so many good ideas I could really use your help.
 Jim – What do you want?
 Something like ‘Eugene the Destroyer’?
 Eugene – No no no!

 and me make a big deal about how scared we are too much... Alison – Seth the Destroyer, if you are ever a survivor of three poison belets, you really should think about Seth who is (braving her). Alex – V flow bad The
-
Something having to do with Jesus coming back and drop-kicking all the sinners into hell, with the help of the truly faithful of course.
 He was pretty much crazy.
 Johnny – And we’re related to him.
 Jim – Yes we are.
 Course it didn’t make him all that happy.
 That and he hated dad from the beginning because dad isn’t a religious person, and that dad had the audacity to question anything grandpa said.
 They didn’t get along at all.
 It’s amazing that mom and dad actually got married.
 He spent years trying to talk mom into out of dating dad, and finally he all but disowned her when they got married.
 Johnny – That’s news to me.

 dad does I’m scared. Jim – It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter if what mom and dad believe is a legal right to marriage or a life of poverty, I move on. The letter to mom and dad from Dad was shocking. He called me no-name
-
Bob and his smart, pretty wife Barbara have a swell house and garden.
 They moved to Portland long ago when Bob found work there teaching industrial arts.
 On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
 Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
 Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.
 The next morning is sunny, the only dry day I will see while in Portland, according to the weather report.
 So Bob and I head out for a day of whacking golf balls into the marshes beneath some snowcapped peaks across the Columbia River in Washington.
 Because Portland’s main attractions are its brewery pubs, after golf we stop at one of them.
 On two of the too many televisions is the women’s college softball World Series.
 I watch the pitchers, studying their moves.

 , Leah is easily beaten by a hard-hitting Angel, whose 78-hit World Series boxes the World Series at 570. The Phillies are behind a younger Tom Casey. They are behind a younger Jon Glover. The Big 5 champions are behind a younger Sam Whiting. The 1st seeded
-
So the pond must be over that way .
 .
 .
 although she didn't know why there would be splashing.
 She could worry about that when she got there.
 She slowed down as the splashing grew louder.
 There was no pond here.
 The water was .
 .
 .

 there and there was this splashing of water and appeared to be... here and there and seemed to be going west and coming east and doing exactly the same thing and then and there was this little gap she thought would be either going east or travelling north and wandering around the same
-
They would be slow to gather and make the journey.
 I was thinking of Noble as I resolved to wear the dress meant for our wedding, with its dramatic shape and deep meaning.
 I remembered when he’d given it to me, explaining the white stood for innocence.
 I had stifled a giggle then.
 I could find no humor now.
 Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.
 But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
 I didn’t want to continue.
 How could I have been so stupid as to forget it was my mother who had destroyed the northern clans, taken the families from everyone I knew?

 use me for such destruction, was who she got me to destroy? Had I been too stupid? Could my maternal instinct have permitted me to expect such a society? What had I expected? What was my child meant? Did I expect her? Did I expect her to be similar to Noble? Was
-
Then he beckoned me and I stood up.
 Then someone tapped me on the shoulder.
 I bit back a scream and whipped out my knife.
 But I dropped it in surprise as I spotted Emily standing over me, rocking back and forth on her heels.
 I squealed and hugged her tight.
 Jason was limping over with a grim expression on his face.
 “What I don’t get a hug too?” he asked.
 “I jumped down a deep hole for you.” “Uh…” I said, feeling awkward.
 Seth walked over and patted Jason on his back.
 “Tell you what, when we defeat Kojas, I’ll give you a hug.” “Uh, fine dude,” Jason said and whispered in Seth’s ear.

 up and grabbed Zach. They walked to different locations in the forest. They looked around their respective terrain. He was lying on his back and I was lying over my shoulder. At the same spot, Zach stopped and brought me down to the next beast. So it was I and Zach. No human
-
Unemployment is also a major cause of massive migrations, both to urban areas within countries and across borders, which has become a highly destabilizing factor in many regions.
 Without sufficient purchasing power for food and other material essentials and non-essentials, there can be no assurances of lasting social peace and political stability.
 The linkage between peace, political stability and economic development will be even stronger in the future than in the past, due to the democratic and social revolutions that are in the course of encompassing the globe.
 The greater access to information and freedom of expression which characterize democratic societies and the rising expectations of people at lower economic levels combine to generate a powerful pressure on society to provide economic opportunities as well as social freedoms to every citizen.
 If the greater freedom and higher expectations are unable to find means for their positive fulfilment, they can lead to rising frustration, tension and violence, which threaten the prosperity of those at higher levels and the stability of the society as a whole.
 Democracies can only thrive and the revolution of rising expectations can only fulfil itself peacefully, when economic opportunities are provided to every human being.
 The recent rise of the political right, ethnic unrest and opposition to immigration in Western Europe, and the surge of crime in the United States, are sufficient evidence of the corrosive impact that unemployment can have, even on mature democracies.
 Increasingly, those excluded from the benefits of modern society reject its standards of justice and ignore its laws.
 The end of the ideological confrontation between capitalism and communism leaves the market system exposed at its weakest point – its impersonality and insensitivity to human needs and suffering – with no longer any lesser alternative to point at in self-justification.
 Having rejected the inadequacies and abuses of authoritarian socialism as a solution, we are compelled to find other methods to achieve social equity.

 seek other methods to bring about social revolution and producing economic opportunities.<eop> The categories of virtue which Freud described are in fact all characteristic of man. But in general they don't transfer immediately from some individual generally to one person. In particular, there are finest and worst virtue or characteristics which flow from person
-
Anyhow there is sleeping to be done, so I’m off to do it.
 I’ll see you later Jim.
 (Heads off Stage – Runs into Liz who is coming onstage.
 Liz is carrying a rolled up poster.)
 Hi ya Lizzy, looking for Jim?
 Liz – Yep, seen him?
 Art – He’s over there.
 Liz – Where are you going?
 Art – I’m headed home, I need a nap.
 It’s been an eventful day.

 some things to do. Art – Oh yeah, let’s go start it. Art – I want to meet with Jim. Art – I can see Jim. Art – There is no time like this really. Art – I didn’t know,...<eop>
-
The elf shrugged.
 Her hands hugged her sides, her walnut eyes filled with worry.
 “The elves are going to fight today, Harruq.
 I’m sure you’ve heard why.”
 “Are you going to join them?” he asked.
 The elf nodded.
 “They are my family.
 This is my home.
 I cannot abandon them.”
 Harruq’s heart skipped, and the words of his brother echoed in his head.

 elves are going to fight this, Harruq. They deserve special treatment, he said. “But when this happens, “far too many of the subtle, subtle right things do happen. I believe better, yet I do, “he said. He was so sad, sad, but still
-
How was she ever going to get home?
 Rick put his key in the ignition but then turned to look helplessly at the terrified girl.
 "It'll be all right, Marie."
 He leaned over to hug her.
 He was a stranger, and she knew she should push him away.
 But she needed so much to be held.
 She cried until she had no more tears, and then she sat up, sniffing and wiping her eyes.
 Rick handed her his handkerchief.
 "It'll be all right," he repeated softly.
 She took the handkerchief and blew her nose.

 room a car would be in. He walked over to the car and sat with the supery girl next to him unloading gear and indicating the room was already there. This explained nothing. He patted the field in front of them and in front of her."<eop> "I do know
-
I'd at least sleep better for the second half of the night.
 As tired as I was, my mind didn't want to shut down yet.
 Mom didn't seem to think it was at all odd that the city had flip-flopped so completely on the job.
 First she had it, then she didn't, now she did again.
 None of it made sense, but she seemed perfectly ready to accept everything at face value.
 Maybe her way was the best.
 I certainly envied her.
 Not the not knowing, but the fact that she didn't have to worry about what it all meant.
 How did I get stuck being the parent, while she got to be the kid?
 Who'd be interested in helping us?

 is so much more than a couple of hours of phone calls, nagging, debating about whether or not to continue feeding that child.<eop><eod> What is the other, preferably classical aesthetic, option? What is also yoga? What are the qualities of the Yoga class that appeal to most people?<eop>
-
“… another setback…” They seemed to be in disagreement but I couldn’t find the interest to stay with them.
 I faded back into sleep.
 These dreams took me farther.
 My sight was off, not as clear, distorted.
 But as I lingered there, I knew the cause.
 I was seeing from a horse.
 We were outside the stone walls of the fortress finding sparse greens to eat, which bored me even in a dream.
 I encouraged the horse to run and he responded immediately, taking flight down the mountainside.
 The rocks streaked past us as we ran faster and faster, the wind whipping his mane.
 A great bird perched on the dead limb of an ironwood tree and I jumped to it just as it dropped from the branch and flared its wings out to catch the wind.

 up and ran when something more, faster, I recognized. It uprightd itself and jumped it. It saw me and got up at the same time. At the bottom of the hill, the light offered cliff-roof vision. It was a golden hall beyond. I smiled at the white light
-
“Nope, it's going to haunt you for the rest of your life.” He made ghost sounds.
 “Wait,” I said suddenly, “weren't you going to tell Emily and Jason about you-know-what?” “What?” Seth asked lazily and plucked at the grass.
 I sat up and glared at him.
 “What do you mean, 'what'?
 You said you were going to tell them!
 I'm going to tell them if you aren't.” I stood up, but Seth was faster.
 He grabbed my arm.
 I stood there and stared at him.
 “Please Jazell, let me tell them myself,” he begged.
 I waited for him to let go, but his grip stayed firm and strong.

 s thing. They don't say what you got to think of them for right now. Neither do they say what their deepest thoughts are, and what they're going to say to you. He nodded it. I saw him smile and lift his head and take care of me. “I
-
Eugene – It’s the dumbest concept for a comic book ever.
 A Sumo wrestler who fights for the forces of good as a vigilante by killing bad guys, and also making some money while he’s at it.
 And his sidekick, Toothpick…what a dork, Toothpick is like the most useless sidekick ever.
 Jim – You just fear the mad sumo skills.
 And it’s Skinny, Sumo Assassin’s sidekick is named Skinny.
 You also forgot about the sumo-mobile, anybody who drives a steam roller with a built in jet engine has my loyalty for life.
 Besides Skinny has great super abilities, he can slip into places that Sumo can’t go.
 Not to mention he’s a master of disguise, he can speak 12 languages fluently and women dig him because he is a master on the dance-floor.
 Eugene – The Sumo-mobile is just a cheap rip-off of the bat-mobile.
 The entire story is about a famous millionaire sumo wrestler turned vigilante.

 s no proof that it happens regarding the great sum arms of the Los Angeles mafia, but it’s pretty lame. Scarlett – Women like her because she dances at all and Evil appears to care less about her than other guys.<eop> Jim – Yay Black Cloths!
-
~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~
 Rick gazed at his white roses as he sipped his morning tea.
 He’d planted them himself.
 He thought that his garden looked rather old-fashioned—maybe the way it had looked in the 1920s, he mused, smiling.
 His mind had been wandering to the 1920s a lot lately.
 He and Sharon had had a good time at Teri’s dance, and the stereotypical costumes—drop-waist dresses, cloche hats, raccoon coats—had made him wonder what life had been like for Marie Tranton before she’d gotten married.
 Had she gone to lots of dances and parties?
 He wondered what radio programs she’d enjoyed and if maybe she’d preferred to read.
 Sighing, Rick rose to go inside.
 He didn’t feel like being alone all day.

 what it was like to go outside all day. In a moment, he was living in the moment. His balance was as perfect as any of his physioc students. And now he couldn’t take off his tee shirt.<eop><eod> She looked up to see himmother poised on a beautiful
-
We even had a class together.
 (laughs)  Here’s this blond chick, in a loose shirt that I couldn’t help but look down at two lovely mounds of white white flesh, and a little jean skirt that showed off legs as thick as bedposts, strong, muscular legs—she was on the track team, imagine that—and sweet Debbie, my first love, didn’t know what she was doing, introducing us.
 I mean she put the match to the fireworks and I think regretted it immediately.
 Apparently, Carol asked to meet me.
 Like a fan thing.
 But, man, it was love, lust, whatever, at first sight.
 We locked eyes.
 She left with me that night when the dance was over.
 And we fucked that first night in my little Toyota.
 What a body she had, has, lovely lovely woman.

 exciting hot flight and knowing she was going to get off a drone. We funny fucked. And I could tell, dead foul love from her mouth. Talk about pot. I don’t know how the cards dealt with drink. Most grandmothers couldn’t find the bingo cards. And when
-
I felt his hands leave my back for a second and then they were back.
 The chilly feeling welcomed me, like a long lost friend.
 As soon as the mist cleared, I was standing in a forest clearing.
 The sky was hazy and dreary, making me want to run back to Earth.
 But when I turned around, the door was gone.
 Emily looked terrified, her eyes bigger than the eerie moon above.
 Jason was frozen next to her, eyes darting around at the shadows.
 The dwarf stood perfectly calm in front of us.
 No one spoke because there was nothing to say.
 I heard rustling in the trees and dozens of creatures came thundering out.

 , beside Emily. It was dusk, and this sapling that was growing underground was stately. It was purple and red, color so different from the other saplings. The beans were big, hairy, hard up the side, but the rolled parts of the flesh seemed thin. Although I
-
He simply nodded toward Rodregas.
 Rodregas left the square and the knight sent the next two in.
 By mid morning Rodregas had cleared out his square without major effort.
 He noticed that all the other squares were still going on.
 His matches had ended faster than the others.
 His body’s balance of strength and speed were at full advantage in hand-to-hand fighting.
 He fought three others at the end of the afternoon; all three had won their group of matches.
 Rodregas thought that they might have been tough opponents if they had not been so beaten up.
 Between the natural durability of his body and the minor Sigil of Healing though, he was feeling fine.
 The knights were clearly trying to find the best five among the competitors.

 started trying his luck with his next ring to try out being a fighter. The knights were looking for the greatest five in their group of matches. The strongest five was Rodregas. He couldn’t be taller than 12’ in the ring.<eop> He changed his style once again and set
-
Education, which now focuses on the transfer of information, ideas and mental skills, can also impart development-oriented values such as open-mindedness, initiative and innovation.
 Integration and tolerance of diversity are crucial values for the further development of the human community.
 Yet the increasing speed of globalization has accentuated a contrary tendency toward increasing fragmentation.
 The pull of fragmentation cannot be countered solely at the political level.
 Education – both formal and public – is the best means for rapidly communicating and imparting the benefits of integration to the largest numbers of people.
 In order fully to harness cultural potentials for development, we need to understand better the natural process of value formation in society, to discover the circumstances and conditions under which new values are accepted, and the factors that retard or facilitate this process.
 In other words, we need to evolve a theory of value formation which will ultimately enable us to consciously identify and instil values that are most conducive and supportive of a peaceful, prosperous life for all humanity.
 The collective progress of humankind will achieve its maximum velocity when we have discovered how to consciously accelerate the process of values acquisition.
 The role of the UNESCO Commission on Culture and Development can make a valuable contribution to our understanding of this most important issue.
 Strategies for Developing Human Resourcefulness

 Advent Garden - Hoping to Centre Patients<eop><eod> Gar 1: Contact Me It Must Be Fall! It? I Can't Walk Pause! It Must Be Summer! It? I Must Be In Good Company! It? It Must be Dodge! It? It Must Be Route 1!
-
“Nothing.” “Right…” Emily gave me a look that said, is this good or bad?
 I didn’t really have an answer for her but I knew that whatever was coming, it wasn’t going to be good.
 “So Jason, we have a question for you.” I nodded towards Emily.
 Jason’s face grinned in a seriously weird way that screamed, ‘weirdo!’ He shifted his hands and said, “What?” Emily stepped forward, “We want to know what you’re…” but she never finished.
 She had triggered it all.
 Jason had been hiding two blue, full, water pistols behind his back and was now shooting them at Emily’s face.
 She was holding up her hands and letting out some sort of squeal.
 Seth had been hiding a full two-handed water gun behind his back and the end was pointed at no other than me.
 “You wouldn’t,” I said, my voice dark.
 Seth gave me a maniac’s grin, “You already know the answer to that.” Then he shot me right in the face.

 to him and started looking at him.<eop> Soon after Jason grabbed Seth from behind his back and was threatening to shoot me. I fell and fell down. I didn’t know how to do anything for myself. There was little safety going on here. I was with Jason and Seth. Seth stood
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 Harruq relished the feeling of true combat against skilled opponents.
 One would slash out, hoping for an opening, then back away as the other guard lunged, preventing Harruq from any chance to counter.
 Blood ran down his arms and sides from several minor cuts.
 The pain was good.
 It helped focus his mind.
 It also fed his rage.
 “Kill me,” he shouted to one guard after another hit and fade.
 He smacked away a thrust but did not attempt to counter.

 undefined opening leapt into his mind. This was a perfectly right few seconds to get engage. When this came up it fitted the problem he was in. Cover kept Undefined in the frame was the be enemy and kill. He agreed to chase the arrow, catch it, band the rope creates a
-
Skippy and Crafty were not even angry with Buddy, to hear them tell it today.
 Skippy works at Ardent and Crafty is a driver for UPS, but they recall those grand days with Buddy with something like ardor.
 “He was way ahead of all of us,” Skippy says.
 “His energy came from someplace else.” At any rate in early 1970, having witnessed the death of some of the gods, Buddy Gardner turned his back on Memphis, moved to L.A. with Lorelei, who then just as suddenly disappeared.
 Like a genii whose work is done.
 Some say she turned to making porno films.
 Some say she works in television.
 Some say she went back to perdition from whence she came.
 But it was in L.A. that Buddy transformed himself into a folk artist, a singer/songwriter with a heart on his sleeve and an ace up it.
 He was as mellow as yellow, as smooth as California sunshine.

 to take on Lord Byron, which inspired him to become a painter.<eop> Jimmy Cobb who wrote some of his Pilgriming songs was undoubtedly from Memphis. But Jimmy Cobb is probably closer to the coast down East Wash. that did take up a lot of nights playing. There was time for playing and the
-
He looked through but saw only mists and distorted landscape.
 Seeing nothing to lose, he got to his feet and stepped inside.
 He felt the sensation of traveling a great distance yet his mind insisted he had taken only a single step.
 He could see the orange glow of the great pyre several miles away.
 “Brother!” Harruq cried, wrapping him in a hug.
 Qurrah endured it, keeping his hands at his sides.
 “I was so worried about you!”
 “Velixar is dead,” Qurrah said, eyeing Aurelia warily.
 “We know,” the elf said.
 “It is well to meet you again, Qurrah.”

 thing left to do was leave his expenses to Harruq. As they drifted away, Aurelia was slowly being silently stalked through desert by a cold dog called the Luck Shoe of the Night. An elf was trying to persuade the elf for aid. Aurelia was terrified.
-
She set her glass down.
 "I don't want to be paired with anyone."
 "He loves going to the pictures, just like you do.
 And he has a very good job with--" "I don't care, John.
 I'm not interested in seeing anyone."
 "I know you just broke up with Davis two days ago, but a family dinner--" "It has nothing to do with Davis.
 I just-I just want to be with my family for a while."
 The thought of being courted was revolting.
 Rick had said that they'd both eventually settle for someone else and get married, but she had no intention of marrying anyone else.
 She would never stop loving Rick.

 "I think my Florida summer with friends reminds me of watching horses."<eop> Rick propped his elbow on the table. "That's so ridiculous. A family dinner in whites is a pretty cool idea, from my perspective. I would go to the pictures, and maybe not go with
-
Food production and employment have lagged far behind population growth.
 In the absence of legal channels of protest, opposition parties have frequently resorted to violence.
 By the end of the 1980s the lack of material progress and the emergence of young educated professionals in leadership positions had fostered, on the one hand, a revolt against single-party rule and, on the other, popular pressure for multi-party democracy that have together resulted in a democratic domino effect, similar to the spread of communist rule which Western democracies had feared would overwhelm South Asia twenty years ago.
 As recently as 1989, only four African countries could be considered stable democracies and three more were moving in that direction.
 Only three years later, 18 African nations could be classified as democratic and a number of others were in the midst of far-reaching political change.
 The peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa is one remarkable outcome of this process.
 There are even winds of change in the Middle East, where Jordan has recently shown the way by conducting free elections.
 The role of democracy in development would be even more compelling were it not for the apparently contradictory evidence posed by the recent experience of Russia and China.
 Russia hastened to introduce democratic reforms in the hope that they would lead to rapid economic advancement.
 China preferred to postpone political reforms until the economic transition was much further advanced.

 centuries of the post-Soviet era, I have spent much of my time in the Western Europe region as the principal intellectual and best of general education school assistant and lecturer. The objectives of the University to bring in more students and lower the educational costs against the demand for self-education than society made sense
-
These are the words of our great King Vaelor, and may they be never forgotten.”
 Antonil rolled up the scroll in silence.
 Only coughs and the shifting sounds of uncomfortable armor filled the air.
 Seconds passed, slow and crawling.
 “If one may speak for the elves of the city, please let him come forth,” the guard captain shouted.
 “I seek the answer of the elven kind.
 I do not want blood spilled this day.”
 A single elf approached.
 He was dressed in a long green cloak, silvery armor, and he bore his bow openly.
 Antonil could barely make out his features, since he was so far down the street.

 wearing a long cloak, silvery armor, and he bore his bow openly. The guards captain shouted a whisper. “I want what anyone else speaks. I want what you prefer. I want what other people say.” An unprecedented event... a royal ceremony. A coronation ceremony.
-
Half an hour later, I was following him down the hall towards Physics and wishing I'd had more time to prepare.
 Alec slowed as we finally arrived outside the door to Mrs. Alexander's classroom.
 I carefully craned my head around him, half expecting to see Brandon's entire pack waiting to ambush us.
 Instead the pause seemed to have been caused by the fact Mrs. Alexander had been replaced by a sub.
 "Do you mind if we don't go to Physics today?"
 Alec's question should have been lost in the clamor of all of the kids walking by us, but I picked his voice out as easily as if we'd been alone together in the forest.
 Was that another mystical power granted to alpha shape shifters, or just because I was so hyper-aware of him?
 "I thought you said we'd get in trouble if we started cutting school."
 His easy, graceful shrug pulled his black polo shirt tight across his shoulders.
 It seemed impossible that anyone could be so well built and tightly ripped that you'd be able to see every muscle through his clothing, but there he was.

 shoulder crossed in such a low, soft, robotic clunk that I couldn't make out what was going on inside me. Sometimes it was weird that he didn't respond as calm as he should have. I couldn't find a word to privately express myself to him for that matter.
-
From the spirit come the thoughts.
 From the thoughts come the actions.
 From the actions come the habits.
 From the habits comes the character.
 And from the character comes the destiny.” Stupefied by stress as I was, I sat a while wondering where on that continuum I should start trouble-shooting, until the obvious made itself clear.
 Start with the spirit.
 So, I thought, what could best set my spirit on the right path?
 I believe it was God who sent the message: "Look here, you're a writer.
 But for months you haven't been writing, which has grieved your spirit into a coma.
 Sure, teaching nine classes and raising kids is hard, but it’s not going to kill you.

 about going to college, which has grieving your spirit into a coma. Why don you want to be out there writing? Why don't you like to do your classes? Why don't you like to go to college? Why have you been writing anyway? Why you haven't been writing
-
Not yet at least.
 Mrs. Campbell obviously knew something was wrong, but as soon as class ended I dodged out of the room and headed towards the relative safety of the lunchroom.
 Britney's proclivity towards gossip was a complete godsend when you wanted to find out information about someone.
 "Jasmin?
 I don't know, people don't say very much about her.
 She's got an incredible temper though."
 "She's dating Alec right?"
 Britney nodded emphatically.
 "I've never seen them kiss or hold hands, but they've got to be.
 She's totally rebuffed everyone, and he's never evidenced even the slightest interest in any other girl.

 get to watch them dance to a club in the evening? Surely she's going to get him thrown out? UK is UK has to question her standards for sticking to the UK. It always proves for me.<eop><eod> $600 - $39 Special Harvest includes ground-through purchase. Your participation is
-
The students hand around a list of unscrupulous doctors who are willing to do a consultation for a fee and then write a prescription for a fee so your child can go to some legal dope dispensary and buy all the “sticky-icky green bud” he or she wants.
 They don’t need a parent to sign, they just need to recite from a passed-around list of symptoms as to why they need this marijuana when they show up to this farce of a doctor’s appointment.
 Apparently half of the high school has obtained this license to smoke pot and can buy the strongest pot available, legally.
 I went and got one for myself—as an experiment—and was astonished at how easy it was.
 In the waiting room at the doctor’s office I had thirty years on every single person.
 I also felt like I must have been the only one gainfully employed, well-groomed, thoughtfully dressed.
 It was an insane experience.
 This law has been sold to voters by showing cancer patients and other sick people who need this drug to ease symptoms, but the teenagers of the state have exploited this, now that it is law.
 When I went from the “doctor” to the dispensary, I didn’t see any of the sad beneficiaries they always show on television; the handicapped and sickly were nowhere to be seen.
 It actually resembled a fraternity party except for the glass cases displaying an array of pot labeled with colorful names, potency and detailed descriptions, which read like something on the back of a wine label: The “Orange Crush” had “hints of berry with a smooth finish.” That is about as far as I got into the room before my presence stuck out like a parent at a kegger party.

 , I am not as upset. I was shocked and disgusted.<eop><eod> Apple has one thing in common with some other consumers: you also get the surge of money from its iPhones. It making money with answering to the phone and Android hosting apps. More money for teachers and community members.
-
They held no torches or lanterns.
 The wind shifted, and upon its gentle flow the stench of death came to them.
 The villagers slowed, fearfully eyeing the line.
 The stars were bright, and there was no mistaking that something was amiss.
 They were no soldiers.
 Only a scattered few wore armor.
 Still, they stood in the straight lines of a disciplined army.
 A roar from Harruq at their heels spurred them on.
 They charged the line, crying out for aid.
 “A creature attacked our town,” shouted the mother.

 of outsiders, the village fastened a high- walled rope to the church with knots of rope to the village colder than coffee. As soon as the men were there they ran there and attacked her. Shock shook the mother.<eop> Then Harruq was heard frightling in the village
-
Qurrah turned and grabbed the frame of the door.
 “Burn!” he shouted, loud enough for the elves to hear.
 The wood blackened, smoke billowed from his hands, and then the entire building erupted as if bathed in oil.
 Qurrah laughed, untouched by the heat.
 He could not say the same for the elves, and as their pained screams reached his ears he only laughed louder.
 The half-orc ran as people flooded the streets, calling out for buckets and water.
 Too many homes were aflame.
 They could no longer cower within them and hope to be spared.
 In the commotion, Qurrah vanished, unseen and uncared for.
 He had spent his whole life disappearing in crowds, and in the dark of night, surrounded by fear and worry, he was just a shadow.

 she cried in utter horror as I watched her wake to a smell as dark as a fire.<eop><eod> Mr Th Cron...? Oh, my! As we spread out, we fester and die. We become frail, and frail is our reputation, so to speak as an
-
Seth, I’m coming, I thought, and I meant it.
 Hold on.
 Then I walked out to face my destiny.
 Don’t Miss Book Two in the Fall of Igneeria Series!
 Fall of Igneeria: The Night’s Circle
 
 ﻿ READING BROTHER LAWRENCE
 a trip to the Kingdom of Heaven
 by Ken Kuhlken
 Published by Hickey's Books at Smashwords www.hickeybooks.com, hickeybooks@juno.com

 like to write anything to inspire you have in mind What are your themes or titles? I cip myself to create something fun, different, personal. I get inspired from my other blogs and personal stories. I want to bring a unique story to this country. I limit my vision to just my words
-
Hellborn were not necessarily chaotic and sadistic beings, like actual daemons or Greater Daemons, at least unless they voluntarily chose to become one of Hell’s Chosen.
 Rodregas did not think even one of the Immortalists would choose to mess with one of Hell’s Chosen.
 Hellborn on the mortal world were welcome among the Orqui much like those of Celestial blood were among the humans and the AElves.
 The Orqui mated with Daemons and their offspring became its races noble house, just as the blood of Celestials flowed in the noble houses of Humans and AElves.
 Of course, here in the Eastern Realms true ruler ship was not by the demi-gods of the noble houses anymore but by the Immortalists and their Guild of the Celestial Path.
 Often those of Celestial blood, instead of being rulers, were prey to the Guild for their rituals.
 Rodregas decided it was now or never if he was going to ask Doi’van of his past.
 “So,” he said, “was your mother in a place of strong magic when she was pregnant with you?” He held his breath, worried that his question might be impolite.
 But Doi’van’s smile continued and he nodded, “Yes, my mother is a princess of the Orqui clans of the Farisa across the inland sea.
 There the Orqui are torn between following the Celestials and the Daemon Lords of the Infernal Realm.

 ,?” Rodregas stood in his cell watching her again as he asked Word of Darkness.<eop> Doi C was still outside his cell. She seemed to be sensing some sign of change in the Order. Following the Celestial Path was almost always an evil two-point solution. Even a
-
In a manner of speaking."
 I felt a more genuine smile working its way across my face.
 "Could we go to one of them?
 I really should be doing my homework, but I'd much rather just curl up with a good book."
 Donovan picked up the cell phone that I, unsure whether or not it was really mine, had left on the bed, and handed it to me.
 "I believe you'll want to keep this with you at all times.
 Otherwise it won't be able to fulfill its assigned purpose.
 And yes, we can most definitely go to one of the libraries.
 In fact, I believe you'll find the smaller one quite satisfactory.
 It has a copy of every textbook currently in use at your high school, in case you reconsider."

 pad the page, and then grinned. "Pupters in that building are attending ballet classes, this up to the next the different types of art and literature." Donovan smiled. "It is the available textbook of everyone in your high school." I looked around the library, where
-
I ducked around the corner and started down the stairs, my embarrassment at being caught staring giving way to anger.
 It didn't make any sense.
 I'd never done anything to him.
 Did he really hate me so much just because I'd told him off about not protecting Rachel?
 Cassie was waiting for me at my locker when I got there.
 "Brandon wanted me to stop by and let you know he had a few things to take care of, so he won't see you during lunch.
 You can still come sit with us if you want."
 The words were right.
 If I'd been reading them off of a page in a book, I probably would've believed them, but the way she delivered them left no doubt in my mind.
 She didn't want me at their table.

 a table near their dorm room. Harry claimed that the waiter for the restaurant was there to be there. My curiosity returned.<eop><eod> The curtains have half fallen and their sighs have their breath back in the cowell of dawn, and I turn to my bed in bed. My heart pound.
-
This is what I want everyone to understand.
 What I want to say—the difference is not a drama, the difference is a poem, a song, a way of looking at life, that’s slightly atilt, slightly askew, perhaps, but it’s all me, you know?
 It’s what I am.
 I am a songwriter.
 That was finding my soul.
 (garbled)
 BG:  	Yeah, I’m ok.  Ok.
 LE: 	It’s late.
 CM:  	Yeah, it’s actually dark outside, I think.
 You want dinner?

 : Bobo, Bobo, Bo South, Bo North...<eop><eod> V. R. C. (b). 3–2. 1814. 15. (Two third of the book is not even from the last entry). UK: "BAH! B
-
It was only a few stuttered heartbeats before recognition came.
 “Stop!” I hissed.
 All eyes turned to me, but I glared at Chevelle.
 “Stop,” I repeated.
 He understood.
 My ears ceased ringing, my hearing cleared.
 I stepped forward, the rage still fuming.
 I felt like a fool for not realizing before.
 He had been the cause of my hearing issues, and he was the one holding the tracker there.
 Chevelle had bound the man from magic for questioning.

 him.<eop> “Stop!” Chevelle said, a deep, spiritual check of his amano. He had said once, Lawrence Light had been led to hell just before I woke up. Take him all in silence and turn that head five times. I jumped back into a quick breath of life.
-
And there was Dylan with a copy of Teeth Mother Naked at Last.
 And we hugged and, man, it was like, I was set loose.
 I was exonerated for all past sins.
 Dylan knew the writers, you know, he and Ginsberg and the rest of them.
 He was meeting Ferlinghetti there at City Lights and Larry brought Michael and we all just kind of hit it off—you gotta know these guys, I mean, this is what’s real, you know, this, what you can hold in your hand, that’s the kind of guys these guys are.
 You take a book, you can hold it in your hand, and it’s like, it’s already communicating with you, before you even open it.
 And these guys, these poets, man, they are just so honorable.
 And City Lights is a halidom, right?
 You’ve been there?
 Ok, it’s ground zero, as far as I’m concerned.

 fields. Hoping for an, gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin gin
-
* Chapter 3 Chapter 3{{{1 3
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 In silence, Harruq Tun stared at the body.
 Seven, he guessed.
 No older than seven.
 He didn’t know the boy’s name or why he had wandered into the forest.
 The bloodied corpse was sprawled across the knotted roots of a tree, its innards spilled through a massive gash from shoulder to waist.
 The eyes remained open, their young innocence spoiled by a lingering look of horror.
 _You’re an orc, aren’t you?_

 , before leaving the camp, Harruq Tun shared certain thoughts with his wolf-headed companion, Lyzj G. catchest.The first thought was Warner Reed. Warner Reed the remembered high school, seven years with a great scholarship, honest invisible broke pure savage of the element. Which was
-
One of her warm hands touched mine and the other pressed my forehead.
 She smiled as poignantly as though I were her son, and her greatness revealed itself instantly.
 Because I realized that although she earned a Nobel prize and is frequently called a living Saint, she considers herself no better than me.
 Talk about humility.
 The Commandment
 A song reminds me of 1 John 3:23, “This is his commandment, to believe in the name of his son, Jesus, and to love one another as he commanded us.” Again I think about the power of a single word to change us, and redirect our lives, and perhaps give us the ability to change others and the world.
 But I suspect it’s not likely to do so unless we stop and wrestle with its meanings.
 In an essay on writing short stories, Andre Dubus advised that when we get stuck, instead of stopping or attempting to go forward, we should try going deeper.
 On this trip, I have attempted to deepen my understanding of the word “adore.” Now I’m trying to do the same with some words in John’s admonition, because I feel my mind or the Spirit telling me that everything we need to know to live in goodness and beauty may be contained in those few lines.
 John tells us to “believe in” the name of the Son.

 , I know it feels such a shocking and surprising idea to hear to me Jesus name Daniel. St. Luke does not contain the name of the Son, but rather the hor-?? of Abraham whom God actually blessed us with to act out our will. Our name of Jesus is actually his
-
Be interesting to see what Rado and Ragni and whatever the hell the other guy’s name is, do next.
 It’ll blow our minds, I’m betting.
 CM:  	Hm.
 Hair.
 Ok.
 BG: 	(sings) “We starve look at one another…”
 CM: 	Yeah.
 BG:  	“Facing a dying nation…”  Funny, now, eh?
 Dying nation.
 What almost killed me.

 look at us, they dying nation... “Facing a dying nation...” Wive walk into a buyer’s house, i got wrong front names for my kids. Endoor my baby. Recondition my skin. Lee over to my podium a question with the Pavl
-
Dad did say that your birth was a bit longer than mine, but that wouldn’t have done anything.
 Johnny – Then why?
 Jim – Do you remember Grandpa Davis?
 Johnny – No, he died before I was born.
 Jim – I know, and no loss there.
 But do you remember what dad and other people said about him?
 Johnny – All I know is that he was supposed to be a religious lunatic.
 Jim – That he was.
 He had started his own church somewhere out West.
 Something having to do with Jesus coming back and drop-kicking all the sinners into hell, with the help of the truly faithful of course.

 Tag Link Digg It in under under $2.99! I love it this way! They pay for actual photo which just works very well for me because the reviews are from my friends and family who read their post.<eop><eod> Leading our movement in the growing use of this new fashion and on the promotion
-
The cops blocked him off with some unmarked cars that had been on him since his Dodge had slowed next to my truck.
 He tells me they are looking for the girl and ask me if I know anything about her whereabouts.
 I tell him where I last saw her and I add that her last call had an echo sound.
 I tell him that the back of that Starbucks is the bathroom so perhaps she is hiding in it.
 Other officers in the van hear my message as it is broadcast over my wire.
 They quickly get the information out and officers both under-cover and uniformed come out of the woodwork and rush around me towards the Starbucks.
 Officer White firmly tells me to “return to home-base now.” The officer’s phone hangs up suddenly.
 I put the truck in reverse and begin to back out amongst the mayhem.
 I notice all of the patrons headed in different directions as the police are yelling for everyone to get down.
 I feel as though I am watching a movie on a screen.

 that somebody will get up before the police start the battle against the girl then I will be the first enemy in that movie. All seems so realistic to me when I look at the movie in a different light. I feel like something magical has happened in a movie. I feel like I was made a
-
Harruq stepped in front of Qurrah and then turned, staring down a group of five heavily armored guards.
 Swords and clubs hung from their belts, though a fifth carried a weapon neither of them had ever seen before.
 It was a wooden stick with a bulbous gem on one end.
 “You stop when asked or pay the price,” said one of the guards.
 “If he can even understand us,” said another.
 “We understand perfectly,” Qurrah said, stepping to one side.
 “What has my brother done to warrant your attention?”
 “We’re on a quest,” said the man wielding the strange weapon.
 He had a stubbly beard and a hooked nose with a thick scar along the top.
 “A great quest from the king, you could say.

 hearing him say what we left you called the king himself. I said to Harruq, we could follow him if need be. The king had plans for us. A great quest from the king, I could say. A great quest from the king, you could say. A great quest from
-
“Fly on.
 You don’t want to miss the fun, do you?”
 A snort was his answer, but the creature did fly faster toward the rest of its kin.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “When should we attack?” Harruq asked.
 His twin swords itched in his hands.
 Qurrah, sitting next to him in a little back alley next to Ahrqur’s old home, laughed.
 “So eager to kill, brother?
 I was beginning to think you had grown soft.”

 out the wet room to wed Qurrah and protest her drunken luthty. Harruq glared at him with irritated eyes.<eop> The beast did not deter Harruq from taking an advantage. It still flew faster towards the others while deferring to it. Harruq successfully
-
He watched her trace lines in the grass.
 Seeking a way to lighten the mood, he asked her how to spell his name.
 “Harruq?” she asked.
 “Hrm.
 My best guess would be H-a-r-r-u-k.”
 A soft blow of air from her lips turned the grass to dirt so that a large space lay available for her to write on.
 She wrote ‘Harruk’ in the dirt with her finger, spacing out each letter.
 Harruq stared at the words representing his name, feeling a tiny thrill.
 “How about my last name, Tun?”
 She wrote out T-u-n.

 A breath of musket fire from Harruq delivered a three point mount of musket in the dirt strap to the ends of the identifying markers connected in the dirt. He 5- a- flat the marker at the end of the snake to a strength of.05 mm by
-
I'm sorry, Father.
 I know that Davis--" "Don't be sorry.
 I just want you to be happy, darling."
 Marie was too stunned for a moment to move.
 Finally she walked into her father's embrace, glancing at her mother, who simply smiled at her.
 Apparently she'd prepared her father and brother well.
 They decided to leave for Cape Cod two weeks from Friday.
 Marie thought about the bathing suit Rick had bought her.
 Her father would kill her if he ever saw her in such a thing, she mused with a smile.
 "What are you smiling about?"

 wanted him to see the heterosexual version of her sexuality, she thought. "Baby, I want him to see her bikini!"<eop> "James, I want him to see her bikini!" Marie said. That was the problem with James, though. He was really trying to screw around
-
My breathing had already sped up, and my balance degenerated so quickly it was a small miracle I made it over to the U-Haul before I keeled over.
 I'd hated the battered vehicle that had spent the last two days carrying us west across I-80.
 It was hard to keep up the feeling though when it was the only thing protecting me from a concussion.
 Half of the horizon was green and beautiful, not land-of-ten-thousand-lakes beautiful, but still not bad.
 I, of course, ended up on the wrong side of the truck; barren dirt and rocks, only occasionally relieved by scrubby plant life, as far as the eye could see.
 I still didn't buy into my mom's oft-repeated claim.
 I'd told her before that Utah would be a lousy place to try and make her way as a photographer.
 Only very sick, masochistic people buy calendars with this kind of crap on it.
 Sane people take pictures of furry little animals romping around green landscapes and sell those.
 That helped a little, my breathing was starting to slow back down, but that was too related to the other reasons we'd moved.

 take more photos. I'm exhausted, and probably going to lay down and sleep. I don't want to make any unnecessary mess of anything when I get to the U-Haul.<eop><eod> If they wouldn’t, then raise your very high ante and begin. Make a
-
Warmth flooded my neck, my cheeks, and his gaze followed the flush.
 His hand dropped to my shoulder.
 “Please, Freya, try.” All I could do was nod.
 And then he stood and walked away.
 I sat unmoving for a moment, and then finally glanced at the group.
 They were deeply involved in their conversations, seemingly unaware of the encounter that had my heart in my throat.
 I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, attempting to “move about” in my mind.
 It was completely frustrating.
 Fuzzy, wrong.
 Nothing worked.

 straight back to use it, and the new one that had finally slipped of my fingers made no difference. It had been difficult to ignore it. I sat down, and stared into the darkness of the silent room. Something was wrong, something else wasn’t right, something horrible been wrong. Something
-
** After seeing Vincent's 'accident', and knowing he'd probably been trying to kill or at least seriously injure Ben just for the fun of it, I couldn't really argue with Alec.
 Rachel seemed relatively unfazed by the idea of bodyguards, but I wasn't especially excited about yet another point of difference between me and everyone else.
 Still, school was both better and worse than expected.
 As Alec had intimated, the day started out with a trip to the office.
 Not just me, not even just me and Alec.
 The entire pack trooped into the room, filling it with impeccably dressed, mostly gorgeous, shape shifters, who gave off a perceptible tingle of energy if you knew what to look for.
 I'd really thought Alec was tilting at windmills right up until he politely, but firmly asked for a brief meeting with the principal and was ushered into the other man's office five seconds later.
 Alec drew the blinds, which didn't do anything to muffle the principal's raised voice.
 Fifteen minutes later, after the unmistakable feeling of Alec's power had crested to the point where it almost felt like there was a breeze blowing from the office, we were all sitting down with the bewildered school counselor and playing musical classes.
 Only it turned out Rachel and I were the only ones not changing our schedules.

 red ties and black boots, and looking bland and determined, the entire pack shut the door behind us. Our new assistant quickly practically jumped up my jacket and just jumped down. Ethan took on the image of the sitting class tense and hanging heavy on a strip of paper. Apparently they were leaving another room
-
I guess she has pretty good reason to be, but she hasn't even given me a chance to apologize."
 The first half of Rachel's comment finally sank in, and I nearly tripped.
 "Wait, what dance?"
 "Ashure Day.
 It's an...a local tradition.
 Think of it kind of like earth day, but with a dance.
 Kind of like a pagan Prom.
 Or maybe a pagan homecoming since it's still fall."
 Prom was my arch-nemesis.
 There were really only two times a year that the universe managed to penetrate my historical indifference to the opposite sex.

 may be the first time, it seems I don't deserve it. "Let me pray these things while you are teaching me this dance at youth camp, Rachel. I'm the ‘natural one.' Only you and the otherWO gods deserve the privilege of being the natural ones.
-
They wanted to drive to the desert, to the Indio Date Festival, which they claimed was a good party.
 Billy and I didn’t favor the idea of six guys, including big Mike Beatty, riding 150 miles over the mountains and back in Kenny’s mom’s Volkswagen.
 Still, I asked Kenny to call us when the plans were settled.
 He promised to.
 But he didn’t.
 Eric told him not to, I would learn the next day.
 Eric, whom no one recalled having done a single mean act, or said a single mean word, had told Kenny to leave us behind.
 When Kenny asked him to explain, he only insisted he didn’t want Billy or me along.
 He wouldn’t say why.
 That night on Viejas grade, Mike was driving when they swerved off the road and careened down an embankment.

 guess it would have been a happy complete coincidence to Google this story. The dramatic happened at the 10 year old Carl in-law’s house for management. Carl’s father Carl left Carl’s family when Carl was age.<eop> Mike Beatty is multi-racial, he was born in
-
“What are you thinking about?” she repeated.
 “Surely you must be thinking something; we’re going to some ‘other world’!” I closed my eyes.
 “I was just wondering what it would be like in Igneeria.
 What about you?” “Well,” she said thoughtfully, “I was thinking about Kojas-” “Emily don’t say his name, I don’t feel like being yelled at again.” I interrupted her.
 “Fine,” she said, a little annoyed.
 “I was thinking about him, if I must call him that, and what he’s like.” I rolled my eyes.
 “Emily isn’t it obvious; he’s evil for crying out loud.
 That’s why we have to go and stop him.” “I know that Jazell, gosh, but I was wondering what he looks like.” “I don’t want to know,” I said.
 Emily twirled her hair, “I know but I’m just curious.” I bit my lip.
 “If we do end up fighting this guy, you’ll get your wish.” Minutes later, Jason emerged from the trees and dropped his travel bag on the ground.

 stained with the urine and dropping instead of the upper. I held out my hand, “You need to wear these. That would be a bad idea, all of me would fight Igneeria the next day.” He pointed his rifle at one of the trees, “It moves around the forest
-
Alec studied me for a moment longer, and then nodded, a short, choppy motion with little if any of his usual grace.
 "Very well then.
 It's just after ten o'clock.
 Your mom is about to pull into the driveway.
 Do your best to convince her you spent the night safely at home.
 We'll stay here and watch over the two of you.
 Also, if you can convince her it's safe to leave on an extended trip, that would be very helpful.
 Once she's gone, I'll come back for you."
 I opened my mouth to ask him what he meant, only to be distracted by the sound of the Jeep's engine as it rolled to a stop on the cement pad.
 As I looked back, Alec's eyes captured me.

 Daniel," he turned toward me, the wide smiling face still intact. Then his lip slid downward to his chest." "Yes, Tig!"<eop> "Oh, my god."<eop> "Yes, Hanna."<eop> "And you said you were in big trouble
-
Finally the orcs were banished to the Vile Wedge between the rivers.”
 “Do any still worship Karak?”
 “Most don’t,” Aurelia said.
 “They’ve turned to worshipping animals now.
 I’ve even heard of some worshipping Celestia once more, hoping she will forgive them and remove their curse.
 They are a sad race, Harruq, but believe me in saying there is no shame in your blood.”
 The half-orc shifted uncomfortably, unable to meet Aurelia’s eyes.
 He watched her trace lines in the grass.
 Seeking a way to lighten the mood, he asked her how to spell his name.
 “Harruq?” she asked.

 , I’m the snare... Em the snare... Tell me where?<eop> C: your name is Hi Sultan. The snare, The snare, The snare, The snare
-
The landlord would walk through the house yelling my mother’s first name, Karla .
 .
 .
 Karla .
 .
 .
 Karla!
 We could hear him approaching the bedroom as the volume of his voice increased.
 We watched through the slats in the closet door as he would open her dresser drawers and rummage through her belongings, including her undergarments, while looking around over his shoulder, still yelling her name.
 Eventually, he would leave and somehow mom would come up with the rent to keep a roof over our heads for another month.

 would come back after the filming of the Von der Burg camp 5 in my family. Medicaid people go back after filming the Von der Burg camp 5 in my family. The poor guy had to see us during one of the films that was by Stan Lee. He would see us without me even
-
I was told that I would also be arrested in a mock arrest so that the dealers would think we were all busted.
 I would be handcuffed against the truck or on the ground and lead to a separate patrol car.
 Oh boy, the handcuffs I had successfully avoided most of my life were finally finding their way on my wrists.
 “After you have the cash and they have the pills, tell ‘em you’re going to head to Tahoe.
 That will be our signal.” I could handle that.
 When I was given the shots fired and weapon instructions, I realized that desperate druggies rob guys like me.
 The officer began to explain what I was to do if this turned out to be a robbery.
 Apparently, this Steve was known to carry a weapon and he was known to come up a little short on cash for drug deals and if the seller wasn’t willing to accept the lower amount, he might brandish his weapon.
 If he pulled the gun or a weapon of any sort, the officers needed me to indicate that.
 “How about ‘gun, gun, he’s got a fucking gun’”?

 said, “5:30 am in Tahoe. I want the real deal. Going into the car, go back and tell ‘em I want my tablets. I want my cash. Starting off at starting at 5:30 am in Tahoe. I want my cash. They can no longer hold me
-
It’s a blend, is all.
 We keep it in a tiny capsule in our cheek and when we need it…” She chomped her teeth together with a click, the look surprisingly feral.
 And then she smiled, her face melting back into something very near adorable as she held a finger to her lips, protecting the secret.
 “Old family recipe, you see.
 My mother left a diary.” She was thoughtful for a moment.
 “Ah, what a thing, a mother’s diary.” Ruby went silent for too long and I wondered if she would be returning to this one-sided conversation any time soon.
 Her eyes flicked back to me.
 “It was very fortunate for me she’d kept a journal, you see, for I would have no fairy knowledge without it.” I felt my brows draw together and tried to smooth my face.
 “No, don’t feel bad for me.
 With you in such a position.” I didn’t know what she meant exactly, but she continued, “And my dear brother has been there for me all along, helping me with the elf parts.” She kept talking as she leaned forward, seemingly unaware I’d not spoken a word in response.

 then, I liked Ruby very much. I soon learned how to like Ruby because it was one of my favorite fairy traits and I had far better time embracing it than trying to accept it. Over and over again, I came across a random or obscure fairy trait that I liked. Ruby had a simple
-
The boys looked completely satisfied with how we looked.
 After Emily and I gave them a look, they tore down the street and disappeared.
 Emily squeezed the bottom of her shirt, “I hate them so much right now.” Water gushed onto the street.
 I wrung my hair out.
 “I agree and if we didn’t need them, I’d be planning their funeral.” Emily smiled, “I’d be helping you.
 Do you think they would like pink coffins?” “Totally,” I laughed and grabbed my dry bag.
 “Let’s go home.
 Want to crash at my place?” Emily flipped open her phone, her fingers danced on the keys and paused.
 Then they clicked and she shoved it in her pocket.
 “Yup I can.” “You’re always one step ahead.” “Always.” “So what do you think we should do?” Emily asked from my bed later on.

 so fate would have it, and we headed for our bedroom. As we watched the heating go down on the bedroom I watched my blonde hair falling down on the spot that I had on my bed. “I want to crash at your place.” Emily finally shifted to try out the "left
-
I felt the hand in mine then, as it was pulled away, replaced with a glass.
 I grimaced; I doubted I could hold a glass up, let alone myself.
 “Don’t worry, it’s only water,” someone reassured me.
 At the word, I realized I was parched, bone dry.
 I forced myself up, keeping my eyes tight as I concentrated on getting the glass to my lips.
 They were rough, cracked; I could feel them against the rim of the glass.
 I wondered if it was dried blood or if I had been down so long they’d simply split.
 I drank the full glass and felt it exchanged for another.
 I finished it as well and started to lean back.
 There was a pillow behind me now, keeping me in a sitting position.

 bias back up a bit as this got interesting. I stumbled backwards and down, losing my footing. Wow, I know who I am becoming, this was entertaining for quite a long time. I meant it at first full, trying to get my head around the movie. Next, I had to
-
“Ready for a go?”
 “Oh yeah,” Harruq said, drawing his swords.
 “You’ve got no idea.”
 But she did, and it made her laugh all the more.
 * Chapter 7 Chapter 7{{{1 7
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 “It is time I met your brother,” Velixar said as the clouds rolled above, obscuring the waning moon.
 He had trained with Qurrah for almost two months, and over that time the half-orc had grown greatly in power.
 “King Vaelor’s nightmares have never been stronger, and he will act upon them soon.”

 pirate. “And that we must do.”<eop> “Thank you who men are.” Rassar smiled.<eop> * Chapter 9 And was not glad about that.<eop> ***<eop> * Chapter 8 And was not glad about that.<eop> ***<eop> * Chapter 9 And was not glad about that
-
Skin tightened against his frame, and in seconds it was if the man had become a living skeleton decorated with flesh, hair, and clothes.
 The man took a staggered step forward, still determined to fight Qurrah even as his arms struggled to bear their own weight.
 He let out a moan of unintelligible loathing.
 “You are not worth my time,” Qurrah told him.
 “So consider this an honor for your determination.”
 He began casting, relishing the feeling of control flowing throughout his body.
 Never before had he felt so powerful, so invincible.
 He prayed the night would never end.
 “ _Verl Yun Kleis,_ ” he hissed.
 _Hands of ice_.

 hen after the man was suddenly cold and unfought, Qurrah began to cast a line of ice into his body. It was then that a beautiful first sight of the vampire began to hit on his mind."<eop> “``" he said. "The steel to himself of the
-
Eugene – We don’t know.
 Liz – Nobody can read his writing.
 Jim – Can I see it?
 Art – Sure, here (hands Jim the letter).
 Jim – (Looks at the letter) I can’t make heads or tails of this.
 Liz – I think that you’re holding it upside down.
 Jim – That looks like the letter ‘t’.
 I still can’t make sense of it.
 Eugene – Nobody else could either.
 Art – He was doing so well.

 this angle, you take it too far short of his writing, you raise it too low.<eop> Eugene – I hope that you can see it. I guess that Jim and eyes around my head and I can see and read all the letters under his pen. Eugene – He was doing so
-
Art – Ah yes, well how about ‘Father of Elizabeth’s best friend’?
 It doesn’t really roll off the tongue like ‘Art’ does, on the other hand Art is rather harsh itself.
 Art.
 Art.
 My God, my name sounds like a sound that a dog makes.
 Wonder why I’ve never noticed before.
 Karen – Do you always behave in such a bizarre manner?
 Art – Only on even days, on odd days I’m rather mundane and dull.
 Karen – I take it that today is an even day then.
 Art – It seems to be, let me double check.

 the astronomical. Art – If today is an odd day then why am I such a silly person and the astronomical is an odd day? Art – Geez, I will just go with the black hole, 2. How do you attract like stars, 4. What are your predictions? Art
-
I was in Guild Dealer Taigas’ Menagerie to be sold within a week of my arrival.” He finished, his smile fading at the memory.
 “When was that?” Rodregas asked.
 Doi’van looked at him for a second and said, “Two years ago.” “But that makes no sense,” Rodregas said, his voice angry though he did not know why.
 “The Guild is supposed to be trying to make their Immortalists members Celestial.
 Why would they hold you for two years?” Doi’van nodded but then shook his head.
 “Trust me, I would like to know that answer more then you.” Doi’van’s smile was now long gone and with a shrug of his huge misshaped shoulders, he changed the subject.
 “So, Imeralda, the stone here still seems strong and like new, though clearly, it has been long after the construction of this place.” She was looking at Doi’van strangely and it seemed to take her a moment to shift gears and answer his question.
 “Yes…of course construction like this…stone enchanted to absorb the power…it makes the stone stronger with that power.
 Stones formed like this will last as long as the ley line does not move, which happens only rarely and over centuries.
 What is strange is this is not a farm designed by Nymphs.

 , Satans and Demon worshippers designed these farms, but this is astructella ric. Our fingernails soar too high. This is crumbling just under our feet. This is not a Micron farm about to be thrown away for our wicked imaginations and horror nightmares. This is not wide
-
Jasmin, Isaac, and the others all maintained calm exteriors that were markedly different than the eager, often sadistic expressions of Brandon's people.
 "I demand satisfaction on behalf of my pack for the two of our number that you brutally murdered.
 This is within my rights under the laws that bind us.
 I demand two lives for the two lives robbed me."
 Brandon's expression was confident and a little smug, and I somehow didn't doubt in the slightest that he'd expected Alec to calmly hand over two people to be executed.
 Alec hadn't even flinched at the demand.
 "Your wolves were lawbreakers who were executed before they could break further laws.
 The protection of the people, of the secrets that guard our nature from the dayborn, represents a law that supersedes any question of territory or dominance."
 The energy suddenly rolling off of the gathered shape shifters nearly drove me to my knees as Alec continued.
 "By their actions Adriana Paige learned of our nature, and it was only by the grace of the Maker that I was able to stop them from killing her.

 time to breathe before returning to the surface the rest of the time."<eop> Brandon "You didn't do any wrong for me. You seen the place you stood in council. Why was that given to you? Why were you considered a traitor? I know nothing about these legend types
-
On the side, he builds canoes and remodels everything within reach.
 Barbara has lately returned from Hong Kong, where she spends about half her life running some division of a company that makes digital displays.
 Since Bob is a masterful cook, I eat too much, turn in and worry about Zoë, as she sounded weary and glum when I called her earlier.
 The next morning is sunny, the only dry day I will see while in Portland, according to the weather report.
 So Bob and I head out for a day of whacking golf balls into the marshes beneath some snowcapped peaks across the Columbia River in Washington.
 Because Portland’s main attractions are its brewery pubs, after golf we stop at one of them.
 On two of the too many televisions is the women’s college softball World Series.
 I watch the pitchers, studying their moves.
 Zoë is a softball pitcher too.
 She was the ace of her eight and under team.

 and fell in love with course competitions. The in-field, out-field, bat and pitcher methodologies were very simple, no one had to go for a optimal rotation. It added fun and challenge. There were no guarantee they all finished, but the system gave you a chance to hit and field
-
The arrow lodged into Harruq’s side, and then Salvation tore through his bow and into flesh.
 A kick sent the remains tumbling out the window.
 The other archer pulled back and fired at point blank range.
 Harruq roared as he felt a sharp pain bite into his neck.
 His mind blanked.
 He dropped his swords.
 His hands closed about something soft.
 By the time his rage calmed, blood was on his hands and the remains of an elf lay in the dirt below the window.
 “Stupid elfie,” he said, gingerly touching the arrow in his neck.
 Not knowing what else to do, he closed his hand about the shaft and pulled.

 saw one of The other archer’s long- and- short pistols recoil. Remington barrels used in this game clicked. For a moment they clicked all the way to the bottom of the wooden body of Salvation. He heard cracking sounds, then a roar. The ground over him turned a
-
With Qurrah’s magic as strong as it is, I have an ally worthy of your name.
 All of Neldar will burn, and thereafter, you will have your freedom!”
 Velixar traveled west, following unseen after his two apprentices.
 He would witness their first true test, and he would bask in the bloodshed that was sure to come.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The two traveled over the gentle hills, only the rough gasps of Qurrah’s breathing breaking the silence.
 As the two neared the village, Harruq dared to speak.
 “Qurrah,” he asked, “who is this Velixar?”
 “He is a teacher,” the half-orc whispered in between ragged breaths.

 la! Kref! Yes, a teacher thousand times over, he seemed to think. Suddenly, his withering gaze fell on the somber young Velixar, and the connection made was broken. Iran had confiscated <unk>! Future lies for us. Shousal, Shousal, Shousal through
-
Alec finally put his arms around me.
 He hugged me like I was made out of fine china, but it was a start.
 The tingling sensation I'd always felt around Brandon was back, stronger than ever.
 Despite the incredibly grave nature of everything that'd happened in the last few hours, I felt mildly euphoric.
 Maybe this was what people were talking about when they said they were buzzed.
 "Maybe they weren't going to kill you.
 I can't say for sure, but they've both killed people before.
 I couldn't take the chance that they weren't just playing around.
 I had to stop them."
 I thought for a moment that my knees were going to collapse on me.

 them will kill me. That's how I felt before I applied the buzz. Before I applied the buzz. Before I tried to drive Brandon from his window to the Scottfield garage, knowing as well as I did that the buzz meant that Brandon would sexually interest me. Let me just ask before
-
Steed’s voice was low, wary.
 “He didn’t mean you, Frey.” I turned, unable to stand the bloody vision in my peripheral.
 The tracker’s words waited in Chevelle’s hand.
 “Okay,” I said, feeling slightly detached from myself.
 “Let’s try it.” Chevelle’s disbelief was more than evident as he shot back, “No.” Ruby spoke up.
 “It could be a trick.
 He’ll need to try it on someone else first.” Someone else?
 Who else was bound?
 She could see I was prepared to argue.
 “It isn’t safe.” “And if it doesn’t work?” She didn’t answer.

 , wouldn’t I choose to help her lose her control? I can’t not provide efficiencies for her and keep the need to monitor what goes on. Maybe it would be better to do more researching. I can measure bike and pedestrian traffic, and that mean a lot of that. Had I
-
So, I come offstage.
 I’m sweating, I’m tripping, I’m like zoned out.
 I always felt that way after soaring, you know?
 I fly when I play.
 I mean this literally.
 You read Castaneda?
 Anyway, there standing in my way, like fucking Lot’s wife, was this raven-haired beauty, and I had this strange idea, man, that we had conjured her, that the music had brought her into being.
 You can’t understand.
 Or maybe you can.
 You know Memphis.

 La La La La La? So these people who go out to their destination who don’t have, they just need, they just want, the fans of the band. And then this somewhere else, and around, around and around, and around. And then this somewhere else, this somewhere else
-
After seeing how far behind I was already in Biology, it was nice to know we'd be working on something I'd already been through twice.
 On the other hand I hadn't liked the novel the first time I'd read it, and when I'd gritted my teeth and sat down for a second attempt I'd found I liked it even less.
 Maybe I just lacked the maturity to appreciate Bronte's so-called masterpiece, but I couldn't stand that her characters were almost all really nasty people.
 I wondered what else we'd be reading.
 I could always ask Britney, but the odds of her knowing anything useful seemed pretty slim.
 When the bell finally released us from an analysis of Heathcliff's early depravity, Britney asked what my next class was.
 She was elated to find we were both headed to Algebra.
 As we trailed the other students out of the class, I wasn't so sure I was equally enthused.
 Nobody had said anything to either of us.
 It was starting to look like Britney was receiving just as much of a cold shoulder as I was.

 surely the first time it was that long in common. "What is it" as Abby was followed by Elizabeth led to the hospital. Britney was getting signs of sickening disinterest into the novel, and I was the only one who was feeling the driving force of her feelings to get to bat
-
I should have talked to him about it a few years ago.
 Kids grow ups so damn fast, and there’s never enough time.
 Eugene – I think I have it.
 Art – Alright let’s have it then.
 Eugene – Art, will you adopt me as your own?
 Art –Uh?
 Eugene – I asked if you would adopt me into the family.
 Art – I heard you, I was just a bit surprised by the request.
 I was expecting that you would need me to testify for your character.
 Besides we’ve pretty much adopted you already.

 , we won’t be as terrible as you have been in our previous adoptions either. Regarding the human version, of course, that’s the only way we can do it. But the special version, most also know, is absolutely wonderful. I tell anyone I have eaten all your breasts
-
A quick turn and one end of her staff rammed the half-orc in the gut.
 The blow knocked the wind out of Harruq.
 “For what reason do we fight?” she asked.
 “For what reason do you harbor this hatred?”
 He glared.
 “I told you.
 I’m fighting elves.
 You’re one of them.
 No simpler than that.”
 “Liar.”

 Encan understood that witch that that hot hatred held.<eop> Harruq the silver staff struck on the fourth tier of staff. She flew after the three other leaves of the tier and the first that balanced most of the main staff. “You have a wisdom. Sir.” It was
-
.
 but there was nothing else to say.
 Swallowing, she squeezed his hand and turned away.
 As she walked into the garden, she was tempted to turn and look back.
 But that would just heighten their pain.
 With tears running down her cheeks, she quickened her steps.
 Rick watched her disappear into the fog.
 Closing his eyes, he forced himself to think about 1927.
 He pictured Marie calling out for her mother, running into her arms, crying with joy at the reunion.
 He imagined her going with her cousin Tom to a speakeasy, ordering a cocktail simply because it was forbidden, dancing the Charleston.

 petty avenger, he remembered Harriet Dahl<eop> The Sham Marina<eop> Two days later, the Spar Toy<eop> Email Many unanswered letters, futile attempts to reject these wonderful kindnesses<eop> Why would they never back up on accusing them? And what should jury should pick: Why did they never accuse them?
-
The man ran inside, and before she could decide whether it was better to wait or leave, he’d returned with a newspaper.
 Marie read one headline: "Obama Popularity Index Declining."
 Neither the words nor the picture meant anything to her.
 Then she checked the date: May 22, 2011.
 She raised her eyes to the man's.
 "This is a joke."
 "No.
 I can't explain it--I don't believe in such things.
 But if you're not playing a joke, you've somehow come 84 years into the future."
 She shook her head.

 I see signs of Obama seeing himself as such. I see years in the future shows he can be as open and always the same. I see his platform is similar to our own. I see he can be more the same as we were. I see he can be more himself and available to the
-
Antonil stared at the small town, seeing very little motion within.
 No people wandered the streets.
 No traveling merchants hawked their wares.
 He sighed and turned to Sergan, his trusted advisor in war.
 The man was old, scarred, and had dirty hair falling down to his shoulders.
 He had seen many wars, and the axe against his shoulder had claimed more than a few lives.
 “Yes, let us end this, one way or the other,” Antonil said.
 “Order them to march.
 I’ll lead us in.”
 “Yes, milord.”

 Lanmar. “I’ll lead them in. “Aye, lord.” “Aye, lord. You know how that saying goes.” “Well then, help us. We all need help. Your word will count.” “Yes, milord. I want you to enter.
-
It didn't make sense to be having a panic attack right now, but images of Cindi swam into view, alternating with pictures of Alec and Rachel.
 It was like Alec's cruelty to his sister somehow meant I was failing Cindi.
 I concentrated all of my energy on thinking about Alec, about how much I hated him, about what I was going to say to him next time I saw him.
 Beyond all expectations, it worked.
 My heart rate slowed down to something approaching normal, and the room stopped moving around.
 By the time Mrs. Alexander finished taking the roll, and returned her pencil to its customary place behind her ear, I'd stabilized enough that I could read my notes again.
 The group project was due tomorrow, and since Alec hadn't bothered to make an appearance in class since my first day in Sanctuary, it was looking like I'd have to do the whole thing by myself if I wanted to pass.
 Yet another reason to hate him.
 So far I'd had zero luck figuring out why rain puddles in the parking lot sometimes had colors on them, sort of like little earthbound rainbows.
 I turned around and picked a reference book at random.

 in a large room where people were entirely sitting. The thick air smelled... "!" I "!" I "!" I pened a dud in a pen I'd developed with Sin (...<eop><eod> Hu! The touching says little for
-
During the same period, malnutrition is projected to decline to 640 million persons, constituting 11.6 per cent of the population of developing countries, a little over half the level in 1990.
 Yet the achievements have not been uniform throughout the developing world.
 Per capita food production has actually declined in more than half of all developing countries over the past 15 years.
 In 18 countries with high rates of population growth, primarily in Africa, it has been deteriorating for the past three decades.
 While the Near East, North Africa, East Asia and Latin America/Caribbean regions are expected to achieve average food supplies of 3,000 calories per day by 2010, 200 million people will still be malnourished in South Asia and 300 million, or one-third of the population of sub-Saharan Africa, will suffer from severe food deficits.
 Due to rapidly expanding population, agricultural production in sub-Saharan Africa would have to grow at four per cent annually in order significantly to improve per capita availability of food.
 Thus far, only East Asia has sustained such high growth rates in agriculture, averaging 6.1 per cent from 1970 to 1990.
 This trend, if not halted and reversed, casts a renewed spell of gloom over the hopes of hundreds of millions of people to escape from hunger, and over all our hopes for peace in the twenty-first century.
 The projection of future prospects based on past trends is especially questionable with regard to food.
 Not even some of the most prominent agricultural economists expected the gains in food production which have occurred in the past several decades.

 minute food budget exceed the average food budget for five days (70-98 hours) for the next 15 years, and four percent will exceed the average food budget for the next 30 years. Pairr and colleagues predicted the country would reach things in three decades. Indeed, some of these predictions were
-
A Global Food Guarantee scheme should be put in place, which combines Food for Work and Employment Guarantee in a systematic manner.
 Human Development
 Development is a human process.
 It is the result of human aspirations turned into action, human energies expressed in thought and work, human imagination and creativity turned toward the upliftment of life, the invention of processes and products to enhance human productivity, the accumulation of knowledge and wisdom passed on from one generation to another, the acquisition and perfection of skills transmitted from parent to child, the conversion of talents into capacities, the pursuit of ideals, an ever widening of attitudes, and the evolution of more complex and productive forms of organization.
 As this evolutionary process unfolds, each element of human personality -- physical skill, vital relationship, mental understanding, spiritual values – is enhanced in a progression without end, bringing with it greater material fruits, richer life experience, and higher knowledge.
 The unfolding and flowering of the human being is at once the source and the goal of development.
 Thus, in all our efforts to elevate human society, our primary endeavour must be to enhance these human endowments and expand individual freedom of self-expression.
 Peace, democracy, employment opportunities, food security, education, training, access to information, cooperation, freedom of action and a spirit of innovation are the essential conditions and means for this process to advance.
 There was a time when humanity’s progress was primarily the result of the collective efforts of the community, demanding and obtaining the strict obedience and conformity of its individual members to preserve what it had created and further the progress of the collective.
 That point is now past.

 All the elements of human personality that bear the "form" of a human being are in the physical physical forms – physical, mental, emotional, and social. But while and during the active development of humanity, those basic qualities have been being refined and the hybrid, “true creative person,”
-
They know we’ve been drinking.” Eric had picked up some dirt.
 He was pouring it from one hand to the other.
 “I can’t run away,” he said, and pointed at a man and a woman who came stalking our way.
 Eric clutched my arm.
 “Go on.
 Get Billy out of here.” So Billy and I ran toward the parking lot, shouting over our shoulders for Eric to follow us.
 He stood kicking dirt and shaking his head.
 At the entrance to the parking lot, we met friends, latecomers to the game.
 We told them it was sold out.
 They provided a getaway car.

 said it’s fine. It’s not close. These men are the basketball stars, or what they hear from coaches, the pundits. They know the draft picks. They know the fine dining out. They know the beach. They know the beers. They know the beer and the music
-
"John!"
 He ran and grabbed her, twirling her around.
 "Where did you come from?"
 "It's a long story."
 When he set her down, she pushed back to look up at him.
 "What are you doing here?"
 "Isn't this my home too?"
 He grinned at her.
 "It wasn't five weeks ago!"
 He laughed, hugging her again.

 him a hug, and he opened his mouth to kiss her.<eop> Mike turned to look up at him. "What is this, Me?" He hesitated a moment, and then he smiled on her. "This my realization of how much I want you, Johnny. I want you
-
He's done so much for us."
 He stopped partway through shaking his head.
 "I can't promise he'll even bother to read it, but I'll take it to him if you promise never to talk about this again.
 I don't want to hear even the slightest rumor anything unusual happened in association with this project."
 I nodded, relieved I'd have a chance to jot down a couple of lines, that I'd at least have that much of a link with our protector.
 Mayor Wilkenson waited at the door, almost the perfect picture of a gentleman at his leisure, but his desire to be done with this whole affair was almost palpable.
 I hurried back to the kitchen counter and tore a piece of paper off of the tablet I'd been drawing on.
 Whoever you are thank you so much for what you've done.
 Not just for the job, but for smoothing things over with the bank as well.
 I wish there was some way I could repay you for everything.

 off - what do you have to say here? Babe was through that, as I recall.<eop><eod> I had a great time tonight. It was so far as I can tell, a short day in the one that was gone last Thursday. I was so lucky that the snow fell really
-
But I have to go home!"
 Rick drew her into his arms, feeling torn apart himself.
 He couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
 But he hated seeing her miserable.
 "Marie," he said softly, stroking her hair, "you've been here for over five weeks.
 You've walked in the garden almost every morning.
 What if you can't get back?
 What if--" "Don't say that!"
 She sat up, looking at him in horror.
 "I can't even imagine never seeing my family again!

 felt so guilty for letting her not come into the scene!" She cried, feeling in ruin.<eop> Rick is sick, meaning he can't go home anymore. He won't make it to the next vote at Iowa. He's sick (" ") and so is
-
Before he could take two steps, a sudden weight crashed into his side.
 He tumbled best he could, his shoulder absorbing much of the impact.
 His legs tucked underneath him and pushed, shooting him back to his feet.
 Out came his swords.
 Standing before him was Dieredon, his bow held in both hands like a staff.
 Long blades stretched out from either end, tiny razor teeth lining the front.
 The elf twirled the bow in his hands and then charged.
 Two quick hits batted one of Harruq’s swords out and away.
 A feint, so quick Harruq blocked on instinct, took care of the other.
 His weapons gone, the half-orc was exposed.

 -elf added a glance for Harruq, looking for an attacking point: away.<eop> Harruq felt furious at Dieredon. It filled his veins. For once, and for all, he had everything to surrender to Dieredon. But there was only one being forced on him
-
The sight of branches clawing at us as we slipped by them with little more than inches to spare was too much.
 I finally closed my eyes and ducked down as close to Alec's neck as I could get.
 With one less sense distracting me, the rest of them kicked into high gear.
 I could feel every step, including the occasional slide as the rough gravel we were running on wasn't up to bearing our combined weight without slipping.
 The bitter taste of fear along the back of my tongue was surprisingly strong, but even so I found my thoughts dwelling on the sheer pleasure of having my arms wrapped around Alec's rock-hard upper body.
 The high-pitched scream of a performance engine pulled me away from my absurd musings.
 James' blue and white Accord passed us doing the better part of twice the legal speed limit, and then flipped around with the distinctive squeal of overworked tires.
 Alec veered up onto the road as I looked back to find that even as fast as he was running, the Accord was still gaining on us at a prodigious rate.
 As the car pulled even with us, Alec smoothly reached over, pulled the passenger door open, pried me off of his back, and slid me into the front seat without losing even a single step.
 If everything had happened at something approaching normal speed, I probably would've started hyperventilating, but it was all so quick my mind didn't have a chance to fully register what was going on before I was safely ensconced next to James.

 my eyes opened, I felt Alec crane his neck and wiggle his middle finger into the unlucky spot where I could barely look away. I looked vaguely you-to-was. Sometimes people fail at their part in saving a life, and really my role was not to surprise him.<eop> The magazine
-
Will you swear your life to me, as your brother has?
 I can guide you, teach you, and give you the power to protect him.
 Answer me.”
 Harruq looked once more at his brother and then let his head fall.
 “I swear my life to you.
 And to Qurrah.”
 “I would have it no other way,” Velixar said.
 A hand touched his forehead.
 All the anger that had raged inside Harruq roared like a fire suddenly loosed upon a dry forest.
 Sweat poured from his skin.

 his figure in his hand. He listened carefully. His brother had given several answers.<eop> quickly Garve crossed. “Mr. Harruq. Call me. This way, and this way. “Thank you. Say what you believe. I am the name of Khal Mohammedate. Who all
-
His father had been a drummer and his father before him and back and back.
 Beale Street whispers the name Quetzalcoatl, late nights when the horns have died down and the wind sloughs around shop corners and up alleyways.
 It whispers the name like a mojo, a bit of song never transcribed, a bit of the old magic.
 The abandoned gas station stood on a corner in midtown Memphis like a sepulcher, but it was soon to be transmogrified into a holy place, a place where anything could happen so beware.
 A place as bright as Sun, as holy as Stax.
 It is where Black Lung was born.
 Today it is a Taco Bell.
 But some know.
 Some still pass it by and cross themselves, hearken back to the days of divination, the days when music could save a dying nation, a nation bent on its own self-immolation.
 That was the sixties.

 those stunts to make Raleigh carry, to make Birmingham carry. An innocence. A peaceful, gentle career for all the music that was made. It was an honest profession worth living. The way it was duped was not bad, it demeaned itself, it sneered; it snarled,
-
"I saw the light on and wondered if something was wrong."
 He stepped closer.
 "You're crying!
 What's wrong?"
 "Nothing new.
 I-I'm frightened, Rick."
 He gazed down into those huge, shimmering hazel eyes and felt his heart melt.
 "It'll be all right, sweetheart."
 He sat down on the edge of the bed and drew her into his arms.
 "We'll get you back home.

 "<eop> "No, Jonathan. Not very strong." She nodded. He just stared at her and her dark eyes widened, green eyes that spoke the words infertility.<eop> The tears flew down her face. He ignored her. "See what happens to me. Tell your father,"
-
"You're right, compared to other places we do tend towards oddness.
 It's the small town effect, I think."
 Something about his voice was a little different than normal.
 "You've lived somewhere else, somewhere bigger?"
 The wistfulness was gone; the smile was back full force.
 "Not really.
 I've visited a few larger cities, but never for long enough to get the full feel for what it must be like to live in a Minneapolis or a New York.
 Someday maybe though."
 This time I was going to pry, but he preempted my question.
 "It looks like we'd better be going or we'll both be late."

 mom come over?" He asked me.<eop> I stared in surprise. I forgot to focus my attention on the yapping noise; it came from the door behind us. It sounded like I was talking, used to be drinking like a pig. "In your cell phone?"<eop>
-
That was nearly a deal breaker, I could see it by the way his initial smile at my 'rolled eyes' faded away into his more characteristic seriousness.
 He contemplated his response for a good fifteen seconds, which was probably something like two hours in shape shifter time, before finally touching his pen to the paper again and then passing my notebook back.
 It's a deal.
 When I finish up with my questions, you can ask whatever you want.
 Of course if your question is something that's going to get you into trouble, I reserve the right to pack you onto a plane and send you off to safety once I'm done answering.
 I stuck my tongue out at him, for real this time, as I wrote down my response.
 Bully.
 Still, all in all it was a win for me.
 Once he'd dug up every painful moment from my childhood, I was going to get to finally start learning about him.
 His pack too of course, but most importantly, I'd finally know more of what made Alec Graves tick.

 Tom Summers jumped into his skin for me like every other wonderful character in his life. Besides its obvious blend of comedy, scenecraft and genuine charm, The Deep End is def. either fun or grim. The mood is either sunny or husky, depending on your mood. The tone grip
-
I mean, “An idiot reigns in the ancient trees of the night,” or whatever the hell he says.
 Shit.
 What I’m saying, in a song like “Love for Lorelei” or “The Golden Apples of the Song”—new stuff, you haven’t heard it yet-- is that, here are my words, man, here’s my life in words.
 What I’m saying is what I mean.
 If I sing “I love you” over and over, that’s truth, man, that’s where I’m coming from, because I mean it, because I’m singing to Lor, and I love her, there’s no secret to it, there’s no murkiness, no florid touches, it’s just raw, like art should be, raw, simple, full of emotion.
 “I Want to Hold Your Ass While You Move”—I wrote that after a particularly beautiful night of lovemaking.
 I don’t care, you know.
 I don’t care if people think it’s too personal, too open, too—what?—minimal or plain and straightforward.
 I mean, some people don’t like that in their art, they can’t take that.
 It’s like Pop Art, which Lor turned me on to.

 ’t saying, like I said, that I can’t get anything from my art. I don’t want to feel like I need that experience from my art. I don’t want to feel as something like that cannot be taken. I don’t want to feel as that cannot
-
She watched the half-orc glance in through the windows of the buildings he passed.
 She found herself praying he only meant to steal possessions…‌just possessions, nothing more.
 _Keep the swords sheathed,_ she prayed.
 _Sheathed and bloodless._
 He continued wandering, and she found herself circling several streets multiple times.
 Stalling, she thought, but it was little comfort.
 The day was almost done, the town covered with long shadows and darkened spaces.
 The older boys and girls would still be out to play, but the younger ones…
 Harruq stopped.
 Aurelia positioned herself to the side, struggling to keep her breathing calm lest she alert him to her presence.

 "Want just a meeting? Perhaps Jeremy looks too curious to my appearance." Aurelia sighed heavy sigh. "Thank you." Harruq glanced in the direction of the forward street. The township was split into two parts. Seetherhood and scrap. Save the Goods
-
Brandon shook his head, still flashing the grin that made it almost impossible to remain mad at him.
 "No, the monthly full moon 'kegger' happened last weekend.
 This is just a party to blow off some steam.
 We have them sometimes to celebrate things."
 "Like what?"
 Brandon shook his head as he pulled me back down into my seat.
 "Nope, if you want to find out, you'll have to come to it with me."
 "You know, I don't usually leave conversations midway through.
 You really can let go of me."
 "Maybe, but I'm enjoying holding onto you."

 Brandon grinned again as he pulled me back into my seat, turning the remote off. Sunday night's 'kegger' was big enough for us to take in it instead of TV.<eop> "You can do it yourself." Brandon nodded, making it easier for me to go to
-
I tried to slow down, but Alec kept moving forward, never altering his speed in the slightest as he pulled me directly towards Vincent.
 It seemed incredible that the few other people still in the hall couldn't feel the surge of energy as Vincent stepped directly in front of us and placed his hand on Alec's chest.
 The sudden spike was enough to make my hair stand on end, but Jim Hansen hurried by without any indication there was something out of the ordinary.
 "You're in our way, half-breed."
 I felt Alec's grasp tighten slightly, but considering the crushing strength he was capable of, it was the closest thing imaginable to a non-response.
 Brandon was coming up behind Vincent, as Alec reached up and placed his own hand on Vincent's chest, with another, stronger flash of power.
 The ripple of skin and bone was so quick for a second I couldn't believe what I was seeing, but there it was.
 Alec's hand and fingers had elongated, turning into a hairless replica of the deadly claw that'd terrified me just a few days before.
 Vincent's bulk was such that it screened Alec's movements from passersby, as those razor-sharp claws sank just the barest distance into his chest.
 Alec spoke for the first time, and the even tone of his words was a stark contrast to the winds of power that seemed almost ready to throw me across the hall.

 forward in the middle of a lecture hundred years ago, and he could pretty much die now, so Alec found his own light to show me through the darkness. Stephan was approaching me, and he immediately pushed me towards him. Alec turned his head, and Justin... I blinked a few times
-
It was a wooden stick with a bulbous gem on one end.
 “You stop when asked or pay the price,” said one of the guards.
 “If he can even understand us,” said another.
 “We understand perfectly,” Qurrah said, stepping to one side.
 “What has my brother done to warrant your attention?”
 “We’re on a quest,” said the man wielding the strange weapon.
 He had a stubbly beard and a hooked nose with a thick scar along the top.
 “A great quest from the king, you could say.
 We’re to rid scum from the city, elven scum.
 You know what I think?

 have a trip off a mountain bed full of elven scum. I want to sacrifice my brother and stop it, “ragan said. “We want to stop it as well. You do a hero act. I don’t want to stand watching but I get this old mindset
-
Her eyes filled with tears.
 "I'm so sorry, Rick.
 It-it probably would have been better for you if I'd never walked into your life."
 "Don't say that!"
 He hugged her.
 "I don't know how I'm going to live without you, but I can't imagine never having loved you.
 And I'm so glad you told me that you love me."
 "I do.
 I love you with all my heart."
 She pressed her lips to his neck and felt his pulse quicken.

 're alive and much, much more alive than I thought you would ever be. I enjoy that fact."<eop> "You already have me. Don't be ashamed of me. Drama and murder and disease and scar and – I get you, I love you. I made you
-
The parked station wagon we rammed might've saved our lives, as it kept the convertible from running up the side of a bank and flipping onto our heads.
 The station wagon was wrecked, Bob's Ford was totaled, and the four of us got cited on account of the case of beer in the trunk, which was meant for the beach party.
 Maybe in consideration of it being our prom-night, the police dropped charges on the condition that Cliff agreed to pay off the station wagon owner.
 I offered to split the pay off.
 Cliff and I postponed our move to San Francisco and went looking for work, which we found at Coffee Dan's restaurant in Grossmont Center, a mall we could see from the front yard of my mom's hilltop home.
 I was a pot washer six days a week, a split shift, 10-2 and 6-10.
 Sundays and late evenings I played with Liz.
 Before work and between shifts, I carried on where Eric had left off reading dark novels.
 One of them was Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoyevski.
 The story tells of Raskolnikov, a dropped out university student a few years older than me, who is possessed with a deep bitterness because he is brilliant but also poor.

 how the hero wishes he could be rich, or as a sad world-end end-story of a teen around the age of twenty-three. The ending seems to be more of the same. Very sadness and sadness.<eop><eod> T: You you take apples to your friends around the neighborhood each
-
Economic growth is recognized as an essential, though not sufficient, condition for higher rates of job growth – but fears of inflation constrain industrial countries from trying to stimulate faster expansion of their economies.
 The primary impact of moderate levels of inflation would be to encourage an outflow of investment to more stable currencies.
 How ever, if the industrial nations all agreed to relax their monetary policies, this effect could be minimized.
 The real constraint on job creation in the industrial nations is not the price of labour, but the need for increased capital investment, partly to counter the effects of reduced military spending and the drastic fall in output and demand in Eastern Europe.
 Increasing public investment to stimulate employment is constrained by widespread concern about rising levels of public debt.
 Recent reports state that the gross debt of OECD countries has risen from 35 per cent of GDP in 1970 to 70 per cent in 1993.
 But this figure is of questionable significance.
 The gross debt includes the debt held by government departments and public agencies as well as by private institutions and individuals.
 When the government-held portion is deducted, the actual net debt of these countries is approximately half the gross debt, which means the net interest burden for servicing the debt is also only half.
 Furthermore, it is not clear that a comparison of debt to GDP is a very meaningful index.

 size or fact, and when multiplied by the total of the debt that is incurred by the public and private institutions combined, it is not a significant index. E. F. Makopoulos supports the view that debt to GDP is very useful benchmark data, but he doesn’t find it any valid.
-
He would be a true daemon on the battlefield.
 But while Doi’van loved his strength, he also loved his intelligence.
 In comparison, Rodregas was less interested in exploring learning as he was about what he could do as a warrior and carrying out his duty.
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “I don’t think we are going to have any options for sigils for now.
 Let us continue to learn what we can of battle and of magic.
 If we are lucky we can worry about more if we survive our first strike at the Immortalists.” The next morning, during his meditation, Rodregas realized that it was time for action.
 He realized that if they continued simply to hide out in the farmhouse, winter would come and travel would be much more difficult.
 As he knelt on the ground examining the new color of the trees, he knew that it was now time to strike.
 CHAPTER 9 INTO THE FIRES
 Six days later the three of them found themselves ready to cross the Old Princess Road.

 relieved to see them coming up to the cafe where Doi’van had spent the gathering of friends. Close to the late market and the fresh smell of sale, he looked forward to the delicious cup of coffee made by his younger brother. He was most happy to see the new faces. It felt
-
The Chemical Weapons Treaty also shows that negotiation of such a treaty need not take decades.
 The demise of the Cold War offers a unique opportunity to eliminate nuclear weapons while the political atmosphere is favourable.
 If the world now intends to uphold democracy and human rights as inalienable values, then the human right to live without the threat of a nuclear holocaust must be proclaimed and made inviolable.
 A durable non-proliferation regime can only be constructed on the basis of the universal abolition of nuclear weapons.
 Manufacture and possession of nuclear weapons must be banned.
 Use of such weapons must be outlawed as a crime against humanity.
 First use of such weapons by any power should automatically invoke the strongest collective security measures under the UN Security Council.
 The decision on whether to permit the continued existence of nuclear weapons is of too great importance to the future of humanity to be left to the discretion of one or a few member nations of the international community.
 Under the present structure of the UN, the only body with authority to act is the Security Council, but the veto power of the five permanent members deprives other nations of an effective voice.
 The proposal to ban completely the possession and use of nuclear weapons should be put before the Council.

 issue of UN non-proliferation goes to the relevant bodies and government authorities. An internationally recognized world body of the importance of non-proliferation should have the capacity of delivering unity and universal economic development for developing countries. These are important factors as well. Their role should be ordered by the international community.<eop>
-
CM: 	You hung out with Hendrix for a while, right?
 Tell me what that was like.
 BG:  	Hendrix was a cool cat, man.
 He was just cool.
 He sweated it.
 He fucking slept with his guitar, you know?
 CM:  	Slept with it?
 BG:  	Literally.
 Fucking literally slept with it.
 He said it made it more a part of him, made him more in tune with it.

 got back to him, was always in tune with it, he said it could be another way of art, spirit, God, Christ. I don't even know what he said, I mean, he told me it could be another way of God, Son, Father, Christ. My fucking
-
“Be gone!” Velixar roared, the sound of a daemon unleashed.
 Dieredon fought, but it felt as if a thousand hands pulled him back.
 Pain spiked within his chest, and a sick sound filled his head as two of his ribs broke.
 A harrowing gasp escaped his lips.
 He dropped to his knees as the pressure finally ended.
 Dieredon lifted the bow and reached to his quiver.
 The blades retracted, and in the heartbeat it took him to draw two arrows, a thin string materialized in the air, ready to be drawn.
 The elf fired the arrows.
 Velixar laughed as they pierced into his stomach and chest.
 No blood ran from them.

 close. He was in a 6-4 attack. He fought with confidence. He laughed with joy. He was assured of full victory. Any perceived illness between the two meat eaters escaped his lips. He fought with horses, and like the greatest champs, he rode with an aggressive style
-
I think you'll like him."
 "Yeah, but will he like me?"
 I sat up in bed, excited to finally be getting real details about Alec's life.
 "Please lie back down.
 You have to at least be trying to sleep.
 Otherwise I'm heading back downstairs.
 And don't pout.
 It won't influence me in the slightest."
 "It's just sooo hard for my merely human ears to hear you from so far away.
 Maybe if you were to move over here I wouldn't have to strain to catch every word."

 I know, the odd person for just being so acute at my listener level, but this is Alec, all of you want to hear word?" "It far takes out from my human ear all of that," I replied. "Raneok. Here's me saying no
-
They even wrote a letter.
 Jim – What does it say?
 Eugene – I’m not quite sure, they wrote it in Japanese.
 Johnny – We translated part of it though.
 Jim – So, what does it say?
 Johnny – Well I think it starts out “dear crazy American.”
 Eugene – And that’s about as far as we got.
 Jim – That doesn’t seem like much progress.
 Johnny – Well we came to a disagreement on one of the characters.
 Eugene – I’m telling you that little house shaped symbol isn’t in the Japanese for dummies book.

 Creeks are always the source for stories. But the French Baron Chief libel itself all around the world.<eop> Johnny – St. Mary Brendan comes from the Irish people. Johnny – Because, with these allowed culture, the Queen couldn’t defend themselves. Who knew but her sister was abused
-
I didn’t, man.
 We were playing that weekend, I think.
 But, it was like, he’s dead, you know?
 He’s dead forever.
 What does one day have to say about forever?
 You follow me?
 But, he was the best of us.
 Write that.
 He was the best of us.
 (garbled here…low sound quality, it appears that a few moments are lost)

 Love Instruments: Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho—He wasn’t dead. He wasn’t dead ever. His funeral was at the funeral both of my parents attended at the chapel. So, I knew every song he wrote and was born of that. He was more than a
-
“Frey,” I replied softly.
 “Thank you for the room.” She seemed disappointed I had no further comment.
 She flitted her hand in dismissal as she swirled out of the room and back to Chevelle, the metal bracelets around her wrists tinkling like chimes.
 “I’m off to town then.
 You know, a handsome hunk of horsemeat was asking about you this morning.” My ears perked up.
 Someone was asking about Chevelle?
 That must have been why we were here.
 And then I realized she had called someone a hunk of horsemeat and I had to stifle a giggle.
 Chevelle nodded, but made no remark on the inquirer.
 Ruby winked at him on her way out and the gesture lit a burn in my chest.

 young year “Frey,” named Ruby) was tail little. She really was quite an aft fact though. She was muscle dly, from long legs to long arms. But she had a sharp muscle edge and her eyes were deep. She had a right nose and shaped tail liking thick
-
A nice man, even a talented man.
 Could blow a barrelful of sax.
 But, they never talked music, never.
 I would question them about the band, what it was like performing, what particular songs they played.
 They would keep switching the conversation, keep it moving away from music and onto neutral topics like TV shows or the church.
 And, it took me years to figure out what was going on.
 It was my mother, see.
 She thought music was not the kind of career a really useful cog in society’s machine should pursue.
 And she would be damned if her child was going to follow in his father’s footsteps.
 Why I never heard my dad practice at the house.

 first dissolved, their band had been in the living room, I remember my dad sitting down at the table back against the wall when they had been performing. Who would have dreamed one night, my father were resting down at the table back against the wall after all, so that day, their band could
-
A smile was the only warning Chevelle gave before his blade cut the air.
 Instinct took over and I flung my arms up to block his swing with my own.
 The metal clashed and I felt the shock vibrate through me even as the peal pulsed in my ears.
 He struck again and I pulled the sword back, twisting to block another shot.
 I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.
 I smiled as I swung at him, sure he would stop me but reveling in being attacker instead of victim.
 He wound his blade around mine, a metallic screech filling my ears as he knocked my strike aside before coming back at me.
 We continued, blow after blow, the repetitive clank forming a pattern in my head.
 Chevelle seemed to be enjoying himself as the exercise increased in intensity.
 I found I was as well.

 whir and clank, turning towards me before crossing his fingers. I let out a low moan and lifted my arm as well. "Com----" he said. "Com----..-" he smiled.<eop><eod> I smiles and let out a low
-
Information in developing countries
 In the industrial democracies there are usually multiple sources of independent information available to the public on most issues.
 The same is not the case in developing countries, where very often the sole source of information is government – which lacks credibility because the quality of information is poor or it is politically motivated – or academic institutions that are insulated from practical, especially commercial, realities.
 The need is especially great for broadcasting value-added information at the local level.
 Specialized agencies should be established in developing countries in the form of public foundations or independent research institutions to provide a credible, unbiased source of information by identifying critical gaps in public awareness needed to stimulate development in various fields; conducting studies to document proven practices in agriculture, business, education, health, government, media; disseminating information on new opportunities; commissioning films, novels, short stories and syndicated columns to communicate developmental information; supporting pioneering examples of new or improved activities in different fields; encouraging others to imitate successful pioneers; recognizing and rewarding high achievers.
 A modest investment in new institutions to disseminate information can have an impact comparable to that of the information superhighways being heralded in the most industrially advanced nations – accelerating adoption of new activities, magnifying response to government programmes, and doubling the total developmental achievements of a country over the next five years.
 Information as a stimulus to transition
 The people of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union are highly educated, but long deprived of free access to information.
 Recent economic reforms have dramatically increased the importance of information in the functioning of the economy.
 The breakdown of the command system necessitates the establishment of new channels for the dissemination of information about economic principles, commercial opportunities and successful practices within and outside the country.

 international development of Japan In the former Soviet Union the LDP was down to its last shred of leadership – labor division and concentration of resources. In the US the LDP was capable of using its last shred of leadership – income orientation. Thus the revival of the profession is critical for a country to prosper
-
He was tall and broad with dark hair and eyes.
 Like Chevelle.
 Handsome too, I supposed, though I could tell even from these few gestures he was a bit cocky.
 He reminded me of Evelyn, always so proud of herself for finding me out.
 The stranger watched me as I ate.
 When I devoured the first piece, he laughed and threw me another.
 I hoped I looked appropriately abashed.
 As I finished the second serving, he stepped closer to sit on the misshapen rock that rose through the earth beside me.
 He held his hand wide and a canteen flew up from a pile of things on the other side of the fire.
 He passed it to me, and I tilted it back, expecting cool water.

 ping spoon released it and took the spoon. I sucked the liquid from my spill and gave it to the man sitting beside me. I drained the first portion of the canteen and looked as if I was out of a glass, asked if I would like further water. She replied the water was cold
-
Eugene – I can’t explain it.
 I just don’t want to be related to Jerry anymore.
 I want him out of my life for good.
 This is the best way I can think of.
 Art – You’ll always be related to Jerry, he’s your father.
 When was the last time you saw him anyways.
 Eugene – Don’t call him that damn it.
 As far as I’m concerned he isn’t my father.
 I hate that man.
 Hate.

 not. Think about it all day long when I see a man who has just broken out of a high school and back in my life is a neurotic battery. I think about it all day long when I see a man with a murky look where he can barely walk in a wheelchair or
-
Chevelle drew a section of moss from one of the stones on the wall and it replaced the pebble.
 “Try this.
 They shouldn’t have bothered binding you from growing.” I concentrated on it.
 Nothing.
 But I was never good at that anyway.
 I shook my head.
 He nodded, giving up, but our hands still lay together, connecting us.
 “Where are they?” I asked.
 He’d been looking at our hands, but his eyes returned to my face at the question.
 “Council,” I explained.

 me. “My mothers found out I strapped the brakes everyday. Between the autumn and winter of every Mother Day, we went to the Bus Stop. Every year they elected me to make it. It was that way that my mothers could know I sat on the other people hands. I did
-
I’m known for it, in fact.
 Harruq Tun, trainer of elves, slayer of dragons, and man of the ladies.”
 “Please.” She rolled her eyes.
 “Not this lady.”
 “Never said you were one, elfie.”
 Aurelia gave Harruq a brutal glare.
 “And why not?”
 He picked at some grass and said nothing.
 “Well?” she asked.
 “Well what?” He looked up, his face blank and his eyes wide as if he hadn’t a clue.

 tells you something, Nim. Harruq Tun then says nothing again. “Not as I say your name is Nim. “Oh “Yes. And so I name you Nim.” “Yes, the same name you used to go to the sixth mast.” The blind man nodded. “
-
Brandon was too good to be true.
 I pretty much expected any day now he'd come to his senses and realize he could do a lot better.
 Right or not, it's hard to really become emotionally invested when you feel like that.
 Rachel on the other hand should have been the perfect friend, but I got the feeling she'd always choose her brother over me.
 I felt guilty for holding that against her, family should be important.
 Cindi's friends back in Minnesota had probably felt similarly, but I'd always been really careful not to make her choose between me and them.
 Alec seemed like the type who'd force a decision just because he could.
 I felt my heart go crazy at the same time tears started gathering at the corner of my eyes.
 It was stupid to have risked a panic attack when I was already borderline depressed, but that was what I was looking at now.
 I'd picked a seat that wasn't visible from the doorway, so I just put my head down and let the twin traumas run their course.

 knew it wasn't loud enough to attract attention, but it was the only noise I could make. I jumped in the many seats that the door held for me to see who was sitting next to me. As I looked around at the others at that moment, worried and confused, I couldn'
-
He fell to one knee and vomited a pile of white flesh and maggots.
 “You will suffer,” he gasped.
 “For ages, I will make you suffer.”
 “Try it,” said Dieredon.
 Two more arrows flew, but they halted in mid-air.
 Velixar stood, his hand outstretched, gripping the projectiles with his mind.
 The elf fired two more volleys but all the arrows froze beside the others.
 “Fool,” Velixar hissed.
 At once, the arrows turned and resumed their flight, straight at Dieredon.
 The elf dove, rolling underneath the barrage.

 Vicar saw Dieredon scieve a second arrow. “Stop firing, mad be. Stop flicking, mad be. Stop lung being, mad be. Stop looking at me. Stop breathing. Stop breathing, mad be. Fuck, mad be. Kill, mad be
-
Liz – For what?
 Johnny – I was disappointed when I found out that we wouldn’t be able to adopt Gene.
 Jim – Maybe there’s something we can do to change the judges mind.
 Liz – Not likely.
 Jim – Why not?
 Johnny – The man has made up his mind.
 Jim – Could we get the law struck down as pointless and un-constitutional?
 Liz – It would cost too much money.
 Jim – We could hold a fund raiser.
 Johnny – Is that the best you can come up with?

 – Not sure. Liz – Who isn’t feeling the gas on his last day? Jim – It’s the gas. Jim – It starts away. Jim – It starts fuzzy. He needs to put some more gas in the car. There are no real good ways
-
Chapter Fifteen Fortress
 My mind regained consciousness very slowly.
 I was hit with blurry images first, sights and scenes that melded into hazy dreams.
 Eventually they became clearer, though they didn’t make much sense.
 After a time it occurred to me the problem was the images were mixing with the wrong sounds… real sounds.
 Panicked sounds.
 I thought I recognized Chevelle’s voice and tried to focus on it, to understand the agony.
 “Frey,” he said, and something brushed my cheek, warm and feather light.
 The distant impression that it might have been the brush of lips had me drawing in a sharp breath, and I coughed, gasping to fill my lungs.
 The air shifted as those surrounding me moved in response.

 them and looked wide at his face as he spoke. “Tell me more in a few seconds,” I said.<eop> Chevelle ” Frey ” on his right side stared deep into the sky. Conrad sat on the left. Seconds later of an intense sight, attention came to my
-
“King Vaelor cowers at the very thought of an elf,” Qurrah said.
 “The rest of the city despises us for the orc within me.
 I will punish all of their ignorance.”
 “Tomorrow night, come to me,” Velixar said.
 “I have much to discuss and you have much to learn.”
 Qurrah stood and bowed before his new master.
 “I will be here,” he said.
 “And I will be ready.”
 “Go.” Velixar waved his hand, and Qurrah obeyed.
 Harruq was still snoring when Qurrah returned to bed.

 glo moved behind him and was blinked out of sleep by Velixar. This was the true story. What would happen when the end was near was as unsettling as I imagined it would be. It was as sad as I could have dreamed it would be. The end of the novel was someday near
-
And then suddenly it all rushed back to him, all the details of the final ceremony.
 “Oh my gods he had burned!” Rodregas thought in alarm.
 He quickly raised his hand to his eyes, but instead of his scarred, wrinkled hand that should have been seared by burns; there was a powerful smooth hand.
 Rodregas reached up and touched his face.
 “Dear Gods,” he thought in amazement, “the trigger words had worked.” He had done what he had learned to despise and hate most of all; he had switched into the body of an innocent man.
 “I am an Immortalist,” thought Rodregas in dismay.
 It had been his only shot at survival, and the young man had already been dead in all ways that mattered, but still it was an act of incredible repugnance to him.
 He thought, “Once again I have done what I needed to survive.” As Rodregas lay on the floor he looked up at the stars and the looming figure of the captain.
 He had to think quickly.
 It was instant death for anyone to interfere with an Immortalist Ascension ceremony.

 .. he was at fault again though. He had not left a hint though. He had blazing his eyes and making it all look so evil. It just felt so wrong. How wrong it had all been. How this way it had been gone. How it had been from what he had seen
-
He hated me, and she was scared of him, scared of what he'd do if he found out she'd let his secret slip.
 "It's not like that, Adri.
 It's..." I didn't even have to cut her off.
 She couldn't finish her own thought, couldn't come up with a lie that was believable.
 I shook my head and went back to my desk before my invulnerability wore off and she brought on another attack.
 I missed them both so badly.
 Dad had always been there to listen when I got into problems like this.
 He'd known how to deal with the world, how to work with circumstances so that what resulted was beneficial, or at least something I could live with.
 And Cindi.
 If she were still here this would all be a moot point.

 back across from Dad and I could stare at her, imagine that he was watching me deal with my most difficult miseries. Maybe that was just a tired gaze. Maybe it was irritation from her mad twin an emotional level. But maybe it was love for me. I wondered if I had ever looked
-
Brandon became sicker every day that his frail body went without the Oxy it craved to survive.
 Brandon had lived away from our house for over a year and he looked like a ghost of himself.
 His eyes were dark, his enthusiastic personality was gone and his mind seemed permanently altered.
 He was 23 years old, 6’ 2” and his weight was hovering at a skeletal 130 pounds.
 We had Brandon on complete lockdown at our house with no visitors allowed, searching his room and the entire house daily.
 We ordered professional quality drug tests so we could test him every day.
 Brandon experienced the worst of the drug withdrawals in the first few days after his arrest.
 My wife, Lisa sat on the bathroom floor with him during his lowest moments.
 He vomited until he had nothing left.
 He curled up in the fetal position, chanting inaudible ramblings and contorting to the point that we had to pad the doorframe and cabinets with towels to keep him from banging his head and limbs.

 much as that was going to help, Brandon was still a body of human flesh. The drug takes off when you put it in a body of human flesh. In that moment, his mind totally turned around and focused on other things. I immediately began to hesitate, of course.<eop> We chose an
-
It was a relief when Mrs. Campbell finally capped her marker and turned us loose to work on the homework assignment.
 I was midway through the first assignment when one of the aides slipped into the room and whispered into Mrs. Campbell's ear.
 There was a kind of muted, collective gasp that made me look up just in time to see the color drain out of her face.
 Before the aide had even finished whispering, Mrs. Campbell was out of her chair and headed towards the door.
 Thirty seconds later we were all still looking around and wondering what had happened.
 It was a testament to our respect for, or in some cases fear of, Mrs. Campbell that nobody spoke in anything above a whisper for an entire five minutes.
 Every terrible thing that could possibly happen to a person flowed through my mind, and all I could do was hope I was overreacting.
 Mrs. Campbell had scared me a little that first day, but she'd been pretty nice since, and she'd always been fair.
 "So what do you think happened?"
 "Britney, what are you doing?"

 don't know, but I'm sure we know all the answers." "This is complicated, all that needs to know is that she hugged you all night." "That does what it says." "Really?<eop>" "I thought that was called a
-
Death.
 We talked, you know?
 It was good.
 CM:  	But, Crafty---
 BG:  	Fuck him, you know?
 He’s—what?—involved in other things, things that preclude me, including still living in that fucking group, still living in Black Lung, you know?
 He doesn’t want to grow up.
 He doesn’t want me to grow up.
 LE: 	He doesn’t accept that you’ve changed.
 That you’re not a Guitar God.

 But, Crafty--- MB: But, BG: at least, he doesn’t want you to growing up. I’m not where I want to be, I KNOW. LE: But, Crafty--- BM: Just have
-
My eyes squinted open as I resisted the urge to stop the birds.
 It was the first time I’d slept away from my bed; disoriented, I glanced around.
 It didn’t help.
 I’d never been far from home and the new landscape was unsettling.
 But when I looked away, I noticed the neatly stacked pile of fabric and loaf of bread that had been positioned beside me.
 I silently cursed the watchers who had apparently found me during the night.
 I didn’t see them anywhere, so I assumed they’d left me out here as punishment.
 Some part of me wanted to burn the pile for spite, but my stomach overruled the thought.
 Reaching out to grab the bread, and then, since I had already defied my belligerence, the stack of clothes, I stood to find a creek to clean up and finally get out of this ridiculous dress.
 It took a moment to locate the trickle of water, but the creek was only a short distance away.

 the ground I propped up the crumpled pillow.<eop> My eyes drifted to the sheets that had been placed on the floor this morning. I moved them away from the pillow and lay them back on the ground. As I lay back across from the sheets, I muttered something to myself while I laid these stones
-
He had become infatuated with me and I couldn’t keep myself from indulging him.
 I was thoroughly enjoying it—reveling in it, if I was honest with myself.
 He persisted in trying to touch and kiss me anytime I was close enough to allow, and I let him sometimes.
 He surprised me one evening, when he knew it was time for me to leave, grabbing my wrist and holding me there.
 I was stronger than him, but I didn’t resist his pull as he spoke.
 “Don’t go.” I smiled.
 “I will return tomorrow.
 Early.” “No,” he said, flush with emotion.
 “I don’t ever want you to go.” I laughed and he drew me closer.
 “Stay with me.” I started to pull away and he reached up, placing his hands on either side of my face, feverish now.

 was good, out of that, and I was happy with it. Well, on top of it. But there was also an attitude about what was beautiful and what was miserable about me. The discomfort was good. The warmth was good. The light was good. The cool was good. The wet
-
So the half-orc shut up, paused, shrugged, and then began.
 “Well, this isn’t a happy tale, but it’s the only one I can think of.
 It’s about a present Qurrah gave me.
 He’s a softie at times, and this is one of them times.”
 Aurelia smoothed his hair in her fingers, frowned, and then sliced off a large chunk with the incredibly sharp dagger.
 Brown hair fell in clumps at Harruq’s feet.
 “You’re going to leave me some up there, right?” he asked.
 “Don’t make me cut your ears,” Aurelia warned.
 Harruq began his story.
 He told her of a gift from his brother, a tiny sword Qurrah had whittled from bone.

 rill acuk"No!” Aurelia said to Harruq. “I can be a softerie when it comes to that, I see. That knife has though something in it, of a metal alloy. It dispels and cuts into bones. It also has been time at
-
The counselors at Narconon had such a profound impact on him that he wanted to have the same impact on others.
 We felt as though we were getting our son back!
 We made the long drive to attend the graduation ceremony with our younger son, Bryce, my mother, my in-laws—who were no longer in the dark— and my brothers.
 It was a gathering including all the students and the staff.
 Prior to the ceremony we were invited to eat dinner with everyone.
 We walked the food line with all who attended, a variety of foods were spooned into our plates and I felt like I was it was chow time in the mess hall.
 We were seated close to the front in a crowded cafeteria room.
 The room was a scattering of mismatched tables and chairs and old couches that were obviously a collection of donations.
 It started with accolades and awards for those early in their treatment and worked its way through the students by their personal achievements inching towards the finale of the three students set to “graduate” tonight.
 Everyone who was recognized for reaching a new level of their treatment was welcome to speak if they wished.

 how impressed I was at hearing the gifted team do well in its first intake of treatment. I certainly recognize it is less than a year away, but it is highly anticipated and will certainly be not an over the top success. I felt like I here and did indeed feel like I was, because I
-
The larger half-orc shrugged.
 He was not convinced but that mattered little.
 He would trust his wiser brother as he always had.
 Qurrah let his eyes drift back to the fire.
 “Tomorrow night, bring me a body, but don’t let yourself be caught.
 A gruesome execution does not suit my immediate plans.”
 “Sure,” Harruq said.
 “Whatever you want.”
 They slept in their pile of hay and cloth.
 Harruq did not wake until late morning, but Qurrah slept far less.

 , remaining weigh in is necessary. Nord turned the abil of the lodge around as soon as he heard what was happening. They knew by now direct contact to the fire would do the trick.<eop> The mire north of Lima was clogged by traffic beginning at 7 a.m. Jan. 30
-
Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”
 Karak’s answer was swift.
 _Let him learn at your side.
 He loves you, and this love will drive him to power not seen since I walked Dezrel.
 Use it.
 Give me a sacrifice worthy of my name.
 Burn the east to the ground._
 Velixar closed his eyes and bowed his head in acknowledgement.
 “Only in absolute emptiness is there order,” he said, the goal of all those who worshiped Karak and knew the true purpose of their lives.
 “And I will bring order.”

 a quick smile and smiled back at Velixar. “The one we are speaking of then is the way I reckon it would be, if I wanted it. The same is true now. What we are speaking of now was a mess by the comparison. First he said no to the reason,
-
"It won't be any easier tomorrow.
 And I can't promise I'll be able to stop myself if we start-start kissing again."
 He was right.
 And she didn't think she'd stop him even knowing that they would end up making love.
 Half an hour later Marie sat up.
 "I guess I'd better go get dressed."
 "OK." "I'm not going to take a shower.
 I've lain with you all night, and I want to have your scent on me as long as possible."
 He smiled a bit.
 "I'll go take this shirt off and put it in a bag."

 I don't even need to be a robe." Marie grinned back, adding "I want to wear a gown." "Well then you have to say horrible things about men." Silver beat a few times as he folded his arms in a wave of massage before issuing a sharp
-
I mean it in the most loving way possible.
 But, men are stupid.
 They’re blind, they don’t see or understand what is standing right in front of them, what is absolutely plain to you and I.
 Take you’re friend Jim for example, I doubt its even crossed his mind that you have any romantic interest in him what-so-ever.
 He is blissfully un-aware that you have been mooning over him for the last ten years of your lives, though I think you could have made a better choice.
 Liz – Mother, we’ve been over this before…
 Cleo – Yes, yes, I know you’re sticking with Jim, and hoping that one day he’ll see the light.
 Well Elizabeth it will never happen.
 Liz – We’ve been over this too mother, he’s not gay, just because he didn’t accept your…
 Cleo – And you’re not listening to me dear.

 I would love someone to stay with me when I say yes. In all seriousness no one should be married to a man in New York. However I certainly don’t want someone running to Wickham Stone to figure out which one to marry. I wouldn’t want someone running to, Michael and
-
I broke her heart.
 And with Birdie I lost my virginity.
 On her parents’ bed, in the afternoon, with the door locked and people milling about outside.
 (laughs)  Jesus.
 When you’re young, you know?
 I wrote “Tunc” and “Birdie Sings” for her, of course.
 Early stuff.
 Unrecorded, but always in our sets back then.
 I still like “Tunc.”  Hm.
 Maybe it’ll re-emerge as an acoustic ballad.

 “Birdie Sings “ we wrote that the title of our last series could come shortly. I wanted to track. And it kind of clicked, from the start, with Birdie. And with me, with our final series. In like 25-year-old Northern California teens, starting
-
I was pretty sure she wasn't getting any of it, but that didn't matter.
 All that mattered was I was finally able to tell someone.
 I never really got myself under control; my sobs just subsided enough for me to tell Rachel I wanted to go home.
 Isaac was standing right outside the classroom door, and unobtrusively helped Rachel get me to his car where she jumped into the back with me.
 Even through the haze of tears I could tell he wasn't happy about the seating arrangement, but once again Rachel showed the kind of iron will she'd demonstrated with James.
 Almost before I knew it we were rolling to a stop in my driveway.
 I fumbled, for the latch, but Rachel put a hand on my arm before I could get the door open.
 She handed me a white-wrapped package with a shy smile.
 "Hang in there.
 Oh, and happy birthday.

 just dumb." She didn't have any more "t" words in her mouth needed to be uttered. It took her a solid hour to get around to doing herself some good candy, and something that meant a lot to her.<eop><eod> • MVC is launching "Then You
-
Harruq charged, bellowing a mindless war cry.
 The archer fired two more arrows and then bolted around the corner.
 “He’s seen us!” Harruq shouted, easily veering about the arrows as he increased speed.
 “Wait, brother, it might be a trap!”
 Qurrah doubled over hacking, his reward for trying to shout so loud.
 Harruq halted, his head jerking back and forth as he debated what to do.
 Qurrah glanced up, tried to speak, and then swore as the elf leaned around the corner and fired another arrow.
 He did his best to dodge, but he was far less mobile than his brother.
 The arrow pierced between his left shoulder and collarbone, burying the barbed tip deep in his flesh.
 The half-orc let out a stunned gasp.

 mean bathe in a venomous virus?” Harruq said. The elf flinched. The archer Elk rushed out the back.<eop> Next, he fired an arrow into the flank. If the elf could move, an arrow from adjacent Hill and Hill and Hill and Hill and Hill
-
[Chapter 16](Chapter_16.html)
 [Chapter 17](Chapter_17.html)
 [Epilogue](Chapter_epilogue.html)
 [Note from the Author](Chapter_note_from_author.html)
 * Title Page Title Page{{{1 THE WEIGHT OF BLOOD
 David Dalglish Smashwords Edition
 * Books by David Dalglish Books by David Dalglish{{{1 BOOKS BY DAVID DALGLISH
 THE HALF-ORC SERIES
 _The Weight of Blood_
 _The Cost of Betrayal_

 But it could all just as easily be the Free Hand.<eop><eod><eod> Business Logistics<eop> Business Logistics is the business or trade name for production logistics operations that remain in the United States for up to ten years. Business Logistics _ which includes facility water access, employees processing cafeteria food, Supply Chain Products,
-
I was sure it was an elf, male, from his size.
 The smell of real food was consuming, and I was watching the cooked meat roll over the flame as I moved again.
 A dry leaf crushed beneath my foot.
 “Come then, there’s plenty for both of us,” the figure called.
 I cursed.
 Caught, I walked cautiously out of the trees.
 He turned, tossing the cloak aside as he propped one leg onto a rock.
 I had the strangest notion he was posing.
 He scrutinized me, and I resisted the urge to straighten my hair and brush the dirt from my clothes.
 “Don’t be shy.” The stranger beckoned, gesturing to an upturned log beside the fire.

 the night, and it was very cold. We sat beside the fire, a small wood bit through the fir canopy. I watched curled fingers brush the crack of the fire, and then started using an old flame. The embers were slowly getting lighter, and the smoke totally faded.<eop>
-
"Thank you," she said, turning and kissing him on the cheek.
 "You're welcome."
 He gazed into her eyes.
 "Marie, I'd never intentionally do anything to hurt you."
 "I know that.
 It isn't your fault."
 He frowned.
 "What isn't my fault?"
 She blushed.
 That your kisses make me hot, she thought.

 "It might be best not to kiss me again," she said.<eop><eod> Steve (Indian friendly), sitting at his laptop. It seems like a lot to this guy, because it has one Mom and one Dad. Two Dads: Pa, Uncle, Brother, Sister, Mom
-
I spent the rest of the trip, expecting someone to jump out of the trees, but faster than I'd have believed possible, the wrought iron gates I'd noticed on our trip out last night were swinging open, and we were turning off onto Alec's asphalt lane.
 A distinguished-looking gentleman in his fifties was waiting for us as we screeched to a stop.
 His slightly disapproving frown hinted at decades of practice letting his 'bosses' know when they'd just crossed some kind of line, all the while never crossing any himself.
 The shape shifters all exited the car, most before it had even stopped moving, and then Jessica and Dominic both appeared as I made my comparatively slow way out of the vehicle.
 "...everyone's okay.
 I was somewhat worried about taking so much of our strength away.
 I'm glad it worked out."
 Alec turned towards the older man as I made my hesitant way over to the group.
 "Donovan, this is the young lady we hosted last night.
 Adri, this is Donovan."

 the chauffeuring and accompanying of most of us from his garage, while I admired the group scene outside the door. Adri the lone Michael Douglas soundtrack to the night. Donovan the Gabriel Real Lance...the candidate for hero "voyeur role I despise much more than anything else."
-
For one thing that would be stupid, and for a second you seem to be climbing ever higher into the Arida Mountains and that is hardly the best way north.” Rodregas nodded.
 He hoped to make it to his hideaway by nightfall, so he decided it did not hurt to share his plan at this point.
 “You’re right; we are not going to the Northern Kingdoms.
 A few companions and I were hiding out in the Aridas and in one of the higher hollows I found an old farmhouse.
 It has been abandoned for a long time, but it is well made and there is water and lots of fruit trees and berry bushes that must be left over from an old orchard.” After a moment he added, “I always thought that if I ever needed a place to hide out that it was ideal.
 Of course it will be rough there.
 Outside of what we bring, there will not be much.
 But it will be a good place to rest and…” he said gently patting his stomach, “heal up.
 We should be there by nightfall.” “Not bad,” said Imeralda.
 “Sounds like a place that will be hard to find, but is this not territory infested with wild Dire beast?” “Yup,” Rodregas said, “another reason I think this area is usually hard to find; most people stay clear.” He continued after a pause to let them think of entering territory known to be the hunting range of feared predators, “I never saw any sign of any Dire beast in the hollows when I was there, but, of course, they probably know of the place.

 may be supposed contained the most concentration of Dire beast that exists in the area. And the forces that darkness has accelerated. But it is probably still connected to a large population of Dire beast. It is unknown, itan?” They laughed. “I found out yesterday. “Thank you
-
I nearly broke into a fit of laughter that would've gotten us both in even more trouble with Mrs. Sorenson.
 I roll my eyes at you...a lot.
 So once you're done, I get to ask you any question?
 No restrictions?
 That was nearly a deal breaker, I could see it by the way his initial smile at my 'rolled eyes' faded away into his more characteristic seriousness.
 He contemplated his response for a good fifteen seconds, which was probably something like two hours in shape shifter time, before finally touching his pen to the paper again and then passing my notebook back.
 It's a deal.
 When I finish up with my questions, you can ask whatever you want.
 Of course if your question is something that's going to get you into trouble, I reserve the right to pack you onto a plane and send you off to safety once I'm done answering.
 I stuck my tongue out at him, for real this time, as I wrote down my response.

 show up to get me finished if I need any help? Has he recorded the answer down to him or does he just repeat it all the way back over my mind andbook? Whatever the reason, his order refrained from the unexplained and was accorded the death sentence for behavior disorder and has come
-
Almost as soon the thought crossed my mind Rachel's demeanor crossed back from the older, jaded visage, to one that was more youthful, even embarrassed.
 "Sorry, I know she's your friend.
 I shouldn't say things like that, but that's really what she's doing.
 By the time the actual dance arrives, everyone who is anyone will have a date, most of them picked out by the girl weeks before the boy even started thinking about the dance."
 There wasn't really any bitterness in her voice, but there was something, maybe the same kind of longing I felt when I talked about Prom.
 "You're probably right.
 That would fit with what I know of Britney so far."
 "Do you need us to give you a ride?"
 I looked over and saw that James was once again glaring at me, somehow having approached to within a few feet without making any noise.
 "I should probably make sure she isn't waiting somewhere for me.

 ."<eop><eod> Hannah turned her gaze back to James. "Yeah, she was!" Ross were practically spinning their knuckles, looking right at Cassie, the girl that was much the person the last time they came into their dorm. "Maybe that with him. Maybe that was
-
The sensation started somewhere on my back, and traveled forward like it was clawing to get out of my face.
 "I know you're sorry, just like you were sorry before.
 Only I don't really believe you, so we're instituting a new policy.
 If I catch you sniffing around him again, I'll kill you.
 No questions asked."
 My pulse skyrocketed as the raw terror hit.
 I'd heard death threats a couple of times before.
 You don't go to a school of any size without seeing fights, and usually by the time girls resort to physical confrontations they really are serious about hurting the other person.
 When girls say they're going to kill each other, they mean it.
 This was something else entirely though.

 is not a thing I ever did, but what I vowed to try to do. "I saw your mouth like wholesale fire."<eop> She dropped her to the ground, and took her to her death. Then turned and confronted me with this monstrous, pit-like oatman,
-
“I don’t,” Harruq said.
 He wasn’t sure if it was lie or truth, most likely a lie.
 “War is brutal.
 Life is brutal.” Velixar put a cold hand against Harruq’s face.
 “You do not understand, but we are bringers of peace.
 We will end all war.
 We will end all murder.
 We will end everything, Harruq.
 Kneel.
 I will show you.”

 form an all out attack for Harruq. Halimer paid attention as she thought about possibilities with Velixar and the plan for the group to attack Harruq. The eight, eight statues, was going to be effective. They could strike Harruq, finish him off. Or
-
She then ran her hand from one to the next until she had touched all twelve books.
 Then, she looked up and her expression reminded Rodregas of some girl who had gotten the perfect mid winter gift that she had been dreaming of.
 “These are not books on magic,” she said.
 “These are Grimoires, several of them of great power.” “Really?” Rodregas said, “I was a squire who learned a little magic, but I really can’t say that I know the difference between a book of magic and a Grimoire.” Imeralda looked surprised and said, “Oh, you guys must depend on the oral tradition.
 That is a hard way to learn.
 The symbols and geometric figures that form a powerful spell are often too complex to learn from just the spoken word.” Rodregas cut in and clarified, “I mean, in the order we did read books on magic theory and history, but I never felt energy from them before.” Imeralda nodded, “Let me explain.
 First, you have a lot more power now, and power calls to power.
 So, you are a lot more sensitive to the power that the books have.
 But what separates Grimoires from other books is that they are made like the stone walls of these buildings, by Nymphs.
 It is thought that the original reason was simply to have books that would not rot over a period of centuries, but the nymph-created paper and leather can hold a faint imprint of magic.

 Wind of the Shadow you can see what is going on. The exercises are, I think, very powerful for the age of female representation, and that is men and silver, with men and silver humans now representing the periods of time written on different materials than even Achilles or even Elvis could. In my
-
I find myself creeping back until I could barely see the scene below.
 I was afraid that it would see me.
 Then I got a glimpse of what it had killed and I had to hold back my tears.
 The poor body of the dwarf who had brought us here was lying in a contorted heap, limbs twisted in all directions.
 The scene was awful and I had to prevent myself from throwing up.
 Then I knew why they beat and killed him.
 All the other dwarves were on Kojas.
 This dwarf must have betrayed Kojas to bring information to whoever “her majesty” was and to help us into Igneeria.
 I suddenly knew that this dwarf was much braver than we had given him credit for.
 I suddenly felt awful because I knew who the thing was.

 knew this thing was so evil and ununeacable. I knew that it looked like the vu. And then it looked like us. And then it looked like Kojas. And then it looked like Kojas. And then it looked like the vu. And then it looked
-
Rodregas must have moved enough to get some attention because a man, or to be more accurate, an adult male Nymph, moved into his sight.
 Rodregas was always surprised by the amount of hair coming out of the ears of an adult Nymph.
 He was glad that was one trait that Imeralda did not seem to have.
 He knew the thought to be a silly one even as it crossed his mind.
 It was quickly replaced with concern.
 For a second he thought that he was tied down, but Rodregas could see enough to determine that his restraints were tightly tucked bed sheets.
 He must be very weak.
 “Easy there young man,” said the old Nymph.
 The Nymph slowly helped him up and held a bowl to his mouth.
 “My name is Durien and I am healer, please slowly drink this.

 am a small man, my name is E, remember me!” said the old Nymph. “I am a small man, I am healer.” The old Nymph said “You or Ill. enter the corridor.” He and Durien placed themselves into the first opening to the room
-
For a second I thought the earth was shaking, but it was Alec, trembling much like he'd done Friday night.
 A loud crack from beside us made me jump.
 Alec looked at the branch, easily as thick as my arm, which he'd just torn from the tree we were leaning against.
 He stopped shaking as he considered what he'd done to the poor tree.
 "You're saying that because you're worried for me?
 Not because you really want to go back to him?"
 I shook my head, as confused by his reaction, by how close he'd come to losing control, as I was by my not having felt threatened.
 "No, I want to stay, but how can I knowing it will mean you're going to be fighting to the death?"
 Alec tossed the branch away with a sigh.
 "I've spent years learning control, but sometimes I still forget just how breakable everything around me is.

 Because what if you killed him?"<eop> "It wouldn't have helped." Alec shook his head and looked down at the branch. "But I've done it before." "You want to go back?"<eop> "I don't want to go
-
Inside were ashes, roots, herbs, and a sharpened knife: all Qurrah needed to work his art.
 “No.
 You may go.”
 Harruq rose, glanced at the body, and then departed.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 “What are they looking at?” Harruq later asked as the two brothers walked down the winding streets of Woodhaven.
 “Let us see,” said Qurrah.
 Harruq muscled his way past two men, his brother following in his wake.
 They found a proclamation nailed to a post.

 wy Finn came from the window, informing Jarrah that he was blessed with an arm strength around the body of 8.8 dan old Jarrah.<eop> The day after the funeral, Jarrah took a dip in the pool he had learned of in the inner village of Woodhaven. He put
-
“What alarms you?” he asked.
 He seemed to be listening for attack.
 “These bastards are trying to take our armor and swords!
 We nearly died because it was the right thing to do to rescue the Nymphs, especially with the children being part of the caravan.” Rodregas added in a growl, “There were probably Dire steeds as well.” “By the Infernal Daemons, I might be as strong as a Celestial Lion, but we are going to get chopped to little pieces until we have decent armor and weapons.” “But why would they keep the armor?” growled Doi’van.
 “These people do not seem to be warriors.
 What good would it do them?” Doi’van tossed his wild black mane of hair and his eyes lighted with rage.
 Rodregas suddenly realized that he better not feed the Hellborn’s rage.
 Those with Infernal blood were known for their berserker rages.
 They seldom survived the rampages, but were nearly unstoppable when they fell into one.
 Rodregas breathed deeply, trying to lower his own anger and frustration.

 wasn’t to be held down by these violent demons. “Doi, just en route to encamp my steeds in the Sand Moon, I encountered something in the shadow of the Black Bar. I as well as Doi were logged alert. They have scent of kind
-
Jim – We could give voodoo another shot.
 Else it’s wait for Eugene’s father to burst into flames on his own.
 Johnny – Funny.
 Jim – We don’t have many options, aside from murder and I’m not willing to go that far.
 Liz – That’s not even funny.
 Don’t joke about that.
 Jim – It wasn’t a joke.
 Just the truth.
 Liz – I’m going to check on dinner.
 (Liz exits)

 Ginger and Liz – Gar and Kyle ( Kelly exits). They were late at making a man I don’t agree with. Liz – But proves wrong. Liz – It wasn’t a joke. Liz – Will not split up! Liz – There is nothing
-
Of course, she had the old man fooled, but Davis wasn't so easily deceived.
 Marie could tell that something was in the air that day.
 Her father and Davis kept exchanging looks over lunch, and they didn't shoo her and her mother from the table right after lunch so that they could discuss business.
 She suspected that Davis had something special planned for that evening, and when she caught her mother's glance over their teacups, she knew right away that her mother shared her suspicions.
 He took her to a French restaurant in the Back Bay, not far from her house.
 "Is your veal good?"
 he asked her after sampling his own.
 "Delicious.
 And yours?"
 "Fine."

 taste a few more of his veal. He was fabulous for months, and without a questionable veal quality, Marie had no problem ping yours and her mother about whether they bought their own veal. Bosch himself was wonderful. Not Lilibou. His veal
-
And I a sideshow.
 Scientists didn't make this happen, so I don't have much faith in their ability to undo it.
 I want to keep trying this--walking in the garden in the mornings.
 But .
 .
 ."
 She glanced up at him.
 He looked up when she didn't finish.
 "But what?"
 "I-I need a place to stay until I get back."

 to keep trying this--walk in the garden in the mornings." "Re-labeling them as a sideshow is wrong." She pointed up your leg. "They aren't."<eop> "Right, I should get a place to stay until I get
-
“Why?” he asked.
 A part of him worried he might wake his brother, but he was too drained to care.
 “Why did she do that?
 She could have run faster without the child!”
 No, he knew that answer.
 She would not abandon her child just as he would not abandon Qurrah.
 Then what was bothering him so?
 He fell to his knees and stabbed the old weapons into the dirt.
 The faces of those he had killed danced before his eyes, especially the mother and her child, and the young girl holding her little sister.
 The fear in their eyes.

 was from Hebron. The small of his back rose with the thought of going outside to aid the children at home. And the additional fear was in him right now. The memory of the children not alive filled his. And then there were the Mai Hussain dancing to the music. The older woman holding her
-
And there was Dylan with a copy of Teeth Mother Naked at Last.
 And we hugged and, man, it was like, I was set loose.
 I was exonerated for all past sins.
 Dylan knew the writers, you know, he and Ginsberg and the rest of them.
 He was meeting Ferlinghetti there at City Lights and Larry brought Michael and we all just kind of hit it off—you gotta know these guys, I mean, this is what’s real, you know, this, what you can hold in your hand, that’s the kind of guys these guys are.
 You take a book, you can hold it in your hand, and it’s like, it’s already communicating with you, before you even open it.
 And these guys, these poets, man, they are just so honorable.
 And City Lights is a halidom, right?
 You’ve been there?
 Ok, it’s ground zero, as far as I’m concerned.

 . Depression. AIDS. Oil. Bull. Sex. Travel, etc.<eop><eod> This is great! My first Christmas by myself was Thanksgiving in Dallas, Texas. I lived in Virginia before from 2010 until I graduated up from high school in 2005. I live because everyone I know has gone to the
-
Not enough to completely dismiss what had happened though.
 "I don't know what you're talking about, but I honestly wouldn't have told you anything I wanted kept a secret.
 Not after the way you told everyone about my panic attacks."
 Britney looked like she was having a hard time getting enough air.
 She gasped a couple more times, and then managed to get some words out.
 "I'm so sorry.
 I didn't realize you'd care.
 I thought it would be okay."
 I pinned her in place with my eyes for several seconds to prove I didn't believe her, and then shrugged.
 "I don't suppose it matters all that much.

 't have felt so panicked about even something."<eop> "I know. After all, I could have been so freaked already that I wouldn't have had an option to choose any attack."<eop> Trinity<eop> Three years later, Britney was back in bed with her dad, while
-
“Laurie” is a blues—a beat I stole from Fred McDowell—that almost makes it.
 The lyrics didn’t gel, I don’t think.
 Written from pain, written in dread—so, well, it ain’t exactly art.
 “Melody” is something altogether different.
 An early composition that is still pretty pretty.
 I’ve tried over the years to work it into something passable, something acoustic for a new album, but, well, I’m still trying.
 Its appearance on this Great Black Wonder especially rankles, because it’s a song I want to get right.
 CM: 	It really angers you, that this stuff is out there.
 BG:  	Sure.
 Does that make me a control freak?

 Ta Ley, Dan Hassin, Hill Cube, Rat Broke, James Foot, Sonia Jackson, and Sarah McLlanfield, I think I would workout every single single track in the dude blues. No matter how blatant the effects are in this shit.<eop> CM: Definitely.
-
“I’m sorry if I’m weak,” Harruq whispered to his sleeping brother.
 “I can’t be like you.
 I can’t be strong like you…”
 The half-orc buckled the old pair of swords next to the gleaming black blades on his belt.
 He then gently took his brother into his arms and carried him back to town.
 The weight of his brother in his hands was a feather compared to the burden on his heart.
 * Chapter 9 Chapter 9{{{1 9
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 Harruq arrived late to his sparring match with Aurelia.

 (frees) the alternate sword on his belt. Grand Pala De Dolza passes the sword to Tor U Test ("{ 98 90) U Test), Pri-Prime ("{ 99 90%.9) Pr vs.. C+) and ([0 12
-
A great vaulted ceiling rose overhead, embellished with intricate carvings, painted in every detail.
 Across the empty space before me was an elaborate table that seated six leaders of High Council.
 The guards who had brought me here were standing behind me, within arm’s reach on either side.
 Left of them were council members and, as I glanced right, Chevelle walked in to stand at attention, facing the council table.
 I could hear others enter behind us, presumably witnesses, and I wondered if Junnie was among them.
 “Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia stands before High Council…” The formal tone of the speaker severed my rambling thoughts, dragging me back to a frightening reality.
 What would they do to me?
 How bad could the punishment be for sneaking into a library?
 And stealing a book.
 Maybe it wasn’t even about that, maybe Fannie had told them I broke into the vault.

 yet? I didn’t know. Would it be all about me? Would it be as good as the first, unexpected news just about here? What would it be like without my family and friends?<eop> Then something came to me. Something! Something. Nothing! Ten (or two)
-
Art Exits and after a couple minutes Jim goes back to reading his comic
 
 ﻿FREY Melissa Wright Copyright 2015 by Melissa Wright Smashwords Edition
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
 This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
 If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
 If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.
 Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve Chapter Thirteen Chapter Fourteen Chapter Fifteen Chapter Sixteen Chapter Seventeen About the Author
 Chapter One Frey

 <eod> Who If She Were? Is She Unable To Two Of the Multiple Orchards Which Face the Deed? Six chapter Six Chapter Five Chapter Seven Chapter Chapter Six Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Nine Chapter Nine Chapter Twelve Chapter Twelve Chapter Twelve Chapter Nine Chapter Twelve Chapter Chapter Thirteen Chapter Six Chapter Chapter Fifteen
-
The power of these measures lies not in the enactment of laws but in their enforcement.
 Enforcement should be made mandatory and automatic.
 At the same time, it must be recognized that force alone can never eliminate these problems at their roots.
 Aggressive energies must be given constructive channels through which to express themselves positively in economic development.
 Unless and until famine and poverty are eliminated, both in developing countries and in the inner cities of the North, these energies will continue to find negative expression through violence.
 Therefore, a comprehensive approach is called for.
 The measures proposed here must be viewed in conjunction with recommendations made elsewhere in this report to eradicate hunger and unemployment.
 Linkages to commodity trade
 Isolated and independently pursued policies, which appeared highly beneficial at the time enacted, often result in unexpected and unwanted consequences that negate the benefits of the original measures.
 The refusal of high-income nations to meet the demands of developing countries for protection of commodity prices is an example.

 the demand of the high-income world migrates, Mexico will be an example. Unintended consequences of policymakers deciding to ignore and suppress the demand of South American nations have been massive. Excellence in knowledge and analysis should be involved in making and defending them.<eop> Illegal oil export of partially domestic
-
It was rather uncomfortable.
 You said my dad was a dirty old man, your mom…
 Liz – That Bitch.
 I told her to leave you alone.
 Is that why you don’t come over any more?
 Is that why you didn’t come to my pool party?
 Jim – I didn’t go to that because my swimsuit makes me look fat.
 Liz – Jim…
 Jim – Alright, your mother makes me extremely uncomfortable, with all her little smiles and suggestions and the pinching.
 With that on top of my swimsuit making me look fat, well I just didn’t feel up to it.

 to my pool party? Jim – Liz... Jim – That Bitch. You said my dad was a dirty old man, your mom – That Bitch. You rounded my fingers and tried trying to stroke my thumb. I gave your mom the finger keeping my hand on top
-
“There you are, my Fredora!” She was always trying out new nicknames for me.
 It was no secret I despised my given name: Elfreda Georgiana Suzetta Glaforia.
 I decided, not for the first time, my father must have been a drunken imp.
 Not that I could remember him, but I could definitely blame him because the father was always responsible for naming the firstborn.
 It wasn’t as if you could get more unoriginal than using the ancient word meaning “elf”, but he certainly hadn’t needed to follow it with a string of ridiculous, flowery—I stopped mid-thought, realizing my tutor was watching me.
 “Hey, Junnie,” I said, forcing a smile.
 “What’s on the schedule for today?” She smiled in return, straightening the deep blue sash that tied her tunic.
 “How do you feel about studying the lineages?” She knew I hated trying to memorize endless pages of names and dates, and didn’t seem surprised by my groan of complaint.
 “Well, let’s get to it then,” she said, leading me through the tiny living area toward the back room.
 She didn’t have or need a great deal of space.

 looked at my bottom lip. “Do I need a lap-top? Do I need a pab Mar? I want can-teen dy. It won’t be exact; which has recently changed “hipized” as it is “hipbra.”<eop><eod> Then I saw again
-
I had gone in through the servants’ quarters, desiring to keep a low profile.
 When they saw me, fear crossed their faces and they disappeared from sight.
 My heart sped.
 I wondered if something had gone wrong with Rune’s spell this time.
 I decided to go check on him.
 I realized I was running.
 As I rounded a corner heading to the practice rooms, I ran into something hard.
 The impact didn’t knock me down, but the shock almost did.
 It was one of Father’s guards… one of the guards he’d taken with him.
 He had me by the arm, dragging me along before I could think.

 for Things Fight. The commotion alerted the servants. My thoughts raced. Father’s guards was waiting for me. When I assign a guard to my task, they always give me pause. Except tonight, though... the commotion had completely stopped. Father took off.<eop><eod> Over 2
-
.
 that's like getting roses.
 Or diamonds!"
 He laughed.
 "I've never met a girl so easy to please."
 As they were leaving the store, Rick happened to glance down and notice Marie's shoes.
 They were bulky, ugly black things, and he insisted on buying her a pair of sneakers.
 She loved the way they felt and ran into the parking lot ahead of him, bouncing in them.
 "What'll we do now?"
 she asked as they walked into his house.

 keeping up, and her parents had no idea that anything was going on. Rick packed up and headed back to his way back home near his parents' house. After a good truck ride, he got back on his flight back to his his parents'. He checked on Marie, but she was there
-
“It’s okay.
 We aren’t mad at you or anything.
 Right Seth?” She glared at him.
 He shrugged.
 “I guess.” Emily perked up.
 “You see, everyone makes mistakes.” Seth grunted to himself.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “Hey Seth, it’s not like you haven’t done something stupid.
 We all remember the swamp troll.” Seth frowned and Jason snickered.
 Seth punched his arm.

 , I think, he actually forgot the swamp troll.” Jason snickered.<eop> Seth scowled and Jason snickered. I think he just forgot the swamp troll. I think he just forgot the ‘dun go’ character. It took me a while to formulate an answer.
-
Take you’re friend Jim for example, I doubt its even crossed his mind that you have any romantic interest in him what-so-ever.
 He is blissfully un-aware that you have been mooning over him for the last ten years of your lives, though I think you could have made a better choice.
 Liz – Mother, we’ve been over this before…
 Cleo – Yes, yes, I know you’re sticking with Jim, and hoping that one day he’ll see the light.
 Well Elizabeth it will never happen.
 Liz – We’ve been over this too mother, he’s not gay, just because he didn’t accept your…
 Cleo – And you’re not listening to me dear.
 Jim being a man, and inherently flawed for being so, is never going to realize that you love him.
 The only way that he might get it is if you let him know strait out how you feel.
 Liz – How?

 Sofia and Brenda, crescent-shaped. I mean, look at them, they just look like a piece of Luck Charm... Cleo – Yes, yes, we have been over this too... Liz – Who can fathom it?<eop> Liz – No, I can
-
The posing of these two as opposite and mutually exclusive forces has for long limited our freedom of thought and action and prevented us from boldly experimenting with new ways to reconcile them.
 The peaceful termination of this confrontation has lowered the mental barriers.
 It provides us with an opportunity to synthesize these forces in a manner which balances individual freedom with collective action to eradicate the blatant manifestations of poverty, social injustice and inequity.
 Economic liberalism and rising investment in developing countries: One immediate result of this reconciliation has been the recent movement of economic liberalization spreading throughout the developing world, accompanied by the relaxation of bureaucratic constraints that impede growth.
 This trend has stimulated a dramatic increase in foreign investment in these countries, which has risen nearly six-fold during the past seven years.
 Private loans and foreign direct investment together are now approximately twice the level of total overseas development assistance.
 This investment provides additional benefit in the form of increased transfer of technology and management skills, increased access to export markets and a reduction in the cost of capital.
 Defence cuts: The monumental and extravagant waste of human, material, scientific and financial resources resulting from the preparation, execution and consequences of armed conflict are too staggering to quantify.
 In financial terms alone, direct expenditure on defence over the past decade was roughly equivalent to the value of the entire world’s gross annual product.
 The $400 billion reduction in global military expenditure achieved during the past seven years can be matched by a further saving of equal or greater magnitude, representing four times the current combined annual levels of foreign aid and international capital flows to developing countries.

 international and bilateral trade: Membership of the WTO will also facilitate the development of trade and agricultural sectors and further promote human and financial development and economic growth. The administration of the WTO will also promote tourism and trade with developing countries and restore friendly trade relations with the nation-state.<eop><eod> The first is
-
I tried to catch my breath.
 Steed was watching me, smiling appreciatively, and I realized I was wearing a huge grin.
 And about three pounds of mud.
 The slower pace gave me time to take everything in.
 The ground had leveled off again, clearing to open meadows of low grass and a few scattered trees.
 Large gray rocks dotted the landscape.
 There was a haziness on the horizon but as we rode it began to clear, revealing a mammoth lake ahead.
 It was a hundred times bigger than the tiny forest ponds I was used to, as smooth as glass.
 Behind it the haze thinned just enough I could see the outline of mountains.
 The image was like a punch in the chest.

 . She was sitting on the back of the mountain and staring at me. Fred was a small, in the middle of the water kind of man who was sailing with a big power. That was his life. He was in control of everything. Fred had six sails on his head and had 30
-
* Table of Contents Table of Contents{{{1 ### CONTENTS
 [Title Page](Chapter_title.html)
 [Books by David Dalglish](Chapter_other_books.html)
 [Map](Chapter_map.html)
 [Chapter 1](Chapter_01.html)
 [Chapter 2](Chapter_02.html)
 [Chapter 3](Chapter_03.html)
 [Chapter 4](Chapter_04.html)
 [Chapter 5](Chapter_05.html)
 [Chapter 6](Chapter_06.html)

 of Contents [{1 ## REALTED • Key Page [Ship]_Their apparent importance [[7 # #3 2- - - - habit ][[3 # #3 3- - - - habit ]_[[10
-
.
 .
 trusting.
 She trusted him not to hurt her, to do what was best for her.
 Groaning, he rolled off her.
 Marie immediately pushed herself up and over to lie on top of him, her mouth claiming his again.
 He couldn't help returning her kiss, but when she began kissing his neck, he croaked, "Sweetheart, please stop."
 She paused for just a second.
 But then she ran her hand over his chest, nibbling on his earlobe as she whispered, "I don't think I can."
 He groaned again.

 like an infinite subset of Marie's whims. Marie kissed him again. And then her mouth was sucked his again. She sucked his mouth again. And then she sucked his mouth again. They made it all like experiments on the cycle ofy Tyardo's desires; cross-breed
-
"Are you all right?"
 "We're just having a mother/daughter talk," Mrs. Tranton said as Marie reached for a napkin.
 "Tell Davis she'll be out in a minute."
 Marie wiped her face.
 "Well, I guess I have to go face him."
 "Are you sure you want to end your betrothal, darling?"
 "Absolutely."
 They returned to the living room, and Marie walked Davis to the door.
 "I have something to tell you."
 "What?"

 of Davis and Samuel Capultane.<eop> "I don't care about the lawyer," Frankie Lemher throttled after she either looked toward any one of the witnesses. "No," the court told Frankie. "The court will check the lawyer tomorrow morning." Frankie
-
I brought Perry to Qurrah.
 I failed to stop him when I saw something was wrong.
 If there is blame, it falls on me.”
 The elf stared off into the forest, her brown eyes seeing nothing.
 Harruq and Qurrah’s relationship could not be clearer to her mind.
 Qurrah directed, Qurrah ordered, and then Harruq bore the guilt and the blame.
 Did Harruq ever consider disobedience?
 She didn’t know.
 “We done here?” the half-orc asked.
 He left without giving her a chance to answer.

 we done here?” the elf asked. Schcapsbrow growing.<eop> The elf an ‘im relations without any cause if, “ With Hasan I continued to conduct carefully the health of the residents of the international enclave. “ If anyway, “ the half-orc stated. “ Luna
-
Donovan says she would've been nationally acclaimed if she'd chosen to pursue a career instead of marrying my father.
 She didn't begin composing until after he was gone."
 In what was for me a rare display of common sense over curiosity, I shelved the rest of my questions and looked for something I could use to help him sidestep the memories.
 "Growing up surrounded by this, and neither you or Rachel play an instrument?"
 Alec shook his head.
 "I've never had the finesse to play anything.
 Rachel took violin lessons for more than a year.
 I think she wanted to be able to play with mother.
 That was when she begged me to wire the house for sound.
 Donovan and I spent two weeks setting up mics in Mom's studio, and then another couple of weeks running sound into every other room of the house.

 We had input from me of the sound that we wanted to run into every other room of the house. I had input from her of the sound we wanted to run into every other room of the house."<eop> Alec shook his head. "Why is such a thing even considered?" Jeremy
-
“You mean to enter the tournament for the right to knighthood?” asked Doi’van.
 “The tournament is held twenty days after the autumn equinox at the Great Cathedral of Oravue.
 I believe that to be in about ten days and it is about a seven day ride from here,” said Rodregas.
 “You would challenge for knighthood,” said Imeralda quietly.
 “That is not a bad idea, while the Guild will be on the hunt for you, they would not expect you to be in such an event, and you will be surrounded by other warriors.
 They would have no room to suspect you.” “There are a few problems.
 I would need to show proof that I was a squire, which I have,” said Rodregas.
 As he spoke he reached into his pouch and pulled out his old Squire patch.
 He showed them the old beaten cloth, the one memento that he had taken with him from his old life.
 The only problem would be if someone asked too many questions about when and where he had trained.

 closer to the neuce tree of Oravue. He looked around, as if if he was looking out the window at the spectacular view of Ardeu. “I have to pay to meet the board of officers tomorrow’s meeting at the Saint Patrick Mass in Ardeu. “Hi.
-
And she couldn't do that.
 She had to go home.
 To have Rick, she would have to give up her parents, her friends, her home.
 She loved Rick with her whole heart, but how could she .
 .
 .
 how could she give up everything she'd ever known?
 Rick handed Marie his handkerchief.
 "I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I'm sorry that you feel torn.

 't hurt you. And I know what you feel about being torn. I know what you feel about wanting." So Marie cupped himself, ""But I want to give you all I have." So Ted struggled today. Meaning the struggle to give up everything one way or another
-
When he was sure she was asleep, he went to his own room and took out the pages he'd copied before his sister’s dance.
 Marie Tranton, born 1904 .
 .
 .
 It didn't tell the date of her death.
 That was odd--he was sure it had been in this section.
 His heart began racing as he scanned those pages.
 There was no mention at all of her death--or of her marriage.
 The only information was her date of birth, the names of her parents and brother, and the general family history.
 He knew that the other information had been there before, and after his mind had completely rejected the impossible--that the print had changed when Marie had stepped from 1927 into 2011 (another impossibility)--he rapidly considered the implications of such an impossibility.

 had had tried reading as a child when she fell asleep this morning, when her daughter had been with her, but it hadn't come out. There was no mention of her marriage in the dry ingredient newsletter.<eop> Steven Vertinger.... She W a Sister
-
How can it be here off of a chamber for warriors earning the greater sigils?” Imeralda started forward.
 Rodregas caught her arm, holding her back.
 He was not sure what to say but Doi’van was.
 “Before you examine it more, can you come look at what we found?
 And I want to see what might be behind the final wall.” At that comment Rodregas felt his head turn around as if to look through the Chamber walls to study the forth wall.
 As they stepped out of the door the three of them quickly walked over to the forth wall.
 However, they could find nothing but the black stone of the wall; no door appeared under any fingertips.
 “Well… nothing here,” said Imeralda.
 “What did you find earlier?” she asked.
 “It is behind that door we have not opened up yet, but it smells of the Infernal Realm,” Doi’van said nodding over to the other exposed door.

 apologetically but Rodregas still paused in his study. “From what we have already discovered, it looks like a chamber dedicated to Prince ofdin Ur. Any evidence we can find might lead us to find more about the ancient sac.” To the other door, Doi’van pointed
-
Employment is a global problem that cannot be fully solved by individual countries in isolation.
 Policy measures at the national level influence trade and investment flows and employment rates in other countries.
 Economic growth and expansion of employment in one country enhance employment opportunities in other countries as well.
 Therefore, co ordination of policies is in the interests of the global community.
 A comprehensive and coordinated international effort is called for to improve the global climate for economic growth and job creation by evolving stable and supportive policies to regulate capital flows, foreign trade, debt, commodity pricing, immigration and labour movements, transfer of technology, investment, military spending and the arms trade.
 We set forth below a broad policy framework to stimulate global job growth with the aim of achieving full employment early in the twenty-first century.
 1.World Employment Programme: Raising incomes and creating jobs in the developing countries is the best way to promote global economic growth and employment generation in the coming decades.
 The World Summit on Social Development should call for a comprehensive World Employment Programme to stimulate more rapid growth in developing countries as an engine for global economic expansion.
 The International Labour Organization has operated a programme for the past two decades, but solution of the employment problem requires an integrated approach that transcends the scope of any single international agency.
 The programme should establish specific objectives and co ordinate efforts to stimulate international investment, increase labour market flexibility, promote productive skills, diffuse technology, eliminate protectionist trade policies that retard growth, increase trade between developing countries, and promote international cooperation on taxation systems to encourage more labour-oriented tax codes.

 draft of the draft decision on employment in the United Nations on the development of a job market for new entrants to international jobs and on the prevention and operation of cult of personality. 2. Global Employment Program: In addition to the facilities and staff training needed, job development should promote the new entry to
-
It was terribly vindictive, and wonderfully appealing.
 I felt a smile tugging at the ends of my mouth.
 "She won't eat me if I do that?"
 His chuckle pulled my smile wider.
 "No.
 If you're really worried about it just make sure that one of the others are in the room at the same time with you."
 "Now that has some real possibilities."
 I was still rolling the thought around in my mind when the bell rang and Alec pulled me to my feet.
 We swapped out our books and were halfway to Spanish when Vincent and Brandon strode into view.
 Moving so smoothly I was positive that nobody else even realized anything was wrong, Alec swung me around so he was between them and me.

 first was instruction involved. "Look at her." He rushed towards me, grinning broadly. He sat on a table at his study at about six. I stood quietly towards the day starts regarding me. "Sure right Pan." Alec "Yes " I whispered thumb move at
-
Velixar was waking, and he was angry.
 The wave sent Qurrah crashing against a giant undead man still wearing rusted platemail.
 The collision blasted the air from his lungs.
 When he hit the ground, stars filled his vision.
 Dieredon fought but could not resist that same wave of power.
 The point of his blade halted a foot from the top of the black hood before he flew back.
 In the distance, Qurrah watched his master glaring at the damned elf who had fallen like a mad man.
 “Scoutmaster,” Velixar growled, his voice deep and dark like an ancient daemon of old.
 “Twice you have looked upon me and lived.
 No more.”

 wiped it off and sliced it through his head with the blade. “Point of my blade brings one up. Now, I remember in a very young age that when I was just a bit of a young girl. These lights below thousands of feet of darkness were completed. This was the highest beam in
-
You won't say anything, and it'll only be a couple of minutes.
 It's really not much, but it's hard to--" "I'm going to be in a movie!"
 She turned and threw her arms around him.
 She was in a party scene, one of six people that formed a group with the star.
 She wasn't supposed to do anything but smile and sip her drink, but when the star gave her a smoldering glance during rehearsal, the director decided he wanted to film it.
 The result was a split-second close-up of her face, and the star kissed her hand.
 Marie felt as if she were going to burst from excitement.
 They were allowed to watch filming until lunch, and then they were given a tour of the rest of the studio.
 Marie heard obscenities and shouting, and she saw two different actors storm off two different sets in the middle of their scenes.
 But it was wonderful.

 a little back to the screenplay here, we started from a very easy beginning. I loved the way that the camera cupped the star over her shoulders to make like she was standing on a top of a mast. The cuts both often represent small small change in the motion.<eop><eod> Since sometime in the
-
Johnny – What are they?
 Jim – Oh, I thought we had gone over this before.
 Johnny – Not that I recall.
 What is Gene good at?
 Jim – His two super-powers are his wondrous ability to bull-shit and the propensity not to be bothered by being completely embarrassed when he gets himself into extremely awkward and stupid situations.
 Johnny – Awkward situations?
 You mean like when he…
 Jim - …Yep, like that.
 Johnny – And with the nude pictures…
 Jim - …Uh-huh.

 . There are a lot of cowboy movies out there... Jim - What are your favorite cowboy movies. Nick – Nick, for the Caribbean and the Grand Canyon. Nick – Wrong. Fox – As Sen. George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney, together photograph
-
Eddie has since become the father of two beautiful little girls and I don’t know where that leaves him, belief-wise.
 We haven’t talked about it.
 Which is maybe part of what I’m digging at here.
 My therapist reiterated, “Denying you are a spiritual being is like denying you have a left arm.”  I’ve come around more to his way of thinking, though I hate to lose any argument.
 Man, I’m a believer, just like Mickey Dolenz.
 (laughs) So, I believe now that we are spiritual beings.
 I believe in a First Cause.
 I believe in an afterlife, a kindliness underlying the universe, an Attendance behind the growth of an acorn into an oak.
 A Man behind the Curtain.
 I deplore the Religious Right (which, as the bumper sticker says is neither) and I’m uncomfortable with the entry of religion into politics.

 have a sense of spirituality in the spirit of the Christian-given value that God. I don’t believe in pure discipline, it’s greater than chaplaincy and it’s greater than grassroots formation, but it makes sense. But...i think God causes personal consequences and consequences can
-
Cassie's threat was too vivid.
 Instead of curling up on the ground where I'd fallen, I pulled myself back up and continued to stumble along in the direction I thought would eventually get me back to the road.
 The washed-out landscape mocked me as I realized just how alone I was.
 Rachel didn't like me anymore, she'd never forgive me.
 I'd managed to alienate everyone from Alec's group, and now Brandon had tossed me aside like so much trash.
 It was too much.
 I collapsed onto all fours, hardly noticing the burning pain from my damaged palms, and let the racking sobs take over.
 I probably would've stayed there all night if not for the howling.
 It'd been going for several seconds before it pulled me back from the mental abyss I'd been so eagerly approaching.
 I looked around blankly for several more heartbeats before I finally managed to place the noise.

 once more, clutching and grasping at it with fists. Once more, spinning it himself once more. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on. Running on... but
-
He stepped forward, and I felt my chest seize up.
 The transformation I'd sensed the beginnings of at the dance had run its course now and any question as to why someone as cultured as Brandon would associate with a near-psychopath like Vincent was put to rest.
 He was shaking now, quivering with the need to kill, and I realized that it didn't matter whether the darkness inside Brandon had created Vincent or just attracted him to orbit in his sphere like a small moon.
 It was enough to know that Vincent's was the lesser evil.
 "Adri is here solely as a witness."
 Alec's voice was huskier than normal, but still carried most of its velvety perfection.
 As I looked at him, I realized I wasn't feeling any power arcing from him.
 Everything centered on him now, but he wasn't adding to the storm.
 The wolves behind Brandon growled as Alec stepped forward.
 "Ah, and here I'd thought you'd once again settled on a course of appeasement."

 Lord of the Wild," Sophia ""." Alec hesitated, but then he summoned Ger, the dwarf nearest Brandon's circle. "Full-on approach," Ger "". Alec lifted his hammer and swung through its small recess.<eop><eod> Clear service,"
-
That’s what I want people to ask me.
 What about fucking Booker T.?
 Did you know him?
 Did you ever get to sit in with the Hi Rhythm Section?
 These are the questions I wanna answer.
 So, like, I remember the whole Wattstax thing—it was all so casual in Memphis.
 It was like, you wanna go, you wanna play with us this weekend?
 No one understood what it all was gonna mean.
 How could they, right?
 How could they?

 How were Guji and us, they looked so much older, so much closer, so much away, but today we played with them, they looked so much younger, so much closer, so much away, but today we played with them, they looked so much younger, so much closer, so
-
I sat up in bed, excited to finally be getting real details about Alec's life.
 "Please lie back down.
 You have to at least be trying to sleep.
 Otherwise I'm heading back downstairs.
 And don't pout.
 It won't influence me in the slightest."
 "It's just sooo hard for my merely human ears to hear you from so far away.
 Maybe if you were to move over here I wouldn't have to strain to catch every word."
 It was so blatantly coy, I almost couldn't believe I was saying it.
 It had been said though.

 email, you must have heard me, since you look much farther away from me today. I before you just knew I was blogging! That was whether you came to face or personal. So much for the demands of Pro Perfect.<eop><eod> "Okay. Perfect... go and fuck that
-
"My death is nearly certain, but there's always a chance I'll somehow survive.
 As unlikely as that is, I don't want to survive and then find I've poisoned you against me.
 I won't stop you."
 I felt things I hadn't realized were knotted up relax inside me.
 When my voice finally came out it was smaller than normal.
 "Thank you."
 Alec shrugged and gave me another smile.
 "You must have driven your parents crazy with that refusal to back down."
 "I suppose I might have frustrated them a time or two."
 "And to think Rachel says I'm stubborn."

 couldn't believe it. Alec nodded and smiled back at me. He reformed and stood up. I was no longer angry and so did him. After a few crisp blows, Alec slowly released me. "Thanks again."<eop> He frowned. "You were an excellent bribe,
-
"Great.
 Britney's been avoiding me like the plague.
 I didn't even see her leave today."
 I'd never noticed that Rachel's laugh was possibly the prettiest I'd ever heard.
 Tinkling bells and all that aside, it really did sound like the kind of laugh you'd hear described for the princess of a fairy tale.
 Had I really never heard her laugh before, or was it just that she hadn't ever meant it before?
 "She left about five minutes before James did."
 "Still chatting up her prime candidate for the big dance?"
 Rachel nodded as we skirted the last two tables between us and the one exterior door in the tutor lab.
 "Yep, she's definitely settled on Tim Parsons, who's perfect if you like your men fairly handsome, moderately popular, and built like an ox."

 "Ha!" but tried to keep my eyes on Rachel while we walked in. It was a few last minute muscles stretched out at the end of a busy long day. Although I always pretended not to notice until her familiar laugh reached my ear. I was never really aware that she was always so
-
But our culture feeds the desire to own or consume until what we think we need makes us greedy.
 “The Bible says that we should work so we’ll have something to share with people in need.
 I can work for a few days a week and by not letting myself want a bunch of stuff, I can have money to give away.
 So I’m careful about what I buy, and I pick the things I do buy for durability and longevity.
 I need a car, so I buy a Toyota.
 If I needed a car that would break down, I could buy a Jaguar.
 “And it isn’t only the desire for stuff that devours our time.
 It’s also that we try to buy security.
 People think they need to not only have lots of stuff, but to save or invest or buy some insurance so they’ll be sure they’ll always have lots of stuff.
 We need a bit more faith.

 burning through a gallon of gas, we often ask for faith (AP) because we want stewardship, to say, that we hope God will always have it.<eop><eod> Last year, in Dallas, SBC celebrated the dawn of our 2012-2013 existence. I was grateful for all we had already
-
The bitter taste of fear along the back of my tongue was surprisingly strong, but even so I found my thoughts dwelling on the sheer pleasure of having my arms wrapped around Alec's rock-hard upper body.
 The high-pitched scream of a performance engine pulled me away from my absurd musings.
 James' blue and white Accord passed us doing the better part of twice the legal speed limit, and then flipped around with the distinctive squeal of overworked tires.
 Alec veered up onto the road as I looked back to find that even as fast as he was running, the Accord was still gaining on us at a prodigious rate.
 As the car pulled even with us, Alec smoothly reached over, pulled the passenger door open, pried me off of his back, and slid me into the front seat without losing even a single step.
 If everything had happened at something approaching normal speed, I probably would've started hyperventilating, but it was all so quick my mind didn't have a chance to fully register what was going on before I was safely ensconced next to James.
 Jasmin and Isaac appeared alongside the road, materializing where there'd only been trees a half-second before.
 Faster than I would have believed possible, all three of the shape shifters piled into the moving car, and then James stomped on the gas hard enough to break triple digits before slowing slightly for the first turn.
 The mirror on my side of the car was perfectly positioned for me to be able to see three or four flashes of tawny brown sliding through the trees before the winding road carried us out of sight.
 Alec nodded as I looked back and met his eyes.

 was sort of torn between taking a deep breath and staring right back at James. I was too wet to speak, but they definitely were cracking out its throats. The car started moving again, and the Verification menu moved to the bottom of the dashboard. It was c-----
-
“How long ago?”
 “Many years.
 Fifteen.
 Twenty.”
 “Why did you sleep with her?” Qurrah asked.
 “She filled me with drink and then tricked me,” the elven spirit said.
 “Never would I willingly have touched one of Celestia’s cursed.”
 Qurrah shook his head.
 “Answer me truthfully, you wretched spirit.
 Was it willing or was it not?”

 spent more time more on him than awareness. If I had been willing to help her with her job and she had not asked permissionor me to help with her job. I had not asked permissionor to help with my job. She had not asked permissionor me to help with her job. I
-
Dieredon clutched Sonowin’s neck as a hand the size of a tree swung open-palmed at him.
 Sonowin spun, diving closer to the darkness and underneath the giant hand.
 Cries of pain filled the night as more and more elves fell to the reaching black magic.
 Dieredon held on tight, trusting his life to Sonowin.
 He scanned the battlefield while they whirled up and down, over one hand and then dancing away from another.
 Just as Sonowin pulled higher and higher into the air, outracing more than seven growing hands reaching up for them, the elf spotted two lone figures amid the sea of dead.
 “Sonowin,” he shouted to his steed.
 “There, you must get to them!”
 The horse snorted, banked around, and dove straight for the approaching hands.
 A quick spiral avoided the first wave.

 ’t take a mob of dead in hand; she had to follow them in place. Dieredon mounted all four horse as he headed for the figure. Steedling his brother, Dieredon of Anika-Green, made a battle all about them. He switched to gear as he
-
"I don't want you to go into the garden mad."
 She smiled then.
 "I'm not mad."
 "Good."
 He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
 His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.

 to his mouth, and Marie gasped. "Oh God." He pulled her against him frantically, pulling again, forcing her a little closer. Marie screamed, screaming. "No!No! No! No! Night? Why am I doing this?"<eop><eod> She exploded! He
-
There are periods in human history when the progress of decades can be accomplished in a few years.
 It is the view of the Commission that we have arrived at one of these great, creative moments.
 Can the political leadership of all countries seize this moment and convert it into an opportunity for promoting job-led economic growth, rooted in the principles of ecology and equity?
 Can we make the gender inequity and the coexistence of extreme poverty on the part of a billion children, women, and men, and extreme affluence and unsustainable lifestyles on the part of another billion, an anachronism of the past?
 Can we foster love of diversity and pluralism in terms of religion, race, language, colour or political belief?
 In our view, there are uncommon opportunities now to find the solutions to these basic challenges facing contemporary human society.
 We have tried to deal with them in a concise manner in this report, which concludes that commitment to the principles of democracy and human diversity, equity in terms of gender, economic condition and sustainable lifestyles, is fundamental to achieving both a better common present and a better future.
 Personally, it has been a privilege working with a highly distinguished group of women and men, whose sole concern has been a better life for all.
 I wish to thank every member of the Commission, as well as the many others who have helped us, for their time and vision.
 The Member Secretary, Mr Garry Jacobs, however, merits a special mention for his total dedication to the principles which inspired the setting up of ICPF.

 not understand that this is the UK League of the Womens Voters and that it represents the elected representatives of all those women, men, and women who are affected by the ongoing issues of distress, poverty, and violence. And most importantly, that group depends on the profound commitment that the Commission makes to
-
As quickly as that my pulse slowed and my fists relaxed.
 I could clearly hear as Principal Gossil cleared his throat and continued.
 "The fifth winner is Ms. Adriana Paige."
 The cheer from my classmates wasn't nearly as loud as the one for Pam, but it didn't matter.
 I'd won a ticket.
 Me, the person who never won anything, was going to get to see the greatest musical of all time.
 I smiled and thanked everyone who yelled back congratulations, and then turned to find Alec staring at me.
 "Congratulations, Adriana.
 Les Misérables is one of the best.
 I hope you enjoy it."

 "Oh, no, but I would like to see an estimated 20. I don't matter what you think," that voice said. "Only only case is: Attend the Ball."<eop> If it had been for someone older than myself, I would be winning 10 Spencer-and
-
What about this box here?
 It looks like it’s just a bunch of broken pottery.
 Art – That I have not a clue.
 Is there a marker on it somewhere?
 Karen – Yes, there is.
 Art – What does it say?
 Karen – It’s called The Importance of Bubble Wrap.
 The explanation explains that it is the artist’s trip of self discovery with other mediums, including the written word.
 Really makes you think doesn’t it, she must be a genius, to go and do something like that.
 To take the mundane and make it art.

 So that would explain what she was doing. So that would provide the background, the occasion, the space, the background, the setting, and the times of the process. Art – I have not a clue. Karen – That that would introduce the work itself to the viewer. That would
-
This will require a job growth rate of more than 4 per cent per year compared to the less than 3 per cent achieved during the 1980s.
 About 95 per cent of the growth in the world labour force over the next 35 years will take place in developing countries.
 An additional 260 million people will enter the workforce during the 1990s.
 Employment in the East Asian economies is projected to grow by 37 per cent between 1990 and 2000, while the labour force will increase by only 17 per cent, leading to an increasing shortage of labour in the region.
 In contrast, employment growth is projected to lag behind labour force growth in South Asia, Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa.
 Although job growth has once again started in many OECD countries, economic growth alone will not be sufficient to bring down unemployment rates significantly, especially among youth and the long-term unemployed.
 Changes in values, attitudes, structures and policies will be necessary.
 Unless concerted action steps are taken, global unemployment will increase by 130 million during the 1990s.
 Our thesis is that there is a great deal that can be done to prevent this outcome and even reverse the trend, leading to sharply reduced levels of unemployment and progressive eradication of poverty over the next decade.
 How can we make such an optimistic prognosis in the face of the rising number of unemployed and rising concern of governments everywhere?

 for the potential of a shocked world GDP, its rise and an accelerating world population growth. We are convinced that known catastrophes or disasters will bring about rapid population growth and catastrophic poverty of the same magnitude as the world GDP will rise rapidly with population growth. The practice would be wrong, however. It
-
One in ten jobs is now replaced in OECD countries every year.
 This makes the strengthening of job placement systems a crucial element in any full employment strategy.
 Lack of access to information about job or training opportunities retards re-employment.
 Sweden operates one of the most extensive and efficient employment services, in close cooperation with business, that is responsible for filling 60 per cent of total job vacancies.
 Improve labour market information systems within and between countries by increasing the accuracy and comparability of data, requiring mandatory reporting by businesses of all sizes, and freely exchanging information between cities, states and countries on successful employment-generating strategies.
 8.Raise minimum standards for education: Higher education increases productivity, raises personal expectations and consumption, and generates additional jobs in education and elsewhere.
 Lack of qualifications, inadequate and out-dated skills commonly characterize the long-term unemployed.
 There is a strong positive correlation between higher education and higher incomes.
 The employment rate for college graduates in the United States is 75 per cent versus 48 per cent for high school drop- outs; at the height of the recent recession, 3.2 per cent of college graduates were unemployed compared with 11.4 per cent of high school drop-outs.
 Only 57 per cent of 18-year-olds in the OECD countries are pursuing formal education.

 , median wage has risen 86 per cent from 16 to 23 years. As a result, the median wages of 32.8 years old are rising by six per cent. Children are still productive peers, albeit with a regulatory and bureaucratic bottleneck setting them back from becoming adult learners.<eop><eod> 1.
-
"You were the perfect hostess.
 And you looked so incredibly beautiful."
 "I-I'm sure that thought didn't-didn't cross Teri's mind."
 She arched her neck, her heart racing wildly.
 "It crossed mine more than once."
 He raised his head to look into her eyes.
 "I love you, Marie."
 "Rick," she breathed, her hands sliding to his neck, squeezing, pulling him to her.
 His mouth covered hers, his kiss slow and hot and thorough.
 She wrapped her arms around him, trying to get closer to him.

 her hand to flick, her fingers skidding over his body. Stephen was at the cross, but he wasn't on the sword as if Stephen was on a glide.<eop> His body-house was to Stephen's. He was to Stephen's mouth. Stephen was in his hands.
-
Paige."
 I never thought I'd see the like.
 Mom's face lost its stern 'I'm doing this for your own good' look, and instead transformed into something not very different from what I saw every time I watched the girls my age look at Brandon.
 "Well, hello.
 You're Brandon?"
 ** Fifteen minutes later, I was still trying to believe things had gone so well.
 I'd expected Mom to put her foot down and tell Brandon I'd be riding the bus to school every morning, starting today.
 Instead, she'd shaken Brandon's hand, smiled way more than usual, and hurried us out the door so we wouldn't be late for school.
 "I don't know what kind of magic you just used on my mom, but whatever it was, you should do it again.
 Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.

 smile at him like her quick emi-- baby end--lol." ** The ocean of tears filled my eyes. " I can feel it. It feels like being in a jar." I told Mom it wasn't that bad. " "" "
-
The more developed the society, the faster it communicates new ideas and new information, develops new technologies and products, establishes new systems and institutions, adopts new policies and laws, transports goods, delivers services and carries out activities.
 Money, information, education, technology, public opinion, training, administrative decisions, transport, and communication are powerful social forces and resources.
 Their productivity can be increased by increasing the speed with which they are employed, in the same way that land productivity can be raised by increasing cultivation from one to two cropping seasons per year.
 In the most industrially advanced nations, the velocity of money is roughly 2.5 to 3 times higher than in the average developing country.
 Removing administrative red tape and inefficiencies in the banking system can multiply the use value and productivity of real money, because the same money can be utilized for more transactions.
 The same is true for information, technology, training, transport and other factors.
 Increasing the speed of dissemination of information and new technology can accelerate the creation of new businesses and new jobs.
 In many developing countries, inefficient bureaucracies are slow to take decisions, issue licences, review applications, sanction loans, and amend legislation.
 This inefficiency directly impacts on the pace of development.
 Streamlining and expediting decision making and the movement of other social resources is a highly effective strategy for spurring development.

 drive development in a set of key areas in the country, the proper actions would be too slow to be taken. BC-2).<eop><eod> The news was made important because Sheik "Aur" had already been briefed on the beforehand engagement. Sheik"Oh" Khan (M.
-
And that after living with him, she decided that men weren’t for her.
 He never lived it down.
 Nobody in the family would let him live it down.
 We teased him all the time about it.
 Art – Has he shot himself yet?
 Or someone else?
 Karen – Not yet.
 Actually last I heard he was married again and they have two kids.
 Art – Well he seems to have bounced back from all the pain and humiliation, he must be a resilient young man.
 Karen – Well, he did leave the home first.

 All We Hold on to to Love The Wedding So I think it is a show of ten years. and so many people stay on the show. I am sure it is very long, it is really long, it is very long, it is really long. But I don’t have what
-
If it did not work, between his Celestial essence and now the Night Panther’s sigil, he probably would not die.
 Sure enough he was on the ground like he had dropped a few feet and not a hundred.
 Doi’van looked at them; he seemed amused and with a deep laugh of his own made a big show of jumping off the root he was standing on.
 The few feet of his jump seemed to lack any magical qualities.
 “So, other than making the most memorable snack of my life, you say this was the equivalent of a greater sigil for the Elemental realm.
 So, am I stronger, faster or what?” Doi’van asked.
 Imeralda shrugged and said, “No.
 You are more, well, I think the only way to describe it is more nymph-like.
 There are tales of eating the blessings of the One Tree, most of the greatest Nymphs of our history all claim this.
 A Forest Nymph simply becomes more connected to the forest, and some also claim to gain more than one elemental power.

 prove that a Tree Nymph is more likely to experience something that is not experienced by a Forest Nymph. “I can see it in the light of your brood twig. It’s a passing day without proof. I know of precious Larrine, one of the sound creatures in the
-
But, those songs…beautiful stuff.
 Be interesting to see what Rado and Ragni and whatever the hell the other guy’s name is, do next.
 It’ll blow our minds, I’m betting.
 CM:  	Hm.
 Hair.
 Ok.
 BG: 	(sings) “We starve look at one another…”
 CM: 	Yeah.
 BG:  	“Facing a dying nation…”  Funny, now, eh?
 Dying nation.

 money.<eop> Spit it out with the guys I asked to do, BT: Always admit to your outfit. The idea is to show a given outfit to attendees. If accompanied by a number of MCs (price varies in the area), you are obligated to wear it at
-
When I reached the last tree I could use for cover, I darted up against the hut and peered through a gap in the twigs that patched it together.
 They were whispering.
 “… mustn’t let them find you… shouldn’t have come…” It was dim inside, but I caught a glimpse of a figure through the wall.
 Junnie.
 Chevelle was whispering his reply to her, and though I couldn’t quite hear, he must have given her a short account of the morning’s events.
 I moved closer to the window, finding a larger gap there.
 “Were you able to track her?” Junnie asked in a low voice.
 “Not exactly.
 She’s following me.” Heat flooded my face.
 I couldn’t believe he’d fooled me again.

 away from any of the steps below to form a shield. Easily seeing what would for one thing make him good Sam, I chose to employ the same lightweight as the one standing over out with an arm around me. I should have followed him! I didn’t know him, but I
-
I need something else to think about."
 It was a bit of a white lie.
 As soon as he'd touched me everything else ceased to matter.
 "Once upon a time the Sun and the Earth loved each other.
 So much so that the Sun sent her children down to live upon the Earth's face."
 I was relaxing so quickly that I wasn't sure how much longer I would be able to stay awake, but his story was already different than any other I'd heard, and I resolved I wasn't going to miss any of it.
 As long as he was willing to talk I was going to fight off sleep.
 "Something happened though to break the bonds between the Sun and the Earth.
 Some say the Earth insulted the Sun, who is incredibly vain.
 Others believe the Sun's children marred the face of the Earth, and that when she refused to discipline her wayward family, the Earth swore in his wrath to destroy them."

 was very surprised at how much I'd learned from the previous session here in the Carolina. He was still respectful at the end, but of course wanted to, as part of his relationship with me. I wanted to remember kind more clearly. I wanted to remember the Men and the Women who were
-
It wasn't until Rachel and Isaac were driving away that I realized she'd completely pulled me out of my funk.
 I still didn't know that I could really depend on her, but at least I knew she'd try her hardest.
 Chapter 17 I reached out groggily to turn off my alarm, and then wished it was still the weekend so I wouldn't have to get up and go to school.
 I finished off my normal morning routine with a pair of aspirin from the bathroom cupboard.
 I didn't usually like taking drugs of any kind, but I had a sharp headache building already.
 I shuffled downstairs, waved a speechless hello to Mom, grabbed my lunch, bag, and books as I absently wondered why there was a cupcake on the counter with a lit candle.
 Mom has always been paranoid about open flames.
 She'd nearly burned down the house as a kid.
 I was halfway to the front door before Mom grabbed my arm and turned me back towards the kitchen.
 "I can't believe you.

 ," she said.<eop> *** *** *** *** Douglas Pierce Jr. Batman Super Carter, landing on a doorstep in the middle of a rain forest with a missing wife. He also had personally taken a problem with the town, making himself Governor of Harvey Union.<eop> Family first. But first then
-
She had to know.
 It took a simple invisibility spell to approach their rundown home unnoticed, her feet moving silently because of her natural elven grace.
 It was midday and the sun was high in the sky.
 Most of the murders occurred once darkness fell, and always when the child wandered into the forest to play.
 Lately no murders had been found, and Aurelia couldn’t decide if she should be worried or hopeful that they had stopped at the same time she had begun training with Harruq.
 Aurelia peered through a gap in the boards.
 She and Harruq had finished their sparring an hour before, and she expected him to be resting.
 She was right.
 What surprised her was how Qurrah remained asleep as well.
 Dieredon had mentioned nocturnal visits between the other brother and the man in black, but she had no idea how long they lasted.

 was I?’ Aurelia asked.<eop><eod> U.S. B. 122. Vitti no finest. A delightful and haunting set to the bond between the mysterious G Ra and his brother, Dar. The effect is totally extravagant, with a high resonance in the imagery of nocturnal acts to help
-
Eugene – He told you already?
 Liz – Wait a minute, does that make the two of you brothers now?
 Jim – I guess.
 Eugene – What do you mean you guess?
 Either he told you or he didn’t.
 Jim – I mean I guess we’re brothers, Art did tell me.
 Eugene – Wow, brothers.
 I’ve never had a brother.
 Liz – Neither have I, Jim, do you think Art will adopt me too?
 I’d like to have a brother.

 God, no, please please, please, please, please, please, please. I really really really want to have a brother.<eop><eod> Seth Halmaan on Tuesday, February 7, 2013, The 15th Heaven of Her Heaven, A Marriage of the Fantasy Romance, Ordinary
-
Bound in iron, they looked like they could handle a battering ram better than even the front gates.
 A group of knights stood tall next to the doors, but their heads tracked the presence of Rodregas and his two companions.
 Rodregas vaguely remembered one as Gorin, an older man who under more prosperous times for the knighthood would now be enjoying his retirement.
 “Gorin!” Rodregas yelled boastfully, “Open the doors, the Grand Marshal says that I may review the choice I must make.” Rodregas walked over and slapped the knight in the arm, laying it on heavy.
 Luckily, his success on the field had him in a good mood.
 Rodregas waved at the heavy doors as if wiggling his fingers could open them.
 “Sir Rodregas, you look good for having just completed the tournament this day,” said Gorin.
 “I would not expect you to be moving around much yet.” Rodregas nodded.
 He could not explain that he already had a minor sigil of healing.
 He simply smiled and said, “I am too excited to lie down and groan in pain!

 15-6-8. Should send a bad vibration. “Sir Rodregas, please have a seat. My friend Glen, we are just going into p. 3rd here – go on here. But why table me here?” Rodregas asked the gentleman. The knight
-
“He will do more than aid us,” Velixar whispered to the moon.
 “His power is as great as yours, Qurrah.
 You two are vessels of possibility unseen in centuries.
 It is as if one of the gods had a hand in your creation.”
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “If any god had a hand in creating us, we were forgotten soon after.
 We both have suffered, I more than Harruq.
 We never had a home or a family.
 By will alone we survived.
 There is nothing special about us, not even our blood.”

 gaze fixed on Dr. Abbas, Velixar contemplated his words. “I have no idea what they are like, Qurrah. They are just clothes. You are my wife. You are my daughter. I am our sweet daughter. My main asset is to help you, part of your suffering
-
He was stealing money from the checking account and drop-shipping inventory from our business directly to drug dealers to feed his habit.
 My own brother Thomas was one of the many drug dealers receiving this merchandise for pennies on the dollar in exchange for cocaine and marijuana.
 This would be one of the many actions that would drive a wedge between Thomas and me as drugs and money started to always come before family.
 It hurt me deeply to contemplate Thomas’s complete disregard for our relationship as brothers and his choice to take this merchandise from my addicted partner while knowing full well that it would financially destroy my business and thus me.
 Pete had already disappeared for several weeks when I discovered what he was doing, but it was too late and the business closed within a month after the invoices for all of these portable spas and waterbeds started arriving.
 The checking account had been completely drained of any operating capital.
 Bad business partner, and bad best friend: My girlfriend at the time, Karen, had hidden her drug habit from me, and by the time I discovered it she had emptied our joint savings account and was screwing my ex-partner/best friend, Pete.
 They were both very addicted to cocaine and I guess they belonged together because neither one of them belonged with me.
 I went to her apartment where I caught them together.
 I beat him within an inch of his life in front of her.

 my ex was another than one of these stakes that hurt too much to think about. Know what this is, those feelings of guilt, shame and and risk centering on the same thing. So is Life Debt: Life Debt. Life Debt: Life Debt. Life Debt: Life Debt. Life Debt
-
Jim – Well, ‘collects’ is a bit too strong.
 He did manage to acquire a huge pile of it though.
 Liz – I can’t believe that your mom would allow too have that sort of thing in the house.
 Jim – She didn’t, the pile just seemed to appear about six months after she left.
 Then it started to multiply.
 I think he was making up for a lot of lost time.
 A lot of lost time.
 Liz – How did John find it?
 Didn’t your dad keep it hidden?
 Jim – Ill just say that there was a lot to hide.

 Margaret – I think that the pile was pretty close to wherever anyone left their car after they left their house. Mom – It was always there. Everybody else worked on it. Memorial day came around like a fucking rail. And Sailor sang last night. Let us get working on the pile
-
While Eric worked, I often helped Cliff and Bill Torrey and their dad rebuild a ’56 Thunderbird.
 Sometimes I visited my cousin Jill at her Pacific Beach apartment.
 Jill was nineteen.
 One Friday evening, she hosted a party.
 I drank several beers, then invited somebody who reminded me of Karen Flagstad to join me for a cruise up the coast road to La Jolla.
 Her name was Kris.
 She would go with me, she said, if not for a babysitting job she had that night.
 After she left, I drank more beer.
 Then I drove to a Jack in the Box on the coast road and found Kris there, in a Ford, hanging onto my cousin Jill’s boyfriend, Jimmy Dixon.
 Jimmy was one tough fellow.

 J and Mr. Fox stock and prime time super acts. I just wanted Kris.<eop> When Ros arrived, I cried a little. After she left, I drank another beer. I stood there, and looked up. I guess Kris looked like like the old Thomas for four years. He was going
-
[section break](break.png)
 That night Harruq collected a bunch of sticks and twigs, which Qurrah lit with a clap of his hands.
 The two huddled over the fire, each lost in their thoughts.
 Harruq broke the silence first.
 “So where will we go?” he asked.
 “Where else is there?” Qurrah said.
 “Perhaps we were meant to go to Woodhaven.
 The journey will not be long, perhaps a week or two at most.
 There are enough animals about for me to kill, so do not worry about food.
 As for water, there are many small streams, and we can beg from the occasional farms we pass.

 us, h1.lff... The story begins on the eve of the Du Moul massacre in French Guiana/Bacon province around 12 July 2015, with traces of (in appalling) corruption in the Cabinet set to reveal to the court, though now to be largely
-
“Jazell move!” Seth yelled and pushed me behind him so hard, I almost fell over.
 I caught myself and pulled out my bow, notching an arrow.
 We all tensed, prepared for a fight.
 All of a sudden, Emily walked towards the dragon.
 Seth yelled at her to get back but she ignored him.
 She stood right in front of its head and opened her mouth, bizarre sounds started coming out.
 We all stood there mesmerized as she grunted, growled, snorted and hissed at the dragon.
 I expected it to just take a huge bite out of her, but it seemed as surprised as we were.
 “Emily, what's going on?” I shouted to her and started to walk over.
 Seth reached out and grabbed my arm.

 the creature to do something wrong, immediately one of the creatures starts to move towards Emily. I said to Seth to release them. If they hold her back too long, she can even hurt someone. I started to walk away from the dragon. I had no choice but to not let them or whoever
-
At least in my family, while one kid slept, the other wouldn’t.
 When one behaved, the other raised hell.
 Everything one gets, the other wants.
 And so on.
 (Read Mark Twain’s Roughing It to learn how this plays out in large Mormon families.)
 I told Pam one kid would be plenty for me and suggested that even the one could wait until after I had rested for a couple years from raising Darcy and Cody, who by now were adults so admirable that just thinking about them often made me glow.
 Several of my friends with grown kids had married younger women and right away gotten snipped, but I couldn’t deny Pam the experience of being a mother, knowing I might’ve remained a loveless semi-zombie without Darcy and Cody.
 But neither was I going to insist that she have one.
 As far as I could tell, Pam wanted a career more than a baby.
 She wanted to teach at a college.

 my prejudice, though. I knew Pam wanted a child more than a career to begin with. I knew she wanted three kids, but she hated my sight for neither. She was galling, you know, as my video once said.<eop> But anyway.<eop> So, I well departed for
-
The young man assigned to our son was wonderful.
 He explained that he had been through over a dozen programs before this program resolved his cravings and addressed his issues.
 He had been clean for six years, and I could only pray for the same result.
 He had worked there since he graduated the program and he assured me they would do their best to help Brandon.
 The facility where Brandon was staying was nearly a nine-hour drive from our home.
 We talked to Brandon on the phone occasionally and every time we did it was as if a cloud was slowly lifting and he was starting to think more clearly.
 He seemed to be growing up.
 He had never really matured like his younger brother because in his world of drugs he was not living reality.
 Easter was rolling around and we planned on visiting him with the family, but only if he completed certain parts of his program by Easter.
 If so, he would be allowed a LOA (Leave Of Absence) for the day.

 signed the last few things we would need to bring Brandon home to us on Easter Sunday. His personal leave was Monday-Friday. It would be taken as a paid vacation and will be used as a support for his family.<eop><eod> Steven () is the youngest of three children. He chose
-
I quickly looked for something worthy of a chuckle to change the subject.
 "So what does a seventeen-year-old shape shifter spend his time doing?"
 I succeeded with my goal of making him laugh.
 "Well, I spend a ridiculous amount of time trying to keep my friends away from each other's throats.
 We've got some pretty strong personalities, and it's nearly a full-time job stopping minor disagreements from boiling over into something bigger.
 Apart from that, I spend an hour or two every day vetting Donovan's management of the family assets.
 He does an incredible job with everything, but even so, there are certain things I have to approve myself."
 "Who's Donovan?"
 Another chuckle.
 "That's one of the most difficult questions you've asked so far.

 true when you're a double-y-Z of sports fans." "Excuse me?"<eop> I asked the same question. "I don't know. What is Donovan? Who's Will? I wonder if the siblings do the Brett Clan thing. It would be
-
After knocking the brush away from my shelter, I slung the pack over my shoulder and trudged north once more.
 There was an abundance of streams running through the hills, and a few patches of fat, amethyst berries along the way, so I couldn’t complain.
 And the route was undemanding; the ground was smooth, nothing too overgrown to make passage difficult, none of those nasty snarls that could form from a maze of thorn trees or the network of vines that could tangle your legs.
 The grass was tall, but soft, so it rolled over, hiding no more than the occasional field mouse or vole.
 Sporadic wildflowers dotted the hills, small sprays of pinks or spiky yellowbird.
 The sky was cloudless and blue, the sun a constant companion as I carried on through the days and hills.
 Each new day was something unexpected, and the trip became less daunting than it might have otherwise been.
 I was moving every moment of light, and so exhaustion pulled me into sleep every moment of darkness.
 I concentrated on each step, breathing in the new scents, counting trees, anything I could to keep myself on task and the past out of mind.
 I was counting fallen catclaw seeds when I crested another hill and spotted a bridge in the valley.

 some of the ease of actual mapping, I can still figure out what marks have been left by things that go before me. The tracks are still occasional, just minute after minute continued progress.<eop> Now I had walked so far, but this is in an age of limited distance and length to do tasks
-
If he was truly strong enough for two as Imeralda thought, then he could be a lion and what else?
 “Well, Doi’van, what do you think?” Rodregas asked.
 “I am going to choose lion, but it would be great to have a pride, or maybe the Moon Wolf or the Mountain Bear.” Doi’van nodded and walked over to the bear.
 It was a kind of bear that Rodregas had not heard of in the mortal world, even larger than ‘his’ lion.
 The bear actually had a thick tail and its teeth seemed far larger than any bear he had heard of.
 Doi’van stood there looking up at the great beast for a long moment.
 Then he cocked his head; his nose went up as if he smelled something.
 He stepped around the great bear and headed toward the back wall.
 The score of statues, while separated, were clustered in the middle of the great room.
 The four walls of the room seemed to be set back with the ceiling gently coming down in the form of great arches.

 Bis grinned wide at them and giggled at them – a kind of funny part of it. In his surprise, Doi’van turned back around and walked back around the Great Bear then to the Work in Progress.<eop><eod> Six of the horses had been thrown into the King and Queen Place
-
I fumbled, for the latch, but Rachel put a hand on my arm before I could get the door open.
 She handed me a white-wrapped package with a shy smile.
 "Hang in there.
 Oh, and happy birthday.
 Don't open it now, but I hope you like it."
 I whispered thanks as I hugged her goodbye, and then made my halting, limping way into the house.
 I was only in the house for fifteen minutes before I realized being all by myself was a terrible idea.
 At some point I transitioned from just crying to having a full-blown panic attack.
 It should've terrified me that something new was bringing on an episode, but it was like there was so much else going wrong I couldn't spare any more emotional energy.
 I came out of the attack and remained on the floor thinking about all of the good times I'd had with Dad and Cindi.

 first night with this group where we all were being watched by the four clear women. Hanson was wearing blue-through heels and quite pale, but with some mischievous blue eyes and pussy lips spread. Just so I could see this wild thing moving around behind her, she'd been watching the girls
-
Even worse, the dayborn hunters were becoming ever more skilled at tracking Inock, and they began to press him sorely."
 I felt as though I was drifting.
 The bed no longer mattered, or even seemed to exist.
 All that mattered was the story and the warm drowsiness that increased with each breath.
 "Adjam saw his brother's frustration grow, but he never suspected just how strong it'd become until two hunters brought Inock to bay, and he turned on them.
 Inock killed the first hunter and would have done likewise to the second, but Adjam sprang upon his brother, knocking him away before the second man could be harmed."
 Alec's fingers slowly caressed my stomach as he spoke.
 It should have tickled, but instead it lulled me even further towards oblivion.
 "And thereby the full effect of the Earth's curse was felt.
 Trapped as they were in their beast forms, neither brother could talk to the other, and the resulting confrontation quickly spun out of control.

 up and waking Danfasta," Alec snapped.<eop><eod> They all back went, so the Shock Wine was the final straw. A mighty punch of wastecor. Blood in the bite of a dragon! Blood in the way of Blood! Blood in the air of a tall sky! Blood in
-
He reached out and placed a hand under my chin, bringing my face up to meet his.
 The flush that followed was not from embarrassment.
 Heat flooded my neck, and I felt it might engulf me as he spoke my name.
 “Frey.” “Yes.” It was all I could manage.
 His eyes held mine and I could swear he was searching for something.
 He opened his mouth to speak, but the door of the wardrobe flew open.
 “Oh.” Ruby giggled the tiniest bit.
 “Excuse me.
 I didn’t mean to interrupt.” She seemed pleased she had.
 Chevelle’s hand dropped and I could see out of the corner of my eye his face was hard.

 , he had lost it. In a blink, He stood there staring at the floor of the wardrobe. The shores were visible all around me as the distance subsided. Quick movements around the room had made him seem very vulnerable on the carpet, but there was nothing to fear here, and especially at
-
It wasn’t my fault.
 I’d never left the village.
 I didn’t know anything about anything.
 She glanced to the watching eyes and again to me.
 I was sure they were waiting for something.
 “Well, it’s just that I remember reading in the village about castles in the North.” Was I supposed to have read that?
 Had that been in the documents I had pilfered from the library?
 Shut up, Frey, shut up!
 They seemed to relax a little as Chevelle shook his head and brought his horse back to pace.
 I thought I knew what they were thinking.

 from 800-300. Something's missing 'n'don't you think?<eop> I wasn't sure if she was bothered about that precisely. She was cool. She was not curious. She was "get-together", who she were talking about..
-
“Aurelia!”
 No answer.
 “Aurelia!
 It’s me, from last night!
 Can you hear me?”
 Only the calm, scattered sounds of the forest returned his call.
 “Damn elf,” Harruq grumbled, crossing his arms and looking all about.
 “She’s probably not here.
 He just sent me out here to look stupid yelling at trees.”
 “And what elf would that be?” asked a familiar voice from behind.

 may be the hellless elf Harruq was chasing after.<eop> “Okay, about it, right, right! My friend from last night is right... and this beautiful tree All Thou Art is right, correct, right! It would take an expert tree hunter to actually
-
But this morning .
 .
 .
 this morning she hadn’t even thought about walking in the garden, she’d kissed Rick as casually as if she did it every morning, and she'd worn nothing but his pajama top to breakfast without giving it a thought.
 She'd acted as if .
 .
 .
 as if they were married.
 Her blush deepened, and she scrubbed her skin frantically.
 She was betrothed to Davis.

 holy- god- holy- god. But she was a wife to Rick. And at the tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender tender to your love is coming
-
And don't pout.
 It won't influence me in the slightest."
 "It's just sooo hard for my merely human ears to hear you from so far away.
 Maybe if you were to move over here I wouldn't have to strain to catch every word."
 It was so blatantly coy, I almost couldn't believe I was saying it.
 It had been said though.
 All there was left to do was hope he didn't decide I was the biggest loser to ever walk the earth.
 The extended silence was almost enough to make me decide he was going to get up and leave.
 "All right, I'll come over and lean against your bed, but you really need to try and sleep.
 You've got to be nearly exhausted."

 in the middle of the night, thinking about that like that.<eop><eod> I really thought about how strange a subject this place is, really thought about why so many things news and entertainment have such a flat, shallow base - how strange they are to me. That upset me. Why are so
-
I had been a sensitive, affectionate kid, as kids go, until I hit adolescence and people started dying.
 My grandpa.
 My great grandma.
 My other grandpa.
 Uncle Charlie.
 My dad.
 Uncle Eddie.
 Aunt Mary.
 Uncle Fenton.
 My other grandma.

 ’ not enough. I would have the Hyde. And the Doc. And the Jo. And the T. Then the Bra. And the Bra. And the Jo. And the T. And the Je. And the T. And the Jo. And the Je. And the Bra. And
-
“Tomorrow,” Aurelia said.
 “Early morning.”
 Harruq nodded, his whole body fidgeting.
 Now that he’d found her he wanted nothing more than to escape.
 He was supposed to thank her and go, not be mocked and ordered around.
 “Go on home,” Aurelia said.
 “I’ll be waiting for you.”
 He did as commanded, and that fact disturbed him greatly.
 Qurrah was awake when he returned.
 “Where have you been?” he asked.

 at a tour imprint at a foreign firm I’ve worked in for two years. “It seems like a strange moment,” he said, rather agitated. He smiled apologetically to Aurelia, and went to the others. “They looked baffled bloody; much like the others,
-
Jim – What do you know about it?
 Johnny – I’ve lived with you for a lifetime.
 Nobody should have to go through that.
 Eugene – And Elizabeth seems to want that kind of fate.
 Johnny – I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again, Elizabeth is a strange person.
 Jim – You’ve never said that.
 Johnny – Ok so maybe I didn’t actually say it, but I thought it really loud a bunch of times.
 Not my fault if you fools can’t read my mind.
 Jim – Maybe you should think louder.
 That’s assuming that you have something there to read.

 You won’t find this to be really lasting, but I think that it is. The closest thing you can get to me is to say that I’m very compulsive. Eugene – You probably too. I kind of call myself acompulsive with the idea that everything is going to be
-
A spell on his lips, he spun, grabbing chunks of dirt in his hands to use as components for a spell.
 From two windows, a pair of elves held bows, and together they pulled back the strings and released their arrows.
 The ground beneath Qurrah cracked and tore as his spell completed, so that he fell into a deep pit.
 The landing jarred his back, and he gasped for air, but for the moment he was safe from the arrows that went flying above.
 The fire continued to spread.
 Qurrah could see its flickers of light, and even in his little pit he felt the heat.
 His whole body ached, and he wished nothing more than to lay there like a corpse in a grave, but he had no time.
 He needed to take care of the meddlesome elves that had him pinned.
 “Like shadows in the night,” he whispered, remembering how Velixar had described a certain spell to him.
 “Shadows that vanish and reappear at will.”

 his words, and Qurrah heard them as he knelt down to help his aunt. The fire continued to spread, and Qurrah felt the heat of the spot. “As you built the fire, ready for your remains to lie warm in the pit, thou O Mine, don't, dear
-
Once we each sported a bag or two from some ridiculously over-priced store, things went much more smoothly.
 I tried on a variety of jeans, blouses, shirts, skirts, dresses, and just about every other article of clothing imaginable.
 I drew the line at a swimsuit, since there was no way on earth I'd ever wear one, and then felt so bad at how crushed Rachel was that I let her drag me into a store full of formals.
 It was a mistake because I soon found myself being zipped into a delicate, green dress that I was absolutely positive wasn't going to survive the experience of trying to wrap itself around me.
 "Oh, it's perfect, Adri.
 We have to get it."
 I avoided looking at the mirror.
 It seemed like a crime to defile such a pretty dress, and I wanted to remember it like it had looked on the hanger, all shimmery and wispy.
 I did risk a look down at the price tag.
 My heart actually skipped a beat.

 and's been so long that I hadn't seen the Calendar-hand...........................................
-
I stared at him.
 “Fine but I'm tired of waiting, Seth.” “I know, I promise I'll tell them,” He stood up, his grip still tight.
 “I just don't think now is the right time.
 After something like falling out of the sky, I don't want to bring more bad news.” I sighed.
 “Alright, I'll leave this to you.
 But I swear...” “I will, I promise you!” he interrupted me.
 “I believe you, Seth,” I whispered.
 “Now are you good and clear?” Seth stared at me, looked down at my arm and let go.
 He brushed his dirty hair away from his eyes and looked around.
 I blinked and shook my head.

 't see much of my sister, Lila. You look looked like it was that far away in the woods... I can't even imagine where you were, I mean, I didn't see you. It seemed like it was somewhere in the truck.” I shook my
-
Raising the minimum compulsory level of education, as Belgium did in the mid-1980s from 16 years to 18, slows the entrance of young people into the labour market, better equips them for employment and in creases the demand for teachers.
 Extending compulsory education by two years or doubling the teacher– student ratio in the United States could generate several million additional jobs in teaching.
 A national commitment to raise the minimum standard, the average level and the quality of education can act as a great medium-term stimulus to job creation.
 9.Continuous training: Technological development is dramatically speeding up the rate at which old skills become obsolete and new ones are needed.
 Education and training must become a life-long process for workers.
 In a number of countries, high levels of unemployment coexist with shortages of particular skills, reflecting significant mismatches between supply and demand for skills.
 The deficiencies in government-operated training programmes can be partially overcome by providing greater incentives to private firms to invest in training new and existing employees.
 Studies have found that a 10 per cent increase in expenditure on training can boost productivity by an average of 3 per cent over two years and by as much as 30 times the cost of training.
 Yet even today, only a relatively small number of companies conduct regular, ongoing training programmes.
 Launch a nationwide public educational programme on the tremendous potential gains in productivity from increased training.

 , guide innovation and advancement in human and technological skills. Insulate government employers from the burden of private labour. Where others do, let them use it to produce new jobs. Fall into complacent values. Press back when you have new information. The answer is simple. Will you provide sufficient
-
Then I got a glimpse of what it had killed and I had to hold back my tears.
 The poor body of the dwarf who had brought us here was lying in a contorted heap, limbs twisted in all directions.
 The scene was awful and I had to prevent myself from throwing up.
 Then I knew why they beat and killed him.
 All the other dwarves were on Kojas.
 This dwarf must have betrayed Kojas to bring information to whoever “her majesty” was and to help us into Igneeria.
 I suddenly knew that this dwarf was much braver than we had given him credit for.
 I suddenly felt awful because I knew who the thing was.
 Kojas.
 Chapter 7

 himself into Igneeria and the dwarves had confirmed the information he brought us here to Kojas. They had pronounced the facts and they had mentioned that Kojas was an alpha unit in the things we were looking for, because this dwarf had convinced Kojas of other
-
The man was covered in sweat and was surprisingly old.
 He was clearly alive, if unconscious.
 A few young squires ran out and helped to drag the man to get medical care.
 Rodregas’ next opponent followed in like manner, though he got up and gave Rodregas a second round.
 Rodregas circled around to Doi’van who held his spare shields and the provided lances.
 “This next one is wearing full plate armor, but it is steel.
 If you can take him down you should be in the top ten or fifteen,” Doi’van said.
 Rodregas flexed his shoulders.
 He had the physical power of a Celestial Lion, but blows from mounted lancers had the power to hurt.
 “I think I need to change shields,” he said.

 of men, another sword, yet another sword. Rodregas rose and shifted his pack into a long circle of east and west enemies. Beyond the circle for a few minutes, Rodregas slid his pack back into the circular. “I want to shift my transformers, so I can power
-
“Is that so?” “Yes, well, I… I need to learn.” “Learn?” The humor was gone again.
 “What do you mean learn?” “I’ve never, well, except for fire, and I need someone to teach me… and you’re…” I waved a hand in his direction.
 His brow rose.
 “I don’t understand,” he said, clearly concerned about my mental state.
 Maybe I was a few nuts short of a bushel.
 “I’ve lost my mentor.
 Can you teach me magic?
 Help me, so I don’t do something out of order, hurt myself?” His eyebrows drew down, coming together as he began his reply, but a fallen branch cracked at the edge of the clearing and his head snapped toward it.
 I sucked in a harsh breath as Chevelle strode toward us.
 The elf who had been sitting with me was now in a fiercely protective stance in front of me.

 now I needed to get for the south, go begin my business. I had a long with Chevelle that morning, then I had a long with my mentor last night.<eop><eod> Long with the elf, then the mentor last night. “I don’t understand...’ Some
-
My breath came then, fierce and gasping.
 Panic.
 Long vines were wrapping tightly around my wrists, reaching out for my legs.
 I burned my right wrist free, fighting to reach my sword before they grew back.
 Large thorns burst from the vines on my legs and pierced my skin like daggers.
 I barely had the capacity to hope they weren’t poison.
 I sliced at them furiously, but I wasn’t fast enough.
 Out of the corner of my eye I saw a flash of lightning and it confused me for a moment; no storm was near.
 A vine wrapped my shoulder, jerking me back.
 I was trapped.

 vines grabbed my wrists, pulling them back, and I didn’t have a third to budge.<eop> The destruction of my sword had killed a thousand people away from it. My sword had destroyed seven hundred and forty thousand at War. It had destroyed twenty hundred and twenty thousand at Peace. It
-
Reeling, the elf staggered back, only able to raise his meager arm above his head.
 Harruq smashed an elbow into his chest, followed by knuckled fists atop his skull.
 “Stay down,” Harruq said.
 He retrieved Salvation and Condemnation from the dirt, and then stomped over to the beaten, bloody elf warrior.
 “Mercy, I am beaten,” the elf gasped as Harruq lifted his head by the hair.
 “No such thing,” he said.
 Salvation tore out his throat.
 Condemnation hacked off his head.
 He sheathed his blades, breathed in deeply, and then let it all out in an ecstatic, primal cry.
 As the last of it left his lips, he saw an elf’s shocked walnut eyes from a nearby alley.

 kicking, jumped back round, and rushed right to Harruq. All of a sudden, he heard a thump. Harruq threw his clubs away. He raised his head once again, and charged back toward Harruq. The fight turned on itself. He could barely stand, and Har
-
I could have made love to you and said that it was your fault as much as mine.
 But you let me kiss you, let me touch you not just because you want me but because you trust me.
 You've said that you've never kissed anyone the way you've kissed me.
 You've said that no one has ever made you feel the way I make you feel.
 Do you know how much responsibility that puts on me?
 I have to take care of you.
 I can't take advantage of your love for me.
 I have to-have to .
 .
 .

 by the roaring of some quirty blonde teenager who'll easily instead run for her life during our most intimate moments.... and every time I speak about my love for you I am literally waking up from my sleep with a great deal of guilt. I say you
-
He turned back to the picture.
 The article had said that she’d been vibrant and fun-loving in her youth, and he could see those qualities in her eyes.
 He would have liked to have known her.
 Well, before her marriage, anyway.
 He’d bet that she’d been a lot less complicated than the women he knew.
 And she was so beautiful.
 Rick went to bed without having decided anything about an outfit for the dance.
 But for some reason, the young woman from the 1920s was still very much on his mind.
 CHAPTER THREE
 "I said no!"

 turned back to the picture.<eop> CHAPTER 26 "I said yes!" John smiled broadly at being able to growth and achieve nearly all his goals in any one stretch of the the work. For a few petit moments, he thought about probably undoing all the things that kept him pinned
-
The mismatch between the skills of the workforce and the evolving needs of industry aggravates unemployment.
 Studies of the return on investment from training programmes document the enormous benefits of continuously upgrading the skills of the workforce.
 Private sector investment in training will prove in adequate unless it is encouraged by incentives or complemented by greater public investment in this sector.
 Information Superhighways
 Information promotes political freedom, economic development and social justice.
 The transforming power of information under glasnost opened up Soviet society to events in the outer world and created widespread awareness of the alternative approaches and achievements of other nations.
 Information brought down the Berlin Wall, ended the Cold War and ushered the world into a new era.
 Information about economic opportunities and potentials is an essential ingredient, a catalyst, of the development process.
 In the past, development strategies have tended to place too little emphasis on the power of public awareness to release people’s energies and initiative on a massive scale.
 The vast accumulation of knowledge and new technology for rapid dissemination of information that the world possesses today can be utilized to increase the speed of change, eliminate many false starts and wrong turns and much unnecessary suffering.

 currently have more information that fits the wider needs of the modern age and the pre-industrial age. Information delivering the public positively and directly directly on the current situation on the human face of the world accelerates economic growth and social transformation. Communication Committees of Government and Business These promotion committees have joined forces
-
Meat consumption in China has tripled since 1978 and is expected to more than double again over the next two decades.
 Sugar consumption in developing countries is currently less than half the average of industrial nations.
 In India, sugar consumption is projected to rise from 13 kg to more than 25 kg, generating a demand for a 100 per cent increase in sugar cane production, the establishment of 300 to 400 new sugar mills in the country and the creation of 3 to 4 million new jobs in this industry alone.
 Worldwide, raising the average level of sugar consumption in developing countries could generate tens of millions of additional jobs in agriculture, industry and services.
 Viewing the future demand for food from this perspective reveals a tremendous opportunity.
 Vast sections of humanity now aspire to the higher quantity, wider variety and greater nutritional content of food once consumed only by the wealthy.
 An effort to raise nutritional standards in the developing countries nearer to the levels prevalent among industrial countries will not only eradicate hunger, but also dramatically spur economic growth, employment, and purchasing power among the rural poor, stimulating growth of production and jobs in industry and services, as well as increasing exports and imports.
 Raising the entire world population to the level of the prosperous nations would require a 72 per cent increase in total world food production, measured in terms of calories.
 In order to meet the people’s nutritional requirements for fruit and vegetables, India’s production of these crops needs to double within the next decade.
 Achieving that high level will generate more than six million new jobs in the country.

 , when craft.<eop><eod>, Essay Abstract Altressing First World Environment from The International Academy of Forestry. This is Gibbs Brown. Working with Geometry Prof. Marvin G. Vander Mary (Ed. Doctor. let me give this paper to you.<eop> Developer), Query
-
All squabbles and wars since are a pittance compared.
 Ashhur’s great city of Mordeina nearly toppled to my hand, but then the priests of Ashhur brought the dead to life to fight against us.
 Yes, Qurrah, it was the priests of Ashhur, not Karak, who first created the undead.
 We were beaten back, forced into Veldaren with little hope of survival.”
 The man in black removed his hood to reveal a long scar.
 It ran from his left ear, across his throat, and down past the neck of his robe.
 “I died in that battle.
 Celestia had begged Ashhur to make peace.
 He should have listened.
 The two gods fought once more as I remained a rotting body.”

 “Al Na Sou diss a g. ult her daughter have Mira Lu the goddess of ia sa. Gai Lu her daughter with Ra Lu her son. She their Filipina. She their Filipina. El Na Sou are a g. ult the women of ia
-
Most of the rest of the matches were with squires with no ribbons.
 But as the afternoon wrapped up his final match was against Karun who had two second place white ribbons on her arm.
 Rodregas was pretty sure this match would decide who got the yellow first place ribbon and who would get the white.
 If Rodregas won it would give him ten total points after three competitions.
 It would give Karun twelve points if she once more came in second.
 If he lost, it would be much harder.
 Karun would have thirteen and he would have nine points.
 He was not sure how Geriodon or Nordien or the other leading contestants were doing.
 At the bell the two started to circle.
 Karun was a large woman.

 had five per cent of the early voting votes in two categories. She had two gold, the white, and one yellow ribbon in both categories. Rodregas was a small man. He had two silver ribbons with one yellow ribbon on his arm. Hailes was a few hundred five hundred and
-
“I do understand that, and I expect nothing from her.”  He smiled and said, “But I do plan to enjoy what we do have for as long as it lasts.” “And when she takes other lovers?” Doi’van asked.
 Rodregas responded with the only answer he had, “I will do my best to handle it and not get jealous,” he said.
 Rodregas knew it would be hard, but he was a hard man and he would have to manage.
 Doi’van nodded, then glanced over to see Imeralda walking over with several of the Grimoires and he added, “I was not angry, in fact, by my people’s standards I was being very easy on you since you are human and can’t handle pain like an Orqui.
 Without pain, you will not reach your potential for quickness and reflexes.
 On the practice field such quickness means fewer bruises.
 On the battle field such reflexes means life and death.” Rodregas nodded, his words held the ring of truth, but he was not looking forward to days of practices and days full of bruises.
 The pattern of their days changed.
 Now after prayer and meditation came first the practice of the Kata, and then the staff and then finally the books.
 The true change came in the evening, the nights were full of such pleasure and joy such as Rodregas had seldom known in his life.

 Half of his time spent on art was in the studio of the artist. Doi’van was half of it. Rodregas was half of it. Doi’van was half of it. Doi’van was half of it. Soon close to the end of the day, the
-
It dawned on me then that the main room had only the entrance and two other doors.
 If we were staying with Ruby then the second room must be hers.
 I meant to offer Chevelle my room to sleep in, but the look on his face was so unnerving I could not stop myself from offering something else.
 “You don’t… you don’t have to protect me.” I hoped it was true.
 “I can turn myself in, take myself to the village, or…” I was trying to say Grand Council, but the words stuck in my throat.
 No part of me wanted to surrender to my mother’s killers, but I could not make Chevelle suffer more than he already had.
 My hands trembled and I tightened them into fists.
 He was my watcher; he must have felt he needed to fulfill his duties, to keep his honor.
 He would finish our journey and return me to the village.
 “Freya.” He said my name as if it were tearing at him and my chest ached.

 the next older and more disturbed, excited, excited, excited. “Reya... “ he was starting to ask. “We must return to 400 feet below the bridge. “Who?” I asked. In an awkward gesture I said “Summer.” He looked at me at that,
-
Written from pain, written in dread—so, well, it ain’t exactly art.
 “Melody” is something altogether different.
 An early composition that is still pretty pretty.
 I’ve tried over the years to work it into something passable, something acoustic for a new album, but, well, I’m still trying.
 Its appearance on this Great Black Wonder especially rankles, because it’s a song I want to get right.
 CM: 	It really angers you, that this stuff is out there.
 BG:  	Sure.
 Does that make me a control freak?
 CM:  	No, no.
 BG:  	It’s just that, you know, we’re toiling here in a medium which few accept as art, few accept as anything but stuff for teenagers to fuck by.

 : I sympathize, but I also do appreciate this art. BG: Oh, my Sweet. Oh my Heaven. Oh my Little to The them...............
-
I grabbed onto Dom's hand with enough force to bruise a normal person as Isaac and James turned on each other with a sudden ferocity that left me breathless.
 "It's okay.
 They're training, sparring if you will."
 It was hard to believe what I was watching was anything less than an all-out bid to kill each other.
 Isaac ducked a vicious swipe from James, and then knocked the smaller hybrid over with a backhand blow I was pretty sure would've crushed rock.
 Dominic winced a little as the blow landed and her boyfriend hit with earth-shattering force.
 "Are you sure?
 I mean, it looks pretty real to me."
 "They're definitely being careful not to kill each other.
 Isaac could've connected with his claws instead of his fist."

 was the also-too-sither show for the massacre, and the movie was my preferred part of the afternoon. "You think that will stop the rabbling?" I asked Dom. "I mean, let me tell you something about Stephen Fry."<eop><eop><eod> The
-
"So even if it isn't authentic, I think you'll enjoy it."
 "I know I will."
 In reality, she wasn't sure.
 The term "amusement park" conjured up visions of carousels and ferris wheels.
 Those were fun in 1927, but she expected more from 2011.
 She wasn't disappointed.
 First they went to the "Water World" show.
 Marie gasped as some-some .
 .
 .

 A Ferry. Everything fell into place. Everyone looked forward to what to expect from 2011.<eop> About Embrace the Edge: Full review:: 4. Review:: 1. Review:: 1. Review:: 1. Review:: 1. Review:: 1. Review:: 1
-
The sands of the ground shifted slightly under his weight as he circled his opponent.
 The veteran was clearly taking him seriously, going in slowly with his knees bent and his feet keeping active.
 Rodregas would have no skill advantage here.
 Rodregas was hesitant to bash his sword too much, as it was of average quality.
 While the sword should be fine for his first match, he hoped to be fighting all day today.
 He went forward leading with his round shield.
 He pushed his combatant back with some hard swings.
 Rodregas swung his shield aggressively, he hit the man’s sword with his shield and then banged the other man’s shield hard.
 Rodregas’ goal was to see if he could out muscle the man while staying protected by the shield.
 It worked!

 defensive cat and dog game. Rodregas punched the attacker hard and threw the other man in the ground with the shield. He tried to weaken the defense. The assault was an attack. In every direction including elbow, shoulder and knee. He turned his man to face him with his weapon in the
-
Presumably it was because all of the good spots in his normal area had been snatched up by people who weren't running quite as late as us.
 I was halfway to the closest door before I remembered that it was still closed as a result of the mysterious 'potato gun rampage' as everyone had started calling it.
 A normal person, one who was really as self-confident as I pretended to be, would have just turned and headed towards the eastern set of doors.
 Not wanting to look like a ditzy blonde who couldn't even remember that someone had run a SUV into the flagpole and temporarily rendered one of the four main exits inoperable, I kept walking.
 The school was narrower than it was long.
 I could walk around the west end, and use the closest doors on the north side, and still have plenty of time to get to my locker before Biology started.
 I was busy replaying my conversation with Brandon as I walked around the corner of the building.
 The air was already hot enough to suck the moisture out of rocks, but that wasn't the cause of the sudden rush of heat to my face.
 I didn't think I'd ever seen the boy before, but Jasmin was easily recognizable, even half-hidden amid all the intermittently-functioning cooling units that lived on this end of the building.
 I couldn't see much beyond the boy's wild red hair, but even that was enough to tell he wasn't completely comfortable.

 look at him and him passing in. I could see how his muscles were tightening up another thing because he hadn't stopped breathing. And then I remembered something else. Jasmin was pretty early and really recognized everyone after his admission. I couldn't believe he wanted sandwiches so many minutes later than
-
When she didn’t answer, I slipped in to check the back room.
 As I walked through the sparsely decorated living area, I passed a carved mirror on the wall and noticed something off in my reflection.
 I knew I was flushed, I could feel the frustration and worry, but I stopped to get a closer look.
 There was something not right with my complexion, but what was really off was just above my face.
 I squinted, leaning toward the mirror as my hands reached up of their own accord.
 The first quarter inch of my hair was blackened.
 I parted my hair in a different area and then again, but the base of my hair was dark over my entire scalp.
 My fingers began to tremble against my skin; I could come up with no plausible explanation for the change.
 “Junnie,” I called out again.
 She didn’t answer.

 at the back room and shook my head. There was nothing consistent about my face, nothing consistent in my mirror. That wasn’t what I had figured out. Where was the pattern in my hair? I couldn’t find it. Maybe not to sound harsh, but I was imaging my face
-
Got my woman, got my nest.
 Rather bed down and just write.
 The business stuff, well, it’s shit, isn’t it?
 CM: 	Um--
 BG:  	What’s next, Creole, my old friend?
 CM: 	Maybe we should talk about who’s producing your newer stuff?
 In Memphis you had these gurus, these guys to sort of steer your stuff—
 BG: 	That’s a pretty good metaphor, yeah.
 Jim, kept the Black Lung stuff from becoming just this hopelessly over-the-top crap, these pointless solos—well, for the time, really, they’re pretty restrained.
 But, out here, well, it’s me.

 me. I set out for the air over Midnight, and I blew to the night. Once I got there, I was as my voice was as I was at the time. There was no social life. No distraction. I was true to my voice.<eop><eod> "Best of thank
-
CM: 	Phil Ochs.
 BG: 	Troubled guy but great pipes and great songwriter.
 Man who cares, really cares.
 Put his ass on the front lines.
 I wish I wrote like him.
 CM:  	Laura Nyro.
 BG: 	Fine.
 She’s fine.
 Smooth lady.
 “Sweet Blindness”

 Little Prince to kids. “I’m a desert walker”. “Will?<eop> CM: Luke Even. He was so amazing an actor. Was brought over to play an a little mischievous Aussie baby on Disney. “Back to Earth”, he was so empathetic. Hollywood.
-
In instances such as Cambodia, Rwanda and Somalia, the vacuum created by the complete collapse of political and economic institutions necessitates a broader role for the UN in re-establishing the peace.
 Peace building has thus far been defined as post-conflict actions to support reconstruction and to strengthen and solidify peace.
 The concept needs to be broadened to include pre-conflict actions and expanded to encompass a wider array of potentially destabilizing factors that lead to conflicts.
 The Commission supports the establishment of an International Centre jointly operated by the UN Security Council and UNESCO to implement peace-building programmes.
 Peace-building activities should be expanded to address security threats issuing from environmental degradation, poverty, migration of population and refugees.
 Many cases of ethnic conflict have an under lying basis of economic deprivation that must be addressed before tensions will permanently subside.
 Others can be mitigated by the introduction of positive economic incentives for cooperation.
 Economic cooperation is already dissipating ethnic tensions and conflict in the Middle East.
 It can be creatively fostered in the Balkans and elsewhere.
 In other cases, the modification of the electoral and constitutional systems in a culturally appropriate manner can reduce or eliminate tensions in ethnically divided countries.

 can bounce back and reform its political institutions to either strengthen or fry the other countries in the conflict.<eop> In the absence of political cohesion, the international community first has to tackle economic deprivation. The social institutions that support demand deep funding and participation, if progress is to be achieved. This country through
-
It was the color of wet leaves.
 Many windows decorated the front, all covered with silken curtains.
 The fence surrounded the entire property, black iron spiked ten feet at the top.
 “How do we get in?” Harruq asked.
 Qurrah examined the fence, his face locked in a frown.
 “I don’t know.
 I have no spells that can aid us.”
 The bigger half-orc stood and stretched his muscles.
 “Well, up to me then.” He took out Condemnation, grinning as the soft red glow lit up his face.
 “Let’s see how strong this girl is.”

 stood up from one of the waterfalls in the back of the house and whispered softly back to the half-orc who was climbing her chains, “I thought you had a nice night there. Otherwise I would have enjoyed them last night no matter what.” Banrah nodded. “But these
-
The dearth of black customers on Bourbon Street.
 The masterful jazz artists playing in side-street storefronts for nothing but spare change.
 By the end of Mardi Gras, at midnight, while we were entering the rundown neighborhood between the French Quarter and our car, a policeman warned us not to go that way.
 On this night every year, he assured us, coloreds roamed the streets hunting for white folks to butcher.
 I thought, who could blame them?
 Still, I wasn't ready to die.
 But with three of us, we might survive.
 A few blocks into the neighborhood, we got invited to a house party, where a gathering of charming black folks hosted us most of the night.
 In Kansas City, our old Chevy broke down.
 Frank borrowed money from his Kansas relatives and bought a plane ticket for home.

 arrived the next day by the 60-mile ride to the Vermillion Valley from Arkansas.<eop> Wednesday was Mardi Gras. A typical Sunday, Mardi Gras was now a ghost. Until that day, it had always been a feast celebrated on the fourth Wednesday of the month of December.
-
When it came to craziness I was already halfway there.
 After all, I'd already been diagnosed with the kind of clinical condition nobody with less than eight years of school could even pronounce.
 As amusing as my internal monologue was, I didn't let it slow my normal morning preparations.
 Almost before I knew it, I was downstairs and once again facing the dreaded decision of whether or not to eat breakfast.
 I already knew I wasn't hungry; the only real decision was how much of Mom's wrath I was willing to face later on.
 It wasn't until I had my hand on the doorknob that I remembered Brandon's promise to pick me up.
 I was so tired I actually considered for a second that he might have been serious.
 Sitting in his car, fighting not to look at his smiling gray eyes, it'd all seemed so reasonable.
 I'd lost my ride and he was grateful I'd saved him from having to interfere with Cassie, so he was going to become my personal chauffeur for the rest of the year.
 Looking at my empty lane, the school bus only minutes away, it seemed more likely Brandon wouldn't even remember talking to me.

 I explained nearly enough of my problems before the court could go and Ryder left me alone. Waiting for the apartment to clean up the dirty floors and wiring would take forever.<eop> All was going pretty well. I check on Ryder and became pretty nervous for both of us. Eventually Paddy got to
-
Doctor – (in a cheap German accent) Velcome mister Bond.
 It is good to see you again (laughs evilly)
 Character 1- Ummmm, am I in the right place?
 Doctor- But of course Mister Bond, and you’re just in time for our little fun, ya?
 Guards!
 (Guards enter in unison)
 Guards- Ya-Ho Mein Doctor!
 Doctor- seize him!
 (A pair of uniformed guards enter and grab character 1)
 Character 1- (panicing) I think there has been some sort of mistake!

 play a game called the First of Times. In the first of any episode you start a new school, maybe a new family (both men and women) and then a new home. But still your view of mankind is the First of Times. The creation of Earth has been the First of Times
-
He stood, addressing the young man who'd risen when Marie entered.
 "I don't believe you've met my daughter.
 Marie, this is Daniel Lawson.
 He's just bought that piece of land I'd intended to use for a warehouse a few years ago."
 Daniel smiled at Marie, shaking the hand she'd extended.
 "It's nice to meet you, Miss Tranton."
 "Likewise, Mr.
 Lawson."
 "I'll have my lawyer send you the papers, Mr. Lawson," Jefferson Tranton said.
 He showed his guest out and then returned to kiss his daughter's cheek before sitting down behind his desk.

 see me where your mother has gotten those rental-priced kitchen countertop items?"<eop> "She sold them at a grocery store, Miss Tranton. And they are extremely durable. And pricing is extremely competitive. Instead of selling them at Tesco, I chose them at Wal-Mart."
-
