I wish to thank every member of the Commission, as well as the many others who have helped us, for their time and vision.
 The Member Secretary, Mr Garry Jacobs, however, merits a special mention for his total dedication to the principles which inspired the setting up of ICPF.
 Throughout the last five years, he has devoted his time and extraordinary talent to the work of the Commission.
 He has been the principal catalyst of the Commission's work.
 In his heavy responsibilities, he has been ably supported by Robert J. Macfarlane and Robert van Harten.
 I wish to record our sincere gratitude to this unique trio.
 Our work has been largely supported by grants from UNDP and UNESCO.
 UNESCO also provided the services of Dr Maurice Goldsmith, Director, International Science Policy Foundation, to edit this report.
 It has been a privilege working with Dr Goldsmith, an editor of extraordinary wit and wisdom.
 I am indebted to Mr Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Secretary General of the United Nations; Dr Federico Mayor, Director General of UNESCO; and Mr James Gustave Speth, Administrator of UNDP, for their support and encouragement.

 is a pleasure to record our most heartfelt thank you, both to the authors of the Commission's work, but also to the work of the Commission, to both the scientific community and technical community, and, at the end of the day, to the members of UNESCO. The Chairman, Dr Maurice
-
But she was fascinated, not scared.
 The cart made to resemble a bicycle took them through the air above a moonlit village, and she squeezed Rick's hand in delight rather than fear.
 She enjoyed it so much that they got back in line and rode again.
 But as much as she enjoyed the "E.T."
 ride, it couldn't compare to the "Back to the Future" ride.
 That was really like flying--even more than in the airplane.
 It was more like having wings of her own, soaring high and low, below bridges and over mountains.
 "We really never left the ground?"
 she asked Rick as they waited to ride it a second time.
 "No.

 you left the ground," she said. "You never really left the earth," Rick said.<eop> They were back to the road, and they rode the top of the cart and took a couple of pictures on the side of the mountain. They saw the cart, and they rode it
-
“I’m so happy you can finally join us!” Crystalla was dressed in a hunting jacket with a dark blue top underneath.
 She had dark green pants with simple brown boots.
 A gleaming sword was slung on her back.
 My heart ached because she somewhat resembled Seth.
 Man, I missed his stubbornness.
 “Yup we’re happy too,” Emily said with a sigh.
 “So, um, what did you need?” I asked.
 She nodded.
 “Right, you must meet your destiny.
 It’s a shame the other one couldn’t be here right now.” She looked upset but she wiped it away with a small smile.

 happy. Seth was happy. Emily was happy I was happy. Crystalla was happy. I continued to think. Then, I looked around and there came a picture come to my mind. The picture was a picture. Emily was a little small and pale. She had her hair down in a messy
-
“You surprise me.
 It truly is a pleasure to meet you.”
 “And it is a pleasure to meet the elf that my brother is so smitten for.”
 Aurelia giggled at Harruq’s squirming.
 “He’s a loveable puppy dog, but I do not think he is smitten.
 Are you, Harruq?”
 “Um, course not,” the half-orc said.
 Aurelia and Qurrah shared a quick, knowing smile.
 The frail half-orc’s face lost much of its lifelessness, and a gentle caring filled his eyes.
 His seriousness quickly buried it, but Aurelia had seen enough.

 ..... he was to find her. He was to find her heart, her beauty. The elf had her.... she was.... she was beautiful, and he was going to find her. He was to find her heart, find her, and find
-
“You would challenge for knighthood,” said Imeralda quietly.
 “That is not a bad idea, while the Guild will be on the hunt for you, they would not expect you to be in such an event, and you will be surrounded by other warriors.
 They would have no room to suspect you.” “There are a few problems.
 I would need to show proof that I was a squire, which I have,” said Rodregas.
 As he spoke he reached into his pouch and pulled out his old Squire patch.
 He showed them the old beaten cloth, the one memento that he had taken with him from his old life.
 The only problem would be if someone asked too many questions about when and where he had trained.
 “It might not work,” said Rodregas.
 “but I think it worth the effort to try.” Doi’van nodded but said, “It is a worthy goal, but what of me?
 The knighthood is mostly a human thing; Hellborn especially will not be welcome to attend the event.” Rodregas nodded but said, “If you are ok with calling yourself and acting as my sworn man,  you could enter the Cathedral and stay with me.

 that,” said Doi’van, and he then said, “I thought that I would challenge you to be a sworn man.” He replied softly, “Yes, Sir Rodregas.” He nodded at the older Doi’van and said, “That is a good idea.
-
A far higher percentage of the European workforce was engaged in agriculture 25 years ago and has since shifted to non-agricultural sectors, an adjustment that occurred in the United States during earlier decades.
 During the 1980s Europe chose a high-wage path to growth, passing on the benefits to the existing workforce but creating relatively few new jobs; whereas the United States, with a similar economic growth rate over the decade, showed lower income growth per worker, but a steadily rising employment rate.
 Europe is now confronted with the need for structural adjustment to compensate.
 In the United States, the extent of the unemployment problem is partially disguised in the form of low-wage jobs, which distribute total income over a larger number of workers.
 Twenty per cent of all full-time US workers have incomes that fall below the official poverty line for a family of four, though only a quarter of these live in households whose total income is below the poverty line.
 Real wages in the United States have not risen significantly over the last 20 years due to the dramatic increase in the supply of labour as a result of a 62 per cent increase in female participation since 1960 and the entrance of the baby-boom generation into the workforce.
 However, America’s ‘family living standard’ has still risen by 40 per cent since 1970.
 Within the next decade, the aging of the population is expected to reduce job pressures and even lead to labour shortages in some European countries.
 Job growth has been quite rapid in the developing countries over the last forty years, more than doubling total employment.
 The single most important factor behind rising numbers of unemployed persons and increasing absolute numbers of families below the poverty line in developing countries has been the 2.4-fold expansion of population in the Third World, and more than doubling of the economically active population since 1950, which have resulted in a 4 per cent decline in the overall employment rate.

 end of this period, the rapid expansion of employment, income and employment, employment and poverty in developing countries is expected to reduce the overall decline of the employment rate, the overall level of poverty and the overall growth of the population. In contrast, there is a decline in the overall unemployment rate in developed
-
BG: 	We were together about a year, I think.
 It lasted about a year.
 She was there when we recorded some of our first songs, I remember that.
 She loved, uh, “Hayley Mill’s Underpants.”  For some reason, she thought that was her song.
 Maybe because Carol was a young woman who loved lingerie.
 And, as a young man, who appreciated a young woman who loved lingerie, well, we had some fiery times.
 Hot as monkeys.
 She had these little white things…I don’t know where she got ‘em.
 Let’s move onto a higher plane.
 I guess you want to hear about the recording of Turntable Poison.

 ................................: I guess you want to hear the recording of Turntable Poison, the recording. Turn.. Poison.<eop> BG:
-
The shape was a powerfully built dragon with wings partially spread as if getting ready to fly.
 But unlike a real dragon this one had three heads at the end of long serpentine necks; one was that of a wolf, one was of an eagle and one was of a lion.
 “What is it?” he asked Doi’van.
 “A Bunei.
 They are powerful fighters, but also lead packs of daemons in combat and have powerful magical abilities.
 Most of these others are powerful and dangerous, but a Bunei is more than a simple fighter of the Infernals.
 I am actually surprised to see they’re with the other beasts.
 I thought them a type of Greater Daemon.
 I think I might see what happens when I touch it,” Doi’van said.
 “Is that wise?” Rodregas asked.

 it is. “This one is a monster. I don’t know anything about it. I want you to know........ it is not a mace, a trident, not a dragon, a swords, not a.......
-
My throat was too raw to speak, so Chevelle gave me a canteen.
 I would have taken anything, but I was glad it was water, not hot wine or that foul-tasting elixir.
 “What happened?” I finally choked out, but they were tight-lipped.
 “How do you feel?” Chevelle asked.
 His tone was off, a little shaky.
 I couldn’t tell if he was cross or something else.
 There was something so familiar about him, the way he leaned over me, but my thoughts weren’t working right yet.
 I tried to clear my head before answering.
 “I don’t know.” It was the best I could do.
 “Are you hurt?” “No.” He glanced at my hands, wrapped tightly around the neck of the container, and then back at me.

 you don’t know?” I asked.<eop> “No, no, you don’t,” Chevelle replied with a grin. He put hands on my chest to clear my throat, so I put my hands back in the container. I looked into his eyes.<eop> “What?” Chevelle
-
I traded tickets with Suzanne Bergerman, so we get to sit together!"
 Life couldn't get any better.
 I was going to Les Misérables with Rachel, and I only had two more hours before Brandon would be taking me home.
 Chapter 16 My time with Brandon blurred by too quickly.
 It was like the time between when he picked me up and dropped me off didn't even exist.
 One moment I'd be blah and mundane, then next I'd be with him and the world was perfect.
 When I was by myself, it was hard to believe it all hadn't been a dream.
 Thursday morning flew by, it was like I blinked and it was already time for Mrs. Campbell's class.
 A number of the other girls, and even a couple of the guys, stopped by my desk before the bell rang to congratulate me on winning the last ticket to Les Misérables.
 Britney wasn't one of them.

 her desk next to me and she struggled with tears and words like """ """"""" """"" """""" ""..." She was going to get back to me. I had to go home.
-
The three others had black featureless stone that Rodregas did not recognize.
 As he followed Doi’van into the shadows of the distant arch Rodregas smelled what had attracted Doi’van, the odor of brimstone and hellfire.
 Rodregas stepped back in shock; what was that smell of the Infernal Realm doing here in the Cathedral of the Heavens?
 Doi’van however, did not step back but stepped forward, reaching out to the stone.
 When he touched it, suddenly there was a doorway.
 It was the twin of the main entrance, except here there were no guards.
 Doi’van reached for the long handle, but Rodregas quickly said, “Stop!” Doi’van looked back at him and Rodregas could see that he was under no magical geis controlling his will, just curiosity of what the source of the Infernal smell was down here.
 But what Doi’van said to him was, “Where is Imeralda?” At these words Rodregas whirled around and looked around throughout the great chamber.
 Both of their eyes were drawn to where they heard a third door being opened.
 As they had found a door smelling of the fires of hell, so apparently had Imeralda found a door.

 gas looked at a long stone wall and saw a gap in the hole that had been left in the wall, revealing a chamber with a fourth door and a smell of ash and fire. As he looked around Rodregas could see that the smell was both a smell of the fire and smell of
-
I looked to Ruby, but she could not help me now.
 Beyond her, a line of long flowing robes marched through the mist… coming for us.
 The sight gave me strength, or courage, or blinding stupidity.
 I didn’t know, but I went with it with everything I had.
 I was trapped against the wall, unable to move, but there was one thing I could do.
 The sun broke through the clouds and I saw precisely what I needed.
 A shadow crossed the ground in front of us, a hawk flying overhead.
 The corner of my mouth pulled up in a smile as I closed my eyes to join him.
 The scene from above was just as incomprehensible.
 I focused on one thing at a time.

 did I have to do what was to do......... What was what I was to do. Who was to help me. What was I to do. How was I to help Ruby?<eop> Every one of my tasks was to begin with Ruby....
-
Art – Over there by the exit, pens and all.
 The pens are free supplied by the gallery, so make sure you snag one as a souvenir.
 Karen –I might do that.
 Thank you.
 Art – (turns to leave and search for Jim) Any time for a pretty young woman.
 Karen – Do you work for Elizabeth Struan?
 Art – No, I don’t even work at this gallery.
 I repair electrical appliances and the like.
 A simple television repairman am I.
 Karen – Are you one of her fan’s then?

 Yes and yes. Karen –.................. do I have any time for that. Art – No, Thank you. Karen – I might do that
-
The Bugs did “For Kim, Because it All Went by So Fast.”
 CM:  	The Bugs?
 BG:  	Memphis group.
 Did some great stuff and then—poof!—they pulled a Pynchon.
 Whereabouts unknown, you know?
 I think I was credited there as Dead Byrd Rung.
 CM:  	Are there more?
 BG: 	Reams, googobs, myriad, sundry, lots and lots and lots.
 But, it’s getting boring.
 Your readers, you know…

 ... Readers, you know.... sssss, and forth and forth, and sss, and ssssssssss and forth. CM: The Bugs? MG: The Bugs?
-
I mean you have that look about you.
 Art – I told her that I was an electronics repair-man, that I fixed gizmos and so forth.
 Jim – And she still stuck around?
 Art – She even decided to spend more time with me.
 We went out for coffee and talked for hours.
 I’m seeing her again tomorrow night on a real date.
 Jim – Are you’re sure you’re ready for that?
 Art – Of course I’m sure.
 Do I have to be sure?
 What will I wear?

 Jim – Of course I’m sure I will wear my dress as well. Art – If you dress up for me, then I mean, I have to wear my dress. What do I mean? Even if I don’t wear my dress, I have to wear my dress,
-
“Let’s go home,” he said.
 “I’m thinking that’s a great idea,” Harruq said.
 The two stepped around the bodies of the slain as they headed east, leaving Velixar alone in the emptiness of Cornrows.
 “Incredible,” Velixar said when they were gone.
 “Never would I have guessed they had such power.” He paused, listening to the words of his master.
 The man in black smiled.
 “If you didn’t know then I do not feel as blind,” he said.
 “He will surpass me.
 Surpass us all.
 Should I bring him to your dark paladins?”

 .................. paladins?........ to the dark?,......................
-
Karen – Yes, this is supposed to be a friendly family game.
 Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.
 Jim – It’s only going to get worse.
 Eugene – I’m glad this only happens once a year.
 Art – Still aching from last years defeat are you?
 Liz – He’s like our very own Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
 Jim – Just wait until the game begins.
 He’s more like Bruce Banner and the Incredible Hulk.
 Karen – I’m sure he’ll be well behaved, won’t you sweetie?
 Art – I’m always on the strait and narrow.

 – I know, be the one’s there, OK? Jim – I know, I know, Karen – ok, it’s okay, I don’t know, I just didn’t want to see the movie. He’s an interesting character. Liz
-
He frowned and pulled a piece or two out of his head.
 His eyes widened, and I laughed at the shock on his face.
 If we were dead, which was my best guess, why not poke fun at him?
 Seth smiled at me.
 “Well, yes but you have green hair.
 It’s bright green, like neon green.” I shoved my hair in front of my face.
 It was bright green all right.
 I stood up and examined myself.
 I was wearing light brown hunting boots and tight black pants made out of some sort of light cloth.
 A thick woven jacket was shielding me from the October cold.

 the back of my head, I looked down and saw Seth a third of the way to the ground. I just stared into his eyes. They looked like a green eyes, like they looked like... they looked like a green eyes, like they looked like my green eyes, like my eyes
-
We were numb.
 Our son was 6’2” about 135 pounds and addicted to one of the most powerful drugs on the street: Oxycontin.
 What would happen to him?
 Would he get busted again, overdose or die in a drug deal gone bad?
 We contemplated the worst as we watched what was our son, our first-born, drive off into complete uncertainty.
 We didn’t know Brandon at all, and we really believed we might never see him again.
 On the day of his birth which seemed like yesterday, I had watched as his little body took its first breath and now I felt like I might be watching him take his last.
 We chose not to tell any of my wife’s family because we were quite frankly, embarrassed.
 My wife’s family was similar to the 1950s TV Cleavers, and we didn’t think they would understand, so for now it remained a family secret.
 I selfishly didn’t want their advice or opinions because I didn’t expect them to ever understand.

 a child, I was also very young. I was young, but I was very young, very young. I was young, very young, but I was young. I was young, you were young, but we were not aware of the difference we had in our own lives. The difference was
-
“A wish gladly granted,” Aurelia said, a tiny smile finally cracking free.
 “So where is it we should go?”
 Qurrah glanced at his brother and shrugged.
 “The only homes we have known are Woodhaven and Veldaren.
 I doubt either will gladly accept us.”
 “I have never been to Veldaren,” Aurelia said.
 “Although I have heard it is beautiful, in its own way.
 I can get us inside, if all you fear are the gate guards.
 The edict to banish elves is foolish, anyway.
 After the casualties he took in Woodhaven, the king should be forced to revoke it lest any human villages be attacked.”

 we need the.... the city,” Aurelia continued. “If the outcome of this war is to be decided the way to go to the city is........................
-
Because they intended to kill me, not capture.
 They intended to kill us all.
 And without magic, bound as I was, I didn’t stand a chance.
 My anxiety must have shown; Ruby shifted her jaw.
 “No.” I held up a hand up to stop her.
 “No more dust.” I stood.
 “Let’s just get back.
 Back to training.” They didn’t argue, though they were plainly concerned.
 We went to the ridge with the others, but we didn’t train.
 In fact, I was fairly certain Ruby and Chevelle were avoiding me.

 went to the ridge. “No. No, we don’t train.” I didn’t go back to training. We went to the ridge with the others. “.... let’s...... let’s.... let’
-
Really?
 I didn't realize you even had anyone working today."
 Mom listened for several more seconds and then hung up.
 "They just sent the money.
 Apparently it's for real.
 The bank president was just calling to tell me the money has been confirmed, subject to my accepting the job."
 Now was the time to strike.
 "Mom, go call Mr. Peters, and I'll start pulling your stuff together."
 It's amazing how quickly you can pack when it's for someone else, and they aren't around to tell you what you can or can't throw into their suitcase.
 Even with my lack of sleep starting to catch up with me, I was still essentially done by the time Mom wandered into her room, staring at her phone like she wasn't sure it was really possible for it to have just told her what she'd just heard.

 was finally finally picked up, and as I began to get up, I turned to her.<eop> "Hi, is Mr. Peters?"<eop> "Mr...""""""..."""""""""""""
-
He did not want to use his real name.
 He thought to himself, “Who do I want to be?” “If I’m going to try to fight against the Immortalists, then some sort of name fit for a Celestial Paladin, or maybe one fit for an Infernal adversary was needed,” he thought with a smile.
 The only way he could have survived the ceremony would have been divine intervention, so he said the first thing that came to mind, “You can call me Sir Paladin, that will work for now,” he said it with a smile and a slight snicker at his own joke.
 “Just what kind of Paladin would you be?” Imeralda asked him.
 “Why, it should be obvious to you more than anyone,” Rodregas said with a slight bow to the beautiful half AElf.
 “The kind of heroic Paladin that rescues beautiful maidens in distress and frees’ innocent prisoners from the dungeons of evil sorcerers.” Rodregas could not help but smile at his own line.
 He had always found that a good joke was like a good insult; the best always had enough truth in them to sting.
 Geor smiled, but the others seemed not to have appreciated his little joke.
 The AElf maiden just looked at Rodregas quietly and thoughtfully.
 The Hellborn Orqui smiled, but with a look that said he did it because the other men smiled.

 looked at the AElf maiden and the other man laughed. He smiled, and the other man laughed. He laughed, and then the other man laughed. He laughed, and then laughed. Still smiling, he looked at the AElf maiden and the AElf, and the AE
-
Nobody has ever discovered a wormhole, and none of this stuff has ever been proven."
 Marie sighed.
 "This book isn't hard to follow, but I'm rather skeptical.
 The author says that thought is the way to travel through time.
 He says that if you concentrate hard enough on getting to the time you want to visit, you can do it."
 "Yeah, I found some ideas about that in the other books I read.
 Maybe--" "But that doesn't explain how I came here.
 I wasn't thinking about 2011."
 Rick found his face growing red.
 He'd been thinking about her.

 . "I'm thinking about the future." " " " " "" " "" " " "" "" " "I've been thinking about things over the years. I'm not thinking about the
-
Namely the fact that tomorrow I would have to go enroll in school and try to blend in with a bunch of small-town juniors who'd all probably known each other since they could walk.
 Going to a new school after missing the first month of classes was a prospect likely to generate anxiety in the most outgoing of teenagers, and I was far from that, but it was a different kind of worry.
 As I mapped out all of the things that could, and probably would, go wrong, I could feel my heart slowly settle back down out of my throat.
 If I were pretty or athletic I'd probably manage to fit right in.
 It always seemed like the kids who moved in partway through the year usually had some kind of instant in with the cool crowd, but that probably wouldn't happen for me.
 It wasn't that I didn't want to make friends; I just wasn't very good at it.
 My equilibrium seemed to have returned, so I took a few unsteady steps around to the back of the truck.
 If I didn't return with a box soon Mom would rush out expecting the worst.
 Unless she got caught up visualizing some new project, in which case it would be hours before she thought to come check on me.
 We'd moved the beds and most of the other heavy items in earlier, which helped explain my exhaustion, but that didn't make the pile of remaining items in the back of the truck any less foreboding.

 the back of the truck, it was pretty clear that if I was in the truck, I still had to return to the living room with a big box. I knew that it was going to be in the living room, not in the truck. I lay down flat on the edge of my bed
-
Jim – (nearly dies laughing) Right.
 Art – I was speaking in relative terms.
 Jim – Relative to what?
 Art – Relative to your understanding of women.
 Jim – But I don’t understand them what-so-ever.
 Art – Exactly, which in comparison makes my meager gleanings of knowledge about women in general seem to be the definitive source of information.
 Jim – I’m thinking that two nothings is nothing.
 Art – Sit back and listen to your old man, you’ll learn something, hopefully.
 Jim – What if I don’t end up learning anything?
 Art – Then I’ll finally have proof that you were dropped on your head as a baby.

 Jim – Art – Art... Jim –.... Jim – Hey, I’ve got Jim...... Jim – Jim ....... Jim... (and
-
And, I was, I thought, in love, for only the really second time in my life.
 I wasn’t thinking, like, I gotta leave Lor, it’s gonna be painful, I want to be with this woman, this white light.
 I wasn’t thinking, period.
 Anyway, Lor knows all this—it’s cool, it’s cool.
 Lorelei, you gotta understand, is amazing, she’s like so together, and she understands human nature and sees it for the shoddy stuff that it is, and she accepts everything, man, like all human interaction is innocent, you dig?
 I mean, it hurt her, yeah, she’s human.
 But, she knew I wouldn’t do anything like this lightly.
 She knew it must have been some kind of deep cut for me to persist in it for, what, a couple weeks, a little longer.
 It took a while to get this angel out of my blood—it was like going for detox, you know?
 Shit.

 don’t I cry? Oh, my, God. I mean, yeah. Oh, yeah, it was a whole lot of hard work. I mean, I mean, I, went through it. But, it felt good. I mean, and I was, I like, oh,
-
I reached up to remove the pendant from the hook and squeezed it tight in my fist.
 It felt good, like a connection, and I slid the leather chain over my head, pulling the pendant down to rest on my chest.
 It felt right there and I knew I should have been wearing it all along.
 As I let go, I realized I’d gotten blood on my hands, so I headed to the hall and poured water from the pitcher into a ceramic basin.
 Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.
 But I had to clean the blood from my face and straighten the nest of hair on my head.
 When I leaned forward, a flash caught my eye.
 For a moment I thought the pendant was reflecting light from somewhere in the dark hallway, but my brain must have been still muddled from sleep.
 I examined the stone closer and saw blood had gotten smudged there as well, so I rinsed it clean.

 the pendant again, I grabbed it and pulled it out. I tossed it in the basin and stared into the mirror. I poured a pitcher of water, and then I refilled it into the basin. I hurried to climb onto a stool at the table of chairs on the other side of the hall
-
[section break](break.png)
 Harruq arrived at the clearing the next morning at the same time as always.
 Aurelia stepped out from behind a tree, her cold, emotionless face so different from the previous day.
 “We have sparred our two weeks, Harruq,” she said.
 “You have no need to come here.”
 “Yeah, well, you heard what I said yesterday,” Harruq said, his face red.
 “What was that?”
 He kicked a rock.
 “It’s better to spar with another, remember?”
 Aurelia frowned.

 to a tree. Then he held her hand up. “I know,..” “It was a long day," she said, “Yeah, I know..”<eop> “I know” was a shrug, “I know..” “It was a long
-
Was it willing or was it not?”
 The spirit gave no answer.
 The half-orc stood, his hands clenched into fists.
 He hooked them through the air as he repeated his question.
 “Was it willing or not?” he demanded.
 “Yes,” Ahrqur whispered, grimacing as if filled with horrid pain.
 “When she approached me, I offered no resistance.
 Now will you let me return to peace?”
 “Not yet.
 Harruq, would you like to tell him?”

 orc choked out a gasp. “I.... and I...” “Please, please, please, please “ please, please “, “ whispered desperately the wounded spirit. “How can I return to peace?”<eop> “How can I return to peace?”<eop> “
-
The obvious limitations of government-directed agricultural development, coupled with the resurgent popularity of free-market policies following the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe and the successful completion of the GATT negotiations, raise fundamental issues about the status of agriculture and the role of government in this sector.
 Advocates of private enterprise contrast the failures of Eastern European agriculture with the achievements of the industrial nations as ample evidence of the free market’s superior capacity to achieve high levels of agricultural productivity.
 Recently, international and bilateral financial institutions have promoted the market as the most effective instrument for managing agriculture throughout the world.
 This view leaves two questions unanswered.
 First, if the market is so effective, why is it that every major capitalist economy utilizes such a vast array of subsidies, incentives, controls, production quotas and fixed pricing mechanisms to govern production and trade in agricultural products?
 Even after GATT, protection for this sector by industrial nations will remain high.
 Second, granted that the market works effectively for mature capitalist societies with high levels of technology, education, productivity, living standards and food surpluses, and relatively small portions of the workforce dependent on agriculture, is the same necessarily true for countries at an earlier stage of development, in which (1) a majority of the workforce is dependent on agriculture for sustenance, (2) levels of education, productivity and incomes are low, and (3) any increase in food prices can have a devastating impact on food consumption levels in the country?
 The answers to these questions are relevant both to the countries presently making the transition from centrally planned to market economies in Eastern Europe and to poorer developing countries striving to achieve food security.
 Nations accord special status to their agricultural sector for several reasons.
 Continuous supplies of food are absolutely essential to the welfare of the population.

 food supply is a fundamental measure of food quality, quantity, and nutritional value as much as it is a measure of food production. To the contrary, the agricultural sector provides a vital contribution to social and economic development in developing countries, to both productivity and income, and to living standards and incomes.
-
He looked for a moment like he was going to say something, but then his phone started vibrating again, and he simply nodded as he turned and walked away, moving much faster by himself than he did when I was with him.
 As I stared at the empty space where he'd been standing just a second before, I felt my chest start to constrict, and my breathing speed up.
 The sense of terror racing along my synapses was completely irrational, and extraordinarily powerful.
 Just as the room began to spin crazily around me, I felt a gentle touch on my shoulder.
 "Mistress Paige, is there anything I can get you?
 Something to eat perhaps?
 Or if you'd rather, I can show you to the theater."
 I chopped off a hysterical burst of laughter just before it managed to emerge full force and totally embarrass me.
 Of course Alec had a theater in his house.
 Probably a pool and a gym too.

 I didn't have much to do in the room. I was glad to see Alec, sure, but I really didn't know what he was, where he was going, or if he was anywhere else so I had to give him a "look." And he didn't
-
When they neared the firelight, they stopped to plan.
 “So what should we do?” Harruq asked.
 “They are not asleep,” Qurrah said.
 “Something keeps them awake.
 I fear they know of our arrival.”
 “Velixar?”
 “I believe so.
 He tests us again.”
 Harruq patted his swords.
 “So be it.

 to........ and plan.” They neared the fire, and started. “What is it?” When they.................They neared the firelight, and they are very near the fire
-
“Can you stop them?” Harruq asked, squinting at the sky.
 “Perhaps,” said Qurrah, eyes distant and unfocused.
 “But orcs don’t use necromancy, not if the stories I’ve heard are true.
 Someone else travels with them—someone who must be strong.”
 “When it comes to this mind stuff, no one’s stronger than you.”
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “We’ll see.”
 He closed his eyes, letting his mind sink into the ether.
 Like scent to a bloodhound, Qurrah could sense the magic flowing all about him.
 The flame surrounding the skulls flared even brighter, but beneath their tails trailed long threads of silver.

 , the magic flowed, flowing strong and deep throughout his body.<eop> In the... ether, Qurrah began to commune with the... the......... the..........
-
Liz – Would you use it?
 Jim – Only on people who insisted on singing karaoke, when it’s obvious that they have no talent for singing whatsoever.
 Liz – Deal, but I get to pick the sword.
 Jim – It better be functional and not one of those goofy looking fantasy swords that you’re always buying.
 Liz – Hey, those swords are designed to be are intimidating, and they do a good job of it.
 But that doesn’t matter.
 What do you think?
 Jim – I like that brightly colored one in the corner over there, the one with all the swirls.
 It just looks so happy and cheerful.
 Liz – That one is called ‘Ode to Chaos’ it’s about a fight my parents had.

 their first fight in God’s name. They just got so tired of fighting. Liz – I think that’s isn’t even talking about the sword. I mean, think about it...<eop> Hmm...<eop> ‘Ode to Chaos or Chaos is
-
He helped me up, this time holding me only by one arm.
 I took a deep breath.
 “I’m okay now, I think.” His lips twisted again, but I couldn’t make out the expression.
 I could barely look him in the eyes.
 I attempted every type of magic he could come up with, to no avail.
 I was beyond frustrated.
 Worse, I could tell he was being gentle on purpose, afraid I would break.
 I thought of what he’d said before, the dangers of messing with the bindings.
 He must have read it on my face.
 “That’s enough for now.

 I said, “I think.”<eop> “That’s too much.” “Okay. It’s time to go to our home.” “We’re going to bed.” “I have to. I’m just too tired.” “He gets up.” “
-
No doubt Don will read my vision of Eric’s death as sacrifice and consider it a symptom of a narcissistic belief that the world revolves around me.
 The problem I find with such an explanation is, it wouldn’t answer a single question about why Eric knew all he did.
 So I’ll risk having friends like Don intervene to get me committed.
 Because, even if I only saw a long shot chance that Eric died to rescue me, from death, from perdition, from a wasted life, or from a danger I can’t imagine, consider what a cold-blooded wretch I would have to be if I failed to give him his due.
 And Olga was so beautiful, I won't allow her to be forgotten.
 My Girl
 At home after the trip’s longest drive, the whole length of California including the purgatorial L.A. freeways, when Zoë’s grandma leaves I think about waking my girl.
 She has only been asleep a half-hour.
 I decide to only contemplate her face for a minute then leave her be.
 After all, we have years together, God willing.

 I have a good girl. I’m going to love her more, to please her more, and the more I want her more, the more of my girl, the better, the more. I want to know her, to be a part of her, to know her. I don’
-
We had stopped to camp when, over dinner, Steed announced he would be leaving us the next morning, heading east.
 His easy humor had become a comfort to me during the long days, our quiet evenings a pattern I knew I would miss.
 The disappointment must have shown on my face.
 He reached a hand up and brushed my hair behind an ear.
 “Don’t worry, sunshine, I will see you again.” I smiled a little and he winked at me.
 Chevelle stiffened at my side as he often did when Steed touched me so casually, and I couldn’t help but think of being alone with him after tonight.
 My stomach tightened and suddenly in comparison the mountains didn’t seem like such a big deal.
 The next morning Steed said goodbye privately to Chevelle and then came to where I stood with the horses, stroking one’s neck.
 “You’ll remember me, butterfly?” I smiled in return.
 “Always.” “Yes, well, at least as long as he’s yours.” He patted the horse.

 up at me. I smiled up at him. I smiled. I smiled at him.<eop> “Tomorrow, you beautiful butterfly, you’ll see me.” He took to the reins and looked up at me, warmly. “Thank you, you butterfly.” He returned to the
-
It was strange to read about herself, although, as Rick had told her, it didn’t say much.
 “Are you sure it originally said all that about Davis and our having children and-and .
 .
 .
 my death?” “Yeah.
 That-that’s part of what made me start thinking about you.
 That and your picture.
 You were so beautiful, and I couldn’t imagine anyone treating you the way Davis had.
 The article said you were vibrant and fun-loving before your marriage.
 That captured my imagination, I guess, and I was sitting in the garden drinking tea and thinking about you, imagining what you were like and what your life must have been like before your marriage.

 , at the end of the article, I started to think about you and thinking about your death. I didn’t know how to feel. I loved you, looked forward to you, and missed you.”<eop> Rick said she wanted to pick up the book and talk about it. She said
-
The air was brisk.
 I ran my hands over my arms to warm them.
 I started as black swirled around me.
 Chevelle had thrown a cloak over my shoulders.
 He moved in front of me to hook the clasp, his dark eyes piercing as he stood so close.
 My heart stuttered when he leaned in, our faces unbearably near.
 Just before he touched me, his cheek slid alongside mine, his mouth at my ear.
 I froze as he spoke low, his breath on my neck sending a shiver through me.
 “Stay.
 Still.” He was gone.

 was not in the room.<eop> I steadied my hands and walked around the other way to hook the clasp. Chevelle looked at the end of the cloak. “I saw. He was a little boy.... but he was dead....,” I
-
Possibly that was his plan.
 If she'd totally abandoned him then her children would've all died."
 I felt my eyelids begin to flutter, as my breathing slowed to match Alec's.
 "Whether that was his intent or not, the Sun didn't completely abandon him, either out of respect for what they'd shared, or possibly out of concern for her children.
 Once it became apparent that the Earth and Sun were through with each other, the Moon began to court her.
 Doomed to touch only briefly during the rare solar eclipses, they nevertheless became beloved, one to the other.
 The greatest sign of the Moon's devotion to the Sun came about when he sent his children down to the Earth to watch over and protect the sunborn, or dayborn as they are most often called."
 Alec's pause was long enough that I think I nodded off, but the sound of his voice once he resumed talking pulled me back awake.
 "Originally there were just two of the moonborn, a pair of brothers called Adjam and Inock.
 Unbeknown to the Moon, the Earth had anticipated his great gesture of love, and sent forth a plague upon the land.

 ", ", ",",", "", "", ","", ", ",", "", ",,", ", "", ",, "...
-
Chapter 4
 I heard muffled voices around me as I regained consciousness.
 My head throbbed slightly, and so did my side and my tongue.
 That explained why I had tasted blood; I must have bitten it.
 For a second I thought I had returned to my human self when I heard a blast of fire that probably came from Emily.
 “Seth when will she wake up?” a voice said.
 Then I realized it was Emily.
 “She’s alive and she’ll wake up soon.
 Stop nagging me,” a different voice said that was obviously Seth’s.
 He was really close to me because I could feel his breath on my face and his voice was very loud.

 with me,” I gulped and coughed. I assumed the voice next to me was the voice of Seth’s voice. Because Emily was on the side of me and the other voices were nearby I made the assumption that the voice in the next to me was Seth’s actual voice. I
-
That he settled for being Livingston Taylor is the story’s twist, what gives it verisimilitude.
 Life is unpredictable, like a chemistry experiment.
 Like The River.
 Skippy and Crafty were not even angry with Buddy, to hear them tell it today.
 Skippy works at Ardent and Crafty is a driver for UPS, but they recall those grand days with Buddy with something like ardor.
 “He was way ahead of all of us,” Skippy says.
 “His energy came from someplace else.” At any rate in early 1970, having witnessed the death of some of the gods, Buddy Gardner turned his back on Memphis, moved to L.A. with Lorelei, who then just as suddenly disappeared.
 Like a genii whose work is done.
 Some say she turned to making porno films.
 Some say she works in television.

 y and Buddy say she was raised in Hollywood. She was ama,ma,ma, ma, ma,ma,ma, ma,ma, ma, an actress, a singer, and a real person. Buddy says, “She was a real person, and a
-
"He died.
 He drowned trying to save his little cousin."
 She drew in a deep breath.
 "I believe in strong morals, but for a long time I wished that I had given myself to him.
 I wished I'd had the memories of that to sustain me.
 And I wished--"  She stopped, pressing her lips together.
 Marie looked at her.
 "You wished he'd gotten you with child."
 Mrs. Tranton nodded, finally meeting her daughter's eyes again.
 "It would have made life difficult, and it would have been a shame and an embarrassment to my family.

 I." Mrs. Tranton, finally looking into her daughter's eyes. "I--" I---" "..."""."""..."...""..""""...""
-
The largest stepped forward, boasting deep brown hair and eyes.
 He wore plain clothing but his broad shoulders and massive size made him seem regal.
 “They name me Anvil but I am Reed, of Keithar Peak.” His voice was thick, though it was impossible to tell whether it was an accent or he had difficulty speaking.
 He was huge, frighteningly so, but something about him drew me in.
 I wanted to be his friend for no reason I could rationalize.
 He walked to me and reached out his hand in greeting.
 As I took it in mine, a tingle ran up my arm, the fine hairs standing on end.
 Anvil smiled.
 “Apologies.
 I will try to avoid touching you.” “It’s fine, really,” I said, though I didn’t understand.

 just meant to touch you.” I looked him in the eyes, trying to understand why, to want to touch me. As I looked at him, I was confused. I don’t know why...maybe I’m meant to be touching you.<eop> He nodded. “I
-
It was early morning and anyone already drinking would hardly be useful.
 Instead, he stopped the first random passerby that appeared to be a kindly person.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked, butchering the pronunciation.
 The passerby, an elderly woman, sneered at him.
 “Have fun finding that forest slut,” she said before walking on.
 Harruq shrugged, deciding his ability to pick kindly people wasn’t very impressive.
 He tried again, this time with a tired man trudging down the street.
 “Never heard of her,” the man said.
 A few more unsuccessful attempts sent Harruq away from Singhelm and further into Celed.
 There the reception toward him took a significant turn for the worse.

 man standing limped along the street in a robe. Another man stood on a side of a dais in a white robe. After a few seconds, the man walked away. He tried, again. The man shrugged off the situation and walked back down the street. He was stopped by a
-
I saw a flash of fire off to the side.
 Emily was fine.
 I twisted around so that the troll charged past me.
 I turned and plunged my knife into its back before it could respond and it fell to the ground.
 I felt pain flare in my right foot and looked down to see a frost beast with its teeth in my leg.
 When I tried to pull away, in bit down harder.
 “Ow,” I yelped.
 “Ow,ow,ow, get the heck off me!” I slashed downward and the frost beast let go of my leg.
 It zipped between my legs and launched itself at my left leg.
 I stepped to the side and slammed my foot on the beast’s back.

 was okay. I looked back and said it was okay. Emily.<eop> I pulled away and stabbed at its back. I tried my best to break my legs and run past the troll and get at it. I turned and threw my knife and stabbed back at it again. I was able to get
-
“I desire panic and bloodshed all across the east!”
 Aurelia summoned a magical shield about her body.
 The fireballs thudded three feet from her body and detonated.
 The two nearest buildings crumpled, their walls and roofs blown back by the power.
 The elf winced, nearly knocked to her knees by the force.
 “What madness gives you such a desire?” she asked, sending forth the strongest spells she knew.
 Several lances of ice flew down the street, followed by a ball of magma.
 The ball rolled behind the lances, covering the ground in flame.
 Velixar laughed.
 A wave of his hand created a similar shield as Aurelia’s, but instead of keeping it close to his body, he shoved it forward.

 between the three lances, touching the ground. He still laughed, eyeing the ball and the cloud of magma on the ground. He sent the flames into the sky, and hit the villains with a handful of arrows. He’s fast and strong, and with a
-
“Come on,” Rodregas said.
 “Let’s get to shelter before dark.” As he headed into the hidden hollow the orchard became clear.
 He was sure that at one point it had straight rows and a pattern to it.
 But the orchard had been wild for a very long time.
 While there was a bunch of fruit trees and berry bushes, most were the descendants of the original orchard and it was hard to find anything that reassembled a straight row.
 The apples trees were in fruit and they all started grabbing a few of each to eat as they went.
 Rodregas was not much of a farmer and did not know what the different types were named, but he liked the small green ones with the yellow splotches; they were sweet with a wonderful tang.
 “You know,” said Doi’van, “Hiding on a ley line definitely makes sense for keeping the Immortalists off our back and these apples are delicious.” Rodregas stared at him as he ate.
 Humans ate around the core, but Doi’van was eating the whole apple as he talked.
 “And I love the feel of all the magic.

 “. “. “... “. “ “..” “.... “”.... “. “... “. “” “. “..”.... “What?” Rodregas.<eop> “ “. “. “
-
(They shake hands)
 Jim – Good to finally meet you.
 Karen – Art has told me a lot about you.
 So has Elizabeth.
 Jim – They’ve told you a lot about me?
 Karen – Yes they have.
 Jim – Was any of it mildly interesting?
 Karen – I thought so.
 Jim – The must have lied then.
 Karen – Art, you didn’t mention that he was witty.

 . Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim – I thought so... Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim.... Jim, I don’t know... Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim Jim, Jim. Jim was funny. Jim,
-
I'd marveled more than once since getting to Utah, at just how big some of the pickup trucks I saw driving around were.
 It seemed like nobody was willing to drive anything around the way it came off of the showroom floor.
 Everything had bigger wheels, and suspension that lifted it up several inches.
 Vincent's truck had more in common with the beasts in monster truck rallies than it did with the souped-up vehicles I'd seen driving around town.
 The tires were the biggest I'd seen on anything outside of a tractor, and the lift kit on it was so outrageously tall that I was pretty sure someone was going to have to lift me into the cab.
 By myself it was going to take a rope and climbing shoes.
 Of course it was black.
 I couldn't imagine Vincent in anything other than a black vehicle.
 Predictably, Vincent was rubbing down his vehicle, but the exercise seemed more targeted to giving him a chance to walk around with his shirt off than it did with cleaning up the already immaculate truck.
 Based on the way the cheerleader types by the garage were watching him, it was working.

 had a pickup truck on the back, and the back of the truck was a tractor on the other side. I said it looked more like a tractor. She basically said. "It's black. And it's black."...........
-
It taught me to play, whatever came to me from the ozone of the past.
 I think the first thing I picked out on it was “Feelin’ Alright.”  Can that be right, timewise?
 I don’t know.
 Maybe it was “Baby Let’s Play House.”  I remember doing “Baby Let’s Play House” at school, on the blacktop playground of Idlewild Elementary, for Mike and Mark and little Patty Grabenhorst, on whom I had the worst kind of crush.
 I think I wanted to play music, initially, to please her, to catch her attention.
 Isn’t that always the way, man, we fucking men, looking for female approval?
 Patty Grabenhorst.
 Just saying the name is like a spell to me.
 Man, I wonder where that chick is today—she must have grown up to be something.
 She moved away before high school, but, already you could see the beauty there.

 , it was a spell on me, and for the best. I was never quite the same as her. I knew if I was ever going to get to the next level for her, that I could do it. I thought she..........I didn’
-
Changes in values, attitudes, structures and policies will be necessary.
 Unless concerted action steps are taken, global unemployment will increase by 130 million during the 1990s.
 Our thesis is that there is a great deal that can be done to prevent this outcome and even reverse the trend, leading to sharply reduced levels of unemployment and progressive eradication of poverty over the next decade.
 How can we make such an optimistic prognosis in the face of the rising number of unemployed and rising concern of governments everywhere?
 Before presenting our case, it is necessary to challenge several basic concepts about job creation and unemployment.
 Destroying Myths about Job Destruction
 Two common, but pervasive, myths have gained ground that add an aura of scientific determinism to the fatalism regarding rising un employment: the first relates to technology, the second to trade.
 The notion that science and technology will eventually eliminate the need and, consequently, the opportunity for human productive labour has been gaining ground since the early years of the Industrial Revolution, and, with the advent of automated production lines, computers and industrial robots, it has attained the status of accepted truth.
 Each generation welcomes with foreboding the advent of new technologies, attracted by their potential benefits and frightened by the immediate costs they impose.
 But contrary to popular conception and empirical observation, there is little evidence to support the thesis that technological development is responsible for rising levels of unemployment in the medium to long term.

 1..........., the number of the...,. 1........, and. 1....., and. 1...... and....
-
He covered her hand with his, smiling.
 "Now turn the key until you hear the car start and then let go."
 She turned it and let go as soon as she heard a noise.
 But then the noise stopped.
 The second time she held the key longer, jerking her hand away when she heard a grinding sound.
 "What did I do?"
 "You kept the key turned too long.
 It's OK--you'll get the feel of it.
 The motor's running, so put your foot on the brake.
 OK, now press the button in on the handle there and move it to D."  When she'd done that, he said, "Now let your foot off the brake."

 """ she said. "Oh, well, I'm not going to have a problem with it, now am I right?" she said, and he covered her hand. "Oh yeah," he said, and smiled, "Now, turn the key until the
-
Still am."
 He offered his employer a slight smile.
 "You and I have discussed this before, but never officially.
 I would like to do so now.
 Marie and I have been seeing each other for nearly eight months now, sir--" "Davis, my boy, no need to be so formal.
 I know your intentions.
 I even helped design them."
 He chuckled at his own joke.
 "You want to marry my daughter."
 "Yes, sir."

 ..." ".." "." ".."..".".."."."... ".." ".
-
Cindy:  The creator is the one who gives order to the universe.
 The creator likes us all to play their part.
 Greg:  What part is that?
 Cindy:  For me I pretend to be a rodeo clown.
 Now get back to your part.
 Greg:  Why though?
 Cindy: So you don’t make the creator angry.
 Greg:  I don’t want to be a grill jockey at mc Donalds anymore.
 Cindy:  What?
 Greg: I mean, what other wonderful things am I capable of?

 What are you? Greg: Well, if I feel like I could be a creator, what would I would like to do for my part? Greg: I want to be in the heavens. The stars, the comets, the hooves. I would like to be the
-
"OK." "I haven't had a chance to make breakfast.
 Since it's so early, why don't I do that before we go out to the garden?"
 He started to say that he wasn't hungry, but he wanted to put off her walk in the garden as long as possible.
 So he helped her make breakfast and then managed to swallow most of his.
 Out in the garden, he took her hands, gazing down at her.
 "I won't kiss you like I did yesterday.
 But I want you to know how very much I love you."
 She smiled, raising her lips to his for a brief kiss.
 As she wandered off, Rick focused his mind on the TV shows they'd watched last night.
 He replayed all the details of the plots, being sure that he saw, in his mind's eye, all the colors.

 ...".." "... I was a........,,,.,,......... I was...."<eop><eod>
-
New traditions, strange food, and apparently we were now a new religion—it was Greek to me.
 It is odd as a ten year old to have someone introduced to you as your new family.
 “This is your Aunt, this is your Uncle, and this is your cousin”… They didn’t look like us and they didn’t act like us.
 They spoke Greek amongst themselves making Thomas and me feel like outsiders imagining that they were judging us, something we had become accustomed to.
 Large get-togethers were common and we were often at some family event.
 The Greeks do love to host ambitious parties.
 Every birthday and holiday was a huge gathering with all sorts of foods we had never seen and as much as we tried, we couldn’t pronounce.
 Entire lambs roasted slowly over open pit fires.
 Hamburger rolled inside grape leaves.
 Lasagna in white sauce instead of red.

 Cakes cooked in rice.......................... in..................... in......
-
_Hemorrhage!_ ”
 A visible wave of distorted reality crossed the distance between the necromancer and Ahrqur.
 The elf crossed his arms against the blow.
 His mind was nearly overwhelmed by the sudden tearing sensation that hit him.
 Blood splattered from two horrid gashes along his forearms, soaking the carpet crimson.
 He collapsed to one knee, his hands latched around his sword.
 He tried to raise the blade, but all the strength had left his hands.
 He had lost too much blood.
 When Harruq came charging forward, Condemnation red and hungry, all he could do was dodge.
 Condemnation shattered what remained of the table.

 .... the table...................... the table, the table....s.....s................
-
Dwelling on the guilt would just make me think about why I felt guilty in the first place.
 I'd find myself on the floor with no memory of how I'd gotten there.
 By the time I'd brushed my teeth and finished the rest of my nightly ritual, my mind was wholly in the present, and I was starting to get a little depressed.
 I'd never particularly fit in back home, but there'd been enough other people in various fringe groups that I'd always felt like I had somewhere to go if I ever wanted more friends.
 I would've had to play a role to a certain extent, which was why I'd never made the effort, but the option had always been there.
 It didn't look like that'd be a possibility in Sanctuary.
 In an entire day I'd had exactly one person try and befriend me.
 As much as I appreciated the effort, I couldn't shake the feeling Britney was befriending me mostly because she didn't have any other options.
 With Mom becoming less dependable by the day, I was in for a miserable, lonely two years until I could graduate and escape to a big city.
 Hopefully there I could safely find a niche among the other quasi-loners who didn't fit in anywhere else.

 had to accept that I was getting the shit out of me, and that if I didn't work to find something, I just wouldn't really make it through this life. Luckily, I was the only one who was going to take the time, and I didn't regret it.
-
She felt bad for running away from him.
 She knew she must have hurt him, and the last thing in the world she wanted was to hurt Rick.
 He was the sweetest, kindest, most wonderful man in the world, and he couldn't help it if his kisses confused her, made her .
 .
 .
 made her .
 .
 .
 She grew hot as she relived his kisses, remembering how he'd tasted, how he'd made her feel, how-- "Hi, sweetheart."
 Marie jumped, whirling to see Rick come in the door.

 , the sound of him, " " " ", " " ".. "... Marie froze, looking up to see him, at her,... her, coming out of the room, and
-
By her expression she'd decided on being mad.
 "Do you realize what you just did?"
 I was still fresh out of witty comments.
 I just shrugged instead.
 Britney had been mad before, now she looked furious.
 "You just picked sides, and you picked the wrong one."
 Maybe I still wasn't recovered from my ordeal on Friday; I felt like I was missing something obvious.
 Britney apparently agreed, and she wasted no time in letting me know what it was.
 "There are two in-crowds here; Brandon's group, which consists of all of the athletes and cheerleaders, and Alec's group, which is about half the size, and outside of his immediate friends is made up of a few geeks and misfits.
 You were on the border of getting in with Brandon, but just threw all of that away to save Alec's little sister when he's too much of a coward to do it himself."

 Well, you weren't on top of the pile or anything, so you threw it away, and you were right in the middle of it, so you just had to do it. You did it, and you had to fight. Alec was right at the top of the pile, and you
-
CM: 	The Monkees.
 BG:  	Better than they should be.
 Better than we know.
 CM:  	Bobby Darin.
 BG:  	Cool cat.
 Met him once.
 Cool cat.
 CM: 	Ray Charles.
 BG:  	Oh, daddy.
 Uh, well, he’s just The Man, isn’t he?

 : Ray Charles Jr. CM: King Ray Charles ()? CM::::::? CM::::::? BG: What’s going on in the world? CM::::::::? CM::
-
Eugene – Could not, it was the controller damn it!
 Liz – Give me the controller.
 Jim – What for?
 Liz – I’m going to play Johnny with it.
 Jim – Like that’s going to prove anything.
 Johnny – Just give he the controller you whiner.
 Liz  - Thank you.
 (Johnny and Liz play, both making suitable movements.
 Neither are as animated as either Jim or Eugene.
 The game lasts for a couple minutes.)

 – Johnny – Jim – I want him to go to me with it. Jim – Give him the controller for me. Eugene – Johnny – Well, I’m going to play Jim – I’m gonna play Johnny, and Eugene – Give me the controller
-
The picture was sharp, even at this distance, but the colors weren’t as clear, and the outlying shapes not as defined.
 I laughed at myself for adding that detail to my daydream, imagining a bird seeing differently.
 My vision sailed over us, past the ridge, south.
 I imagined seeing the twins, perched in two trees, watching.
 Hardwood bows rested high on their backs.
 The wolves were mostly concealed on the ground, vigilant.
 One glanced up at me, at the bird.
 Someone approaching, robe and tassels blowing in the cool breeze.
 The second wolf looked forward.
 He saw it, too, and abruptly pointed, calling out.

 ed closer, heard the sound of bows ringing, the wolf’s, probably a male, shouting. He looked at the other wolf, too, pointing to the other male wolf.<eop> He grabbed the other robe and tasseled, waving the bird away. He pointed to the other
-
While we contemplated strategy, COMECON and the Warsaw Pact were breaking up, the USSR began to dissolve, democratic institutions began to spread, and command economies started transforming themselves into free market systems.
 These monumental achievements were not purchased without cost.
 Peace was accompanied by partial economic collapse in Eastern Europe.
 It was evident from the outset that the transition in these countries would not be smooth or easy and that the destiny of the world in the twenty-first century would be influenced decisively by the outcome.
 Severe food shortages in the Soviet Union, which angered the long-suppressed population and compelled the government to take radical action, once again highlighted the linkages between peace and food.
 Production dropped precipitously as frantic efforts were made to reverse economic decline by radical measures.
 Although these events were closely observed and strongly assisted by top international experts, the world lacked both the conceptual knowledge and the practical experience needed to guide these nations through their crisis.
 At the invitation of the Soviet Academy of Agricultural Sciences, the Commission's next meeting, in November 1990, was held in Moscow: it would examine the challenges facing the USSR during the shift to democracy and a civilian market economy, and identify steps to improve the food supply, speed military conversion and ease the economic transition.
 The immediate euphoria over the rapid reduction in tensions between East and West freed public attention to focus on other pressing problems and generated great expectations that a 'peace dividend' would usher in a period of rapid economic progress for developing countries.
 Yet, despite a remarkable one-third reduction in worldwide defence spending from peak levels in the 1980s, foreign aid budgets continued to shrink.

 , in the late 1980s, the Soviet Union left the USSR, and the West occupied Georgia and Ukraine, in a crisis that provided major turbulence for the international financial system.<eop> As the dollar began to decline by the end of the 1990s, the world was returning to the path of peace and
-
Tell me about your mother.
 Character 1-  About my mother?
 I really don’t know where to start..
 Doctor – Well just start where you feel you must.
 Character 1- ah were to start, were to start, were to start….
 Doctor – (Yells) Shutup and talk!
 Character 1- (jumps in surprise) ah yes, well, errr….my mother was a hippy back in the 60s and 70s, and she had a drug habit a mile wide.
 She was addicted to hard stuff by the time me and my sister were born.
 And she eventually passed on her addictions to us in one degree or another.
 Let me just say that being an asprin junkie at the age of 6 is a low point in my life, but I’m extremely proud to have beaten it.

 ..., ahhhh......, ahhhh.... ahhhh...., ahhhh... ahhhh......... ahhhhhhh, ahhhh.....
-
I need you to embrace this.
 Velixar’s reason is the only reason we need, that we will ever need.
 It is in our blood, our orcish blood, and that is a weight even your muscles cannot hold back.
 We are killers, murderers, butchers, now granted purpose within that.
 That is our fate.
 That is our reason.
 Do you understand?”
 Harruq’s fingers traced the hilts of his new swords.
 He knew what his brother asked.
 He had killed before, but this was different.

 hand, he found the resword, and the dagger. He searched with him, the dagger, the swordsword, the sword, and dagger. Then, he searched with the dagger, the sword, and dagger, with the resword, and his brother searched with the
-
He was not sure how Geriodon or Nordien or the other leading contestants were doing.
 At the bell the two started to circle.
 Karun was a large woman.
 She was tall and unusually muscular.
 She moved with an easy cat-like grace and was attractive, in an about to kick your ass sort of way.
 She was probably of the blood and strong.
 She had her brown hair woven into a tight braid and wore well fitting chain and leather armor.
 Her sword and shield seemed to be of excellent quality.
 Rodregas tried to get a good hold on his shield.
 It was battered and not looking good.

 on to the sword... the shield... and the sword the other hand... the shield one other hand... the shield was not good and the sword was not looking good. Rodregas desperately tried to get hold on it...
-
She blessed me for listening to her friend’s whole story, apparently without passing judgment.
 Zoë Dot Dot
 While driving I’m inclined to find fault with others who have the gall to use the same road I do at the same time.
 Especially if they are these fellows who have surrouned me on I-5 north of Vancouver, Washington.
 In the rain, with their semis, they spray torrents at my windshield.
 But recalling that yesterday I got blessed for choosing not to judge, I begin to practice understanding these truck drivers’ concern for time and distance.
 Soon I notice that when I go into critical mode, my awareness of the proximity to God shuts down.
 Praise, love, adore, perhaps even admire or commiserate with someone, God joins in.
 Condemn, I’m on my own.
 So, I have found a new rule to live by: the more I criticize or judge, the less the Holy Spirit cares to hang with me.

 to judge or criticize or say, it’s easier to be offended when I say it the same way that I do it, and more likely to be offended He cares to hang with the Spirit. But He’s not the same one to judge. He’s the one to let me
-
Now he almost swayed in the currents of the magic stream of energy.
 The wagon halted as Doi’van stopped pushing it up the incline.
 He just stood there, his wild black unkempt hair seeming to blow in an invisible wind.
 Imeralda looked equally surprised and caught up.
 That was interesting.
 Clearly Imeralda would have the power to sense the stream of magic, but Doi’van had seemed equally effected.
 She turned to Rodregas; her eyebrows arched high in surprise and said, “A ley line and powerful?
 I knew there were several going through the Aridas, but your little abandoned farm is next to a ley line?” she asked.
 “Actually,” Rodregas said, “it is right in the middle of it, and there is even a small undercurrent suggesting that another weaker one crosses at the farm point.” Rodregas explained, “I had been on the run when we found this place.
 I had been worried that those tracking me were using magic.

 gas told me that only the farm was close to a ley line. In fact, I happen to think that this is a strong one, strong, strong.” Rodregas continued on, “It does have a strong branch, but the way there was the closest to a ley line
-
He was a year beyond forty, yet he commanded the entire Neldaren army.
 Publicly, he handled the weight wonderfully, but when prying eyes were gone, his all-too-human fear and doubt showed.
 When the man spoke again, his voice trembled.
 “I will not break my oaths.
 His Majesty asked I enforce his edict, and so I shall.”
 Dieredon nodded, the sparkle in his eyes fading.
 “I had hoped otherwise, but follow your oaths and your heart as you must.”
 The elf whistled.
 From the night sky came the sound of soft wing beats.
 Then a white, winged horse swooped down, landing in front of Dieredon.

 looked forward, he saw a white winged man riding his horse, at the side of Dieredon and about to die of thirst. In a heartbeat, he faced the man.<eop> In his anger, the elf looked down, his body trembling, until he fell to the ground. His
-
“You lied to me, Velixar,” Qurrah said.
 “You said you were eternal.
 You said you held the power of a god.
 But you lied.
 You are nothing but dust.”
 Surrounded by fire and death, the half-orc stripped naked of his rags and donned the robes of his former master.
 Despite all the arrows and heat, they seemed in perfect condition.
 Even the stain of blood was already fading.
 Qurrah held the side of the hood to his mouth and coughed as the smoke grew ever thicker.
 “Goodbye, Velixar,” he said.

 pulled the side of the hood from his rag, he began to speak. “You are nothing but................... the power of a god.......... the power of..
-
BG: 	Don’t gimme that really shit, Creole?
 What difference, right?
 I mean, they weren’t teachin’ me “Frogleg Blues.”  Right?
 They weren’t teachin’ me Skip James, Robert Johnson, Fred McDowell.
 CM:  	So, what happened next?
 BG:  	Well, high school went on, keeping me in one place, while my mind was traveling.
 I wanted so bad to make music, and when we got Black Lung together, I thought, this is it, this is my gateway, my way in.
 We played larger and larger gigs.
 We got a reputation.
 I started writing songs at an astonishing clip, words and chords and melodies colliding in me like some kind of atomic reaction.

 ed up, and..... Well, I found a place in the world. I started meeting my friends, and I got into a good relationship. I was in the front of a band. I thought I was a piece of shit. I was a stroke of genius. But I
-
"Rick," she whispered hoarsely when she could at last breathe.
 "That-that makes me .
 .
 .
 makes me .
 .
 .
 I want .
 .
 ."

 ......... "I want... I I I I I I I I. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I. I I I I I I I I I..
-
Jasmin elbowed me in the ribs, distracting me before I could start in on whomever it was that happened to be following along behind Cassie.
 "Just ignore them.
 Even Brandon won't try anything with this many witnesses around.
 It's just more dominance games."
 I nodded.
 It made sense, but it was all I could do to keep my eyes grounded despite the cold prickles running up and down my spine.
 Actual conversation was just too much, so I sat quietly with my head slightly bowed while the song ran its course.
 Alec's fingers gently pulled my chin up as the music ended.
 "Dance with me?"
 I mustered a brave smile as I nodded and let him lead me out onto the dance floor.

 was beautiful, but cold. "Come," I said, turning my head to look in his direction, and my back to my other half of the room. "I'm just about a minute and a half to dance. Before I have to ask...." He
-
King, man.
 He was comparing me to blues royalty.
 It made me dizzy, I’ll tell you.
 I mean I was in high school.
 I think that’s when I started leaving Memphis.
 In a way.
 That’s when I got kind of a big head and dreamt of things beyond.
 I certainly had left Central High School, left my friends, my girlfriends.
 Even before we cut the album.
 Tennessee planted that seed, man.

 ,.... I.... I...... I.... I... I was in the.... I was in... I was in...
-
I opened my eyes to see Rachel looking at me.
 "I'm sorry I had to do that, Adriana, but you need to hear what I have to say."
 Half of me wanted to be angry, but the other half just wanted to collapse into the void.
 Force of habit won over anger and I passively let my defenses crumble, but apparently being shocked out of a collapse functioned much the same as having just come out of an attack.
 For the next few seconds at least I was safe, could think about anything I wanted without fear of the repercussions.
 Only Rachel was talking, ruining my concentration, so the only thing I could focus on was her words.
 "The rumor revolves around the fact that you tragically lost your boyfriend in a vicious car wreck."
 The immunity meant I hadn't expected the words to hurt, hadn't expected the flash of surprise that spiraled up from my center.
 The words were close to the truth, but not right somehow.
 "He was someone special, some of the rumors put him as some kind of model or actor, or maybe a semi-pro athlete.

 ?" I was just pretending to be serious. "What do you think, Adriana? Because I don't want to lie to her, but I want to tell her everything, I want her to know, and I want to show her what she is worth." Rachel was the
-
"That's terrible."
 Her nod was sad.
 "I told you he was special.
 All of that hard-won civilization tends to flake and chip away when we're that close to our beast.
 Alec always does what's right though.
 No matter what it costs him personally."
 Dom's words were timely.
 Before hearing them I would've watched Alec's near-stillness with unconcern, but now, seeing the way Jasmin and Isaac split their attention between Alec and the wolves they'd just pulled off of him, I could nearly see the effort he was exerting to shove aside the instincts demanding the death of the wolves who'd marked him, who'd questioned his supremacy.
 With a shudder, he relaxed again, and Jessica approached, dropping to her stomach to crawl the last little ways, and then rolling onto her back.
 James dropped down on all fours, grounding the wicked-looking claws tipping his hands, and then it seemed all was forgiven.

 to lead the pack and led the wolves in a circle to join the wolves, which caused the wolves to hiss and growl. But after a moment the wolf turned and the wolf followed each other, the wolf turnings to follow one of the wolves, and the wolf's turnings to one
-
The kind doomed to fail as soon as you taste the world outside of that brick building where they’d been holding you prisoner.
 I had a great girlfriend, a young woman of soul and beauty.
 CM: 	Uh..
 BG:  	Carol Warner.
 Ok?
 Carol, wherever you are today, I wish you well.
 You were lovely but, of course, the timing was atrocious.
 I was an asshole.
 It was my asshole period.
 One of them.

 Oh,.. CM: Uh, Uh.. BG: Oh.. Uh.. BG: Oh.. Uh, Uh.. MG: Uh.. Uh... MG: Oh, Uh
-
CM: 	Brenda Lee.
 BG: 	Yeah, nice.
 I don’t know.
 CM: 	Phil Spector.
 BG:  	Love the Christmas album.
 CM: 	The Doors.
 BG:  	Well, to be honest, I think this thing of Morrison being a poet is a load of rubbish.
 He’s a poser.
 The Doors, however, still cook.
 One wonders if Morrison even knows that.

 ...........: The Beatles..............................: The Beatles.............
-
“He killed five guards before he was slain.
 Two more died in the fiery consumption of his corpse.”
 Qurrah smiled at the image.
 Harruq’s blood heated at the thought of battle, but the coldness in his stomach refused to succumb.
 “Vaelor cannot yet risk war,” Velixar continued.
 “He must have all the people see him as a peaceful man driven to conflict.
 History does not favor the warmongers, not among the peasants and scribes.
 They favor so-called great men, driven to war by horrid acts of others.”
 The man in black spat his disdain.
 “It is a sad age when conquerors are seen as warmongering butchers and the cowards backed into corners are seen as the true heroes.

 see that the heroes of the day, politicians, statesmen, heroes of wars are not about the people... not about the courage of the men, it is not about the courage of the men of today, the strength of the people, and the people... It is not about
-
A gust of wind pushed the flames beneath the spit, causing them to writhe and jump.
 They formed shapes that pulled at my memories.
 I tried to follow them, but couldn’t seem to get my thoughts to cooperate.
 I could remember my dreams, the wind and fire surrounding my mother.
 But the memories that came back when I woke from those vivid nightmares were dull.
 The harder I clutched at them, the more they drew away.
 When recognition dawned, I leapt from the rock, cursing Chevelle.
 He turned to me as I yelled, “Give it back!” He didn’t appear to know what I was talking about, but I was so angry I was having trouble forming the demand.
 “Give my memories, my mind back!” His confusion cleared, but Chevelle didn’t offer a response.
 The fire in me itched to burn him.

 , he grabbed at me with his hands, and burned me. I burned him, to him, to the fire, to me again, and to him again. Chevelle laughed and pulled the flames away, sending me back to my mother, knowing that I had lost her.<eop> ***<eop> The
-
He told Kenny to leave Billy and me at home.
 In some way he wanted to spare us.
 I used to suppose he hadn't exactly known his motive, only felt that whatever was coming at him, we shouldn’t have to witness.
 The only sense I could make of it all was that something way beyond reason or observation took place in his heart, mind or spirit.
 According to some mysterious cosmic whimsy or brutal plan, Eric had to die and I didn’t.
 So I filed the matter away with other mysteries, of which life offers plenty.
 But on this trip with all its remembering, I may solve the mystery.
 The End of Something Else
 A couple weeks after Eric's funeral, Cliff and I decided we should quit school and move to San Francisco.
 When school let out that day, we went up the street to La Mesa Junior High and found my mom grading papers on the patio behind her classroom.

 to meet with her. She asked me to come with her and I ran as fast as I could.....and I did the same. Finally, I was in the classroom a few minutes and Cliff came home from school. I was about to walk up in front of him. I
-
After looking at the clock for the thousandth time, I finally got up and went downstairs.
 The lights were still blazing, just as I'd left them.
 I debated for several seconds before opening the door and stepping out into the darkness.
 Somehow the porch light didn't reach out as far into the yard as I'd remembered.
 Alec appeared on the edge of the light with such suddenness that a startled yelp escaped me despite my best efforts.
 "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you."
 Strangely enough, I believed him.
 He was moving with the same, over-controlled care I'd seen him use around Rachel.
 "It's okay, it must be really limiting to always have to pretend you're slow and normal."
 His expression took on an alien cast, as he shrugged.

 "I just don't know," I said to myself. I'm sorry, I..." I'm so sorry. "No, I didn't just tell you to..." I made my way through the kitchen, and out to the front door
-
I spoke deliberately.
 “She is elf.
 I name her… Elfreda.”
 My heart had stopped.
 And then it surged as blood rushed to my face, my neck.
 My ears rang.
 I must have been speaking or cursing.
 I could hear the sound, but could not make sense of it.
 Nothing made sense.
 I was standing before I knew I was surrounded.

 surrounded, and I was surrounded me. I was, I was surrounding me, I was surrounded me, I was surrounded, and I was surrounded. I was surrounded.... I was surrounded. I was surrounded, and I was surrounded. I were surrounded, and I were surrounded, and
-
Cleo – Your show is going fabulously darling.
 Liz – Yes, I seem to be a hit.
 Cleo – Isn’t it though.
 I imagine that you will be a big star when it is through baby.
 All our years of hard work are finally beginning to pay off.
 Liz – Yes all those years of work are finally paying off.
 Cleo – After this, you are going to be a big celebrity.
 As famous as Andy Warhol at the very least.
 I imagine that the biggest art publications will all have stories about you.
 I’ll be so proud of you baby.

 – Yes my baby, I am proud of you. You are a big celebrity. Liz – Oh baby how I want to be so proud of you. Liz – My baby baby..... Cleo – Oh baby, I want to be so proud of you...
-
Dad had always kept at least a pair of rose bushes alive.
 He'd loved nothing more than giving Mom roses.
 Once I'd safely done my part to help prolong the future life of the gorgeous specimen, I got down to really examining it.
 I was far from an expert on roses, but I'd looked through pictures of hundreds of different kinds of tea roses, and never seen anything quite like this one.
 It was as big as some of the largest specimens I'd seen, and had at least fifty percent more petals than most of the 'very full' varieties I was familiar with.
 That in and of itself was pretty amazing, but nothing in comparison to the petals themselves.
 They were the purest white edged in a breathtaking purple.
 Equally amazing was just how velvety they were.
 They looked like the softest thing in the world, and cried out to be touched.
 I expected to be disappointed as I leaned in.

 it was...... I didn't. I didn't like it. I didn't................... love it...... love it.......
-
"I don't want to even see the sun."
 "I thought that was what the lotion was for."
 "So did I."
 He picked up his fork.
 "At least it worked for you."
 She'd been slightly pink yesterday, but today she was a lovely golden brown.
 "I was in the water more than you."
 She licked jelly from her lips.
 "Would you like me to go get you more juice?"
 "No thank you."

 """"""""""""""""""""" in her lower voice as she swallowed the jelly she swallowed. "I'm.."""""""..""""""..""
-
"We've still got nearly half an hour, you should get some more sleep if you can."
 I tried to argue but couldn't find the strength.
 A while later the flash of light as James and Isaac lit flares pulled me back awake.
 It took several seconds for my eyes to adjust, and then I started being able to pick out individual shapes in the darkness.
 Alec set me down as Vincent appeared, a towering, furred figure illuminated by the light of the flares that'd been planted on either side of the cleared space.
 His dark eyes drank in the light as he surveyed us with his typical boundless arrogance.
 A horde of shifting figures milled about just outside of the twin circles of light.
 The rest of Brandon's pack and they seemed to have grown in number since the dance.
 Jasmin and Dominic crowded up against me, one on either side, and I let my hands brush against their heads.
 The feel of their fur, one short and soft, the other long and coarse, anchored me before the surreal strangeness of the scene could carry me away.

 I had a way to go. I was going to be the first to see him.<eop> But once I was in the small circle, I had to feel the darkness around them, mutter curses to myself, and try to get the idea of where they were what was happening for me to see
-
I’m telling you that I’m in love, and that’s a good thing.
 Jim – How did it happen?
 I mean, this afternoon you weren’t in love and now you are.
 Is it anyone I know?
 Art – Well, I met a pretty girl, we talked, and she didn’t run off screaming into the night.
 I found myself attracted to her, and enjoyed her company from the beginning.
 And since she didn’t run off screaming, and she did accept my invitation out for coffee, I got to know her better.
 I wonder if she’ll marry me.
 Jim – Damn.
 We’ll find out after you see how she reacts to you telling her about mom.

 –... Art – Nah, she thinks I like you, and I think she’s a lot older than you, and she wants to see you, know you, and she’s really interested to marry you. So, I want to be with her.<eop> Art
-
“I don’t understand it,” he said.
 “Why do I have so much trouble controlling my magical power now?
 I know I have a lot more power, but you both have lots of power as well, yet I can’t seem to control it.” The frustration in his own voice was clear.
 “Could you feel anything?” Rodregas asked Imeralda.
 “No.” she responded.
 “Your power is strong and untamed, in flavor more like Doi’van’s power than a nymph’s or AElf’s, but Doi’van can master the spell.
 I think the problem is that for all of your life your power was weak but easy to control.
 A mage born of power learns to control it at an early age.
 You never had to learn any control; your power was so weak that you always struggled simply to have enough power to do anything with it.” “Ok, I never learned proper control; the spells I learned as a squire were small weak things.
 But, can I learn control now?”  Rodregas asked.

 , I....” he said quietly, “I’ll learn control soon.” “If I can, I’ll control. And, if I can, I’ll control. If you control, I’ll learn control. If you control, you can learn control.
-
Chevelle moved to stand beside me, he too intent.
 Grey wagged his eyebrows at Steed, taunting him to make the first move.
 “Come on, blossom,” Steed teased back, “let’s see what you’ve got.” At that, Grey disappeared and then, in a flash, was behind Steed, reaching up to smack him in the back of the head.
 The instant before he struck, Steed ducked into a squat and spun, taking Grey’s legs out from under him.
 I flinched.
 Grey was gone again, this time reappearing midair in a flip above Steed’s head, reaching down to tag him on the way by.
 It was a loud smack.
 I was sure it had stung.
 Steed stood still, focused on the spot where Grey had landed and was flickering in and out of view.
 I made an effort to consider possible responses in my head, but was coming up blank.

 ed in the back, and he jerked his head back to the ground. At that, Steed reared up and launched himself up from the ground, his arms in the air. Grey landed on the ground and turned back to just in time for Steed.<eop> Grey turned to the right and
-
They were always picking the wrong present, forgetting to buy one, or otherwise making the day less than perfect.
 That in turn helped me remember that most relationships seemed to be more fuss and mess than they were worth.
 Why get something built up so much in your mind that you can't possibly ever realize it?
 All of the little things about Valentine's Day that grounded me in reality were overcome by the mystique of Prom.
 Instead of people fighting, there were dozens, sometimes even hundreds, of couples who all seemed to be very much in love.
 Everyone got to dress up and go dancing in a place that'd been transformed into another world.
 Even before I'd gotten old enough to attend Prom, I'd still invariably spent the day grouchy and depressed.
 Things only got worse as I'd aged, presumably because I wasn't really as indifferent as I liked to pretend, and I couldn't hide behind the excuse of being too young to be asked anymore.
 My pulse had already skyrocketed; I almost didn't hear what Rachel was saying over the pounding in my ears.
 "...of course it's still a little ways away, but a girl like Britney starts early so she gets as high up the social food chain as possible."

 , and that, really, was the most important part of Valentine's Day. "I probably won't make it", and that was the thing I wanted to hear when I was on the starting line at Prom. ", yeah," which was really the point.
-
An organization combining the advantages of SHGs and contract farming through the agency of an NGO or an agri-business centre operated by farm and home science graduates or entrepreneurs can be successfully extended to other crops, providing the technical knowledge and essential inputs that small farmers need to raise productivity and farm incomes.
 Crop Diversification: Eradicating hunger necessitates shifting production from traditional crops to higher value added crops that can improve nutrition, while generating higher on-farm incomes and greater off-farm employment.
 Fruits and vegetables can remove micro-nutrient deficiencies, while dairy and poultry can eliminate protein deficiencies.
 The soaring price of petroleum, which has reached historical highs this year, presents an additional opportunity for countries such as India to become large scale producers and exporters of bio-fuels and bio-mass energy, thereby substituting imported petroleum with lucrative markets, higher incomes and greater employment opportunities for the rural population.
 Contract farming arrangements between small producers and agri-business centres can stimulate rapid development of this field.
 Ethanol, bio-diesel and bio-mass power from agricultural produce could generate the equivalent of 15 million additional employment opportunities in India, while raising rural incomes by US $10 billion annually.
 Water Conservation: Improving access to safe drinking water requires a combination of public education and government action.
 In addition, the rapid depletion of water resources can be mitigated to a large extent by upgrading practices in agriculture, which is the single largest consumer of water.
 Productivity of water in agriculture remains extremely low in most developing countries.
 In India irrigation accounts for 80 per cent of total water usage.

 estimate that irrigation is a source of 80% of water in India, agriculture accounts for 25 per cent of the total water use. Water is a product of minerals, such as water and minerals and other nutrients, and contribute to the consumption of food products and other commodities. Water is an important primary source of
-
Rodregas was on guard duty when Korin came down in his new body.
 The poor lad had stared at the man who had been his father, saying nothing, but tears ran down his cheeks.
 The apprentice Immortalist had then proceeded to rape the mother.
 The Adapt was rough and the act was violent and Korin, in his new body, clearly enjoyed the violence more than the sex.
 After he had finished with the mother, he had the guards release the boy who had run over to his sobbing bleeding mother.
 In a fatherly gesture Korin had kissed the boy on the cheek and, wrapping his hands around the boy’s head in a slow loving gesture, made a quick yank and broke Join’s neck.
 The next day the guards released the young AElfin widow.
 Rodregas had helped drag her beyond the gates.
 She lay there not moving, limp though alive; she was dead in every way that mattered.
 Rodregas went back into the keep without looking back; he never knew what had happened to her after that.

 of the day, Rodregas, the guards, and Rodregas, the priest, went up to the courtyard to discuss Join and his mother. Most of the ensuing conversation had to do with the girl and her mother. The girl, however, had to do with her mother.<eop> She
-
She stepped into his path like a gunfighter.
 Buddy looked deeply into her.
 She was an equation he could not quite decipher.
 Her eyes stayed on his.
 She was bewitching him and even Buddy, already high from making music, was not immune.
 Today people still talk about Lorelei Enos with a wary reticence.
 “Not much is known about her,” you hear people say.
 “She came in on a bad wind and left on another,” one roadie told me.
 “Lori was beautiful, a beautiful person, a beautiful body, but she was half siren.
 She couldn’t help it,” another groupie remembers.

 , she, and she, she, the fire in her face, and her eyes, and her, and and her, and her, and her... and her, and her, and and her, and she, and.... and she,... and she.
-
I looked up.
 Britney looked a little crestfallen.
 She was probably deciding to ask for a different seat assignment after class.
 "Sorry about that.
 I don't really like it when people shorten my name.
 Bad associations with nicknames and all that."
 Britney's smile was only a pale imitation of the brilliant thing she'd flashed a few moments previously, but it signaled a willingness to try and make small talk at least.
 "How did you know my name?"
 "Oh, that's easy.
 Sanctuary is the smallest town on the face of the world.

 "." ", ", "", "" "." " "" " " " " " "." "" " " " "" " "
-
The floor was also stone, and there was not enough dirt and debris for them to grow very large.
 They had to clear a path to get the wagon in.
 Imeralda ran her hand over the stone with a surprisingly gentle caress.
 “It is Nymph stone, right?” Rodregas asked.
 She nodded and said, “Yes, I am half Forest Nymph and half AElf and this is beautiful work.” All Nymphs have a specific attachment to nature such as forest, stone or water.
 There was a lot of variation among the Nymphs, but they could do amazing things with their element.
 A connection to stone is much sought after by mages.
 The stone could not store magic like the circles but it could smooth out the high level of magic available on ley lines and make it more comfortable to use, not in the big way of the magic of circles, but for using magic in small ways.
 And, of course, only homes made by nymphs could make living on a ley line comfortable.
 “This home truly is a find,” said Doi’van, “and now I see why the Dire Cats showed themselves to us.” “What do you mean?” Rodregas asked.

 , this is a house. This is a place, and this is a home,” he said,. “Yes.., yes.., yes.. this is a home. I opened the lock on it, and put it next to the door to make it open the right way.
-
Marie and I have been seeing each other for nearly eight months now, sir--" "Davis, my boy, no need to be so formal.
 I know your intentions.
 I even helped design them."
 He chuckled at his own joke.
 "You want to marry my daughter."
 "Yes, sir."
 He reached into the inside pocket of his jacket.
 "I bought this two weeks ago."
 He handed Jefferson a small box.
 The older man opened it.

 a.......""""",""""",""" """..""""".""""""...""""""""""...""
-
I stared in disbelief as the trees split to form a low lean-to.
 He shot me another wink; I couldn’t be sure he was kidding.
 The tearing and popping noises ceased, and I examined his creation.
 Quite impressive really.
 He didn’t even seem to be watching, let alone concentrating.
 And no blessings on it, no thanks to Mother Earth.
 It seemed he was just enjoying himself, not being responsible to the magic.
 Magic that I needed.
 That I wanted.
 He was good enough, there was no question of that.

 to help me, and I did it. I’m going to do it again. It was just what I needed, right. It was good enough. I’m used to it, and it was right. I was going to do it. I did it. I’m going to
-
If he'd greeted me with a hug in addition to the smile, then things would have been perfect.
 I felt myself blushing almost as soon as the thought crossed my mind.
 My family wasn't...hadn't been demonstrative.
 I wouldn't know what to do if he hugged me.
 In an effort to cover my embarrassment, I turned back to Rachel and James, only to feel my jaw figuratively hit the ground.
 James was standing between Rachel and Brandon, slightly crouched in a posture that looked strangely familiar.
 I heard footsteps to my left as Brandon finished crossing the last few feet between us.
 James backed up a half step, one arm stretched out behind him, pushing Rachel back.
 I suddenly realized why his movements seemed so familiar.
 I'd seen dozens of celebrities being shepherded out of one award show or another by professional bodyguards who acted exactly like James was acting right now.

 Brandon started to walk off to the side of Rachel's room back, throwing his arm around the shoulder of Rachel. Rachel followed him to the other side of the room, his head in his hands, staring at her. I....... I......
-
I felt myself drawing back together, tied by the knots in my stomach and mind.
 A tandem wolf howl sounded in the distance.
 My stomach swam in unease.
 Chapter Thirteen Diary
 The councilman’s body was disposed of, and the group bustled around the clearing.
 I slid my sword into its sheath, careful not to touch the blade.
 I hadn’t comprehended what the flourish of activity meant until Ruby grabbed my arm to conduct me.
 “Come on, we have to pack.” She dragged me along as she rushed back to her house.
 She threw things around her room, sorting and gathering.
 I didn’t really have anything to assemble.

 a little more, and she reminded me that I was in her house. I knew I was in her house. She urged me to go. I nodded my head.<eop> “I don’t want to leave,’ I realized. But I have to do my homework before I leave.”
-
who could ever have imagined such things?
 But it was all so strange.
 She'd walked 84 years into the future.
 She'd spent the entire day alone with a man she'd never met before.
 She'd .
 .
 .
 She frowned for a minute, trying to see all this from his point of view.
 It must be as strange for him as it was for her--a woman from the past had walked into his garden.
 He didn't believe in such things any more than she did, but he'd done his best to help her get back.

 the way he'd reacted to her situation. When he'd come back home the next day, he'd told her that she'd been waiting for him. He'd been there for years, but... when he'd left her..
-
I could feel myself sinking back into oblivion, but instead of welcoming it, I was suddenly terrified.
 I'd spent weeks numb to the entire world.
 I'd even missed Dad's favorite season, the one that'd become mine as well.
 It'd be all too easy to slip into the same kind of numbness now as a refuge against everything.
 What would happen if I failed to surface?
 It'd been easier to lapse into catatonia this time than last.
 Would I reach a point where I couldn't come back?
 There'd been a time right after the accident where Mom had thought I was already there.
 I was just numb enough still to think about such things without immediately collapsing.
 Even so, I felt a pang of dizziness as my mind warned me I'd pushed it too far today.

 to come out of the tunnel, I thought, but I still feel like I'm doin' it. "I get it," I thought in my head. How many days would it take me for myself to see the light? How could I see through the darkness? What would
-
He felt his right shoulder crack into fragments.
 Darkness swam before his eyes, darkness dominated by twin red orbs.
 The elf reached into a small pocket of his armor and drew out a glass vial.
 “Healing potions will not aid you,” Velixar mocked.
 “This is no healing potion,” Dieredon said.
 He threw the vial.
 It shattered.
 Velixar snarled as holy light of the elven goddess burned his decaying flesh.
 After a few seconds, the light vanished.
 Velixar glanced about, seeing no sign of the elf.

 ...................................... the.......... the.. He went to his right side. He
-
Got my woman, got my nest.
 Rather bed down and just write.
 The business stuff, well, it’s shit, isn’t it?
 CM: 	Um--
 BG:  	What’s next, Creole, my old friend?
 CM: 	Maybe we should talk about who’s producing your newer stuff?
 In Memphis you had these gurus, these guys to sort of steer your stuff—
 BG: 	That’s a pretty good metaphor, yeah.
 Jim, kept the Black Lung stuff from becoming just this hopelessly over-the-top crap, these pointless solos—well, for the time, really, they’re pretty restrained.
 But, out here, well, it’s me.

 Do I get it? BG: CM: Well, it’s shit, really, it’s nothing.<eop> Yeah, is it? CM: I don’t know, I guess no. I guess it’s a lot, it’s nothing. BG
-
I tapped the tattoo and ask her if that was her boyfriend’s name.
 She leaned into me and whispered that it is just some guy who treats her like crap but she keeps going back to him.
 The fact that she chose to whisper that bit of information convinced me he was outside the open door.
 As we talked I described to her that I had a very controlling wife and two young children at home.
 I told her this because I needed to set some restrictive boundaries; I knew I would need to work within the confines of the narcotics officers, and this would allow me to put her off, buy some time, if I needed it.
 She talked with me and continued to massage my chest as she straddled my naked body.
 She reached for my hands and placed them on her young firm breasts.
 It was an unexpected treat for “an old guy with a script”.
 I’ll let you use your imagination from there, but she finished her massage and then we both got dressed.
 The fish was in the net.

 on. She was on the cuffs. She was on the ropes.<eop> I was ready to take her to the fish. She got off the ropes and told me she was ready to go. Her hair came out and she had tattoos on her body. It was one of
-
Staring into the mirror was not my favorite pastime.
 It mostly made my head hurt.
 But I had to clean the blood from my face and straighten the nest of hair on my head.
 When I leaned forward, a flash caught my eye.
 For a moment I thought the pendant was reflecting light from somewhere in the dark hallway, but my brain must have been still muddled from sleep.
 I examined the stone closer and saw blood had gotten smudged there as well, so I rinsed it clean.
 I lingered there, clutching it tight in my hand.
 It was a comfort to hold.
 It seemed to warm something deep within me.
 I vowed to keep it on as I shook away a thought from the dream coming back to me and headed for the door.

 it was warm, so I picked it up again to keep it on................ I held it in my hand, and I held it while looking into the mirror. I went to put the gold pendant on the wall in my hand
-
He released the second arrow at the crouching man and the arrow hit low to the left, but he did hit the target.
 He nailed the next standard target almost in the middle, but missed the last two completely.
 Rodregas was among those who were first out of this round of the tournament and spent the rest of the day watching the archery competition.
 The only relief he felt was that only one of the other winners with the yellow ribbons on their arm also gained a second one.
 He found out his name was Geriodon.
 Rodregas also saw that two others who had the white second place ribbons from the day before also earned white ribbons in the day’s contest.
 That meant that Geriodon was winning so far with ten points.
 The other two, whose names were Karun and Nordien both had eight points.
 On the third morning Rodregas stood ready; the format was the same as the first day.
 He thought his chances were better today.

 felt was that the format of the archery competition was difficult for him, but it was good for him. It was difficult, as on the first day, he was not second out in the first round, but then, on the second day, he gained a third one. But he was also
-
Philosopher and theologian Dallas Willard proposes that people who are right with God won't readily notice when they die, because they will already reside in the kingdom of heaven.
 Though I can't second his proposal with assurance, I see evidence for it, as I believe I have spent time in the kingdom of heaven.
 And if we can go there in this life, the difference might be as slight as crossing the state line into Oregon.
 On my own, I won't propose anything about the after-life.
 Observing and attempting to grasp this life is enough of a challenge.
 But God will make justice come about somewhere, somehow.
 Of that much I'm convinced.
 Sylvia used to divide humanity into people of good will and the others.
 I’ll use her term and ask, how could any person of good will, when confronted with plenty of evidence, circumstantial though it may be, refuse to at least hope for a God who with mercy resolves all the horrors of life here and now and makes justice happen in a golden and joyous eternity?
 So be it.

 .... I'll do that. I can do that. I can do that. I can do that, justice will exist in this life....... And of course, I can do this or I can't do this. If I could, it would
-
“After my mother died.
 Sometimes I’m grateful for the fire witch’s seduction.
 He was grieving so hard…” His expression lost all trace of its usual cockiness as he brought back the memory.
 “Her enchantments numbed him.
 Then, when he woke from them, the tragedy gave him purpose.” A shadow of his smile returned as he looked away.
 “The irony is her tragedy gave root to the idea—” “Frey.” Chevelle was suddenly standing between us.
 I gaped up at him, the trance of Steed’s words broken.
 “Huh?” “Time to go.” There was anger in his voice.
 I didn’t know what I had done, but I stood obediently.
 Chevelle pulled me away from Steed.

 back away from him. I looked at him. He looked at me, looked at me. I gaped more. I could almost feel his eyes roving on me. He looked up at him, at me, focused on me. I stepped closer to him. Chevelle looked at me
-
Marie always began the day with a walk in the garden, and Rick always hugged her and dried her tears when she returned.
 When he left for work, she'd exercise and watch movies he'd rented for her and clean the house with the supplies she'd discovered.
 In the evenings they'd eat and talk and watch TV, but he promised to take her to the shore Saturday.
 "The first thing we have to do is buy you a bathing suit," Rick told Marie as they strolled through the mall after dinner Friday evening.
 "Be prepared, OK?
 I think you'll find them a little immodest."
 She tried to prepare herself, but she was shocked by the outfits she was shown.
 The material was thin, and they all had plunging necklines, and some were cut so that the edge of the leg hole was almost as high as the arm hole.
 But she managed to find two, one red and one black with pink flowers, that were less shocking than the others and took them to the dressing room.
 These weren't going to work.

 to change her mind. She wanted a different outfit, of course, but that was the problem. We're not even going to make all of them. There were red and black, one with a pink pink rose, one with a purple pink rose, one red and one with a red rose
-
Karen – The censors would have a conniption.
 Then all to them all the parental groups tearing their hair out and protesting.
 It would be pure chaos.
 Art - Some people say that there isn’t any such thing as bad publicity.
 Besides, she could just call it a performance piece, as someone who has seen the show already, that girl performs when she curses.
 It’s a sight to see, I just can’t tell whether it’s a natural wonder or a natural disaster.
 One thing is for certain, someone will have to put a rating for the content on the posters and ads.
 I’m thinking that nobody 17 and under should be allowed within a mile of the show.
 Karen – Content rating, it’s just a form of censorship.
 Art – I disagree, as a parent I find that it is a valuable tool to keep me informed of what will be in the shows and movies my kids watch.

 - But, don’t censor the content, just enjoy the video, the images and sounds. It’s beautiful, it is beautiful, it is beautiful and beautiful, it is just beautiful. But, more importantly, it is beautiful and beautiful. I’m not sure that it’
-
I think that she was desperate to get out of Russia.
 The terrible poverty and such just made her desperate to get out of the country.
 Art – Well as long as she’s pretty.
 Other wise, well I can’t imagine that he has much self-confidence left.
 Karen – I’ve seen a couple of pictures, she isn’t.
 Art – Stay in Russia and have no foreseeable future, or come to the United States and marry a stranger who just happens to turn out to be a contributor to the growth of the lesbian community.
 I wonder what would happen to the poor man if she decided to go back to Russia as a lesbian.
 Karen – I don’t know, I hope it never happens to him, my family would make his life hell if they ever found out.
 Art – A good reason to stay away from them.
 I haven’t seen much of my family in years, those people are nuts.

 Sabrina – I think that about the only people that are crazy is all the people that drink and want to kill themselves. Sabrina – Yes, I know that I’m the only reason they’re around, but for me, I hope that you’re part of it.
-
Sylvia blamed her sister Rosarie for the crash.
 Rosarie, she believed, wielded demonic powers.
 In twilight, Eric and I climbed up from the beach and explored some caves.
 After dark, we rested atop the cliff, in a little park a half mile from the Cabrillo lighthouse.
 Eric paced, finally sat down, and asked what I’d been thinking about my dad that day.
 I told him how Christmas was always my dad’s favorite day, how the only plants he ever grew were poinsettias he would deliver to the family graves every Christmas morning after the presents got exchanged and breakfast was over.
 When I finished, Eric paced again.
 Then he squatted in front of the bench where I sat and gazed hard at me, as though wondering how far I could be trusted.
 After deciding in my favor, he said, “There’s a big change coming.
 I don’t know what it will be.

 ......... and........... and........ I just want to believe it. It’s a big thing. But there’s something happening to me, and......
-
All these years, I have believed that in some vaguely Christ-like way, Eric died as a sacrifice.
 I reasoned like this: From at least two months away, he saw a big change approaching.
 As it neared, he apprehended it ever more clearly.
 Two weeks or so he had spent gathering his treasures and giving them away.
 By two nights before the big day, he knew it would be something compared to which most crises meant nothing.
 Very likely, he believed it might be death.
 He told Kenny to leave Billy and me at home.
 In some way he wanted to spare us.
 I used to suppose he hadn't exactly known his motive, only felt that whatever was coming at him, we shouldn’t have to witness.
 The only sense I could make of it all was that something way beyond reason or observation took place in his heart, mind or spirit.

 of death was much the same as what happened to him at the end of the Christmas Eve.<eop> In some sense, it was as a sacrifice. I, in some sense, had no sense of death. I wanted to believe it was a sudden, senseless, horrible thing. But it was
-
Doi’van responded, “We don’t have time for me to learn to read.
 You should spend time practicing with these Grimoires.
 It makes no sense to teach me to read when we are likely to see battle too soon for it to be helpful.” Doi’van’s voice, which was always deep, seemed to have gone down several octaves, such that the earth almost seemed to vibrate.
 Somehow, while the conversation on magic Grimoires had been of interest to him, the idea of learning to read seemed to terrify him.
 Rodregas knew the feeling of wanting something so much that you are afraid to accept it when offered, for fear of failing.
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “I think it might come in handy to have you able to read.
 And if we survive the summer and are holed up here all winter, you might be able to start reading some of these books by then.
 I fear that I am not a very good teacher, but I have managed to teach a few soldiers over the years who wanted to learn.” At their nod Rodregas added, “After our noon meal, let’s plan on making it book time.
 We don’t have a decent lamp to read by, so we will have to do it during the day.
 We can start by teaching each other any basic magic we know.

 do this, here’s one of the best parts of these books. You have to read them. If you read at the end of the book, then I’ll leave it up to you to choose to read, so it will be easier for you to choose reading. If you choose the
-
In the disorder, they lost track of the wolves.” “But the wolves weren’t hurt?” “They had been strung up by vine among the trees, but alive.” I winced at the idea.
 “Why?” A wry smile crossed his lips and I couldn’t help but focus on them for a moment.
 “Because the wolves would have fought to the death, and Grand Council does not kill animals with magic.” I remembered my mother.
 “Only elves?” His mocking smile widened.
 “Only elves.” They thought killing an animal with magic was evil, dark, but they were hunting us down.
 To burn us.
 I considered the alternative—pierced through with arrows, blessed with a prayer—and I laughed.
 His eyes were intense as he reached to gently cup my neck, fingers resting at my spine, thumb grazing the base of my ear.
 I felt him urge me forward, and my breath caught, heart stuttering into a broken lope.
 And then Ruby was beside us from out of nowhere, her words startling me back to the cold, dull room.

 , and cold, and cold, and cold, cold, and cold, and cold, cold, and cold,, and cold. I made my way back to my mother’s house and into the cold, dull room, and out of nowhere, I saw there was a man, white,
-
Your collective endeavour illustrates the fact that no longer can global peace and security remain the preserve of political and military specialists.
 Without an adequate development effort, there can be no lasting peace and security.
 Conflicts over resources, ultra-nationalism exacerbated by the tensions of unemployment, poverty and despair at home will inevitably lead to resentment, and resentment turns only too easily into armed conflict.
 The establishment of secure foundations for peace will be aided by development and post-conflict peace building.
 Yet if there is a growing international consensus on the peace operations undertaken by the United Nations, there is no such consensus on its developmental work.
 Indeed, this lack of a consensus reflects a worldwide crisis in the field of development economics.
 As development becomes imperative, as we approach the turn of this century, we are faced with the necessity of giving new meaning to the word.
 Reflecting on development is thus, in my opinion, the most important intellectual challenge of the coming years.
 Already, it seems clear that macro-economic growth can no longer be deemed sufficient for development purposes.
 Countries pursuing macro-economic growth paths have the necessary foundations for development, but that is only the first part.

 is clear that they are not going to be able to develop a sustainable society. It is therefore necessary to develop an interest in sustainable and sustainable development. This interest is also the need to begin to create the necessary foundations for development.<eop> The importance of development, and sustainable growth, development, and development
-
That’s the end of it.
 CM: 	Dylan?
 BG: 	The question always comes back to Bob, doesn’t it?
 Dylan is Dylan, immutable, untouchable.
 But, I think, if you asked him if he was T. S. Eliot, he would only laugh.
 What was that funny thing he said?
 “I’m only a song and dance man.” (laughs)  That’s right.
 That’s what he should say.
 CM: 	Someone called “A Day in the Life” a miniature “Waste Land.”
 BG:  	That’s caca, isn’t it?

 yes, caca. That’s caca. Because, just a day in the life is not "A day" "A day." It is simply "A Day." BG: That’s not caca. CM: But, you know, you
-
If either of them slaughters another child, I will see it and put an end to it.”
 Aurelia pulled a few strands of hair away from her mouth and tucked them behind her ear.
 “This seems like a small matter for a scoutmaster to be involved.
 Are you sure you have nothing more important to do?”
 “Murdered human children?” Dieredon shrugged.
 “Let the humans and orcs do as they wish, but when they butcher their young they must be made to suffer.
 You were right to contact me, Aurelia.”
 “I hope so,” Aurelia said.
 “I saw one of the bodies, and what was done to him, those vile carvings…”
 Dieredon kissed her forehead.

 .....” Aurelia looked into her eyes. “The blood, the carvings.... the carvings of humans, and orcs, and skeletons...., those carvings of a human child.......” Die
-
She turned to reach for a tissue.
 "Please don't make me cry again."
 They went back downstairs and lay on the sofa again.
 They talked quietly until they dozed off and then awoke, talked, and fell asleep again.
 A weak light was filtering into the room when Rick opened his eyes again, his heart heavy.
 In just an hour or so, he'd lose Marie forever.
 Marie opened her eyes to find Rick gazing down at her.
 "Good morning."
 "Morning."
 "I love you."

 her eyes. "I..." ".." "..." """..." "" """ "..." looked up to her again to kiss her, hold her.<eop> "
-
These changes, too, have had implications for all nations within the region and beyond – severely affecting trade around the world, from the tea estates of Sri Lanka and India to the wheat fields of the United States, Australia and Argentina.
 So, too, the further course of this transition will have a profound impact on all nations, both developed and developing.
 The future of world peace, the world political system and the world economy hang in the balance.
 A successful rapid transition will open up new markets to stimulate a new round of growth for the sluggish economies of the West, much as the Mar shall Plan stimulated American prosperity in the 1950s.
 It will equally present economic opportunities for developing countries unable as yet to meet the quality requirements of highly competitive Western markets.
 Failure of the transition holds the danger of economic collapse and political instability within Eastern Europe, which could even lead to renewed political tensions and an other economically devastating arms race.
 Already ongoing wars are being fought in the Balkans, the Caucasus and several other regions of the former Soviet Union.
 Crime is on the rise.
 Ominous signs have appeared that the authoritarian past is not yet fully buried and could once again arise, if the forward momentum of the transition process does not quickly improve the lives of people within the region.
 The whole world has an immense stake in the successful outcome of the transition in Eastern Europe.

 is vital for America and Europe, as for the political system of the region, and the political systems of the United States, Japan and Russia, too. It undoubtedly is also critical in the development of political stability within all areas of the wider region of the world, which is equally important to everyone.
-
The humans frightened them unreasonably.
 They constantly fretted, wanting to keep her, and me, from contaminating anyone else.
 I attempted to reason with them, but they turned on me.
 “You don’t understand, you never will!
 They will consume you.
 The humans will consume us all.” Their hands shook as they spat out the words.
 I didn’t argue after that.
 I wouldn’t have been allowed to leave the castle anyway.
 Besides, it kept her from being paraded in front of so many visitors.
 I stopped again.

 t understand. I just don’t understand. I don’t want to understand. I don’t not understand. I don’t understand, sorry. I don't want to understand, sorry, sorry. It’s hard. It’s impossible. You have to understand, sorry
-
See, “Forget my Roots” is an inversion of “Burn my Bridges.”  You gotta compare the lyrics.
 I’m not gonna connect the dots for you, man, I’m the artist.
 You gotta meet me halfway.
 Ok?
 You dig?
 CM:  	Yet, the next song is definitely a more mellow, more, can we say California song?
 BG:  	“At City Lights I was Saved.’ Yeah.
 An homage to Ferlinghetti, his whole ethos, his whole mystique.
 He’s the patron saint of boho out here, you know?
 I wrote that song after an afternoon I spent with him and Michael McClure and Dylan at McClure’s place.

 s how I think of it, the dingy basements... that song it is for me. It’s a little overwhelming. I’m trying to sing. I just want to be. It’s really hard to try to capture the soul’s little vibes of
-
Jim – Johnny.
 Johnny – She didn’t even sign it.
 How do you get on with your life after that?
 Jim – You need to find something else.
 Dad had the business to keep him occupied.
 Johnny – Yeah I know, he spent fifty or sixty hours a week there after mom left.
 I didn’t ever see him.
 A lot of help he was.
 Jim – Some times all we need is just to escape.
 Look at me, I read Sumo Assassin.

 , I read Sumo Assassin.... –mo Assassin. Sumo..........<eop> Jim – I’m sorry, I need that, I want that. I can’t.......
-
Back up.
 I had been a sensitive, affectionate kid, as kids go, until I hit adolescence and people started dying.
 My grandpa.
 My great grandma.
 My other grandpa.
 Uncle Charlie.
 My dad.
 Uncle Eddie.
 Aunt Mary.
 Uncle Fenton.

 ............,.....,.......,.............................
-
In fact, it was all too likely he was going to fight my every effort to bring us closer together precisely because he didn't want to take advantage of me.
 I was suddenly very certain though that I was going to wage that war.
 I couldn't not want him, not love him, any more than he could do less than his best to keep his family from harm.
 Chapter 28 Alec was completely drenched in sweat, and I still wanted to throw myself at him so badly my teeth hurt.
 It shouldn't be possible for someone to look so good dressed in what amounted to little more than loose, extra-stretchy sweatpants.
 "How was training?"
 It was hard to sound casual.
 The urge to kiss him had become almost overpowering in the last few days.
 He knew me better on every level imaginable than anyone outside my immediate family ever had, and all I could think about right now was how much I wanted to touch him.
 "Fairly well, all things considered.

 shrugged. "Not bad for a while" but as soon as I kissed him I couldn't even feel my teeth, and my teeth still hurt. "So were you... how were you?" Clearly I was fine. But I was still in a hot,
-
“His name is…‌he will tell you his name.
 He is powerful, Harruq.
 Very powerful.
 I’ve taken him as my teacher, and I want him to become yours as well.”
 Harruq raised his arms and flexed, watching his calloused hands open and close.
 “What can a teacher of magic offer me?” he asked.
 Qurrah chuckled.
 “You’d be surprised,” he replied.
 “But will you accompany me tonight?”
 “Fine, fine, I will,” he said.

 "But you don’t have to worry, Qur.. with you. Come tonight, he will lead you. He will... he’ll lead you there. He will lead you, he will lead you to..., he will lead you to....
-
Harruq had no reply.
 Eyes low, he stepped out into the night, Aurelia trailing not far behind.
 They travelled deeper into the town.
 A knot grew in her stomach as she noticed he had both his swords, and as they approached the poorer parts of the town, the knot only tightened.
 She watched the half-orc glance in through the windows of the buildings he passed.
 She found herself praying he only meant to steal possessions…‌just possessions, nothing more.
 _Keep the swords sheathed,_ she prayed.
 _Sheathed and bloodless._
 He continued wandering, and she found herself circling several streets multiple times.
 Stalling, she thought, but it was little comfort.

 her eyes, curled into a pillow and buried her head back in the back of her neck. As they circled ands ands of streets and lower parts of the town, her stomach grew more stalling, but there was no real answer. No, the knot kept growing in her stomach. No
-
I've had to spend an hour there every evening since Dad found out I had the class low on the first test.
 Stupid Internet.
 I can't believe they give our parents an account where they can see how we do on every test."
 Britney had my sympathy there.
 Nobody liked their parents knowing too much about their school life, academic or otherwise.
 "Wow, they talked about doing that at my last school, but I wouldn't have expected a town this small to have something like that implemented."
 We dropped our books off and started towards the cafeteria.
 Being back at my locker, back where I'd seen Mr. Gorgeous, made me wonder about him.
 Britney had to ask me a question twice before I realized she'd been talking.
 "Sorry, I was thinking about something."

 . "Oh yeah, you know my stuff.""What about the call I just got?" "Oh yeah, it's....." "You're so..." "No, you're..." "I
-
"If I keep eating like this, I'll get fat."
 "I doubt it."
 He reached for another slice of French bread.
 "But if you want some exercise, I'll show you how to use the treadmill.
 And see if I can find an exercise tape."
 "Treadmill?
 Exercise tape?"
 "You'll see."
 That night he showed her how to use the treadmill and how to work the VCR.
 He rented an exercise video and the two movies he'd mentioned, and Marie found herself looking forward to the next day.

 with him on the treadmill for her.<eop> "You did that?" Marie asked, smiling, ""."""".""""".""""""""""""""""""""""""
-
It’s just talking about Jimi makes me feel, I don’t know, useless somehow.
 Vulnerable.
 You dig?
 CM:  	Did you go to the funeral?
 BG:  	Naw.
 I didn’t, man.
 We were playing that weekend, I think.
 But, it was like, he’s dead, you know?
 He’s dead forever.
 What does one day have to say about forever?

 : I’m not, like,, Yeah. Like,,. Like,,. Like, Yeah, you know. Like,... I wasn’t dead. I mean, I’m, like,, Yeah, like,
-
"No, I find that I'm strangely unconcerned right now with what the future may bring, and this seems entirely too good an opportunity to waste on a substitute that knows even less about physics than we do."
 I returned his smile, and grabbed his hand, tugging him in the direction of the outside door.
 We didn't go far, stopping in a little cluster of trees no more than fifty feet from the school.
 "So is this nearly complete disregard for consequences typical?"
 Alec gazed at me with one of his indecipherable looks for several seconds.
 Feeling more than a little self-conscious, I tried to let go of his hand and scoot a little further away, but he maintained his grasp.
 "Please don't.
 I didn't mean to make you nervous.
 It's just that you continue to surprise me."
 "It's more than a little creepy how you all can do that.

 's a little odd that you all surprise me." I said, """", """, """","", """,""", """", """"","""
-
“Few have such strength; taking a second greater sigil seems to consume far more power than one.
 It is not just twice as much, but far more.
 Only the most powerful have such magic, but you have the power of an Immortalist mage.
 I can’t promise it, but you should have such magical strength.” Doi’van and Imeralda watched silently as he reached out to touch the Celestial Lion, his hand again drawn to its mane.
 This time no voice spoke up to warn him away.
 The fur of the mane was surprisingly rough to the touch, and strangely, Rodregas smelled grass.
 EPILOGUE BEGINNINGS
 His large frame stalked through the grass, eager for the hunt to begin.
 The great Lion twitched his ears to the right.
 He had expected his nemesis, the White Stag, but instead walked a woman.

 her, his hand in the front of his head, and Rodregas stepped over to her side. There was a small figure wearing a black cloak and a hood. Over his head, there was a small silver mane, and a small silver dagger. The mane also wore a black cloak
-
That was when she begged me to wire the house for sound.
 Donovan and I spent two weeks setting up mics in Mom's studio, and then another couple of weeks running sound into every other room of the house.
 She kept insisting it was so she could monitor Mother on the rare occasions when nobody else was home, but I used to hear her trying to play along to 'Courtship'."
 The trace of a smile on Alec's face lulled me into a false sense of security.
 "She doesn't play now though.
 I've been into her room, and there's no violin there."
 "No, she doesn't play anymore.
 She stopped playing shortly after Mom finished up the piece you just heard."
 His expression was so serious now that I almost stopped him before he could continue.
 "She stopped when she realized that 'Welcoming' was the only celebration of childbirth mother was going to write."

 """""""""""" """"""""""""""" """""""""""""""""""""""""" """.
-
It assumes that the present system has the backing of the international community and that it can and will sustain itself regardless of whatever steps we may contemplate.
 A fundamental change in structure is essential and inevitable.
 The break-up of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War have resulted in the demise of the bipolar system which dominated international relations after 1945.
 The United States is now recognized as the sole superpower and the primary determinant of actions by the UN Security Council.
 But neither America’s culture nor its historical economic and political development and present outlook will permit it to take on the extraordinary responsibilities and overseas commitments which fulfilment of this role necessitates, as its reluctance to get involved in Bosnia and Rwanda, and its quick withdrawal from Somalia illustrate.
 Indeed, no one nation can or should assume such responsibilities on behalf of the whole world.
 The rapid shift of Eastern European and former Soviet republics to radically different political and economic systems demonstrates that changes of even greater magnitude than this can be brought about rapidly.
 There is likely to be far greater support for this change than may at first appear possible.
 Russia may actively support and China offer only nominal resistance, once a clear conception of the new structure has emerged.
 Ironically, the major opposition to this change is most likely to come from the past defenders of democratic principles in the Western world, rather than from the newly liberated nations of Eastern Europe.

 is suggesting that the Western world will solve the problem, or that it will be too easy to take on the issues of justice and even the balance of power. Quite the contrary, it suggests that the lack of democratic ideals in the Western world is the primary cause of the crisis.<eop><eod>
-
"I do.
 I love you with all my heart."
 She pressed her lips to his neck and felt his pulse quicken.
 "You like being kissed on the neck too, don't you?"
 she whispered into his ear.
 "I like it anywhere you kiss me."
 She pressed kisses along his neck and then across his jaw, finally reaching his mouth.
 Their kiss was slow and sweet, and Marie sighed into his mouth.
 "It's so nice," she murmured.
 "What?"

 "It's just so nice." She kissed all the way to his face. "To kiss me." Marie gasped. "To kiss me," she whispered. "To kiss..."<eop> "To be kissed on..." Marie kissed her
-
I don’t think so.
 Fruitless, really, to pursue it.
 But, you know, Dylan sort of talked me into it.
 He hates the bootlegs, for good reason.
 If he’d wanted The Basement stuff out there, you know.
 But, I did get involved.
 At least it gives Pete something to do.
 There’s nothing more dangerous than a lawyer with time on his hands.
 Lessee, the other two cuts, are “Laurie Had Thighs Like Opinici” and “Melody Came as a Lichtenstein Painting.”  Two originals that I’ve never used.
 “Laurie” is a blues—a beat I stole from Fred McDowell—that almost makes it.

 ’s not the “old”, the old “old” blues, I don’t know how it came around to that. But, it’s it, it’s it’s it’s, and I can make sense of it. I had to do it, really.
-
Karen – Yes, there is.
 Art – What does it say?
 Karen – It’s called The Importance of Bubble Wrap.
 The explanation explains that it is the artist’s trip of self discovery with other mediums, including the written word.
 Really makes you think doesn’t it, she must be a genius, to go and do something like that.
 To take the mundane and make it art.
 Art –She just dropped some pottery down the basement stairs when she was trying to put it into storage.
 She just salvaged that mistake as best she could.
 Karen – You sure did take the magic out of that fantasy.
 Art – I had to hear about it for weeks after it happened.

 – I never heard it this before..... Karen – Yes, she did, too. Art – It makes you think that you have to take some form of art to make magic. Karen Karen – It’s really hard to take that art. Art –
-
"I'm fine, Mom.
 I just got a little dizzy."
 I didn't want to talk to her.
 What I really wanted to do was enjoy the short immunity fainting usually granted me.
 For a minute or so I could think about Dad and Cindi with impunity.
 I think Mom had figured that out though.
 Nothing I'd tried recently had been equal to the task of getting her to leave me alone, or at least in silence, right after an episode.
 She was probably worried I'd go back to how I was immediately after it all happened.
 I'd lost a couple of weeks there, alternately triggering a panic attack and then thinking about Dad or Cindi until the immunity wore off and another attack ensued.
 Mom had flipped out.

 I got a little dizzy." "Yeah, too." I said, listening to her. I really wanted to talk to her and listen to her. "You have to be okay."<eop> "I'm okay, too, Dad."" I said softly.
-
I shook my head to clear it.
 Cursed dust.
 Ruby joined us.
 “Do the effects last longer sometimes?” I asked.
 “It depends.” “On what?” Seemed like an obvious followup.
 “Your mood.” I was irritated all over again, but got distracted when she licked the point of an arrow.
 “What are you doing?” She grinned.
 “Look, Frey, I don’t know if you’re up for this story right now.” I didn’t think she was funny.
 She sighed.
 “Okay, but you’ll probably regret it.” “Just give her the short version, Ruby,” Steed interrupted.

 you know it now,” I asked.<eop> “Good story,” I smirked. “Good story.” Again, I smiled.<eop> “Okay,” she sighed. “Good story,.”<eop> “We’re done.” I smiled. “I did it, Ruby.” She
-
Rummaging through his old belongings was a grim reminder of his former life.
 Brandon eagerly cleansed himself of almost everything and was resolved to start fresh.
 His stay at Narconon had also exposed him to a minimalist lifestyle completely unlike his prior existence.
 He had learned he didn’t need “things” to prove anything to anybody.
 His ex-girlfriend, Tiffanie, met us at the storage unit to claim her belongings.
 She looked about twenty pounds heavier and it was good weight.
 Tiffanie had been clean and sober since her last relapse in the rehab center.
 They smiled at each other and commented on their vast physical changes.
 They knew their life as a couple was over and that they had both gone their separate ways, while both going in the same positive direction—off drugs—despite astronomical odds.
 The conversation they had was all about sobriety and how wonderful it was to be clean.

 to look me right in the face and remind me that it was wonderful... remind me that it was so wonderful that it was to hear that he was clean...and that I was clean... it was so much better than it was to be clean. It was
-
You will again.” I nodded.
 My nose was itchy.
 I wiggled it.
 “Rest now,” he said.
 “We have time.” I reached forward, ready to ask him to stay, but he wasn’t leaving.
 He only settled in.
 Both he and Ruby were staying with me.
 I was happy… downright blissful.
 Stupid dust.
 I watched Chevelle’s face as my eyes fluttered shut, exhausted.

 .. I....... I ’...’’<eop> Fuck shit, I did. I... I ’’ I...’<eop> I ’’ I....’....
-
If I ever catch you in my room again, you’ll wish you’d hanged yourself a long time ago.
 Speaking of which, why don’t you go kill yourself now, it would make the world a better place.
 Johnny -  Fuck you, I’ll do whatever I want.
 Don’t worry about me reading your diary again anyways, it sucked.
 Everything in it was completely moronic.
 God I can’t believe that I read it in the first place.
 Liz – What’s in your diary?
 Jim – JOURNAL.
 Johnny – Diary.
 Jim – JOURNAL.

 – What’s in your diary? Liz – Journal? Jim – JOURNAL? – JOURNal? Jim – Diary? God what the fuck, you want to tell me something! Johnny - Oh hell, no, but I’ve read
-
anyone but me."
 He gazed at her for a moment.
 "I love you, Marie.
 And if you'd stay here with me, I'd promise you that I would never, ever touch another woman."
 His words filled her with anguish.
 She could have him, but only if she stayed here.
 And she couldn't do that.
 She had to go home.
 To have Rick, she would have to give up her parents, her friends, her home.
 She loved Rick with her whole heart, but how could she .

 . "...."........ ", "......................... ", "........
-
Jim – Kinda funny isn’t it?
 Liz – It’s gross!
 Jim – I don’t think he’s gotten laid since well before Johnny was born.
 Liz – How can you actually talk that way about your dad?
 He’s your dad!
 Jim – We all have urges you know.
 Just cause he’s a bit older doesn’t change anything.
 I think the pile of porn defiantly proves that.
 I bet your parents are the same.
 Liz – My parents?

 –. Jim – How about you?... . are you single?<eop>... .......... are you married? Jim – I don’
-
As he followed Doi’van into the shadows of the distant arch Rodregas smelled what had attracted Doi’van, the odor of brimstone and hellfire.
 Rodregas stepped back in shock; what was that smell of the Infernal Realm doing here in the Cathedral of the Heavens?
 Doi’van however, did not step back but stepped forward, reaching out to the stone.
 When he touched it, suddenly there was a doorway.
 It was the twin of the main entrance, except here there were no guards.
 Doi’van reached for the long handle, but Rodregas quickly said, “Stop!” Doi’van looked back at him and Rodregas could see that he was under no magical geis controlling his will, just curiosity of what the source of the Infernal smell was down here.
 But what Doi’van said to him was, “Where is Imeralda?” At these words Rodregas whirled around and looked around throughout the great chamber.
 Both of their eyes were drawn to where they heard a third door being opened.
 As they had found a door smelling of the fires of hell, so apparently had Imeralda found a door.
 She was opening hers.

 could immediately tell that the door was not theirs. But Rodregas looked back around and saw there was a statue coming through the door. He quickly jumped up and turned around, causing the second door to open right in front of the head of the statue. Then, he opened the door.
-
She wondered how he would look at her when she killed him.
 Surprise?
 Anger?
 Shame?
 She didn’t know.
 She didn’t want to know.
 Magic sparked on her fingertips.
 Harruq might have seen if he had looked over, but his eyes stared through the window.
 He pulled back the sword.
 His hand reached in.

 the sword to the side. He sheathed it. He pulled it out, put it down, put it down.... It. It ate at it.... it ate at it, poisoned at it, ate it, poisoned it, ate...
-
That is our fate.
 That is our reason.
 Do you understand?”
 Harruq’s fingers traced the hilts of his new swords.
 He knew what his brother asked.
 He had killed before, but this was different.
 This was a complete surrender to the murderer within.
 He thought of his vow to Velixar, and also to his brother.
 Obedience.
 Loyalty.

 ............................ sense of.................... sense of........
-
Hey, I got some here—Lor, get a copy of “Don’t Ever Antagonize the Horn” for Creole.
 A little something for your reading public, man, for the fans.
 I can still cook, Daddy, believe it.
 Check out that bridge—that “rave up.”  I was really playing that instrumental part like it’s a jazz chart, see, stretching it out—that’s psychedelia, I guess.
 Shit, that was fun.
 CM: 	Huh.
 I thought that was, like, a one-hit wonder thing.
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah.
 That’s the story.
 I remember Rolling Stone sent someone out here to get the story behind the song, but, by that time Laughing Buddha Jesus Phallus Records has closed up its offices.

 Uh, where’s that? BG:: Yeah, it isn’t out yet.<eop> Lor MC: Uh...I don’t know. CM: "Oh, I don’t know." Sigh. BG: Oh,
-
No, he knew that answer.
 She would not abandon her child just as he would not abandon Qurrah.
 Then what was bothering him so?
 He fell to his knees and stabbed the old weapons into the dirt.
 The faces of those he had killed danced before his eyes, especially the mother and her child, and the young girl holding her little sister.
 The fear in their eyes.
 The screams.
 The panic.
 Horror.
 “I do what I have to do,” he said again.

 ,,,,,,,, and,, and, and,,,,,,,,,,,,,, and,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, and,
-
In the previous chapter, we have called for rapid reduction leading to a complete elimination of agricultural subsidies and other trade barriers by industrial nations, which can generate a positive multiplier effect.
 It has been estimated that complete liberalization of trade in agricultural commodities would yield an annual gain (in 1992 dollars) of about $25 billion for OECD countries and $22 billion for developing and formerly centrally planned countries.
 Actual gains could be very much higher.
 These subsidies cost Western consumers several hundred billion dollars annually.
 In addition, they lead to dumping of surplus sugar, cereal, milk and beef in developing countries, often pushing down the prices which farmers in these countries receive for their produce to far below their production cost.
 The benefits of eliminating these subsidies would be multiple.
 For instance, eliminating subsidies to sugar-beet growers and dairy farmers in Europe would stimulate greater demand, not only for imported sugar from developing countries, but also for cocoa, which combined with sugar and milk is the basis for the chocolate industry.
 Measures of this type will result in substantially increased demand for agricultural products from developing countries, the first step in an upward spiral of global economic growth that will stimulate industrial exports and job growth in both East and West.
 2.Global, environmentally sustainable Green Revolution.
 The term 'Green Revolution' has been praised for its positive impact on crop productivity and criticized for its likely adverse effects on the environment and social equity.

 s, pesticides, fertilizers, pesticides and chemicals lead to important sectors of the global economy such as fossil fuels in the east and coal mines in the west and parts of the north and south. Greens are essential to energy, transport, the environment, fisheries, and agriculture. The Green Revolution
-
Both of their lives depended on her doing what Rodregas had told her.
 If he succeeded, she would know what Rodregas had done; if he failed, well he was familiar enough with that feeling.
 He saw her lips forming something under her breath, probably a spell, but she did not have time to execute a spell of sufficient strength in the time left her.
 Magic took too long to prepare to be useful so quickly.
 Ravenhurr stepped into the last circle; the one made entirely of what appeared to be fresh blood and of symbols made from the careful placement of living organs.
 Rodregas breathed in deeply, trying to settle himself, and almost gagged from the smells: the stench of fresh blood, the scent of fear from the prisoners, the smell of power, and other smells that he could not identify.
 Rodregas closed down on himself, “Duty,” he thought.
 “My real duty this time, focus on the next step.
 I can do this.” As Rodregas raised the club, he kept his eyes away from the AElf maiden not wanting to give himself away to anyone watching.
 “Gods,” Rodregas quietly prayed.

 ........ the.. Is.................. Is............., Is...........
-
While luckily the knights provided the bows for all contestants, they did not have them available for practice.
 The only bows that the three had were the Black Yews, which Rodregas continued to struggle to use.
 So while Rodregas had learned to shoot the bow when he was trained as a squire, and was proficient in it, he had not shot one in years.
 He trailed behind the others and watched them shoot.
 There were five shots that you had to make: a man shaped target at twenty paces, a crouching man shape at thirty, a standard round target in a hay bail at forty, and another round target at fifty paces and finally there was a round target dragged in hops and jumps across the field with a rope pulled by squires.
 As the first round of contestants lined up behind the rope to shoot, Rodregas watched the technique of the better archers and mentally went through Imeralda’s advice.
 She was all about breathing; she claimed that keeping your eyes where you wanted the arrow to go and releasing the string at two-thirds of the way through your exhale was the best way to hit your target.
 Rodregas became nervous as he waited.
 He was very impressed by the quality of the archery on display.
 Clearly everyone knew what they were about.

 the squire, turned to the knights, and asked the men to pull the two bows out. Each of the knights pulled their bows behind them, allowing Rodregas to follow behind the other bower. The other two of the men started to bow, too.
-
She hadn't even mentioned the dress.
 "Thank you.
 I was hoping I could get one."
 He glanced down at her.
 "Sweetheart, you can get anything you want."
 With delight she browsed through racks of dresses and then tried on half a dozen.
 "I like the black one the best," Rick told her.
 "Really?
 You like it better than the red?"
 "Yeah.

 it. ""Oh, Rick, Rick..." "Oh, Rick, my God. I think it's really beautiful." "Oh, Rick, my God. I just love the red." "Oh God, my God...."
-
He smiled at the pretty rosiness in her cheeks.
 Taking her hand, he leaned close to whisper, "One day--one day soon--I plan to arrange things so that I can hold you all night long."
 Her blush deepened.
 She understood his allusion, and although she wasn't ignorant of what the marriage bed involved, she had no firsthand experience at all.
 And Davis wasn't some adolescent boy trying to touch what he shouldn't; he was her Prince Charming, and he'd all but proposed marriage to her.
 Daringly she entwined her fingers with his and raised her eyes to smile into his.
 The evening was magic.
 Marie and Davis had dinner alone at the Locke-Ober Café, Boston's most exclusive restaurant, and then he took her dancing at a private club where she'd never been.
 It overlooked the Charles River, and when they left the club, they strolled along the river.
 It was a warm, clear April evening, a night right out of a romance novel.

 hand, rubbing her hands on the water until she found a hand. She leaned close to have a look at the hand, and while walking down the river, she was feeling her hands on, and her fingers, and her hands.<eop> Suddenly, she was in a place, the river and the
-
.
 had opened.
 He'd been thinking about Marie's life in 1927--just as he had been when she'd walked into his garden and his life.
 He was the key.
 Rick squeezed his eyes shut, thinking about television and microwaves and airplanes.
 When he opened them, most of the fog had evaporated.
 Everything seemed normal.
 The water was gurgling from the frog's mouth.
 Jumping up, he ran inside and up the stairs.
 "Marie?"

 ......... " " " " " " ". " " "... "... " As soon as he got up, Marie's
-
I don’t want to do the drug talk again.
 I’m clean, that’s all we need to know right now.
 CM: 	“Aphids on the Heliotrope.”
 BG:  	That was for Lor’s mom.
 She’s a big gardener, got this incredible spread of flowers in her back yard.
 She’s taught me a lot about simple pleasures, flowers, feathers, sun.
 She’s practically a Native American shaman—she, oh, never mind….
 CM: 	“Nature breathing heavy/trying to keep up with her.’
 BG:  	Yeah, yeah, that’s Lor’s mom, Sadie.
 She’s remarkable, really, a sort of Zen master just in her daily life.

 : “That is for her mom. Yeah, Sadie’s been watching her.”<eop> M: MC: “Well, I’m crazy, I’m a fool, I’m an idiot, a coward, I’m a coward. Sadie’s been
-
Chapter Six Trails
 Chevelle kept a quick pace and I found myself struggling to keep up.
 Unlike me, he wasn’t dodging between rocks and trees, bending out of sight and watching the ground to keep from breaking twigs while he tried to keep from being spotted.
 I cursed the formal dress I’d been dragging as it snagged on a low-lying thicket, flinging another string of beads into the soft dirt.
 I considered dumping it, but didn’t think it was the best idea to be sneaking around the forest unclothed.
 After crossing a few soggy patches of moss, the hem was damp and darkened.
 I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.
 Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
 It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.
 He dropped the simple pack he’d been carrying beside a tree and hunched down as he slowed his pace.

 several handfuls of sand, a bit of dirt and water, and the fabric of the dress began to run dry. I knew it was a kin to the odor of my father’s clothing.... I had forgotten about the smells.<eop> It was only the next
-
Rodregas probably should have picked up Nordien’s mace and shield, but he also knew that without plate armor, he could not afford a long drawn out series of pounding matches.
 Rodregas would fight like a lion instead.
 He charged the next closest squire who was approaching another squire.
 His new opponent never knew he was coming.
 He was heavily covered in armor with little visibility so he never saw Rodregas jumping on him from behind.
 This opponent was smaller and crashed to the ground at the unexpected weight of the attack.
 Rodregas was more careful in ripping off this squire’s helm, and punched him in the face but once.
 It was enough.
 He took out four other squires before anyone seemed to realize that he had changed the rules.
 Not to his surprise, it was Geriodon who was the first to face him and fend him off.

 don was small, and when he went to open the back of his squire, he realized that he was fighting the lion. Rodregas went to look back at him, and realized that the squire was the lion, and he was going to give him the fight.
-
You’re not planning to stab my mother are you?
 Jim – No way!
 I wouldn’t want to do that!
 Liz – Then what’s the knife for?
 Jim – I was planning on stabbing myself, then making my getaway in the ambulance to the hospital.
 Liz – Isn’t that a bit extreme a reaction?
 Just excuse yourself and leave.
 No mess, no pain, and no hurt feelings.
 Jim – I’ve tried that, didn’t work.
 Liz – You could just pretend to be stomach-ache then.

 – If you want, just pretend to be stomach-ache. Jim – No, there’s no way there, that would not be acceptable. Liz – But that’s okay. That’s ok. Jim – I know my parents don’t like that, but
-
The pages directly from the record-keeper’s report all included the same Council mark plus a string of characters.
 Trying to decode them, I realized one of the symbols might simply be a page number.
 And the others, they were probably locators.
 I felt like a fool.
 They were just like the codes used in the library, only more elaborate.
 No one really used the ciphers, you didn’t need them with magic, but they had been added to many of the pages when the fairies had started tracking clan histories.
 I was holding in my hand the information I needed to find the northern clans in the Council’s library.
 My stomach tightened, but I found myself getting up and heading toward the village, regardless of the consequence.
 I argued with that impulsive part of me the entire way to town.
 I shouldn’t do it.

 it again.<eop> I couldn’t do it anymore. I couldn’t do it anymore. I had to do it. I had done it. I just didn’t really know what to do. I shook my head and my head. I couldn’t find a way to stop my
-
With any luck you'll both be out of town within a couple days.
 I think I can arrange it so neither of you will be back for a year or two.
 That should be more than enough time for this all to resolve itself one way or another."
 I felt my eyes go wide with panic as I realized what he was proposing.
 "Wait.
 No.
 You can't do that."
 I tried to grab a hold of his arm, but he'd already taken several steps away.
 The pleasant tingly feeling was gone, but that loss was nothing against the sense of cold abandonment rushing through me.
 I tried to step forward, tried to follow him, but my vision was dimming and my heart felt like it was about to explode.

 I do this? "No," I whispered to myself. I didn't understand. What had to be left was my heart.<eop> "Talk to me," he called back. "You can let go of this if you're really going to trust me."
-
Johnny – May I be excused for a while?
 Art – You feeling okay?
 Johnny – I’m fine, I just have some things to take care of, and I’m not too hungry.
 Art – Go ahead, but don’t take too long, we have traditions to uphold.
 Jim – Dad, that’s not going to induce him to return quickly.
 Karen – Do you want us to leave some dinner out for you for later?
 Johnny – No, I’ll take care of it.
 Thanks.
 Art – Sure it will.
 Karen – Take care of yourself.

 things out for you. Johnny –.<eop> Art – Jim – I know what I know how to do. Tell me, what do you want me to do? Jim – Oh,. Yeah. I think...<eop> Art – – Do you want
-
What do you call a date?"
 "You know--going out to dinner and then dancing or to a concert or something."
 "I'd rather wash my car and have a pizza delivered."
 She frowned.
 "Why?"
 "Because we have a better chance to get to know each other."
 He took her hand, kissing the back of her fingers.
 "This week we've exercised, done laundry, shopped, gone to the beach, cooked, watched TV, and talked the whole time.
 Well, except when we were watching TV, and even then your questions helped me to get to know you."
 She laid her head on his shoulder, pleased but confused.

 , "What do you mean?" He gradually lowered his voice. """", """, "" """", """""", """", """""", ""
-
Jim – It’s just not Gene’s way.
 He likes to create a nuisance and a spectacle.
 He’s better at the former than at the latter, but he does try.
 If people found out that his father beat him, well they would explain away his actions with some text-book psychology and do more to try and ignore him.
 That would really piss Gene off.
 I think that he just likes the attention that he receives.
 Johnny – If it’s true…
 Jim – If what’s true?
 Johnny – The beatings.
 I mean.

 Jim Okay, I’m just telling you, but if it’s true, I listen to the beatings, I listen to all the beatings, I hear the beats, the beats stop, I listen to the beatings, I hear the beatings, and what’
-
The unmarked cars were apparently mixed into the parking lot full of cars.
 I made the call and Ashley answered quickly.
 I told her where I would be in twenty minutes (which was exactly where I was now).
 She immediately tried to get me to meet her at the apartment where she massaged me.
 I told her I had a brief window of time and I needed to pick up some items for my wife at the store so that was the only place and the only way I could meet them.
 She agreed and said she would see me soon.
 After I hung up the phone, the officer called me on my personal cell phone, which I was answering from a headset in my ear.
 He offered some encouraging words about how I had handled her attempt to move me and said they would try to move me again because Steve was not going to want to meet me in this county because of his arrangement with the police here.
 We were only a mile from another county line so Officer White and his team felt he would try to get me to move that mile.
 I hung up and the wait began.

 up to the officer about a half hour later so I was across the street. He came to me and began to ask me where I was and if I was there to pick up some items for Steve. I hung up the phone. I was waiting at the end of the block about a quarter mile
-
The fucking bitch hated me, and she let me know every day of my life.
 What could be more god damn mother fucking awful than that?
 Huh?
 Eugene – She could have beaten you as well.
 Johnny – Really?
 You’re one to talk, mom always treated you better than she treated me.
 What do you know about it you spaz?
 You haven’t even lived with your family for years now.
 Eugene – Fredric beat me.
 At first he just yelled at me, and beat mom.

 it. He fucking beat mom................. I thought that it was really I really thought that it was really..... I thought that it was really.............
-
Rick took her face between his hands, kissing her over and over.
 "I love you so much," he murmured, claiming her mouth again.
 Marie pulled away.
 "How soon can we get married?"
 she asked breathlessly.
 He laughed.
 "Will Monday morning be soon enough?"
 "I don't know."
 She didn't think she could resist his kisses for another second.
 He smiled slightly, stroking her hair.

 ..."..""..."..""..""""".."".""..."""""""..""""""..""..""".""
-
Do you want to play frisbee?"
 "No."
 He watched her play for a couple of minutes and then headed back toward the blanket.
 Marie ran after him.
 "Don't you want to play?"
 she asked, clinging to his arm.
 "No."
 She could tell he was angry.
 "What's wrong?"
 "Nothing."

 ....." """ "" """ "" "" "" " "" " "" "" """ """ "" "" """ ""
-
I tried to capture that in the song.
 I probably missed the mark—you had to be there (laughs)—but I tried, you know?
 I wanted to say something about being an artist, a struggling artist, how it’s hard to even say what you mean, half the time.
 I don’t know.
 Some of that is in that song.
 The line about the maple tree is McClure’s.
 I don’t really like the arrangement we came up with for this song.
 I don’t think the backup guys were up to it.
 I should have played everything—I almost went back in and re-cut it, but, hell, it’s ok the way it is.
 But, it could have been better.

 to put it in this song. And, I don’t like how well we came up with the arrangements for this song. I want you to love it, and yeah, it could have been better, but, it’s not. I was just trying to take it a little out of
-
It isn’t about your parents is it?
 I just thought it was about Jesus and Elvis fighting ninjas.
 That would make a sweet comic book, the King of Rock and Roll and the King of Kings, battling ninjas and the forces of evil to save the world.
 They would need a jet, and some fancy gizmos, but man would it kick.
 ‘Elvis, shalt we implant our sandals into the asses of these dark warriors?’ ‘Yeah good buddy, time to give em a free trip to heartbreak hotel’.
 Liz – It doesn’t have a name, I just painted it for fun.
 It’s not about my parents or anything else.
 It might well have been since Mother really didn’t want that one in the show, but it has made a lot of people laugh, and the posters of it are selling well.
 Jim – There are posters?
 I gotta get me one of those.

 ’t a name. I don’t know why there is a poster of it, but man, it’s not even about my parents either. Liz – There’s a book in the world and a poster of it that doesn’t have a name. Jim – I just
-
I think I’ll put it off as long as I can.
 Liz – I think I would get it out of the way as quickly as possible.
 Jim – On another day I might do that, but not today.
 I think I’ll go and get something to eat first.
 Every condemned man should get a last meal before being executed.
 Liz – That sounds like a good idea too.
 Jim – I haven’t eaten in hours.
 Liz – Neither have I, not since before the show, too nervous.
 Where do you think you’ll go?
 Jim – That’s a hard one, I think I’m in the mood for some Chinese food though.

 for me? – Jim – Can you make both a last meal and a meal for you?” – Yeah – Well, it is a meal that I have, that I can eat twice a week, but I will have it as a last meal. Jim – I’
-
It felt odd to marvel over my own reflection, but I couldn’t pretend I didn’t like it.
 The changes were still unnerving though, and I tried to remember what I looked like in my oldest memories, to see before, to see my mother’s face.
 The door opened behind me.
 “Ah, yes,” Ruby purred as she looked me over.
 “Lovely.” Her inflection left no doubt the word was not a compliment, only that she found it lovely she’d discovered me here.
 I could see Chevelle through the open door behind her, still in the main room and evidently annoyed.
 “I, of course, am Ruby,” she said.
 “I’m pleased you’ll be staying with me during your visit.” Staying with her?
 This was her house?
 I was sure I was wearing the same irritated look as Chevelle now.

 , I knew I shouldn’t be surprised. It certainly wasn’t just that I was angry at it. It was up to me.<eop> I slipped out of the main room in the open door, hoping to get her back and meet me in the door at the end of the room.
-
Meat consumption in China has tripled since 1978 and is expected to more than double again over the next two decades.
 Sugar consumption in developing countries is currently less than half the average of industrial nations.
 In India, sugar consumption is projected to rise from 13 kg to more than 25 kg, generating a demand for a 100 per cent increase in sugar cane production, the establishment of 300 to 400 new sugar mills in the country and the creation of 3 to 4 million new jobs in this industry alone.
 Worldwide, raising the average level of sugar consumption in developing countries could generate tens of millions of additional jobs in agriculture, industry and services.
 Viewing the future demand for food from this perspective reveals a tremendous opportunity.
 Vast sections of humanity now aspire to the higher quantity, wider variety and greater nutritional content of food once consumed only by the wealthy.
 An effort to raise nutritional standards in the developing countries nearer to the levels prevalent among industrial countries will not only eradicate hunger, but also dramatically spur economic growth, employment, and purchasing power among the rural poor, stimulating growth of production and jobs in industry and services, as well as increasing exports and imports.
 Raising the entire world population to the level of the prosperous nations would require a 72 per cent increase in total world food production, measured in terms of calories.
 In order to meet the people’s nutritional requirements for fruit and vegetables, India’s production of these crops needs to double within the next decade.
 Achieving that high level will generate more than six million new jobs in the country.

 s are likely to double in India, which will also increase the demand for the growth in agriculture, industry and services, especially in India. By then, there is a potential for rapid growth in the economy and the real possibility of further rapid economic growth in the developing countries.<eop> Overall, global food
-
"Would you like me to put your handkerchief in the laundry?"
 "No!"
 Marie recoiled.
 "This is Rick's.
 Please don't ever let Hattie wash it or the shirt."
 She nodded toward the t-shirt on the pillow.
 Mrs. Tranton gazed down at her for a moment.
 "I'm sorry, darling."
 She kissed Marie's forehead and left.
 Marie curled up next to Rick's t-shirt still clutching his handkerchief.

 to put the t-shirt on the pillow, Marie turns her back to Rick and throws the handkerchief back up to the girl who is holding it. "I don't want her to get on it, baby. "As you see it, Marie holds the handkerchief, and the
-
“Yes…of course construction like this…stone enchanted to absorb the power…it makes the stone stronger with that power.
 Stones formed like this will last as long as the ley line does not move, which happens only rarely and over centuries.
 What is strange is this is not a farm designed by Nymphs.
 The design of the home and barn is clearly human, yet it would be strange for a simple farmer to be able to afford to have his building built of Nymph stone and way up here in this remote place,” She said.
 “Sir Paladin,” Doi’van asked, “You said you traveled here the first time with friends.
 Might they tell folks of this place?” “No,” Rodregas answered, “they were not exactly friends, and they both died long ago.
 Plus, they had no magic and did not even realize this place was on a ley line, and I never told them.
 They just saw an old farm house in bad repair.” “So, what now,” Doi’van asked?
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “I think we should just sleep here tonight.
 We can try the house in the morning.

 ,” Paladin said, and the Nymphs said, “ “Well then, Rodregas, she said, “I’m going to take a look at the house.” “Well, that is strange,” Doi’van said before she continued, “we need to try the
-
After all, we have years together, God willing.
 But first thing tomorrow, I mean to tell her about my trip.
 Not the whole story.
 She can read that someday.
 I’ll give her a short version, something like this: In a rest stop just north of Yreka, I walk down a hill to a bench where I sit and realize all that stands between me and pure joy, which is the Kingdom of Heaven, is me.
 I watch white birds swooping and hovering over the Klamath River, and I think of their maker.
 Then I watch a family, a couple and two daughters, strolling beside the river.
 As I study them, one at a time my vision cuts deeper, and I see the creator alive in each of them.
 And as I picture Jesus, I recognize some of His expressions.
 Patience.

 Kindness. Love. Kindness. Kindness. Grace. Kindness. Grace. Kindness, kindness. Grace. Kindness. Kindness. Kindness. Kinderness. Kindness. A Kindness. Kindness, love. Kinderness. Kindness, and compassion.
-
"I wish--"  She stopped, swallowing and closing her eyes.
 "You wish what?"
 When she didn't respond, he tilted her chin up, making her look into his eyes.
 "Stay here, Marie.
 Marry me.
 We'll have a wedding night more exciting than anything you could imagine."
 Her breath caught, and tears filled her eyes.
 "I-I can't, Rick.
 I have to go home."
 She squeezed his hand.

 can't leave you, Marie." """". "". """.. """". """". '". """".. '". '". '""
-
For that reason, she shouldn't make love with him .
 .
 .
 but for that reason, she wanted to make love with him.
 But how could she do that and then leave him forever?
 How could she give herself to him so completely and then walk away from him?
 With effort, she made herself roll off him, but she couldn't resist cuddling up against him.
 "I wish I could say yes.
 I love you, Rick."
 He didn't respond for a few moments, needing to let his desire ebb.

 I wish I could say no again." I know I don't want to love you anymore. "I know exactly what it's like to want to love you, Rick."<eop> ""I want to love you... "I want to
-
"Where can I drive to?"
 "From one end of the parking lot to the other."
 "A parking lot?"
 "I'll take you to a big, empty parking lot somewhere and let you get the feel of it.
 When you feel comfortable, I might let you drive around some quiet neighborhoods, but you need to study the rules of the road so you can get a license.
 Then we'll see about trying out the streets downtown and the highways."
 "You have to have a license to drive?"
 "Yeah--it's illegal to drive without one."
 "How do you get one?"
 "You have to study the rules and pass a written test, and then they take you out on the road and see how you drive."

 ", ".."," """," """," "", """, """, """, """," " "Yes, you must have a license."
-
He wasn't letting me go though, his right hand had just repositioned to my stomach while his left arm kept me pinned against him almost as tightly as both hands had just a second before.
 It should have been obvious what he had in mind, but it wasn't until his hand was under my shirt and moving upwards that my overloaded mind caught up with events.
 I tried to protest, tried harder to push myself away from him, but he just held onto me tighter than even before.
 His hand was just millimeters away from its target, and I was starting to see stars from lack of air, before I finally remembered some of the tricks my dad had shown me.
 I slammed my heel down on his left foot, and then brought my knee upwards towards his crotch, only to hit nothing but air as he spun me around.
 "What the crap are you doing?"
 He wasn't even limping.
 He seemed more surprised than angry.
 "What was I doing?
 Maybe trying to convince you to keep your hands to yourself, you think?"

 me, and looked back. "What were you really doing, son?.....?"<eop> "You know, you picked me up, like you told me."<eop> "I never did it, but I tried, you know." He turned to face
-
He nodded, swinging in a low chop.
 As his sword struck her staff, the sparring began.
 Aurelia was familiar with her staff, the wood comfortable in her grip.
 She had no sense of tactic, though, and all it took was a quick feint or two before she left herself horribly open.
 Harruq used only one sword, running it in slow circles, stabs, and the occasional feint.
 He enjoyed the steady workout but savored even more watching Aurelia move gracefully through the air.
 Whenever his eyes lingered too long, however, he’d feel the sharp sting of Aurelia’s staff against his arms or chest.
 When they finished, Harruq slumped onto his rear and rubbed his bruises.
 “I shouldn’t be able to hit you,” Aurelia said as she sat across from him, her legs tucked underneath her.
 “Yeah, so?” Harruq asked.

 stepped toward him, and Aurelia grabbed his arm and fell to the floor onto her back. He slumped down onto the mat. At the end, Aurelia was as solid as a rock, her head pressed to her back, back to her own safety.<eop> They went into the ring
-
_T_ _he swarming sensation of power enveloped him.
 Beneath angry clouds, the man with red eyes beckoned._
 I am waiting, _he said._ All the power of Dezrel is waiting.
 What must I do?
 _Qurrah asked as he crept up the hill toward the dark man as if approaching a god._
 You know the words.
 Can I trust you?
 _The red eyes flared in laughter._ Can you trust anyone?
 _Qurrah crawled faster, knowing the dream was ending.
 But it couldn’t end.

 toward the dark man, and the red eyes flared with laughter.<eop><eod> """" said the dark man. "There was..."" said the dark man, the ""There was...""" and "".""
-
He came over and bent down, tracing the sign with his finger.
 I waited and finally said, “Well, do you know what it is?” Seth dropped his finger.
 “It means, 'slayer of worlds'.
 Does that ring a bell?” “How do you know that?” I asked.
 He shrugged.
 “I don't know how, I just do.
 Maybe that's my power.” “Well, I want to go this way,” I said and pointed to the entrance.
 “If something like that is on the entrance, I want to know where this goes.” “I agree but aren't we supposed to be trying to find Emily and Jason?” “I have an idea,” I said and pulled my bow off my back.
 I removed one of my arrows and put my bow on the ground.
 I walked over to Seth and pulled his sword out of its sheath.

 waved me off and he walked over to the entrance. I sat down and took my sword from his hand and shook it. Seth led me right back to the entrance. Then I turned and headed back toward the main entrance.<eop> ***<eop> “We are trying to find Emily and Jason and I want
-
Eugene – Okay!
 Uh-oh!
 Johnny – What’s wrong?
 Eugene – Oh the pain!
 Johnny – Now what?
 Eugene – I have to goto the bathroom, take a few minutes to warm up, you’ll need it.
 Johnny – Don’t fall in.
 (Eugene leaves the stage in a noticeable hurry)
 Johnny – What’s his problem?
 Jim – Aside from his inability to master Super Karate-Master 6000?

 Johnny – What’s his problem?<eop> Jim – What’s the problem,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,? Jim – Oh,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
-
CM:  	Uh…some people see in your “California” LPs a kind of return to innocence, a willful perspective that is more Edenic, or childlike.
 Would you say that you are seeking innocence with your recent work, that you are moving toward artlessness?
 BG:  	You would say that.
 I think you just did say that.
 Artlessness?
 Hm.
 I wouldn’t have used that word, but I like it.
 Yes, strip off the artifice, cut off the fat.
 Too many rock lyricists—you can think of them as well as I can, say, that guy with Procol Harum, or that Emerson Lake and Palmer shit, or some of Jim’s stuff, which, to be honest, I can’t stomach, all that lizard king shit—they’re purposely making with the lit-rock attitude, you know?
 They want you to study their lyrics.

 you to hear them. They don’t want you to think about the music. You know, they don’t even want you to read them. I mean....they just want to get you to read them, to feel the richness of the music. I mean, they
-
Aurelia, meanwhile, absently drew lines in the dirt.
 He watched for a moment, suddenly nervous and quiet.
 The words of his brother echoed in his head.
 “Aurry?” he asked.
 “You said most elves remember when men were created…‌do you know how orcs were made?”
 The elf looked at him.
 She was trying to read him, Harruq could tell, but he endured it without protest.
 “When Ashhur and Karak warred, there were elves that sought to end it,” she said.
 “Against Celestia’s orders, they joined Karak, hoping their aid would finally end the conflict.
 When our goddess imprisoned the two gods, she cursed those elves.

 k attempted to cast her curse at the elf. In the field, one of the orcs cast her spell, “... do you know it was Celestia?” The elf stared at her in horror. “If I knew you had cast her curse, you probably would
-
Liz – First of all, it’s disgusting thinking about my parents doing that.
 Secondly, even when they sleep in the same house, they sleep in different beds.
 Jim – They sleep in different beds?
 It’s like a 1950’s television show.
 Anyways they could push the beds together from time to time.
 Liz – They couldn’t push the beds together though, they sleep in different rooms.
 Jim – I’m surprised that each of them doesn’t have their own porn collections that rival my dad’s.
 Liz – They don’t need to buy porn.
 Jim – They visit each other’s rooms then?
 Liz – No, they hardly talk to each other.

 in their rooms. Jim – They don’t buy porn.? Liz – They just pretend they don’t see their rooms to often. Liz – They sleep each other’s rooms and just don’t talk to each other. Jim – They sleep in their rooms
-
Jason started talking to Seth and the two whispered so we couldn't hear.
 Emily rolled her eyes.
 “So did you find anything?” I asked and traced the dirt with my foot.
 Emily shook her head.
 “Nothing, we're alone.
 Maybe we can try to get somewhere without bad guys jumping out at us.” “We should move, before something does find us.
 Whatever knocked us out of the sky isn't going to be friendly if they find us again,” I pointed out.
 “Let's move boys, we have a lot more walking to do.” Jason groaned.
 “Why can't they have cars in Igneeria?
 Or maybe a motorcycle, I'm even fine with a golf cart.” “Because,” I said and walked past him, not looking back, “Igneerians aren't lazy Jason's.” I heard him huff and Emily ran up beside me.

 you go the wrong way, I'm afraid I'm going to knock you out of the sky, make up with a hammer. I know the way I got out of the sky, I didn't just go... I didn't just make it up with a hammer
-
"To answer your question, I wasn't always like this.
 When I was younger I saw exactly the way that you do.
 Even now, my vision is more like yours when I'm in this form.
 I still see incredibly well, and there's just the slightest hint of light from living things, but nothing like what you saw in the dreams."
 "So you work from memory mostly then?
 That and trying to make what you see when you're in human form even more drab than what you really see?"
 "That about sums it up, although I didn't really expect you to pick up on that last part so quickly.
 You're remarkably perceptive."
 I felt my face heat at the compliment.
 I quickly looked for something worthy of a chuckle to change the subject.

 me, and smiled. "Oh, yeah," I laughed, "..I don't really know what I want to laugh about, either, but that's really not too much of a problem."<eop> She said, "You" smiled. "I
-
Art – I’ll fill you in later.
 Now isn’t the time to talk about it.
 Eugene – Where’s Johnny?
 I thought he’d like to be here when we finally got some good news.
 Liz – I haven’t seen him since he excused himself at dinner earlier.
 Cleo – Well should we go look for him?
 Jim – Why bother?
 Cleo – Because he’s your brother and you care for him?
 Jim – He’ll turn up eventually.
 Karen – What kind of attitude is that?

 – So you know, and I say to you this, and I’m going to meet you, and I’m going to talk to you, and I want to see him, you want to see him, so you know that. Cleo – Now what? Jim – Do you
-
His eyes bored into mine.
 “Were you scared?
 What’s it feel like there?” “You know when you’re away from home and no matter how great a time you’re having, you’re still a bit uneasy, so when you get home you always feel relieved?
 You unwind, your heart slows.
 Nothing can hurt you now.
 That’s how it felt.” “You’re a lucky guy,” Eric said, in a more wistful tone than I had ever heard him use.
 Freedom
 Driving through Los Angeles, thinking is dangerous.
 An instant of distraction can get you killed.
 I turn off the I-pod and for some moments attend to driving.

 on, I’m driving, I’m going to it, it’s fun, I’m planning it, I’m driving it, I’m doing it. If I’m thinking I’m driving, that’s a good idea. I turn to Eric. “
-
Karen – I thought so.
 Jim – The must have lied then.
 Karen – Art, you didn’t mention that he was witty.
 Art – What wit?
 I believe that he was serious.
 Jim – If Dad and Liz told you a lot about me, then they must have been lying about most of it.
 I’m not really that interesting.
 Karen – You like the comic Sumo Assassin, that in itself if interesting.
 Jim – You’ve heard of Sumo Assassin?
 Karen – I’ve actually read a couple different issues.

 – You’re interested. Karen – You know, it’s an anthology, and you’re talking about how you liked Sumo Assassin stories? Jim – I know you haven’t read it, and you haven’t seen the comic...<eop> Karen
-
When I arrived at home I called Officer White’s phone and told him I had a drug deal set up with Steve and Ashley and they wanted one hundred Oxy pills.
 To say he was shocked would be an understatement.
 He wanted to know how I did this and was I sure it was Steve, as well as numerous other questions.
 I told him that he had told me he didn’t want to know anything, and I preferred to keep it that way for now.
 I did give Officer White enough information so he was sure I had the right people.
 I just needed to know when and where the narcotics squad wanted to do this deal and what I needed to do next.
 The Officer was excited at the opportunity to get this guy and he arranged me coming to the police station so I could make the call to set up the one hundred Oxy pill deal on a recorded phone line.
 The drug deal itself would happen later and I would need to be evasive and the where and the when as to the actual exchange of money for drugs.
 I was told to call her from my phone and tell her I would call her tomorrow around noon.
 Chapter 18: Game Time I arrived at the station and was escorted to an interrogation room.

 the interrogation room I was escorted back to the cell. I was told that I had nothing to talk to anymore. I was told that I could go straight to the police from my phone. I was also told that I needed to get a number to call from on my phone. I was told that
-
I told her I would call her and give her the meeting place after I filled the prescription.
 I called the lead narcotics officer and informed him of my conversation.
 Again he was amazed at my creativity with the concoction of the take away story.
 I told him why I did it that way and that I only wanted to wear a wire one more time.
 He said to call him to confirm the timing.
 A call to the officer confirmed we were on for 6 pm that night.
 I was instructed to call Ashley around 6 pm and tell her I would meet her as soon as I could get out of the house, and that I would call her when I left it.
 I prepared myself emotionally for another unpredictable evening.
 I was told to meet the officers at a different location behind a nearby grocery store near the loading dock and trash bins.
 I arrived promptly, eager to get this thing done, and was immediately disappointed to learn that there would be a delay getting the crew together as they had just busted an Ecstasy dealer and part of the crew was stuck hauling, booking and questioning him.

 had a portion of my prescription that I needed to get filled, and a third that I needed to fill. I was at the store when I got home and checked the records and I was surprised to discover that Ashley was a part of the crew that was there and was going to make a stop on
-
I was a criminal.
 I silently wished Steed was here to build me a shelter so I could crawl in and hide until morning.
 I wasn’t about to try to build one on my own and risk embarrassing myself in front of Chevelle.
 A gust of wind pushed the flames beneath the spit, causing them to writhe and jump.
 They formed shapes that pulled at my memories.
 I tried to follow them, but couldn’t seem to get my thoughts to cooperate.
 I could remember my dreams, the wind and fire surrounding my mother.
 But the memories that came back when I woke from those vivid nightmares were dull.
 The harder I clutched at them, the more they drew away.
 When recognition dawned, I leapt from the rock, cursing Chevelle.

 tugged at me. I stumbled back from the fire, screaming........,....... Then, something pulled me from the fire, pulling me back to the shape of the spit and the fire. I began to find myself again.<eop> Steed
-
Our lecture essentially consisted of an extended review, which I quickly realized I didn't need.
 I broke out my book and started in on one of my catch-up assignments instead.
 At the rate I was going I'd be able to take my makeup exam way ahead of schedule.
 It was a pretty lame thing to be excited about, but just having something going well for a change helped compensate for the rest of my life.
 Amazingly enough, the satisfaction from having accomplished so much shielded me for most of the rest of the day.
 I withstood Britney's varied, mostly unsubtle, attempts to make me feel guilty for not spilling my guts about whatever big secret she thought I had, and even held up through the complete boredom that was Mr. Simms' class.
 It wasn't until I walked into Physics that I felt the cold hand of reality reach out and caress the back of my neck.
 Alec was uncharacteristically early, already sitting at his normal desk.
 He looked up and briefly met my eyes when I reached my desk, but there wasn't even a trace of acknowledgment in his gaze.
 Mrs. Alexander started class, reviewed a couple of points that other groups needed clarified, and then released us to work on our assignments.

 was the first Physics session, so I broke out my book and I walked around to the table at the back of Physics, finding myself in an open space with the other students. All the students were in a small group around a large wooden table. I moved to the group and I pulled out the
-
At the word, I realized I was parched, bone dry.
 I forced myself up, keeping my eyes tight as I concentrated on getting the glass to my lips.
 They were rough, cracked; I could feel them against the rim of the glass.
 I wondered if it was dried blood or if I had been down so long they’d simply split.
 I drank the full glass and felt it exchanged for another.
 I finished it as well and started to lean back.
 There was a pillow behind me now, keeping me in a sitting position.
 It was soft.
 Everything surrounding me felt warm and smooth.
 I opened my eyes gingerly.

 ...................... to a....,...,...,,.......... to a...
-
Uncle Fenton.
 My other grandma.
 And three high school friends including my best friend Eric.
 After Eric died, I took a vow.
 I would love nobody.
 Then neither death nor desertion could hurt me.
 The attitude worked, except it doomed my marriage and helped make me crazy.
 When Darcy arrived, the sight of her instantly flushed my heart of that vow against loving.
 I would sooner have risked any torment than given up my bond with that perfect little girl.
 I became a different fellow.

 ...........I became a whole different man. I became the man, the man, the man, the man the man, and the man.<eop> Darcy had to go out into the world of the world and meet me, the man I needed to be
-
"Yeah."
 She leaned close, inhaling.
 Then she raised her face to nuzzle his neck.
 "You put on fresh cologne."
 "I wanted to be sure I had on enough for the t-shirt to absorb it."
 She kissed his neck.
 "Do you want me to heat up the food?"
 "I'm not hungry."
 She took a wonton and held it to his lips.
 "Sure?"

 down his throat. ""Okay. Thanks." "Okay now." """"Okay." """Okay." ""Okay." "Okay."<eop> He looked into her eyes. "You are right." She nodded
-
Eugene – Let’s get going.
 Art – You all know the rules right?
 Good!
 Prepare to be crushed!
 Jim – And so it begins.
 We’ll pick letters first.
 Art – As you wish, it will not help you to prevail.
 Jim – Will you do the honors Liz?
 Liz – Sure, how many do we get.
 Eugene – Seven.

 – I need to get to the top of it? Eugene – Well, get to the top. And, yes, to the other side of it? Jim – The first winning letter. Liz – Well, to....... Can I win the letters?
-
An elf emerged from behind the building, his body decorated in a brilliant green cloak and silvery armor.
 It was the same elf who had fired the first warning shot to Antonil before the entire battle had begun.
 “I am but a poor outcast,” Qurrah said, hiding the handle of the whip underneath the palm of his hand.
 The coiled leather vibrated, hungering for blood.
 “Do not lie to me.
 I have watched you two slaughter my brethren.
 I have seen much of your handiwork.” The elf glared at him, ugly hatred skewing his handsome features.
 “By now your brother is dead.
 Three of my best warriors await him around that corner.
 I thought it appropriate you knew this before I took your life.”

 back, his robes blushing crimson.<eop> “........ “............”<eop> “.......... “..............
-
"No--these are the small ones.
 I'll go try the others."
 They bought the bigger pair and two shirts, and Marie wore the jeans and the red and navy shirt from the store.
 "Thank you for the clothes, Rick," she said, smiling up at him.
 "You're welcome.
 Do you like them?"
 "Very much."
 She sighed.
 "But I suppose I shouldn't take them back with me."
 "Why?"

 him, and Marie said softly, "Because I don't want to take you back, Rick." He nodded. "Oh, I'm so sorry, Marie. I want you back." "I miss you, too much," she said.<eop> "
-
I had thought it was a mistake.
 The images rolled through my mind as we continued up the mountain.
 The lifeless body of a small gray bird.
 A garden of weeds with roots as black as soot.
 The faces of council as their speaker struggled to breathe.
 A thistle growing in Evelyn’s throat, slowly choking off her airway.
 Chevelle’s face when he had asked who had showed me to fuse the crystal with blood.
 His expression as he’d looked down at me the night before.
 How could you not know?
 That image haunted me the most.

 blood on my crystal. It was supposed to be a mistake. No, I hadn’t had known how to make the crystal myself. I’d known that I had forgotten how to fuse the crystal with blood myself. I probably hadn’t known how to cook. I hadn’t
-
In a number of countries, high levels of unemployment coexist with shortages of particular skills, reflecting significant mismatches between supply and demand for skills.
 The deficiencies in government-operated training programmes can be partially overcome by providing greater incentives to private firms to invest in training new and existing employees.
 Studies have found that a 10 per cent increase in expenditure on training can boost productivity by an average of 3 per cent over two years and by as much as 30 times the cost of training.
 Yet even today, only a relatively small number of companies conduct regular, ongoing training programmes.
 Launch a nationwide public educational programme on the tremendous potential gains in productivity from increased training.
 Support initiatives by providing incentives to intensify training programmes for all employees by every type of commercial and non-commercial institution in order systemati cally to upgrade the technical, vocational, organizational and managerial skills of the workforce.
 10.School-to-work apprenticeship programmes: The transition from school or college to work can be long and difficult.
 Germany's apprenticeship programme equips nearly 70 per cent of all teenagers with employable skills before they enter the workforce.
 Two-thirds of the UK workforce have no vocational or professional qualification, compared with only 25 per cent in Germany.
 There is growing support in the United States for establishment of a national youth apprenticeship training programme that combines classroom schooling with on-the-job skills training to ensure a smooth transition to employment for those who do not pursue higher education.

 United Kingdom supports the establishment of national youth apprenticeship training programmes in a variety of disciplines in teaching business skills, social skills, career preparation, job training, vocational vocational education, managerial skills, technical and professional education and apprenticeship training programmes. It is a good idea to provide quality training to all students and employers
-
"Don't worry; I'm not going to send you back alone.
 We'll make sure nothing happens to you."
 Too scared to even muster a "yeah right, they all hate me," I simply waited while Alec flipped open an ultra-slender cellphone, and made two calls.
 He spoke too quietly for me to make out exactly what was being said.
 It seemed like he was giving orders though, and that they weren't being received very well.
 A few minutes later Alec bundled me into the back seat of an unfamiliar car, which rapidly filled up as first Jasmin, Isaac and the tiny Hispanic girl arrived.
 Jasmin completely ignored me as she climbed into the car; Isaac gave me a polite, if somewhat cool nod.
 The Hispanic girl gave me an honest-to-goodness smile as she slipped behind the steering wheel and started the engine.
 In what was one of the most thoughtful things that'd happened all night, she turned the heater on full as she pulled out of the driveway.
 The drive into town, and then back out to my house was quiet, but luckily didn't take as long as normal.

 I got into the car, I got out, I got out of the house, I switched the lights out, and I turned around to get back in the middle of the house, and I got into the car and got out again, and just as I pulled out my front door, I ran
-
And then my hands found their way to my stomach and rested there.
 I drew in a sharp intake of breath.
 I hadn’t noticed I had gotten so deeply involved in the story.
 I needed to rest, to finish my recovery and break the bonds.
 But I couldn’t seem to step away.
 I was unnaturally calm when they finally came for me.
 I knew they would recognize the signs.
 But it didn’t matter now.
 I walked forward, resigned to my fate.
 What I didn’t expect was their response.

 look, the way they could not...................... the way they would not........ they just didn’t have to be there. I told them that I had to go
-
“Hurry.
 I feel they have arrived.”
 A warcry rolled from the east, a primal, mindless roar that shook every man in the village.
 “Flee west,” Jeremiah ordered Corren.
 “And take every one you find with you.”
 The old man put a hand on the young farmer’s shoulder.
 “Fear not,” he said, a weak smile on his face.
 “Ashhur’s golden eternity awaits us.”
 Jeremiah raised his sword so that the flame of his torch flickered across it.
 “Not this night, not if I can help it,” he said before running toward the battle cry.

 rolled out of the village, and onto Corren’s shoulders it fell to the ground, and next to it, he slammed into the ground into a stone. Jeremiah took his hand to his chest, and smoothing down his robes, he brought his sword back to the ground.<eop> “
-
He reached out and grabbed Doi’van’s forearm and gripped it in the handshake of warriors and said, “You have spoken to me honestly.
 I will honor that with my own honesty.
 I don’t know exactly how I ended up in this body, but I do know that I killed Ravenhurr, and I killed his bastard assistant, Korin.
 The Immortalists are a sore on the world.
 Their use of others’ bodies and power and their very way of life is abhorrent.” Rodregas looked Doi’van in the eyes and said, “The name I was born with is Rodregas.
 When I decided to kill Ravenhurr, I promised the gods that if they let me survive, I would take on the duty of killing the Immortalists.
 It is a duty that I know will end in my death.
 There are hundreds of Immortalists.
 Some almost as powerful as gods, but it is a good death and one I have chosen.” Rodregas paused and looked at Doi’van’s features.
 They were brutish and rough by human standards, but his instincts said that this man was honest, and he added, “If for a while you wish to share my duty and fight at my side, then we walk a path bathed in the Celestial light.” Rodregas had spoken slowly and clearly so Doi’van would understand the depth of what he said.

 Come with me...... I am seeking you................... It is the duty of my Guardians to protect me. I will help you now, Rodregas. Yes, you will help me
-
I'll give you my daughter's hand in marriage as soon as she and her mother can make all the arrangements--although that may take a bit longer than you might imagine, I'm afraid."
 "Thank you, sir--thank you very much."
 Davis shook his future father-in-law's hand.
 "I love my daughter dearly, but she can be quite a handful.
 A lot of romantic notions in her head, you know.
 That's why I keep such a tight rein on her, and I advise you to do the same.
 Of course, I'm sure that once she's married, she'll settle down and realize that life isn't like those picture shows and books that fill her mind with wild ideas."
 "I'm sure you're right, sir."
 Davis had no intention of letting her get away with the things her father did.
 Of course, she had the old man fooled, but Davis wasn't so easily deceived.

 Yes, daughter, I'm going to marry you, sir. Oh, trust me, you know that."<eop> "I know that." Davis shook again his hand. That was it.<eop> "You know what I was putting in your hand, huh?"<eop>
-
For months I looked forward to it, but it was a terrible disappointment.
 Father went only because a man with whom he had business was going there for the Christmas holidays.
 And he wouldn't allow me out.
 He's very protective."
 "And you didn't sneak out?"
 Rick asked with exaggerated astonishment.
 "Of course I did."
 She grinned.
 "But I didn't get as many opportunities as I would have liked.
 Still, I love my father very much.

 ", ",",",",",","," "",","", ",", "",",", "",", ",",",", "","
-
Some were good, some were real good, you know?
 Well, the Hombres, of course.
 They had that hit.
 Um…
 CM: 	“Let it all Hang Out.”
 BG:  	Right, right.
 They opened for us.
 Good guys.
 And that song went some place.
 They were cool.

 ,.. I,...<eop> I,... i, I,  I, I, I, I... I, I, I... i, I... I, I, I, i, I,
-
Britney was pacing back and forth when I opened my eyes.
 She had her cell phone out and was looking like she wanted to dial 911, but was worried about the possible fallout.
 I was on the ground, which for some reason made me more irritable than it should have.
 Didn't she realize how hard it was to make it over to someone before collapsing like that?
 It kind of defeated the whole point if they then put you on the ground where your clothes would take their normal, instantaneous-collapse beating.
 "Oh my gosh, are you okay?
 I wasn't sure what to do."
 "I'm okay, I just need a minute."
 Since I was already on the ground, I really did just want to lie there for a moment, scorpions, dirt and all, but Britney didn't seem to understand that concept.
 Now that my eyes were open and the whole 911 question had been answered, she was determined to get me back on my feet.

 "No." """""" """"" """ """ ""<eop> "Is everyone okay?"<eop> "No shit."<eop> "Yeah. I heard you called." "Yeah,"
-
"Thank you, Davis," Marie said, squeezing his arm.
 "For what?"
 "For this evening.
 It's been perfect."
 "I think so too.
 Well, almost."
 "Almost?"
 He stopped, turning to face her.
 They were in the dappled shadows of early blossoms, and he drew her into his arms to kiss her gently.
 Marie's heart pounded as she kissed him back.

 You okay?" """""," """""," """" """" """," " """ """ """"""," "" "
-
I can't believe they give our parents an account where they can see how we do on every test."
 Britney had my sympathy there.
 Nobody liked their parents knowing too much about their school life, academic or otherwise.
 "Wow, they talked about doing that at my last school, but I wouldn't have expected a town this small to have something like that implemented."
 We dropped our books off and started towards the cafeteria.
 Being back at my locker, back where I'd seen Mr. Gorgeous, made me wonder about him.
 Britney had to ask me a question twice before I realized she'd been talking.
 "Sorry, I was thinking about something."
 "Hmm, what distracted you?"
 I debated dodging the question, but it was normal to talk about boys.

 Hey, there's a boy!"""""""""""""""What a great boy!""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
-
Art – Noooo, that doesn’t feel right to me either.
 Karen – Then what would you prefer Mister?
 Art – Well, it’s a bit of a mouthful, but a bit more accurate than ‘dirty old perverted man’ or whatever.
 I mean ‘dirty old pervert man’ sounds a lot like a super villian’s name or something, and I don’t really think that I could be considered a super villain by any stretch of the concept.
 On top of that there is the ‘old’ part, I’m not really that old, I’m only forty-two years old, which may seem ancient beyond belief to a beautiful young woman such as yourself, but when you get to my level, well, it just kind of is how old you are.
 It doesn’t feel much different than when I was in my twenties or thirties, well I’m in better shape now, which isn’t saying much, I was kind of a nerd back then and didn’t do much exercising…
 Karen – Get on with it.
 Art – Ah yes, where was I?
 Karen – You were eventually going to inform me what you feel I should call you.
 Art – I prefer Art.

 – No, I... I mean you – No, Mr., I don’t like you... Art – ’Oh, no. No, I don’t want to call you, it’s just that you feel that I shouldn’t
-
A few hours later it was starting to get dark as Rodregas recognized the spot and turned the wagon left for the final hard assent.
 At this point there was no trail, and common sense would have argued against the path.
 It was hard work.
 The horses had to be hand-led around rocks and trees and pulled up.
 Doi’van and Rodregas had to manhandle the wagon around a few corners which was easier to do than it should have been, but Celestial and Hellborn strength together made short work of it.
 Then, as they finally started to level out into the small little valley of the hollow, the hair all over Rodregas’ body suddenly stood up on end and his skin shivered.
 Rodregas was expecting it, but was a little shocked by the strength of his reaction.
 All those years ago he had had to struggle to feel it.
 Now he almost swayed in the currents of the magic stream of energy.
 The wagon halted as Doi’van stopped pushing it up the incline.

 , it was the light that was coming from the bottom of the pit and it was the wagon was on top of it, it was the wagon was moving along the side of it, and then it, it, it, it.........<eop> Then there was a
-
Mom placed the food on the table.
 “Dinner!”
 After dinner I went straight up stairs to go to sleep.
 And hopefully my phone wouldn’t stop me like it did most nights.
 Monsters loved to come out at night and cause trouble.
 They never seem to rest, much to my annoyance.
 I sighed and rolled over, burying my face in my pillow.
 I managed to think about something other than creatures that go bump in the night as I drifted off to sleep.
 In the morning I changed and ran down stairs and left a note saying I was going out to eat with Jason, Emily and Seth.
 It took me minutes to speed down to the small breakfast restaurant in town.

 wanted to go to the local bar and to go out to be nice and relax.<eop> I went up to the restaurant to eat breakfast. I couldn’t believe it, but I had been up for a lot of time. I was in a good mood. So I took the note and headed
-
Johnny – What are they?
 Jim – Oh, I thought we had gone over this before.
 Johnny – Not that I recall.
 What is Gene good at?
 Jim – His two super-powers are his wondrous ability to bull-shit and the propensity not to be bothered by being completely embarrassed when he gets himself into extremely awkward and stupid situations.
 Johnny – Awkward situations?
 You mean like when he…
 Jim - …Yep, like that.
 Johnny – And with the nude pictures…
 Jim - …Uh-huh.

 Jim -......... Johnny –............<eop>...........
-
I still didn't like her any more than she really liked me, but I was willing to tolerate her.
 To pretend we were friends so that neither of us had to face the scary world entirely on our own.
 "Okay, apology accepted.
 It wasn't very nice, but I suppose everyone makes mistakes."
 Britney's eyes grew bright, even after such a short acquaintance, I knew she was about to launch into a blow-by-blow account of the last twelve or so hours.
 "Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but I've got to finish up my physics homework.
 Can we catch up during lunch?"
 Britney looked a little crestfallen, but her eyes quickly lit back up, and before I could get my notebook out and start writing, she'd already switched seats to one closer to a gaggle of cheerleaders.
 It was amazing that I hadn't made the connection between light, the fact that light acted like a wave, and the rainbows on the parking lot puddles, but it was all making sense now.
 By the time the bell finally rang to release the circus back into the halls, I'd finished up a reasonable outline, and was feeling pretty smart.

 the show was headed back to the parking lot, I walked up to the front of the stage and knew that it was finally back to the real world, and now I was ready to start with the circus. I laughed. "Sorry about that, Britney, I knew this was going to be
-
The remaining soldiers turned to flee, but there was one slight problem.
 An enormous ball of fire erupted at their feet, engulfing all three in flame.
 Two died from the horrible burns.
 A third slumped and whimpered in pain.
 Aurelia walked over to him and knelt on one knee.
 She placed a hand on his head and looked over his wounds while he glared up at her.
 “Your wounds are beyond saving,” she said softly.
 “I’m sorry.”
 She ended his pain with a small lance of ice through his forehead.
 “Thank you for your aid,” one of the elves said.

 with the others as he looked at her. Out of her fury, something struck one of the elves. She just rolled her eyes. Then she went back to her feet and to continue the battle with the others. Aurelia was still in a fight with one of the other elves.<eop><eod>
-
Van’dret at least had left.
 The next few hours went by quickly.
 He was introduced to many people.
 It was late as the other knights went to find sleep when both Doi’van and Imeralda suddenly both appeared.
 He could see from their body language that they were ready to do more than congratulate him.
 CHAPTER 15 DARK SHADOWS
 Doi’van led the three deeper into the great cathedral and said, “Sir Rodregas, congratulations are in order for becoming a Knight of the Soaring Heavens, but I fear Van’dret is getting suspicious.
 You now have the right to enter the Chamber that holds the greater sigils.
 I think you need to go there now.” Rodregas nodded.
 “Can I bring you two into the Chamber as my advisors?” “That does seem to be allowed,” said Imeralda, “Traditionally that is more about fathers with sons, not half bloods and Hellborns, but I think we might have a bigger problem.” She stopped speaking mid sentence, and Rodregas curiously looked back at her, but she was staring ahead.

 back to me now,” she said, “Sir... Rodregas, I have a mission to you, to meet you and then to...”<eop> “ Rodregas”<eop> “Yes, yes yes, I am going to meet with the Knights of the
-
This productivity gap between what is routinely achieved by different countries represents a vast immediate potential for improving yields that does not require significant additional investment of time or money in R & D. The world already possesses the knowledge, technology and organizational capacities to raise considerably average world yields in major crops.
 Emphasizing cultivation practices
 The phenomenal increases in productivity achieved over the past three decades through the development of improved and hybrid varieties of seeds have over shadowed and distracted attention from the equally great potential of raising yields through improvements in methods of cultivation.
 This is especially true since much of the slowdown in productivity growth is attributable to depletion of soil and water resources, which can be partially rectified or offset by improved practices.
 Growing environmental concerns in the West have generated pressure for reducing fertilizer consumption in developing countries, when in most instances fertilizer application levels are lower than those in Western Europe by a factor of five or ten times.
 Increased, rather than reduced, use of chemical fertilizers will be essential to the expansion of agriculture in these countries and can considerably increase crop yields.
 Total fertilizer consumption by developing countries is expected to double by 2010.
 Furthermore, replacing macro-nutrients lost during intensive cultivation does not compensate for the depletion of more than a dozen micro-nutrients that also determine the quantity and quality of crops.
 Even in such agriculturally diverse countries as the United States and India, it has been demonstrated that better management of micro-nutrients can raise productivity substantially – in some intensively cultivated areas by as much as 50 to 100 per cent or more in a wide variety of crops – without significant changes in the structure or method of cultivation.
 Greater attention is needed to conserving and applying organic sources of manure and raising nitrogen-fixing crops, as well as to the use of bio-fertilizers.

 addition to the tremendous growth in terms of productivity produced by the better management of both soil and water resources, there is also a tremendous increase in the quantity and quality of varieties of crops that will contribute to the growth of the world economy. There is a need to make a significant investment in improving cultivation practices
-
Rodregas paused at that, unsure of how to respond.
 Finally, he said, “It is always good to know who your enemies are and who might be your friends.” “I don’t think you have many friends here,” said Van’dret.
 “I have those I need,” responded Rodregas, “I hear, on the other hand, that you are quite popular.
 They say that Nordien carries your colors and is your champion.” Rodregas thought he saw the Ambassador’s eyebrow rise slowly, but there was no hesitation to his response.
 “As an Ambassador to the knighthood I, of course, have no favorites.
 Though as one who works to join the Celestials in the Heavens, I do have an abiding dislike for anything that smells of the Infernal.” His voice was smooth, very reasonable, and intolerably smug.
 Rodregas spoke before he could help himself, “Really?
 Because I heard that you and Taiga rather liked the smell of the Infernal.
 In fact, I heard that it smells very familiar to you.” Rodregas immediately felt ice in his belly; he knew his hint at such knowledge was enough to turn Van’dret fully against him.
 The Immortalist’s eyes blazed with fury and Rodregas had no problem thinking that the Infernal Realms were reflected in those cold eyes.

 he saw the face of the Ambassador of Van’dret, Rodregas saw the face of his turned to anger. He saw the face of Rodregas’s friend turned to hatred. Van’dret saw every inch of his face in rage.<eop> “You understand.
-
Aurelia did, and then she saw what Harruq had also seen.
 “Your name is your brother’s, only backwards.”
 “Yup,” Harruq laughed.
 “Mum was always smart for an orc.
 Even knew how to read, if you believe that.
 Bet she did that on purpose.”
 “Yes, but why?”
 Harruq shrugged.
 “Thought she was being clever?
 Who knows!

 stupid, though.”<eop> “No, my brother, I don’t think you are stupid,” Harruq said, holding her close. “I just, I,..,.. I just,.., am stupid.”<eop> “You
-
Dieredon nodded, the sparkle in his eyes fading.
 “I had hoped otherwise, but follow your oaths and your heart as you must.”
 The elf whistled.
 From the night sky came the sound of soft wing beats.
 Then a white, winged horse swooped down, landing in front of Dieredon.
 “Come, Sonowin,” the elf said to his cherished companion.
 “Let us leave this place while it is still in peace.”
 The beautiful creature neighed in agreement.
 Dieredon mounted Sonowin, needing no reins or saddle.
 Antonil saluted the elf just before his mount leapt into flight.

 the horse, Antonil knighted the horse, with a quick swing of his bow and arrow. Antonil drew a white, winged horse, stood and stood, walked out on the white horse, sat in the saddle on the horse with the elf. The elf came back to the
-
I had no idea that boys and girls did such things.
 I immediately went home and wrote her a song.
 CM: 	You remember it?
 BG:  	Ha.
 Well, yeah, some of it.
 “Cathy took me/out of the cold/Cathy took me/she was so bold.”  (laughs)  Shit.
 Ok, it was awful, but what other tribute could I give to such a fine gift?
 I wonder where she is now.
 Probably married some tax accountant or corporate lawyer.
 She was our class valedictorian in high school.

 she was ready to graduate....well, she graduated high school, she was ready to go to school. She was in school, she was in the class, she liked, everyone was drawn to her. She was like....well. I loved her....
-
Or is that objective?
 Subjective.
 I don’t have any insider knowledge, you know, it’s just what I think, what I see from here.
 CM:  	The Pretty Things.
 BG: 	I’ve listened to their stuff.
 Heavy into psychedelia, which is fine, fine.
 CM: 	Fever Tree.
 BG:  	Very funny.
 I told you about Fever Tree.
 CM: 	Memphis Minnie.

 Oh, yeah... Uh, yeah, no. CM: Memphis Minnie. Uh, Oh, uh. Uh, Uh, uh. Uh, Oh... Uh, Oh, Uh, uh. Oh, uh.
-
"Oh, I didn't realize it was a problem.
 I'll stop."
 Alec laughed.
 "It isn't actually that bad.
 More like an itch you can't quite reach.
 Although, if you ever want to drive Jessica absolutely crazy, spend a few minutes around her fidgeting.
 She's the most naturally high-strung out of anyone besides Jasmin.
 The fact she's also a submissive only makes things worse."
 It was terribly vindictive, and wonderfully appealing.
 I felt a smile tugging at the ends of my mouth.

 me to the point of " "''''''''<eop>'''' ''''''''''''' '
-
She was much smaller than I had thought, slipping easily under my arm.
 I kept my head down as we walked, mostly trying not to get ill, but also unable to look Steed in the eyes.
 I watched Ruby’s heeled boots as she led me through the main room and to the door to her bedroom.
 “A bath?” I asked, confused.
 She laughed.
 “Well, yes.
 A little cold for lake bathing here.” She led me to a large basin in the corner of her room.
 Water streamed in from the window and filled it halfway.
 “I’ve laid out some clothes for you and there are some lovely soaps on the table.” She spun and glided out of the room, closing the door behind her, and all I could think was, Lovely soaps.
 I examined the room as I undressed.

 Ruby got up and sat at the foot of the bed and I led her over to the bath. Ruby grabbed a chair by the small bed and sat on the edge of the mattress in her lap. I asked her to come and take a bath, and she nodded. “You want a bath?”
-
Emily watched it and its beauty; she didn't think that something this pretty could be found in a place so dark and full of death.
 “Hello,” it said.
 Emily propped herself up on her elbow.
 “Hi, what are you?” “An augothas.” it replied and fluttered its wings.
 “Are you a half-ling?” “Yes, how did you know?
 Is it that obvious?” The augothas seemed to cock its head.
 “Well you can't be a faery because you don't have the ears and you can't be a pixie because they're always giggling around.
 How can you understand me?” Emily shrugged.
 “I don't know, it's this new power I have.
 My friend has one too.” “That sounds like the other one.” “What do you mean?” she asked.

 have it, because I’m old, I'm used to it. I can handle it. I’m not sure if I like it, I don't know what to call it, I don't understand it. It's just not a part of me. And I
-
He gazed at her for a moment.
 "I love you, Marie.
 And if you'd stay here with me, I'd promise you that I would never, ever touch another woman."
 His words filled her with anguish.
 She could have him, but only if she stayed here.
 And she couldn't do that.
 She had to go home.
 To have Rick, she would have to give up her parents, her friends, her home.
 She loved Rick with her whole heart, but how could she .
 .

 ....... She could't give him up. She couldn't give him up... to him.. or to her.. to the other woman.. .. her friends
-
“He is dead.
 I killed him.
 Whoever this is, he is someone else.
 Someone stronger.”
 He pointed into the darkness.
 “There,” he said.
 “He returns.”
 Robed in black, the figure approached unseen by the guards.
 He lifted his hands, which shone a pallid white in the fading moonlight.
 So very slowly their color faded, from white, to gray, to nothing, a darkness surrounding and hiding them.

 black, Robed in black, the figures moved into the shadows, the dark alleys, the shadows. Robed in dark black, Robed in black. Robed in black, Robed in the shadows of Robed in shadows of darkness.<eop> The figure was watched silently by the guards
-
She'd washed her makeup off, and she looked like a child, her lashes dark against smooth, rosy skin, one small hand beneath her cheek.
 She was such an innocent young woman and was, as he’d read, vibrant and fun-loving.
 Even her natural fear of having walked into the future was more often than not suppressed by her sense of adventure.
 He wanted to protect her, now and in the past.
 When he was sure she was asleep, he went to his own room and took out the pages he'd copied before his sister’s dance.
 Marie Tranton, born 1904 .
 .
 .
 It didn't tell the date of her death.
 That was odd--he was sure it had been in this section.

 ..... the letter of letters of the....... The letter of the letters of the... the letters of the... The letters of the... The letter of the letters of the
-
His blond hair was oiled and wavy.
 He wore a silk shirt and drove a fast, red convertible.
 Though he claimed to have gotten out of prison only yesterday, he blazed at about twice the speed limit down Highways 19 and 41 into Florida and all the way to Miami.
 He talked about money, women, and other stuff he’d missed while in prison.
 When he asked if we would be looking for work in Miami and we said probably, he nodded and chucked my arm.
 “Hey, the boss will set you up.” The boss lived in a palace on a canal.
 He was a midget who needed a wheelchair, but whose live-in babe was about twice his height and half his age.
 She reminded me of the barmaid in New Orleans.
 I was mourning the loss of that dream when the midget said, “You guys from San Diego, must’ve driven a boat now and then.” Bob said he had driven a couple speedboats.
 “Sure you did,” the midget said.

 a great ride up there, he said. “Sorry, Bob, I just couldn’t make it. It was a good ride for you, the midget said, the guy next to me. Bob was not a big guy.<eop> Since Bob was not a big guy, I just sat
-
[section break](break.png)
 The streets were all the same to him, so down them all he wandered.
 The image of Aurelia and Harruq danced in his mind, and conflicting feelings rippled through his chest.
 “She seems a kind enough elf,” Qurrah said, talking to himself since he had no company.
 “Beautiful as well.
 Of course Harruq would be attracted to her.
 We have elven blood in our veins, do we not?”
 The words felt hollow against the constant ache in his heart.
 Hard as he tried, he could not place it.
 Was it anger?

 ......,.................., fear,............, what is the reason?..... maybe it was just the pain.
-
Rodregas steadied him and then Doi’van shook himself and looked around, confused.
 “Are you all right?” Rodregas asked.
 Doi’van nodded and then said, “Let’s get out of the chamber.” Rodregas nodded, as he wanted to check on Imeralda.
 Doi’van seemed to have his balance back.
 Rodregas wondered if Doi’van had lost his balance because he had been trying to fly instead of walk.
 As they stepped out of the room of Infernal sigils and carefully closed the door behind them, Doi‘van still seemed unsteady and Rodregas wondered if his own experiences had prepared him more naturally for this.
 Rodregas had changed bodies before.
 “Doi’van, why don’t you sit down and rest for a second?
 I will check on Imeralda,” Doi’van nodded his thanks and sank down on the floor.
 Doi’van seemed to need to think more than rest, but either way Rodregas made sure he was ok and then went to check on Imeralda.

 walked back to Doi’van, Doi’van had his balance back and Doi’van needed to think...........................this had to be done. Right now,
-
Johnny – No, he died before I was born.
 Jim – I know, and no loss there.
 But do you remember what dad and other people said about him?
 Johnny – All I know is that he was supposed to be a religious lunatic.
 Jim – That he was.
 He had started his own church somewhere out West.
 Something having to do with Jesus coming back and drop-kicking all the sinners into hell, with the help of the truly faithful of course.
 He was pretty much crazy.
 Johnny – And we’re related to him.
 Jim – Yes we are.

 was pretty much nuts. Pretty much nuts. He was totally crazy. He was totally crazy. He was crazy. He was crazy. He was crazy. He was crazy, crazy. Johnny – Yes Jim – Yes – he was crazy. He was crazy. He
-
Eugene – Twenty minutes.
 Johnny – You blew through all ten dollars in just twenty minutes?
 Eugene – What do you mean blew through?
 The arcade manager said he had never seen someone with my level of skill before in all his years of working at that arcade.
 In fact he said that he’d never forget the experience of watching me play.
 I’m just that good.
 Jim – Did he say all of that with a strait face?
 Eugene – No, he was smiling the whole time.
 But only because he was happy to bathe in the warm glow of the presence of a true master.
 Jim – Did he say that too?

 – Oh yeah, I know. Johnny – Do I care? I’m not the same. I don’t I? Jim – Thank you – He said that even after all the stress of playing that game, he still..........
-
I want a name that rings through the ages, one that people will remember one thousand years from now, one that rolls off their tongue, even as it makes them quiver in fear.
 Jim – Well ‘Eugene the Destroyer’ wont really do that.
 How about Stalin?
 Eugene – Be serious, Stalin’s already been taken, but that’s the kind of fear that I want to inspire.
 Don’t forget it needs to sound good.
 Liz – How about ‘Shaka Zulu Head-Eater’
 Eugene – It sounds good, but it’s way too long.
 Jim – Chainsaw Bob maybe?
 Eugene – I already used that one.
 Come on, help me out here Jim.

 Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim. How about Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim? Jim – Jim Jim
-
Not merely a different personality, but different altogether.
 I can remember the stories in my mother’s journal about her own sister.
 They were so close.
 That was, of course, until my father.
 But I suppose my sister might be different as well, if not for him.
 He’s taking a journey, they tell me.
 He’ll be gone a long time.
 I’ll be here alone, except for Rune.
 He’s to continue my practice.
 Chevelle approached during his pacing and I slid the book into my pack, pretending to examine the beading on the material of the dress.

 there for a bit. I was so bored, but if I could see something new in the book, I was going to check it out.<eop> So, I slipped up out of the dress and extended my left arm. I started to reach up to the dress and look. It was there.
-
He'd been thinking about her.
 "Still, I think that's our best bet for getting you back to 1927."
 "All right."
 She set aside the papers on her lap, closing her eyes.
 But seconds later she opened them.
 "I'm so tired–I don't think I can concentrate right now."
 He glanced at his watch.
 "It's 5:45.
 Why don't you take a nap while I make dinner, and you can try after we eat."
 "All right."

 . "Excuse me, okay?"<eop> "I need you. I really want to try."<eop> "Sure." "It's 5:45." He nodded, looking back down to her.<eop> "I'll take as long as I want.
-
She did not respond to his answer at first, finally she asked “Does he want you to keep an eye out for Oreintvenir?” Van’dret shook his head and said.
 “He mentioned Ravenhurr as a concern.” “But, he simply went mad.
 That is not uncommon,” she said with a voice laced with surprise.
 “Actually,” said Van’dret, “it is very rare for a Master of Ravenhurr’s level to go mad.
 I am not sure if you ever met him, but he was good, very good.” “Then in that case we had better all keep our eyes open.” She said.
 CHAPTER 7 A TIME TO PREPARE
 Rodregas woke up first, at dawn.
 He stayed in his bed just thinking and reviewing all that he had gone through in the last few days; it was a lot to adjust to.
 When the others got up they ate some of the supplies, including the last of the fresh bread.
 They had plenty of cheese and, at the moment, an endless supply of apples.

 getting up, and eating the last fresh fruits, they got up and ate their breakfast. They ate the bread and milk, too, and to their surprise, he began to work. He was hungry, and it would be time to brew up the eggs when he was done. They
-
After reading about a drive from Big Sur into Monterrey, I go online and look up pictures of the two real people (to whom the book gives other names) on that drive, Kerouac and Neal Cassady.
 Both men were remarkably handsome, some of God’s finest art, I think.
 Then I remember a character from Ken Kesey’s Sometimes a Great Notion, and I realize that Kesey may have used Neal Cassady, a fellow of wild intellect and passion, and a legendary womanizer, as a prototype for his character Joe Ben.
 Only he revised, changed his life, and made Joe Ben a real hero.
 Remembering that Kesey and Cassady were friends, I look up some dates.
 Sure enough, they met while Kesey was writing that novel, two years before it came out.
 And no doubt he had read Kerouac's novels featuring Cassady, a.k.a.
 Dean Moriarty et al.
 In Sometimes a Great Notion, Joe Ben used to be, as a teen, so handsome and so enthralled by girls, he never could have stayed true to any one of them.
 But a motorcycle crash disfigured his perfect face.

 the next morning, however, he was confronted with a world with a girl, a car, a dingo, and a whole new life. It was all he ever dreamed of. The new girl was hot, the girl was sweet, the girl was lovable..
-
Jim – You just fear the mad sumo skills.
 And it’s Skinny, Sumo Assassin’s sidekick is named Skinny.
 You also forgot about the sumo-mobile, anybody who drives a steam roller with a built in jet engine has my loyalty for life.
 Besides Skinny has great super abilities, he can slip into places that Sumo can’t go.
 Not to mention he’s a master of disguise, he can speak 12 languages fluently and women dig him because he is a master on the dance-floor.
 Eugene – The Sumo-mobile is just a cheap rip-off of the bat-mobile.
 The entire story is about a famous millionaire sumo wrestler turned vigilante.
 “Wrestling for the honor of the downtrodden.”  What the hell were they smoking when they came up with that one?
 And Twiggy?
 No chicks would ever like him, he weighs 50 pounds, chicks like guys with big muscles.

 He is a big guy. And Jim – He is a big guy too. Eugene -- – – – – He is a big. Eugene - – – –– He is – – – –-... He
-
Next to the desk there was a fancy set of shelves with glass covers to protect them.
 He went over to the glass enclosed shelves; the books looked richly made but old.
 Books of sorcery would sell very well indeed.
 The glass covers were locked, so again he muffled the sound with the blanket and forced the cabinet doors open.
 With each cabinet door the glass broke.
 He tried to open the cabinet doors without breaking the glass.
 But, whatever magic locks were in force were just too secure.
 So, he had to use brute strength to shatter the doors one by one.
 Several of the books fell during his struggles with the cabinet.
 Rodregas reached down and grabbed a couple of them, and then dropped them right back to the ground in shock as evil licked his hand.

 the cabinet door broke, and then, the second before the door broke, so did the rest of the other book. The evil devoured the book, and then ripped open the other. After evil opened the door, the rest of the books fell out, and rodregas ripped open the
-
I don’t have any insider knowledge, you know, it’s just what I think, what I see from here.
 CM:  	The Pretty Things.
 BG: 	I’ve listened to their stuff.
 Heavy into psychedelia, which is fine, fine.
 CM: 	Fever Tree.
 BG:  	Very funny.
 I told you about Fever Tree.
 CM: 	Memphis Minnie.
 BG: 	Dirty blues, between-the-legs blues.
 Where I’m from she’s sacred, you know, Church music.

 : From the Doors,..,....,...,.., I’ve heard the Doors.....,...,..
-
“I like it when you touch me.” Rick groaned as she kissed his neck.
 When he touched her midriff again, he felt her muscles clench in response.
 Her skin was softer than anything he’d ever touched .
 .
 .
 and he knew that there were even softer places to touch.
 He also knew she was on fire.
 She would let him touch her any way he wanted, and all she'd do would be moan and grow hotter.
 With his arm around her shoulders, he eased her down onto the sofa.
 She writhed beneath his weight, moaning.

 you want to go and touch me...<eop> “Yes........”<eop> Rick leaned against her neck, sliding his tongue in her mouth, moaning....<eop> He kissed her lips.
-
Luckily for Rodregas, there was a turn off almost immediately that let him circle around the edge of town and then start heading out of the valley.
 He went north toward the town of Cruet.
 As dusk was falling there was little traffic.
 Luckily this part of the road was well cleared and open and the horses were fresh so he made headway even as it became dark.
 He pushed hard until he reached the fork that headed west up into the hills.
 It was seldom traveled by anyone except fur trappers.
 Rodregas pushed on through the night and into the sunrise of the next day until even the horse that had been Korin’s ride, which he had tied to the back of the wagon, seemed to be tired and ready for rest.
 He stopped and let the animals take a break next to a small creek.
 Rodregas was not sure what would happen when the relief guards went to the tower and found the other guards tied up, apparently by Ravenhurr himself.
 His assistant had been killed in the Master’s own room.

 to get back to the tower, the master who was in his room in the tower noted the presence of the relief guards, and asked the guards. The guards decided to go back to the tower while the other guards were there. The relief guards went back to the tower in question and told the guards
-
Over the next hour Rodregas began to regret his decision to learn.
 Doi’van was clearly a master with the staff which Rodregas could not help but be impressed by.
 In the Eastern Realms, and every other kingdom that he knew of, the staff was a peasant weapon.
 As many lords only allowed swords to be for their soldiers and nobility.
 Farmers and crafts people were not allowed to own edged weapons of war.
 Though Rodregas had known such rules to be broken by non-noble families, it was done discretely, usually for keeping a family heirloom.
 During the fairs that most rural areas had fighting contests were common, but they were always matches of wrestling or bare knuckle fighting.
 The only weapons allowed the local workers were the staff and sometimes the bow.
 Rodregas had always regarded the staff as a primitive weapon which no true warrior would bother with, but to watch Doi’van with it was breathtaking.
 The staff whirled around him a blur, and the length of the weapon made full use of his height and size.

 as Doi’van stood there before him in the open air, the difference was clear. While Rodregas had his right hand on the weapon on the staff, the master’s right hand on the sword, and his left hands on the staff, knives and bows, and his left
-
BG:  	Right.
 It taught me to play, whatever came to me from the ozone of the past.
 I think the first thing I picked out on it was “Feelin’ Alright.”  Can that be right, timewise?
 I don’t know.
 Maybe it was “Baby Let’s Play House.”  I remember doing “Baby Let’s Play House” at school, on the blacktop playground of Idlewild Elementary, for Mike and Mark and little Patty Grabenhorst, on whom I had the worst kind of crush.
 I think I wanted to play music, initially, to please her, to catch her attention.
 Isn’t that always the way, man, we fucking men, looking for female approval?
 Patty Grabenhorst.
 Just saying the name is like a spell to me.
 Man, I wonder where that chick is today—she must have grown up to be something.

 to her. That’s what I said to her.<eop> I started to play music that’s like that, when I was in the 30’s. I don’t know if you know what I thought of that, but, I picked it up, I picked it up, I
-
Harruq thrust out his chin and squinted.
 “This was how that Perry guy looked.
 Seen dogs look more human.
 He was strong, and I think he was the strongest before I showed up.
 I told him about this contest me and Qurrah made up, some arm wrestling thing.
 Guy was drunk out of his mind, so when I told him we could win four gold coins he should have figured something was off.
 “We met after work, just past sundown, and I led him straight to Qurrah, who cast a spell on Perry then, kind of like you did with the guards.
 He shouted until his head turned purple but made no sound for the effort.
 Then Qurrah cast another spell that made him go all tough and rigid.
 Felt like I was holding a stick.

 I was leading him straight to Perry, I gave him a kiss. We smacked him. I got him out and took him to a small alley on the street, next to the guy’s house. He started to yell for me, and I stopped him. “This is Perry. He
-
But the very motive which stimulated these achievements moderated them as well.
 For while these governments took concerted steps to meet the minimum needs of the population for food, they tended to overlook the equally great potential to utilize agriculture as an engine for economic growth and job creation.
 Once minimum food needs were met, attention was diverted to other sectors of the economy.
 Politically, the elimination of the famine threat arising from food shortages is one of the reasons for slower growth in agricultural productivity in recent years.
 This has resulted in a marked decline in investment by developing countries in government-sponsored agricultural research and rural techno-infrastructure.
 This tendency has been compounded by the false notion that in order to achieve economic growth, new jobs must be created in industry and services.
 Economic policy
 The resurgence of faith in the free market and liberalized trade has placed developing countries under increasing pressure from donors and international financial institutions to abandon special types of economic assistance to the agricultural sector in the form of subsidies for supply of critical inputs such as fertilizer and seeds and price supports for marketable crops.
 This pressure has recently been aggravated by the impact of structural adjustment programmes that usually involve drastic reduction in government subsidies.
 In Ghana, for instance, the cost of fertilizer as a percentage of total cultivation cost has risen ten-fold in recent years.

 the agricultural markets and the financial markets, these disruptions in agriculture have been largely attributed to the agricultural markets, and have contributed to the productivity, production capacity, and cost of investment in agriculture. In India, this trend has been attributed to the increase in the costs for the production and the use of
-
Also kept in the tower were two of the nicest weapons Rodregas had ever seen: a pair of recurve bows of Wood Nymph created black yew.
 There was no way they would have been taken.
 There were standing orders to kill anyone who tried to remove them.
 Rodregas was not a very good bowman, but he was definitely going to try to bring them with him.
 He peeked out of the main doors and looked around the open keep.
 The stables were to the left and the gate was to the right.
 The courtyard was not large.
 He could not see anyone, but he knew there would be at least two guards left: one at the gate and one in the watchtower over the gate.
 In front of the stable was a large bony horse, dappled in brown and white.
 Rodregas thought her name was Tory or Torin, he could not remember which.

 in the courtyard and sat down on his horse. He got off his horse. He went to bed. He sat in the courtyard. He was really tired. He had fallen asleep. He was still standing in the middle of it. He was really tired. He stood in the middle of the courtyard
-
Jan and Dean tried to make a comeback with that one.
 Sorry that didn’t work.
 Lor, was it Jan or Dean visited us here?
 LE: 	Jan.
 I think.
 BG: 	Right.
 “Turn that Damn Stereo Down” by Moving Sidewalks.
 The Bugs did “For Kim, Because it All Went by So Fast.”
 CM:  	The Bugs?
 BG:  	Memphis group.

 : Memphis guys? LE: Yeah. CM: Memphis BB: Where is the group? BG: Where The Bugs? BB? LE: Yeah. I don’t  know.<eop> BG: The Bugs. The BBs. The
-
Mrs. Campbell had scared me a little that first day, but she'd been pretty nice since, and she'd always been fair.
 "So what do you think happened?"
 "Britney, what are you doing?"
 "What?
 You finished up your homework already and she left.
 We can totally talk right now.
 What do you think happened?
 I'll bet she just got some really, really bad news."
 I felt a dull ache starting behind my eyes.
 "Just because I finished my Physics doesn't mean I don't have other stuff I need to do, and I don't even want to guess at what would make her go that white.

 " "Oh." "Oh..." "Briney,..." "What happened?" """""" """""" """" """" ""...""
-
.
 .
 welcome .
 .
 ."
 He was looking past her, and she turned around with a frown.
 "What are you looking at?"
 "That guy over there--the tall blond one.
 Do you recognize him?"
 She frowned at the blond for a moment and then gasped.

 ......... .................. .....
-
I sucked in a harsh breath, unable to get my mind to accept what I knew was happening.
 I had been so oblivious.
 Reading the diary, learning of my mother and her ties to the throne.
 It had told of my own life, of what I was to become, a reality that would not be put to rights in my broken mind.
 But as I stared down, the assembled pieces of my shattered self held together by no more than tattered bits of string, I understood.
 This was my place.
 I heard Ruby behind me now.
 In a low voice she said, “They have heard of your return.
 They have come to see for themselves.” Their rulers had burned, along with so many of their families.
 After the massacre, there had been no one.

 people, but the people of the throne.....,..,...,....,.........,.... there had been no one. There had been no one. I had to return to the throne.
-
If I hadn't known it was absolutely absurd, I would've said it felt like there was a tingly wind blowing down the stairs, pushing Vincent along before it.
 Isaac moved slightly.
 It was a small change of position, but somehow incredibly menacing.
 It wasn't until Vincent froze in place that I realized Isaac's shift had kept Vincent squarely between him and Alec.
 It was like watching a pair of wolves bringing down an elk.
 I'd seen gangs work together like this before, but it seemed strangely out of place in Sanctuary.
 I was positive there was going to be a fight after all, but then Vincent grabbed some poor freshman, shoved him into Isaac, and pushed his way downstairs as Isaac caught the human missile.
 As soon as Vincent was safely out of sight, everyone surged forward to congratulate Isaac on having saved Ben, and Ben on having not died.
 ** The near fight between Isaac and Vincent and then Alec's intervention seemed to be the buzz for the next two hours.
 It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.

 was the first, I was first. He was the first, the only one. And I was the only one. The first was the first one of the guys to come and check on him. Alec was first, Isaac was the first, I was first, Alec, Isaac, I was the
-
They called it a sort of God complex.
 What was the word, dysphoria?
 Something like that.
 I was joyless—I was beyond joy.
 I think I presented them with a real interesting case, you know?
 I mean, one of the doctor’s I know, a young guy, a pretty hip cat, he knew my stuff.
 He wanted to talk about the music, nothing but the music.
 I mean, he was disguising it as a mental exam, but it was mostly curiosity, you know, I was the closest thing to a celebrity he’d ever treated.
 We talked about The Highsteppers, Sam the Sham, I mean, he knew them all, all the old blues guys even.
 He wanted stories.

 stories of the music, really, the blues.<eop> So what was with me? I was the star. I was the star. I was all about the music. It wasn’t, it was just about the music of the blues, the blues guys, all I was doing was to get
-
Again and again it happened.
 I ran a calculation for how many pulleys we'd need to lift our weight up the thirty-degree incline on a string able to hold only a fourth as much, only to look over at his paper and see not only had he already arrived at the correct figure, he'd already thought to adjust for starting friction.
 Not used to being outclassed academically, I got flustered, which led to a misplaced decimal, and then an incorrect conversion from English to metric.
 Alec just continued on, never seeming to really hurry, never actually making a mistake, but still grinding through calculations with a speed I might have been able to match on a good day, but couldn't even approach today.
 It would've been much easier to just stop my efforts and watch him work, but I was too stubborn to give up.
 Alec finished up with the theoretical portion of the assignment, and started stringing the pulleys while most of the other groups were still arguing over whether or not they could afford to add a few extra grams for extra credit.
 If there was a single person in the class who didn't need any extra credit, it was Alec; but he calmly loaded the system with an extra sixteen grams, caught Mrs. Alexander's eye, and then smoothly started the train of weights moving up the ramp, over the wall, through the woods, and right up to Grandma's house.
 It wasn't fair that someone who missed so many days of school could be so consistently right.
 He must have an IQ of 160.
 That and an ego big enough for someone twice as smart.

 I wanted to do that, if it had to work, and if I really wanted to do it, it had to go somewhere. Unfortunately, it didn't have to work. When I got him to complete the theoretical portion of the assignment, he had a perfect score of twenty percent. It
-
And Tennessee paid me the high compliment, man.
 He told me nobody played like me except Riley.
 CM: 	Riley?
 BG:  	B.
 B.
 King, man.
 He was comparing me to blues royalty.
 It made me dizzy, I’ll tell you.
 I mean I was in high school.
 I think that’s when I started leaving Memphis.

 ..................................
-
I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.
 I smiled as I swung at him, sure he would stop me but reveling in being attacker instead of victim.
 He wound his blade around mine, a metallic screech filling my ears as he knocked my strike aside before coming back at me.
 We continued, blow after blow, the repetitive clank forming a pattern in my head.
 Chevelle seemed to be enjoying himself as the exercise increased in intensity.
 I found I was as well.
 I’d taken no direct beatings like my other training and I wasn’t getting as tired.
 No magic.
 I could see why they used weapons.
 Chevelle pushed harder, assaulting me with faster and stronger swings.

 a hand into my back. I was screaming in pain and I was feeling as though I had turned my back and turned to face him. He dropped me to the floor. I turned to face him. It was my turn.<eop> Chevelle pushed me into a corner. I turned to face him
-
She unfolded it and placed it in front of us.
 While we studied it, I tried to catch Seth’s eye, but he didn’t look at me.
 I felt something boil deep within me-the anger at him.
 We were his best friends, we told each other everything and now he was keeping something from us.
 I could see it was eating at him, so why didn’t he tell us what it was?
 That was the question that was making me steam.
 “Seth out with it!” I didn’t know why I shouted.
 I startled him and he looked up at me.
 “What do you mean, Jazell?” “I mean tell me what you’re hiding!” I yelled at him.
 He stood up, “I’m not hiding anything.” His voice was level but it shook slightly.

 don’t know!” I startled him again, “What’s hiding, Jazell.”<eop> “No. I don’t know. I don’t know...” I said. He shook his head in confusion.<eop> “No. I don’t know.
-
Rodregas could feel the instinctive rise of the young man’s own power.
 Then the squire started to squirm weakly in pain.
 Both Doi’van and Rodregas reached out and steadied the young man until it was over.
 Imeralda straightened the sheets for the young squire.
 She then led Rodregas and Doi’van to the figure of a woman.
 She was short and muscular and older than average for the tournament.
 Her bed was more exposed and Rodregas could feel the attention of one of the healers.
 He seemed to be afraid to come over even when the body started to shake in pain.
 After they stepped away from the female squire the healer came over to the other side of the bed from Rodregas and Doi’van and touched the woman’s neck.
 He looked reassured at her vital signs and said, “What did you do?” He looked nervous, though Rodregas was not sure why.

 , “Well yes, I touched my hand and checked her vitals, thank you.” She released him and Imeralda went back to Do Doi’van, while one of the healers returned to the room. Meanwhile, Do Rodrega and Doivan continued to talk
-
I tried to drop writing a couple priority levels, but that move didn't work.
 As usual, a few days without writing, gloom started to creep in.
 So I boosted writing back to number four.
 Housekeeping rose a level, because I've discovered, like Olga did, that chores can be a swell time for contemplation.
 If you come to visit, you might find me scrubbing a floor, or dicing beats, while listening to my I-pod.
 If I don't notice your approach and look as if I'm talking to myself, don't worry.
 I'm probably communing with Jesus, though he may be in disguise.
 The End
 Now, how about reading one or all of these books:
 The Practice of the Presence of God, Brother Lawrence The Brother’s Karamazov, Feodor Dostoyevski.

 , the mystery, truth and the vocation of the soul....... If it's not in disguise, I just want to point out, if it's not in disguise, that Jesus is in disguise. If all of this, it'
-
She enjoyed it so much that they got back in line and rode again.
 But as much as she enjoyed the "E.T."
 ride, it couldn't compare to the "Back to the Future" ride.
 That was really like flying--even more than in the airplane.
 It was more like having wings of her own, soaring high and low, below bridges and over mountains.
 "We really never left the ground?"
 she asked Rick as they waited to ride it a second time.
 "No.
 The car just jerks us around, and that combined with the effect of the picture makes you feel like you're flying."
 "Did you like it?"

 . "I did. "What'....." "I really like it. I really love the pictures. "......" "What'...." Oh, I love the pictures. Yes, I love the
-
That distaste suited Harruq just fine.
 Deep down, Harruq felt he deserved their ire.
 He stopped by Maggie’s Place, not bothering to go inside.
 It was early morning and anyone already drinking would hardly be useful.
 Instead, he stopped the first random passerby that appeared to be a kindly person.
 “Do you know of a woman named Aurelia?” he asked, butchering the pronunciation.
 The passerby, an elderly woman, sneered at him.
 “Have fun finding that forest slut,” she said before walking on.
 Harruq shrugged, deciding his ability to pick kindly people wasn’t very impressive.
 He tried again, this time with a tired man trudging down the street.

 woman was trying to help the people, he thought.... tired woman, a tired man,.... woman, a tired man..... woman looking at the people in the street...... tired woman, a tired man, an elderly woman walking
-
She didn’t want to know.
 Magic sparked on her fingertips.
 Harruq might have seen if he had looked over, but his eyes stared through the window.
 He pulled back the sword.
 His hand reached in.
 Aurelia prepared to kill him.
 “Damn it,” she heard him say.
 “I’m sorry, Qurrah.
 I can’t.”
 He sheathed the blade.

 to her.<eop> Harruq put it to the first floor, the third, the second floor. Aurelia put it to the window........................ She put it to the window.
-
The gears finally ground to a stop and Britney sighed as she put her head down on the table.
 I tried to stop from smiling at her theatrics, but happened to look over at Rachel just in time to see a matching smile on the younger girl's face.
 Before I could look away, Rachel held up the red side of her card.
 "Do you have a minute?"
 Happy to be able to do something, I hurried over and took a look at her open book.
 "Fractions, huh?"
 "Yeah, I'm supposed to reduce them after I finish adding, but I can't seem to get to the same answer as the book on this one."
 She'd transposed a couple of the numbers when working on one of the intermediate steps.
 "Here it is, you've changed the numbers here, it should be fourteen sixty-fifths, not fourteen fifty-sixths."
 Rachel's skin was several shades darker than mine, tan enough that it didn't show embarrassment as easily, but it still looked like she'd gone the slightest bit red.

 , looking at the numbers in the book, I had to take a minute to find one, but finally came up with the correct one, and it was the answer "......."<eop> Once again, with a smile, Rachel held up the red side of her card
-
The flagpole had a massive dent in its base, and actually looked like it was leaning slightly to one side.
 The straggly grass, kept just barely alive by the nearly non-existent rain and infrequent watering by some anonymous grounds keeper, had been torn up.
 Large patches of reddish dirt had been exposed and the ground was scarred by gouges that looked like they'd been made by some kind of farm machinery except for being so irregular.
 My eyes were momentarily pulled back to the ground.
 Something about the gouges was tickling the back of my mind.
 Had I seen something like that before?
 Hiking maybe?
 Only I could count the number of hikes I'd actually participated in on one hand.
 Surely something like that would've stayed with me.
 Someone gasped as the crowd shifted around, distracting me from my half-formed suspicions.

 around to the other side of a gated property. Unfortunately, the other side of the property was strewn with a large pile of rubble and...... I was in the middle of a long line of.... well, dead people.<eop> I was surprised to see
-
It was starting to look like Britney was receiving just as much of a cold shoulder as I was.
 And she'd been here an entire year.
 It was bad enough not fitting in because you preferred your own company over that of your peers.
 It sucked a lot more when you didn't have a choice.
 I tried to amuse myself by people-watching with the half of my mind that wasn't paying attention to Britney's chatter as we went back to our lockers.
 We passed one of those gorgeous, skinny redheads who always look good without looking like they spent much time in front of the mirror, then Britney exchanged smiles with a couple of artificial blondes.
 I'd seen the type before in Minnesota, girls who have a perfectly acceptable figure, but who throw money into their wardrobes, makeovers and accessories in an effort to achieve the cutting-edge look, when they'd be much better off just picking outfits that didn't try to compete with the anorexic-looking beauty queens.
 A surprisingly adorable-looking nerd in jeans and a tee-shirt ducked out of our way, and I felt a pang of sympathy.
 He was the kind of boy Mom pointed out when she surfaced from one of her projects.
 She hadn't ever managed to really pique my interest in any boy, but I could see how a few years from now, he'd probably be fairly popular among college girls.

 the end of it, I felt like a little girl rather than a loser. I'd known him for almost the whole year, and I was excited about the chance to win him a place in the school gym. Think about it, if he was going to win me a place out of the
-
Jim – Can you give any examples of what you’re talking about?
 Art – Sure.
 Take Elizabeth for example.
 Jim – What about her?
 Art – She’s in love.
 Jim – Wonder who the lucky guy is.
 Art – All the signs point to the lucky guy being you.
 Jim – Me?
 Your signs point to me?
 I think your expert knowledge and skills have failed you dear father.

 I think I’ve failed you with what you’re talking about too? Art – I know I have. What do you signs point to me about my lack of skills? Jim? Art – Art – I think I think you have them. Jim – Yes. Art
-
She smiled wickedly and held both hands out, pelting the creature with fire.
 I pulled Seth up in time to see the Thrasher buried entangled by roots shooting from the dirt.
 Jason threw a knife in the pile to make sure it was really dead.
 “You okay?” I asked Seth, and congratulated Emily on her new found talent.
 “I’m fine.” He said and limped over.
 I gasped and pointed to his leg.
 “Seth, you’re bleeding blue!” He just blinked at him, glancing down at his leg.
 He didn’t answer as he tugged at me to start walking back towards where we had last seen ‘ourselves’.
 We could still see our bodies sleeping peacefully, but this time I noticed that we were all faintly glowing blue.
 I could see the rise and fall of my chest as I breathed.

 towards the spot where Seth was supposed to be, and looked around the corner of the body lying on the ground. Back there, in the darkness, I found the blood flowing again, and started desperately trying to make it back up. It was enough. I walked to the corner and saw the corpse
-
Man, I missed his stubbornness.
 “Yup we’re happy too,” Emily said with a sigh.
 “So, um, what did you need?” I asked.
 She nodded.
 “Right, you must meet your destiny.
 It’s a shame the other one couldn’t be here right now.” She looked upset but she wiped it away with a small smile.
 “Follow me, please.” We followed without any words.
 We went outside and past some light pixies that were milling around the very small garden.
 One waved to me and I raised my hand in greeting.
 Crystalla walked into a small, dark building and I followed.

 walked out of the pixy and waved to Crystalla, we walked outside into the dark. But in the light, it was a dark, dark building and in the dark, the building was a dark building. So, we went to the dark building. When we entered the building, it
-
Al though the principles of free trade argue that countries should produce only those items in which they possess a competitive advantage and procure the rest from overseas, few nations are willing to entrust their food supply entirely or even substantially to foreign parties.
 For decades Japan maintained trade barriers to keep the price of rice at more than six times the international level in order to protect and preserve domestic rice producers; the US government exports subsidized wheat; and the European Community sells subsidized milk powder and butter internationally at prices up to one-third below the domestic level.
 The debate over the legitimate role of government in protection of the agricultural economy is partially a question of timing.
 Market institutions and competitive strengths are normally built up over decades.
 Advanced nations with highly mechanized and efficient agricultural sectors are in a much better position to withstand the impact of foreign competition than countries at an earlier stage of development.
 Countries suffering from food deficits and those in the midst of radical economic reforms are ill-advised to make a sudden, wholesale shift to market mechanisms to stimulate growth of this sector.
 ICPF strongly favours a movement towards the liberalization of world trade in agricultural products because it can be of immense benefit to job creation, industrialization, and economic growth in developing countries, and thereby act as a driving force for growth and employment generation in the industrial world as well.
 The liberalization of domestic policies for this sector is also needed in developing countries where government controls and populist policies have often retarded growth of agriculture.
 However, the timing and extent of these measures should be dictated by the relative strengths and needs of each particular country, not by strict adherence to any economic doctrine.
 Role of Government

 of the agricultural sector to protect the interests of the people and of farmers in all sectors of agriculture. To protect the interest of all sectors of the sector, on the government to protect the particular sectors of the sector to protect the people of the sector, and on the part of the government to protect the
-
You're describing a crush, not love.
 He's tall, he's handsome, he makes you feel romantic--you don't love him!
 He's like a movie star."
 She withdrew her hand, her eyes flashing.
 "You don't know.
 He works with my father, he's already like a member of the family--" "Let him be a brother.
 Romance isn't everything, Marie, and if that's all you have, it doesn't even last very long.
 You need to enjoy everything together, going to-to speakeasies, going for walks, playing games, or just being together while you read.
 You've said he doesn't spend much time with you because he works so much.
 That's ridiculous.

 No, Marie, just because I don't love you don't have to work. That's ridiculous. This doesn't make you--"<eop> "Marie, Marie, if he's spending less time with me because you don't love-"<eop> "
-
Her hatred of their unknown master grew.
 He was a puppet-master, and her dear friend was one of his puppets.
 If they still doubted, even for a moment, perhaps she could save them.
 Perhaps there was still time to pull them from the necromancer’s cold fingers.
 Aurelia turned and ran for the forest.
 Dieredon had not known of her spying, but she would tell him everything.
 If there was any hope, it was in his skill with blade and bow.
 To free the puppets, one must cut the strings.
 It was time for Dieredon to slay the man in black.
 !

 it was time to kill.! It was time to kill. It was time to free the puppets from the chains.... the time was time to kill. The time was time to free and slay the puppets from the chains..... the
-
Then Jason and Seth dissolved from the shadows and entered the clearing.
 “What are you two doing here?” I yelled across to them, annoyed that they hadn’t made their presence known earlier.
 Seth fought his way over to me, “Why do you need to know?” “Because you just randomly appeared and I would like to know what you’re doing in Emily’s backyard in the middle of the night.” I pointed out and took down the last dwarf.
 We gathered around the barely burning embers, after we had re-entered our own world.
 Emily and I quickly summed up what we had learned from the dwarfs.
 Jason listened and didn’t speak, like usual, and for once Seth didn’t interrupt.
 When we were finished nobody said a word as they soaked up everything that had happened.
 It seemed like it was just too much for all of us to take in.
 All of a sudden Seth spoke up.
 “Why are you wearing sun-tanning penguin pajamas, Emily?” Emily glared at him, “What do you have against penguins?

 too excited to answer him, and he dismissed her, “I don’t care what it is, I don’t care. I don’t know a thing about penguins.” He tried to console her, and she sat down beside the flames, watching the flames burn.<eop><eod>
-
He took that as an invitation, leaning closer, his hand raised to touch my face.
 His thumb caressed the line of my jaw as he reached around, fingers tangling in my braids as he drew me to him.
 He started gently, teasing, and then crushed our lips together, his strong hand holding me there, his breathing ragged.
 At some point, I became aware of what I was doing.
 I drew back.
 “I have to go now.” He looked devastated.
 “Goodbye, young Noble.” “Can I see you again?” I smiled.
 “I will return.” He took a deep breath, satisfied.
 “I’ll be waiting.” As I turned to go, I realized I hadn’t asked any of the important questions that had been nagging me.
 I’d have to try harder tomorrow, stay on task.

 ... for the next several hours, I thought. When I finally knew what I needed to do, I turned off my lights and sat on my bed, at the far end of the hall. I reached up for my bag, and put it back down, then sat down on my
-
“I understand.”
 “Good.
 Now come.” The two resumed traveling up the small hill.
 They stopped again, however, for from their vantage point they could see the village.
 “See the torches?” Harruq asked, pointing.
 His brother nodded.
 “Velixar’s nightmares have pulled them from their slumber.
 It would be too easy otherwise.”
 “It’s going to be easy anyway,” Harruq said, drawing his blades.
 The soft red glow splashed across their faces.

 ........”<eop> “.................................................
-
“Calm yourself,” Qurrah whispered to his brother as the two marched in front of the guards toward the main streets.
 “Trying,” Harruq whispered back.
 They marched at sword point.
 Onlookers cackled as they passed, figuring the two were thieves or vagrants caught brawling.
 Their orcish features lent them no kindness, and a few children even threw rocks until the guards shooed them away.
 The whole while Harruq burned with shame and rage.
 They reached the western gate, which remained open during the day.
 Without ceremony, they were kicked through, both falling to the dirt and scraping their knees.
 “Get going,” one said.
 “See if somewhere else will take your mutt ass.”

 around them and began to drag them in front of the guards. Telling them to turn and follow them, Harruq told him to go to the back. He told him to go behind and then to take a seat. Then Qurrah told him to take the front row first.<eop> “
-
Every action, every kill, seemed to confirm the words of his brother.
 He was a killer and nothing more.
 His legacy would be one of death and emptiness.
 The ghosts of the village clung to his back and neck.
 His choice was made.
 When he looked to the stars, he saw Aurelia’s face among them.
 He tried not to think of what she’d say if she knew what he had done.
 Guilt and regret meant nothing so he choked it down.
 It didn’t matter what he wanted.
 His oath was made.

 made, his brother agreed to be his brother.....for life, death, eternal life.<eop> He listened to the words of the oath to the gods. The words that he made the oath, the words that his brother made, would confirm the words of his brother. It would
-
Rodregas looked back toward Doi’van, but could no longer see him.
 He knew he should check on him and Imeralda, but he also knew that they had all chosen to walk this path.
 It had ended up being a more interesting path than expected, but they all wanted to see where it went.
 He reached up and petted the powerful black head of the creature.
 Its ears had the only hint of non-black on the beast, a slight touch of silver.
 The fur was not as soft as it looked and was actually rough to the touch.
 Rodregas realized his hand was sinking into the skin.
 He tried to pull back but felt himself being drawn into it.
 He was being pulled physically into the panther.
 He started to pull away, but then he stopped and let himself sink into the shape of the great beast.

 tried looking back at the panther, but was not able to see him. Rodrega got to his knees and moved his hand upward. He felt the panther sink into the shape of the creature. He looked his eyes back at the creature. The fur was thick and black like that the
-
A lot of help he was.
 Jim – Some times all we need is just to escape.
 Look at me, I read Sumo Assassin.
 It helps me forget this world for at least some time.
 It isn’t even a good comic, but it beats thinking about life from time to time.
 Johnny – Why the hell do you keep on reading it then if it isn’t even a good comic?
 Jim – It’s comfortable.
 It’s safe.
 It’s home.
 Mom used to hate it.

 s home. Johnny – Mom does love it, but it’s not home. You have to love it while you can. Johnny – If it’s home, it is, it’s home. My home, your home, yours, the family, it’s home
-
And I think a September wedding would be perfect."
 They discussed bridesmaids and flowers and gardens.
 Marie would wear her mother's wedding gown, which had been carefully stored away for the last 28 years.
 Marie's grandmother had worn it as well, and when Marie took it off after her own wedding, it would go into storage for her daughter.
 Davis chose the next day to approach her father.
 "Come in, my boy," Jefferson Tranton told him, waving the young man into a large, comfortable chair opposite his own in his den.
 "You seemed rather anxious when you telephoned last night."
 "I have to confess that I was.
 Still am."
 He offered his employer a slight smile.

 in the other room, with Davis on the other side of him. "I was calling you, sir,"" as he strode toward the front door, "I was just talking a few minutes, talking to someone, and you came out of the bedroom with me." "
-
It’s like “Castles in the Sand.”  It’s sort of a cop off that idea.
 I don’t know—Larry, he’s got this mind, it’s really a musician’s mind, you know, songwriting for him is a calling—I don’t think I have his dedication to it.
 Why I was so happy to work with him.
 And we’ve made plans to work together again.
 He’s coming out here—when was it again, Lor?
 LE: 	June, I think.
 His wife called just a couple days ago.
 BG:  	Larry’s into something or other.
 But, he promised he’d be here.
 I’m ready to see what we can do together again.

 : I... I........... you know, I don't know. Larry’s....., he’s...
-
He listened as the other guards made their way down the tower.
 He leaned against the wall and took a deep breath.
 That had been close.
 Rodregas was shocked he had gotten away with it, especially after he had commanded the release of the remaining prisoners.
 He had been twice as generous as he thought Ravenhurr would have been, and Ravenhurr was too practical a man to release the prisoners as part of his celebration.
 The only prisoners in the keep’s dungeon were beings that were held for potential use in the ceremony.
 That meant they were of great power or talent.
 The prisoners were too dangerous to release, after Ravenhurr had so pissed them off by their imprisonment.
 But people did not question the order of the sorcerer and master of Raven Keep, so it should work.
 He dared not stay longer than he had to; Rodregas did not believe that he could fool Ravenhurr’s guards and servants for long.

 , he was ready to release the prisoners, even if he had to go with them. They reached the end of the tower, and he gathered his bag and went back down down the tower.<eop> He returned to the dungeon door to where he was holding the prisoner prisoner, and he closed his eyes
-
“So where are we?” “Well, our winged friend managed to get us out of the woods and near the mountains.
 You can see them over there.” He pointed off in the distance and I spotted the mountains towering above everything else.
 “That’s good, at least all of this wasn’t for nothing.” He sighed and closed his eyes.
 “Yes, I didn't lose my hearing for nothing, because I had to listen to you scream.” “Are you ever going to drop that?” I asked.
 Seth smirked.
 “Nope, it's going to haunt you for the rest of your life.” He made ghost sounds.
 “Wait,” I said suddenly, “weren't you going to tell Emily and Jason about you-know-what?” “What?” Seth asked lazily and plucked at the grass.
 I sat up and glared at him.
 “What do you mean, 'what'?
 You said you were going to tell them!

 I yelled. "Well, I had to tell them." Seth sneered. “I had to tell them what you said." He finally opened his eyes. He shook his head a bit and plucked at the grass. "Well, you..." He sighed.
-
Alec drew the blinds, which didn't do anything to muffle the principal's raised voice.
 Fifteen minutes later, after the unmistakable feeling of Alec's power had crested to the point where it almost felt like there was a breeze blowing from the office, we were all sitting down with the bewildered school counselor and playing musical classes.
 Only it turned out Rachel and I were the only ones not changing our schedules.
 I started to protest being treated differently than everyone else, only to feel my mouth click shut as Rachel shook her head at me.
 It wasn't until Alec was walking me to Biology that I finally got an explanation.
 "You and Rachel are the ones who need the most sleep, ergo you don't change classes."
 "That's crazy."
 I would've stopped.
 You can't really have a good disagreement while you're walking down the hall, but we happened to be holding hands, which he used to keep me moving along.
 And here I'd been so excited back in the councilor's office when he'd taken my hand.

 him mad? "No." "Oh, wait." I tried to pretend I couldn't see him, and walked across the room to get him on my feet. And when he finally did it, I was back to my seat. He was about to stand up.<eop>
-
“We will protect you, Frey.” Sure.
 I might have rolled my eyes.
 “We knew they were following before.
 Our mistake was in assuming they meant a physical attack.
 We will not allow them so close again.” “So they’re still following?” Panic.
 “No.
 Not now.” He paused.
 “They have accomplished what they came for.
 Now they will regroup and return.
 Which is why we need to move.” “Why would we leave a fort?” He laughed.

 ed. “If a fort was there then we wouldn’t be...” “” “”.” “...” “” “.”.” “” “” “....” “” “” “...” “” “
-
“I know you felt they were not a danger, but to walk up and take the food from two Dire Cats?
 That is just asking to be killed.” Her voice was unusually high pitched and she was shaking her head in disbelief.
 “The Dire Bear must have been living in the cellar,” said Doi’van.
 “I bet they actually had to go in and kill it there.
 We probably did not hear the battle because it was underground.
 They probably dragged it out after.
 It is said that Dire meat makes you strong.
 Not sure if that is true though.” His voice, in contrast to Imeralda’s, sounded completely normal.
 “Don’t you care that he did something so stupid?” asked Imeralda.
 “Well,” Doi’van replied slowly, “the cats are obviously connected to him due to his Celestial lion essence.

 that he had anything to do with that. He is like a father to them all. So I don’t want to kill the cats right now but I don’t care what they did next to him, or the things that they didn’t carry with them in the cellar. I’
-
By the time Mrs. Alexander finished taking the roll, and returned her pencil to its customary place behind her ear, I'd stabilized enough that I could read my notes again.
 The group project was due tomorrow, and since Alec hadn't bothered to make an appearance in class since my first day in Sanctuary, it was looking like I'd have to do the whole thing by myself if I wanted to pass.
 Yet another reason to hate him.
 So far I'd had zero luck figuring out why rain puddles in the parking lot sometimes had colors on them, sort of like little earthbound rainbows.
 I turned around and picked a reference book at random.
 It was a weighty thing that might or might not have the answer, but at the very least promised to keep me occupied for the duration of the class.
 I finally found something promising about fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 I probably would've stayed there trying to cram information into my head, but Mrs. Alexander walked by with a smile on her face as the last of the other students filed out of the room.
 "If you're really that enthralled by a college physics book, you're more than welcome to take it home with you tonight.
 Just promise to bring it back in the same condition.

 ." I looked at the clock, at the clock, so I had a few seconds to check my notes, and to Mrs. Alexander. I could go back to Sanctuary when I wanted to go, and I was ready to go back to class.<eop><eod> I was in a bad mood.
-
It wasn't until I was out of the car that I realized our Jeep was parked in its normal spot off to the side of the house.
 Excited to talk to Mom about her last outing, I waved goodbye to Brandon and hurried to the door.
 Mom hardly even looked up from her laptop as I walked in.
 Whew, no need to go through the third degree about Brandon.
 "Anything promising, Mom?"
 "Hmm?
 I don't know.
 Maybe one or two will be okay once I've touched them up, but this brochure is proving tougher than expected.
 Can we talk after dinner?"
 By now I really should have been used to Mom ignoring me when she got buried in a project.

 "..." "..." ""...." ".."..." ""...." "...."..." "..."<eop> ".
-
“It is the Lord General of the Immortalists,” Rodregas said.
 “He was once the Grand Marshal of the Order before he turned traitor and joined the Immortalists.
 He is hated by the knighthood, but he was a great warrior, the kind that we have to be able to face if we fight the Immortalists.” Rodregas responded.
 “We can’t be afraid of the competition.
 I may die, but if I win I can earn a greater sigil, maybe even bring you into the chamber as my servant.
 If both Doi’van and I had a greater sigil, we would be much more likely to survive the upcoming battles,” Rodregas said.
 “We would still get spitted like a pig to the roast without decent armor,” said Doi’van, “but as the Gods have yet to provide the armor, we will show these human squires the armor of our faith and the armor of our courage.
 I just don’t like having to watch you fight such battles and not be able to fight myself.” growled Doi’van.
 “Yeah, what he said,” Imeralda stated, ”I wish I could do the bow competition for you.
 I could get you five points there even with a regular bow, otherwise I am happy to watch you big boys show how tough and strong you are.” Rodregas smiled at Doi’van’s and Imeralda’s courage even though their personalities were opposites.

 said, “You won’t do the competition for them without me,” Imeralvan and Imeralda replied.<eop> “..........?” she asked, “.................
-
“Oh well, I never was one to follow the rules.” “Who are you?” She shook her head.
 “I can't tell you yet.
 That's one rule I'm not going to break.” I opened my mouth but she shook her head.
 “Don't ask what my name is or why I'm talking to you, because I can't answer either of those questions.” “What can you tell me then?” “I can tell you that I'm not an enemy,” she said.
 “I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.
 He'll find a way to get you to come to him instead of him coming to you.” She huffed, “Coward.” “How do you know?” She smiled sadly.
 “Let's just say I know what I'm talking about.
 Be careful and keep your friends close.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
 You are strongest when you are together, so don’t let yourselves be separated.” “Wouldn't it be called 'an breakable bond', then?” I asked her.

 you have a friend,.......... "I have a friend who belongs to me,"........ "...... well, well, let's just say that you know that..."
-
I got the feeling she would've liked to chat for a bit longer, but we had the predictable surge in attendance given the coming test.
 I gave her my best reassuring smile as she left, and then watched as she and the other tutors all bounced from one student to the next answering questions.
 As much as I would have liked to just call it a day, another good effort added to what I'd done earlier would put me two or maybe even three days ahead of my personal schedule.
 With a sigh of resignation I found my place on the page again, and started sorting out another set of variables.
 Forty-five minutes later I'd nearly completed another two sections, and was more than ready for a breather.
 Sometime while I'd been studying, most of the kids had left.
 I hadn't expected all of them to stay until my shift started, but I'd expected more than the two or three I usually had.
 Only it didn't look like that was going to be the case.
 Apparently most of them hadn't been serious about learning the material--they'd just wanted to come to the lab, make a half-hearted attempt, and then leave secure in the knowledge that if they failed the test they could whine to their parents about how hard they'd worked.
 But Mom, I even went to the lab.

 , I finished the next section and was able to relax a bit. It wasn't as productive, or intense, as at the end the last time, but I was still going to relax for a few moments and try to get some sleep.<eop> After a few minutes, I found the page
-
When Buddy played lead guitar and sang for Black Lung, a blues rock band with a loyal Memphis following.
 The late Lee Baker, a guitar god himself then, said about Buddy, “He was the best of us.
 He was a seer, a prophet.
 That later acoustic stuff is crap, of course, but with Black Lung, Buddy was tapped into something other.” Back then, Black Lung played the Shell regularly, maybe opening for Johnny Winter, or teaming up with Mudboy and The Expanding Head Band for a mini-festival that would start at dusk and stumble into the early morning hours like a dreamer looking for paradise.
 Lot of medicine passed about in those days.
 Lot of prescriptions from the hoodoo man.
 It was the sixties, people, and in Memphis that meant The Strip, The Shell, The Bitter Lemon.
 Buddy was known all those places.
 Hell, Buddy was known everywhere in the River City.
 This is the story of Buddy’s taint, the story of Buddy and his pact with the devil.

 the Devil. This was the story of Buddy and the devil. This was the story of the st of Buddy, the s of his bad guy. Of course, this was the story of the man, and he was the s of the devil. This is more of the story
-
.
 I mean, I'll do his shirt with my laundry.
 In-in case he doesn't get around to doing it himself right away."
 "She does her laundry here sometimes," Rick said.
 "There's not a hook-up in her apartment."
 "Oh.
 I know a lot of grad students, so I know what that's like."
 They'd told Teri and Jeremy that Marie was working on a master's degree in history at Boston College.
 As they headed for the living room, Rick slid his arm around Marie's waist, leaning close to whisper, "You're doing fine, sweetheart."
 She glanced up at him.

 back and said, "I'm.." "You sure?" grinned. "Yeah, yeah." "Good morning, sweetheart." "She goes through all her clothes...... " "
-
He went around the room one final time poking around for anything else of note and, finding nothing, went over to the door to the water closet.
 Inside he first tested out the plumbing, finding the experience both new and familiar.
 He also had a chance to examine his own plumbing, and was pleased with the results; his new body was large and powerfully built even in places that most people would not see.
 The only thing of use in the water closet was a shaving kit which Rodregas added to the trunk.
 Next he went to the study door only to find it locked.
 He looked for a key but there was nothing.
 He guessed that it was locked by magic and required a magic word or incantation to open the lock.
 He pushed and pulled on the door, but it was solidly made and there was nothing to get a good hold of to test his new strength.
 He looked around for something to use as a pry bar; next to the fireplace was a poker.
 He grabbed it and forced it into the crack were a normal door would have its catch.

 and pulled on the door and he left the poker there for a while, then pulled again.<eop> He came back to the study room, and he left the door in a closed position. In the other room was a chair, a desk and a rod rod. He opened the door to
-
As teenagers, my kids carried on the family tradition of abject rebellion, to the degree that I wrote a Reader story about the Tough Love group I was attending weekly.
 The year my kids began to climb out of the mud, I met Pam.
 * Back when I had only one child, someone told me that two was as easy or easier than one.
 Whoever said that ought to be gagged.
 At least in my family, while one kid slept, the other wouldn’t.
 When one behaved, the other raised hell.
 Everything one gets, the other wants.
 And so on.
 (Read Mark Twain’s Roughing It to learn how this plays out in large Mormon families.)
 I told Pam one kid would be plenty for me and suggested that even the one could wait until after I had rested for a couple years from raising Darcy and Cody, who by now were adults so admirable that just thinking about them often made me glow.

 began to return to the mud, I wanted more. So, instead of a long trip to the pits, I decided to enter the mud and wait for the other kids to climb out... wait, wait...<eop> The first thing I did was easy. I stepped in the
-
“I am Imeralda,” said the AElf maiden.
 Then came the Hellborn, “My name is Doi’vanaomeraldioan, but humans usually call me Doi’van,” he stated in a slow careful way in a very deep, deep voice.
 The leader, after a pause, said, “I am Audrian of family Corin.” The other two men identified themselves as Brit and Geor.
 Geor, the one with the torch, was blond and like the other men, unusually good looking and well built.
 Brit said little and was of dark hair and light skin.
 Offhand, Rodregas thought he looked to have come from the northern Kingdoms.
 “Gerald was a friend of ours, we went through a lot together in the Raven Keep dungeon,” spoke Audrian.
 “If you are neither him nor Ravenhurr, who are you?
 Only another Immortalist sorcerer should have been able to steal a body from Ravenhurr,” Audrian finished.
 It was a good question and one Rodregas was asking himself.

 ald, blond, was of dark hair, was of light skin, and was also a friend of ours in the Hell Keep. Geor, the dark hair, was the leader. “An Immortalist”, said Brit.<eop> “He is Ravenhurr.” The
-
We’re all children, man.
 CM:  	You’re hurt by your reviews?
 BG:  	Fucking hell, of course, I’m hurt.
 You know, when I was young, when I was in Black Lung, I mean, it went so fast, everything was happening so fast, them calling me the next Clapton and shit like that.
 I was locked out of my feelings—they could have said anything about me back then.
 I didn’t care.
 Plus I was high half the time, all the time.
 People giving me poppers to take I didn’t even know what it was.
 I didn’t give a shit about anything.
 Just show me the way to the next whiskey bar, you know?

 gave a shit about it I didn’t know it, I didn’t care. Just show me the way. I didn’t even know what it was, I didn’t know it, I didn’t care anything about it. I just did it. You know, I’
-
Johnny – Yeah I know, he spent fifty or sixty hours a week there after mom left.
 I didn’t ever see him.
 A lot of help he was.
 Jim – Some times all we need is just to escape.
 Look at me, I read Sumo Assassin.
 It helps me forget this world for at least some time.
 It isn’t even a good comic, but it beats thinking about life from time to time.
 Johnny – Why the hell do you keep on reading it then if it isn’t even a good comic?
 Jim – It’s comfortable.
 It’s safe.

 ........... I’m going.............. I have to go.......... I have to go. I don’t want to leave the building. I’
-
The smaller boy fell forward, careening towards the banister with so much force he knocked people in front of him out of the way.
 Just before I left elementary school someone had read us a newspaper article about some poor guy being pushed over a railing and falling to his death.
 I'd had nightmares for months.
 Dreams where the stairs had turned slick and I'd slid all the way down them.
 Dreams where the banister hadn't even been there and the stairs had become impossibly narrow, and nightmares where I'd somehow stumbled and started to fall over the edge of the railing.
 This was like all of those dreams put together, only happening to someone else.
 A couple of kids reached out, but the only people who could've really stopped him had already been bowled over.
 Time slowed down for me as he hit the railing and started over it.
 His feet came up and his torso was hanging in the void when someone reached over and grabbed his arm.
 I heard a grunt of effort, saw him stop moving, and only then realized it was Ben who'd nearly died.

 him over the banister, I pushed him over the railing.<eop> Ben was trying to catch him, and a girl was trying to catch him, and I was trying to catch the boy. He stood up, crossed his arms, put his hand up and fell over the railing. I pushed the
-
He froze, staring me straight in the eyes.
 I was fighting for control, struggling to find my thoughts.
 Then I saw it.
 He flicked a glance at Ruby and I knew.
 They knew.
 And it was all true.
 Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath.
 “Please, Freya, stay calm,” Ruby pleaded.
 They were circling me, their arms outstretched as if to catch me… or cage me.
 Black spots floated in my vision.

 ................ black............ I..............................
-
Next to the dead bear were the two Dire Cats.
 Rodregas had gone around the corner thinking they were in the cellar, but instead found himself no more than twenty feet from them.
 He froze; the two cats seemed to be expecting him.
 They both watched him with steady eyes.
 One reached out with a huge paw and dragged the dead bear’s body closer.
 Did it think he was here to steal it?
 The danger of the Dire Cats was crystal clear.
 He had not even heard them fighting, and yet they had killed a Dire Bear while Rodregas and the others slept!
 The good news was that they both seemed very full, and if anything, had a sleepy look to them.
 Rodregas guessed that he had awakened them from a nap.

 ............................................................
-
Cindy:  That’s it I can’t work under these conditions.
 Storms off the stage.
 Greg:  Shall I call you later?
 Greg shrugs and exits the stage
 Cindy is standing in her spot, Greg enters limping,  wearing a torn up and abused bunny suit.
 His hair is mussed up and he’s dirty.
 Greg:  Hi.
 Cindy: What happened to you?
 Greg: nice day
 Cindy:  You’re a mess.

 : Greg: I love you, I’ll come see you, Greg. S: Good day, I come see you. Cindy: Greg: I think that’s good, Greg, can I call you? I: Good day, Greg, I come see you again. Cindy:
-
I smiled thinking of it.
 He took that as an invitation, leaning closer, his hand raised to touch my face.
 His thumb caressed the line of my jaw as he reached around, fingers tangling in my braids as he drew me to him.
 He started gently, teasing, and then crushed our lips together, his strong hand holding me there, his breathing ragged.
 At some point, I became aware of what I was doing.
 I drew back.
 “I have to go now.” He looked devastated.
 “Goodbye, young Noble.” “Can I see you again?” I smiled.
 “I will return.” He took a deep breath, satisfied.
 “I’ll be waiting.” As I turned to go, I realized I hadn’t asked any of the important questions that had been nagging me.

 what he was saying next to me... and I was pretty sure he was right.... I wanted desperately to see him again. He was just asking me to hang out with him. I felt the sadness on his face and I didn’t know what to tell him
-
Over acting the part he’s doing with all his heart.
 Dressed in casual clothes that one might wear around the house Saturday morning.
 Various pieces of living room furniture sit about the stage.
 Character 1- And what doth the ravens say to my ear whilst I sleep.
 And the cows do moo and the Asses bray.
 Yet as I dance in the rain and do weep, Yonder figure turns to walk away.
 (speaks directly to the audience)What say you my good dear man?
 Dost the line and verse drive one to the ends of emotional rationality?
 Yes as I did think, and so I thought.
 For like a duck walking backwards into a frozen stump, so does the muse speak her inspiration to the heart of the play-write… and as the muse speaks it, so do I perform it.

 , as I heart the muse speak it, so does it act. I say it... as I perform it. I say it. As I perform it, and... and as I perform it, and. As the muse speaks the inspiration to the heart
-
During the fairs that most rural areas had fighting contests were common, but they were always matches of wrestling or bare knuckle fighting.
 The only weapons allowed the local workers were the staff and sometimes the bow.
 Rodregas had always regarded the staff as a primitive weapon which no true warrior would bother with, but to watch Doi’van with it was breathtaking.
 The staff whirled around him a blur, and the length of the weapon made full use of his height and size.
 But he also had complete control of the weapon as he highlighted that morning by whizzing past Rodregas’ clumsy blocks and bruising every part of his body until even the smallest movement hurt.
 Rodregas was used to being better trained than others, but with the staff he was starting from scratch; even holding it properly was new to him.
 Doi’van showed him to keep one hand at the center of the staff and one hand between the center and the end.
 One always gripped the staff in thirds.
 When it was held horizontally in front, the right palm faced away from the body and the left hand faced the body, enabling the staff to rotate.
 The power for generated strikes was held by the backhand pulling the staff, while the front hand was used for guidance.

 hand was used to strike with a small hammer, while the fronthand hand was used to hold the staff. In the middle the back hand was held, while the front hand was pulled, and the second,, third, hand was used with a bow.<eop><eod> The other hand held the
-
Did it happen to you before?
 Jim – Not to me particularly.
 Art – What does that mean?
 Jim – I was around someone else when it happened to him.
 Art – Who and when?
 Jim – It was Gene, during his ‘protesting God’ phase, when he would stand outside churches with a sign that said ‘God sucks’ or something like that.
 Art – I remember that.
 I’m glad he finally grew out of it.
 Though he chose an odd thing to move on to.
 Jim – Odd to an outsider, perfectly understandable to someone who really knows him.

 Art – Yes, it is weird. It’s not odd. God sucks. Art –It’s not weird to say that, because God sucks? Jim. That’s... that’’s it? Art –... it’
-
I want everyone back to your seats."
 A couple people looked like they wanted to give the sub a hard time, but these were all the kids who were hoping to make it into the top ten percent of their graduating class.
 None of them really had a disobedient bone in their body.
 They grudgingly returned to their seats and left Alec by himself.
 I picked my pencil back up and started drawing again, only to be disturbed by someone clearing their throat.
 Alec was looking down at me with something almost like a smile playing at the corner of his lips.
 For a second I couldn't blame the other girls for swarming him over.
 He was so attractive it was hard to remember he was such a jerk.
 I forced myself to stop wondering if anyone else in the entire world had such incredibly blue eyes, and tilted my head to the side questioningly.
 "Sorry, I can tell you're not really in the mood to work on our project, especially with all of the racket today, but I saw you limping down the stairs just before lunch.

 sure there was a mess in the hall?" I tried to manage a quick smile and moved on. "If you didn't make it to lunch, I want you to try again." I tilted my head back to face one of the other girls in class who were trying to keep
-
Even if I can't let go of Zoë, I could more thoroughly rid myself of ambition.
 Maybe I should give up writing.
 Or hand over Perelandra College to someone.
 Spend more time growing vegetables and cooking from scratch, like Brother Lawrence did.
 Toni Torrey could give me gardening and cooking lessons.
 For lessons in devoting myself to communion with God, besides contemplating Brother Lawrence, I can turn to Olga.
 Peace
 Olga Savitsky was a poet.
 We met at a small church charismatic enough so that nobody minded when she stood in the midst of a service and offered her latest poem.
 Long ago, Olga had discovered that what she needed most was God.

 ...................................... was a poet.. and,... and,........
-
We are going dancing, aren't we?"
 "If you like.
 But I'd still like you to have some dessert."
 He reached into his breast pocket.
 "Maybe a bite of yours."
 "No.
 This is all for you."
 He held the box out to her.
 Her heart began to race.
 So this was the night!

 the night, was the night? "..."." ""..." "....." "....." ""....." "....".." ""
-
Whatever pain I might receive didn’t factor; I had wanted to hurt this wicked little redhead since the first time I’d seen her, since her hand reached out seductively toward Chevelle and collected my ruby.
 My palms lit where they wrapped around her arms.
 I would finally burn her.
 She cocked one eyebrow at me.
 “Half fire fairy, silly.” And I flew through the air to land with a heavy thump a few yards away.
 “Well, it was a little unconventional, but at least you’re thinking on your feet,” she mused, straightening the material of her skirt.
 And then she giggled as she realized I was, in fact, not on my feet.
 My body ached as I stood and my best skill was useless.
 I desperately wanted to ask her to show me the way, but my ego stubbornly refused.
 Not her.

 the way. I was on my feet. I was on the right track, exactly the same way she’d just taught me. No. No, I would never find the way to her again. She was out. Chevelle was out of sight. She was the way to me.<eop>
-
Slinking out from the branches of the spruce, I crept low along the trees and brush as I followed my watcher north.
 Chapter Six Trails
 Chevelle kept a quick pace and I found myself struggling to keep up.
 Unlike me, he wasn’t dodging between rocks and trees, bending out of sight and watching the ground to keep from breaking twigs while he tried to keep from being spotted.
 I cursed the formal dress I’d been dragging as it snagged on a low-lying thicket, flinging another string of beads into the soft dirt.
 I considered dumping it, but didn’t think it was the best idea to be sneaking around the forest unclothed.
 After crossing a few soggy patches of moss, the hem was damp and darkened.
 I might have ripped some of the excess material off, but Chevelle’s movement wasn’t leaving me time for that.
 Finally, just before nightfall, he approached a small village.
 It didn’t look like more than half a dozen structures scattered against the base of a large hill.

 edge of a forest, it was marked by a couple of houses and by a U-shaped sign on the ground.<eop> There was a single house and a sign on the trunk of a small tree. Someone was standing on the other side of a house. Some of the branches and the trunks
-
"I might even use garlic again.
 But I have to admit that I sneaked upstairs to brush my teeth after we ate."
 He tilted her face up so that their lips were almost touching.
 "So did I."
 She felt his breath in her mouth.
 "I can tell."
 He nibbled at her lips.
 "I was very proud of you tonight."
 "Really?"
 She clutched at his shoulders, her breath coming faster.

 "".."""...""".."...""..".""..."""""..."""""...""""."...""" "
-
They shall not travel within our cities, live in our settlements, or trade with our people.
 They are banned in all possible sense of the word.
 They have abandoned us, so let us abandon them.
 These are the words of your King, Edwin Vaelor, and may they never be forgotten.”
 Antonil closed the scroll and then nodded for his soldiers to return to their post.
 Holding in a curse, he headed to the royal stables.
 He needed to speak with Dieredon and personally break the terrible news.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Qurrah smirked as the guard captain hurried away.

 said in two words, “The boy is the man in the front of us, the man standing right in the middle of the front of us, and the man standing in the middle of the room. He has happened to a friend of one of our people. The king, Dieredon,
-
He had to get away from not only the family, but the community.
 He comes from a small town, and everyone knew what happened.
 I think he married a girl from Russia, one of those mail-order brides.
 I think that she was desperate to get out of Russia.
 The terrible poverty and such just made her desperate to get out of the country.
 Art – Well as long as she’s pretty.
 Other wise, well I can’t imagine that he has much self-confidence left.
 Karen – I’ve seen a couple of pictures, she isn’t.
 Art – Stay in Russia and have no foreseeable future, or come to the United States and marry a stranger who just happens to turn out to be a contributor to the growth of the lesbian community.
 I wonder what would happen to the poor man if she decided to go back to Russia as a lesbian.

 : Art – I think that he was desperate, he wanted to marry a lesbian, but I think she was. And I think that he was attracted to her, and he wanted to help her, and I think he wanted to make a living for her, or something for her to do.
-
"If we wait, we probably won't go."
 Cliff was more sensible.
 He said my mom could be right.
 I didn't relent until after his mom lectured us in practically the same words.
 Whatever the meaning of Eric’s death, it might've been losing him that convinced me to give up on Karen Flagstad.
 Anymore, the whole idea of having a best friend spooked me.
 Better to keep my secret life to myself and guard my heart than to trust somebody I was almost sure to lose---because that was how life worked---and mourn over.
 But then, in that way life has of confusing every issue, Karen invited me to be her graduation partner, which meant only walking side-by-side in a procession.
 Still I invited her to the prom.
 She accepted.

 I got married, I decided to invite Karen to the wedding...... the prom...................................... the
-
All she wanted to know was why they couldn't at least have dinner together tonight.
 He'd said he had to work, but it was Friday, and he had to eat anyway.
 But her persistence had made him lose his temper, and now she was rapidly losing hers.
 "I'm sorry having dinner with me is such a burden on you," she snapped, turning to leave.
 Davis grabbed her arm, pulling her around to face him.
 "Don't talk to me like that!"
 "You shouted at me!"
 "You deserved it."
 She glared at him, trying to wrench her arm free.
 "You're hurting me."

 her, pushing her away. "You aren't!" she snapped. "No, I'm... You can't hurt me like that." "You can'..." "No..." Davis glared at her.
-
BG:  	Well, hell, yeah, I am.
 But, you know, I don’t want that out there yet.
 Look what it did to Dylan.
 He didn’t want to finish Tarantula, but, there was so much pressure on him and then someone circulated bootleg versions and the whole thing became uncontrollable.
 I can’t have that.
 I’d rather keep my plans private for now, dig?
 Can you keep that under your hat, Creole man?
 CM: 	Got a title?
 BG:  	Right now I’m callin’ it Great Expectations.
 CM: 	Uh—

 , I am? :-----: Uh: Uh- ---: BG: Well, I... -- ---: Uh- Uh- Uh- Uh-, who am I, dig?
-
Not bothering to call for silence or attention, he unrolled the scroll and shouted its edict.
 Because of his rank, the troops in attendance, and the overall respect given to the man who had engineered the city’s successful defense only days before, he was quickly given a respectful silence.
 “By order of the King, all elves are to be removed from Neldar lands.
 They shall not travel within our cities, live in our settlements, or trade with our people.
 They are banned in all possible sense of the word.
 They have abandoned us, so let us abandon them.
 These are the words of your King, Edwin Vaelor, and may they never be forgotten.”
 Antonil closed the scroll and then nodded for his soldiers to return to their post.
 Holding in a curse, he headed to the royal stables.
 He needed to speak with Dieredon and personally break the terrible news.

 had heard his words, Antonil quickly returned to his post, allowing himself to think deeply about his situation and his duties. Before he called Dieredon to speak with the current situation in the city, Antonil had to return to his duties.<eop> As he walked with his troops toward the castle
-
It ran down the dead flesh and bone that was his face, over his black robes, and pooled in the grass below.
 He fell prone, still screaming his anger and fury.
 For five hundred years he had walked the land of Dezrel.
 All that time, all those killings, and this was how he would fail.
 “Karak!” he shouted, all his power fleeing him.
 His undead minions collapsed, their souls released.
 The gates to the abyss opened before his eyes, and he felt the pull on his soul.
 The dark fire already burned.
 He saw the face of his master, and the sick grin there horrified him.
 “I will not die!” he shrieked.

 ............... the..... the..................... the................
-
“No gory details.” His eyebrow cocked meaningfully.
 “Oh, well, yes, that would do.” She smiled at me as she licked another arrow, tongue sliding carefully along the blade.
 “You see, my dear, being a one of a kind—well, as far as I know—has its benefits.
 Though they weren’t always benefits.
 Ooh, in the beginning it was bad… but, well, that’s the long version, isn’t it?
 No gory details.” She winked at Steed.
 “I am, how should I put it… venomous.” I gasped.
 It was her expected response.
 “Yes, yes.
 I know.” She held her tongue out for me to examine.

 , no. And you, no, that thing wasn’t venomous. I...” She...No...No, it was not. It was venom, it was venom, it... oh no, it was venomous in the beginning. It was
-
Harruq shrugged.
 “I said it before.
 I’m here to protect you.”
 “Then kill those that seek to kill me,” Qurrah said, a bit of his sleepiness leaving him.
 “Our master has given us so much.
 Power.
 Weapons.
 A purpose.
 What more could we ever ask for?”
 “Yeah, what else,” Harruq said, shifting more of his brother’s weight onto his shoulder.

 with a purpose and a purpose.. purpose, purpose, power. The purpose, purpose, power, power. Weapons. The purpose, power, the weapon, the power.. the purpose..... the purpose... the purpose.”<eop> “Oh, what else
-
When I set out to write Broken, I never expected that I was going to end up writing the same story from Alec's point of view, but I'm pleased with how both Broken and Torn have turned out, both individually and as a combined work.
 They are done in very different styles, but ultimately that was exactly what I was after.
 I think there is plenty of cross-over of guys reading paranormal romance, and girls picking up more action-packed stories.
 Ultimately I think most of us just want a compelling story, but sometimes the labels that get applied to books get in the way of us discovering them, rather than helping as they are meant to do.
 I think one of the things that made the Harry Potter books so successful was the fact that the whole family could share in the series.
 I remember as Twilight came out thinking that there were plenty of guys who would enjoy Twilight if they ever sat down and read it, but most of them wouldn't ever give it a try.
 My hope with Broken and Torn is that the two stories combine into something that both guys and girls can enjoy.
 The girls are likely to start out with Broken, while guys are likely to pick up Torn and enjoy the extra action there.
 Either way, my biggest hope would be that the guys can introduce their wives and girlfriends to Broken, and the girls can introduce their husbands and boyfriends to Torn.
 We've included excerpts for both Torn and Splintered (the sequel for Broken and Torn) below.

 have the ability to read everything in the book and is interested to see how it will bring the story to them that most of them haven't yet been able to do. Broken is a chance to find the best way for them to do that. I have to say the same for Torn
-
"If I'd known what a knockout you were going to be, I would have tried to find something better.
 Run along and get your make-up done--it's at the end of that corridor.
 We start shooting at 8:00."
 He turned away before Marie could say a word.
 Rick took her hand and led her away toward the make-up room.
 "Rick, what's going on?"
 she asked.
 "Now don't get too excited--you're just an extra.
 It's not--" "I'm going to be in a movie?"
 she squealed.

 laughed, "I'm not---oh, no, you'll be in a movie too," he laughed. "You're."""""""""""""""""""""..""
-
When we rely on the inner resources, we achieve the maximum because we are constantly led to discover more of our own unlimited capacities.
 Why should we wait before acting until we are compelled by the irresistible force of the rising expectations of the world’s masses, by the explosion of violence in our cities, or by the complete breakdown of our economic systems because of spiralling unemployment?
 Why should we not act now to prevent these outcomes and reverse the trends that threaten to make them a reality?
 All the resources necessary are within our reach, within ourselves.
 We need the courage to think and say that it is time to abolish weapons of mass destruction and call a halt to the use of war for settlement of disputes, that it is time to insist that all people enjoy the most basic democratic freedoms, that there can and must be enough food produced to feed everyone, and that every person must be guaranteed the right to gainful employment.
 The barriers to these achievements are not material or technological.
 It takes money, materials and technology to make war, not to stop it.
 That requires a determination and insistence, an intolerance of violence, which must start with a commitment of the world’s leaders and the total empowerment of the UN to enforce peace.
 It takes material resources and technology to suppress people, not to make them free.
 That requires an acceptance of basic human rights as a non-negotiable minimum requirement for each nation to participate in the international community, which must start with a voluntary abdication by the great powers of the principle of rule by might that governs the present structure of the UN.

 by other means, the UN does not have the power of arms to kill, but it has the armed force to fight with impunity. It has not only the power of arms to force on the ground, but also the power of war, but it does not have the power of the armed force to
-
The two leaders faced off as everyone else fanned out around them.
 Jasmin, Isaac, and the others all maintained calm exteriors that were markedly different than the eager, often sadistic expressions of Brandon's people.
 "I demand satisfaction on behalf of my pack for the two of our number that you brutally murdered.
 This is within my rights under the laws that bind us.
 I demand two lives for the two lives robbed me."
 Brandon's expression was confident and a little smug, and I somehow didn't doubt in the slightest that he'd expected Alec to calmly hand over two people to be executed.
 Alec hadn't even flinched at the demand.
 "Your wolves were lawbreakers who were executed before they could break further laws.
 The protection of the people, of the secrets that guard our nature from the dayborn, represents a law that supersedes any question of territory or dominance."
 The energy suddenly rolling off of the gathered shape shifters nearly drove me to my knees as Alec continued.

 , "..."""""""..."""""..."""""""" """""""""""""""..." That was the end of the line.
-
If an Immortalist takes my power, he or she could become stronger in both.” “Mostly correct,” Jordaan said.
 “It is actually a topic of much debate among magicians.
 I go along with the belief that there is no such thing as ‘mortal’ magic.
 While we don’t have time now to go over all the proof, the general thought is that mortals are truly just animals and don’t produce magic.
 It is only our connection to other realms that provides us power.
 Mana is the raw energy of magic no matter what its source.
 You can use mana from any source to cast spells.” He looked around at the three of them to make sure they understood.
 Rodregas felt like he was back in a classroom, as he had been as a child in the Cathedral of the Knights.
 In truth all three were very interested, as magic was something that was very much affecting their lives at the moment.
 Rodregas noticed that while Imeralda’s expression was one of simple enjoyment at refining her knowledge with an expert, Doi’van’s seemed almost made of rock.

 I think that mana is going to match up with most people’s magic... so I’m really impressed with that.<eop><eod> “Well Rodregas, I have recently given a lot of thought about this topic. I think it is very interesting to me because many of
-
She winked and disappeared in a flash.
 I limped over to my body ignoring Seth’s yells to tell me to sit down.
 I felt the wind pick up and was whisked back to my normal self.
 I felt fine except for the fact it hurt to stretch my left side.
 I would probably be extremely stiff and sore tomorrow morning, but I was used to that feeling.
 We began to walk back towards the park when Jason stopped us.
 “Hey can Seth and I catch you guys later?
 We have something to do.” Jason grabbed Seth and they took off.
 Emily raised an eyebrow, “Should we be concerned?” “Nah they’re boys, let them do what they have to do,” I said with a quick sigh.
 While we were walking the boys appeared in front of us, holding something behind their backs.

 Jason grabbed Seth and they took off. Jason and Emily grabbed Seth and me. We walked up the steps. Jason and Seth and I got up and ran back towards the park. I was pretty sure it was going to rain. Seth and Jason got up and ran back into the park. Emily and
-
"I realize it's unreasonable to ask you to trust me right now, but I'm going to need you to do so.
 Can you remain quiet for the next few minutes?"
 I wanted to ask why, but it was obvious we didn't have the time for a lengthy explanation.
 I nodded.
 "I trust you.
 After everything you've done, I know you wouldn't hurt me."
 Alec turned towards Rachel, but she shook her head before he could even open his mouth.
 "You don't even need to ask.
 I'll follow your lead, and try to look brave."
 He threw the door open and stalked into the house.

 """ """ "" """ """ "" "" """"" """" """"" """" """"" """"" "
-
"That-that I can't go through with it."
 His finger froze.
 "I'm sorry--I should never have pushed you.
 I know that you're engaged, and I know--" "But that's it.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 I can't marry Davis."
 His eyes widened, and he seized her in his arms.
 "Oh, sweetheart, that's fantastic!"
 He took her face in his hands and rained kisses on her mouth.
 "I couldn't bear to lose you."

 "Oh, really?"<eop> "Uh,yeah,"yeah, and... "yeah?"<eop> "Uh... uh, huh?" "Oh." "Yeah, I know that you love me,
-
With his superhuman hearing and sense of smell, Alec knew I was struggling before I even did.
 He waited though until I finally admitted how tired I was, and then he scooped me up and effortlessly jogged to the top of the peak.
 "Are all of you shape shifters such showoffs?
 At least the change in altitude should bother you a little."
 Alec smiled as he came to a stop at the very top and set me down.
 I waited for a couple of seconds for him to respond and then shrugged and looked out over the arid, Southern Utah landscape.
 The view literally took my breath away.
 I hadn't realized we were quite so close to Zion National Park with all of its incredible greenery.
 The stark contrast between the desert and the lush vegetation was striking.
 "Not a show off, just really eager to get you up here so I could watch your face when you first saw all of this."

 .. "." "." " " "..." "..." " ".." " " ".." " " "..."
-
Mother understands.
 She'll explain it to Father."
 But she was sure her mother wouldn't tell him exactly why she understood.
 Rick took her face between his hands, kissing her over and over.
 "I love you so much," he murmured, claiming her mouth again.
 Marie pulled away.
 "How soon can we get married?"
 she asked breathlessly.
 He laughed.
 "Will Monday morning be soon enough?"

 her head. "No it won't be soon," he laughed. "..............................." Marie laughed. "Trust me, I
-
It was a relief when Mrs. Campbell finally capped her marker and turned us loose to work on the homework assignment.
 I was midway through the first assignment when one of the aides slipped into the room and whispered into Mrs. Campbell's ear.
 There was a kind of muted, collective gasp that made me look up just in time to see the color drain out of her face.
 Before the aide had even finished whispering, Mrs. Campbell was out of her chair and headed towards the door.
 Thirty seconds later we were all still looking around and wondering what had happened.
 It was a testament to our respect for, or in some cases fear of, Mrs. Campbell that nobody spoke in anything above a whisper for an entire five minutes.
 Every terrible thing that could possibly happen to a person flowed through my mind, and all I could do was hope I was overreacting.
 Mrs. Campbell had scared me a little that first day, but she'd been pretty nice since, and she'd always been fair.
 "So what do you think happened?"
 "Britney, what are you doing?"

 , there was only one person in the room. Mrs. Campbell was standing alone in the front row. It was up to me to get back to the aide, but she had said she was going to do it, and it was a mistake.<eop><eod> I entered the front of the room.
-
Liz – If you like I could help you with it.
 Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.
 Liz – Do you think he would believe it?
 Jim – Not for a second.
 Liz – But you think he would still be angry?
 Jim – Very.

 – Yes. Jim – No. – – Jim – No, no.. – Yes. I. – Yes, I believe it. – No. – Jim – Yes, I’m angry. Jim – Jim – Yes,
-
Alec's unshakable calm over the last few days had mostly convinced me the other members of his pack had been overreacting.
 Somehow I'd come to believe the coming dispute with Brandon's pack would be resolved as easily as a normal teenage dispute.
 After experiencing such intense, barely restrained violence, I was starting to see just how ludicrous that'd been.
 People had already died over what was going on here.
 It hadn't been real, either because I hadn't examined Simon and Nathanial's lifeless bodies, or maybe because I was repressing the experience like I'd done with so many other parts of my life lately.
 I could feel my mind trying to shut down, hoping to cushion me from the worst implications of what was coming.
 I knew it was going to be bad, could feel it in a sickening, only-seconds-away-from-vomiting kind of way, but couldn't follow the chain of logic through to the very end.
 I let Jasmin help me pull my books together, and then numbly followed her out to the hallway.
 Alec and the rest of the pack were waiting for us at my locker.
 Jasmin calmly opened my locker and put my things away while I was still trying to come to terms with everything.

 met her in the hall, and led me back to my locker. After waiting a minute, I put my books together. I picked up my backpack, and took the elevator to the locker room to put my stuff in and back to my locker. I knocked on the door and locked my locker behind
-
Not a good location for houses, in my opinion, but who can tell young people anything these days?
 I hear that he bought two other pieces of land last month.
 Bad investment, in my opinion.
 Ought to invest in the stock market."
 He smiled at his daughter.
 "Never mind, my dear.
 What plans do you have today?"
 "I'm going shopping.
 Do you have any pocket change to spare?"
 She received a nice allowance, but she knew she could always count on her father for a little extra.

 .."...." "...."...."".."..."".."...."".......""."...""".""""
-
Greg:  Are you kidding?
 That man isn’t good looking at all.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: Well at least we’re not in black and white.
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: I mean, the total lack of color would be over the top.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  But then being back here over and over is enough.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  I must be going crazy.

 I just look at the bull, the bulls, the crowd, the crowd, I see the bulls, the horses, the crowd, the trainers (and me, guys), the studs, the crowd, see the horses, etc. I see the crowds, see the
-
I hope that this book and the website http://www.rxdrugaddict.comcan help addicts better understand that they are not just destroying themselves but also their family and friends.
 I hope they can see that they could have long and productive lives if they chose to feel life instead of numbing it.
 I also hope this can help people to think about their defining moments and to never give up on their addicted loved ones.
 Expecting someone to just stop being addicted is as absurd as asking someone to stop having cancer.
 These addicts need professional help from those who are trained in this field.
 We are ignorant and ill prepared to help and understand an addict and that ignorance could be deadly.
 We can only pray that these addicts can overcome their addiction and start living a clean and sober life one day at a time.
 ~Bradley V. DeHaven
 Connect with Brad online, and receive his newsletter with updates on Brandon and info about the prescription drug abuse epidemic by signing up here.
 

 need to find a way to understand and help your loved ones, and find a way to connect, to your doctor, to your community, and to your family and friends, and to your family and your loved ones. ~Derma L. Green It's a pleasure to reading this
-
Mallory's chuckle was that of a much younger woman.
 "That bothers you a little, doesn't it?"
 "Sometimes.
 A little.
 I just hate being such an open book to everyone."
 "Try not to let it get to you too much.
 As hard as it may be for you to believe, Alec's even better at reading people than most of us.
 There are several of the pack there at the house who are nearly as bothered by that as you are."
 The familiar feel to her touch suddenly fell into place.
 It was hard to believe that I'd spent so long with her and not realized that she was a shape shifter until she'd said as much.

 """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" """ """"..."""" "..""""
-
Liz – What question?
 What nude painting?
 What the hell are you talking about Jim?
 Jim – It must have been a dream.
 Liz – Are you going to fill me in, or am I going to hurt you.
 Jim – I had a really vivid dream where I posed nude for a painting for you.
 We had a lot of fun, and I think it might have been a good painting.
 Liz – Might have been?
 Didn’t you see it?
 Jim – Well you were about to show it to me when the event happened.

 – Liz – Didn’t you see in the dream? You came in and didn’t you see the painting? Jim – I think it was going to be a good. I’m really really working on it, Jim. Liz – Well I’m really going to
-
I went to the section which would most likely house the desired information, and then closed my eyes and concentrated.
 Maybe it wouldn’t work, but I could try.
 I wasn’t sure I felt anything, but after a few minutes I imagined my right hand might have tingled a little.
 I grabbed a close volume and leafed through it.
 It was a legacy of the Viridian Forest clan.
 I pulled another volume down.
 A diary of Momar the Ancient.
 I sighed.
 This was going to be like trapping a greased pixie.
 I sat for hours exploring the early texts, stories of the river clans and their battles with the Imps of Long Forgotten, firsthand accounts of the Trials of Istanna, and the long lineages of the eldest families.

 went on. I picked up the first volumes: Chapters of the Journal of the Old, the Story and Legacy of Viridian Forest Clans. I studied stories of the river clans of the Viridian Forests, the sagas of the wives of the ancients, the tales
-
Her skin was hot from her day in the sun and just a little red.
 She'd put sunscreen on this morning so that she wouldn't get burned.
 Dropping the bottle onto the bed, she went back to Rick's room calling, "Is the pizza here yet?"
 "Not yet," he replied as he emerged from the bathroom, still toweling his hair dry.
 Marie stared.
 He was wearing only a pair of shorts.
 Drops of water sparkled on his shoulders, and his skin glowed from the recent scrubbing.
 She swallowed.
 "I .
 .

 ..." Marie said, dropping the bottle onto the floor, and then walking down the hall to the bed. ".." "... I think I like it," she whispered, as she dropped the bottle onto the bed. Marie.
-
"Let's go."
 I shook my head.
 "I told Mrs. Campbell I'd stay the whole time.
 I'm not lying for you or anyone else."
 Rachel piped up unexpectedly.
 "It's okay, Britney.
 If you want to leave we'll give her a ride home."
 I could see the wheels turning in her head.
 If I really did have a ride, she could leave without ruining things with Brandon; but if I wasn't going to lie, then there was a good chance that Mrs. Campbell would find out she'd left early.
 Parents were relatively easy to fool.

 'no, you'd leave. I 'no, I'm going to ride home with you." I shook my head. "............................
-
He had to stop now.
 He raised his head, straightening and pulling away.
 But Marie clung to him, rubbing her face against his neck.
 "Kiss me again, please," she murmured, raising her head to press her lips to his.
 He couldn't resist her, and his mouth began moving over hers again.
 But at last he forced himself to break away.
 "Marie, we have to stop," he told her, literally holding her at arm's length.
 "Why?"
 she panted.
 "Why don't you want to kiss me any more?"

 moved to the side of him, spooning her tongue against his mouth, scrabbling her fingers into her hair. "Kiss her, please, what?"<eop> She started to cry again. "Marie,", she whispered again, "I want to feel
-
Rodregas reasoned they would find the keep partially pillaged as well.
 He knew Captain Poir would probably do one of two things: either come after him immediately or head to the Celestial Path Guild Hall in the capital.
 If Captain Poir headed immediately for the Guild Hall to report the strange happening, it would give him more time to find a place to lie low.
 However, it would be better for him if Poir went looking for Rodregas himself instead, and spread his men all over trying to find him.
 There were only about twenty Ravenhurr guardsmen.
 If they were sent in every possible direction, especially in pairs, there was a good chance that he would come across no more than two of them at a time.
 If they were still confused about whether he was or was not Ravenhurr, he would have an excellent chance of overcoming them.
 On the other hand, if the forces of the guild came after him… The guardsmen of the Immortalist guild were known as the Immortal Guards and their reputation as the premier fighters of the realm was seldom questioned.
 If they found out what had happened at Raven Keep there was not much chance for Rodregas’ survival.
 After a simple meal, a good rub down for the horses and a few hours of rest, Rodregas got the wagon back on the road.

 , he climbed into the back and climbed the wagon up to the keep. He rode his horse... And he rode it... He rode the wagon... He rode the horse of his own... Rodregas set out for the front of the keep, and the
-
But then the noise stopped.
 The second time she held the key longer, jerking her hand away when she heard a grinding sound.
 "What did I do?"
 "You kept the key turned too long.
 It's OK--you'll get the feel of it.
 The motor's running, so put your foot on the brake.
 OK, now press the button in on the handle there and move it to D."  When she'd done that, he said, "Now let your foot off the brake."
 She did so.
 "Oh!
 We're moving!"

 "" """ """"" """" """" """ """ """ """" """"" """" """ """ "
-
Jim – I don’t think he does know.
 Be specific for Gene.
 Johnny – Ladies breasts.
 Eugene – Ohhh, I get it now.
 Johnny – Took long enough.
 Jim – Well what do you want to talk about breasts for?
 Johnny – I like them.
 Jim – Is that all you have to say?
 Johnny – No.
 Not really.

 – Oh well, I mean. Jim – Oh, oh Jim – I do? Johnny – What? Jim – Oh, Jim – I will tell you. Jim – I mean...... Jim – Is that.....
-
Nothing of his histories, nothing of mine.
 But conversation had become easy as soon as I had spoken that first word, as soon as I had said his name and he’d smiled in return.
 I found myself leaning toward him as he spoke, actually paying attention in places; he had a pleasant voice and an unusual dialect.
 He wove histories as if they were stories of his childhood friends instead of useless facts, and I became enthralled.
 It felt as if we were alone there in the quiet corner of the third level, the occasional murmur below and whisper of flipping pages the only other sound in the dim setting.
 A small knothole made a window in the wall across from me and some light from the cloudy day occasionally came through, putting Chevelle’s face in shade.
 I had been right; his eyes appeared nearly black in the shadows.
 I leaned forward, listening to him as a small gray bird landed on the lip of the knothole.
 “Cheep.” Not many animals feared the elves.
 It even seemed curious as to what we were doing.

 out of the book and walked to the corner of the reading room. I sat down at the table, "thank you”, and Chevelle stepped out of the room. He had not paid us a lot of attention, but I smiled to him and I led him toward the door. He
-
I could just make out Isaac off a little ways into the darkness.
 He was in hybrid form and moving with a ground-devouring gait that was deceptively smooth.
 Flashes of movement off to either side of us, lower to the ground, made me sure the girls were all following along on four legs.
 Alec shifted me around as he realized I was awake.
 "We've still got nearly half an hour, you should get some more sleep if you can."
 I tried to argue but couldn't find the strength.
 A while later the flash of light as James and Isaac lit flares pulled me back awake.
 It took several seconds for my eyes to adjust, and then I started being able to pick out individual shapes in the darkness.
 Alec set me down as Vincent appeared, a towering, furred figure illuminated by the light of the flares that'd been planted on either side of the cleared space.
 His dark eyes drank in the light as he surveyed us with his typical boundless arrogance.

 ...." I gasped................ Vincent, Vincent, Vincent. I couldn't seem to bring myself to shut my eyes. He was beautiful, tall, blond, dark brown........
-
Liz – I want to know.
 Johnny – It’s not worth reading, he just writes about his ‘thoughts’.
 Nothing exciting, just stupid things like whether or not life is a dream.
 He doesn’t even bother to make it coherent, he just dribbles it out using big words.
 Most of those words he doesn’t use correctly.
 Idiot.
 Liz - You mean like his Canadian change theory?
 Jim – They’re damn good ideas.
 And you’re just angry cause you don’t understand words with more than four letters and one syllable.
 And who are you calling idiot?

 . Jim – I did not hear you. Johnny – “Mr’ Jim.” That’s your way of saying. I got it... Johnny – Mr. Jim – I heard you too. Okay... what’s your name? Johnny –
-
Until the pattern became patent and they found the source.” I stared at Ruby, imagining the nameless “others” who’d been taken by her venom before they discovered its root.
 But it was not the idea of those strangers that tightened my chest.
 Poison.
 To her mother.
 Chapter Twelve Unexpected Company
 My dreams were wicked that night, all venom and wolves, snakes and beasts, death and fire.
 I woke in my bed, light filtering in through the window.
 The door was open a crack and I could see Chevelle sitting in the front room.
 I was hesitant to face him.
 I lay there, running back through the events of the night, the stories.

 had spoken to Chevelle, and the stranger had knocked on the door and Chevelle was about to speak to Ruby. I wanted to face him.<eop> But I didn’t. I pushed the door out of the room and ran my way to the kitchen and back into the living room. I
-
"Mmm--this is delicious," Marie told him, closing her eyes with pleasure.
 "You cook better than restaurant chefs."
 "Thank you."
 "If I keep eating like this, I'll get fat."
 "I doubt it."
 He reached for another slice of French bread.
 "But if you want some exercise, I'll show you how to use the treadmill.
 And see if I can find an exercise tape."
 "Treadmill?
 Exercise tape?"

 her head. """""""""""""""""""""""""""" """"""""""". "Oh, that is right." "Where's the
-
THE BREAKING WORLD
 _Dawn of Swords_
 _Wrath of Lions_
 _Blood of Gods_
 * Map Map{{{1 !
 [map](map.png)
 * Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 1
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)
 The two brothers were almost to the wall when the skulls flew overhead.

 _ _ _" _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _<eop> _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _
-
"No--let's go back to the living room."
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "A little.
 I didn't get much sleep last night.
 But I'd rather talk."
 "All right."
 Arm in arm they returned to the living room and sat on the sofa.
 "Can you tell me anything about what happened, darling?
 If you were hurt or starved?"
 Marie sighed, wishing she could tell her mother everything.

 No. "No"" Marie moaned. "I'm fine." """"" "" "" " """" """"" """ " ""." """ "
-
Above the ground floor were huge stained glass windows and arches and on the heights were a series of small towers and domes.
 Rodregas had forgotten how striking the building was and all three stood to admire it for a long moment before moving forward into the inner courtyard.
 In front of the Cathedral set a grandly engraved table of gleaming oak which looked to be more suitable for the dining hall of a noble than in the great courtyard.
 The three men behind the table were clearly Knight Captains of the Order; behind them stood young squires eager to be of service at the word of the knights.
 The knighthood was split into two grand divisions; those with minor sigils who were simply Knights of the Order, and Knights’ Captains, who had gained the greater sigils.
 From their ranks was chosen the Grand Master of the Order, the physical and spiritual leader of the Order of the Soaring Heavens.
 Rodregas’ eyes fell on a man who sat in a beautiful carved chair, a match for the table that sat just behind the knights.
 He was tall and graceful with striking dark eyes and features.
 His long dark hair was pulled back.
 He wore not the clothing of the knights but the robes of an Immortalist Sorcerer.

 realized that in the midst of this, he was seeing a very different sort of a man. He was a member of the Guilds and the Guild of Guild Masters. However, he was not leading the Guilds. He was being led by a very powerful young man. In his place, was
-
“Just what I said, would you like to learn to read?” Rodregas said in a carefully casual voice.
 Doi’van responded, “We don’t have time for me to learn to read.
 You should spend time practicing with these Grimoires.
 It makes no sense to teach me to read when we are likely to see battle too soon for it to be helpful.” Doi’van’s voice, which was always deep, seemed to have gone down several octaves, such that the earth almost seemed to vibrate.
 Somehow, while the conversation on magic Grimoires had been of interest to him, the idea of learning to read seemed to terrify him.
 Rodregas knew the feeling of wanting something so much that you are afraid to accept it when offered, for fear of failing.
 “Well,” Rodregas said, “I think it might come in handy to have you able to read.
 And if we survive the summer and are holed up here all winter, you might be able to start reading some of these books by then.
 I fear that I am not a very good teacher, but I have managed to teach a few soldiers over the years who wanted to learn.” At their nod Rodregas added, “After our noon meal, let’s plan on making it book time.
 We don’t have a decent lamp to read by, so we will have to do it during the day.

 ...” Doivan looked to the side of one of the rooms and said, “Well...well, I don’t know that you will ever have to read the Grimoire again... But, again, if you want to learn to read...”
-
The wife was equally beautiful and they had a slim child named Jorin.
 Rodregas had taken Jorin under his wing.
 He had only been working at Raven Keep for a little over a year at the time and was still learning the names of the prisoners.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin was a good lad, well behaved and bright, and his eyes were eager for signs of hope.
 Rodregas brought him extra food and words of reassurance.
 Ravenhurr had no need for him nor his mother, and he had seen other prisoners who were not of use set free.
 Rodregas had thought that Jorin would also be set free.
 Two months went by and Rodregas had developed a strong fondness for the boy; a few of the guards made jokes that Rodregas had a new pet.
 Rodregas was used to the rough humor of soldiers and let such jokes roll off.
 The night came when the father was taken for the ceremony.

 was, that the father would name the son, for the father, and then for his son, for the father. Rodregas had already known what the son would choose, and at that point that the father was going to choose the name for the son and son. Jorin was a good
-
"I'm afraid--oh."
 It had just now occurred to her that she wouldn't be able to walk in the garden for the whole week they were gone.
 But she just couldn't pass up the chance to go to Hollywood.
 She'd compromise.
 She'd walk today and tomorrow, and if she got back home .
 .
 .
 well, at least she'd be back home.
 That thought filled her with an astonishing sadness.
 Sadness, not just disappointment over Hollywood—-because she'd miss Rick.

 miss,... his company, his company... if he died, he wouldn't be there in her house, in her house, her garden, and she wouldn't be the one to be there. Without her...
-
Johnny – And with the nude pictures…
 Jim - …Uh-huh.
 Johnny – And the mascot costume and the fake blood?
 Jim – He survived the angry mob didn’t he?
 Johnny – But super-powers?
 Jim – They seem to be.
 And if they aren’t, they sure could be.
 Johnny – I’m surprised that he’s survived to be as old as he has.
 Jim – I’m not sure, but I think he’s impervious to bullets too.
 Johnny – Has someone shot at him too?

 – And I’m surprised he can still breathe... Jim – Well, he’s older than he’s. He’s not... And he’t... He just can’t because he’s old... Jim
-
Rodregas then said, “I agree we are just starting to figure out that there is something big going on.
 I can’t believe even the Immortalists would be crazy enough to go up against both the Celestial Gods and the Daemon Lordsof the Infernal though.” Imeralda nodded and said, “What price is so high as to be even better than God hood?” The three sat silent for a few minutes soaking in that question.
 Rodregas looked at Imeralda and asked, “Well, we can’t answer that today, but how did you break Van’dret’s spell?” Imeralda nodded and with a smile said, “I always hoped that if I had to take on a sorcerer it would be in the Forest where I would have an edge, but no, it had to be in a hallway!
 I knew my regular spells; he would counter without a problem.
 So I had to work around the spell.
 The spell was one to hold you from walking or running.
 I actually tried to dance or hop,” she said with a smile.
 “But he was too good, he had those covered.
 But, I have been practicing a spell to float in the air, and that worked.
 The spell was not designed to stop someone from floating in place.

 you know how to break the spell again?” I thought. Well, I have a great idea. Rodregas said, “So, how did you do this?” I shook her head and said, “Well, I was in the Forest, alone. When I got there, there was
-
Qurrah watched as smoke rose from their contact, yet neither flinched.
 When the necromancer drew back his hand, a strange symbol lay overtop the faint scarring of the slanted Y.
 It was of a fallen man wreathed in flame.
 “When you fall, the enchantment upon your forehead shall burn your body to ash.
 Then your soul may find peace.”
 “I shall do as you command,” Ahrqur said in a lifeless voice.
 “Of course,” Velixar said.
 “There is no other way.”
 Ahrqur glanced to Qurrah, and his mouth opened to speak.
 Both Tun brothers felt a bit of panic, wondering what their new master might say if he learned what they had done.

 said nothing,... and he began to cry. The Tun brothers, the Tun brothers, Velixar, Velixar,...., and.. and... and. ..
-
When they growled, it felt like the earth trembled.
 When Rodregas had seen the Dire Cats in their cage he had not been able to imagine a more powerful lion.
 The Celestial Lion was simply breathtaking; almost twice as large as the Dire Cats and even more powerfully built.
 It was not simply size that set him apart however.
 It was a way of moving, a grace that spoke of perfection.
 To look at a Celestial Beast made Rodregas wish he could write poetry like some noble in one of the high western courts; it made him struggle for words that he simply did not have.
 And what did this marvelous beast do?
 Rutted, gorged, and fell asleep ready for the slaughter.
 Rodregas could not help but shake his head at how life can show you miracles that made you want to live again, and that using the same miracle drives home the fact that there is truly no justice to existence.
 His eyes jerked back to Ravenhurr, as the sorcerer made a jerking motion, rising up from his sky tube.

 hurr, who was much more of a small creature, got to his feet, he grabbed the sorcerer with a fist and began leaping from him. Every thing in the sky tube springed up from him, as he jerked, squealed, growled, wailed.<eop>
-
It'd been a fairly slender thread upon which to hang my hopes.
 Somehow my dream of seeing Les Misérables had morphed into a dream of seeing Les Misérables with Rachel.
 We still didn't get to spend much time together, but she was rapidly becoming the only person I could confide in besides Brandon.
 A boyfriend, or near-boyfriend, was nice, but some things just needed to be shared with another female.
 I couldn't tell my mom about my feelings for Brandon or she'd absolutely freak.
 After spending so much time lying to her about the origin of the almost four dozen roses, I couldn't afford any kind of slip in that regard.
 She'd thought the single rose, Lagrimas del Angel, as I was calling it now, had been sweet and thoughtful, especially when I'd told her it was from an anonymous admirer.
 The other roses had been an entirely different matter.
 I'd had to do some pretty quick talking to convince her I didn't know who they were from either.
 All of which meant I still hadn't told her I'd been asked to the Ashure Day Dance.

 had to.......................... I had to go on that day, but...... I could do the whole thing, but I didn't want to do the dance
-
Rick buried his face in her neck.
 Moments later he began kissing and nibbling on her skin.
 "Oh!"
 Rick raised his head to look at her.
 "What's wrong?"
 "N-nothing.
 That .
 .
 .
 that felt good."

 , laughing, """"""" """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
-
Of course, against the Immortalist guards it was a different matter; their armor would stop the arrows.
 And, of course, their weapons would be equally effective against his armor, going through it like butter and into his flesh if he was not fast enough.
 Depending on their sigils, they were likely to be either faster or stronger or both.
 But Rodregas’ short swords would not cut their armor.
 It put them at an extreme disadvantage.
 As the arrows flew over his head, he became aware of the other disadvantage of bows.
 They were dealing with a limited supply of arrows; once the arrows where all shot, they lost their main advantage.
 Rodregas heard the noise of the first soldier to rush from the road; he went low and swung hard.
 Rodregas hit knee high and the man trying to run by went flying head first into the dirt.
 Rodregas knew from the feel of the blow that his sword had hit armor and bounced off.

 gas grabbed a rock and ran to blow his sword away. It took a few seconds, and the other man was right away.<eop> Rodregas was the first to run from the road. He ran so fast that his head was down and his sword was trying to blow his sword away. He
-
My first kegger had just officially started.
 Cassie showed up in a white pickup a few minutes after the beer started flowing, and popped the panel covering the bed, revealing an astounding row of speakers that promptly started spewing an aggressive mix of drums, guitars and synthesized notes that made Brandon's usual mixes sound like Christmas carols.
 In short order there was a roaring fire going, despite the fact it wasn't really cold yet, and people started congregating in groups to talk or dance depending on their preference.
 Brandon seemed to be one of the former.
 Dragging along behind him as he slowly worked his way through a third of the school was extremely boring.
 I honestly couldn't think of a less entertaining way to spend an evening, but I wasn't ready to join the dancers.
 Most of them seemed to be rapidly losing key items of clothing, and all of them were dancing so close it was hard to tell where one person ended and the other began.
 As Brandon handed me another cup of beer, which I started slowly pouring out on the ground as soon as his back was turned, the loneliness really started to hit me.
 It would be bearable if I had a friend other than Brandon.
 It might even be fun to sit back and laugh at some of the antics making an appearance as people got more and more wasted.

 ..... isn't even a good idea, but if I had a friend to spend the night with............. it was definitely time to rest for a bit until the next morning. Every so once in a little while, I
-
Their mom, Evelyn, called the hospital and learned that Eric was in the operating room, and that no visitors could see him that day.
 She tried to feed and comfort us.
 After those attempts failed, she gave us ten dollars and a shopping list.
 After we staggered through the aisles at the grocery store and delivered the bags to Evelyn, we drove up Mount Helix to the highest place in our town and paced around the big cross in the mountaintop park, staring all around at Mexico, the Pacific, and the Laguna Mountains.
 Every few minutes one of us would offer a reason why Eric couldn’t possibly die.
 He was the strongest person we knew.
 He was only seventeen.
 People needed him.
 We needed him.
 Around noon, I mentioned how stricken Mrs. Bole had looked.

 cried. She how devastated I was. She told me how happy Eric was back. I mentioned how ungreaved I was.................................
-
I do not want to fail him.
 That is all that matters.
 We must not fail.”
 Aurelia had heard enough.
 She knew their roles, the balance and position of their hearts.
 It was absurd, poor souls without a home, family, or position to be speaking of power and obligation.
 Her hatred of their unknown master grew.
 He was a puppet-master, and her dear friend was one of his puppets.
 If they still doubted, even for a moment, perhaps she could save them.
 Perhaps there was still time to pull them from the necromancer’s cold fingers.

 to hold their hearts, time to hold the undead hand, still time to touch the un-dead hand, still time to hold their hearts, time to hold the dead hand, and finally, time to resist the charms of evil. Aurelia had time to be with them.<eop>
-
“Very nice today, Frey,” he observed.
 I smiled and he added, “You seem to be a natural.” I snorted.
 Across the fire, Grey leaned over to speak in Ruby’s ear.
 Steed noticed me scrutinize them, so I asked, “Are they… together?” I was confident in Grey’s affection, but they didn’t act like a traditional pair.
 Steed sighed as we watched them.
 “No.” There seemed to be more to his answer.
 “But he…” I wasn’t sure how to phrase it.
 “Yes.” Steed glanced back at me when he spoke.
 “But you can’t always have the one you want, Frey.” His voice was soft, yearning.
 I could never tell if he was teasing.

 I asked how he was feeling, he asked if I wanted to reassure him. I just nodded. “I know...” Steed smiled at me again before he leaned into the fire. “I was hoping... But you can’t always be a perfect...”
-
He swallowed the last of his tea.
 "Why don't we go buy you an outfit or two?"
 "I can't.
 I didn't bring any money with me.
 Would it be accepted now, anyway?"
 "Actually, it would probably be very valuable.
 You never see any money that old in circulation because coin collectors have it all.
 But you don't need any money.
 I'll buy what you need."
 "No.

 """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""If I don't have as much money I can, bring me a hat,""""""
-
He pointed into the darkness.
 “There,” he said.
 “He returns.”
 Robed in black, the figure approached unseen by the guards.
 He lifted his hands, which shone a pallid white in the fading moonlight.
 So very slowly their color faded, from white, to gray, to nothing, a darkness surrounding and hiding them.
 “What’s going on?” Harruq asked.
 He pulled one of his swords out from its sheath, pleased by the feeling of confidence it gave him.
 Qurrah said not a word.
 His eyes were far away, and his lips moved but produced no sound.

 turned to the swords; he turned, turned to him, to him. He then turned to Qurrah. He turned, turned to him, to him. He then turned to him, to Qurrah. He turned to him, turned to him, to Qurrah, to Qurrah,
-
He has assigned her tasks, Rune watching over her, testing her.
 It’s just as Junnie feared—just what he’d done to my mother.
 I will find a way to stop him.
 ~ The elders are keeping Freya now.
 Guards have been assigned to me.
 Like a prison.
 ~ I killed three guards to get to her.
 We only had a moment before I was torn away from her, yet I feel I got the message through.
 ~ She came to see me last night.
 I don’t know how she got past the guards.

 her. She came to see Freya today. She went to one of the healers, and she pulled me up in front of her. I went with her. I sent the message to the elders, and I will be back to find Freya. I wonder if she’’s going
-
With every step, Seth’s hand inched closer to his sword.
 Emily cracked her knuckles quietly and held them stiff at her sides.
 Her face was determined, but I saw her eyes flicker.
 Jason flicked out his knives and held them so tightly that his knuckles were white.
 If he gripped any harder, I was afraid he would snap his fingers off.
 And, me?
 I pulled an arrow out faster than you could say oh-my-god-there’s-a-hideous-monster-coming-to-whip-our-butts.
 And then I launched it.
 The arrow shot at Kojas, speeding through the air.
 But what did Kojas do?

 at him, and Kojas tensed up. He stood up and stomped to the ground again. Now, the arrow was coming toward Kojas. Now, there was no time to wait. Now, it was coming at him. Kojas slammed to the ground. I watched
-
Rodregas dropped into his cot tired and exhausted.
 Even with his healing sigil he had needed a full night’s rest, but duty did not wait for what a man needed.
 Imeralda woke him slightly after dawn, and Rodregas could tell that both she and Doi’van had spent the few hours left of the night working on what was left of their equipment.
 The tear in both his leather shirt and chain were sewn up, the first with thread the second with steel wire.
 For a mace, Doi’van had bought a piece of round solid steel from the smithy.
 It was a crude thing but of the proper size to qualify for the tournament.
 He dressed and ate quickly, and walked out to the sands of the arena.
 The arena smelled fresh.
 Sometime during the night it must have rained and young squires had raked the sands.
 The final competition of the tournament was a true melee.

 res, s swords, swords, squireres, squireres, s swords, squires pounded the ground in the lee battle, and then ran into the dry sands of the sands of the arena.
-
No, there are a lot of well-read pop stars.
 Ask them.
 Don’t ask me about anyone else.
 CM: 	Why do they call you the Pasternak of Pop?
 BG: 	(long laughter)
 Day Two
 Creole Myers:  	In looking back at what we’ve covered before, what we discussed yesterday, it seems scattered.
 What I’d like to do is take a more systematic approach today.
 Try to get a coherence, a sense of narrative out of your story.
 So, I’d like you to start at the beginning.

 , let’s start at.......... I’d like to start back to the beginning, OK, let’s start at the beginning. I’d like you to start at the beginning, start the beginning, start at the beginning, start at the
-
In answer, the man in black stood.
 His eyes flared and his arms spread wide.
 All his power rolled forth, and on trembling knees the half-orc looked upon a man more ancient than the forests, more powerful than the fury of nature, and more death than life.
 “My life for you,” he gasped as a fresh wave of terror crawled over him.
 “I would have it no other way,” the man in black said.
 “Now tell me your name.”
 “I am Qurrah Tun.”
 “And I am Velixar.
 Rise, Qurrah, and join me by the fire.
 Ever since I felt your presence back at Veldaren, I have yearned to speak with you.”

 you, Dr. Tun. I am my brother. I am I, my son, and I am my ally.” “I........ I.......................
-
Everyone who was recognized for reaching a new level of their treatment was welcome to speak if they wished.
 Those who were in the program longer were more likely to do so, thanking others (both students and staff) for helping them through their most difficult challenges.
 Some were very emotional and some were humorous, all were heartfelt and meaningful descriptions of their individual challenges to reach that next level.
 It was clear that everyone here, whether they were staff or student, had the ability to impact anyone they touched.
 When the moment arrived for this evening’s three graduates to speak, a young lady in her early twenties walked to the front of the room with her head down.
 When she looked up, she smiled nervously.
 She had no family present.
 She told everyone how her mother told her how ugly she was her whole life and told her she was worthless, how she attempted to numb the pain with the drugs she took.
 How she became addicted to the drugs, and prostituted herself to pay for her habit.
 She said that she took all the drugs she could because she knew she would never be alive to see her twenty-first birthday.

 the room told everyone that she had lost her hair for the twenty-eight years. She described how she and her mother tried to numb the pain in her body, how her mother told her she was worthless and that she was worthless because she was ugly and how it scared her to lose her hair.
-
Better than My Mother the Car, or whatever.
 I mean (laughs), c’mon, look at all the space that fucker took up and all it did was play the radio or your LPs.
 Funny, looking back on it.
 I only remember my mother playing Englebert Humperdink.
 I still love “Please Release Me,” man, that song makes me cry.
 And those old big band records.
 Shit, I like that old stuff, Glenn Miller, the Dorseys.
 Later, I got into FM 100, when it was a force, when it played stuff that inspired.
 They played us, I think the first place to play us.
 Anyway, ha, that stereo.

 ha, that stereo. Ah, ’mon, I still love the LPs, I love the radios, I love those old records. Ah, ha. Oh, ha, ’mon, oh, ha, I love the radio. Oh... I love the radio
-
I’m not really that interesting.
 Karen – You like the comic Sumo Assassin, that in itself if interesting.
 Jim – You’ve heard of Sumo Assassin?
 Karen – I’ve actually read a couple different issues.
 Jim – What did you think?
 Karen – It was the worst thing I’ve ever had the poor judgment to start reading.
 It comes in just after supermarket tabloids.
 Jim – Tabloids?
 You’ve never read the special edition series or Sumo Assassin, it’s even worse than most tabloids, they don’t even bother to make full sentences or finish thoughts.
 Which is damn near impossible to accomplish without trying to do so.

 Karen – Well, that’s okay, I don’t have the sense to read comics. Jim – You don’t have to worry. I have read the comic, Assassin. I’ve read the comic Assassin.<eop><eod> – The Screw (
-
I somehow knew she was just seconds away from springing when the sound of running footsteps caused all three to turn.
 Alec appeared around the corner, followed by Isaac, just a split second before Brandon sauntered into view from the opposite direction.
 The tingly feeling grew exponentially more powerful with so many more shape shifters present.
 Rubbing my arms did nothing to ward off the feeling that entire colonies of insects were skittering across my skin.
 Mr. Rindell's appearance forestalled what I'd been sure would turn into a full-blown fight.
 He sized up the situation with the canny eye of an educator who'd seen more fights over his career than most gang leaders.
 "Class is about to start, and if every one of you isn't where you're supposed to be before the bell rings, you'll have detention for the next month."
 Vincent's hiss was still almost inaudible.
 "This isn't over."
 I felt my knees almost collapse as the two packs slowly backed away from each other, and Jasmin joined me inside the classroom.

 was the same room, with the cafeteria door just around the corner. Vincent and Brandon were camped out on the other side of the room, and walked down to the cafeteria on the other side of campus. At the other end of the room though, we were going to be separated from Isaac and
-
The forest was too far, and all about was shin-high grass.
 “No choice,” he gasped.
 His entire right half of his body ached.
 “Celestia, grant me mercy.
 I cannot go further.”
 He stumbled to the ground.
 His face and armor were camouflaged with greens and browns, but just grass would make it difficult to go unnoticed.
 Still, he had no choice but to try.
 He tucked his bow beneath him and then smashed his face into the dirt while sprinkling grass atop his head.
 He shifted his legs back and forth until as much grass sprang up around them as possible.

 to the ground and brought his bow to his face, still covered by grass. He opened up his eyes and opened his mouth, but the intense scent of burning grass pushed him to the side. He reached up awkwardly and lowered his bow and then pressed his face to the ground until he could see
-
Thin scars and symbols decorated his body, including a slanted Y across his forehead.
 Thirteen stones surrounded the corpse, each dabbed with a bit of Qurrah’s blood.
 Velixar held a piece of Ahrqur’s flesh in his right hand.
 “Are you ready?” Velixar asked his disciple.
 “Yes, master,” Qurrah said.
 The elder necromancer crushed the flesh in his grip, signaling the start of his casting.
 Dark, slithering words flowed from his lips, ominous in the starlight.
 As the minutes passed, the blood on the stones began to glow.
 Qurrah took up his own chant, a single phrase he was to repeat so that the spirit of Ahrqur could not flee once Velixar summoned it.
 “ _Drak thun, drak thaye, kaer vrek thal luen,_ ” he chanted.

 the,, drak tha,, drak thaye,", drak thun,", the s, the, the., the.", the s, the, the., the. The
-
I grabbed Brandon's arm and shook it to get his attention.
 "Did he just say they were drawing for free tickets?"
 Brandon looked slightly amused.
 Cassie, who I'd just interrupted, looked very much not amused.
 "I think so.
 I wasn't paying very close attention, but I think he did."
 The sound that came out of my mouth was disturbingly close to a squeal, but I was too excited to care.
 I waved goodbye as I stood and headed towards the doors.
 Amazingly enough, there was already a line in the office by the time I got there.
 Either the nerds who liked musicals didn't actually eat in the lunchroom, or some of the people who maintained a cool, disinterested facade actually wanted to see it.

 myself to my feet and gave a little laugh as I headed towards the doors because I knew there wasn't actually a line at all there. Unfortunately, I didn't see a line at the office either. This was a good thing, or rather I should say...I was not
-
I felt him shift, waving a hand as several lanterns around the main room lit, giving off a soft glow.
 He indicated a door on the rear wall.
 “Your room.” I drew back my hood, nodding.
 “I have some business to take care of before we move on.” Move on?
 So this wasn’t our destination.
 Or did he mean back to the village?
 He continued, apparently not noticing my perplexed expression as my mind ran through a list of possible scenarios.
 “The pouch from the vault.
 There was a stone in it.” It was clear he was asking for the ruby, but I wasn’t sure why.
 I didn’t think I had much choice in the matter, given that I was a criminal, but could come up with no real reason to fight it.

 my head as I felt compelled to say something to myself. Stop it, stop. This isn’t it. Can’t be it. It just isn’t here. There isn’t time to get to it. There is none of it. I can’t get to it.
-
The material was thin, and they all had plunging necklines, and some were cut so that the edge of the leg hole was almost as high as the arm hole.
 But she managed to find two, one red and one black with pink flowers, that were less shocking than the others and took them to the dressing room.
 These weren't going to work.
 She'd chosen the two with the least amount of décolletage, and they still wouldn't work.
 They wouldn't completely hide her chest binding.
 She left the dressing room shaking her head.
 "These don't fit, Rick."
 "Are they too big?"
 "No.
 They're .

 <eop> "<eop> "<eop> "<eop> "<eop> ""<eop> "<eop> ""<eop>  ""<eop> "<eop> """<eop> ""<eop> ""<eop> <eop> "<eop> "<eop> "<eop> "<eop>
-
Jobs or livelihood for all must be the bottom line of all development, technological and trade policies.
 It will be necessary for governments to elevate employment to the top of their policy agenda and dedicate themselves to the vital task of achieving full employment.
 The Right to Employment
 The Commission’s report called for urgent action to address the problem of rising unemployment and presented a comprehensive set of strategies designed to promote full employment in both developed and developing countries.
 The centre-piece of ICPF’s approach is the assertion that employment must be recognized as a fundamental human right, the economic equivalent of the right to vote.
 As the electoral franchise is the basis for the legitimacy and operation of democracy, access to gainful employment constitutes the economic franchise that lends legitimacy and functionality to a market economy.
 The right to employment must be constitutionally guaranteed to enable all citizens to exercise their fundamental right to food and health security and a share in national well-being.
 ICPF’s view called into question the blind faith in the wisdom of the unregulated market that was prevalent during the heady days of radical free-market economic doctrine following the collapse of the Soviet system.
 Critics claimed that achievement of full employment was impractical and therefore guaranteeing it was impossible.
 In response, the Commission argued that the level of employment in any society is the direct result of a nation’s laws, policies and modes of implementing them, not the result of impersonal forces of nature beyond human control.

 , employment must be recognized as fundamental, economic and political, and as the electoral franchise’s guarantee to freedom, democracy and development, all citizens have the right to food, housing, health security, and opportunities to enjoy a share of national economic, social and political well--being and to the
-
“Run west, and don’t look back!” A horrible shriek of pain tore his attention past them to a circle of torches, held by the gathered defenders of the small village.
 He kissed his sword as he approached, horrified by the massacre he saw in the dim light.
 A great half-orc bore down on a strong child of thirteen that Jeremiah knew well.
 Strength in fields and spirit meant little compared to the might of a warrior conducting the dark god’s power.
 Condemnation tore through his rusted sickle, cut his arm from his body, and then hooked around, severing his ankles.
 The boy fell, dying in four pieces.
 Jeremiah knew then he would enter the golden eternity before the dawn.
 Someone swung a torch while another man thrust his short sword.
 The half-orc shattered the sword with a savage swipe while ignoring the torch as it smashed across his leather armor.
 He roared as he chopped that man’s head into pieces.

 men, and men, men, men, ran to large groups of men – a man, a man, a young man, a man, a young man, a man, a man, and his wife, a man, a woman. Jeremiah riddled his young body with a knife.
-
“Oh, but I think you are,” she said.
 “Since you’re down here, how about I—”
 “I’m fine.
 I’m fine.” Harruq sat up, breathing heavily even though the sparring match had been relatively casual.
 The elf smirked and trotted away.
 “Hey, Aurelia,” Harruq said.
 “Yes, Harruq?” She turned around.
 Harruq tapped his fingers against the hilts of his swords and glanced about the clearing.
 “I…‌you still want to hear that story?” he asked.
 The playful atmosphere vanished into the trees.

 was............. what the the heck. I... what was that.” “Yes!”... “I don’t want to tell you, but I’m sure you want to tell me
-
It was incredibly obvious, all the while making absolutely no sense.
 He was obviously uncomfortable this morning, just like you'd expect from someone who was in the unenviable position of telling off a borderline psychopath.
 Everything I'd seen substantiated Brandon's explanation, but why would Jasmin become so enamored of someone so average-looking?
 Not only that, what were the odds Ben was one of the eight males in America who would decide they weren't interested in dating the most gorgeous girl on the planet, even if she was a nut case?
 I was still trying to sort out all the pieces when Brandon fished his cell phone out of a pocket and checked the time.
 In an amazing display of herd behavior, thirty seconds later his friends had all disappeared, and he was standing to leave.
 "We should do this more often.
 I'll see you tomorrow."
 The words were innocent enough, but there was something in his eyes that made a rush of warmth shoot through me.
 Britney was so excited she could hardly speak, but I was too excited myself to feel very superior.

 ......"......"...."....."<eop> "No. There was a new guy in the room..........".....".....
-
And she was 32!"
 "Don't watch that garbage.
 Those people are poor and uneducated and have no morals, and people watch that stuff to be horrified and make fun of them.
 Most people aren't like that."
 "But-but .
 .
 .
 there was this other type of picture.
 One woman was expecting a baby and didn't know whether her husband or her father-in-law was the father!
 Another man was on trial for the murder of his sister's beau, and a woman had been kidnapped--" "A soap opera."

 "There was... a soap opera, a soap opera drama," """" soap opera, """""" soap opera," """" soap opera drama... and it was terrible, and there
-
The restaurant was a perfect choice.
 She just hoped he was taking her dancing after dinner.
 "Ready for dessert?"
 Davis asked her as the waiter removed their plates.
 "Not now, thank you.
 I don't want to be too full for dancing.
 We are going dancing, aren't we?"
 "If you like.
 But I'd still like you to have some dessert."
 He reached into his breast pocket.

 """""" """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
-
“This does not concern you, elf,” said one of the guards.
 Harruq coughed at this.
 The woman saving him was an elf?
 Had the world turned upside down?
 “Oh really?” Aurelia said.
 “How sad.”
 “We said go, now, or else.”
 “Or else what?”
 The sword point left Harruq’s neck, and he assumed the guard made a threatening gesture.
 The next few seconds were a jumble.

 go, he thought.<eop> In the next instant, the room was a mash of chaos and order, however. The guards turned to Aurelia and said, “I asked you... how to save him... and you know that you can’t do this.”
-
You had plenty to say about someone as you slept.
 You mentioned how his mouth tasted… muscles under his shirt.
 And, well, I was curious just who you meant.” No.
 “It couldn’t have been Chevelle; you should have seen his face.
 He was livid.” No.
 “Steed was certainly enjoying it, but, my dear, he won’t spill the secret to me.
 Whose strong back were you wrapped around, whose dark eyes—” I was mortified.
 There was nowhere to go, it was too much, and it turned to fury as she continued.
 I snapped.
 The flames that had been coursing through me burst in my hands.

 inside me.<eop>.................... – it was not about the tits. It was not about the man. It was about the
-
She spends half of her time in a different universe entirely, and only occasionally worries about the same kinds of things as other parents."
 "Ah, a dreamer, but one who still freaks out when it comes to her daughter and boys.
 Maybe she was just struck by my obvious good nature."
 I shook my head as we pulled into the parking lot.
 "Please.
 You're just about everything she's worried about in a guy.
 Rich, handsome, popular.
 The only thing you could change to scare her worse would be to join the football team and be the star quarterback."
 His smile was so beautiful it made my heart ache.
 "Well, in that case I'm glad I never tried out for the varsity team.

 , "'., "., "", "., "., "..., "., "', "", "..... '., ".." He smiled,
-
A life given to Karak.
 An orcish life.
 The icy fingers left his forehead.
 “It is a select few who have received such a gift,” Velixar said in the quiet night.
 “You have heard the voice of the dark god himself.
 Now tell me, what is it you saw?”
 “Please, brother,” Qurrah said.
 “I need to know.”
 Harruq stared at the dirt, each breath making his shoulders heave.
 His mind reeled, and for reasons he did not understand, he opened his mouth and said, “That which I fear and desire.

 ................ that I wish not to see... that which I want to hear.” Turning, Harruq placed a hand on his forehead again. “That I wish to see........
-
Jim – (hands him a comic book) Sumo Assassin?
 Johnny – What do you think that’ll help?
 Jim – I find Skinny’s antics to be uplifting in times of sorrow.
 Well except for the time that he managed to run himself over with the Sumo-mobile.
 That was depressing.
 Johnny – How did he do that?
 Jim – Well he’s not the brightest side-kick out there.
 Johnny – Then why does would anyone keep him around?
 Jim – A couple reasons, first he can fit into places that a five hundred pound sumo wrestler would never be able to go.
 That and well just look at his costume.

 look at the picture posted on the facebook, Skinny’s.......,.,., Skinny’s..............................
-
Every agency we contacted seemed to be selling something, and they were pushy and wanted money transferred to them now, offering to pick Brandon up immediately.
 We felt like we were buying a used car from some slickster.
 We didn’t have the money for what most of these places cost but we knew he needed their help or he could be just another statistic.
 This was so far out of our realm of understanding and far from our abilities to negotiate.
 A maze of tangled claims and questionable results.
 Brandon also needed to be available to the narcotics officers to fulfill his end of a bargain he had struck with them during his brief incarceration.
 We decided to try to detox him as long as it took for him to get his arrangement with the narcotics officers completed, and then we would continue to find a state run program to admit him or reach our hands out to our family, who until now had primarily been kept in the dark.
 We were desperate for professional help.
 Chapter 16: The Law Brandon had been set up by another drug dealer.
 This person had called our son from a wired phone while Brandon was with his mother— that so-called errand was a drug deal.

 , who was still with him, and told him she was going to hook him up to the drug dealer. In order to be released he signed a contract directly with the dealer and arranged with the drug dealer to pay him the fee.<eop> Brandon agreed to the drug deal, and had a number of
-
War and economic development co-existed and sometimes complemented each other.
 Technological progress increased defensive and offensive capabilities.
 The demands of war and the associated destruction stimulated greater economic activity and spurred organizational innovation, especially for the benefit of those not directly engaged in the conflict.
 Guns were one of the first products of mass production.
 In the modern era, society has become the principle target and victim of war.
 With the advent of the Industrial Revolution, technology and economic activity in support of fighting forces became an increasingly significant factor.
 As a result, more and more effort was directed at eliminating or crippling the enemy’s economic and industrial capacity and the ‘national will’ to wage war.
 Targeting of civilian populations became increasingly common.
 In the two world wars in this century, opposing sides waged all-out war against the military, political, economic and social resources and capacities of the enemy society.
 The strategic bombings of the Second World War, the fire-bombing of Tokyo, and the nuclear devastation of Hiroshima and Nagasaki took this concept to the extreme.

 of the Second World War and the demands of waging war led to the idea of what a Second World War was. The demands of war damaged the economic military, political, and social capacities. War brought on the economic, cultural, military resources, and military, political, economic and social capacities of the
-
But nothing prepared me for what happened.
 I had been walking when the pain struck—pacing my room with worry, if I were truthful.
 It hit suddenly, a stabbing, ripping, horrible thing.
 My screams called everyone to order, but then it subsided.
 However, it was only long enough to catch my breath and then it was back tenfold.
 I writhed in agony.
 Nothing they did would help.
 I could not control my magic; it shattered most of the things on the nearby table and twice caught the bedding afire.
 The elders were frantic, which only frightened me more.
 I had never seen them agitated.

 them, the maids and the elders and housekeepers, the housekeepers, the husbands and housekeepers. They were there to see and take care of the elders and the elders and the wives and the wives and the housekeepers. They were there to help them and
-
The end of the Cold War was expected to usher in an age of peace, but actually violence is on the rise in both developing and developed countries because of the widening gap between human expectations and achievements.
 This growing gap between expectations and achievements is at the root of contemporary turbulence worldwide.
 The popular and some times violent demand for freedom and participatory democracy, the return of religion in politics, surging ethno-nationalism and intolerance, and rising urban crime are disparate expressions of this phenomenon.
 In Eastern Europe, where a peaceful revolution from within has broken the shackles of statism that long confined the energies of people, these energies now surge forward in high and eager expectations of a better life.
 Already there are growing signs of impatience, disappointment and frustration arising from the greater hardships that have come in place of the greater benefits that all expected.
 It is essential that these energies be channelled into constructive pursuits that generate tangible improvements.
 Otherwise they may recoil from the effort and look backwards to a failed system or be guided by false prophets on a path that once again poses a threat to other nations.
 The phenomenon of growing violence in an age of increasing affluence seems to contradict the thesis that poverty is one of the major causes of violence, until we realize that the increasingly visible signs of prosperity the world over raise the expectations and aggravate the sense of deprivation and revolt among those that have been by-passed by the general progress.
 Greater political and social freedom can only further magnify this tendency.
 This suggests that violence at the international, national and community levels cannot and will not be eradicated before poverty itself has been abolished, and that, if poverty is left unaddressed at its source, further economic progress is likely further to aggravate conflict in society, unless we are able to extend the benefits of progress to everyone.

 we know that people are competing in both economic and social pursuits, and due to the vulnerability of individuals to this competition, this contributes to the growth of violence, poverty and extremism throughout the Western world.<eop><eod> This post has been set up to reflect on our hopes and dreams of the future,
-
[section break](break.png)
 “Wake up, Qurrah.”
 The half-orc lifted his eyelids to see the thoroughly unwelcoming sight of Velixar frowning down at him.
 “Yes, master?” he asked, puzzled, for it was still before dawn.
 He had slept no more than a few hours, he figured.
 “Who is it your brother travels with now?” Velixar asked.
 “You say he has abandoned you, but to whom?”
 “An elf named Aurelia,” Qurrah said as he sat up.
 He rubbed his eyes, still feeling groggy.
 “Why do you ask?”

 back at the elf. She smiled, and he slipped back into the room to return to the chamber. The door was open on the left side of the corridor............... It was Velixar,
-
The music of the planets.
 I listened to it alone in my parent’s living room, hearing sounds that transformed me as surely as did Lorelei, the finding of my own voice.
 “Talkin World War III Blues” was beyond my ken.
 I thought, perhaps, my head would explode.
 I didn’t understand.
 In my reptile brain I have also the memory of my friend Ricky Adams’ big brother having “folk” albums, some by a handsome, young, angular-faced singer named Bob Dylan, whose songs were meant as social anthems, wrong-righters.
 I didn’t know what to make of these threnodies.
 They were so stark, so naked.
 It was just a man’s voice, crying in the wilderness.
 This must have been shit, what?

 didn’t understand it either. I just couldn’t clear my head. I thought, maybe I would.<eop> And then I could hear the rhythms of the planets. The sounds of the music, the sounds of the voices, the voices. It was weird, damn it. It was
-
I prepared myself emotionally for another unpredictable evening.
 I was told to meet the officers at a different location behind a nearby grocery store near the loading dock and trash bins.
 I arrived promptly, eager to get this thing done, and was immediately disappointed to learn that there would be a delay getting the crew together as they had just busted an Ecstasy dealer and part of the crew was stuck hauling, booking and questioning him.
 I was irritated as they wired me up in anticipation of the bust.
 The officers then recorded my call to Ashley where I told her my wife had me watching the kids and unavailable until she returned, so I’d call her in a while.
 I was buying an unknown amount of time while keeping Ashley and Steve on the hook.
 So while I am standing in the lot wired up, not able to call my wife, not able to go anyplace myself, some of the officers take orders for a hamburger run!
 I am now beyond irritated, as their lackadaisical attitude could equal another disappointment and a setback for the mission to get my son on with his life and out of a possible prison sentence.
 They asked me what I wanted from the nearby hamburger joint as they relayed orders to another officer via a cell phone.
 I wanted nothing!

 to my wife and I agreed to meet my wife. The officers then moved back to the loading dock and over to the trash can, trying to get Ashley back on the line. Ashley was still at a standstill in my presence and I was not able to get the other officer on the phone.<eop>
-
Obviously, people acted so boorishly because they weren't as cool or enlightened as me.
 During mass, I considered the priest's accent monotonous and uninspired, as though after forty years of mouthing the same lines, it all sounded to him like blah blah blah.
 Attending Catholic services, communion tries my patience, as I'm not allowed to participate.
 But while a young woman read, “He took bread, gave thanks and broke it and gave it to them, saying, ‘This is my body given for you.
 Do this in remembrance .
 .
 .’” and the choir chanted, “Sing hallelujah to the Lord” a breath of Spirit touched me.
 Through all the minutes while wafers got distributed, I heard a small voice reminding me that I ought to pluck the log out of my own eye.
 So I was slightly less mean by the time Mother Teresa walked to the altar.
 In strong yet gentle English, she said, “Let us ask Our Lady to give us her heart, so that we will offer service to the poorest of the poor.” Neither weathered skin nor stooped shoulders could alter the beauty she exhibited, as she recited from the Gospel of Matthew.

 I was not going to like her as I was back in the time of the apostles, but I was going to be with her.... She was the embodiment of the life of Jesus, who was at the right hand of the Lord and at the foot of the cross
-
"He's right, Adriana.
 You need to be home in case your mom returns sooner than expected.
 Things are going to get plenty weird enough over the next couple of weeks.
 You don't want to start out with your mom already mad at you."
 Feeling very small inside at the thought of going back by myself, I nodded.
 Alec apparently read the meaning of my sudden change in expression.
 "Don't worry; I'm not going to send you back alone.
 We'll make sure nothing happens to you."
 Too scared to even muster a "yeah right, they all hate me," I simply waited while Alec flipped open an ultra-slender cellphone, and made two calls.
 He spoke too quietly for me to make out exactly what was being said.

 Yes," he said, then "Yes, yes, yes yes, yes," he said, then "Yes" and then "Yes," and he said. "Yes, yes, "yes," he said. "You can go back to your
-
Although the knife had pierced the leather weave, the tip penetrated less than an inch.
 Rodregas gritted his teeth and pulled the knife free.
 From the feel of its balance, it was not a real fighting weapon, but only a simple utility knife.
 Rather than try to use the unfamiliar weapon that was slick with his blood, he threw it into the dark.
 Quickly Rodregas remembered he was in a fight for his life.
 He backed up from his confused opponents and gave himself more space.
 It was the middle of the night and there was only a sliver of moon, but he could still make out the forms of his attackers; there were four of them.
 No, a fifth stood away from the others and watched.
 The one who had stabbed him had the most aggressive posture: he looked tall and strong; Rodregas knew he had to take him out quickly so he moved in hard.
 None of the attackers seemed to be wearing armor nor did they have any weapons, other than the largest man, who held what looked to be a garden rake.

 regas pulled from the grip of the garden rake, and into the darkness in front of him, he saw a knife, a simple utility knife. He drew a second knife from the back of him, like one of the assailants, he also had his sword drawn, and a hilt
-
He reached out and grabbed Doi’van’s forearm and gripped it in the handshake of warriors and said, “You have spoken to me honestly.
 I will honor that with my own honesty.
 I don’t know exactly how I ended up in this body, but I do know that I killed Ravenhurr, and I killed his bastard assistant, Korin.
 The Immortalists are a sore on the world.
 Their use of others’ bodies and power and their very way of life is abhorrent.” Rodregas looked Doi’van in the eyes and said, “The name I was born with is Rodregas.
 When I decided to kill Ravenhurr, I promised the gods that if they let me survive, I would take on the duty of killing the Immortalists.
 It is a duty that I know will end in my death.
 There are hundreds of Immortalists.
 Some almost as powerful as gods, but it is a good death and one I have chosen.” Rodregas paused and looked at Doi’van’s features.
 They were brutish and rough by human standards, but his instincts said that this man was honest, and he added, “If for a while you wish to share my duty and fight at my side, then we walk a path bathed in the Celestial light.” Rodregas had spoken slowly and clearly so Doi’van would understand the depth of what he said.

 , and then moved his hands to the side. When he finished with his words, he stood at the far end of the path and folded his arms and said, “I choose to fight with the gods against you, you will not be the same as you were before me. And that is the
-
The two brothers lived in the poorest part of town, sheltered in an old building long abandoned.
 When they had first arrived, several homeless men claimed it as their own.
 Harruq had slit their throats when they slept and then Qurrah worked his art.
 The few vagabonds left in the city quickly learned to avoid the worn building marked by holes in its roof and long shadows that lingered no matter where the sun shone.
 Harruq shoved open the door and then halted as he breathed in the stuffy air.
 “Nothing like home, eh?” he said.
 “Move, before the meat spoils,” Qurrah said.
 The big half-orc stepped out of the way.
 Qurrah came through, carrying a slab of meat in his hands.
 He weaved across the missing planks in the floor and sat next to a small circle of stones.

 a bit of movement, the half-orc grabbed the meat, pulled it up under him and walked over to one of the other small stones and twisted it into a stone. Sitting on the rug, he watched the meat lay next to him. “Come over here, boy,” he said
-
In less than a heartbeat, I was standing over the rocks in the opposite direction, Ruby before me, red curls blocking my view, arms outstretched in readiness.
 Steed and Chevelle were at opposite angles in front of us, both tensed, even more so than they had been in their bout.
 I peered around Ruby’s mane to see what they were focused on.
 In front of our triangle, directly ahead of Ruby, stood a reedy, blond elf, draped in the long white robe and tassels of council.
 I felt sickened as I absorbed the idea that a council member—is he a tracker?—had been behind me as we were all engrossed in a trivial match.
 He was frozen, unmistakable agony distorting his features.
 I didn’t know which of the group were restraining him, but Anvil and Grey flanked him, Rhys and Rider a distance behind with their dogs.
 The man seemed to be attempting to speak but couldn’t get the words out.
 His hair was so pale, robe stark in the moonlight, that I became aware of how quickly I’d grown accustomed to the dark features of my new companions.
 Chevelle mumbled something but I couldn’t make it out.

 , sitting next to me, twitched in the corner of the rocks. I reached for the others to hold me upright, and I dropped to my knees. It wasn’t a long time, I was returned to the same spot, except I was standing in the corner.<eop><eod> I have
-
None of which helped me feel any more comfortable in the tight, strapless wonder Rachel had been so excited to give me.
 Even with all of the weight I'd lost since the accident, it still felt like the material was fighting a losing battle to stretch itself over my frame.
 I'd been hoping to be able to put off actually putting the dress on for at least another half hour, but when my makeup had finally been pronounced satisfactory, Jasmin had studied me for a few minutes, pulled my hair back, secured it with a pair of silver combs I was worried might actually contain genuine diamonds, and then helped Rachel cram me into the dress.
 If Jessica hadn't grudgingly complimented me on just how good my hair looked, I might have suspected Jasmin was trying to purposefully make me look worse than the other girls.
 Dominic and Rachel had to tell me I looked good, that was an unwritten girl-rule regardless of what species you were.
 Jessica had no such imperative, so I was forced to conclude Jasmin had done the best she could considering what she had to work with, and resigned myself to being the homely one in the group.
 Still, seeing all of the other girls in one place, fully decked out in the kind of shoes I'd always wanted to wear, but never been able to pull off, was even more intimidating.
 I was once again psyching myself up to be seen in public, when Donovan limped into the room and cleared his throat.
 "The gentlemen have at long last arrived."
 Isaac was the first one through the door, looking particularly 007 in a tux that amazingly enough had the occasional silver thread that matched perfectly with Jessica's dress.

 was also the first indication that I was actually a pretty pretty girl, so I jumped in the car, took Rachel and the shoes off, and headed straight to the waiting room.<eop> Honestly, there was barely a room. I was going to go and sit in it, and wait,
-
In the memory, he’d fought to keep me from seeing, tried to cover my eyes.
 And later, he’d pulled me from the water, dragged me away as we fled.
 I shook with sobs and a pair of arms wrapped around me, supporting me as my limbs became heavy, my body and mind spent from the stress or whatever trauma the spell had caused.
 I couldn’t say which, because I was pulled from consciousness into a black, dreamless sleep.
 Chevelle was still holding me when I woke in the late morning.
 I wondered if he’d slept at all.
 Cradled in his arms, I reached up to rub my bleary eyes.
 As I glanced up at him, it struck me how close we were.
 My hand dropped from my face to fall against his chest.
 That didn’t help.

 me to my head, and while I’m still in his arms, he jumps over me to fall into the water.<eop> Out of the water, I swam back to the beach. I fell into the water, the water rushing through me, allowing all the fluid out of my body to
-
“We were in need of shelter after your… episode.
 It was close enough to work.
 Are you cold?” she asked, tucking me under a blanket.
 “I’ll get it,” I said, waving my hand to form a fire beside us.
 Nothing happened.
 The vertigo was almost gone now; I was feeling close to normal, just a bit fuzzy.
 I tried once more, but it would not light.
 I pressed down the panic as I concentrated on pulling the burn together.
 But nothing happened.
 I sat up, holding both hands in front of me, palms up, as I focused on lighting a flame, any flame.

 the fire, it would glow... fire, fire, flame, a flame, a flame. It would ignite. It would ignite... it would be the sparks,... it would be the flames.... it would be the flames, it would be the
-
"It just seems silly.
 I mean, I'm not really part of the family or anything, so there isn't really a need, is there?"
 Donovan's smile was incredibly gentle as he shook his head in disagreement.
 "You're very much a part of the family, and if I may be so bold, I'm quite delighted by your inclusion.
 I've not seen Mistress Rachel or Master Alec this content in more years than I like to think about.
 For my part, I hope to have the continued pleasure of your company for a very long time."
 I felt myself blushing.
 I hated how easily my face heated up, but a little thing like my imminent death was hardly going to change that.
 "Thanks, Donovan.
 Not just for that either.

 introducing you to me, that is." He smiled at me slowly, then at me. "Thank you, Sam, you're welcome... that's wonderful..."<eop> "" " " " " "" " "
-
All of the kids that'd been rushing forward to congratulate Isaac for his heroic save started backing away.
 Anxious to avoid the fight, I tried to move with the crowd, but felt a flash of pain as my abused ankle protested.
 For a second I couldn't think about anything other than the agony.
 When I managed to get my eyes to focus again, Vincent was only a couple of inches away from Isaac and hissing something too quiet for me to make out.
 Whatever it was, Vincent was all but foaming at the mouth while Isaac was so controlled it was hard to believe a fight was about to break out.
 As admirable as Isaac's calm was, I was actually wishing he was a little more worked up.
 I'd seen plenty of fights where the guy who got the first hit in won.
 Vincent was going to throw the first punch, and then Isaac was going to go down like a house of cards.
 Something Vincent said must've been particularly vile.
 Isaac's expression shifted for just a second.

 ', sir, sir, ', sir. How do you want a fight right? '. Tell me. ', sir. I'm going to have a fight. ', sir. '.  Tell me. ', sir., sir.
-
A strong thrust from Dieredon finally shattered the invisible barrier but the explosion of power sent him flying backward.
 He rolled when he hit the ground, his legs tucked, and then with a kick he vaulted himself into the air.
 He landed on his feet and lunged at the necromancer, the blades of his bow leading.
 “Be gone!” Velixar roared, the sound of a daemon unleashed.
 Dieredon fought, but it felt as if a thousand hands pulled him back.
 Pain spiked within his chest, and a sick sound filled his head as two of his ribs broke.
 A harrowing gasp escaped his lips.
 He dropped to his knees as the pressure finally ended.
 Dieredon lifted the bow and reached to his quiver.
 The blades retracted, and in the heartbeat it took him to draw two arrows, a thin string materialized in the air, ready to be drawn.

 re-did the bow. He drew the arrows and drew the string of one of the arrows he attached to the sword. He drew out the other arrow from the quiver, and re-wrapped it into his hand, drawing it back. The thin string was gone.<eop> Die
-
She had an infectious laugh.
 Grandma worked at a department store named Zodies.
 On occasion, my mother would take us to the store to visit her on her break.
 We would run from aisle to aisle searching for her brightly colored smock.
 One of the few times I ever remember eating out was when we shared her lunch break and ate hot dogs and popcorn at the department store cafeteria.
 I still think of Grandma whenever I walk into a discount store and smell the snack bar.
 We lived with our grandparents longer than we should have, but my mother had little choice.
 My mother, still young and very attractive, was saddled with the responsibility of two young boys who knew nothing about her predicament.
 She made sure we never felt like we were a burden, but as I look back I know it must have been so difficult for her.
 She never complained and we always felt her love.

 loved her. She loved her mother. She missed her. She loved her grandmother. She knew that my mother was going to her for everything. She knew that that my mother was coming to her. She knew that she understood and that she was going to be the best when her grandmother was gone.
-
He smiled as she ate with relish.
 Every woman he knew loved chocolate, and it was rather comforting to think that there were some things that transcended time.
 After they'd finished their ice cream, Rick rose and began to clear the table.
 Marie stood as well, saying, "I'll wash the dishes."
 "No thanks--I have a dishwasher."
 "A maid?"
 "No."
 He chuckled.
 "Watch."
 He quickly loaded the dishwasher, poured in the soap, and turned it on.

 the'maid to wash the dishes, and the soap," Marie said, "Then pour in the soap, and wash it." Rick nodded. Marie said, "Then pour in the dishes, and pour in the soap..." Rick nodded said, "And
-
Art – Well they’re not good enough for our purpose, so we might as well not even bother with that option.
 Jim – Good thing school is starting again soon.
 Art – That’s all fine and good for you, you get to leave town, but I have to stay with the boy.
 Jim – Eugene will be going back to school too, so hopefully Johnny will be easier to live with.
 Art – Maybe he will, and maybe the sun will fall from the sky and strike me dead.
 Jim – You can always hope.
 Art – I’m not that gullible.
 Jim – You play the lottery still don’t you?
 You’ve more chance of both having the sun fall on you, and Johnny becoming the ideal prodigy child than you have of winning the lottery.
 Art – Yes, but playing the lottery is my choice, I may not have a snow-ball’s chance in hell of winning, but I don’t have to play either.

 – I do, I don’t have to. Jim – I want to marry Johnny, but I don’t know what I want to do either. Art – No – I have to play the lottery, and I don’t have to you either. Art –
-
"Marie?"
 Rick called as he searched the house for her.
 She wasn't in the living room or kitchen.
 He went upstairs and looked in her bedroom.
 Where else could she be?
 "Marie?"
 He finally went out to the garden.
 She was way over by the pink roses, and he was surprised and dismayed to see her wearing her 1927 clothes.
 "Marie!"
 He ran over to her, but something about her stance when she looked up at him kept him from sweeping her into his arms like he wanted.

 at her. "Marie!" He sat down on her couch. She smiled and looked up to him. "Marie!" "Marie!"<eop>.... That's the "Marie" that he was looking for.......
-
There wasn't time.
 Even if they arrived right now, someone was probably going to get hurt.
 Cassie tossed her hair and smiled, a plastic expression that bordered on a smirk.
 "Shut your lying mouth.
 I'm really going to enjoy this."
 Britney had positioned herself so she could see Brandon.
 As a consequence, I could see Alec's entire group, and I was amazed by their reaction to Cassie's belligerence.
 Jasmin's pretty lips drew back in something that looked almost like a snarl, and she'd tensed up so tightly she was almost shaking.
 For a heartbeat I thought Jasmin would launch herself at the other girl, but Alec reached over without looking, and grabbed her arm.
 A stocky, Middle Eastern-looking boy to Alec's right looked like he wanted to act as well, but he was looking at Alec, and an almost imperceptible headshake stopped him.

 "Get off her," Alec growled and shook her head. She shook her head, and her hands flew in the air. Britney shook her head, and started to move to move. She waved at a few of her friends, and Jasmin, ignoring the other girl, crossed her arms.
-
His wife called just a couple days ago.
 BG:  	Larry’s into something or other.
 But, he promised he’d be here.
 I’m ready to see what we can do together again.
 CM: 	“Necronomicon Blues?”
 BG:  	Whimsy.
 Just fooling around.
 CM:  	Don’t know anything about the Black Arts, about..
 BG:  	Naw.
 Cept what’s written there, most of which I made up.

 I make it... MG: I make it.. MG:... MG: MG: “Who’s in the middle of the Black Arts?” BG: MG: Yeah, I do... MG: MG:
-
I could just make out Isaac's towering form across the pavilion in the corner where they'd apparently gone to find room for some of their more impressive moves.
 It seemed amazing to me that they were willing to move so quickly around normal, uninformed humans, but apparently they figured professional dancers were at least as quick.
 I shook my head and turned back to Rachel, only to feel my throat constrict as I saw Britney.
 Not only was she wearing a tight, black dress that made her look at least twice as hot as me, she also happened to be draped across Brandon's arm.
 I was so caught up watching Britney that it took me several seconds to notice the differences in her date.
 Brandon had always exuded a sense of confidence, but sometime since I'd last seen him, it had morphed into something even more aggressive.
 He still cut through crowds, but people weren't moving out of his way out of deference anymore.
 Instead they were dodging away to avoid being run over.
 I felt the fine hair on the back of my neck stand on end, but was distracted by Alec's return before I could figure out what else had changed about Brandon.
 Jasmin pulled Rachel to her feet, and gently pushed her towards Alec before casually taking a seat next to me.

 a look on his face, and tried to take it in.<eop> I had to tell him what I had said was wrong. I had to change what I had to say to what I had to tell...... I had to what I had to say.....
-
“By order of the King, all elves are to be removed from Neldar lands.
 They shall not travel within our cities, live in our settlements, or trade with our people.
 They are banned in all possible sense of the word.
 They have abandoned us, so let us abandon them.
 These are the words of your King, Edwin Vaelor, and may they never be forgotten.”
 Antonil closed the scroll and then nodded for his soldiers to return to their post.
 Holding in a curse, he headed to the royal stables.
 He needed to speak with Dieredon and personally break the terrible news.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 (... ) and...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, and...(break.p. ) The innocent child is to be devoured.”<eop><eod>
-
They seemed to relax a little as Chevelle shook his head and brought his horse back to pace.
 I thought I knew what they were thinking.
 Idiot.
 Ruby answered, “Hmm,” with a cocked eyebrow as she turned to follow the group.
 They were mostly silent the rest of the day, until we stopped for the night.
 The group split after dinner as Anvil and Grey positioned themselves on rocks at the perimeter of our camp.
 Ruby hung out by Grey and Steed busied himself as Chevelle paced stiffly around the camp.
 I was bored again, with everyone entertaining themselves, so I leaned back against a rock and pulled my pack to my lap.
 I wrapped my cloak loosely around me and positioned my legs so I could place the book there and, hopefully, not be found out.
 I wondered how many more days of traveling we’d have.

 t do it. I told Anvil and Steed to let the group in on the book and, like all the other groups, we were going to go get the book. If it was one of our last days for them, it was going to be important to them.<eop><eod> The next
-
“As I lift your sword up, so do I lift up your honor and make it mine.” As he finished the oath he handed the sword back to Doi’van, who responded with the final, “My arm shall be your arm, my sword your sword, my honor your honor.” Rodregas had expected to have to claim his followers as Oath Bond, but a knight would never have demanded to see the oath.
 He felt guilt seize his stomach at having been mistaken and knowing Doi’van had been forced to swear the oath, due to not wanting to blow their cover.
 Rodregas swore to himself that he would lift the oath as soon as they could be free, but the fact that Doi’van had trusted him enough to say such an oath out loud, which could put his very soul in jeopardy, was a powerful statement to their growing friendship.
 Rodregas looked back at the sorcerer who actually seemed surprised at watching the oath sworn, “Satisfied, Sir?” The sorcerer waved his hand and without a word went back to his chair sitting down as a king to his throne.
 The Knight Captain called for a squire, who he commanded to find them a room.
 Rodregas sensed that the Knight Captain was not happy with what had happened, but he said no word of apology.
 As the three were led away, Rodregas asked the boy the name of the sorcerer at the table.
 “That is the Immortalist Van’dret, Ambassador to the Knights from the Guild.
 He is very powerful you know.
 We are told to do whatever he commands, but also told to stay as far away from him as possible,” said the young boy, who could not have been much more than twelve years old.

 gas added, “He commands us to be Ambassador to the Knights from the Guild, and Ambassador to the Guild. We are also instructed to do all the things he commands, be a member of the Guild, and Ambassador to it, and serve as a Knight, Ambassador to the Guild and all the
-
They were big Hawaiian guys with badges and they did not like howlies.
 They grabbed us roughed us up and handcuffed us because we were two high white guys.
 They drove us deep into a sugar cane plantation.
 We were not going to the police station.
 Pete and I sat in the back of this police car on our bound hands in silence.
 They eventually pulled us out of the car and beat the shit out of us.
 They undid our handcuffs when they were done, emptied our pockets of every dollar, and even took the pot we had.
 They left us in the field and all we knew to do was to walk back the way we came.
 We hitchhiked to the airport and stood outside where the planes were de-boarding.
 We hustled an unsuspecting tourist into buying our surfboards so we could return to California.

 we were not going to go to the ocean, we had to have the ocean first. We were not going to get into the idea that we were going to get to swim in the ocean. We were going to have the ocean.<eop> We went back to Hawaii and sat in the ocean and drank
-
“What the heck Seth, are you deaf now?” I waited for a sign that he heard me to appear on his face, but it remained blank.
 Emily huffed loudly, “Expect something from Jazell and me soon Jason.
 We’re out of here.
 See you around.” She grabbed my hand and pulled me away.
 Seth turned to see me leave and the look gave me a dark feeling inside.
 His face was masked with one emotion, one that made me vow to myself that I would find out what he was hiding, what he was keeping a secret.
 That emotion was not Seth, not the one I knew.
 It made me feel the same way and I didn’t know why.
 Fear.
 Chapter 5

 .., the next........, the next...., the next... the next... the next.... the next...... the next... the next. What I didn’t know was
-
It was more like having wings of her own, soaring high and low, below bridges and over mountains.
 "We really never left the ground?"
 she asked Rick as they waited to ride it a second time.
 "No.
 The car just jerks us around, and that combined with the effect of the picture makes you feel like you're flying."
 "Did you like it?"
 "Yeah--it was fun.
 But the best part is seeing how much you enjoy it."
 He squeezed her close to his side.
 It was nearly 7:00 when they left, and Marie was all in favor of pizza in the room this time.

 , I think it'll be good. A pizza!" "Get in there, Aunt Marie!" Rick yelled at the door.<eop> "Yeah! And we're in there!" Marie yelled a minute later. "And there's a pizza."<eop>
-
History wasn't any better, and we had a sub for Physics.
 Alec actually walked into class, saw Mrs. Alexander wasn't there, and then turned around and left.
 It was possibly the most brazen act of class cutting I'd ever seen, and somehow it didn't surprise me in the least.
 Even so, I spent the rest of the hour stewing while working on the pointless, busywork assignment the sub handed out.
 Mrs. Tiggs still hadn't finished grading our tests, which meant I still had no idea how I'd done.
 By the time I finally half-collapsed at my normal table in the tutor lab, all I could think about was how nice it would be to see Brandon one more time as he drove me home.
 I looked around to verify that all of the usual suspects were there.
 Geeks, check.
 Jocks, check.
 Rachel and her sinister sidekick James, check.

 Jack, check. Rachel and Jack...... hunky and don'y, check. Guys and don't, check. Jocks, chicks, check. Rachel, Rachel.................
-
"Are you ready?
 James had to leave early, but don't worry, we've still got a ride home."
 I think I managed to keep the disappointment off of my face.
 Rachel at least didn't seem to notice.
 Somehow I'd lost track of the fact that it was a Wednesday, and Brandon therefore wouldn't be taking me home.
 "Great.
 Britney's been avoiding me like the plague.
 I didn't even see her leave today."
 I'd never noticed that Rachel's laugh was possibly the prettiest I'd ever heard.
 Tinkling bells and all that aside, it really did sound like the kind of laugh you'd hear described for the princess of a fairy tale.

 I heard it, "" was the first one," I heard it, "", and " was the last one," I heard it, and "" ""' was the second one," and... uh, ""
-
You understand?
 BG: 	Exactly, they’re the marks I’ve made against the creeping of the reaper.
 Kill me now, but forever, they’ll hear my voice, forever those words will be out there, battling against philistinism, against commercialism, against Moloch.
 Ok?
 CM:  	Um, drugs.
 Did drugs play a large part of your creative process?
 BG:  	No.
 Well, I mean, it was the sixties.
 Drugs were everywhere.
 In the air.

 car, in the street. The way that it was done, took it, it out, I took it, took it, it, it out, I’d done it, I took it in and took it out, it, it, it,, it, I’d do it
-
I stopped myself from laughing, knowing from previous experience this would hurt him.
 I had come to realize he didn’t know what I was.
 He knew I was different, of course, knew of the magic, though I’d shown him nothing of my real power.
 But he didn’t understand I was an elf.
 I hadn’t explained, knowing it would do nothing but perplex his simple mind.
 He merely thought I was something special, extraordinary.
 But did he actually think I was human, marrigeable?
 I was incredulous.
 But he was obsessed.
 The moment it slipped from his lips, he became more focused on that than anything else.

 ,.,...,.,., what was I?<eop> An elf. A human. An elf, a warrior. A witch, a wizard. An elf. A human, is what I was. A witch. A
-
He couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
 But he hated seeing her miserable.
 "Marie," he said softly, stroking her hair, "you've been here for over five weeks.
 You've walked in the garden almost every morning.
 What if you can't get back?
 What if--" "Don't say that!"
 She sat up, looking at him in horror.
 "I can't even imagine never seeing my family again!
 Do you know how upset they must be, how terrified they must be wondering what happened to me?"
 She closed her eyes, catching her breath.

 are you,Marie? I don't know if I'll get to see my family again." "-"I can't be--" "What if I can't get back? I'm--" "Don't say it, I
-
CHET Whispers From the Past
 By Larry Murray
 Meet Charles Tucker, he has spent nearly 30 years living in denial, trying desperately to hide from his past and the events that shattered his heart beyond any possibility of healing.
 He can't let anyone close, for doing so would open him up to being hurt again, and there's no way he could survive another wounding.
 Meet the Saunders family, new to the neighborhood and teetering on the verge of bankruptcy.
 Mark, the father, talks a good story but is that all he is?
 His plan could hold the key to reversing his family's financial misfortunes, or it could wipe out everyone involved.
 Meet Chet, a battered old '64 Chevy pickup that was there on the night Charles' life imploded.
 For nearly three decades, he has been locked away in an old barn, safely out of sight if not completely out of mind.
 For 29 years Charles has blamed the old pickup for the destruction of his life, now he's about to find that the vehicle that destroyed his life might be the key to his healing and a journey of unexpected miracles.

 by Strangers, Charles Charles Tucker is about to be heard from his past. Katherine, his wife, the daughter, is the survivor of the old Saunders family, in a new family, growing up in a neighborhood, living in a old barn. Now he is in the middle of an unexpected
-
Qurrah shoved the cadaver onto its side, curled underneath, and then let it fall atop him.
 The weight crushed his fragile body and the smell was awful, but it was his only cover.
 Miserable, he hid there, quietly whispering.
 “Where are you, Harruq?” he said, his face buried into the dirt.
 His tears fell to the grass.
 “Harruq, I need you.
 Where are you?”
 Then he heard talking and shut his mouth.
 “Are you alright, Dieredon?” an elf asked.
 The scoutmaster nodded, leaning heavily on his bow.

 am, Dieredon.”<eop> “ Dieredon, die...,.....,.....................” An elf looked up into the dirt, pulling his eyes from the
-
He drew an ornate sword that hung over the fireplace, letting the scabbard fall to the floor.
 The blade gleamed in the firelight, impossibly sharp and deadly.
 “I have killed a hundred like you,” Ahrqur said.
 “And I hope to kill a thousand just like you,” Harruq said, clanging his swords together one more time before lunging across the room.
 Salvation and Condemnation smacked hard against Ahrqur’s blade.
 The weapons sparked, all three of the swords imbued with powerful magic.
 The elf fell back, his arms lacking the strength to block the massive blow.
 He danced away, his sword whirling upward to deflect two quick slashes by the half-orc.
 Ahrqur found no reprieve for three bones flew for his eyes and face, even veering to follow the elf’s dodges.
 The elven blade whirled, cutting two out of the air.

 in the next room, an elf stepped forward, and the elf out, the elf in and the elf out, the elf in, the elf in and the half orc out. Harruq was born again.<eop> In the next room, a elven
-
I was close enough my intent was unmistakable when he grabbed me, wrapping both arms around my biceps in a too-tight grip.
 “Freya—” A howl.
 A wolf.
 He let out a deep breath and it tickled my nose.
 Oh.
 Oh, no.
 No, no, no.
 My head cleared, but Chevelle still held me around the arms.
 My neck flushed, my eyes shooting to my lap.
 I couldn’t look at him.

 .......... Hell, I didn’t even want to look at him. Shit, shit.................................
-
“The orcish were elves who swore their lives to Karak.
 Part of you still yearns to do what your ancestors have done.
 They reveled in bloodshed, warred against men who followed a false god.
 I offer you a chance to do as you were meant to and serve Karak.
 Answer me this question, half-orc.
 Do you love your brother?”
 A chill ran through his spine.
 He glanced to Qurrah, who still knelt.
 His eyes were focused on him.
 In them, he saw pride.

 to him, serve him, and do as you have done.”<eop> Once the prayer was over, he walttered over to light the embers. “.. a....... a.... a. a......
-
“We will be able to eat, not well, but enough to live.”
 “If you say so,” Harruq said.
 “Good luck with your, uh, studies.
 I have a wall to finish building.”
 “Stay safe,” Qurrah said, offering a small wave as his brother trudged north.
 When he was gone, the smaller half-orc slipped back into the shed, removed a false floorboard, and grasped a small pouch containing various herbs, bones, and knives.
 Reaching back in again, he took out an object wrapped in sackcloth and soaked in blood.
 A knife in hand, he opened the pouch and closed his eyes.
 His mind attuned, he carved into the remains of a man’s heart.
 !

 , and a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a manssss..! Closing his eyes, he carved into the remains of the iris of a man and a heart. He carved the remains of a man, a
-
The problem today is not a shortage of money or technology.
 The problem is that we have constructed a hermetically sealed economic system that does not permit all people to express that willingness.
 Even if we reached the advanced stage of technological development that enabled one-tenth of the world’s population to produce all the goods and services to which all humanity could ever aspire, what would prevent us from distributing that work in such a manner as to provide everyone with the opportunity to acquire the purchasing power to consume their share of that over-abundance?
 The main limit on the production of sufficient goods to create prosperity for all is not material, financial, or technological.
 It is the inefficiency and arbitrariness of the present economic system that fails to take advantage of the vast latent market potential of nearly half the human race.
 Give these people the chance to work and they will create the markets to provide jobs and higher incomes for everyone.
 The single act of removing the artificial subsidies and import barriers for agricultural products in industrial nations that protect the jobs of so few in the West, and deny jobs to so many in developing countries, can help realign global labour markets, creating vast scope for employment generation in the South that will act as an engine for industrial exports and full employment in the North.
 Ultimately, the achievement of peace and prosperity for all does require an enormous investment of resources, but the resources demanded are human resources that dwell within ourselves, waiting to be tapped.
 These resources can never be exhausted because the more they are drawn upon, the more they grow.
 The real challenge of development is developing people – not only in the external sense of providing them with food, clothing, good health and fresh water, but also in the inner sense of developing their awareness, attitudes, skills and values to make them more enlightened, productive and contented human beings.

 equally important, that the task of helping to achieve peace and prosperity is developing people by developing their intelligence, developing their knowledge and skills, intellectual and social communication skills, their perception and understanding of the world around, and developing the necessary attitudes and values to enable them to be more fully enlightened and productive
-
He had cracked.
 Chevelle released the tracker’s hand long enough for the man to scribble a few words of a spell, not allowing him to speak or cast magic.
 He slumped after his surrender, confident the worst was over.
 I reached the sword tip back to his leg and made another incision to release the snake.
 It jerked and coiled free of the wound, flicking blood over the tracker’s pristine white robe.
 Behind me, a low voice ordered, “Kill him.” I glanced down at the sword, still in my hand.
 The sword I was supposed to take someone’s head off with.
 I didn’t know who the order had been intended for, but it wasn’t me.
 This man was going to die.
 I knew he didn’t have more than a moment before their magic broke him.

 up to the ground next to him and found the tip of the sword on the other end of the snake. “.... Kill me. Where’s the tracker to pull out the end of his head?...............
-
He was not held to the same rules as everyone else.
 So it goes with the great.
 And when Buddy started using drugs, mixing bennies, reds and laxatives in dangerous quantities, no one was there to question him.
 Of course, drugs were part of the scene then.
 They were everywhere.
 In the back of every minibus, in the bathroom of every nightclub, at practice sessions, in the homes of every groupie.
 And Buddy had his groupies.
 The twins used to joke that Buddy played for scrimption and blow jobs.
 This has some truth to it—the money wasn’t great in those days, asking for more money seen as bourgeois or worse—but the women were wonderful.
 Buddy, though, let it be said, played for one pure reason in those halcyon days.

 he was lucky, he could play hard. He had his friends. It was just a different world from the old way of life. There was only a boy. There was a woman, a man or something. I mean, there was a man and a woman. There was only a man playing
-
I didn’t know why.
 “Okay, Jazell, what exactly did he say?” Emily asked, pencil poised in the air ready to write.
 “He said, ‘He’s rising, he’s rising’.
 I have no idea who he meant or if what he said means anything.” Emily scribbled down, Toad dwarf said, “He’s rising, he’s rising”.
 Who’s coming and is he important?
 I stared at the paper, the question swirling in my mind.
 Who did he mean?
 “Now what did the dwarf tell you, Seth?” she asked.
 “He said, ‘You won’t stop him, little warrior.’” He frowned at the last part.
 Emily added, Toad Dwarf told Seth, “You won’t stop him, little warrior.” Does this mean he’s powerful?

 . “But it does mean he’s coming, Seth.”<eop> “Are you gonna stop him, little warrior?”<eop> Seth answered softly, “Yes”. Emily scribbled down, “You won’t”. “No way.” “You won’t stop him”.
-
I found myself just outside the tutor lab with no recollection of having stumbled to my locker, or going by Physics to grab the stuff I'd left there.
 Still, somehow my Spanish book had disappeared, replaced by my math book.
 My knees started shaking as I entered the room, but I made it safely to my normal table before they gave out.
 "Adri, Adriana?
 Excuse me."
 I didn't recognize the girl standing across from me, but based on her uncomfortable expression and the fact that more than one person had turned for the sole purpose of watching us out of the corner of their eyes, she'd been standing there longer than I'd realized.
 Apparently my looking up was enough of a response for her to proceed.
 "I've got a note from Mrs. Campbell.
 She asked me to deliver it to you."
 I managed something that could just barely be construed as a thank you, took the note, and watched her leave.

 at me, shook my head, and "Excuse me," she looked at me,"I've got nothing." I thanked her, I just didn't know how to say that to her, and left. I walked away from her, and went up to the floor.
-
It didn’t help.
 I’d never been far from home and the new landscape was unsettling.
 But when I looked away, I noticed the neatly stacked pile of fabric and loaf of bread that had been positioned beside me.
 I silently cursed the watchers who had apparently found me during the night.
 I didn’t see them anywhere, so I assumed they’d left me out here as punishment.
 Some part of me wanted to burn the pile for spite, but my stomach overruled the thought.
 Reaching out to grab the bread, and then, since I had already defied my belligerence, the stack of clothes, I stood to find a creek to clean up and finally get out of this ridiculous dress.
 It took a moment to locate the trickle of water, but the creek was only a short distance away.
 I walked down the softened earth to where the water had pooled and knelt, leaning over to splash my face.
 Panic shot through me as someone looked back at me.

 back at me.<eop> I dropped my knees down in the dirt and looked down, blinking tears from my eyes. When I looked past the trickle of water, I could see a creek, and panic welled in my eyes. If it was there, I simply had to see it.<eop>
-
Neither does the fact that you stepped in and saved Rachel from a beating I couldn't stop."
 He reached up and tucked a stray hair behind my left ear.
 "Whatever the reason, since your arrival here, I just feel like parts of me that were missing have come back home.
 Even when I thought you were some kind of...rogue...shape shifter come to destroy my pack, I was still drawn to you."
 My stupid eyes were tearing up again.
 Sometimes being a girl really sucked.
 Boys never seemed to have their bodies betray them in front of other people like we did.
 The most gorgeous, kind boy I'd ever met had just professed his love to me, and strangely enough it made what I had to do next both harder and easier.
 "Alec, what if I were to go back to Brandon?
 Would that stop everything from going wrong?

 me. The reason my heart was racing. "I want you to Brandon, " he whispered.<eop> "I do!" I cried out in his voice. "Then..........I realized how hard it was for me to go back
-
Another arrow struck an inch from his left foot.
 His leg was aflame, yet he continued to charge, pulling back his shield so his sword could lash out.
 But the elf was not close enough, and he was more skilled with a bow than in just firing arrows.
 He snapped the wood up, cracking Antonil across the bottom of his hand, which held firm to his blade.
 Undaunted, the elf stepped closer, ducked underneath the guard captain’s return swing, and then kicked at the arrow still lodged in his shin, finally making Antonil drop his blade.
 The elf stood, drawing an arrow as he did.
 Antonil, now lying on the ground, struggled to bring his shield over his chest.
 Part of it caught beneath his side and would not come.
 He would not be able to block in time.
 A loud wooden crash stole away the elf’s focus.

 of the elf knew it. It was not the elf. It was more than the elf. It was the elf.<eop> It was the elf. The elf. The target was the elf. It was the one with the poisoned blade. It was the elf
-
So, the order…
 BG: 	I don’t think anyone decided it.
 Here’s the thing, Dad..  That’s the order we recorded them in.
 See, we were naives, kids.
 We just did what was natural, we didn’t know from creating a suite, or anything pretentious like that.
 Man, we just wanted to get our chops in, create a little noise.
 That’s raw sound on that record, see, that’s live.
 None of it was fiddled with, enhanced, whatever.
 Except that playful tape loop, and that fade-out on “For Kim,” that’s just us, beating our brains out in that little studio, high on bennies.
 “For Kim, Because it Went by So Fast”---we worked our asses off to get that one right.

 BG: Dad.. So, I did the loop, I did the cut, I did the cut, I did the..... Yeah, yeah, that’s the... Yeah, that’s the way that I did the tape loop...
-
Ashhur was quick to defend it, and in turn, claim it as his own.”
 “You speak of centuries ago,” Qurrah interrupted.
 “Yet you claim to be one of Karak’s first.”
 “I was his high priest, half-orc,” Velixar said, his eyes narrowing.
 “He blessed me so I would never die of sickness, age, or blade.
 I have watched the world evolve, and I have watched gods make war.
 Do not accuse me of having a lying tongue.
 The truth is always enough, even for those who walk in the darkness.”
 “Forgive me, master,” Qurrah said, bowing.
 His teeth chattered in the cold.

 know, master... and I have had the opportunity to see the... the sun, heavens, and the land.... to see the face of creation... and I have seen the sun. I have become part of it, if you
-
I love that cut, man.
 We hit some other place with that one.
 You wanna know about the ending—that last bit before the hidden loop?
 Jim and I had been talking about Sergeant Pepper’s and we wanted some kind of, what they call, lamination on the end, something like what the Beatles did with “Strawberry Fields,” you know, sort of incorporating found sounds, etc.
 So at the end of “Kim” we let Dickinson play with the limited equipment he had, and here’s some of the stuff that’s in that final few seconds of concrete dada: a piece of the Treasure House theme song (backwards), Crafty reading “The Crucible” from our school textbook, a piece of Schoenberg, a piece from The Ventures played through some car speakers, and then some street sounds Jim got by simply walking out onto Madison Avenue with a microphone.
 It’s all silly, of course, but that’s what everyone was doing.
 Psychedelia, you know.
 Silly shit.
 But, liberating in a way.
 I wish I could get that world-weary sound into every one of my songs.

 I love some of that sound. I like that guitar sound, those sumps, those beats. All of that sound of drums, the sounds of beats, of guitars, all of it, of everything. I love some of it. It’s all freeing.
-
Armor!
 He reached in and pulled it out.
 The chain mail was light and seemed to flow around his fingers; the links seemed to be made of silver and he recognized it as Mithril.
 Ravenhurr had a suit of Mithril chain; he could feel his heart start to beat in excitement.
 Mithril, a rare magical metal that was stronger than steel but much less heavy and made one of the best light armors.
 AElves, who are not physically as strong as other people, loved the metal.
 Rodregas held it up to himself and then, as excited as he had become, his heart sank as he realized that the suit was both too short and much too slim for him to wear.
 While there were straps to adjust it, his new body was very large and he would never wear the beautiful armor.
 He threw the armor on the bed.
 It might not work for him to wear, but he could get a good amount of money selling such fancy armor.

 threw it out, pulled it back up and then threw it right back down on the bed adjusting it to fit in his shiny new clothes. Rodregas put the chain mail back around him, and then recognized it as a suit of armor again. He held it up to his brother and then the
-
Not knowing what else to do, he closed his hand about the shaft and pulled.
 A minute later, still lying in agonizing pain, the half-orc managed to pry open one of his healing potions.
 He gulped the swirling blue-silver contents and then tossed the vial.
 Ripping the other arrow out of his side, he felt a warm, soothing sensation fill his body.
 “Are you alright?” he heard a raspy voice ask from atop the stairs.
 “Yeah, I’m fine.
 Just had to take care of something here.”
 He trudged down the stairs to where Qurrah waited.
 “How many did you kill?” the necromancer asked.
 “Just two,” he replied.

 his eyes, he turned his head back to the other side of the room............. After Qurrah took care of him, it was his turn to care of himself. He trudged back into the main hall and sat down.<eop>
-
Out of all the people since Jesus, I can’t think of any whose advice I should trust more than Mother Teresa’s.
 But I know we humans can talk ourselves into or out of most anything.
 Books
 One reason I decided to arrange a book signing in Seattle was so I could visit Jaime and Mark Baird and meet their one-year-old Gavin.
 Not long ago, Mark did a tour as an Army psychologist in Iraq.
 Jaime recently earned a Master of Arts degree from Perelandra College, which Pam and I founded about eight years ago, and which I essentially run.
 The college is one of the occupations that keeps me rushing around, the condition that originally clued me I should read Brother Lawrence.
 Pam and I believed God was asking us to found the college to make a place for people in general and Christians in particular who wanted to become writers to discover what they honestly believe, and to write with courage from their unique visions.
 Thinking of Jaime, I can’t begin to lament the virtually endless hurdles we've been called upon to jump in order to earn and maintain the college’s licensing, accreditation and the rest.
 Jaime's thesis is superb.

 is a beautiful poem, and the story is one of the finest in print......., the book is excellent. Jaime's writing is simply one of the finest in print....., she is amazingly beautiful, talented, and smart....
-
Johnny – No.
 Not really.
 Jim – Well?
 Johnny – Um.
 Jim – You going to fill us in anytime soon?
 Johnny – What do they feel like?
 Jim – Why do you think we know?
 Look at us.
 I still read comic books for Gods sake, I’m a Grade A dork.
 Then there is Gene.

 Gene Gene, I, I, I, I, I, Gene, Gene, Gene Gene, Gene Gene... Jim – Oh, and that’s not the only guy, Gene Is Gene Gene, I, I.,..,. Gene Is Gene, Gene
-
He drew an ornate sword that hung over the fireplace, letting the scabbard fall to the floor.
 The blade gleamed in the firelight, impossibly sharp and deadly.
 “I have killed a hundred like you,” Ahrqur said.
 “And I hope to kill a thousand just like you,” Harruq said, clanging his swords together one more time before lunging across the room.
 Salvation and Condemnation smacked hard against Ahrqur’s blade.
 The weapons sparked, all three of the swords imbued with powerful magic.
 The elf fell back, his arms lacking the strength to block the massive blow.
 He danced away, his sword whirling upward to deflect two quick slashes by the half-orc.
 Ahrqur found no reprieve for three bones flew for his eyes and face, even veering to follow the elf’s dodges.
 The elven blade whirled, cutting two out of the air.

 s my turn, and I run across the room, with a wall behind me, the door closing behind me, and the...” harruk interrupted him, with a laugh. Ahrqur swept the tip of his sword across the wooden floor, the bones flying out
-
“You can use the office.
 I don’t care.” “No—my room is fine.” The light reflected off her diamond as she turned away from him.
 Rick’s stomach clenched.
 Her going back to 1927 would be bad enough.
 Her going back to her fiancé .
 .
 .
 All at once he remembered the article about Marie.
 He dug it out of the bottom drawer of his desk and read it again.
 All it contained was her birth date and the general information about her family.

 going back to Marie her her fiance her fiance... Her going back to Marie her fiance her.. Her... Her... Her going back to her fiance...
-
Great braids that hung on either side of her face.
 And the first girl in our class to get tits.
 She was something else—she let me touch her naked ass, showed me it right before she unzipped me and took me into her mouth.
 (laughs) I didn’t even know what was happening.
 I kept thinking, is this right?
 Is this something humans are supposed to do?
 And should I come?
 Will it poison her?
 I didn’t know man.
 (laughs)  When she did swallow my come, with a big smile on her face, I was amazed, you know?

 , breasts, tits, tits on her back, her back, and breasts and tits..................... ass, tits... She had tits, tits, tits,
-
The negative side-effects of this process on some sections of the population alert us to areas where society must make special efforts to speed their development.
 As in the case of technology, research is needed to document this complex process across industries, between countries and over time.
 One product of these studies could be the development of specific job coefficients measuring the impact of growth in trade in different industries on overall employment.
 Trade becomes of even greater potential benefit to industrial nations during the coming decade when economic growth in these countries is expected to be significantly slower than in the developing world.
 The pent-up demand generated by the destruction of Europe during the Second World War, the rapid expansion of population during the baby boom generation, and the explosion of new technologies in the past few decades, all generated strong internal demand in the OECD countries, resulting in steady economic growth.
 The slow growth of population and productivity in more recent years means that these factors cannot be expected to drive further economic expansion at the same rate.
 In contrast, average growth rates in developing countries are expected to be two to three times higher than in the industrial nations.
 The increase in the dollar output of developing countries was actually bigger than that of the most economically advanced nations in 1992 and 1993, and this trend is expected to continue.
 Measured in terms of purchasing power parity, developing countries now represent more than one-third of the world economy.
 More than 40 per cent of US exports now go to developing countries and two-thirds of the increase in US exports in recent years has gone to these nations.

 contributes more than 40 percent of its exports to South America, 20.4 percent of the increase has gone to China. Accordingly, the most important component of the global economy is going to have impact on US exports in the next few decades.<eop><eod> The rate of growth of the US economy in
-
Adore through me.
 And if You must, Sweat those drops of blood through me.
 So be it.
 The Danger of Watching Joan of Arcadia
 In Oregon, I’m speeding alongside one of the many wide and glistening rivers and gazing across at concentric rows of emerald hills at intervals topped with lacy clouds when I catch myself admiring them to such a degree I could call it worship.
 Then something reminds me to turn from worshiping the creation to worshiping its creator.
 To adore a feeling or state of mind, such as the revelation of beauty in nature or the way a lover makes me feel, may involve nothing but selfishness.
 But to adore the creator of that feeling, God for creating nature, a lover for giving me a piece of her heart, or parents for providing warmth and safety, that is appreciation, gratitude, untainted by the selfishness that all sin is made of.
 Maybe if I practice this exercise, try to catch myself in each act of admiration, and turn my worship to the creator, I will gradually learn to adore God the father, and God the spirit.
 But for now, my thoughts drift back to Eric.

 adore the God. If I learn to adore the mother, and the God, and the father, and the mother, and the spirit,, and God the father, I will adore God God the spirit. Then, by learning to worship God the father, I will learn to adore the mother God
-
Liz – That would explain a lot, he has only gotten worse lately.
 Jim – For some reason the divorce hit him hard.
 It doesn’t make much sense, mom never treated him all that well.
 Liz – She always seemed nice to me.
 Jim – Mom was like 2 different people, she was lovable and sweet around company, but when there was only us… she told him a million times since he was a baby that she hated him and that he was a mistake.
 She meant it too.
 Liz – You’re making this up aren’t you.
 You’re just messing with me, very funny Jimbo, very funny.
 Saying those kind of things about your own mother.
 Its wrong…

 ’t deserve it, it’s wrong... it’s wrong................................... It’s such a waste of
-
Inadequate skills are a major impediment to the assimilation of new technologies.
 The increasing demands of global competitiveness place pressure on workers in these countries to continuously improve their skills.
 The mismatch between the skills of the workforce and the evolving needs of industry aggravates unemployment.
 Studies of the return on investment from training programmes document the enormous benefits of continuously upgrading the skills of the workforce.
 Private sector investment in training will prove in adequate unless it is encouraged by incentives or complemented by greater public investment in this sector.
 Information Superhighways
 Information promotes political freedom, economic development and social justice.
 The transforming power of information under glasnost opened up Soviet society to events in the outer world and created widespread awareness of the alternative approaches and achievements of other nations.
 Information brought down the Berlin Wall, ended the Cold War and ushered the world into a new era.
 Information about economic opportunities and potentials is an essential ingredient, a catalyst, of the development process.

 the field of development, information is part of the field of development, the field of information, both private, and public, is the key to the progress and sustainability of the development processes of health, education and public health. In economic development, political and social justice, the role of information is crucial
-
Jim – I hate when that happens.
 Art – That was the first time for me.
 Did it happen to you before?
 Jim – Not to me particularly.
 Art – What does that mean?
 Jim – I was around someone else when it happened to him.
 Art – Who and when?
 Jim – It was Gene, during his ‘protesting God’ phase, when he would stand outside churches with a sign that said ‘God sucks’ or something like that.
 Art – I remember that.
 I’m glad he finally grew out of it.

 – I hate anything that ever happened. Jim – It’s not that I did it, or that I still don’t like it. It’s that it happened to me, and that it’s still there. Art – I guess I did when it happened to Jim
-
Chevelle nodded toward the hut as he prepared a fire, and I found my pack on a bed of birch branches, along with a pile of dry clothes.
 As I tugged off my soaked pants to exchange them for the new ones, I wondered if Chevelle had brought both sets or if they’d been packed by Junnie in that small, strange village.
 I couldn’t fathom why I hadn’t considered he’d so easily be able to follow me when I’d run from there, how I’d been oblivious to the dangers of being caught.
 The shirt was fitted to my shape but of a heavier fabric, and a pair of boots was at the bottom of the stack; it must be much colder in the mountains.
 It reminded me of stepping out of the cold wet gown on the bank of the creek, finding the scroll, the map.
 Chevelle’s words echoed in my mind.
 I’m sorry, Freya.
 I let you down at the creek.
 I was distracted… should have been paying closer attention… should have prevented this… too late now.
 The smell of cooked meat cut through my thoughts.

 m sorry. I’m sorry...<eop> Finally, I managed to open the hut door to retrieve my pack. It was a little more difficult, but I was... well I was... I was sorry. I pulled out my pack, and handed it to Chevelle
-
Picking up her fork, she told Davis, "Dancing.
 Can we go dancing?"
 "Mmm."
 He swallowed a bite of his meat.
 "Did you have any place special in mind?"
 "No.
 Any place we can dance."
 She toyed with her salad.
 "Since we've been seeing each other for a while now, can I .
 .

 you (the dancer) join me?" "No." "I just.. " "" """ "" """ "So, Davis, do you have anything special in mind? Can I..
-
(Rushes to his seat, Followed by everyone else)
 Art  - Careful boy, you’ll choke again.
 Eugene – I will, don’t worry.
 (The family sits at the table and starts to pass around the various dishes)
 Cleo - So Geney, how is school going?
 Eugene – (Looks up from his plate) Um fine Mrs. Straun…Cleo.
 Art – Are your grades staying up?
 Eugene – Yer ey arrrr!
 Art – What?
 Liz – Gene, swallow before you speak!

 - No! Liz – Just don’t worry! Liz – Gene, swallow immediately before you speak and swallow! Liz – Art – You won’t choke again......... Liz – No! Gene, swallow immediately before you speak and swallow
-
I was imprisoned there, unable to move… unable to scream… unable to save her.
 And then I couldn’t see her.
 Something was covering my eyes.
 I struggled yet again but my body felt like lead—heavy, useless.
 Darkness enveloped me and I was underwater, struggling to reach the surface, desperate for air.
 “Frey.” A husky voice woke me.
 It must have been early dawn.
 The faint light revealed worry on Chevelle’s face as he stood over me.
 A look of fear and sympathy.
 The memory smashed into my chest like a thousand-pound ram, stealing my breath.

 to see if Chevelle was holding me... but I only saw the ceiling and the lad’s terrified face. Then I looked up to the ceiling and gasped. I stared at Chevelle. Oh, his eyes, his eyes. His eyes, just the same as my eyes.
-
Albert smiled, and for the first time I noticed how genuine his expressions were.
 It was almost like he was a different person when he wasn't concentrating on explaining some particularly stubborn math problem to one of the slower students.
 You know, the ones who still didn't understand why anyone needed to know their multiplication tables.
 "And here I had such high hopes for you becoming a true math geek.
 Granted, you've shown pretty mediocre progress so far.
 I don't think I've once seen you skip a meal just so you could graph out some new function.
 Also you've evidenced no inclination to check out old textbooks from the library in an effort to edge out your competition at the next math bowl.
 Still, I had hoped.
 I mean being a tutor and all, it seemed like a given."
 I stuck out my tongue.

 I thought you would......." I teased. He grinned and laughed.<eop> "Well, I didn't." Well, I had to tell myself what I had thought. "I don't blame you." I mean, I was so excited
-
“The founders were,” she says.
 We talk about the college, which she had loved.
 Then her friend joins us.
 She too is small, attractive and friendly.
 I’ll call her Sweet (since Sweety or Sweetheart might sound demeaning).
 She too attended George Fox.
 Our talk drifts from the varieties of modern Quakers to the benefits and hazards of churches in general.
 That last topic becomes the lead-in to her story.
 No sooner has she begun the telling, than Curly wanders off.
 Later I'll notice her on a couch close by, reading a book, or maybe pretending while she keeps watch over her friend, who no doubt is considered wacky by many, for reasons her story will clarify.

 later, her friend is in the room. Curly wants to go to sleep. She also wants to lay down on the rug, next to her friends. Soon, she’s in the room and her friend is gone. Curly wanders into the room, pretending to be in the
-
Eugene – I didn’t use any hand signs damnit.
 Jim – I know, you used your cache of ‘your mamma’ jokes on em.
 Am I right?
 Come on, am I right?
 Your momma is so fat she eats Wheat-Thicks!
 That would have done it.
 Eugene – No, I didn’t call their mom’s anything, cut it out damnit, I didn’t do anything to make them angry.
 (gets up and paces a bit, rubbing his hands through his hair, or some other sort of nervous/annoyed action)
 Jim – Since it wasn’t something you said…you must have worn your McDonald’s uniform for gang colors again.
 Eugene – It should have worked, people just don’t seem to understand how tough you have to be to work there.

 .....” Eugene – I mean, you didn’t even say, “..............................” – Eugene – I was supposed to
-
“They will never leave,” Qurrah said.
 “They are stubborn and will defend their homes until death.”
 “It is more than that,” Velixar said.
 “The Quellan elves have already been pushed across the rivers by the Mordan people.
 Both races of elves fear for their existence.
 Celestia has grown distant to her clerics.
 Mankind breeds like mice while the elves find themselves gradually dwindling.
 A man fighting an elf is like a grain of sand blowing against a stone, yet strong winds and fields of sand can reduce the sturdiest of boulders to dust.”
 “What are we to do?” Qurrah asked.
 Velixar looked at him and smiled.

 answer, Velixar and I both laughed.<eop> “The elves have no way to return to the village. They leave their baskets full of sand in the river and cross the mountains. After the day, they come to the village and meet the villagers. The villagers greet them and tell them
-
I even let her lead me up the creaky stairs to show me the 'amazing view' for the third time.
 Mom pulled the mirrors out of my hands as soon as I reached the larger bedroom, and nudged me towards the window.
 "Admit it, Adri, we didn't get sunsets like this very often in Minnesota."
 "Adriana," I corrected automatically, trying to avoid thinking about where my nickname had come from.
 The sunset was beautiful, just starting to turn the sky pink as a prelude to the glorious oranges that would no doubt follow.
 It was the kind of thing that Mom was always trying to capture with her camera, but which never seemed to turn out quite as good as the real thing.
 The sunset wasn't what captured my interest though, it was the greenery.
 Mom's room looked out to the west, the gorgeous side that reminded me of the place and people that would always be home.
 Mom carting me off to the middle of nowhere wasn't going to change that.
 There was a huge tree on the far edge of the yard.

 out to the back of the yard to see the tree, and then to the far left side of the yard, seeing the greenery that lay to the right of the tree behind me. The edge of the tree was hidden from me, so far that I couldn't see any of it.
-
Gains in productivity due to new technology, particularly delayed gains from the micro-computer revolution of the 1980s and the growth of factory automation, have slowed job growth in some industries.
 The increasing competitiveness of the NIEs of Asia and most recently China has displaced jobs in the West, primarily unskilled jobs.
 The major impact of several of these factors has already been felt and is now beginning to subside.
 Some will continue for several more years.
 Still others may entirely reverse their direction and contribute to job growth later in the decade.
 Not one is an irreversibly negative factor that will continue to exert a downward pressure on job growth for the foreseeable future.
 Job Creation during the Twentieth Century
 A long-term, global perspective is needed to understand fully the employment problem and the prospects for eliminating it.
 Over the past four decades, the world economy has generated more than one billion jobs, more than were created during the previous four centuries.
 If past trends continue, it will create another 1.3 billion during the next 35 years.

 growth of the NIEs, the growth in productivity, and the population growth, are all expected to affect the growth in jobs for the foreseeable future. Thus, job creation for the next 20 years, the more the jobs in America, the fewer jobs in Asia and jobs in Europe. Similarly,
-
“You said most elves remember when men were created…‌do you know how orcs were made?”
 The elf looked at him.
 She was trying to read him, Harruq could tell, but he endured it without protest.
 “When Ashhur and Karak warred, there were elves that sought to end it,” she said.
 “Against Celestia’s orders, they joined Karak, hoping their aid would finally end the conflict.
 When our goddess imprisoned the two gods, she cursed those elves.
 She stripped them of their beauty, their intelligence, and their long life.
 They weren’t evil, Harruq, but Karak offered them strength and they accepted it.
 The dark god drove them to war against elves and men.
 Finally the orcs were banished to the Vile Wedge between the rivers.”

 what she told me, but then I saw the elf in the elf. I knew that there was some evil in the creation of orcs, but there was something else..... what she had just told me.<eop> “Remember how the men were made...
-
She was not the typical girl entering an 80’s bar and dance club.
 My mouth must have dropped open as I watched her every move; she appeared to be looking for someone in particular.
 I looked at my friend Bill and I swear I said to him: “I am going to marry that girl!” We hadn’t been there long, and I wasn’t drunk or impaired in any way, I just remember she seemed to be literally glowing, and I knew.
 I had never felt this before and I have never felt it since.
 Bill jokingly picked up a coin from the change on the bar and said “I’ll flip you for her” to which I replied, “Flip all you want, that is going to be my wife!” Bill flipped the coin anyway and I called “tails,” and tails it was.
 I had no choice but to muster the courage to talk to her.
 Her reception was cool.
 Her name was Lisa and she was there to meet her friend who happened to be dating the bartender (who I knew well) so that was a good angle for me to work.
 I was doing pretty well getting to know her when a couple of girls I knew (and who I had hit on earlier) decided to have a little fun and disrupt my progress with this stunning lady.
 The two girls leaned in, their long dark hair flowing down and draping over each of my shoulders.

 was hot, I was hot, and she was gorgeous. I was looking at her as she was about to come into the room, and I was just getting out of the chair when one of the girls saw me and she invited me to join her, and promised to let me dance. I was
-
“What are they doing?” he asked.
 Qurrah searched the line, and he saw what he suspected.
 “The necromancer,” he observed, pointing to the black shape hidden underneath robes and a hood.
 “Those alongside him are dead, Harruq.
 They serve only him.”
 “Huh,” Harruq said.
 “Lot of good he’s doing.
 How are the orcs going to get through the wall, they have nothing but…”
 The man in black robes lifted his hand.
 Qurrah saw pale and bony fingers hooked in strange formations.

 with a long, hooded hands at the end of the line. Then another man, in dark black robes with a long hooded hands. Huh..........................<eop>
-
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered to her.
 “Forgive me, please, if you can…”
 “What are you babbling about?” the elf asked, her eyes cracking open.
 Harruq tried to smile, but a sob came out instead.
 He hugged her, his forehead pressed against hers.
 “Help me up,” she said.
 Harruq did as commanded.
 When she was standing, he grabbed his blades and sheathed them.
 She leaned all her weight against him, and such close contact only deepened his guilt and anger.
 He knew she watched him, and he wiped away his tears as quickly and subtly as he could.

 was only a few feet, and Harruq knew she saw him. She made her way to the side of his arms, pressing her body to him. She laid her head against him, and turned her back again to the elves. He helped her grab the blade, sheathing it in his
-
He just set a school record for the most detentions assigned in a single class."
 With James' considerable frame opening a route through the crowded hallway, it took almost no time to make it to my locker.
 Jasmin was waiting for me, and if she didn't exactly look overwhelmed with joy, she at least wasn't scowling.
 We were just outside Mrs. Campbell's class when a muted hiss from Jasmin alerted me to impending danger.
 I didn't realize what was happening until I felt the rising tingle of energy wash over me.
 It was both warmer and weaker than normal, and for the first time I realized that Jasmin's power was different than what I'd felt from Alec.
 It arced back and forth between us with a fury that jolted me all the way down to the soles of my feet as Vincent and Cassie came into sight.
 The answering surges of power from the two rival shape shifters made my hair stand on end as Jasmin shoved me into the classroom, moving with only slightly more than human speed.
 I probably should have cleared out of the way, but despite there being nothing I could do to help Jasmin if it came to an open fight, I wasn't going to abandon her.
 As Vincent and Cassie got closer, something about them seemed off.

 was looking at me, and I quickly realized that I wasn't in the room I was supposed to be. After wrapping my head around, I heard the sound of bangs, and the sound of a hammering against a wall in the middle of class. There was also the sound of
-
I’d taken no direct beatings like my other training and I wasn’t getting as tired.
 No magic.
 I could see why they used weapons.
 Chevelle pushed harder, assaulting me with faster and stronger swings.
 I was able to defend myself if I focused.
 Murmurs of approval floated in from our audience.
 I enjoyed that more than I probably should have.
 I concentrated hard and began throwing a few good hits of my own in with the blocks.
 Our swords clashed repeatedly, neither of us hitting the mark.
 I was certain he could have, but confident I was blocking well.

 tried to hit the mark, and he blocked. I threw it and... I tried to hit it. I tried to put the right block on the left sword. I tried to put the left to hit the mark. I tried to put the right block to hit the..
-
I collapsed onto all fours, hardly noticing the burning pain from my damaged palms, and let the racking sobs take over.
 I probably would've stayed there all night if not for the howling.
 It'd been going for several seconds before it pulled me back from the mental abyss I'd been so eagerly approaching.
 I looked around blankly for several more heartbeats before I finally managed to place the noise.
 Wolves.
 There weren't supposed to be any wolves in the area, but there wasn't any ignoring my ears.
 I numbly pulled myself back up, and began stumbling back towards the party, only to stop as another howl echoed down through the canyon.
 It was between me and everyone else.
 I turned and started into a shuffling run.
 Maybe the wolf would be attracted to the noise and light.

 ...... I couldn't hear it, I told myself. It was a wolf, but...,.......... I heard the start to.......,......,..
-
Rodregas was not Doi’van’s equal in spirit, but he knew that though he would likely die that he could not turn away from the Hellborn’s example.
 Rodregas then turned to Imeralda, her eyes told a different story.
 She both wanted to run fast and far and she wanted to try to free the Nymphs.
 Simply stated, she was scared.
 She was young, barely more than a girl, and not a trained warrior.
 She was also much more fragile than either Doi’van or Rodregas; a blow that would only stun the two of them would shatter her.
 Her incredible magic power would do her little good in a stand up battle.
 For all of that she gave a nod; she was willing to follow his lead.
 If he wanted to attack, she would follow them.
 How could someone so young and inexperienced be so brave?

 , she thought to herself that that’s not really his question. She knew that it would be more than that. If Doi’van attacked them, and if Imeralda was not willing to follow him, he was willing to run, not to be one of them. It was
-
All that mattered was I was finally able to tell someone.
 I never really got myself under control; my sobs just subsided enough for me to tell Rachel I wanted to go home.
 Isaac was standing right outside the classroom door, and unobtrusively helped Rachel get me to his car where she jumped into the back with me.
 Even through the haze of tears I could tell he wasn't happy about the seating arrangement, but once again Rachel showed the kind of iron will she'd demonstrated with James.
 Almost before I knew it we were rolling to a stop in my driveway.
 I fumbled, for the latch, but Rachel put a hand on my arm before I could get the door open.
 She handed me a white-wrapped package with a shy smile.
 "Hang in there.
 Oh, and happy birthday.
 Don't open it now, but I hope you like it."

 , and the teacher, and the parents, and the teacher's, and I all said our goodbyes. I thought this was my birthday to Rachel, the teacher and Isaac. This was not my birthday to James, my birthday to Isaac. This was my birthday.<eop> We drove down the
-
He was tall and broad with dark hair and eyes.
 Like Chevelle.
 Handsome too, I supposed, though I could tell even from these few gestures he was a bit cocky.
 He reminded me of Evelyn, always so proud of herself for finding me out.
 The stranger watched me as I ate.
 When I devoured the first piece, he laughed and threw me another.
 I hoped I looked appropriately abashed.
 As I finished the second serving, he stepped closer to sit on the misshapen rock that rose through the earth beside me.
 He held his hand wide and a canteen flew up from a pile of things on the other side of the fire.
 He passed it to me, and I tilted it back, expecting cool water.

 did, I took the can out, and sat in front of the fire and took a drink. As I opened it, and tasted the water, I closed my eyes.<eop> Yeah, I made it.<eop> He cleared the food off the fire and poured it into the water. I looked
-
Suddenly the sleeping lion looked up in surprise and started to growl and then he started to burn.
 Rodregas had seen enough of lesser versions of the ritual to expect it, but to watch it was amazing.
 The circle blazed with an intense heat that blasted his face and the magnificent creature inside blazed with blue creation fire.
 It was a sudden and violent and primal process.
 The lion started to stand up and then simply fell apart into blazing blue energy.
 That energy surged out of the circle and swirled around inside the larger outer circle.
 Every hair on Rodregas’ body stood at attention.
 Then the blue flaming energy was sucked into the pale green circle.
 There the prisoner, now empty of his own essence, stood still.
 As the blue fire was sucked into his body, the corporal body suddenly seemed more solid than before.

 gas became aware, for the first time, that the corporal body itself was shifting and he was starting to tremble. Suddenly he was aware of the presence of the prison and he was in the presence of the pure blue energy of the corporal body. The body suddenly started to move and then...
-
I must cleanse my mind of this sudden bombardment of thoughts and I must focus!
 I pull into the parking lot of the Starbucks just as my crack-berry rings.
 I see Ashley standing inside the coffee shop with her cell phone up to her ear.
 I answer the phone as I notice a space directly facing the front door of Starbucks is opening up as a car begins to back out.
 She asks me where I am and I tell her I am looking at her from in the truck waiting for that front spot to open.
 She sees me, and as we talk I can see her lips move slightly ahead of the sound of her voice.
 I didn’t see the red Dodge Charger anywhere when I was pulling in and I don’t see it now.
 I scan the people around Ashley as I am pulling forward but Steve, the young man in the surveillance photo, the boyfriend and drug dealer is nowhere to be seen.
 What I can’t see worries me more than what I can as I scan my surroundings.
 Ashley continues to talk as I look directly at her, she says she will get in the car when I park and I watch her hang up the phone as she walks towards the door I am now facing.

 the door as well to look at me as I pull up. Ashley is sitting next to me and she stares me in the eyes, her eyes moving to me and forward. I don’t see what I don't want to see, I am caught in a moment of the reality that is
-
he suggested as they drove home Friday night after dinner and a movie.
 "Drive?
 Your automobile?"
 "Sure.
 Would you like that?"
 "I'd love it!"
 She almost choked on her Slurpee, the first she'd ever had.
 "Where can I drive to?"
 "From one end of the parking lot to the other."
 "A parking lot?"

 This isn't a parking lot. """..." "".."" A parking lot? ""..'What is a parking lot?" """"" "" """" """""
-
"Can he win?
 Alec, I mean.
 Can he ki...beat Brandon?"
 Isaac's sigh was eloquent.
 "I'm forbidden to speak on these things.
 To do so risks no small amount of Alec's displeasure."
 "But you're going to anyways, aren't you?"
 "It is right that you know the sacrifice undertaken on your behalf, both by Alec, and by the rest of our family.
 The one because of his feelings for you, the other because of our respect and love for Alec."
 "It's true then; he can't win."

 nodded. "I won."<eop> Isaac smiled. "You won, and I won. I know you won, and I know what love is." "I promise won't ever lose it."<eop> "Yes, I promise, I can promise."
-
I nodded, scanning his desk while I waited.
 Whethers, Mr. Whethers.
 "Right then, I believe there is a vacancy next to Ms. Samuels in the back."
 People were still trickling into the room, so at least I was spared the full gantlet, but the few gazes I met were still unfriendly until I reached the last table.
 The skinny-ish blond girl already at the table smiled at me as I sat down.
 "Hi, I'm Britney."
 I didn't know what to make of her.
 She looked like the type who was always on the fringe of the popular crowd.
 She was the girl who was the first to follow whatever fad happened to be in, and the first to turn on someone if it would make her just a tad more acceptable to her peers.
 I mumbled a response, something that wasn't rude, but which couldn't be mistaken as pleading for friendship.

 her head and placed my hand at her side. "Sings, please..." I smiled at her, the look of my eyes looking at her, the look of her face as I smiled at her. She nodded, and as she strolled further into the room, I
-
I can’t.
 Let’s just say, that after the preliminaries, which took hours, days maybe, she sat on me, and I entered her, and she was hot like sulfur, like a volcano.
 Tophet.
 Her cunt was hot, and I fell so deeply into her that I haven’t come out yet.
 Can you dig that?
 I haven’t come out yet.
 In a way, we are still in that first fuck, that first joining.
 Lorelei was my salvation.
 All that stuff about me going awry is such bullshit, if you could see it the way I see it.
 So much nasty stuff has been written and said about Lor—Crafty, shit I can’t forgive him—and she’s handled it all with such grace.

 , shit,,,,,,,.Crafty, shit,,,,,,... she’s just fucking fucking me, and all of you shit I can’t forgive... shit I
-
Once more Ravenhurr yelled out in his melodious voice the trigger words for the next part of the ritual, “Mana faria podia ricoria.” It was now or never for Rodregas to strike.
 Rodregas raised his arm up and threw his club forward with all his strength.
 There was no time to see if his club hit Junnit or if the half AElfin maiden ran.
 Rodregas half ran and half jumped to the next circle, where Ravenhurr stood with raised arms.
 Ravenhurr was focused on his inner magic and was not prepared for his own guards’ sudden action.
 Rodregas grabbed Ravenhurr’s arm and his belt, and using his weight and momentum against Ravenhurr, threw him bodily into the circle of colorful crystals where the half AElf maiden had stood moments ago.
 Ravenhurr, in an amazing act of balance, almost caught himself.
 He seemed to defy gravity as he hung in the air.
 Rodregas tried to reach out to push Ravenhurr into the circle, but before his hand touched the sorcerer, Ravenhurr lost his balance and fell into the circle.
 The moment that Ravenhurr crossed into the circle he started to burn.

 gas was going to die.....<eop> Ravenhurr had a nightmare. He was at the center of darkness, he had his twin brother, and he was close to him. He ran to find his brother, he cried and prayed for him. When he was at the center of
-
It was like watching a pair of wolves bringing down an elk.
 I'd seen gangs work together like this before, but it seemed strangely out of place in Sanctuary.
 I was positive there was going to be a fight after all, but then Vincent grabbed some poor freshman, shoved him into Isaac, and pushed his way downstairs as Isaac caught the human missile.
 As soon as Vincent was safely out of sight, everyone surged forward to congratulate Isaac on having saved Ben, and Ben on having not died.
 ** The near fight between Isaac and Vincent and then Alec's intervention seemed to be the buzz for the next two hours.
 It appeared that a lot of other people felt the same way that I did.
 Alec was plenty prickly and stuck up, but that was nothing compared to how much the average student hated Vincent, who seemed to delight in making everyone's life miserable.
 The teachers seemed curiously ignorant of everything.
 Nobody else seemed to think that was unusual, which freaked me out almost as much as Ben having nearly gone over the stairs.
 At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.

 I had to know nothing about it.<eop><eod> <unk> I'm done. I was not going to go to the school. I wanted the hell out of the house. I had to drive the damn car. I didn't even want to go to the bathroom. I didn't
-
Does that scare you?"
 I shook my head.
 "No.
 I guess a little, but not like it should.
 You wouldn't hurt me after everything you've done for us."
 "I could kill you without even meaning to.
 You're so fragile.
 All it would take is an accident, a momentary loss of control.
 I really am a monster."
 "No, you're not.

 ..'''''''"'''''''.'''"''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''"...''
-
A large bed topped with decorated pillows and colorful blankets centered the opposite wall, twice the size of the one I’d been using.
 A tall rack in the corner was draped with materials—deep violet and emerald-green silks, dark wools, and a rainbow of patterned scarves.
 Shelves alongside were filled full with curiosities and a few books lay on the bedside table near a lantern.
 I stepped into the tub, sinking down as lavender-scented steam rose to dampen my face and hair.
 I breathed deep.
 It seemed to be helping, so I closed my eyes and relaxed.
 The water started to chill several times, but I was hesitant to get out.
 At the risk of boiling myself, I eased the magic I’d been using to reheat the bath.
 Finally, I felt well enough to stand.
 I picked up one of the soaps and washed quickly, then pulled the water from the tub to rinse the suds away.

 up a tea towel and a towel and a paper towel, and washed my hands in the last of the water from the sink. "................................
-
They were fighting, almost back to back, the bodies of councilmen strewn around them.
 I surveyed the land, searching for a stronger animal to jump to, something more harmful.
 I ran through my options—where was a quill pig when you needed it?—but I wasn’t able to find anything near.
 Evidently the fight had cleared the mountain.
 All right, so it was just the hawk.
 And the horses.
 I quickly passed through their minds, urging them to stampede, and then returned to the sky.
 When I entered the bird again, something was wrong.
 It wasn’t only the bird, someone was there.
 Someone else.

 The horse. The dragon... it was someone else. When I wanted to enter the hawk, I needed to enter the bird.<eop> Eventually I was able to return to the dragon again. Dragons, dragon, hawk, horses, horses, dragons. Horse, horses.
-
"I'm sorry, sweetheart.
 I just love you so much."
 The words "I love you too" formed in her mind, but his tight embrace had knocked the breath out of her and kept the words from slipping out.
 "Rick," she gasped, "please put me down."
 He set her down and then took her face between his hands, raining kisses on her lips and cheeks and eyelids.
 "I love you so much."
 She put her hands on his chest and pushed away.
 "Let me catch my breath!"
 "I'm sorry."
 He caressed her cheek.

 . "I love you too." He kissed her forehead. "I love you so much.<eop> I love you... much." He rained on her face. "I love you so much. I love you too." He rained on her forehead.
-
I wasn't hungry.
 I knew I should eat something, but that hardly merited putting together anything more complicated than a sandwich.
 What was I trying to accomplish?
 I slowly put the pan in the oven as I admitted to myself that even after more than two days, the odds were better than even that I'd be eating alone, that most of the food would go into the fridge untouched.
 My class work, neglected as it had been all day, really deserved my attention, but I didn't have the heart to pull it out.
 I knew I wouldn't find any kind of refuge there.
 Instead, I pulled out a pencil and a sheet of paper from my notebook, and started sketching.
 The process slowly started pulling me back out of the numbness.
 I wasn't actually any good as an artist.
 Mom had exposed me to enough art for me to realize that early on.

 wasn't any good as a writer..............I was numb, confused, and I needed to do. I really needed to do something. I quickly finished my sketches, folded them, and started the kitchen again.<eop> I had a
-
I remembered how long a thousand years had seemed to me before I planned on spending it in a prison.
 Ruby walked in and I snapped the book shut, positive I shouldn’t have taken it from her table without permission.
 One glance at her stifled reaction and I knew I’d not be able to ask her about what I’d read.
 “Sleep well?” she asked.
 “Oh,” I started, my voice hoarse.
 She handed me a glass of water, which she smoothly traded for the book.
 “Dreams,” I complained.
 She smiled as she sat on the bed beside me.
 “Some seek out the breath.
 They say it is foresight.” “Foresight?” She nodded.

 sleep well?” I got up from bed, knowing that the next day was on my hands. I had decided what I was going to do when I was going to do it. It was over a thousand years ago, but I knew. Five years later, when I sat up and opened my eyes
-
Do you know of anything like that?"
 I heard something snap off to my right, but I was too busy blushing from the chorus of giggles coming from the front of the classroom.
 Even Mrs. Alexander had an amused smile on her kind face.
 "While there are certain types of vegetation that do indeed glow, I'm afraid I don't know of any natural phenomenon that would create the kind of effect you're referring to.
 Such a thing is still the provenance of science fiction writers."
 I knew I'd gotten a little carried away.
 The prime rule of high school survival involved avoiding situations people could use to ridicule you later, but I'd really wanted a rational explanation for my dreams.
 They seemed so real.
 I needed a friendly face to get me through the rest of class.
 Remembering Alec's smile from earlier, I looked over at him, hoping he'd return my sheepish grin.

 't ask Mr. Alec directly, I had to ask Mrs. Alexander, who was right on the other side. I had been looking for a nice face. When I got to the classroom door, I noticed that I had to leave the room. There was a pause and Mr. Alexander was
-
He crossed the distance between the two in a heartbeat.
 Velixar accepted a stab deep into his chest.
 A pale hand grabbed Dieredon’s throat, its grip iron and its flesh ice.
 “It will be painful,” Velixar said.
 Vile magic swirled about his hand, pouring into Dieredon’s neck.
 The blood in his veins clotted and thickened.
 A toss of his hand and the elf flew through the air.
 He rolled across the ground without the usual grace he had shown in combat.
 Qurrah glanced about, paralyzed with fear.
 The remaining elves were returning, deadly and furious, and the darkness that had protected them was gone.

 the creature in the dark, in a place of darkness.................<eop> Coming out of the darkness....... The elf fell to the ground, in the dark.....
-
I jumped a little at the surprise.
 "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you."
 I shrugged as my breathing started to slow down again.
 "It's okay.
 Where were you?"
 "Scouting.
 We had to make sure Brandon's pack wasn't waiting for us."
 "How can you be sure?
 They could be hidden anywhere."
 Alec shook his head, his eyes strangely gentle.

 ..""""""""".".."""""..."""""""""", """"".""""", """.."""""""
-
His body was probably too weak to do more than cuddle, but Imeralda seemed to be acting very friendly with the healer.
 Rodregas was not sure if something had changed between them while he was healing.
 The possibility that he had lost what they had just started to explore together made Rodregas’ heart heavy.
 “So, I have been wanting to ask you a question,” said Jordaan.
 “Are the two of you related?
 That is, you and Doi’van?” Rodregas was caught off guard at the ridiculous question.
 “Not to mention the obvious,” Rodregas said, “but Doi’van is an Orqui Hellborn from across the Sea and I am…” Rodregas paused in confusion, what exactly was he now?
 He reached for the closest comparison and said, “I have some Celestial blood, but I am human.” “Oh,” Jordaan said, “well that is strange, you do know that you are also part Hellborn, right?
 Hellborns are very rare in this part of the world and your bodies feel so similar that I thought you might be related through a… well a distant relation.” His heart stopped at his words and he asked in a rush, “You are saying I am Hellborn?
 That is impossible!” “Can we wait one moment?” asked Imeralda raising her hand.

 wonder if I knew you as a Hellborn,” then he replied, “I am not Hellborn. I have a kind of blood, but it is not blood. It is far more than a distant relation. That is, I am a Hellborn or a human? Why am I a Hell
-
Her body shook with sobs.
 Rick scooped her up and sat down with her on his lap.
 "Please don't cry, sweetheart," he pleaded, kissing her hair.
 He opened his mouth to tell her that she might not even be able to get back, since she'd been unsuccessful so far.
 But that would just hurt her more.
 Still, the thought calmed his own turbulent feelings.
 When her tears were exhausted, Marie rested quietly in Rick's arms.
 If they had been in 1927, everything would be different.
 Rick was so much warmer, so much more thoughtful and loving and fun than Davis.
 She would never have given Davis a second glance if she'd known Rick in 1927.

 to tell him, not to tell him about Davis. Rick had told her about Davis. Even though her heart was broken, she did not need to tell him about Davis. She'd known Davis in 1927, but she'd died in 1927. She was like that now. She didn'
-
The braided, lacquered leather reinforced with the steel scales provided decent protection for most fights.
 This style of armor was vulnerable to a highly skilled swordsman.
 But for someone wanting some protection from the dangers of the road, it was better than most civilian armor.
 There were matching pants and even boots.
 He quickly dressed and felt much better once armored.
 He had spent most of his adult life in armor; he just could not relax when he wore only clothes.
 Rodregas then looked around; the keep armory was pretty basic with casks of arrows and spears, and some of the older used short swords and bows on the wall.
 There were only two truly powerful weapons like those used by a member of the Immortal Guards – the soldiers that enforced the rule of the Immortalist Guild of the Celestial Path who ruled all the Eastern Kingdoms and neither of these weapons were kept in the armory.
 He looked over to the short swords laying on one of the tables and picked two of them up; they felt a little weird.
 The swords were too light and the balance seemed off as he took a few practice strokes.

 to his longest sword and grabbed the short swords on the next table and moved one after the other to the next table in the room. It was always fun for him to practice strokes in the room – and this sword was the most fun sword he ever had.<eop> He put the short sword
-
I think maybe I was afraid he'd overhear and return to finish the job.
 My shoulders felt like the skin was on fire, but I knew it was just my imagination.
 His grip had been rock-hard, but he hadn't actually squeezed enough to hurt me.
 He'd shown pretty good control for someone who'd just been spanked in a debate, and obviously wanted to rip my head off.
 Turning around to return to the tutor room, I almost tripped over my own feet when I saw Britney standing just outside the closed door.
 "Are you crazy?
 First you side with Rachel against Brandon, firmly putting yourself in Alec's camp, and then you turn around and piss off Alec?"
 I really wasn't in the mood to argue with Britney, so I tried for nonchalance.
 "So now I'm not on anyone's side.
 They'll both leave me alone and I'll be fine."

 . "Yeah. " " He turned to face me.<eop> "Are you crazy with Rachel?" asked. "Are you crazy with the others? " "Yeah." I nodded. "Yeah. "Yeah?" I asked. "
-
Food production and employment have lagged far behind population growth.
 In the absence of legal channels of protest, opposition parties have frequently resorted to violence.
 By the end of the 1980s the lack of material progress and the emergence of young educated professionals in leadership positions had fostered, on the one hand, a revolt against single-party rule and, on the other, popular pressure for multi-party democracy that have together resulted in a democratic domino effect, similar to the spread of communist rule which Western democracies had feared would overwhelm South Asia twenty years ago.
 As recently as 1989, only four African countries could be considered stable democracies and three more were moving in that direction.
 Only three years later, 18 African nations could be classified as democratic and a number of others were in the midst of far-reaching political change.
 The peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa is one remarkable outcome of this process.
 There are even winds of change in the Middle East, where Jordan has recently shown the way by conducting free elections.
 The role of democracy in development would be even more compelling were it not for the apparently contradictory evidence posed by the recent experience of Russia and China.
 Russia hastened to introduce democratic reforms in the hope that they would lead to rapid economic advancement.
 China preferred to postpone political reforms until the economic transition was much further advanced.

 political systems in both countries were stable and open, with the emergence of young men and women willing to participate in politics. Close ties existed between the political leaders and the students, and the political leaders were always willing to negotiate with them. The recent developments demonstrated that there was a substantial change in Russia,
-
Liz – What about Gene?
 Jim – Hmmmm?
 Oh yeah.
 This morning Gene told me he had to speak with Dad.
 Liz – What about?
 Jim – Well it turns out that Gene wants to be adopted into our family.
 Liz – Are you serious?
 Jim – Sadly yes.
 Liz – What do you mean ‘sadly yes’?
 Jim – I mean I would have to live under the same roof as Gene and Johnny.

 – Jim – Gene... Gene.... Johnny...... Jim – Jim – – do you want to live closer to your family? Jim – Yeah – I mean
-
“I’m strong enough for whatever they want from me,” Harruq insisted.
 “We have no need for money.” Qurrah reminded him.
 “We take what we need.
 We always have.”
 “My days are spent in boredom and you know it,” Harruq said.
 “How long will they offer that much coin?”
 Qurrah popped his neck, wincing as he did.
 “So be it,” he conceded.
 “Take the work…‌if they’ll take you.”
 This put a bit of a damper on Harruq’s enthusiasm.

 the work, the work... take the work, the work... the work, the work, the work... take it... take the work. Take the work, the work, the work, take the work, the work, the work, the work.
-
My heart burns with this betrayal, and I must know who to punish.”
 Qurrah felt ill at ease.
 All around him, the sea of undead swayed and moaned as if they shared their master’s anger.
 “Perhaps it is a mistake,” he said.
 “Or he has done so only to keep himself safe.
 Let me talk to him.
 He will listen to me; he always has.”
 Velixar shook his head and pointed toward Woodhaven in the far distance.
 “Back there he left you, and I must punish him for such…‌Qurrah, look to the sky.”
 Qurrah followed Velixar’s gaze, and there in the distance he saw many white objects faintly illuminated by the stars.

 , however, was very dark, and there in the light it looked like a cow. Upon turning it to him, a thick mist appeared over it, and Qurrah cradled it with his right hand, wanting to keep it as if it were on the ground. “My heart is heavy,
-
Wanting to prolong the moment as long as possible, she asked him, "What is it?"
 "Open it and see."
 She took it, glancing at his face as she raised the lid.
 The sapphire immediately caught the light, and she gasped.
 "This is beautiful!"
 He reached out to take her hand.
 "Marie, will you marry me?"
 She gazed at him for a moment before crying, "Yes!"
 and throwing her arms around his neck.
 Gently disengaging her arms, he took the ring from the box and slid it onto her finger.

 the ring and she felt it gently up on her finger. She thought it might be her wedding ring. She nodded, smiled, and cried, "Yes!," and took his hand and slid it up onto her finger. When she touched the ring, she felt it touch her finger and
-
After a quick glance around, I slid the book back into my pack.
 I rolled over and fell asleep listening to Ruby’s quiet tune.
 The next morning, the group seemed in unusually high spirits.
 I had no idea why the mood had shifted, but I enjoyed the laughter and joking anyway.
 We rode past a waterfall, the roar of water making me curious.
 I figured Ruby was my best bet.
 Chevelle gave me no answers and though hers were sometimes cryptic, I knew she’d been reading books on magic.
 “Ruby, is there a way to harness the power of things… like that waterfall?” Grey glanced at me.
 The look of concern for my intelligence was not exactly uncommon, but it was something I could never quite get used to.
 “Not that I know of,” she said.

 sy, there is a way harness the power of...” I shook my head a bit in agreement.<eop> “Yes, if there is any such a thing possible,” Grey said, in a deep, serious voice. “Rubsy, can you please tell me what you think
-
The phenomenon of growing violence in an age of increasing affluence seems to contradict the thesis that poverty is one of the major causes of violence, until we realize that the increasingly visible signs of prosperity the world over raise the expectations and aggravate the sense of deprivation and revolt among those that have been by-passed by the general progress.
 Greater political and social freedom can only further magnify this tendency.
 This suggests that violence at the international, national and community levels cannot and will not be eradicated before poverty itself has been abolished, and that, if poverty is left unaddressed at its source, further economic progress is likely further to aggravate conflict in society, unless we are able to extend the benefits of progress to everyone.
 This realization would be quite disconcerting were it not for the fact that we are fast approaching the time when both these persistent ills of humankind can be banished forever – the way slavery and colonialism were banished in the past.
 The recognition that it is neither desirable nor possible to go backwards adds urgency to our efforts to move forward.
 Revolutions of the past have been partial and localized negative reactions against an existing social order, and benefited only a small part of society that, in turn, blindly resisted change.
 They resulted in war and usually much destruction.
 The revolution of rising expectations is a positive, constructive movement spreading to encompass people at all levels of all societies around the globe, and pressing for the establishment of a higher social organization that can meet the expectations of all humanity.
 But the energies liberated by this revolution have to be properly converted into an evolutionary effort for development, otherwise they will fly off in unwanted directions.
 Society must provide the conditions and opportunities for these energies to express themselves positively and constructively in pursuit of their own fulfilment.

 now is not the time either to create a social environment that will facilitate the development of individuals and society. First, it is important to understand that the basic reality is that poverty and inequality have had a negative effect on the rates of economic growth and productivity, of the distribution of wealth, and of the
-
He took something I made for my brother, and I made him pay dearly for it.”
 The man in black nodded, going over the memory in his mind.
 “Could be darker, though,” he said.
 “You need not use memories, but they are easier to project.
 Any thought can be sent to those who slumber.
 After you have practiced, we will try with images you created on your own.”
 The half-orc pulled his robes around him and looked back to the city.
 “When will we assault Woodhaven?” he asked.
 Velixar’s face was an unmoving stone.
 “When did I say we would?”

 back to the city, brooding into the night.<eop> Finally, Velixar calmed, and turned his eyes to the city. “We have a long way.” He pointed to the group of men in the street, eager to see his plan to take them to the city.<eop>
-
She can take you home, I'll come pick you up every morning."
 My head was spinning.
 Why would the most popular boy in school want to pick me up for school every morning?
 "You don't need to do that; I can always just ride the bus."
 Brandon flipped open the passenger door and motioned for me to get in.
 I started around the vehicle, stumbling and nearly falling before I finally made it to my destination.
 Brandon waited for me to get my seatbelt on and then gunned the engine, flipping around a hundred and eighty degrees in a maneuver I'd never seen anyone perform outside of the movies.
 "Of course I don't have to pick you up.
 It's more a matter of wanting to, if I can say that without making things all weird.
 I have obligations at school, people who depend on me.

 Maybe she can take you home, I really don't have to take you to school in the morning," Brandon said. "Maybe she can pick you up at the bus."<eop> "Oh" " "" " "" " " "
-
And I got dressed.
 Lor came in that morning and I was sitting there in my clothes waiting for her.
 We checked me out.
 We went down to the nurse’s station and said, room 1324 checking out.
 (laughs)  It’s funny now.
 But, then, it was like we were doing something extraordinary and perhaps not entirely wholesome.
 We drove home in compete silence.
 And when we got home, we undressed as if it were all scripted, as if this was the end of that chapter.
 And when we were both naked, we fell together into the bed.
 And we fucked and cried and cried and fucked and it was all ok.

 ..................................
-
Ask Crafty, ask fucking Tony Hudson, he’s a lawyer.
 They screwed me, plain and simple.
 Well, plain and simple, except I don’t understand it all.
 All I know is that all that old Black Lung stuff—the stuff they know is mine (laughs)—that’s all tied up somehow.
 Ask Pete, my lawyer.
 He’s working on it, as we speak.
 While we sleep.
 Pete is tireless, a true mensch, a force.
 He’ll straighten out those fuckers.
 Meanwhile, I’m on Hounddog Records, ironically, an L.A. outfit.

 fucking... shit, that’s a fucking fuck, fucking... fuck me, fuck me, my shit, my fucking fucking fuck, that’s bullshit. I fucking fuck you, I fucking fuck you, I fucking... fuck that’s... fucks
-
For any strategy to be successful, it must give central importance to self-employment and entrepreneurship, with emphasis on agriculture, agro-industry and small firms in the informal sector.
 While a single approach will not be applicable to countries and regions of the world in different stages of development, a number of common principles and strategies are widely applicable.
 Agriculture as an engine
 Slightly more than half the world’s workforce, of whom 30 per cent are women, are still engaged in agriculture.
 Agriculture will remain the largest single occupation for the foreseeable future.
 For too long this sector has been regarded by planners primarily as the source of essential food production.
 Historically, agriculture has also played a major role as an engine for economic growth and employment.
 The Industrial Revolution in nineteenth-century England was spawned by rising productivity and incomes in agriculture that increased demand for manufactured goods.
 In post-war Japan, South Korea, and more recently Thailand, rising agricultural productivity and a shift to commercial crops have been dynamic engines for economic growth, job creation, higher incomes and rural purchasing power, wider markets for produce, and the growth of downstream industries.
 In Taiwan, this was the result of a conscious strategy to utilize agriculture to stimulate job creation and domestic demand.

 the context of the opportunities for economic growth in Korea and Japan, in China, and Thailand, and in Hong Kong, it is important to emphasize agriculture. In Taiwan, this is an excellent example of the central importance of agriculture especially as an engine for economic development in the developing world. This is because
-
Never feel guilt at what we do to them, for you see what they would do to us.”
 Harruq stood, brushed some dirt from his pants, and then offered Qurrah a hand.
 Together they trudged west, without food, water, or blankets.
 The guards watched them go, smirking all the while.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 That night Harruq collected a bunch of sticks and twigs, which Qurrah lit with a clap of his hands.
 The two huddled over the fire, each lost in their thoughts.
 Harruq broke the silence first.
 “So where will we go?” he asked.

 looked at the guards in turn with a slightly confused expression, but he didn’t move to look at the others. One of the young men with his eyes, hands, and mouth turned to face him. He gave a puff of smoke to his lips and then raised his hand to the fire.
-
“He’s Superman.” She nodded.
 “Let's keep hoping.
 Billy and Cliff should be on their way here, I sent a pass for them."
 The others in the car hadn’t gotten scratched, she said, and waited for an assurance that I wouldn't collapse or fly into a rage.
 I asked her if I could go meet Billy and Cliff.
 Knowing which way they would walk to the office from their auto shop class, around behind the football field, I took that route.
 The teacher was engaged with a carburetor and didn’t notice me trespassing in his class.
 I found Billy and Cliff wearing goggles, huddled over the head to a Chevy, grinding the valves.
 They had decided Mrs. Bole and whatever trouble they were in could wait.
 They had one more valve to grind.

 on the............................................... I went back to the office and got on the
-
Yes, it would be fitting.
 I knew what was coming.
 But what I had read so far was much more horrifying than I’d expected.
 I didn’t want to continue.
 How could I have been so stupid as to forget it was my mother who had destroyed the northern clans, taken the families from everyone I knew?
 As they stood protecting me, the betrayal I’d felt before was gone.
 In its place was a new hurt, a heart-rending sorrow.
 They heard my sobs.
 I was aware of their eyes on me before they uncomfortably turned away again.
 Chevelle approached me warily as I lay curled in a ball on my blankets, the book positioned in front of me.

 the book, curiously, I woke up and began the process of rebuilding my life. I knew I was confused, I was afraid, I was angry, I was hurt, I cried out, I was in shock, fear, sadness, love, hate, I knew nothing. It was a
-
They called the Mayor's office and were told I didn't get the contract to do the tourism brochure.
 They're claiming I committed loan fraud.
 Only I don't understand, Mr. Peters told me I had the job."
 I'd pretty much forgotten about the tourism brochure for the city.
 It'd sounded like the perfect job for Mom, albeit a short term one.
 Now it was sounding like it'd been too good to be true.
 The move had been something I'd opposed and then ignored when my opposition hadn't made any difference.
 I didn't know anything about grown-up things like mortgages.
 I'd been too self-absorbed to learn.
 For the first time I felt guilty about making things harder for Mom.

 was not right. I didn't think I could get a real job to actually do a tourism brochure in the city. What I told her I had the job was true, though, and because I had the job but didn't know how to do anything else, I made things harder for
-
Dominic heard my sudden gasp and reached over to reassure me.
 "He's okay.
 We heal fast, and he heals faster than most."
 "So this isn't normal?"
 Dom shook her head again.
 "No, in most packs, any confrontation ends in violence.
 Generally there are a whole host of dominants who want to become the alpha.
 This would usually turn into a real dominance fight, with the other two doing their very best to kill him before turning on each other to fight over the spoils."
 "That's terrible."
 Her nod was sad.

 , this isn't even normal." I nodded. "Well, it's okay, at least he's healing fast and the alpha is safe."<eop> Dom shook her head again and sighed. "Oh,...." I sighed. "I
-
*** Emily was seriously freaking out.
 Jason and her had run the whole length of the plain and found a giant hole in the ground on the way.
 Yes, a giant hole.
 It sounded crazy to Emily but her eyes didn’t lie.
 And what made it worse was Jason found one of Jazell’s arrows sticking out of the ground.
 But there was no Jazell.
 An arrow without its shooter was never a good sign.
 Emily twirled the arrow in her fingers while Jason paced back and forth.
 Emily had offered to be the one who paced but Jason had waved away her offer and started pacing.
 So all Emily could do was sit there and twirl the arrow in fear because right now it wasn’t looking good for Jazell and Seth.

 had figured out that it was not even safe to walk through the whole length of the field across the plain to Jazell and Seth.............................
-
Alec let me process his latest little tidbit of information, and then continued.
 "Actually, none of us are born with any unusual abilities.
 All of the changes tend to show up more or less around puberty.
 And no, disregard for the consequences of my actions isn't typical.
 In fact I've spent nearly a decade weighing almost every word."
 "So dashing off to rescue an admittedly stupid teenage girl and landing yourself in a fight to the death that you probably can't win isn't how you normally run your life.
 Why did you do it then?"
 Again the silence, but this time, more completely enveloped as I was by the tingly warmth that seemed synonymous with being in his presence, I was content to wait.
 "Apparently Isaac's decided there are a few things you should know.
 Don't try and tell me it wasn't him, you didn't know that particular piece of information an hour ago, and nobody else has had the opportunity to tell secrets."

 " " " " " " ", " " " " " " " " " "... " " " " "" "" " "
-
She extracted a small package from beneath her cloak and passed it to me.
 I pulled the material aside and saw the V etched into the cover.
 I wondered what Chevelle would do if he knew she’d given it to me.
 She answered my curious gaze.
 “It’s yours, and I think you should be able to read it.” I could do nothing but nod.
 It didn’t matter.
 Her expression made it clear she considered herself forgiven.
 She turned, facing the direction Chevelle had gone, and left me to my discoveries.
 I expected fury from my father.
 He never failed to disappoint me.

 my cloak and took out of the envelope, and placed it beneath it. I still couldn’t quite understand the letter. When I lifted the envelope and opened it, in disbelief, seeing the letter I saw in the letters, I was equally disappointed. The letter was written on the other side of
-
The way he walked; the way he moved,” she said.
 “Of course,” he said.
 No one could forget seeing a Celestial animal of any kind much less a lion.
 “You know the great beasts of the Celestial Realm are not just magical animals.
 They are more.
 They are the embodiment of magic, of ideas or concepts for the Celestials: The Great White Stag, The Moon Wolf, The Lion, The Stallion.
 Dire beasts are animals with magic and they are more powerful, smarter, and stronger because of their magic.
 Celestial Beasts are far more.
 You saw that for yourself didn’t you?” she asked softly.
 Rodregas simply nodded.

 “You sure?”<eop> “Oh yes.”<eop> “I was right,” he told her.<eop> “No,” she said. “No, no, you’re wrong. Oh no, I wasn’t wrong to tell you the truth,” she said, shaking her head. “I
-
The inability of the authoritarian system to produce enough food for its people was one of the major factors contributing to its downfall.
 Democracy is the most potent fertilizer to ensure food security at the household level.
 ICPF was founded at a time when a consensus was emerging worldwide that drastic steps were needed to wipe out the hunger and famine that were ravaging parts of the developing world and afflicting to a lesser extent poorer sections of the industrial nations.
 Recognizing that the problem of food was inextricably intertwined with the problems of peace, political and social stability, and employment, and that no comprehensive solution to one was possible without substantial progress on the others, it was our hope and intention that this growing consensus on food could be harnessed to accelerate progress on arms control and disarmament.
 Ironically, events have unfolded in the reverse sequence.
 Rapid progress has been made during the intervening years to reduce international tensions, but little has yet been done effectively to address the food issue.
 Now that opportunity is before us and compels us to act, for without significant progress on abolishing hunger from the earth, our efforts at arms control and peace making may come to naught.
 Increasing the availability of food and jobs form essential components of a comprehensive strategy to eradicate hunger, poverty and violence from the world.
 Food Security
 Despite great achievements in the post-war period, we live in a world of persistent hunger amidst plenty.

 ensuring food security includes the provision of water, renewable and alternative energy sources, transportation infrastructure, agriculture, forestry, health services, nutrition, food security and public health, education, infrastructure, infrastructure, infrastructure, communications and transportation infrastructure, housing, infrastructure, agriculture and housing, and water and water resources.
-
He composed his face again, but she’d already marked him.
 “Oh, you like it.
 She’s fabulous, isn’t she?” She was so proud of herself, but I could tell Chevelle was embarrassed he’d been caught off guard.
 It might have pleased me too, except that I couldn’t tell if it was less how I had changed and more the resemblance to my mother.
 Ruby offered Chevelle a drink and he sat in a chair beside mine.
 She prattled as she enjoyed the wine, and I tried to focus on her stories instead of the occasional glances he threw my way.
 And then he grabbed my arm.
 I flinched, afraid at the quickness and strength of the move, but he only trailed an index finger gently down my arm, over the design, to stop in the center of my palm.
 My arm relaxed into his grip.
 “You like it?

 it beautiful?” He looked back to Ruby, and I smiled. “..................................... Do you like it....
-
CM: 	Ah—
 BG: 	But, he ain’t Verlaine, he ain’t Baudelaire.
 But he’s got some great rock pipes.
 And his lyrics are—well, interesting.
 They’re singable.
 That’s the end of it.
 CM: 	Dylan?
 BG: 	The question always comes back to Bob, doesn’t it?
 Dylan is Dylan, immutable, untouchable.
 But, I think, if you asked him if he was T. S. Eliot, he would only laugh.

 Bob, it’s Bob Dylan, is, he is, T.S. Eliot, he is, he is, he is, he is, T. S Eliot, is, T.S. Eliot. S Eliot is, T. S. Eliot, is, he
-
Johnny – I suppose that all the famous movie stars born in Canada are really advance scouts for the rest of the army then.
 Spreading their evil propaganda and brain-washing the masses hmmmm?
 Jim – Damn strait, those Canadians are sneaky bastards.
 They spread like a virus, but they do it slowly so nobody notices.
 But I’m on to them.
 They won’t get away with this!
 Liz – Bwa ha ha ha!
 Jim & Johnny – What was that?
 Liz – That was an evil sounding laugh, I learned it from Gene.
 Jim – But why did you do it?

 – Jim ” Jim – “ Jim – Jim – Jim ” Jim – ” Jim – “ Jim ” Jim – “ Jim – Jim – Jim! ”  – Jim – ” Jim – Jim – Jim –
-
It wasn't the most flattering comparison ever invented, but at least it allowed me to try and convince myself I'd imagined the near-violence.
 Rachel's laugh was short and bitter.
 "That would be quite the understatement.
 I've known all five of them for quite a while.
 Most of them my whole life.
 Even so, I don't really know what it's like to be a shape shifter.
 Most of the time it just means they're faster and stronger than me.
 That they can heal from things that would kill me almost instantly.
 Sometimes though, the other side of their nature shows through."
 I felt my heart speed up as Rachel met my eyes with more gravity even than normal.

 ", """, """ "", """", """, "" "", """ """ "", """" """ """ "
-
It seemed so strange that she had saved his life, since at that moment he felt like all she wanted was to see him dead.
 “Come tomorrow with swords to spar,” she said at last, tucking a few strands of hair behind her ear.
 “You can train me to wield my staff in melee combat.”
 “I don’t see a staff,” Harruq said.
 “I don’t see any swords either,” she shot back.
 “Fine.
 When?”
 “Tomorrow,” Aurelia said.
 “Early morning.”
 Harruq nodded, his whole body fidgeting.

 ............................................................
-
We have argued earlier that establishment of effective and lasting peace requires a radical restructuring of the existing institutions for global governance.
 Unless and until the UN comes to embody in its own functioning the principles of representative democracy, it cannot hope to play a leading role in maintaining peace and freedom in the world.
 As government and political leaders know only too well, an organization with responsibility but without authority is doomed to failure.
 Unless UN member states invest international institutions with the necessary authority and meet their financial commitments to support them, the world will continue to drift and flounder, powerless to oppose petty dictators and ruthless aggression.
 Unless a cooperative world military force comes into existence, every country will continue to be burdened with the enormous expense and insecurity characteristic of the old system.
 Perhaps more than any other institution, the military has under stood and demonstrated the enormous power of organization to accomplish a goal.
 The Gulf War was a dramatic illustration of the importance of reliable information, perfect planning, logistical support systems, effective chains of command and swift responsiveness to changing situations.
 If humankind could mobilize and apply the same efficiency to the war on poverty and unemployment that it has exhibited in preparing for and waging military wars against each other, very soon there would be no more poverty or unemployment to fight.
 During the Second World War Ford Motors converted from manufacture of cars for the masses to making trucks and airplanes for the military, producing B-24 bombers at the rate of one per hour from a single production plant.
 If conversion from civilian to military production could be carried out by so many countries within one or two years, it must be possible to convert the military from war-based to peace-based applications, and defence industries from military to civilian production, within half a decade.

 is impossible to make a product of armaments, a product of defense industry, fisheries, agriculture, and forestry, but not a product of the military... precisely because it is not a military, and because it is not designed for the needs of the military... the military
-
I looked up to ask for a hint, and found him staring off into space.
 "Penny for your thoughts?"
 His smile was a half-hearted thing.
 "Mother is playing again.
 She just finished up with 'Courtship', so the next one will be 'Welcoming'."
 It was amazing how quickly I could forget his supernatural abilities.
 Most of the time he seemed so normal.
 If you could consider any gorgeous, well-built boy who happened to be interested in me normal.
 Every so often though he'd do something that should be impossible.
 Alec's smile was slightly apologetic.

 't sorry...... I was serious..... I don't know, it's just a joke...... I was serious.................
-
"I suddenly realized, when I looked out into the garden, that it was 1927."
 She gasped.
 "Are you sure?"
 "Yeah.
 I-I must be the key.
 The-the door or whatever must open when I think about 1927."
 “But why would you be the reason?” “I—“  He cleared his throat.
 “I-I read an article about you.
 Before you walked into my garden.” “An article about me?” “Yeah.
 You and your family.

 said, “..” I said, “..” “””, “”, “””... “I “, “””, “””,” “”, “”””, “,” “””, and “””.” “ “
-
"Then you'll try again Tuesday morning."
 He squeezed her hand.
 "Don't worry, Marie.
 You'll get back sooner or later.
 And until you do, I'll take care of you.
 I promise."
 She went upstairs with him and said goodnight outside her bedroom door.
 But her heart began pounding with panic as she thought about the day she'd just spent in 2011.
 She'd worn trousers in town, and she'd embraced a man in public.
 And now she was spending the night alone with him in his house!

 she was alone in his house, and she was spending the night, the night, the night alone in her bed... The night that she was spent the night with him in his house, and the night that she was spent in her bed, she was spending the night alone in his house
-
BG:  	Hey, daddy, how do you know Wild Man?
 Oh, wait, I mentioned him.
 Are you diddling me?
 He’s Zappa’s Frankenstein monster.
 (laughs)  Crazy guy, street corner singer.
 CM: 	Fleetwood Mac.
 BG: 	Peter Green’s group, right?
 They’re hip.
 Green’s great.
 CM: 	Buddy Holly.

 Yeah, yeah Buddy Holly. He’s great. MG: Buddy Dylan... MG: Buddy Dylan. OMG, I’m Buddy Dylan. Oh my god. (ughs) Wow. The song was done with the...<eop> "
-
He raised his head as I approached, closing his hand around whatever it was before sliding it into a pocket.
 He seemed mildly anxious.
 I was still feeling peculiar so I climbed into the seat beside him, curling my feet up close.
 He watched me, his eyes lingering even after I had settled.
 It felt as if he yearned to say something.
 The tension became too much and I broke.
 “Ruby drugged me.” He smiled.
 “She told me.
 She was worried about your sanity.” The last word cracked.
 He appeared to regret saying it.

 ............................................................
-
He grabbed them all.
 They screeched and twisted in his grip.
 His head pounded, and the pull on his chest was so great he felt he might pitch over the wall to his death.
 Qurrah’s well of magic drained at frightening speed.
 He almost let go, but he thought of his brother, shaking under the spell of the skulls.
 _No,_ he thought.
 _Enough.
 Cease your chatter._
 He clutched tighter, the threads braiding into a giant rope in his mind.
 High above, the skulls quieted, and their fires dimmed.

 Screams......." " Screams..... " " Screams," and a great multitude of skulls fired in the air. " Screams..
-
"Life should be terribly exciting for me.
 Having fun is important in 1927--dancing, music, pictures--all kinds of merriment.
 And my father is wealthy.
 We have enough money to do anything we want.
 But all he wants to do is earn more money.
 When I was 19, we went to a new resort in Palm Beach.
 For months I looked forward to it, but it was a terrible disappointment.
 Father went only because a man with whom he had business was going there for the Christmas holidays.
 And he wouldn't allow me out.
 He's very protective."

 ""He won't go."<eop> "". " and, " "," and, ", and, ". " ". " """He won't let me."<eop>
-
(Much gazing is done, at one another as well as elsewhere)  Damn, I don’t look forward to telling John that Gene is going to be family soon.
 Liz – How do you plan to do it?
 Jim – I don’t know.
 All I know is that his reaction isn’t going to be pleasant.
 Liz – If you like I could help you with it.
 Jim – Thanks for the offer, but there isn’t any reason to endanger you as well.
 Liz – The alternative is to go home and talk to mother, planning my future, she calls it.
 I think at the moment that I would rather have to tell Johnny that Gene is in fact his long lost brother and he’s finally coming home.
 Jim – That would be funny, if it wasn’t so blatantly suicidal.
 I can almost see smoke coming out of Johnny’s ears.

 , I..... "I....."? Jim – No, I don’t like that sound. I think that it sounds suicidal.<eop> Jim – “Oh, I.....” That isn’t really all that funny.
-
But Mom, I even went to the lab.
 It sort of made sense though.
 If they'd been serious about acing the test, they'd have been here every night for the last two weeks instead of trying to cram a few more morsels of knowledge into their heads at the last minute.
 Mentally shrugging at the stupidity of it all, I pulled out my Spanish and studied my vocab for a few more minutes until Mrs. Campbell came by to wish me goodbye.
 "It looks like most everyone's gone again.
 The last few will probably leave in the next ten minutes."
 She dropped her voice to a conspiratorial whisper.
 "I actually prefer they do.
 That way when their parents phone in to complain about how poorly they did on the exam, I can point out that the lab was open for another hour, but they didn't bother to stick around for the extra help."
 It was a speech that made her sound like a grouchy old lady, but I was starting to know her well enough to take it in the proper context.

 .,'s '...'''...'''s ''s...' '...''" '... ''s...'" '...
-
“From what I can gather, Nordien is very friendly with the Immortalists, including the Ambassador Van’dret, and most people believe that he only wants to be knighted so that he can then leave the knighthood and join the Immortal Guard.” Rodregas nodded.
 That was not too surprising; since such ex-knights are usually made officers.
 Greater sigils were much more rare in the Guard than the knighthood, not to mention the officers of the Immortal Guard lived in much nicer style than the knighthood.
 “The Knight Commander might not be willing to stand up to the Immortalists, but he would be more than willing to skip over giving knighthood to someone who was planning to leave anyhow,” said Rodregas.
 They had made it to the stables and Doi’van started to put the saddle and tack onto Doom Hoof, the horse that Doi’van had been riding.
 The horse was slow, but big and strong and was the best horse for this kind of combat.
 “So finally, Karun,” said Imeralda, “Not too much is known about her; she was an orphan and clearly of the blood and strong.
 She is said to be very skilled and she is liked well enough, but no one seems to be an actual friend.
 There is a rumor that she might be an actual direct descendent of a God, though no one knew who that God might be.” “Really?
 That is rare if true.

 to Rodrega, “That’s just not a true story,” said he, turning to Imeralda. “Well, Karun is beautiful, and I am more than willing to be her friend.” Imeralda was aware of her lack of a friend and the
-
“Of course.” Aurelia retrieved her staff, smiling to herself.
 The offer flattered her more than Harruq could know.
 “Well,” Aurelia said, twirling her staff.
 “Ready for a go?”
 “Oh yeah,” Harruq said, drawing his swords.
 “You’ve got no idea.”
 But she did, and it made her laugh all the more.
 * Chapter 7 Chapter 7{{{1 7
 !
 [decoration](chapter.png)

 .,.............,,...........,,....
-
The extreme damage wrought by the economic reform programme in these countries over the past half decade necessitates an urgent search for more viable alternatives, a search that has been retarded until now by the widely held view that none exists.
 Very recent events in Yugoslavia suggest that even in the limited area of economic stabilization and adjustment, an alternative strategy can be more successful.
 Although the long-term impact of the Yugoslav experiment is an yet unknown, its remarkably positive initial results merit serious consideration.
 The economic disorder that accompanied recent political developments in Yugoslavia resulted in an explosive increase in prices of more than 100 per cent per month in 1992.
 Despite efforts to control monetary expansion, hyperinflation exceeded three million per cent in 1993 - far higher than the inflation rate reached in Germany following the First World War and, quite probably, the highest rate in recorded history.
 The price spiral was accompanied by a steep fall in real purchasing power by as much as 75 per cent.
 The budget deficit increased rapidly as the value of government tax revenues fell further and further behind the rising cost in current terms of its expenditures, due to the time lag between tax declaration, collection and expenditure in a period of very rapid price increases.
 In January 1994, the government embarked on a comprehensive monetary reconstruction programme to achieve price and exchange rate stability; to remove administrative controls over production, investment, prices, salaries, and interest rates; to re-establish the role of the central bank in monetary stability; to reorganize public finances through an efficient tax system, including more efficient tax collection and better coverage of the lage `grey' economy; to reduce government administrative and defence expenditure to the maximum possible extent; to maintain price supports for important agricultural commodities as an incentive for production; to stimulate economic activities of private, cooperative and public sector enterprises through equal access to credit and government facilities; and to encourage the takeover of sick firms by stronger, more efficient companies.
 At the same time, the programme was intended to mitigate the harsher effects of shock therapy programme was intended to mitigate the harsher effects of shock therapy programmes on the working class and fixed-income pensioners by providing free scope for collective bargaining, enforcement of a minimum wage policy and a social safety net for the unemployed.
 It was recognized from the outset that stability of the currency was an absolute precondition for the success of the reform programme, which depended in turn on the firmness and consistency with which it was implemented.

 objective was to improve macroeconomic policies to ensure that there was both the stability of the economy and the price stability of the currency in general. It was stressed that the restoration of the cycles of inflation and deflation depended on the implementation of a system of fairness, transparency and financial market openness.<eop> In addition to
-
It’s a blend, is all.
 We keep it in a tiny capsule in our cheek and when we need it…” She chomped her teeth together with a click, the look surprisingly feral.
 And then she smiled, her face melting back into something very near adorable as she held a finger to her lips, protecting the secret.
 “Old family recipe, you see.
 My mother left a diary.” She was thoughtful for a moment.
 “Ah, what a thing, a mother’s diary.” Ruby went silent for too long and I wondered if she would be returning to this one-sided conversation any time soon.
 Her eyes flicked back to me.
 “It was very fortunate for me she’d kept a journal, you see, for I would have no fairy knowledge without it.” I felt my brows draw together and tried to smooth my face.
 “No, don’t feel bad for me.
 With you in such a position.” I didn’t know what she meant exactly, but she continued, “And my dear brother has been there for me all along, helping me with the elf parts.” She kept talking as she leaned forward, seemingly unaware I’d not spoken a word in response.

 see, look forward to it,” and I looked up, raising her eyes to mine. “I will be there.” She turned back to her brother and she smiled. “I’m a little jealous of him.” She winked.<eop> Ruby looked up. “Oh, my dear.
-
In spite of her lack of sleep, Marie awoke early the next morning.
 She couldn't wait to go to the shore.
 After her walk through the garden, Rick wanted to go back to bed for a while, but she begged him to leave right away.
 Excitedly she put on her bathing suit, glad that there was no full-length mirror in her room.
 Rick had assured her that her bathing suit was very modest for 2011, but she still felt apprehensive as she stepped into the hall.
 "Rick!
 Are you ready?"
 "Just a second."
 He came out moments later in shorts and a shirt.
 "You're not ready!"

 ." "I'm so proud of you," he said. Marie turned her head in the mirror and "What is it?" She "" "..." ".." "." ".." ".".
-
I finally found the exit and was halfway down the hall when I heard voices for the first time.
 While it didn't sound like anyone was out-and-out yelling, they weren't the calm voices of friendly conversation.
 I quickly reversed direction, and found an external door less than a minute later.
 The voices had faded away to nearly nothing as I'd gotten further away from them, but all of a sudden they peaked into a full-blown yelling match, punctuated with an incredible crash that sent a tremor through the entire house.
 Any thoughts I'd had about trying to find a phone and calling 911 vanished as full flight instinct took a hold.
 A few seconds later I was outside and running.
 The moon was so obscured by clouds it provided only minimal light, but even the poor visibility couldn't convince me to slow my flight through the near jungle waiting outside the house.
 I could barely make out the stone path that led through the garden, but I stumbled along it as quickly as I could with my sprained ankle, deciding between branches in the path completely at random.
 I'd only been running for a few seconds when lightning tore its first gash in the night sky and opened up the way for a monsoon-like rainstorm.
 Within a few seconds the cold rain was falling so hard that I couldn't see even a few feet ahead of me.

 up the stairs in a half sprint, went to the knob, and pulled it up to open the door.<eop><eod> Within a few minutes I realized a huge and violent mass of water was forming in the house and in the garden. However, the north side of the house was still visible through the
-
I sat up, holding both hands in front of me, palms up, as I focused on lighting a flame, any flame.
 Nothing.
 I reached out to move a rock from the floor.
 It didn’t budge.
 I concentrated on a pebble beside me.
 It didn’t shift in the least.
 “Ruby?
 It doesn’t work.” I held my hands in front of me, helpless.
 Panic was taking me when she laid a hand on my shoulder and leaned forward.
 I expected her to calm me, explain it would come back, it would all be okay.

 did nothing. She leaned back again, turning to me and moving her hand back to her left shoulder. I turned to her again. She still had her hand on my shoulder. Again I held my hands in front, as I focused on the rock, the hand on her shoulder still.<eop> I
-
Normally the prospect of driving for hours to watch someone else spend money I didn't have, sounded roughly as appealing as laying out naked at the pool until I had second-degree burns on my whole body.
 Then again, maybe burns wouldn't be so bad if they let me disappear into the anonymity of a large crowd in an actual city rather than dealing with hick hostility.
 "That sounds great; I can't wait to get out of this stupid town."
 A couple of people started a bit, and I heard a locker slam shut with surprising force.
 The eavesdroppers were predictably pissed I was dissing their home, but I didn't care.
 It served them right.
 Don't listen in if you aren't prepared to hear something you won't like.
 As long as my comments hadn't offended my new pseudo-friend, I was just fine.
 Britney laughed.
 "You said it.

 ." "."." ""."" ".." "."." "..I don't know," "..." "." ""..." ".."
-
China has created a phenomenal 100 million new jobs since 1985 and continues to grow rapidly, but the country still has a pool of 130 million surplus rural workers.
 Joblessness in Chinese cities is projected to reach 5 million by the end of 1994.
 India needs to create at least 100 million new jobs in the next ten years in order to raise all its poor above the poverty line.
 Factors Contributing to Rising Unemployment
 Although the problem of unemployment is not new, a variety of factors have combined to aggravate the difficulties confronting most regions of the world in recent years.
 As a result of the decline of global military spending by one-third in real terms since 1988, employment in defence industries has fallen steeply and is expected to decline by at least 3 to 4 million jobs or roughly 25 per cent by 1998.
 In addition, 4.5 million military personnel will be demobilized during this period.
 The break-up of COMECON and the USSR have had a strongly negative impact on trade within Eastern Europe and with the industrialized West and developing countries.
 The relatively high interest rates in Europe, resulting in part from tight monetary policies pursued by Germany to offset the enormous costs of reunification, have had adverse effects on investment, growth and employment in the region.
 More recent rate increases in the US threaten to halt the declining trend in unemployment observed over the past year.

 in the level of investment in Europe, Japan, China and the U.S. have also contributed to a decline in unemployment and the U.S. has experienced the fastest growth in employment for the first quarter of more than a decade. The greatest contribution to the decline of U.S. employment
-
James slid the car through a one-eighty turn that left us facing the direction we'd just come from, only a couple of feet from the start of our lane.
 "You're not making her walk!"
 It was obvious that whatever magical ability had allowed Rachel to face down the larger boy wasn't working anymore.
 He looked like he was set for a monster fight.
 "I'm not washing my car again."
 I expected Rachel to back down as soon as she realized he was spoiling for a fight, but if anything she looked more determined.
 It was hard to believe this was the same person I'd had to rescue from Cassie so recently.
 I stopped Rachel just before she could put the impressive lungful of air she'd just taken in to whatever use she'd planned.
 "It's okay.
 I'm better.

 's okay, it's okay.....It's okay."<eop> Rachel shook her hand over her head. "I can't help it anymore. I'm going to bring you back to me when I get back."<eop> I couldn't believe
-
She could draw her own conclusions about what the change in the article meant.
 Excited, he stood and headed for her room.
 But when he reached her door, he hesitated.
 Would she believe him about the article?
 She still felt loyal to that jerk, and she might not believe him.
 Especially since it was pretty obvious that he himself had something to gain by convincing her that she shouldn’t marry Davis.
 His sister had once told him that a girl usually wouldn’t even believe her best friend if she told her that her boyfriend was cheating on her.
 He went back to his office and read the article again.
 He should have shown it to Marie before he’d fallen in love with her.
 But he was afraid to tell her he’d known of her before she’d walked into the garden.

 opened the door. He stared down at the reflection of the mirror. He looked..................................... Then he looked at the reflection.
-
I couldn't imagine anything more surreal.
 I might have stayed there for hours if the barest whisper of sound hadn't distracted me.
 Alec was staring at me, an expression of disapproval marring otherwise perfect features.
 "Of all the places for you to intrude, why did it have to be here?"
 For a second, surrounded as I was by such beauty, I did feel like an intruder.
 He was gorgeous, and his tan skin seemed to have the slightest hint of light playing beneath its surface.
 I was as plain and ugly as always.
 My response popped out before I could think about it.
 "Only you could see such beauty and think only of keeping it to yourself.
 Trust me, even with surroundings like this I'd much rather be elsewhere if you're part of the bargain."

 at me slowly, a hint of disgust. "I know." "I don't." He didn't look at me with his eyes. "Look... Alec, you've heard it, and it's time to leave."<eop> I turned
-
They guard their privacy.
 But we'll do the Paramount and Universal tours."
 "The what?"
 "Tours of Paramount Studios and Universal Studios."
 "Really?"
 she squealed.
 "Will we get to be in a movie?"
 "No."
 He reached out to squeeze her hand.
 "Listen, sweetheart--Hollywood probably isn't what you imagine.

 .." " "" " """ """ " " "" ".." " " " " "" " "" "" ".." "" "
-
Only this time, I talked to the ghost girl.” “You did?
 What did she say?” “She hinted that she knew who made us this way and who attacked us that day,” I said.
 “She also said that Kojas would use our emotions against us and try to get us to come to him.” Something dark crossed Seth's face.
 “She also said that we were chosen because of our strong bond, but she said, not to test it,” I continued.
 “She also told me not to go into the shadows.” Seth stretched.
 “So the usual confusion?” “I got more this time, Seth.
 Anyway, do you have any information to offer here?” I asked with an edge to my voice.
 Seth put his arms in surrender.
 “Hey, don't start yelling at me.
 We were getting a long pretty well last night, let's keep it that way.” I felt my face flush when I remembered last night.

 you, sorry, Seth. It was really good, both of you, but that was about it. “I hope you know what I mean.”<eop> “No, you did not, the ghost girl, the ghost boy, the dark, you did not tell me to go into the shadows
-
He ended up with a pile of clothes.
 Some were fancy, but none would be of much use on the road and none were worth selling.
 Next, Rodregas went to the wardrobe, which was engraved with the shape of trees and made of a sweet smelling wood.
 It was much more likely to hold something of value.
 He opened the doors to see brightly colored robes, and there on the left was a suit of chain mail.
 Rodregas could feel his smile.
 Armor!
 He reached in and pulled it out.
 The chain mail was light and seemed to flow around his fingers; the links seemed to be made of silver and he recognized it as Mithril.
 Ravenhurr had a suit of Mithril chain; he could feel his heart start to beat in excitement.

 was a room, and Rodregas felt his hands lightly on his chest. He opened the door, enjoying the feel of the metal on his hands, and he looked down and he saw a door. It opened to the left, and to the right was a door, and it was made of
-
She smiled.
 "Will you be my 2011 cousin?"
 He laughed.
 "Alcohol is legal now, and women can go anywhere men go."
 "Anywhere?"
 "Yeah.
 Well, not to the men's restroom.
 But anywhere else."
 She stirred her tea thoughtfully.
 "And it's accepted?

 ?" He asked. She smiled. ".""". "". "". """. "". """.""". "".""". """. "". "
-
His lips were light, almost teasing, as they touched hers.
 When he raised his head, she couldn't look away from him.
 Rick smiled at her somewhat dazed expression.
 "Sleep well, sweetheart."
 "Goodnight, Rick."
 She gave him a quick smile before slipping into her room.
 Rick's smile had become a frown by the time he was in his own room.
 He wasn't sure this trip was such a good idea after all.
 Sharing her dream was going to make him fall even more deeply in love with her.
 And when she left, he'd be devastated.

 shared her dreams the next day......... And he was not going to let her go.................. It was so wrong to take her away the next day.......
-
I mean they aren't just going to fight until first blood, are they?"
 Isaac's nod was hesitant, like he knew I was headed towards things he wasn't supposed to tell me.
 "I'm afraid the contest is quite serious, but still nothing for you to worry about."
 That didn't add up in the slightest.
 "I don't believe you.
 At least not the part about it not being anything to worry about.
 You all wouldn't have been so worried about Alec bringing me home Friday night if this was all no big deal.
 None of you have argued with Alec about anything since then, but Friday night James, Jasmin and Jessica were all ready to rip my head off over his express orders."
 The nod I received this time was even slower than the first.
 I waited for Isaac to say something, but he seemed unwilling to give away anything I hadn't already figured out for myself.

 ", """,", "","...", """, ".",", "", ""."", """, """, "..", "
-
But now he's beginning to look more like Eric.
 Eric possessed by Jesus, I can adore.
 I still see him.
 I can watch the lines of his face change as I tell him about my fears or longings.
 I can hear him speak thoughtful words.
 Fear v. Love
 While speeding on Interstate 5 north out of Sacramento past orchards and pastures, with long miles between the small towns, I think back to my talk with Toni, the part about suffering from panic attacks.
 During five of those hard years, while I taught in Chico, I often drove this highway to visit writer friends in San Francisco.
 This part of I-5 terrified me, with visions of a sudden attack that would deny me control over my mind or body, leaving me helpless and miles from the closest nurse or doctor.
 For no good reason except the fear of fear, my heart would race, my lungs and throat constrict, my hands become slick with sweat.

 up inside of me. I wanted to run, run away. I didn't want to go. I couldn't go home. I couldn't stay. I wouldn't have to go. I would go. If I had a choice, I would have to go. When I
-
He tried to once more roll to the side, struggling away from a potential final stroke.
 Rodregas’ face was covered in gore and blood.
 It was hard for him to see.
 He struggled back up, but fell, then Rodregas felt a presence to his right.
 It was too small to be Doi’van and Rodregas staggered over reaching for him, determined to take one final slaver with him.
 His wounded leg buckled again, and Rodregas tried to reach for the ground to slow his fall, but something was wrong with his arm and it did not move.
 For a split second he saw the ground coming up to hit him in the face.
 And then... darkness.
 CHAPTER 10 THE OTHER KIND OF PAIN
 Rodregas laid there looking at blue swirls for a long time, wondering where he was.

 ... there was a lot of blue... then... light and he noticed a lot of blue swirls in the corner of his eye. He looked at it again... it was a little light, but it was long and dark. And then... dark
-
Our half-brother, Harry (named after Dino’s father) was soon born.
 Then, my stepfather had even less regard for us as we were now second-class citizens to his “real” son.
 My mother was also abused.
 She stayed, as so many abused women do, because her only options would only lead us back to poverty and uncertainty, and also because Dino threatened to take my little brother to Greece where she would never see him again.
 She protected us and herself as best as she could and she likely hoped for better days.
 Back then we didn’t have options as kids either.
 There were no toll free hotline numbers to call to safely report abuse and we knew better than to tell anyone what was happening behind closed doors.
 If we kept our mouths shut we would hopefully avoid making him even angrier.
 He weighed over 200 pounds and he could do some damage any way he beat us.
 The primary goal when getting beaten by a person nearly twice one’s size is to limit injuries and not escalate the violence because there is no winning.

 years, he had a girlfriend who was abusing such a woman and even though he didn’t think about it, he couldn’t find a way to stop it. He told me that he was unable to handle the abuse he received because he was so sure nothing to stop him. I certainly didn
-
Burrowing deep in a briar patch, struggling to catch my breath, I wrenched the wad of papers from under my shirt, buried them in the soil beside me, and then waited for my punishment to come.
 But no one was coming.
 I was naïve to think they would chase me like hounds on a fox.
 They had magic—they were High Council.
 I stayed in the patch of briars for most of the day, cowering despite myself, but as the sun lowered in the sky, I crawled out on my belly to start the long walk toward home.
 It was late by the time I reached the tree and I was tired enough I didn’t care as much about being caught.
 I didn’t even know if they knew who broke the seal, if they knew I was the guilty party.
 But I was still quiet as I entered the house, then my room, and slid into bed.
 The next morning I slipped out early to call on Junnie.
 When I reached her door, it was cracked open again.

 downstairs and knocked on the door to the front. Again, I knocked on the door, opened the back door, I opened the door, the door, and opened the front door, the back door. I opened the door and closed the door. I opened the back door, and closed the back
-
You want to go home with me after the shift?
 If he’s still hanging around, maybe you can chase him off.” By now, Helga was wringing her hands.
 Her eyes had misted over.
 She was about as bright as the girls in blonde jokes.
 But she was a darling, generous and kind.
 So when she invited us to a Billy Graham crusade, to keep from disappointing her, and maybe for deeper reasons, I said “Why not?” Neither Cliff nor I admitted we might want to attend.
 We decided we could read a newspaper account and tell Helga we had gone and found plenty to think about.
 But by the evening of the crusade, something like conscience bit us.
 The crusade was downtown at Balboa Stadium, where the Chargers played.
 It seated about 20,000.

 Saints played the Chargers. This was the first game of the season. The Saints, the Saints, and the Chargers were out. It was one of the most important games in San Diego football history. This year, the Chargers played the Saints. The Chargers beat the Saints. But the Saints were not
-
That was it.
 That was her explanation.
 I never saw that chick again, I can tell you.
 I mean, I got out of there fast and tried to restabilize my pride, and I just thought, well, fuck it, I don’t know what that was all about, I don’t pretend to understand what that was all about.
 So, anyway, that inspired this song—actually, Lor and I talking about that incident inspired that song.
 The line “she was going through her midtown period/there was blood in the air” is mostly Lor’s.
 CM:  	That’s quite a story.
 Ok, that leaves “Goodbye to the Shell,” maybe one of your most controversial songs, one that some folks back in Memphis didn’t take too kindly to, one that is perhaps misunderstood.
 Can you clear it up any?
 BG:  	I’m not even sure what the fuck you’re talking about?

 : I know,, I know, I know, I know, I’m not happy about it. It’s disgusting, and I know, I hate it, I don’t even want to hear it. I think the important thing is, once I’m out of there,
-
I was almost thrown from my saddle when we stopped to avoid running into him.
 He was angry again.
 “Frey.” “What?” “Do you remember the last time you used a spell?” I recalled the smell of burning flesh as the maps cut into my palms.
 “Yes,” I muttered, defeated.
 The look he gave Ruby was clear.
 There would be no magic study for me.
 But I did know she had it.
 Maybe I’ll be able to steal it… Lost in thought, I began to fall behind the group.
 The higher we rose up the mountain, the more treacherous the jagged rock became.
 I felt every step, holding tight as the horse’s hooves slipped and jumped.

 , no, I was not going. I was going. I was not going, not to mention the weight of the pack. I was going. I was going, and the longer I could get away with it... and the more... and the longer I could keep..
-
Information about success stories helps overcome this resistance and spurs people to action.
 Enormous potentials are waiting to catch the attention of the society and take off at this moment.
 Proven technology exists in many fields that await application because people do not know or do not believe that it can be employed successfully.
 Imitation of intensive aquaculture methods commonly employed by farmers in Taiwan and Singapore can raise average fish yields in South Asian, African and Latin American countries 25-fold.
 Advanced methods for micro-nutrient management can double or quadruple fruit and vegetable yields in most developing countries.
 A complete list of proven but untapped technologies and commercial opportunities should be compiled for each country, each region and local area.
 Programmes should be initiated to publicize information about commercialization of agriculture, stimulating industrialization, encouraging self-employment and new business start-ups, improving management practices, etc.
 Role of the media
 Free and well-developed media are vital to democratization and development.
 For this very reason, the dissemination of information by the media carries with it a great responsibility that cannot be effectively shouldered where private profit is the sole motive, or government control limits freedom of expression.

 the media should be open to the public, the media should be devoted to the transmission of information and communication, to the process of transmission of information, and to the transmission of information by the media, and ministries of the media should be devoted to the dissemination of the transmission of information and communication by the
-
Was that before or after she informed you that you ruined her life and were damned to spending an eternity in hell?
 If Liz is looking at me like that…Why am I still even alive?
 Maybe she’s coming up with some terrible forms of torture for me.
 Art – It was when we first met, before she changed.
 That happened well before you were born smart-ass.
 Your mother was a loving gentle woman.
 And she looked at me in a special way.
 Jim – And how did you recognize ‘the look’?
 Did your abilities just decide to manifest themselves at that instant?
 Art – Your grandfather let me know.

 S, S, S,,, S, S, S,,, S,,, S, S,s S.,s S...I was told I had to be strong, strong and strong to survive. I was
-
"For-for pushing you.
 For taking advantage of you."
 When she just looked at him in bewilderment, he nudged the box.
 "Open it."
 She tore off the paper and stared at a rectangular gadget with several buttons and what looked like a small TV screen.
 "What is this?"
 "A Gameboy.
 You can play different games on it.
 I bought you four."
 He opened a bag and took out four small cartridges.

 the mouse, the touch screen, the masher, and the keyboard...."...."..."."....."... "I need four cartridges." She reached over and turned on the remote and started playing
-
Marie looked around eagerly as Rick drove to the hotel, but so far it didn't look much different from 2011 Boston.
 "Where are the studios we'll be touring?"
 she asked.
 "One's downtown, and the other is to the northwest of the city.
 Our hotel is right off the highway--we're almost there."
 "When will we see the movie studios?"
 "One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
 We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
 They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
 They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.

 , Marie was eager to see him. "You did not eat that," he said"." She nodded, and the pizza was handed back to her. "I didn't eat that," she told Rick. "I gave the pizza to you at the hotel,
-
I imagine Eric sitting beside me, wearing the same face as after he pinned me to his living room floor, just before he coached me to believe in myself no matter the evidence that I was a loser.
 Then the expression changes to the one I imagine him wearing when he told Kenny they needed to leave for the desert without Billy and me.
 I get a crazy idea I have never considered before.
 Because Eric and Olga would have loved each other, I bring Olga out of the air and onto the lounge chair beside Eric.
 I give her the face of her last whole day, while she reclined on the couch in the office we were using as a church.
 After some weeks of hideous pain and frustration that prayers weren’t healing her cancer, that morning she watched us with a deep serenity and graced us with outrageous love.
 Now that I’ve coached myself to talk to Jesus in Eric and Jesus in Olga, and God in Jesus, not only does it no longer feel neurotic or blasphemous.
 Instead, it seems just right.
 Because the more I do this, and I do it most every time I pray, the more Olga and Eric appear to fade, almost as if they become part of the sky, until all that’s left are their beautiful faces, and then I lose sight of the faces and all that remains are the attitudes those faces reveal, and what I perceive is willingness to sacrifice for me and others.
 Eric in his way, Olga in hers.

 the face of my faith, and in God, and in God, in God, Jesus, God, and God, and I love them both, and in Jesus, and in God. They love Eric, and Olga. They love me, Jesus, and me, and God.<eop><eod> This
-
Being in a different environment will do wonders for us both."
 I knew the rest of Mom's speech by heart, there was no reason to listen.
 Next she'd run through all of the famous, marginally well-known, or even really obscure photographers who got their start in the West.
 It didn't really matter.
 I waited the requisite fifteen minutes and then went back out to the U-Haul and got another box.
 Mom followed me out this time.
 I guess she was worried again.
 Even worries about school wouldn't cushion me now that I'd had an attack today.
 There was nothing left but to wrap myself in numbness as I traveled back and forth between the truck and the house in a slow-moving haze.
 The truck was the smallest one they rented, and we hadn't come even close to filling it up, but it was still dark by the time we finished.

 Mom looked up at me. "You know so right, Mom, you know so right, Dad," she whispered to me at the back of the truck in the parking lot. "Look Mom," I looked down at her, "I've been at the end of
-
Normally I'd have just viewed her theatrics with amusement, but it'd been a long day and I wasn't in the mood.
 If I'd known for sure where we were heading, I'd have considered cutting her off, even with all of the probable fallout, but I didn't.
 Instead I just sighed, followed her around a corner, and collided with six-plus feet of muscled goodness packaged in a white polo shirt that looked worryingly familiar.
 Brandon caught me as I rebounded from him, easily stopping my momentum before I could stumble into a locker.
 "We'd better be careful; I'm starting to sense a trend."
 I wanted to say something equally witty, but his shirt did wonderful, probably illegal things to his gray eyes, and his perfectly straight teeth were parted in a friendly grin that couldn't possibly be meant for me.
 I managed a feeble grin before the silence stretched too far towards becoming uncomfortable, but it was a pathetic attempt.
 Brandon gently released my shoulders and detoured around me with a grace that should have looked unnatural on a boy, but which somehow exuded more masculinity than any four boys I'd known back home.
 Britney shot me an envious look and then turned and stalked through an open doorway.
 I should have been worried I was upsetting my only 'friend'.

 the locker doors slammed, and I was forced into a circle between me, Brandon, the girls, Britney and Britney.<eop> Before I knew it, I was standing in front of the girls.....and the crowd of all-girls, men, boys, women, men,
-
“Ah, she escaped,” Ruby purred.
 “And you didn’t trust me with her.” The formation broke as Steed came to stand beside me, the corner of his mouth tipping into a grin.
 I stared at the group.
 I had no idea who they were, but from the way they spoke it was apparently no secret I was Chevelle’s prisoner.
 Or his property.
 “Frey,” Chevelle said, “this is Anvil.” He nodded toward a giant of a man who bowed his head respectfully.
 “And Grey.” The wiry man bent and straightened, his movements too quick.
 I drew in a startled breath as two more figures came into view.
 A pair of slender elves stepped in sync as they stopped just outside the group.
 They were tall and lean, dressed in robes the color of ash that only accentuated their shocking silver hair.

 and the man moved into the center of the group. Ruby and Bree came up to stand beside them, a pair of weapons on the ground nearby. Chevelle sidled right into the center of the group behind a giant of a pair of men.<eop> The man, dressed in
-
“No.” He went quiet and tried to avoid our eye contact.
 “Now who’s keeping secrets?
 You’re breaking your own rules.
 Why were you out?” Emily can be very demanding sometimes, I actually felt a little bad about involving her in my interrogation.
 Just a little.
 He mumbled something under his breath.
 “I can’t hear you.” Emily snapped.
 “I WAS OUT SCOUTING!” he shouted, “Now can you hear me?” “Yes, and now you’ve made me deaf!” Emily yelled back.
 “Why were you out scouting in the first place?” I asked calmly, trying not to shout it out like Emily.
 Seth gripped the handlebars and I knew he was losing his temper.

 up to the car. Emily screamed, “I just can’t hear me. I’m not... I’m not. I don’t.... can’t hear you. I cannot hear you. But I’m not not... I’m
-
The result was all out of proportion to what I expected.
 The smaller boy fell forward, careening towards the banister with so much force he knocked people in front of him out of the way.
 Just before I left elementary school someone had read us a newspaper article about some poor guy being pushed over a railing and falling to his death.
 I'd had nightmares for months.
 Dreams where the stairs had turned slick and I'd slid all the way down them.
 Dreams where the banister hadn't even been there and the stairs had become impossibly narrow, and nightmares where I'd somehow stumbled and started to fall over the edge of the railing.
 This was like all of those dreams put together, only happening to someone else.
 A couple of kids reached out, but the only people who could've really stopped him had already been bowled over.
 Time slowed down for me as he hit the railing and started over it.
 His feet came up and his torso was hanging in the void when someone reached over and grabbed his arm.

 for a moment. I saw nothing. Someone reached over and grabbed the boy and grabbed the banister and started over the railing. He reached out. He was free. He came up against the wall in front of him and the railing behind him. He clung to the railing, but his body was
-
"Thank you for-for .
 .
 .
 the new clothes, Rick," she said shyly, taking his arm as they walked away with their purchases.
 "Now I won't have to wash my clothes every night."
 He looked down at her with chagrin.
 "I didn't even think about that.
 I'm sorry, Marie--we should have gone shopping sooner.
 And I should have shown you how to use the washer and dryer.
 I'll do that tomorrow."

 after him, taking up her arm to lead him to the front of the store, then walked up to him, eyeing him with a smile. "Thank you, Marie. I've explained what you need to do. You need to... use the dryer.
-
As his gaze reached the log that lay in front of me, it burst into an orange flame, thin branches forming a spit as he skinned and attached the animals.
 The process was so smooth, I couldn’t say exactly what had happened.
 Chevelle was changing.
 Or, more likely, he was becoming more himself.
 He wasn’t as formal.
 He seemed relaxed, and apparently magic, quick and powerful, was intertwined into his every routine.
 He didn’t need to do much by hand; I would have spent hours trying to build a spit and skin an animal.
 An old question came back to me and I asked, “How do you hunt?” “Hmm?” “You don’t have a bow,” I explained.
 “What do you use to hunt?” He hesitated, as if deciding what to tell me.
 “I use magic, Frey.” He looked like he was waiting for me to be upset.

 ’t know. I don’t know...” He offered me his hand.<eop> “Uh... I don’t know Frey. But I did, learned what to do, I learned how to use magic spells, and hunt, and drink, and eventually I
-
I shook my head.
 "I told Mrs. Campbell I'd stay the whole time.
 I'm not lying for you or anyone else."
 Rachel piped up unexpectedly.
 "It's okay, Britney.
 If you want to leave we'll give her a ride home."
 I could see the wheels turning in her head.
 If I really did have a ride, she could leave without ruining things with Brandon; but if I wasn't going to lie, then there was a good chance that Mrs. Campbell would find out she'd left early.
 Parents were relatively easy to fool.
 Leave the tutor lab early, go somewhere else and kill some time until you were supposed to come home, and they'd never know the difference.

 ....".".".".","."."" was. And to be honest,....."..." wasn't....".."". "....".
-
He was in so many of my dreams.
 We were sparring sometimes, clashing swords.
 Sometimes he was pummeling me with rocks.
 Other times, the moments would have surely made me blush, if I could have felt my cheeks.
 He held my face in his hands, declaring his need for me.
 “I have wanted you since the moment I first saw you.” But the word burned.
 Wanted.
 He’d used the wrong word.
 Occasionally, I watched as a third person.
 My vision would change and my perspective would be off.

 he was there. He was me. He was me and he was my friend. I was furious. I was going to lash out at him. But I was in control. He wasn’t a fool. He wasn’t angry. He was angry. He wanted me. I wanted
-
Led Zeppelin, for God’s sake, did “Procapé All Night,” Jimmy Page being an early fan, as is written.
 Just for the record Buddy wrote these hits for other stars:  “Buttermilk Thighs,” “Blues for Sandra Leathers,” “Wrong for the Right of Way,” “Arcade Late-Night Blues,” “Open Channel D,” “The Sins of Monk Cassava,” “They Bribe the Lazy Quadling,” “Patience Hell, I’m Gonna Kill Something,” “The Nice and the Good,” “Strawberry Fields for Only a Little While,” “Take me for Granted, Please,” “Surfing the Big Muddy,” “The Rules for Hide and Seek,” “Young Avenue Blues,” “Picnic in Overton Park,” “Chin-Chin in Eden,” “Turn on Your Love Lights but Turn that Damn Stereo Down,” and on and on.
 Buddy and the boys were off and running.
 Soon they were one of the most sought after acts, playing gigs everywhere the area offered, in clubs, at outdoor festivals (happenings), and, of course, their famous half-aborted rooftop gig on top of the Sterick Building downtown.
 Officer Mike “Mooncalf” Milton, one of the arresting officers, recalls to this day how polite Buddy and the band were as they were being ushered into police cars while the mob roared.
 “Buddy Gardner was a gentleman in a jerk business,” Officer Milton remembers.
 This mildness, this Southern gentleman perception, follows Buddy to this day.
 It’s hard to find someone to speak ill of him, even those he later abandoned or stepped on on his way to the top.
 He is often compared to courtly though dipsomaniacal photographer Bill Eggleston, a friend of Buddy’s from those acme days.
 The cover photograph of Black Lung’s Pepper Records album, Turntable Poison, is an unaccredited Eggleston photograph.

 the 1970s, on the day of the arrest, it was Buddy Gardner and his band, at the top of Strawberry Fields. Buddy was one of the stars of the time, both jazzy and especially bluesy, and he was one of the greatest writers of music. He was
-
That’s you.
 BG:  	Well, shit, I can say it now.
 Let ‘em sue.
 Yeah, it’s just a single right.
 At first we were gonna do it on Frank’s Straight label but he was going through some business hassles at the time.
 So it came out on Laughing Buddha Jesus Phallus, this really underground Frisco label, started, I think, by Dino Valenti.
 Maybe not.
 Anyway, we did this heavy piece as a kind of lark—I was pissed, I admit by all the dismissals I was getting in the rock press, all the accusations of sell-out.
 So I did this little 45, this really wild piece of music—that’s a Stratocaster I’m playing but filtered through this mini-moog that Underwood brought with him.
 And damned if it wasn’t a hit.

 it was a combination of the guitar that I was playing and all the chords in it, the tempo in it. I was feeling it, the emotion in it, the tempo, the energy in it.<eop> BG: That’s you. Well it’s not that hard
-
"Then why did she agree to it?"
 "Because Lauri's as good at badgering as I am.
 See you tomorrow."
 Rick shook his head as Ted left his office.
 He knew his friend meant well, but he despised fix-ups.
 The last time he'd gone to Ted and Lauri's, Lauri had spent fifteen minutes scolding him for letting his date go home alone.
 She'd been a nice enough girl, but she'd had her own car at dinner, and it would have been totally ridiculous for him to offer to drive her home.
 According to Lauri, however, Beth would have accepted the offer and returned later to get her car, just for the chance to be alone with him.
 He was glad then that he hadn't offered.
 How could he respect a woman who would do something so silly?

 .." ""'. "'". '..'..'"'.." '..'.. "'".." "
-
He swore under his breath, and we both entered the dwarf's world together.
 Sure enough, it was a dwarf but there was something strangely different about this particular dwarf.
 He just walked toward us as if he wasn't afraid that I might put an arrow through his head.
 Just as I was about to release my arrow, the dwarf cried, “Please stop!” I don’t know why I listened to him but I didn’t pull the string.
 The dwarf was acting different than the others; its pudgy eyes were filled with fear at the sight of my arrow.
 “Why?” Seth growled.
 “Your kind has done nothing good to us except make us confused and our lives more complicated.” The dwarf looked startled.
 “Oh you’ll have to excuse my brethren; they have a tendency to be rather annoying.” He took a long frightened look at Seth’s sword.
 “Good sir, before you try to slay me, I have a message to deliver from her majesty.” I lowered my bow because I had a feeling I wanted to know what this message was.
 If it was a lie, Seth and I could kill him anyway in a blink of an eye.

 moment, the very sight of the arrow seemed to put my heart to a halt. The dwarf dropped his eyes to the ground, and I told him to stop if he was talking to me. “Good sir, I am not going to slay you,” I told the dwarf as his head
-
Let us return to Woodhaven, for this place of death turns my mouth sour.”
 The two took to the air and joined the other survivors.
 They did not try to locate their dead among the hundreds of other rotting bodies.
 Instead, a few elves flew low and scattered firestones, small pebbles that burst into flame upon landing.
 Grass and bodies ignited, and the battlefield rapidly swelled into a giant funeral pyre.
 Qurrah crawled out from underneath the body as flames erupted all around him.
 Everywhere he looked, he saw embers and corpses.
 He spotted the robes of Velixar and ran to them.
 He picked them up and shook them, furious that no body remained.
 “You lied to me, Velixar,” Qurrah said.

 you didn’t........................................................
-
He looked at Uncle Thomas and thanked him for getting him into a program that saved his life.
 He thanked staff members and students by name, as he looked them directly in the eyes.
 He made amends to all of us and he unsuccessfully tried to fight back the tears as he continued.
 He spoke candidly about all of the lessons he had learned to help him deal with a life without the need for drugs.
 He talked about how he had learned to deal with the nightmares and guilt he once drowned in drugs.
 I never thought such words of wisdom and reflection would ever come out of his mouth but they did.
 We all sobbed uncontrollably as we could now understand what demons he fought and how our son was back.
 We could finally understand drug addiction.
 A group hug involving our entire family erupted during the ceremony as Brandon finished speaking.
 I am sure nobody minded the interruption, as those in all phases of the program were witnessing the healing of a family.

 and Uncle Thomas as they led us to the end of our lives... we to the end of our lives... we. Brandon turned and turned to talk to his amazing friends, wife, and family. Brandon hugged and hugged and talked to us. We stood together... we
-
Liz – That Bitch.
 I told her to leave you alone.
 Is that why you don’t come over any more?
 Is that why you didn’t come to my pool party?
 Jim – I didn’t go to that because my swimsuit makes me look fat.
 Liz – Jim…
 Jim – Alright, your mother makes me extremely uncomfortable, with all her little smiles and suggestions and the pinching.
 With that on top of my swimsuit making me look fat, well I just didn’t feel up to it.
 Liz - I guess I’m going to have to talk to her again.
 This time she’d better listen.

 Jim – – Jim... Jim... Jim. – Jim... – Jim... – Jim... Jim... – Jim..... – Jim,
-
Steed led my horse to me.
 I didn’t think I blamed him—he seemed to be involved by chance—but I hadn’t fully decided yet.
 As we rode wordlessly through the cold stone landscape, my thoughts twisted and writhed as if a pit of vipers.
 In the end, I’d decided I wasn’t really that shocked about being half-human.
 It explained so much about myself.
 Clumsiness, lack of skill, never quite fitting in.
 What took me by surprise was the betrayal I felt.
 All the years I’d lived in the village, I’d never counted on anyone the way I had done with this group, Chevelle especially.
 The feeling in my chest was so thick and heavy it burned.
 Struggling with my reactions kept me distracted from the ride.

 him. Because he was my friend, and I needed him.<eop><eod> "......., I....., I......, the man,..., the man, I.........
-
"I don't know.
 Things were already pretty tense.
 That's probably where Alec is right now actually.
 Brandon's people are always skirting around the edge of our territory, but tonight they'll be out in greater numbers than normal.
 If things don't boil over now, it's pretty much guaranteed that there will be some kind of confrontation Monday at school."
 The word confrontation reached out and grabbed me.
 It took a second before I realized it was dragging up memories of the near-fight between Alec and half his pack.
 "What happened last night...it was for real, wasn't it?"
 Rachel didn't ask what I meant; she didn't even bat an eye.
 "I'm afraid so.

 "Yes."<eop> "Yes.""""You mean a threat?""""There's a threat."""Yes..."""And there's a threat?""""""Yes."<eop> I'm not sure
-
This time Tom’s paralyzed body was thrown through the window and he tumbled down the highway to his death.
 Brandon was inconsolable.
 His best friend was dead.
 Brandon blamed himself for not being there to take care of Tom.
 One of Brandon’s confessions during rehab was that almost all of his friends decided to get as high as they could to attend Tom’s funeral.
 It was the beginning of his excessive drug abuse.
 Chapter 24: Let The Healing Begin As Brandon approached his fifth month as a student at Narconon, he called us and told us he was nearing graduation from the program.
 He also told us he had applied for an internship at the facility and that he wanted to become a drug counselor.
 Brandon told us he wanted to give back and stay on to help others and told us how much better equipped he felt to deal with the world which surrounds us all, but silently haunts a select few.
 The counselors at Narconon had such a profound impact on him that he wanted to have the same impact on others.

 to know that he was a wonderful person and he wanted to continue to help others, he wanted to see himself as one of society’s most compassionate people. He wanted to know that he was a good guy, he did what he could do to help others, and he did the right thing.
-
Johnny – What a stupid way to pose the question.
 Eugene – Life.
 For myself, I prefer life.
 For others, I prefer choice.
 Johnny – What does that mean?
 Eugene – I choose to live, but I leave it to other people to make their own choices.
 I don’t want to make their decisions for them.
 Jim – What does that have to do with anything?
 We’re talking about personal preference and you’re trying to move it up into the realm of philosophy.
 Eugene – I just thought it sounded good.

 do that? Jim – I think you want people to make a choice not for themselves (like me). You don’t want to make a choice to someone else, but you want people to say “you’ve to that person, you........
-
"But Rick, can't we kiss at all?"
 He raised her hand to nibble on one delicate fingertip, trying to resist the nearly irresistible impulses that the frustrated desire in her eyes and voice stirred in him.
 "Not like we were tonight.
 Don't you understand, Marie?
 When our kisses get that hot, it's hard for me to stop.
 I don't want to stop.
 I want to make love to you."
 Her face grew fiery, and she was silent for a few seconds, staring down at her hands.
 "I-I don't know what to say.
 I-I'm sorry."

 " " "" " " " " " "" " " " " " " " "... " "..." " " "....
-
I came out shivering, but it was a welcome change from the oppressive heat.
 Even that didn't last; it felt like I was sweating again before I even finished dressing.
 I finally pulled out my Biology book.
 A coldly rational part of me knew that however this ended up playing out, I'd still have a test on Monday, and I'd still want to pass.
 It'd be nice sometimes to make the kind of dramatic gesture that you see on movies, or read about in books.
 Instead, I was sitting here with a stupid textbook while everything else inside of me hurt in a funny, cold kind of way.
 Like it hurt so much I could only feel the edges of the pain.
 Spanish followed Biology; then other subjects came and went until I felt like I'd made enough progress, or possibly wasted enough time.
 I collapsed into bed hours early and slept poorly.
 Sunday was about the same, only my insides felt even rawer under the calm surface.

 I got back to my room, I finally woke up. It all seemed okay; I took a deep breath, then got up and got cold again. A lot of people sat in front of their books, read horror stories, laughed, and enjoyed the calm-ness, but I had to admit
-
They swam and played in the surf, but Marie thought Rick seemed very sober.
 Did he think she was still angry with him?
 Maybe he wasn't feeling well.
 Taking his hand as they returned to their blanket, she asked, "Are you feeling all right, Rick?"
 "Yeah, I'm fine."
 "Why don't we go home so you can rest since you have to go to work tomorrow?"
 "It's still early."
 "We've been here several hours already.
 Let's go home and read the paper and nap and order a pizza tonight.
 Then maybe you won't feel tired tomorrow."

 Okay," "Okay,"" " Okay?"<eop> "I can't tell you anything." " " "Yeah," "Yeah, "" "Yeah," " "Yeah," "" "
-
I would have to ask.
 The dust must have given me courage.
 “It talked about exchange.” Still nothing.
 “About energy… life… for magic.” He cleared his throat.
 “Yes.” “Can you tell me about it?” “Today, after Anvil sparred with Steed, you saw how the strike drained him.
 This is something you’ll need to know for a group conflict.
 The tactics are different than one on one.” He hadn’t answered my question at all.
 But he was talking and I would take it.
 I nodded for him to go on.
 “A single opponent allows you to use more energy, focus only on that and let yourself…” My thoughts were wandering.

 end, he said......<eop> “I want you to............................” “I...”<eop> “I don’t
-
Liz – What about Gene?
 Jim – Hmmmm?
 Oh yeah.
 This morning Gene told me he had to speak with Dad.
 Liz – What about?
 Jim – Well it turns out that Gene wants to be adopted into our family.
 Liz – Are you serious?
 Jim – Sadly yes.
 Liz – What do you mean ‘sadly yes’?
 Jim – I mean I would have to live under the same roof as Gene and Johnny.

 – Gene ” ” Johnny – Gene – ” Gene – Gene – Mrs. Johnny – – “Hello” – “Hello” Mrs. Johnny – Gene – ” Gene – “...........
-
"N-nothing.
 That .
 .
 .
 that felt good."
 He chuckled, dropping another kiss on her neck.
 "I think you'd better go back to your room."
 He was afraid she'd run if he moved too fast.
 "Oh.
 All right."

 " ". " "......... ", it was a "........ " a......
-
As a revolution in agricultural productivity provided the impetus for rapid industrialization in Britain and later USA in the 19th Century, rapid modernization of agricultural technology, a shift to commercial crops, improved linkages for credit, marketing and processing can act as a catalyst for employment generation and economic growth in many developing countries today.
 As some countries have already proven, high productivity does not necessarily require large tracks of land or high levels of mechanization, but it does require quality inputs, adoption of advanced cultivation practices, efforts to improve the productivity of water, access to credit, infrastructure for storage, producer-oriented marketing and industries for processing.
 Information Empowerment: The poor quality, slow speed and inadequate reach of extension services is the bane of farming in many developing countries.
 ICT can be harnessed to provide farmers with access to state-of-the-art technical advice, quality inputs and market information.
 The proper analysis and replenishment of soil nutrients by itself can double or triple crop yields.
 Utilizing ICT, it is possible to deliver custom-tailored instructions for soil improvement in a timely manner at low cost.
 It can help to promote quality and trade literacy among farm women and men.
 Organizational Linkages: In much of the developing world, agriculture suffers from intense fragmentation of land holdings among small and marginal farmers.
 These farmers tend to have lower levels of education, poor access to technology for upgrading productivity, less access to quality inputs and credit, poor access to storage and processing facilities, and higher losses due to post-harvest crop spoilage.
 Their problems are further aggravated by environmental degradation due to soil erosion, deforestation and depletion of water resources.

 : However, realizing that agricultural production is not only one of the major industries and major sources of agricultural production in the rest of the world, the most important factor is the proper organization and management of land tillage, land production, water management and storage. While agriculture itself is the major source of income
-
How would they?
 I mean, a new species.
 A new breed.
 And lethal.
 Poison to her mother.
 They couldn’t even know that was what had happened until the others.
 Until the pattern became patent and they found the source.” I stared at Ruby, imagining the nameless “others” who’d been taken by her venom before they discovered its root.
 But it was not the idea of those strangers that tightened my chest.
 Poison.
 To her mother.

 mother........................to her mother. Poison to her mother..........................
-
Urban unemployment is around 8 per cent, but average industrial wages in the region fell by 17.5 per cent during the 1980s and the number of workers in the lower-wage informal sector doubled.
 Although population growth has slowed, a 72 per cent increase in labour participation rates for women is causing the work force to continue to expand rapidly.
 This region needs to double its employment growth rate to create 89 million new jobs during the 1990s in order to provide full employment opportunities for all its people.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, home to 20 of the 25 poorest nations in the world, urban unemployment afflicts some 14 million people, representing 15–20 per cent of the workforce, and is projected to more than double in the next ten years.
 Typically, youth comprise 65 to 75 per cent of the total unemployed.
 With the region’s population still growing at 3 per cent annually, these countries need to create 100 million new jobs in the coming decade just to maintain their present levels of unemployment.
 High population growth and a severe economic slowdown have generated high rates of unemployment in the Arab countries, estimated to exceed 25 per cent during the early 1990s, in spite of the very low labour participation rates among women in this region.
 In the aftermath of the Gulf crisis, labour-supplying countries such as Jordan, Lebanon, the Sudan and Syria have suffered the most.
 Returnees swelled Jordan’s population by 8.4 per cent and caused unemployment levels to rise above 20 per cent.
 Unemployment levels among Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and on the West Bank are among the highest in the world.

 s share of unemployed Palestinian women and children, particularly in the youth, is estimated to rise to 10 per cent annually, while the youth have risen to 1.5 per cent. Moreover, the rate of Palestinian unemployment, compared to the rate in Egypt, Syria, Lebanon and other countries, is to
-
When they found me, I would have to surrender.
 I could see no other option.
 No one came.
 I wasn’t fool enough to go back voluntarily, but for some reason, they hadn’t followed.
 I didn’t know what to do with myself.
 I had nothing outside of home, outside of the village.
 I didn’t even know where to go, didn’t know where I was.
 It was just another clearing outside of the only town I’d ever known, the only town I remembered knowing.
 I wandered toward the briar patch, finding it easily.
 It hadn’t been far, despite my exhaustion.

 empty... empty... empty of nothing. I didn’t know what... I had nothing outside of the village with me, but I didn’t know what I was going to do. I was not going to go back. I was... I wasn’
-
The pendant started to glow and the darkness cracked.
 The wind was howling.
 I could barely see.
 Or maybe something was covering my face.
 When I screamed the sound was lost.
 I tried again, but suddenly I was mute.
 Blind, mute and still.
 And yet I knew everyone was dying.
 Running and screaming and dying.
 I jerked upright in bed, gasping.

 were dying. I was dying. I was dying. I was dying. I was dying. I was dying...... I was dying. I was dying... I was dying. I was dying.... I was dying I. I was dying I was dying
-
And I was like, I throw my hands up, just let me record and keep me away from the jackals, you know?
 But, well, eventually, I had to get Pete.
 Pete was Jim Dickinson’s friend.
 Jim’s a pure soul, a force for good, the Wise Man of the Forest, you know?
 He told me once, “Watch out for that shithead, Hudson.
 Just be careful.”  And then he said (laughs), “But, damn, isn’t that Kim a piece of work?” (laughs)
 CM:  	You describe Dickinson as the Wise Old Man, what do you mean by that?
 BG:  	You know, Creole, you know the man.
 Wise One, in, I think it’s Navajo—no Apache culture, maybe it’s Navajo, too--he was the younger brother of Killer-of-enemies, part of a holy pair.
 That’s Sid and Jim.

 Sid, Yeah, Jim, Yeah, Jim, well, Sid, Jim, well, Jim, Jim, Jim, Sid, and Jim, well, Jim. That’s the... That’s Sid, the Wise One. And Jim’s the Wise One.
-
“Can I come in?” “No.” The water streamed from the tub and out the back window.
 I swore.
 “Fine, I’m getting dressed.” I dried off, gathering clothes from a pile I assumed was for me, too large for Ruby’s petite frame.
 I opened the door and knew right away I would regret whatever they were about to tell me.
 Ruby commanded me to sit.
 Chevelle straightened, clearing his throat.
 “Frey, we need to talk with you about something.” Oh, perfect.
 I waited, and he proceeded carefully, “You know you are bound.” “Yes,” I agreed, even though I wasn’t clear how I was partially bound.
 I could use some magic, I had lost some memories.
 No, that isn’t true, is it?

 ’t be a wizard, I could use magic. I thought, no. Wow, I know I was bound, I didn’t get used to it. I don’t understand it now. I was a wizard, I thought, I thought... nothing. I thought
-
She seemed to know who I was, and after identifying herself as Mrs. Pendely, proceeded to quiz me about which classes I'd been in at my last school.
 She stumbled a bit when I told her I hadn't enrolled in classes before moving.
 I didn't offer any additional information, so she tried to defuse the awkwardness by asking about electives.
 I answered numbly, picking out classes nearly at random.
 I already knew a school this size wouldn't have anything truly interesting.
 I'd never been willing to dedicate the time required to learn a musical instrument.
 I've always been passable at drawing scenery, but anything more complicated than a stick figure gives me fits, so art was out too.
 Unless possibly the teacher liked Neolithic cave drawings.
 By the time I surfaced from my musings, Mrs. Pendely had printed my schedule out on an ancient piece of machinery, handed me a map of the school and a locker assignment, and then dashed off a handwritten note to my first teacher.
 I somehow found my first class before the bell rang.

 , the one on the left. After the class I was assigned to, the second.... The class was still a little late. By the bell it rang, and I realized the teacher was gone, everyone was in the door. I found my first class in class, where Mr.
-
Can’t we pray for Eugene’s father to get hit by a train or something?
 Jim – I don’t think it usually works like that.
 Liz – They do say that god works in mysterious ways.
 Jim – I think that they don’t usually ascribe a man being hit by a train as an act of God.
 Johnny – What would they call it then?
 Jim – Drunkenness.
 Or plain stupidity.
 Eugene’s dad never leaves the house anyways.
 The train would have to crash through his bedroom wall to get to him.
 Johnny – Well it might happen.

 – Don’t you think that a man gets hit a train or something? Jim – Well you’re probably right. Liz – Well that’s not true.......well it can happen that way. Jim – Well think about it. Johnny
-
CM:  	The bluesman?
 BG:  	No, the TV evangelist.
 Of course, the bluesman.
 The bluesman’s bluesman.
 Never recorded one single song, never traveled outside the Mid-South, yet his influence is everywhere, is legendary.
 Everyone from Jagger—who copped his singing style—to The Animals to Jimmy Page have accorded him a special place in their learning.
 And I knew him, man.
 Knew him as teacher/mentor/friend.
 It was as if I’d been sanctified.
 Another father.

 a father. There never was a father. Well, there was a father. Well, there was a bluesman. There was a father. There was a son. Not a son. But there was a father. And I knew him, just knew the true definition of a bluesman, the
-
To save him.
 My boy.
 Brandon.
 I set an appointment with the arresting officers.
 I arrived at the police station with Brandon and we were escorted to an interview room.
 We were sitting in the police station in a county that is known for being tough on drugs and prosecuting everything to the fullest ability of the law.
 The door opened to a closet-size room with a table and four chairs.
 The walls were stark white and the room could barely accommodate the meager furnishings.
 Officer White and his Sergeant entered the room and sat opposite us.
 They were unrelenting that Brandon owed them a bust, no matter their mistake.

 , I said.. I wasn't a bust. I was not a bust. I was a bust. I was... I was a bust. I wasn't even just a bust.. I was a bust.. him.<eop> We left the room and entered into the
-
I tried again, but suddenly I was mute.
 Blind, mute and still.
 And yet I knew everyone was dying.
 Running and screaming and dying.
 I jerked upright in bed, gasping.
 My ears were ringing.
 There was something wet on my face.
 Tears?
 No, blood.
 My nose was bleeding.

 bleeding....................... My mouth was bleeding................................
-
At the same time, it also raises the wages of less-skilled jobs in low-wage countries by increasing the demand for workers to produce for overseas markets.
 The problem in the more developed countries is that the demand for low-skilled jobs declines and the gap in wages between skilled and unskilled jobs tends to increase, resulting in a decline in incomes and employment opportunities for lower levels of the population in these countries.
 This is a natural, healthy process of social development in which different sectors serve as engines for growth at different stages.
 The upward job displacement that earlier shifted job opportunities from agriculture to industry now shifts them to higher-skilled jobs in manufacturing and services.
 The negative side-effects of this process on some sections of the population alert us to areas where society must make special efforts to speed their development.
 As in the case of technology, research is needed to document this complex process across industries, between countries and over time.
 One product of these studies could be the development of specific job coefficients measuring the impact of growth in trade in different industries on overall employment.
 Trade becomes of even greater potential benefit to industrial nations during the coming decade when economic growth in these countries is expected to be significantly slower than in the developing world.
 The pent-up demand generated by the destruction of Europe during the Second World War, the rapid expansion of population during the baby boom generation, and the explosion of new technologies in the past few decades, all generated strong internal demand in the OECD countries, resulting in steady economic growth.
 The slow growth of population and productivity in more recent years means that these factors cannot be expected to drive further economic expansion at the same rate.

 of production in all of these countries in the developing world means that the global trade will continue to contribute to the income growth of these countries. The key factor being used to determine the employment of various sections of the population is the rate of the expansion of employment. The slow growth in U.S.
-
"This is good," she said after swallowing a spoonful of clam chowder.
 "Do you have it in 1927?"
 "Yes--it's one of my favorites."
 "What don't you have?"
 She laughed.
 "Well, we don't have shoe soup, but I imagine that you don't either."
 "Oh, but that's one of my favorites."
 His eyes twinkled.
 "I know.
 I bet you don't have all-you-can-eat buffets."

 at his food.<eop> "Oh, I do I?" "Oh, yes, I do..." "What do you have in 1927?" "Oh...." "Oh...yes, don't you?" "
-
Chevelle would have to practice the unbinding spell on someone else first.
 Would he use one of our group?
 And if the spell went wrong?
 I tested the spell on Rain last night.
 I’m not sure what went amiss, but she convulsed for hours before she fell into a sleep.
 She finally rose late this morning, but she couldn’t remember who she was and she kept scratching at her face until it bled.
 At least she’ll not be able to tell anyone I did it.
 I’ll have to catch another servant tonight.
 No, I had a feeling he’d not be using one of our group.
 I was starting to get sleepy, but didn’t want to put the book down.

 I put the book down, but didn’t want to go through with the book. I wanted to put it down to bed first. I was going to try to get some sleep in the morning. At night, it would be hard.<eop> If I was going to use one of the group
-
Put your sword down now!” demanded Audrian.
 Rodregas stepped forward and buried just the tip of his right-handed short sword into Audrian’s chest, hitting the ribs but not shoving the blade through.
 Audrian gasped in surprise and fell back.
 “Swear you will keep my secret and you live, do not and you die.
 Choose!” Audrian just stood there looking at him.
 Then he nodded and said, “In the name of the All-Father, Lord of Sky and Earth and Water, I swear that I will keep your secrets.” Rodregas nodded and relaxed slightly; few would dare break a promise to the All-Father.
 Rodregas decided that Brit and Geor were like pale shadows as they quickly followed suit.
 When he turned to the last two he saw that they were very interested in what he was saying.
 “Where do you go, Sir Paladin?” He showed no sense of humor at Rodregas’ little joke about being a Paladin; Rodregas hoped Doi’van had not taken him literally.
 “As far as I can, is my main plan at the moment.

 , going to the caves.... for the last four days. Then I do what I need to do, along with the others, and you, you do what you need to do...........”<eop> Rodregas shook his head with his
-
Karen – What did you say then?
 Jim – That crashing a wake for the food was something that Gene would do.
 Liz – He didn’t take it that well.
 He moped for like two weeks after that.
 (Cleo enters carrying the main course)
 Liz – Hello mother.
 Cleo – The turkey has finished cooking.
 Shall we eat?
 (Eugene and Johnny enter)
 Johnny – Did I hear the magic words?

 enter)? Hello Cleo – I want you to eat the meats. Hello Cleo – I want to eat the meats. (Jack enter) I eat the meats. Hello Cleo – I eat the meats. Hello Cleo – I’ve
-
Karen – Sure.
 I haven’t  played Scrabble in years, hope I remember the rules.
 Jim – Well dad is a rules lawyer so he’ll let you know if you step wrong.
 Art – Ok, lets get dinner cleared away so the crushing of your egos can begin.
 (They clear the table and get set up to play)
 Liz – Is he always like this?
 Jim – Cut the trash talk Art.
 Karen – Yes, this is supposed to be a friendly family game.
 Art – It’s not trash talk, it’s a statement of intent and a prediction of the future.
 Jim – It’s only going to get worse.

 ” Art – Art........ “Me” Art – Art.. Only it will get worse.<eop> Liz – Let’s go for a walk, this is where the fun gets real.............
-
So I had to work around the spell.
 The spell was one to hold you from walking or running.
 I actually tried to dance or hop,” she said with a smile.
 “But he was too good, he had those covered.
 But, I have been practicing a spell to float in the air, and that worked.
 The spell was not designed to stop someone from floating in place.
 And then I told Doi’van to throw me at Van’dret.” “That was a crazy chance, as an Immortalist he could have split you in two with his bare hands,” said Rodregas.
 “I know,” she said, her voice a little shaken.
 “But we were out of options and it was the only thing I could think of.” Then she added with more confidence, “Plus, while everyone knows a knight might learn a bit of magic, a sorcerer never learns to fight.
 They have servants for that.” The three shared a smile at that.

 you had to say to Van’ddret, you throw me,” Rodregas said, a grin. “I was just one to work with the magic again. So I tried to dance or hop to fight Van’dret, he was too good.” “But,
-
Liz – You used red food coloring in place of chicken’s blood?
 Johnny – No, I used yellow food coloring.
 We were out of red at the time.
 Jim – Perhaps that is why you’re attempt at using dark magic failed.
 However I doubt that voodoo curses would solve our problems anyhow.
 Liz – Red food coloring would have been a little better, but not much.
 Jim – You could have at least used Tabasco sauce or something, we always have that.
 Johnny – I didn’t think it would matter what I put in if I didn’t have the Dodo blood.
 Liz – Good point.
 Jim – Guess we can discount using dark magic or voodoo to solve the problem of Gene’s father.

 we try to solve the problem of the Dodo blood anyway? Jim – No problem of the father. Liz – No problem of Gene’s father. Jim – Where was Gene’s blood? Liz – Where was the father? Jim – Where was the Gene’s
-
I told her where I would be in twenty minutes (which was exactly where I was now).
 She immediately tried to get me to meet her at the apartment where she massaged me.
 I told her I had a brief window of time and I needed to pick up some items for my wife at the store so that was the only place and the only way I could meet them.
 She agreed and said she would see me soon.
 After I hung up the phone, the officer called me on my personal cell phone, which I was answering from a headset in my ear.
 He offered some encouraging words about how I had handled her attempt to move me and said they would try to move me again because Steve was not going to want to meet me in this county because of his arrangement with the police here.
 We were only a mile from another county line so Officer White and his team felt he would try to get me to move that mile.
 I hung up and the wait began.
 I was all eyes and all ears as the silence in the truck made it too easy for my mind to wander.
 I wasn’t allowed any background noise.

 that point I told the officer that I was not going to be in the truck and it would be only a short window of time. At that point I just walked out of the door and listened for a minute. I went to the garage and started the truck.<eop> I was not going to be
-
Art – That they are.
 Jim what is that word?
 Jim – What word?
 Eugene – Dr….dra…d-r-a-q-x-z-e?
 Art – Yes that.
 Liz – It’s a sort of creature that lives under little kids beds.
 Cleo – Elizabeth!
 Liz –Yes mother?
 Cleo – Your father and I taught you never to cheat at anything…Don’t look at me like that!
 Jim – Alright we’ll take it back.

 . Jim – Jim..... Jim... – Jim.. e– e-......... e- Jim....
-
Agenda Item Two: Retrieve valuables from the pawnshop.
 The camera was sitting at a local pawnshop as collateral on a loan that expired on the very day we got there for it.
 It was the first time I had ever stepped foot in a pawnshop; it was a shit hole covered with other people’s Christmas and birthday presents.
 It was humiliating for me to be in this place and my son could not look me in the eyes the entire time we were there.
 The walls were lined with guitars, the glass counters held cameras, jewelry and trinkets of all types.
 The floors and shelves were covered with tools and equipment.
 The stuff was busting out of the place.
 The people who ran it were the lowest form of life, preying on the weak, broke and addicted.
 My son produced a crumpled receipt and for a couple hundred dollars we reclaimed his dream camera.
 I thought this camera meant the world to him.

 was shattered when I finally brought it home from my son. I quickly noticed that I had a hole and a frame missing. There was also a photo on a piece of paper that I tried to draw on with the camera. There was a hole in the top part of the frame, the bottom part
-
When we reached the lake, the horses stopped and in the quiet shadow of this dreamlike encounter, I forgot I was riding.
 The mountains and lake were almost too much to take in; none of it seemed real.
 This time, Chevelle was next to me before Steed had the chance.
 As my horse knelt, he held out his hand and I stepped down beside him.
 The three stallions followed Steed to a nearby tree where he fed them small green-skinned apples from its branches.
 I glanced back to Chevelle.
 He was watching me.
 I wanted to ask if this was where he was from, but was afraid to set off any conversation that might end with me being hauled back to council that much quicker.
 I looked again out over the lake to the mountains.
 If I was incarcerated for a thousand years in the village, I would want this memory.

 at the end of the lake was still watching me and I longed to be at his side again. I knew Steed was at the end of the lake I was riding there, and I wanted to touch him, to be on the side of him for a minute and be at the side of
-
I cursed, my voice hoarse from sleep.
 The wall came at me again.
 “Okay, okay,” I shouted.
 “Let me up.” Chevelle’s camouflage dissipated and he stared down at me, disappointed.
 I smirked.
 “Where’s your horse?” He smiled as the beast nipped at the back of my head, yanking my hair.
 Grumbling, I swatted the horse away and ran my hand over my face, sure it was mottled with bruises and scratch marks.
 “Drink this.” Chevelle offered me a hide flagon and I took it, swallowing a mouthful before the taste hit me.
 “Gah, that tastes like cat pee smells.” Chevelle chuckled.
 “It will help with the healing.” Why bother?

 ....................... my arm was so sore, it was a gush.......... “I’m sorry.... I’m just tired
-
She shook her head, telling her cousin, "I'm not stupid, Tom--I know how easy it is to get drunk."
 She'd had one deliciously forbidden cocktail--alcohol had been illegal for seven years now--but that was enough to satisfy her curiosity and yearning for adventure.
 She felt pleasantly lightheaded, but she didn't want to get drunk.
 They left at 11:30 as Marie had promised, and Tom was relieved that no one was awake at her house.
 Uncle Jefferson was extremely protective of her, trusting her only with Tom himself and with Davis Runyon, her beau.
 Tom didn't much trust Davis.
 He might not take her to a disreputable place like tonight's speakeasy, but Tom thought that Davis was a cold opportunist who saw Marie as part of a package deal--a high position in a successful company, a powerful father-in-law, a rich society wife.
 Tom could barely stand to be in the same room with him.
 An only child, he'd always considered Marie more a sister than a cousin.
 He'd adored her all his life, and that made it virtually impossible for him to refuse her anything--like an evening at a speakeasy.

 was certain that he was going to ask Marie to take her to her house, that he was going to ask her cousin to get a drink with her. He smiled, kissed her cheek, and he told her that she'd never be able to be alone with him again.<eop> She didn'
-
Karen –I might do that.
 Thank you.
 Art – (turns to leave and search for Jim) Any time for a pretty young woman.
 Karen – Do you work for Elizabeth Struan?
 Art – No, I don’t even work at this gallery.
 I repair electrical appliances and the like.
 A simple television repairman am I.
 Karen – Are you one of her fan’s then?
 Art – I never really thought about that.
 I enjoy most of her work when I see it, but I’m not really interested in art or artists.

 going to buy her stuff if I ever get to look at it. I want to get paid to see some of her work. I hope. Karen – Are you? Jim – Art – No, (I’ve thought about that, but I don’t think of it
-
Black Lung was me.
 I could have had Bozo the Clown and My Favorite Martian backing me, it didn’t matter.
 I wrote the songs, I played those hot licks, I sang the fucking songs, right?
 You can dig that.
 It’s not ego, man, it’s just what was.
 That’s what’s so sad about Crafty—I mean, what would he be doing if I hadn’t formed Black Lung?
 He’d be fucking pumping gas, man, he’d be dealing.
 He’d be selling Krystals.
 Because he ain’t that smart.
 But, yeah, we were cracking up even as we rose.

 , yeah, we were out on the road, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I was fucking stupid, hell, we weren’t fucking drunk, we’re not fucking, we weren’t fucking fucking drunk, I wasn’t fucking that stupid, that’s what we’
-
The day when it all changed was still a mystery to us.
 A lot of things happened that didn’t quite make sense.
 The four of us were already best friends.
 We were walking through the woods, rambling on about how Halloween was almost here and that Ms. Stecher was still giving us too much homework.
 Then all of a sudden an invisible object slammed into me.
 I shrieked and couldn’t move.
 It had me pinned to the ground.
 Seth ran forward and grabbed a branch to protect me.
 It should have gone right through the air but it collided into something and snapped in half.
 Seth dropped it in amazement.

 I ran back through the woods, I found myself in a different position. It had hit me. It had wrapped up in me.......... It threw me back and I turned to face it. It fell on me. Seth was staring back at my face.
-
The frail half-orc’s face lost much of its lifelessness, and a gentle caring filled his eyes.
 His seriousness quickly buried it, but Aurelia had seen enough.
 “I shall leave you two to your studies and sparring,” Qurrah said after a long pause to torture Harruq.
 “Although I doubt the wisdom of leaving him alone with such a beautiful teacher.”
 “Good thing you will not have to worry about that, considering I see no beautiful teachers around,” Aurelia replied.
 Qurrah walked to Aurelia and bowed again, taking her hand in his and kissing it.
 As Aurelia smiled, he rose and whispered into her ear.
 “He loves you, elf.
 I can feel it.
 Do you love him back?”

 ...........’...................’ at the top of his head, ‘’.................’.
-
"One tomorrow, one Tuesday.
 We'll get some brochures at the hotel and see what else sounds good to you for the rest of the week."
 They pulled up to the hotel minutes later.
 They checked into their rooms, which were side by side, and Rick suggested that Marie unpack while he ordered a pizza.
 "I don't feel like unpacking and sitting around.
 Can't we go out for dinner?"
 "Aren't you tired?"
 "No!
 I wish we could do something right away."
 "The studios will be closed, but we can go dancing if you like."

 ..." "I " " "" I " I " "I " " " I " I " "" " " " I " " " " I " " "
-
He looked up at Rodregas with a confused expression and asked, “Do you know what this is?” “Not really, I found it in Raven Keep.
 It felt of magic so I took it.
 I thought it might be worth something.” Jordaan smiled and laughed as he said, “Worth something indeed.
 This is a minor Sigil of Healing.” It was Rodregas who gasped this time and said, “Infernals!
 We had a Sigil of Healing all this time?
 If we had inscribed this sigil back at the farm we would never have needed your help.” Jordaan nodded at the truth of Rodregas’ words and the two of them quickly gathered the others.
 All agreed that no matter what might happen with the greater sigils that all should gain the minor Sigil of Healing.
 Its benefits to warriors and mages alike were well known.
 Jordaan agreed to do the inscribing and show the others the technique.
 In return Imeralda would inscribe Jordaan who was also eager for the sigil.

 it was Jordaan.” Jordaan said it was only a form of healing. Imeralda and Idaan asked the others to write the sigil. They asked the rest of the others to do it, but it was only a form.<eop> It was Jorda
-
She was probably deciding to ask for a different seat assignment after class.
 "Sorry about that.
 I don't really like it when people shorten my name.
 Bad associations with nicknames and all that."
 Britney's smile was only a pale imitation of the brilliant thing she'd flashed a few moments previously, but it signaled a willingness to try and make small talk at least.
 "How did you know my name?"
 "Oh, that's easy.
 Sanctuary is the smallest town on the face of the world.
 Anything out of the ordinary is instantly gossip fodder.
 I'll bet half the town knew you and your mom had purchased the old Anderson house before the ink was dry on the mortgage.

 I have a name, " "Oh, Britney, what's my name?" ""That's my first name." " " " "" "" " " " "That's someone's name."
-
Alec was uncharacteristically early, already sitting at his normal desk.
 He looked up and briefly met my eyes when I reached my desk, but there wasn't even a trace of acknowledgment in his gaze.
 Mrs. Alexander started class, reviewed a couple of points that other groups needed clarified, and then released us to work on our assignments.
 I waited several seconds for Alec to make some kind of move, and then with a flash of anger stood and carried my things over to the desk next to his.
 I nearly jumped when he opened his mouth.
 "You'll want to review page 89.
 It contains most of the relevant formulas.
 We'll need to know exactly how they work.
 We'll be given an unknown weight, an unknown number of pulleys, and expected to move it all with the most efficient arrangement possible."
 It almost didn't seem like he was talking to me.

 , "You've already read this. We'd like for you to understand this page, too. Why do you want to review it? What exactly?" I asked "Are you talking to me."<eop> "We'll look at the relevant formulas. I
-
Already Russia’s cocoa imports have risen to four times the level in 1991.
 The gap between the availability of food in industrial nations and in developing countries remains large.
 Food supplies per capita for all developing countries, measured in terms of total calories available, are only 72 per cent of the levels in the industrial countries.
 The availability of protein for consumption is 40 per cent lower in developing countries than in industrial nations.
 Viewed from another perspective, this gap represents a huge potential for the growth of agriculture, and through it for more rapid industrialization and job creation in developing countries, with rising exports from industrial nations.
 Rising incomes are accompanied by a diversification in diet which generates greater demand for wheat, meat and dairy products, fish, vegetables, fruits and processed foods.
 Projections for the year 2010 anticipate a 60 per cent increase in cereal consumption in developing countries, a 52 per cent increase in meat consumption, and a 69 per cent increase in milk consumption.
 Meat consumption in China has tripled since 1978 and is expected to more than double again over the next two decades.
 Sugar consumption in developing countries is currently less than half the average of industrial nations.
 In India, sugar consumption is projected to rise from 13 kg to more than 25 kg, generating a demand for a 100 per cent increase in sugar cane production, the establishment of 300 to 400 new sugar mills in the country and the creation of 3 to 4 million new jobs in this industry alone.

 industry is dominated by sugar, sugars, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar and sugars, sugar, sugar powders, sugar flours, sugar, sugar, biscuits, and refined sugar. Unemployment in developing countries, which is 30 percent, is up to 20 percent.<eop> The
-
For three decades, Sweden achieved the highest employment rate among OECD countries based on 'the passionate belief in full employment' and 'the right to work' and on active policies to generate work for all, rather than payments to the unemployed.
 Drawing lessons from the Swedish model, introduce a comprehensive programme of education and vocational preparedness for the unemployed, compulsory retraining for those who are unemployed for more than six months, and a strictly managed penalty system for unemployed persons who refuse successive job offers and do not seek retraining.
 7.Improve labour market information and job placement systems: Labour markets are becoming more and more fluid.
 One in ten jobs is now replaced in OECD countries every year.
 This makes the strengthening of job placement systems a crucial element in any full employment strategy.
 Lack of access to information about job or training opportunities retards re-employment.
 Sweden operates one of the most extensive and efficient employment services, in close cooperation with business, that is responsible for filling 60 per cent of total job vacancies.
 Improve labour market information systems within and between countries by increasing the accuracy and comparability of data, requiring mandatory reporting by businesses of all sizes, and freely exchanging information between cities, states and countries on successful employment-generating strategies.
 8.Raise minimum standards for education: Higher education increases productivity, raises personal expectations and consumption, and generates additional jobs in education and elsewhere.
 Lack of qualifications, inadequate and out-dated skills commonly characterize the long-term unemployed.

 the basic needs of the long-term unemployed with opportunity to work. Higher employment and higher education provide the long-term unemployed with the opportunity and opportunity to develop skills and knowledge to gain employment. Promote the basic needs of the unemployed to increase their skills and give them the opportunity to develop and improve their
-
I was only going to sit down for a second, but apparently I was more exhausted than I realized.
 I hope you don't think my actions are inappropriate."
 I managed to slowly shake my head no, despite my lassitude.
 Alec waited several seconds, and then sighed.
 "Well, I suppose I'd better get you off to bed."
 The words initially didn't mean anything to me.
 I heard them, but my mind refused to assign meanings to the sounds.
 It wasn't until he'd moved his arm and rolled out of bed with his characteristic speed and grace that I finally realized he meant to take me to the Lilac Room and then return here to sleep.
 I suddenly had a hard time breathing.
 The idea of lying alone in the dark, in the very room I'd just seen Brandon demolish, sent my heart into an erratic rhythm.

 , I was looking through the window in the Lilac Room. Apparently, late in the night, I'd been sleeping, so it was nearly impossible to look at the light. The darkness, the room and my sudden inability to focus on it, all distracted me. I had to stand up
-
When I was with other musicians, I mean, it was something you just did.
 At the bed-in, I mean everyone was tripping.
 CM:  	John and Yoko’s Bed-in for Peace?
 BG: 	Do you know another Bed-in?
 Yeah, there.
 Tommy and Lennon and I, I don’t remember, someone had some sugar cubes.
 It might have been Donovan.
 Was he there?
 I can’t remember.
 (laughs)  Yeah, I did drugs.

 drugs. And, Yeah, I did more drugs, and, I................................., I..........
-
He looked over again at the AElven maiden.
 To an exotic beauty like her a balding overweight man like himself would be invisible under normal circumstances.
 Some of the other guards might be tempted to take what would not be given, but not him.
 Like his mother always told him, a person did not have to own a beautiful sunset to enjoy watching it.
 The door to the top of Raven Tower was large and deeply carved in intricate designs and runes.
 Though as a youth Rodregas had trained in the basics of magic, a secret he was careful not to share, the magical runes were far beyond his understanding.
 He led the prisoners through the door and walked out onto the top of the tower.
 The circular roof was flat and open to the sky.
 The only covering was the landing for the stairs in the East corner.
 The cool night air refreshed his spirits somewhat.

 door he followed the prisoners down to the stairs with his own climbing on to the roof.<eop> He then walked down to the North East corner of the tower and down the West side of the first floor. The door to Raven Tower also opened to the West side of the tower. He turned and walked
-
No people wandered the streets.
 No traveling merchants hawked their wares.
 He sighed and turned to Sergan, his trusted advisor in war.
 The man was old, scarred, and had dirty hair falling down to his shoulders.
 He had seen many wars, and the axe against his shoulder had claimed more than a few lives.
 “Yes, let us end this, one way or the other,” Antonil said.
 “Order them to march.
 I’ll lead us in.”
 “Yes, milord.”
 Sergan turned and started barking orders, all his calm and politeness vanishing.

 the man and gave him a look. “Yes, my lass,” she said. “Yes, milord.” Sergan stopped barking orders and turned to her.<eop> “Yes, milord.” “Yes, my lass milord,” he said. “Yes
-
Liz – What question?
 What nude painting?
 What the hell are you talking about Jim?
 Jim – It must have been a dream.
 Liz – Are you going to fill me in, or am I going to hurt you.
 Jim – I had a really vivid dream where I posed nude for a painting for you.
 We had a lot of fun, and I think it might have been a good painting.
 Liz – Might have been?
 Didn’t you see it?
 Jim – Well you were about to show it to me when the event happened.

 , Jim – I had a very vivid dream, and you were about to show it to me...... Jim – I had the dream of talking to you, and showed it to you, and showed it to....... Mr. James J.
-
Rick must be making breakfast.
 Or lunch.
 She had no idea what time it was.
 She went to brush her teeth and take a shower.
 She decided the shower could wait until after breakfast, though, when her stomach began rumbling.
 She hoped Rick was making pancakes too.
 He was in the hall when she opened the door.
 “Morning.” She smiled up at him sleepily.
 “Good morning.” She was wearing only his pajama top and looked unbelievably sexy.
 Drawing her close, he bent his head and kissed her.

 his hands on his body, all his hair, his hands, his shoulders, his face. He came out of the shower and kissed her. Then his hands on her chest and....<eop><eod> I was about to eat when I decided to take the kids over to the park.
-
change that."
 He squeezed her hand.
 "Just think about it, OK?"
 She nodded.
 Last night--had it been only 24 hours ago?--she'd considered that.
 Davis would never let her go to a speakeasy, much less to Hollywood.
 But he was so handsome and had many other wonderful qualities, and she was in love with him.
 "Why don't you try to get some sleep?"
 Rick suggested.
 "Can I leave the light on?"

 . "Yes you can? I'm not just leaving the light on..." "I can leave the light on?" Can I leave the light on I... "Oh no, I cannot. I... " "I...
-
The faces of council as their speaker struggled to breathe.
 A thistle growing in Evelyn’s throat, slowly choking off her airway.
 Chevelle’s face when he had asked who had showed me to fuse the crystal with blood.
 His expression as he’d looked down at me the night before.
 How could you not know?
 That image haunted me the most.
 It seemed familiar somehow.
 He’d let his guard down, and though strained with worry and fear, there was something else there, sadness or maybe just plain sympathy.
 “This is a good place to stop for the night,” Chevelle said, breaking my trance.
 I’d barely noticed the day pass.

 three in the morning. Evelyn had.....I had....... Chevelle had. We had........... I had to get here....... I had to stay. I had to get the
-
Cindy:  I’ll bet, have you gone to see a doctor yet?
 Greg:  that’s a shame, what do you do?
 Cindy:  Hmmm?
 Oh!
 I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: that sounds both exciting and dangerous.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  Sounds like you really love what you do, that’s fantastic, I wish I were so lucky.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  Nothing so romantic, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s.

 : I am a grill jock, I happen to be a grill jock for micky d’s........ Yeah: micky d’s micky’s........ Greg:
-
It felt like there was electricity surging back and forth between Vincent and Isaac, making my skin feel too small.
 The tension suddenly flickered like a dying light bulb.
 "Vincent!"
 I was disoriented for a second.
 The yell had come from behind me, and had torn the two apart faster than I'd believed possible.
 The crowd, packed so tightly that I'd been worried someone was going to get pushed over the railing, separated as Alec flowed down the stairs.
 I'd only thought Isaac and Vincent were graceful.
 Alec made them look like drunken frat boys.
 Vincent spun around so fast it almost looked like he was going to fall down and then backed away from both of them like a cornered animal.
 It was hard to decide whether my excitement at seeing the biggest jerk I'd ever met humbled outweighed my dislike for Alec, who'd pretty much locked up the honor of being the second biggest jerk.

 went the whole way, Vincent decided to be the last guy, and Isaac decided to go all the way.<eop> Alec was as shocked as I was at him when I saw the two standing up, shoving each other, and spilling their guts. Isaac then was the first guy, Vincent the first
-
We formed Black Lung around this time, with Dickinson’s help—the godfather really of Memphis Music, an angel, if you wanna know the truth—and with Sid Selvidge’s.
 We were doing covers mostly, blues stuff, the kind of thing Cream started with, Canned Heat, Graham Bond.
 Some pop.
 We did Boyce and Hart stuff, “She’s Not There,” “Locomotion.” “Roadrunner”  Hell, everyone did “Roadrunner.”  At least we never covered “Hey Joe.” I’d say Hendrix and The Leaves version of that chestnut are enough---yet there are, what, twenty or fifty or so versions.
 Anyway.
 We started to gel quickly, like within months.
 We were good, given the times, the distractions, the limitations.
 We were pretty good right away.
 Dickinson played with us sometimes, as did Sid.
 A great compliment.

 was a father, and was a brother, a brother, father, a friend, father, son, Sid... He was a father, and Sid’s father. He was just a father. We were part of Sid’s life, of his life, and a part of the
-
I screamed again, when he didn’t move.
 “At last,” Kojas breathed.
 “Monster!” I cried.
 “You’re a monster!” He didn’t answer me.
 I looked up the hill to see a bunch of faery jerks running down the hill towards us.
 Emily stood in front of Jason and raised her hands.
 I notched an arrow and aimed.
 Dust kicked up everywhere as I aimed blindly.
 I heard one of them shout out in pain.
 I shot another and another, anger burning through me.

 to the other side and Kojas was in the middle. I shot the guy on the head, hit him and another. I then shot him another and another. I shot another and hit him on the head, anger still burning in me.<eop> I moved to the side of the hill and
-
Emily huffed loudly, “Expect something from Jazell and me soon Jason.
 We’re out of here.
 See you around.” She grabbed my hand and pulled me away.
 Seth turned to see me leave and the look gave me a dark feeling inside.
 His face was masked with one emotion, one that made me vow to myself that I would find out what he was hiding, what he was keeping a secret.
 That emotion was not Seth, not the one I knew.
 It made me feel the same way and I didn’t know why.
 Fear.
 Chapter 5
 The water war continued with us getting them and them getting us.

 ’re gonna go out and get them, and go out and get them and get them get them and get them, and we get them and we’re going to get them and and we’re going to get them and we’ll get them and them again. We’re not going
-
So be it.
 The Danger of Watching Joan of Arcadia
 In Oregon, I’m speeding alongside one of the many wide and glistening rivers and gazing across at concentric rows of emerald hills at intervals topped with lacy clouds when I catch myself admiring them to such a degree I could call it worship.
 Then something reminds me to turn from worshiping the creation to worshiping its creator.
 To adore a feeling or state of mind, such as the revelation of beauty in nature or the way a lover makes me feel, may involve nothing but selfishness.
 But to adore the creator of that feeling, God for creating nature, a lover for giving me a piece of her heart, or parents for providing warmth and safety, that is appreciation, gratitude, untainted by the selfishness that all sin is made of.
 Maybe if I practice this exercise, try to catch myself in each act of admiration, and turn my worship to the creator, I will gradually learn to adore God the father, and God the spirit.
 But for now, my thoughts drift back to Eric.
 I have tried, on this trip, to relive our whole two years of brotherhood.
 And now I reconsider the fact that he didn’t die the moment his head rammed the boulder.

 that he was a brother right up to the moment he popped into the rock. The fact that he’s on a rock brings me back to the moment he stuck his head out of it. So I choose to worship Eric, himself, God, nature, his boulder, and the fact that
-
He walked with a definite limp, one that was all the more painful when contrasted against his otherwise graceful movements.
 I looked questioningly at Alec, but he shook his head, so I stayed quiet as he led me into the house.
 Rachel was waiting for us in a luxuriously-furnished sitting room.
 "Mother's been asking for you, Alec.
 I told her you'd be back soon, but she's worried."
 "I suppose this is a good opportunity to introduce Adriana."
 For the first time since I'd found out about Alec's secret, Rachel was looking uncertain.
 She was suddenly the old Rachel I knew from school instead of the confident young woman who'd helped face down three terrifying shape shifters intent on sending me back to Brandon.
 "Are you sure, Alec?
 I could go help her get settled into the Lilac Room."

 .""""""""" ""."" She looked at Alec. "You know, you're going to be late...""""""""""""" ""." Alec led me out the door
-
“Cease such nonsense,” Qurrah ordered.
 The spirit immediately hushed.
 A bit of coherence came to his eyes, and he glared down at the half-orc.
 “Greetings, Ahrqur,” Qurrah said.
 “Remember us, the incompetent thieves?”
 The spirit glared harder.
 “Did his tongue die with him?” Harruq asked.
 “I haven’t told him he can speak yet,” Qurrah responded.
 His eyes flicked back from Harruq to the spirit.
 “You may talk, spirit, but keep it quiet.”

 down at Harruq.<eop> “I can’t hear the voices.” Qurrah continued. “.................”<eop> Sings, the people of the city.........
-
As I sit, I think about the circumstances in my life that brought me to this spot.
 I am alert to my surroundings but distracted by my thoughts.
 The fingers on my left hand slowly stroke my bottom lip and then downward across my graying goatee.
 It is eerily quiet but my mind pounds with the noise in my head.
 My attention should be entirely on the task at hand and not the events in my life that lead me here, but my mind hiccoughs.
 I am here because this is where the drug dealers will meet me.
 They have $2500 in cash in exchange for the one hundred 80 milligram Oxycontin tablets which are in a small plastic bottle, tucked away into my jacket pocket.
 I have just turned fifty years old, which is older than the combined age of the young couple who will be meeting me.
 It is early 2009, and the drug I have in my pocket was not even available when I was a teenager.
 In my younger days the contents in my pocket would have been cocaine or marijuana, but times have changed.

 not have a drug today, it is in my pocket and there isn’t marijuana in my pocket. It is not marijuana in my pocket. There is cocaine in my pocket today and there is no drugs in my pocket. I have a large amount of cash in my pocket, and I have not
-
I always felt that way after soaring, you know?
 I fly when I play.
 I mean this literally.
 You read Castaneda?
 Anyway, there standing in my way, like fucking Lot’s wife, was this raven-haired beauty, and I had this strange idea, man, that we had conjured her, that the music had brought her into being.
 You can’t understand.
 Or maybe you can.
 You know Memphis.
 I really felt like here was a woman made of soul and blood and electricity and philharmonic, eldritch diablerie, you know?
 I thought she was fucking Terpsichore, man.

 ......... I....... I...... I don’t know what thought I had, but what I really felt was...,,,,,........,.
-
Of course, both times before when he'd shouted at her, he'd come to her to-- "Marie?"
 Davis called as he tapped on her door.
 "Darling, I'm sorry.
 Please come out for a minute."
 She went to open the door.
 "You hurt my feelings.
 And you hurt my arm."
 "I'm sorry.
 I'm under a lot of pressure at work, and I took it out on you."
 He took her hand and raised her arm so that he could kiss it where he'd squeezed it.

 ",""""""",""""","""" """"","""",""""""""""""""""""""" """""
-
“No miss, you are far from Igneeria.
 You’re in the Half-way, the place between Earth and Igneeria.
 The Half-way can act as a gate, or passage into Earth.
 It seals off the two worlds and if a monster were to make it as far as the Half-way, it would have a truly difficult time completing its journey because it won’t find a way in or out of this place.” “So let me get this straight,” I said slowly, “we’re not in Igneeria right now but some Half-way?” The dwarf nodded, happily.
 “So where’s Igneeria?” The dwarf rubbed his stubby chin.
 “The entrance changes but its current location is in your town.
 That’s how I got here.
 But don’t get the Half-way confused with Igneeria, miss, for they are quite different.
 Especially now, with all the dark events that have been occurring because of his rising.” “You mean Kojas?” I asked.
 “Shh!

 Kojas........what the hell could I say? “No, I’m just...”I shook the head of the dwarf. “So what’s Kojas?” The dwarf shook his head sadly. “He’s a monster.
-
Alec was uncharacteristically early, already sitting at his normal desk.
 He looked up and briefly met my eyes when I reached my desk, but there wasn't even a trace of acknowledgment in his gaze.
 Mrs. Alexander started class, reviewed a couple of points that other groups needed clarified, and then released us to work on our assignments.
 I waited several seconds for Alec to make some kind of move, and then with a flash of anger stood and carried my things over to the desk next to his.
 I nearly jumped when he opened his mouth.
 "You'll want to review page 89.
 It contains most of the relevant formulas.
 We'll need to know exactly how they work.
 We'll be given an unknown weight, an unknown number of pulleys, and expected to move it all with the most efficient arrangement possible."
 It almost didn't seem like he was talking to me.

 shook his head, and briefly met my eyes. "Yes, we will be expected to move the four pulleys, the weight, the levers, the rod, the cylinder, the piston, the three levers, the pulleys, and be expected to work on
-
“Your mother…” I trailed off.
 He sighed.
 “My mother died years ago, with a large part of the northern clans.” I cringed.
 His mother had died because of my mother.
 The same as Chevelle.
 I was almost afraid to ask.
 “And your father?” He smiled.
 “My father wanders the mountain… killing fairies.” My jaw dropped.
 “You mean Ruby is your sister?” “Half-sister,” he emphasized.
 He let me roll that around for a while before he spoke again.

 ..” he paused.. “My mother...” I whispered. “...” I nodded to him. The clans. The northern clans.... the northern clans. The northern clans. The clan clans and the northern clans..
-
Harruq tapped his fingers against the hilts of his swords and glanced about the clearing.
 “I…‌you still want to hear that story?” he asked.
 The playful atmosphere vanished into the trees.
 Aurelia returned and sat on her heels.
 She placed a hand on his shoulder.
 He tensed and jerked away, then blushed at his reaction.
 “Sorry,” Harruq stood up, his face burning red.
 “This is stupid.
 I’m leaving.”
 “Stay, please,” Aurelia said.

 the other side of the tree, he saw a girl enter the clearing.<eop> He took his sword and walked over to her. She ran from him and ran to the middle of the clearing. “Call me, I... whatever I want. I want to kill them, and to make
-
Instead, she sat on her bed with her back against the headboard and her arms wrapped around her knees.
 Why did she feel so frightened?
 This was almost how she'd felt when she'd wandered into 2011.
 But then she'd been in a strange place; now she was home.
 She should be ecstatic.
 She'd tried for over five weeks to get home.
 Tuesday she'd spent a delightful day with her family, the best of her adult life.
 Her father had amazed her by showing her his love in a variety of ways.
 He and her brother had reconciled.
 She'd had several of the heart-to-heart talks with her mother that she'd longed for.

 with the.... she'd had talked with the... she'd talked with the.. That's what her mother had said, with her family. She'd talked with her father. She'd talked with her own mother, with her brother. She'
-
Whoever he was, he quietly left the room while my head was still whirling.
 I looked up to find Britney frowning at me.
 "What is your deal?
 I don't think I've ever seen Isaac notice anyone other than his girlfriend.
 He isn't like Alec, who notices everyone but is too good to actually speak to any of us.
 Isaac's just so caught up in whatever is going on inside his head that he doesn't realize any of us exist."
 Britney slammed her book.
 "First Brandon decides he has the hots for you, and then you crack the ivory tower.
 There's absolutely no justice in the world."
 I so wasn't looking forward to the ride home.

 "If I wasn't you, I probably wouldn't have heard of Isaac because he's just one hell of a man. I don't know who his ass is. And, hell, I don't care about who the asshole is."<eop> "
-
Now I don’t have very little control over Johnny, I wish I did, but I don’t.
 The only thing Johnny’s shaping up holds in common with winning the lottery is that the chances are slim and all I’ll ever be able to do is fantasize about it.
 Jim – If only you did win the lotto, then you could buy a nice tropical island somewhere and send Johnny to it.
 Art – If I had my own tropical paradise, you can bet that Johnny wouldn’t be the one inhabiting it.
 Karen maybe, but not Johnny.
 Being alone on an island with a beautiful woman is far more enjoyable than being there with an angry teenage son.
 The two don’t compare.
 Only a sick man would choose the other way around.
 Jim – Either way if you sold the movie rights they could make you quite wealthy.
 Art – Well, as we’ve already realized, I’m not going to win the lottery so it doesn’t much matter.

 – Well it’s not that I won’t win the lottery. It’s it’s just that I won’t. I don’t like them, I probably won’t like them, I don’t want to know them... I don’’t
-
Thinking up new songs.
 I had this record player, you know, with the lid and the swivel arm made of plastic, and a stack of 45s, some I bought at Corondolet in a sealed stack—you know?
 Five 45s for $1, and you could only see the top one.
 And it would be something halfway tempting, some Jerry Lee or The Cascades.
 But the others were groups you’d never heard of.
 But, that didn’t matter to me.
 I listened to everything.
 At that time everything was equal—my taste was still developing.
 So I was indiscriminately borrowing from everywhere, from any 45 that came across my little portable spinner, it was all equal, you know, it was all music, Lee Hazlewood or Howlin’ Wolf or Roy Orbison or Serge Gainsbourg.
 I remember I had this Terry Callier 45, “Look at me Now,” and I thought it was every bit as good as “Rock Around the Clock” or the Sun stuff or “Lemon Tree”—(laughs)—I didn’t know, man,  I mean it all seemed good to me.

 , I was all like, man, man, it was all the music. I didn’t know, man, it was all the music. And man, it was all the music. But, man, I was like, man, it wasn’t good. I thought it wasn’
-
Eugene – Oh funny.
 Look if you don’t want to help…
 Jim – Hey I’m trying.
 It’s harder than it looks.
 Eugene – You could concentrate on the task at hand.
 How do you ever get your homework done if you can’t concentrate?
 You’re going to be a janitor forever.
 Jim – If you’re going to be an asshole about it…
 Eugene – Touchy, touchy.
 God I was just kidding.

 going to go there... Eugene – Yes, Jim – Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, God I’’m going... Jim – Oh God, God I’m going I’m going to. Eugene – Well I’m going to
-
[section break](break.png)
 Aurelia raced down the twisting back alleys of Celed.
 The dreaded chill of Velixar was far behind her, but still she hesitated to slow.
 Never before had she felt so vulnerable.
 As she stopped to catch her breath, a loud horn call echoed throughout the town.
 The elf sighed, clutching her staff to her chest as she slumped against the side of a house.
 The battle was over…‌but would the man in black obey the call?
 She thought not.
 Suddenly a hand closed about her mouth.
 The foul smell of sweat and dirt filled her nostrils.

 ............. She struggled to raise her head as she rushed forward............... They refused to stop her. Her long legs, protected by swords, dragged her slowly through the streets of
-
“I thank you for sparring with me,” she told him.
 “It’s nothing,” he said.
 “Better to spar with someone than practice alone.”
 Aurelia smiled.
 “You’re different than what I expected, Harruq.
 Smarter, too.”
 Harruq blushed.
 “No need for lies,” he said.
 The elf laughed a little but said nothing.
 Instead, she walked over and gave Harruq a quick peck on the cheek.

 was done.<eop> Harruq was not a man. A man he was. Just a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a.... A man,, a man,, a man, a man.. A man, a man,,
-
Ruby smiled at him, making me instantly suspicious she had set this up.
 A long sword was already in his hand as he approached.
 He raised it, expertly gripping the hilt with both hands.
 My mouth went dry, a vague part of my brain only managing a weak, Uh-oh.
 Fear rushed through me and I wrapped my fists around the hilt of my own sword, praying I could protect myself.
 A smile was the only warning Chevelle gave before his blade cut the air.
 Instinct took over and I flung my arms up to block his swing with my own.
 The metal clashed and I felt the shock vibrate through me even as the peal pulsed in my ears.
 He struck again and I pulled the sword back, twisting to block another shot.
 I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.

 me hard to close my eyes and I tried to keep breathing and tried to make sure I was strong enough to hold my own. I shook my head and held the long sword firmly in my hand as soon as Chevelle stepped forward, gripping the hilt. I stood up and struggled with the
-
Alec's face unexpectedly softened for a moment, his expression still unwelcoming, but now mixed with a trace of something else.
 While I was busy trying to understand the sudden change, Mrs. Alexander looked at the front of the class with a frown on her face for a moment.
 I suddenly realized that she knew the difference between the two kinds of giggles.
 That was unusual in someone so old.
 The younger teachers usually kept the girls from being too awful to each other, but the old guard didn't really catch the subtle differences high-school girls used to emotionally traumatize each other.
 Her kindly face taking on a stern cast, Mrs. Alexander turned back to Alec.
 "I'm sure you'll enjoy working with Miss Paige, Alec.
 After all, you can't really expect to do everything by yourself.
 Occasionally a helping hand is exactly what's called for."
 The words reached inside me, pulling on something that was already bleeding, tearing it further.

 Oh, Mr."" "" """" """"" """"<eop> When I turned to face the teacher, she immediately said that she would be looking at Alec.<eop> "You know, Mr.""<eop> "Mr.
-
University of Arizona, whom I count as my team since I taught there for several years, is leading University of Hawaii when we leave, on account of a book signing.
 My friend Alan, with whom I’ve partnered for a lot of book signings, likes to hound me about a remark I once made, “There’s no such thing as a bad signing.” Well, by now I’ll admit that there is such a thing.
 But most often, even if you don’t sell many books, interesting stuff happens.
 And you never can tell when you’ll get blessed.
 Or challenged.
 Or both.
 A woman of kind and friendly demeanor comes into Chapters, a coffee shop bookstore in Newberg, Oregon, about a half hour from Portland.
 I’ll call this woman Curly.
 Though she's older than most college students, as her sweatshirt is lettered “George Fox,” I ask if she goes to nearby George Fox University.
 She gives me a rather wistful smile.

 Yeah.... Oh.... Yeah, Oh.... Oh,.... Oh,... Oh... Yeah. We’re going to...” I tell her that if she’s right, she’s a good
-
Following the path as it wound closer to them, I became excruciatingly aware it was going to split, heading to either the gate or to the library.
 I hadn’t decided how to make my escape when Chevelle turned back toward Virden and spoke something low, cutting the conversation off.
 Virden shot me one quick look and stormed into his tree.
 Chevelle remained standing where he was, his back to me.
 I had to decide.
 Walk within feet of him going to the library to research him or run home and hide.
 My stomach churned.
 It was ridiculous.
 I took a deep breath and kept walking, approaching the split.
 He turned to me, scarcely a few feet away.

 . I looked at him, spun him around, climbed up his tree, and ran back to the gate. Chevelle turned back to me a few feet away. I turned to him, and walked around to where he was standing. He looked at me, noting the shadows in the ground on his
-
“Why do you flee?” Harruq roared when her crying eyes glanced back at him.
 “This life is pain, suffering!
 I’m here to end it, end it all!”
 The woman ran faster and her child cried louder.
 It didn’t matter.
 Harruq rammed her with his shoulder.
 To protect her child, the woman rolled so that her side took the brunt of the fall.
 As the half-orc’s blades twirled in the air, the mother kissed her child one last time before curling up around the joy of her life.
 Then the blades fell.
 On the half-orc ran.

 woman ran, the blades fell on her, sliding down her body, her arms and legs, sliding down her back, her arms, her head, her head on the back, then her head on the side, her.......... On the half-orc
-
I grabbed the dress off the tree branch—the last evidence of me being here—and threw it into the pack.
 Swinging it around onto my back, I started to run.
 I didn’t know where I was or where the map would take me, but I finally had a purpose.
 There were mountains burned into my palms, and there was only one place to find mountains: In the north.
 I couldn’t remember much of life before going to live with my aunt Fannie.
 The village and surrounding meadows and forests were the only home I’d had, the only place I’d known.
 It wasn’t exactly a comforting place, but there was something to be said for knowing where you were, where to find food, shelter, and water.
 I’d been filled with determination when I’d started running, concentrating on north and nothing else.
 But as I made my way, I became aware of the sheltered life I’d been living.
 The land here started to roll, the trees a deeper green, their trunks too narrow.

 ahead, and I could see the outlines of a valley far to the north through the pine trees, and I knew that I had a purpose.<eop> I ran north through the trees and up to the mountains, and I ran into the forest. I made my way up into the woods, and I
-
Moonlight glinted off Ruby’s figure in the distance, heading away from the village.
 I didn’t think.
 I just pulled a cloak from the pile on her bed and was out the hidden door behind the wardrobe.
 I ran in a crouch, praying no one spotted me as I gained on her.
 I only once glanced at the house in the fear I wouldn’t be able to find my way back.
 If I wanted to catch Ruby, I wouldn’t be able to mark my path.
 Her cloaked form leapt over a tall rock and disappeared.
 I hurried forward, sure I was about to lose both her and the route.
 When I topped the rock, I froze, taking a heartbeat too long to drop to my stomach.
 Just over that ridge stood a group of elves, though after my pulse settled, I didn’t think they’d seen me before I’d fallen back.

 them, I rounded the edge of the cliff, leaving them standing at the edge of the village.<eop> I scrambled up to my feet and hurried forward, peering out the window all the way to the nearest house. In an hour, I’d be able to follow the road to the village
-
Obviously not with the impossible, glowing water, but with the incredible, lush vegetation and the secluded pool.
 Then again, I'd seen Mom pull off some pretty crazy tricks with her camera, maybe there would be some way to simulate glowing water, some kind of photography trick I'd never heard of.
 I walked downstairs as the eastern sky was just starting to change colors.
 Mom was already gone.
 The message board was conspicuously empty, so she was either still frustrated with me, angry at our hopeless situation, or wrapped back up in her quest to become a renowned photographer.
 Britney picked me up on schedule and I somehow made it through my first two classes.
 Mrs. Sorenson was still out to prove to everyone I was an idiot, and Heathcliff was still a psychopath despite Mr. Whethers' best efforts to explain the character's motivation.
 Math was actually the high point of the morning.
 Mrs. Campbell was smart enough to put Britney off in a corner surrounded by the kind of kids she'd never even consider talking to under normal circumstances.
 Not having Britney distract me all hour would have been a blessing by itself, but things got even better when Mrs. Campbell complimented me on the homework I handed in.

 I was terrible in math, she told me that I was about 6th in it. I thought it was a joke, but it was, and I was a very very, very good student. She told me I was in at least 65% of her class, right down to the last 10%
-
And how much worse would it have been if he'd been snatched away against his will?
 And unable to communicate with his family and friends?
 His heart began to ache for her.
 She had parents she loved, parents she knew were worried about her.
 She found everything here new and exciting, but there was a lot to be said for old and familiar.
 If she were home right now, she'd probably be sitting at her kitchen table with her mother planning a shopping trip or a luncheon or .
 .
 .
 Rick blinked hard.
 Something was wrong.

 .... home.. he was going to home.. home.... and this was not right for him, he was going home.. home with his parents, his sister,..
-
I kept watching her in the mirror and she was watching me.
 It got quiet and I needed an ice breaker for the silence so I quipped that she certainly didn’t dress like a cop and she laughed.
 She bent at the waist as she put her hands to the side of my shoulders and she pressed her bare breasts against my back.
 She rubbed her breasts on my back and buttocks as she maneuvered her body over mine.
 I couldn’t help but be aroused.
 She leaned in close to my ear with her mouth, her young body firmly against my back, and then asked me seductively if I would sell her the Oxy.
 I told her I would find out how many I had and we could probably work something out and sell them to her.
 She then asked me to turn over and she sat on me, barely above my crotch.
 I immediately noticed a tattooed first name of “Steve” on her flat stomach, just right of her belly button.
 I tapped the tattoo and ask her if that was her boyfriend’s name.

 , and said yes. I continued to tell her that I didn’t dress like a cop. Then she put her lips to kiss on the bottom of my head, and said that she didn’t dress like that she was a cop.<eop> She told me to go in the bathroom. I
-
Still shaking his head, he stormed back to the gate, muttering curses.
 “What was that all about?” Harruq asked.
 “King Vaelor asked for aid and the elves declined,” Qurrah answered, chuckling.
 “The King’s pride will not take too kindly to that.”
 “He and his pride can suck a rotten egg,” Harruq said.
 “Hurry or we’ll miss the battle.”
 He pulled his brother down the alley to where a tall, crumbled house leaned near the wall.
 “Onto my shoulders,” Harruq suggested, grabbing Qurrah’s knees and hoisting him high.
 Qurrah latched onto the roof, paused, and then stepped onto Harruq’s shoulders.
 The extra height boosted his head and chest above the roof, allowing him to climb to the top despite a moment of flailing.

 q jumped up in front of him, allowing Qurrah to climb to the top, despite a brief moment of hesitation. He stepped, paused, flailing, and,.......... he picked up the roof, lifted it to the top,...
-
All it took was three cuts.
 The first took the man’s sword from his hand.
 The second took his arm from his body.
 The third took his life.
 A final bolt of lightning shot down the street, killing the wounded soldier who had fled.
 Felewen wiped the blood from her blade and sheathed it.
 She used the same cloth to clean the blood from her face.
 “Come,” she said.
 “We must go north where we are needed most.”
 The two ran through the town, listening for sounds of battle.

 cloth from her cloak, she found the men who were in the town, and reached out to the other two.<eop> “They know the names of the beasts, they know the dragons. They don't fear them, they make war with them. They came from the enemy’s side
-
Harruq frowned but said no more.
 Together they climbed down from the wall and returned home.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Home to the two half-orcs was in the older, mostly abandoned southern district of Veldaren.
 Those with wealth had drifted northeast, closer to the castle and away from the busy streets and markets.
 When King Vaelor had ordered all trade to come in through the western gate, and not the south, it had been the final nail in the district’s coffin.
 The homeless, hungry, and destitute flooded the rows of abandoned buildings, clawing them away from their legal owners with their very presence, or sometimes their murders.
 Harruq and Qurrah played that game well.
 They had grown up on the streets of Veldaren and fought for every scrap of food they’d eaten.

 had fought for their sacks, sacks, and bales, and bales and homes, and then they had also fought for the last scraps of their food and their homes. They had fought for their last breath in the dark, and fought for even their last breath in the
-
I need rest.
 Talk to you later.
 Liz – Bye Art.
 Hi Jim.
 Jim – Hey Liz.
 Liz – I brought this for you.
 Jim – Sweet my poster.
 This is going where the old Legend of Zelda poster used to be in my room.
 I think I’ll frame it.
 Liz – What an honor.

 Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim
-
Johnny – I’ve lived with you for a lifetime.
 Nobody should have to go through that.
 Eugene – And Elizabeth seems to want that kind of fate.
 Johnny – I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again, Elizabeth is a strange person.
 Jim – You’ve never said that.
 Johnny – Ok so maybe I didn’t actually say it, but I thought it really loud a bunch of times.
 Not my fault if you fools can’t read my mind.
 Jim – Maybe you should think louder.
 That’s assuming that you have something there to read.
 Johnny – Any ideas I have will no doubt be superior to the Canadian Change theory.

 – But I think you have ideas. And I do. And I will.<eop> Johnny – I have no ideas. Eugene – I don’t think I’m going to listen to the whole pile of ideas. I don’t have an idea.<eop> Jim – Oh,
-
Marie decided she’d ask Grace to make her a waffle this morning.
 She’d like cherries and whipped cream on it.
 She’d go shopping with her mother and maybe have lunch in town.
 After lunch she’d come home to take a nap.
 The house would be hot in the afternoon.
 “Don’t forget to pick up the dry cleaning!” Marie jumped, looking up to see who’d yelled.
 A car door slammed, and she saw a sleek gray car back out of a driveway.
 She’d wandered far from Rick’s house .
 .
 .

 to the garage door. She sat up in her nap, stucking herself into her............................ She sat up in her..
-
Left early--looked like it might work if I was there at sunrise.
 --Mom I wasn't sure what to think.
 In theory she might be working on stuff for the brochure, but somehow I knew she was busy chasing her dreams once again.
 Good luck, I'll see you later.
 --A.
 My backpack creaked and groaned as I picked it up.
 Luckily most of my classes weren't moving as fast as I'd expected.
 I was far enough ahead I could start picking a few subjects and working on them every night instead of bringing home my entire locker every day.
 As always, it was already heating up despite the sun having only barely cleared the mountains.
 It did seem like it wasn't quite as hot though.

 B. I decided to leave out most of my classes to camp for a bit and get back to the back of the group. I knew that there wasn't a lot to do that I was stuck with....... I just wasn't worried. --B
-
No shit.
 He’s really a werewolf.
 CM:  	Um…
 BG: 	 Hey, here’s something I can tell you now, something that’ll blow your mind, ok?
 CM: 	Sure.
 BG: 	I mean, it sounds perverse, but, well, everyone who wrote me off as this junkie-folkie like JT, here’s another clue for you all.
 I did a song called, “Don’t Ever Antagonize the Horn,” based on a Coltrane melody.
 A real, guitar heavy piece with some of Zappa’s band.
 I released it under the name “Jimi Mumu.”
 CM:  	I know the song, great song.

 : Uh,... Um.... Um...: Um...: Um...... MM: Um...:.... Um.... MM: Um....:..
-
Then he beckoned me and I stood up.
 Then someone tapped me on the shoulder.
 I bit back a scream and whipped out my knife.
 But I dropped it in surprise as I spotted Emily standing over me, rocking back and forth on her heels.
 I squealed and hugged her tight.
 Jason was limping over with a grim expression on his face.
 “What I don’t get a hug too?” he asked.
 “I jumped down a deep hole for you.” “Uh…” I said, feeling awkward.
 Seth walked over and patted Jason on his back.
 “Tell you what, when we defeat Kojas, I’ll give you a hug.” “Uh, fine dude,” Jason said and whispered in Seth’s ear.

 walked over and was waiting for me to get up and face him. But he held me there and hugged me tight.... tight. “Uh... what I don’t give you a hug.... “Uh....” “I’ll give you
-
Before I could look away, Rachel held up the red side of her card.
 "Do you have a minute?"
 Happy to be able to do something, I hurried over and took a look at her open book.
 "Fractions, huh?"
 "Yeah, I'm supposed to reduce them after I finish adding, but I can't seem to get to the same answer as the book on this one."
 She'd transposed a couple of the numbers when working on one of the intermediate steps.
 "Here it is, you've changed the numbers here, it should be fourteen sixty-fifths, not fourteen fifty-sixths."
 Rachel's skin was several shades darker than mine, tan enough that it didn't show embarrassment as easily, but it still looked like she'd gone the slightest bit red.
 "Oh, I'm sorry to bug you with such a stupid mistake."
 "Don't worry about it.

 okay.""""Don't make such a mistake, because it will be correct.""""""", "", "", """"", ""Yeah, it's be okay. I'll try to find
-
It's probably easier to follow."
 As he read the article, he understood why she'd found it so difficult.
 Everything was presented in a way that made it seem like accomplished fact when in reality it was all theory.
 It was based on Einstein's theory of relativity.
 These wormholes Marie had mentioned were passages formed around black holes, which were collapsed stars.
 And it was all based on the assumption that something besides light could travel at the speed of light.
 In one small paragraph he found that the entire article was theory upon theory: no one had ever found a black hole or a wormhole or anything that could travel faster than the speed of light.
 "You didn't miss anything," Rick told Marie, setting the article aside.
 "Scientists think that it would be possible to travel through time by going through these wormholes the author mentions, but it's all theory.
 Nobody has ever discovered a wormhole, and none of this stuff has ever been proven."

 looked at her. "Really?"<eop> "It's..."" Rick asked her incredulously. "It's all theory, but it's all theory upon theory. Actually, it's all part of science. It all revolves around physics.
-
Rachel caught my eye before I made it back to my table.
 She gave me another tentative smile as I slid into the seat next to her.
 "I'm really sorry about yesterday.
 I said all of the wrong things.
 It's just I'm not supposed to talk about what Alec says."
 Wow, he sounded like even more of a jerk than I'd expected.
 Talk about controlling.
 "It's okay Rachel.
 I'm sorry I overreacted at finding out my attacks were public knowledge.
 It was mostly meant for Britney."

 ..... " " " " " " " " " " " " " "" " "" "" "" " " " " " " "
-
I gasped.
 Junnie swirled around.
 “What?
 What did you find?” “No, I was just… there was a thistle here…” It was all that had developed, the bulbs and seedlings were undisturbed, and I couldn’t help but think, Oh, sure, the weed grows.
 Junnie was across the room in a flash.
 She glanced at the changed thistle and then, briefly, me, but when I tried to meet her gaze, it shifted to the wall of books.
 “Well, good for you, Frey.
 Your efforts are finally paying off.” I stared blankly at her.
 “What do you say we wrap it up for today?
 I’ve got some business with Council.” I stumbled off the stool, half numb from being still so long, and made my way outside into the warm sun, unsure of my direction.

 up a book, and handed it to the door. “Well, please, just shut it. I was going to do it in a way for the knights, and I knew what I had to do to...” I put the book back up on the shelf, and the door
-
“It’s done.” I stood staring at the crumpled mass as the others gathered, arguing.
 A council member.
 “It’s time to move,” someone said.
 Came for me.
 “No, not yet.” Someone else.
 They killed him.
 And I was glad.
 “There could be more,” Grey insisted.
 That brought me back, no matter how disturbing my realization was.
 “More?” Chevelle gave the bickering group an admonishing glare as he approached me.

 , then it’s time to move.”...”....”...”.”... oh, no.”... “No.” “ “That’s not the case,” Chevelle assured sternly.
-
Seth jumped up and grabbed his sword from the ground.
 He ran for Kojas.
 Kojas turned around and looked like a kid on Christmas morning.
 He raised his sword to block Seth’s blow.
 Seth pulled back and parried Kojas’ swing.
 “Emily, is he okay?” I yelled.
 She looked up and nodded to me.
 I turned back around to see Kojas slash Seth across the stomach.
 That’s when I screamed.
 Seth fell to his knees, holding his midsection.

 what exactly I was looking at when I saw Kojas..........<eop> I turned back around to look back to see Kojas slash Seth.......................
-
"Rachel doesn't have anyone either, but she's still suffering from a deeper hurt.
 She's with my mother."
 My confusion must have been more than usually self-evident as I sat up.
 "No, Mother isn't going through a good episode.
 She's asleep.
 Rachel crept into her room and crawled into bed with her.
 It's a poor substitute for what she aches for, but it's all Mother can offer right now."
 "Alec, there must be something we can do."
 He gently captured my hands, stilling their frantic motion and shook his head.
 "Not right now.

 .." "...." "." ".........." " "........." "....." "" "....."
-
She has a lot of love to give.
 Do not be so selfish as to want it all to yourself.” With that he gave a punch to Rodregas’ side, causing Rodregas to grunt in pain, and Doi’van followed the other two out the door.
 Rodregas laid in the bed, his mind whirling with thoughts.
 At first he thought about the implications of what Jordaan had shared.
 But, then his mind went back again and again over his and Imeralda’s time during the last few weeks and then back to Doi’van’s words.
 He knew his friend spoke the truth, but he was not so sure about his ability to do what he needed to keep his relationship with the beautiful AElven Nymph.
 CHAPTER 11 THE NATURE OF BONDS
 The next few days Rodregas and Doi’van recovered quickly under the powerful healing magic of Jordaan.
 This is not to say Rodregas did not spend most of his time dreaming that the handsome young Nymph would head back to his own estates.
 They were staying in a small village that seemed to be mostly a forest with small rooms built into it.

 was dark, the room had a large roaring fire. The cook was in the kitchen. Rodregas sat in the room with him and his pile of pillows, blankets, hooves, pillows, and finally, pillows. Doi’van left the room alone in the
-
** After seeing Vincent's 'accident', and knowing he'd probably been trying to kill or at least seriously injure Ben just for the fun of it, I couldn't really argue with Alec.
 Rachel seemed relatively unfazed by the idea of bodyguards, but I wasn't especially excited about yet another point of difference between me and everyone else.
 Still, school was both better and worse than expected.
 As Alec had intimated, the day started out with a trip to the office.
 Not just me, not even just me and Alec.
 The entire pack trooped into the room, filling it with impeccably dressed, mostly gorgeous, shape shifters, who gave off a perceptible tingle of energy if you knew what to look for.
 I'd really thought Alec was tilting at windmills right up until he politely, but firmly asked for a brief meeting with the principal and was ushered into the other man's office five seconds later.
 Alec drew the blinds, which didn't do anything to muffle the principal's raised voice.
 Fifteen minutes later, after the unmistakable feeling of Alec's power had crested to the point where it almost felt like there was a breeze blowing from the office, we were all sitting down with the bewildered school counselor and playing musical classes.
 Only it turned out Rachel and I were the only ones not changing our schedules.

 we needed to find the best time to go to lunch with the new principal, but we couldn't find the best time for our schedule. And that would be the story of the day.<eop> In the day, it was time for the morning and the first day of school, the start of
-
Wherever countries fail to live up to their natural potential, some institutional gap will be found that prevents new activities from taking off.
 In examining the potentials of commercial agriculture and agro-exports in India, ICPF identified critical missing links in the organization of production, transfer of technology, training, and the storage, processing, marketing and distribution of perishable commodities.
 Extension of proven systems can significantly accelerate development.
 The establishment of a new type of institution – the township and village industries – in China, and the unique system for linking them with scientific institutions, made possible the country’s phenomenal achievements in rural enterprise and employment generation.
 These enterprises now represent 16.5 per cent of all businesses in China and employ 22 per cent of the workforce.
 Institutional innovations of this type are possible in every state and every country.
 A comparative study of institutions and systems in more and less developed regions and countries for every major sector will make it possible to construct accurate scales and reliable road maps for more rapid development.
 In the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, the social institutions that served under the centralized command system need to be transformed out of recognition, or entirely replaced, in order to support a market-oriented system.
 Attempts at economic reform that focus primarily on changing laws and public policy without creating the necessary institutional infrastructure cannot succeed.
 Thousands of systems that have been fashioned by human resourcefulness are needed to support economic activity in different fields.

 , economics, the management, the economy, and the management of the economy, the role of the government, the market, and of the state. This system cannot be found in operation of every economic system. The pace of institutional innovation in the private sector in the U.S., has been
-
“Why in all of Dezrel would you be looking for her?”
 “She, um, I kind of…” The half-orc faltered.
 “I owe her a favor.”
 The elf smiled as if trying to appear amused, but it faltered miserably.
 “You are looking in the wrong place,” he said.
 “Search the woods just outside town.
 Call her name a couple times.
 She’ll hear you.”
 “Thank you,” Harruq said, grateful even though his insides churned.
 He had faced many men in battle, and yet here he was, his heart skipping beats at the thought of meeting this mysterious Aurelia.

 Harruq, if I want to meet Aurelia, I’ll need to go to the woods to find her. Thank you, yes, I need to find her now, then go to the woods. I thank you, I need to find her now to meet her.” “
-
No.
 How could she have walked from her garden into the future?
 Rick squeezed her arm.
 "I know.
 I'm confused too.
 This isn't possible."
 She looked up at him.
 "Is this Meadows Street?"
 "No.
 I don't know where Meadows Street is.

 't know that." "... I don't know." """""""" """""""""" """""""""" """ I don't know."
-
We filled nearly fifty large black garbage bags of filth and drug paraphernalia and left them for trash pickup in the alley behind the house.
 Most things of value had been stolen or pawned.
 One of these things was the expensive camera we had given him for Christmas.
 It was at the pawnshop.
 Agenda Item Two: Retrieve valuables from the pawnshop.
 The camera was sitting at a local pawnshop as collateral on a loan that expired on the very day we got there for it.
 It was the first time I had ever stepped foot in a pawnshop; it was a shit hole covered with other people’s Christmas and birthday presents.
 It was humiliating for me to be in this place and my son could not look me in the eyes the entire time we were there.
 The walls were lined with guitars, the glass counters held cameras, jewelry and trinkets of all types.
 The floors and shelves were covered with tools and equipment.

 never been in a store. He was young enough to know the quality of the guitars, jewelry and other valuables, but he had never seen a camera I had given him back from the pawnshop. I took him and the camera safely back to the house.<eop><eod> In a small
-
Rumors at the time suggested that her husband had transmitted a venereal disease to her."
 Rick was shocked.
 He had a hard time picturing the young woman in the picture as a victim.
 Of course, even today women stayed with men who abused them, and it would have been much harder for a woman in the 1920s to escape.
 But why had she married him?
 Had she not seen what type of man he was?
 He turned back to the picture.
 The article had said that she’d been vibrant and fun-loving in her youth, and he could see those qualities in her eyes.
 He would have liked to have known her.
 Well, before her marriage, anyway.

 me for the first time."<eop> "..." turned back to the picture....<eop> ".."" Rick said, breathless. ""Every time I see her, you smile."<eop> The woman said "No. I wanted to know
-
Alec yelled for Donovan and the first-aid kit as he carried me inside, and set me down in the living room.
 Donovan appeared a few seconds later, and edged Alec out of the way.
 He stripped off my shoe and then his prodding fingers brought another couple hisses out of me as he checked for a break.
 Apparently satisfied with whatever he'd found, he pulled out a syringe and filled it from a little vial while Alec gently scrubbed my ankle down with an alcohol pad.
 "Fortuitously, it's not broken, but I'm afraid it's one of the uglier sprains I've seen.
 I can take care of the pain though."
 There was a reason I'd never had the slightest inclination to give blood, but fear of needles or not, I couldn't bring myself to protest, so I just shut my eyes and gripped Alec's hand as Donovan stuck the needle in several different locations.
 The blessed numbness quickly spread out to encompass my entire foot.
 Working with a sure quickness any surgeon would have envied, Donovan wrapped my ankle and then examined his handiwork with a nod of approval.
 "That should take care of the pain and immobilize it so it can begin healing, but it is vitally important that you don't put any weight on it, Mistress Paige."

 ling in my seat, I tried to keep a close eye on the swelling and the pain, but I knew I was failing. "I don't want to try to break your ankle."<eop><eod> "Well, you just have to be careful," I gently said,
-
Blood ran down his face, and he spat some away from his mouth.
 He waited for another punch, but nothing came.
 The man was staring in total disbelief at the weapon he held.
 As he had stepped closer to punch, the gem at the end had shimmered a soft green.
 “Of all the dumb luck,” he said, a grin spreading across his face.
 “We got some real elves here!”
 They drew their swords.
 Harruq held an arm defensively in front of Qurrah, his eyes darting in all directions.
 Slowly, the leader extended the stick, poking it against Harruq’s chest.
 The soft glow turned into a brilliant flare of emerald.

 shook his head, and took a breath. With the next, he raised the blade to his chest, again poking it against the hilt of the end of his arm. The leader then slowly dropped the emerald gem into the next blade, and closed the circle.<eop> Slowly, the leader
-
I couldn't help trying to catch another glimpse of the art class as I walked past.
 I'd been hoping to see Alec again, but hadn't expected him to look up as I craned my neck to see inside.
 I stumbled a little in surprise.
 He was still gorgeous, but the simple joy was gone.
 He no longer looked like something that couldn't exist in this world, but even with anger etched on his features my heart still skipped a beat.
 I ducked around the corner and started down the stairs, my embarrassment at being caught staring giving way to anger.
 It didn't make any sense.
 I'd never done anything to him.
 Did he really hate me so much just because I'd told him off about not protecting Rachel?
 Cassie was waiting for me at my locker when I got there.

 to protect her. I'd been asking this for a long time, but I didn't realize that I was now the first single girl to get out of the class for the day.<eop> It wasn't even on the first day either. I was now the only girl in the class
-
I stood up and shook the heavy body off.
 I didn’t even have time to breath before one of the Thrashers decided that they would like to have a taste of me.
 I decided that I didn’t want to be shredded like some old rug, so I moved out of his path.
 That was the worst mistake I made, without even realizing it.
 At the same time another Thrasher was heading in my direction, and by moving out of the way from the first one, I had placed myself in the path of the second one.
 It slammed into my side at such a great force I tasted blood in my mouth, when I hit the ground.
 Then I felt pain, saw blood, and then nothing at all.
 Chapter 4
 I heard muffled voices around me as I regained consciousness.
 My head throbbed slightly, and so did my side and my tongue.

 one of them was here and the other was gone, and then I awoke to the sight of a Thrasher and a large and heavy body. When I got to the end of the body it was not just me, the body. One of the Thrashers grabbed and squeezed my hand.
-
I climbed down from my horse to stretch my legs over the trunk of a fallen tree, facing the mountain top instead of the view below, some part of me unable to accept the distance and height we had traveled.
 Chevelle led the horses to a thickset tree, its limbs stretching low and wide above the rocks.
 His hand spun to form a trough from the bark and tinder scattered beneath, the horses drinking as he used the same method to gather grasses from the sparse patches on the incline.
 Movement up the mountain caught my eye and I looked to Chevelle in alarm.
 Though he appeared calm, he was staring in the same direction.
 A dark cloaked figure advanced in the dusk, the full cape covering every part of its owner, drawn hood shielding their face.
 Chevelle nodded in greeting as I scanned the area for others who might approach.
 The stranger seemed alone, and reached Chevelle first, since he stood nearer to the horses than me.
 The newcomer whispered to him, and Chevelle’s eyes flicked my direction more than once.
 Curiosity burned through me.

 the stranger in greeting, and turned in the direction of me. I took a quick nap in the grasses in a small clearing in the incline and looked over to the top of the mountain. I noticed a dark figure growing closer to me, and I looked over the mountain side toward
-
The article said you were vibrant and fun-loving before your marriage.
 That captured my imagination, I guess, and I was sitting in the garden drinking tea and thinking about you, imagining what you were like and what your life must have been like before your marriage.
 And then-and then you walked into my garden.” “Incredible.”  She stared up at him.
 “But how?
 I mean, how did that .
 .
 .
 open the door or whatever?
 Had you ever done that before?” “No.”  He shrugged.
 “I was really lonely and falling in love with a girl in a book.

 . you guessed it,” she said. “I was really lonely. I mean, I was in a garden and reading.... a lot of books and I had a girl in a book who was gorgeous. I.... I..
-
Life with the powerful healer would be a far better one than one with his lost crusade.
 “Since you would ask me such a personal question, I have one for you.” Jordaan responded, “You are clearly struggling with what it means that Imeralda is a half Nymph, but have you thought about what is means that she is a half AElf?
 AElf maidens, when they mate with an AElf man, form a spiritual and magical bond.
 It is a bond that lasts all their lives and connects them on multiple levels as no other race is connected.
 That is why the AElves take so long to choose a life mate and almost never choose one outside of their race.
 They mate for life; not out of choice, but because that is required of their nature.” After Jordaan finished speaking he stood silently as Rodregas sat up in bed and thought on the healer’s words.
 “She is not as free with her body as most Nymphs,” he said.
 “No, she is not.
 She only lies with men who she truly feels a great respect for,” Jordaan answered.
 Rodregas had known that fact, but had not really thought about it.

 , he was having a similar conversation in his mind. Rodregas had known this in the past, but maybe not yet, but he thought it was important now. “So, when I came to thinking about this woman called Imeralda, I was thinking quite a bit about her.
-
"Yes."
 "Don't you watch talkies on it?"
 "Well, sort of.
 The programs aren't like movies--well, some of them are.
 Most programs are shorter--half an hour or an hour."
 He went to get the TV guide and found the listing for Saturday evening.
 A western had come on at 9:00.
 That would be a good place to begin, since it was set before 1927.
 "I think you'll like this western," he told her, turning on the TV with the remote.
 She stared at the little box in his hand.

 ",""..."<eop> """ and "",""" and """"" and """", "","""", """ """" and """"
-
Still, he had no choice but to try.
 He tucked his bow beneath him and then smashed his face into the dirt while sprinkling grass atop his head.
 He shifted his legs back and forth until as much grass sprang up around them as possible.
 He covered the rest of his body in his cloak.
 A few words of magic shifted its colors, better emulating the nearby terrain.
 He tucked his arms underneath him, closed his eyes, and waited for his fate.
 For the longest of time, silence.
 His shoulder pounded with each heartbeat; his chest screamed with each breath.
 Colors swam across his eyes.
 His ears, incredibly sensitive even compared to other elves, strained for the sound of approaching dead.

 ...<eop> He........ and.. ..... and.. . and.... and..
-
"Chicken.
 Is that OK?"
 "Yeah."
 She loved sweet and sour chicken.
 When they sat down, Rick told her, "I want to start with fried rice."
 She laughed.
 "You were serious about being fed!"
 "You'd better believe it."
 She fed him a forkful of fried rice.
 He returned the favor, and within ten minutes the table was covered with grains of rice and bits of food they'd spilled.

 , a lovely woman, joined them.<eop> "Cherry, sit up," Rick said to her.<eop> "Here," she said. "Here."<eop> Okay," they left the table and turned to head out of the kitchen.<eop> Coming out of the
-
South Africa and some former Soviet republics have voluntarily relinquished their claims as nuclear weapons states.
 Few realize that the catastrophic damage caused by the atomic bombing of Japan at the end of World War II dwindles into insignificance when compared with the destructive power and radioactive fall-out that would result from the explosion of even the smallest nuclear device today.
 Until the last nuclear weapon has been destroyed, the threat of accidental or intentional usage remains very real and very serious.
 The nuclear weapon states must come forward to fulfil the commitments made in the non-proliferation treaties by taking active and immediate steps leading to total nuclear disarmament by all powers within the shortest possible time.
 Year 2005, which is the 60th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, presents a real opportunity for concrete steps toward eradication of nuclear stockpiles.
 Cooperative Security System: Ten years ago the Commission was adamant in its call for a fundamental shift from a competitive to a cooperative global security system.
 The present competitive system depends on the ability of each individual nation to defend its own borders and interests against external threats.
 Such a system necessarily demands massive investments by each country in military capabilities.
 These investments are inevitably perceived by other nations as real or potential threats to their own security, thus fuelling compensatory escalation of military capabilities by other states.
 Calls for disarmament alone cannot and will not eliminate the problem.

 republics and other countries have, however, renewed the call for the signing of a nuclear treaty in 2006, it is clear that the implementation of a nuclear disarmament regime involves the elimination of the last nuclear weapons. The nuclear weapons states are committed to making immediate commitments to their own security and to the elimination
-
His glare turned accusing, his mouth suddenly moving with heated, determined words, but my ears only rang louder, engulfing all other sound.
 I cringed, but couldn’t stop myself from watching the scene play out, even as my head turned down, wanting to look away.
 Why is he fixed on me?
 What are they saying?
 Ruby remained protectively in front of me, her posture lowered, arms tensed tighter since the stranger turned his eyes on me.
 His face twisted in agony as his right arm was dislocated from its socket, leaving the limb hanging limply at the shoulder.
 I was glad I didn’t hear that sound.
 He turned back to his questioner, his mouth a grimace as the words came out, unmistakably a curse, and his other arm was wrenched from its place as well.
 He winced, apparently not yet numb from the damages, and then his face went hard, his lips pressed together, jaw clenched tight.
 He wasn’t going to scream.

 he needed to say the words. I could hear the fury in his gaze now, the fury in his voice, and the same anger. War to war, rage to rage, rage to hate, hate, hates, hate, rage. No, he didn’t want to scream. No
-
We told no one.
 It needed to be our immediate family’s dirty little secret.
 Thomas and I had fallen out because of his continued preference for drugs and that lifestyle and an inclination toward our biological father’s proclivity for untruths and big scams.
 The last thing I wanted was for Thomas to be a part of this.
 Oh, how he would rub my face in this shit.
 You would think with all my experience around drugs that I would have known what to do.
 That is exactly what I thought!
 Brandon was sickly and skinny.
 My wife lay with him for hours rubbing his back and keeping fluids in him.
 He went from cold to hot and back again.

 from cold to hot, from cold to hot and back.<eop><eod>........ I....................................
-
BG: 	You got kids playing records backwards, you got kids hearing drug references in everything, from “Lucy in the Sky” to “In Real Time”.
 You got academics plumbing rock music now for the kind of meanings they dug out of Wordsworth and Coleridge.
 Everyone’s in there digging around, rooting around.
 Man, all you gotta do to be plumbed is write gibberish, this is proven, these guys they love obscure.
 You know?
 They live on obscure.
 I don’t want any part of it.
 Why I stripped back, not just my instrumentation but my lyrics.
 I got simpler.
 Some people, some back-biting curs, I might say, said I got stupider, that my two “California” LPs represent some kind of nadir for rock music, right up there with Self Portrait and “My Love” and Satanic Majesties Royal Request or whatever the hell that thing is called.

 : I wanted to throw it out. I hated it. I wanted to destroy it. I didn’t just love it, I wanted it to disappear. I said I wanted to do anything to get back it. I wanted to do everything to get back into it. I wanted to get back
-
Ruby offered Chevelle a drink and he sat in a chair beside mine.
 She prattled as she enjoyed the wine, and I tried to focus on her stories instead of the occasional glances he threw my way.
 And then he grabbed my arm.
 I flinched, afraid at the quickness and strength of the move, but he only trailed an index finger gently down my arm, over the design, to stop in the center of my palm.
 My arm relaxed into his grip.
 “You like it?
 Ruby did it.
 It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” His finger stayed on my palm as he looked up at me.
 His eyes lingered on my mouth for a moment and then met mine, piercing.
 “A hawk?” It seemed like an accusation, but I had no idea why.

 words, I wanted to touch him, wanted to stare at his face, to see his eyes. He took the hand that took most of his attention from me, and he pointed to the hawk and the design. Then over the design, he placed one of the hawks and the design
-
“Fight with a staff?” Rodregas responded in surprise.
 “No, can’t say that I ever have.
 The weapons of the Knight are the sword, the mace, the lance and the bow.
 Those are the weapons of a warrior,” he stated.
 “And what do you do when facing a warrior in full plate armor?” asked Doi’van.
 “Even chain mail can stop an arrow or the edge of a sword.
 And while a mace is great against chain, crushing your opponent and breaking their bones, such tactics take far too long against plate armor.” Rodregas was not sure what to say to that question.
 The mace or the war hammer was, of course, the weapon of choice against all well armored opponents.
 Doi’van was right, edged weapons were not of much use against a full set of plate armor.
 That is why knights or others who could afford the cost wore all that metal.

 laughed wryly. “But you don’t see that piece of metal on the battlefield. In fact, knights don't wear their plate armor. They don't wear plate armor. They don't use steel or other pieces of metal against armor. And a knight not in plate armor doesn’
-
The half-orc shrugged.
 “Sure, why not?”
 Instead of starting, she lowered her staff and crossed her arms.
 “Something’s wrong, Harruq.
 Tell me what bothers you so?”
 Harruq sighed and looked away.
 He gently tapped his swords together.
 “I don’t know.
 Bored.”
 “Am I not a challenge?”

 back to the two warriors. “’’...’...”<eop> “’.’..’.” “’......’’’....’’....’.<eop> ‘’.’’.’’.
-
I screamed again, when he didn’t move.
 “At last,” Kojas breathed.
 “Monster!” I cried.
 “You’re a monster!” He didn’t answer me.
 I looked up the hill to see a bunch of faery jerks running down the hill towards us.
 Emily stood in front of Jason and raised her hands.
 I notched an arrow and aimed.
 Dust kicked up everywhere as I aimed blindly.
 I heard one of them shout out in pain.
 I shot another and another, anger burning through me.

 the hill, Jason turned, twisted, and looked at Emily. As I fired at him, I could hear many more crying.<eop> I ran to get to the PC’s. I started shooting down the fae jerks, the resili, and the... then the
-
The last thing Rick remembered was Murray, the dog, drinking out of a toilet.
 When he opened his eyes again, the news was on.
 He yawned, wanting to stretch but finding that Marie lay on one arm.
 He looked down at her, smiling.
 Her cheeks were golden and rosy, her long, dark lashes like fans against them.
 Her dark hair fell over his arm and onto the pillow, and he reached up with his free hand to caress it.
 Marie stirred, moving closer to Rick.
 She blinked and found him hovering over her.
 As she gazed up into his eyes, she felt as if she were in a dream.
 This was just like one of her fantasies.

 her eyes and rolled over, her head resting in his arms. She moved closer to the bed, resting her head against his chest. She reached up next to him, held out her hand, and her hair fell over his chest. She leaned against the side of his chest, and he smiled,
-
They were testing her, a servant told me.
 Anvil was holding her back, Rune with magic.
 She snapped and they saw her power.
 Some denied the possibility but not my father.
 He has attained his prize, that which he has always coveted.
 I will stop him.
 ~ The plan is forming, but I am unsure whether it will work.
 I know I cannot defeat him, and his guard, alone.
 But I must protect my Freya.
 I must protect us all.

 must protect the............... I must protect the......... I will protect the..... I..... I will protect the... the......
-
Well that’s not my life.
 My life isn’t peaceful by any standards.
 It involves lots of smart remarks and bad decisions involving life or death.
 It also involves a bad choice of a place where you roll around pretending like your life could be normal for a second.
 Yeah… Seth sat up quickly and looked around.
 He must have heard it too.
 The ground rumbled in the distance and I didn’t know if it was an earthquake or a stampede of elephants.
 “What’s going on?” I asked.
 Seth crawled back to the edge and I joined him.
 We peered over and I spotted a bunch of monsters stomping their way across the hills.

 over the edge and patted the ground. I couldn’t tell which was the monster coming across the hill and I backed away. I sat on the ground and looked over the hills...That’s the beast coming up the hill? Is that... Yeah...
-
The museums, the opera, the food.
 They were perfect gentlemen.
 On our way home, strung out on fatigue and more coffee, I babbled about how, guided by Kerouac, we had risen above routine, learned to outrun the sheep and phonies and to create our own destiny.
 “We’re well on our way to being Supermen,” I boasted.
 I prophesied that as soon as we got released from high school and were no longer branded juveniles, life would turn into a banquet.
 Eric mostly sat quiet.
 As we sped past the strawberry fields of Santa Maria, he said, “You know what they say about there’s no free lunch?” “Yeah.” “Suppose they’re right.
 Then who’s going to pay for the banquet, for all this freedom?”
 A Big Change
 Though I continued to long for Karen Flagstad, I began to roam.

 the town, we picked her up in the back seat of the car................... we went to Karen...... we talked to her...... we got to see her. She
-
I warned and warned, but no matter how much I warned him, he continued his journey to the dark side.
 He was over six feet tall and weighed less than 140 pounds.
 He was sickly, late to every family event and completely high when and if he showed up.
 He was a constant embarrassment at large family gatherings as he was the last to show and the first to go.
 When our Chevelle was ready for its maiden voyage, he was a no show.
 I delayed starting the car for hours, expecting he might be late, but he never showed.
 That car started for the first time since I had taught the boys to drive, and Brandon missed this moment because drugs were now more important to him than anything or anybody.
 I looked at photos of Brandon growing up and wondered if I would view them in a slideshow at his funeral.
 My marriage suffered because Lisa defended Brandon vehemently; I completely understood, because I had grown up with a similar scenario: my mother’s unwillingness to see Thomas’s problem.
 My wife and I had many confrontations, and while we both knew he had a problem we disagreed on the severity and the solution.

 , Brandon was the last thing I wanted to see. There was no solution that came to mind; in fact, he was always on the wrong side and on the sides of things. He was angry at me and refused to listen to my suggestions. I had no confidence in the treatment of him.
-
I thought of the tracker and realized what a good distraction the book had been.
 “Steed?” “Frey?” I smiled but it fell away quickly.
 “How will we get to council?
 I mean, how do we find them?” He wasn’t smiling anymore either.
 “Well, there’s a good chance they’ll be looking for us.” Of course, and they would all come together.
 It was clear we were too strong for one or two, they would need to attack as a group.
 Or pick us off one by one.
 I wondered how large their force was.
 “Frey?” “Steed?” It wasn’t as funny this time.
 “How did you do it?” I raised my brow, unsure what he was asking.

 about the tracker and the camper. I was about to find the camper and the tracker.<eop> “Ssteed?” He was smiling again. “Of course, the camper found me. I think it’s a coincidence.” He was still smiling again. “
-
Speaking of art, when did you want to do my nude portrait?
 Liz – How about this weekend some time?
 Jim – Sounds good to me.
 What do you want me to wear?
 Liz – We’ll figure that out later.
 I’m working on a new technique.
 Jim – What sort of technique?
 Liz – Dark painting.
 Jim – Is that the one that involves using all sorts of dark colors?
 Liz – No, it involves painting in a dark room.

 .....dark painting”? Jim: Jim – So very dark, so dark dark, so dark dark, dark dark, dark, dark.....dark painting. Liz – So very dark painting, very dark.....dark dark, dark dark
-
More than one-third of the countries in the world still spend more on the military than on education.
 Efforts to improve education must go hand in hand with efforts to promote peace and disarmament and drastically curtail military spending.
 Mechanisms should be put in place to insure that a significant portion of reduced military spending is invested in education and training.
 The very highest social priority should be given to six educational goals in both developing and developed countries.
 First, there must be a massive effort to achieve UNESCO’s goal of eradicating illiteracy worldwide by the year 2000.
 The problem can only be banished by an all-out commitment of every national government to eliminate the huge backlog of illiteracy, while at the same time insuring that every child is taught to read and write.
 National youth service corps and military personnel can be utilized to help provide the necessary manpower.
 Second, every possible step must be taken to provide education for female children, an essential requirement for social equity and quality of life improvement.
 Nearly two-thirds of the world’s illiterate are women.
 In the poorest developing countries, literacy rates among females are 40 per cent below rates for males and the average number of years of schooling for females is 60 per cent lower.

 the number of children in the poorest and richest countries, the poorest women are the the number of children of children in the poorest countries, poorest women are the number of children in the poorest developing countries, and nearly one-third of children women are the number of women in the poorest developing countries.<eop>
-
The only way to know for sure was to see him with all of the masks off again.
 "Sure, I'd love to.
 Mrs. North again?"
 I ignored the spate of nasty looks shot my way, gathered my books, accepted the bundle of papers, and hurried off to the stairs.
 It was later than last time, so unless I was quick the bell was going to ring before I made it back down the stairs.
 The congestion was bad in the halls, but for some reason it was twice as bad around stairs.
 Apparently I was hurrying just a little too fast.
 I tripped just before I hit the first step, and almost went crashing down the flight that led to the basement.
 Luckily I was just quick enough to grab the banister and save myself from a broken neck.
 I didn't quite manage to avoid twisting my ankle though, so I limped all the way up to the second floor.

 did that, I was just about to make my way down the side of the hall, but I had to head down the back of the hall and find another way.<eop> There was a whole lot more left to do in order to see Mrs. North once again. Because of that I had to
-
Where's your mother?"
 "At a committee meeting."
 She actually would rather go shopping with her mother than alone.
 Her mother had wonderful taste but still never tried to talk her out of some of the more outlandish items she wanted to try.
 They always had a good time together, and Marie had been disappointed to find her mother gone when she awoke.
 "Call Tom then," Mr. Tranton suggested.
 "He's playing golf.
 Really, Father, I'll be fine.
 There's nothing-" "Why don't I take you?"
 Marie whirled around to see Davis in the doorway.

 "My father, Tom, was the first person to come in. He knocked at the door...-" "Let's go out," Davis said through his teeth. "Come in, Father, I'm waiting for you."<eop> " "
-
I looked over at Brandon to see him peering at me from the bed, knowing that drug tests don’t lie but drug addicts do.
 I screamed at him to pack his shit and get the fuck out.
 I had been left with only one option—to toss Brandon out on the street to hit bottom— because what I was doing wasn’t enough.
 Or maybe what I was doing was too much?
 I had just risked my life to help him and apparently while I was getting wired to save his ass, he had managed to get Oxy into my home and got high while I was working his undercover drug deal.
 Not only was I devastated, I was a sucker and a fool to have helped him.
 After all of the agony during detox, he was back on this shit and nothing had changed.
 My love for him and our effort and commitment to him as his parents wasn’t as strong as his desire to ingest Oxy.
 Brandon’s addiction to this drug was more powerful than anything I could offer and all the love Lisa and I could show.
 My wife woke to my screaming and she was as shocked as I was when I showed her the test results.

 her what Brandon was doing, I just told her that I was looking for him and if I was wrong, I would tell her. I was also shocked that my husband and I had gotten up on my own to show her the nightly drug test results. We consented to the drug test results
-
The other brought his sword down too late.
 Salvation tore through his chainmail.
 Harruq whirled on him, a quick double strike knocking the sword from his hand.
 Helpless, the man staggered backward, clutching his wounded side.
 His eyes pleaded, but his mouth would dare not say the demeaning words.
 Harruq cut him again and again.
 His arms, his chest, his face: it all bled.
 But he remained alive, at least until that final moment when the two magic blades scissor-cut his neck.
 Harruq sheathed his swords and held the decapitated head of his foe high above him.
 Full of pride, Qurrah watched his brother roar his victory to the night sky.

 raised the head of the dying man to the sky........ it bled and he shouted to the sky............. the sky...... his sword was raised across the face of the
-
Her ears, upturned at the peak, were tiny even for her race.
 She wore a long green dress bound by a golden sash.
 “Well?
 Who sent you here?” she asked.
 “Was it some mean man trying to toy with you?”
 “I’m sorry,” Harruq said before resuming his slack-jawed staring.
 Aurelia uncrossed her arms, those same soft features turning remarkably fierce as she glared at him.
 “Stop that.
 If you don’t shut your mouth, I’m turning you into a toad.”
 He shut his mouth.

 ” ”,” “ ” ” ” “ ” ” ” “ ” ” “,” she repeated. Aurelia turned back to her dress, trying to shield her head by the sash from her ears. He stared into her eyes. “
-
“Wow,” I mumble, “if you can’t adore that fellow, you’re really a hard case.”
 Laura's Birthday
 First period Monday, I got called to Mrs. Bole’s office.
 I knocked, stepped in, and found her slumped over her desk.
 Though she was big and hearty, today she looked undone, like a visitor to Auschwitz.
 “Sit down, Kenneth.” “What’d I do?” “It’s about Eric.” Studying her mournful eyes, I eased myself into the chair.
 “Yeah?” “They crashed.” My heart stopped and I gave up breathing.
 “Eric?” I gasped.
 "El Cajon Valley Hospital.
 They don’t believe he’ll make it.” My brain catapulted through space, into a black hole.

 nowhere to go, but Eric was on the other side, and I was going to get to him. He was in a massive black hole, and I was....... sss..........
-
He started rambling something about how I didn’t like him or respect him and I quickly claimed I did.
 I was a lanky fifteen year old, probably about 5’8’, 140 pounds.
 He stepped towards me as I obeyed his wish for me to come to him.
 He hit me so fast I didn’t see it coming, and I flew backwards onto the desktop.
 All four legs of the desk broke beneath the impact of my body.
 I lay there stunned on my back.
 As Dino walked towards me I could see the crowd of guests rushing in behind him.
 He straddled me and I gathered my legs towards my chest with my arms crossed in front of my face to protect myself.
 He looked like a killer standing over me, his eyes big, his teeth gritted and his right fist well above his head poised to pound me again.
 I straightened my right leg out as a kick upward directly into his crotch as hard and fast as I could.

 back around to face Dino as he shoved his right fist into my ass. I turned to him, pulled him and him from me and jumped back up onto the coffee table. Dino yanked my legs out and I pushed him back towards me. I hit the back of my head as he
-
And how many others have you raped or tortured?” he asked, trying to keep a calm voice.
 Now Korin looked very surprised and he started looking around.
 Rodregas saw that Korin noticed the study door, though he was working hard to not show it.
 “How many?” Rodregas repeated his question.
 “I am not sure,” Korin said.
 “For us to truly become divine we must of course develop our skills.” As Korin answered the question he took a step back.
 Rodregas quickly stepped forward and pushed him hard against the wall.
 Korin hit with a hard smack and slid to the ground, hurt, but not badly.
 Rodregas slammed the door closed and relocked it.
 Then he quickly reached down and covered Korin’s mouth, pulled him up, and slipped behind him.

 turned and punched him in the face.<eop> Korin shook his head, and as he did he stood up and began walking back into the room. Rodregas watched as he started to walk back to the study. Korin stood back and watched him and smiled. He also smiled and shook his
-
Johnny – That won’t work.
 Liz – How do you know?
 Johnny – I tried it already.
 Jim - Who on?
 Johnny – Who do you think?
 Liz – So that’s why Eugene is so terrible at all of the video games you two play.
 You know that’s not very sporting of you.
 Johnny – I didn’t use voodoo on Gene.
 Well not lately anyways.
 Jim – Mom.

 – I really want to see Gene. Gene. Jim – – Jim – I really want to see Gene. I want to see Gene. And I do Gene. And Jim – Mom Jim – I can see Gene. And I can do Gene. I can. Gene
-
Third, literacy must be complemented by techniracy, education that imparts basic technical information and skills to the population through a variety of teaching methods suited to the educational level of the recipients.
 Detailed recommendations are presented in the next section of this chapter.
 At the other end of the spectrum, comparable efforts must be made to raise scientific literacy, which is essential for the continued growth of technology, productivity and employment in modern society.
 The pervasive influence of science in society requires that we bridge the gap that presently divides the sciences and humanities and evolve an educational system in which science is no longer regarded as a specialized field of study.
 Fourth, radical changes are needed in the content of school curricula at all levels to make education relevant to the real needs of the students and the development of the country.
 The society whose system of education is integrated with the social aspirations of the country will develop most rapidly.
 The system of education prevalent in most developing countries is oriented toward the outer form – acquiring a degree or qualifying certificate – rather than the inner content of knowledge.
 Educated unemployment is a direct result of a system that fosters obedience and rote learning rather than individual initiative and creative thinking.
 A new system of development education needs to be introduced at all levels to equip the student with an understanding of his/her society, its achievements and potentials, and the opportunities open to each individual to participate in its future growth.
 The index of its success will be the extent to which students of this curriculum seek self-employment rather than salaried jobs.

 is also necessary to focus on the curriculum content and pay close attention to the abilities, knowledge, and skills of students of the program, particularly in mathematics, technology, and the areas of science. This approach will also provide a basis for the content of the curriculum to support the growth and development of the
-
Jim – And that’s why it’s so damned funny.
 Besides, you’ll need some knowledge about such things if you ever manage to talk some girl into spending time with you.
 Johnny – Well, so what if I haven’t been out with a woman yet…
 Jim – You scare them Johnny.
 In fact you make most people uncomfortable.
 It’s all the anger.
 If you keep going on the way that you have, you’ll end up dieing alone.
 Eugene – Just like my father.
 My grandmother told me that he was an angry kid.
 Johnny – Yeah, but he managed to get married.

 that I managed to get married. Eugene – Oh my God, I don’t even know how lucky I can be a lucky kid. You know, Eugene.<eop> Jim – It’s how you make the most of it. Or how you get it done. How you make it
-
My knees buckled as I released too much and I had to back off, giving myself just enough to control it.
 As it entered the wound, the tracker gasped and my smile stretched wickedly.
 I wormed my way blindly up his leg, intent on getting the information I needed.
 They’re getting closer.
 They’ve found us a third time now.
 They’ll kill us.
 I wanted to free my mind, free my bonds.
 They won’t take me.
 Something about that last thought didn’t seem right, like it wasn’t mine, but I couldn’t follow it.
 The tracker screamed; it had reached his thigh.

 .....I had to stop it. I could follow it, but it didn’t seem right. That’s exactly what was not right. I had to stop it. That wasn’t what I had to do. I leaned back, glaring at him as I watched it
-
No one!”
 “Why this hatred?” she asked, smacking away a dual thrust.
 “When have I shown you anything but kindness?”
 Harruq gave her no answer.
 Instead, he stabbed with Salvation, a higher thrust of Condemnation trailing behind it.
 Aurelia turned her staff horizontal and pushed upward.
 Both swords stabbed high above her head.
 A quick turn and one end of her staff rammed the half-orc in the gut.
 The blow knocked the wind out of Harruq.
 “For what reason do we fight?” she asked.

 back at her, and the barb stabbed at her. Back at her, she swung her to her swords. A quick turn and she barbed aruq in the shoulder. The tendrils sent to the aura to rise and attack her. Aurelia stepped from the
-
Looking back, it is astonishing how much the world has changed since the idea of establishing the International Commission on Peace and Food was first conceived in 1987. Who had the foresight to imagine the monumental changes which have so radically altered the political, economic and social complexion of the world community – the end of the nuclear arms race and the opposing military alliances of East and West, the rising tide of democracy that dramatically and irreversibly transformed the USSR and the countries of Eastern Europe, the growing importance of the UN in peace keeping and peace making, the peaceful end of apartheid in South Africa, the first tangible steps toward lasting peace between Arabs and Israelis in the Middle East, the completion of global trade negotiations and the founding of the World Trade Organization, and concerted actions to stem the degradation of the environment?
 The mid-1980s was a time when global military spending reached an all-time high of $1.2 trillion.
 Economic growth had slowed or stalled in much of the developing world, prompting some to term the 1980s the 'lost decade' for development.
 While there was little agreement on what steps were needed to reverse the arms race and provide a stable basis for world peace, a consensus was emerging that something must be done to address the urgent problems of hunger, famine and endemic poverty that continued to plague much of the developing world and constituted a gnawing source of instability that refused to be contained by national boundaries.
 The unconscionable loss of lives due to hunger in an age of plenty generated growing concern over the issues of food and famine.
 Starvation forced millions of people, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, to flee their homes in despair.
 It undermined social stability, fuelled violence and in some cases led to war between neighbours and fellow-countrymen.
 The effort to glean more food from desiccated earth further ravaged the environment and aggravated shortages.
 To this was added the galling sight of hunger amidst plenty, when adequate food production was not matched by sufficient job opportunities to provide incomes to all who needed to buy food because they could not grow their own.
 These concerns motivated and were symbolized by the institution of the World Food Prize in 1987.

 body of international experts in order to look at the peace and hunger issue, the first prize that could help lead to a stable world peace climate. It was established by the international community to help look at the problems of food and famine issues of the developing world. Indeed, the urgent problem of hunger and
-
He did not flinch, and he did not lie, when he spoke.
 “She would die.
 I would hate it forever, but she would die.”
 The necromancer nodded.
 “Never forget it.
 Now let me help you dress those wounds.
 Some look deeper than you let on.”
 Harruq remained silent as his brother scanned him, tightening bandages and cleaning some of the nastier cuts.
 His mind lingered on the fight that night, blocks he had missed, moves he made he shouldn’t have, and opportunities presented he had not taken advantage of.
 But mostly he thought of Aurelia, giggling as vines held him and she blasted his back with springs of water.

 thorns, s, scurrils, thorns, more thorns.......... When he got to his feet, she whispered on the side of his head. “.............
-
“Thank you, master.”
 “None are more deserving,” Qurrah said, putting an arm on his brother’s shoulder.
 “There is one, and it is you, Qurrah,” Velixar said.
 He pulled out one item more before closing the chest and shrinking it back to its original size.
 In his hand remained a long black whip that curled about as if alive.
 “Weapons may not be your preference, but I trust you will find some use for this.”
 As both brothers watched, the whip burst into flame.
 Velixar cracked it once to the grass, instantly charring the green earth into ash.
 “Why?” Qurrah asked.
 “Magic is not your greatest weapon, my disciple.

 to use the spells in the pages of the holy book, but..............................................
-
"I'll buy it for you, darling."
 Davis took out his wallet.
 "Thank you, but Father gave me some money."
 "Save it for something else."
 He laid some bills on the counter.
 "I love buying you pretty things."
 Her heart fluttered.
 "Thank you."
 He drove her to a café downtown.
 "My business with your father shouldn't take longer than two or three hours.

 """"""""""""" """" """"""""".""""" ""."""""""""""Do it for her." """
-
Four pieces of bone leapt from his hand.
 They hit the elf’s neck and temple, making a satisfying crack.
 The archer spilled through the window and landed with a clattering thud.
 “The rest are yours, brother,” he whispered.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 Inside felt like a modest rendition of Ahrqur’s home.
 Stairs in the center led to the upper floor.
 Harruq charged up them, making no attempt at silence.
 Either they would hear him through the chaos of battle or they would not.

 ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,. He was looking up to the ceiling to stare at them and they ignored him.!,,,,
-
“Perhaps I can get close enough to cast a spell on one or two.
 They are on flat ground, so I see no way to ambush them.”
 “Then why don’t we just walk over, say hello, and then whack ’em?” Harruq asked.
 “My dear brother,” Qurrah said, “that is a very good question.”
 Brazenly, they approached the campfire.
 They kept their weapons sheathed and hidden.
 The closer they got before the men panicked the better.
 “Halt, who goes there?” one of the guards shouted to them as they neared.
 They wore polished chainmail shining red in the firelight.
 The crest of Neldar adorned their tabards.

 brother, I have a family here in Neldar.”<eop> After inspecting the fire and waving the men off, they approached the end of the campfire. The men raised their hands, stood, and turned. It made the men linger for a long time. They were beginning to
-
He was on the wrestling team, second man in the 165-pound class and challenging the first man, who was part orangutan.
 I outweighed Eric by 20 pounds, but he was stronger and faster.
 No matter in what position we started, at his pleasure and with maddening ease, he flipped me over and pinned me.
 Wondering why, after I had spilled my guts, he appeared to revel in my further humiliation, I flew into a rage, sprang to my knees, and socked him in the stomach.
 I pounced on top of him and socked him again, before he caught hold and flipped me, lashed my arm behind my back and shoved my face into the floor.
 “Listen,” he said, without a hint of condemnation, “you’re not really mad at me.
 You’re mad at yourself, because you think you’re nobody, but you’ve got it all wrong.
 It doesn’t matter if I wrestle better.
 Wrestling’s my sport.
 What if you and I were playing golf or baseball and you clobbered one out of sight, but I hit this little dribbler, then started whining?

 were playing a baseball and you were playing a football and you were playing a basketball, and you hit me, and I fell, and I ended up on the floor, and you just yelled at me, but... oh, oh,, God I don’t even know. I
-
“Let’s see how strong this girl is.”
 He swung the blade.
 Qurrah closed his eyes and hoped no significant enchantments guarded the fence.
 If any did, they fizzled against the magic of the ancient sword.
 Harruq sliced two of the bars cleanly, and a third dented in enough so that a follow up chop cut it like butter.
 Pleased, Harruq took two of the bars into his hands.
 His neck bulged, his arm muscles tensed, and then the iron screeched backward.
 Both winced at the noise.
 They did not move for the next five minutes.
 When both felt comfortable, Harruq shoved the third bar forward, giving them a nice clean entrance.

 the gate, Harruq placed the last one of the bars in the back of his hands. Standing for a minute, then...... Finally, Harruq turned his blade around to see if they could stand... They had to be able to stand for a minute
-
The images rolled through my mind as we continued up the mountain.
 The lifeless body of a small gray bird.
 A garden of weeds with roots as black as soot.
 The faces of council as their speaker struggled to breathe.
 A thistle growing in Evelyn’s throat, slowly choking off her airway.
 Chevelle’s face when he had asked who had showed me to fuse the crystal with blood.
 His expression as he’d looked down at me the night before.
 How could you not know?
 That image haunted me the most.
 It seemed familiar somehow.

 in the air. The middle of the mountain. The utter middle of the mountain. There in the middle of the mountain. The top of the mountain itself. In the open air. In theutter middle of the mountain.<eop> The middle...... of the mountain.<eop>
-
He wanted to know how I did this and was I sure it was Steve, as well as numerous other questions.
 I told him that he had told me he didn’t want to know anything, and I preferred to keep it that way for now.
 I did give Officer White enough information so he was sure I had the right people.
 I just needed to know when and where the narcotics squad wanted to do this deal and what I needed to do next.
 The Officer was excited at the opportunity to get this guy and he arranged me coming to the police station so I could make the call to set up the one hundred Oxy pill deal on a recorded phone line.
 The drug deal itself would happen later and I would need to be evasive and the where and the when as to the actual exchange of money for drugs.
 I was told to call her from my phone and tell her I would call her tomorrow around noon.
 Chapter 18: Game Time I arrived at the station and was escorted to an interrogation room.
 It looked like a carbon copy of the room I was in before but it was further down the hall.
 Officer White connected a recording device to my crack-berry and I was told to place the call and get Ashley to engage in conversation that would be incriminating.

 I was told that I was only told to give Ashley a number and I would talk to her later. I was told to talk to Ashley a neighbor, or to a family member, and I was told to call for a relative, or a friend. I was told to attempt to talk to Ashley
-
Rodregas felt a feeling of relief at the idea that the lions had eaten.
 Still, he double-checked the keep and the courtyard very carefully before bringing out the cart and the horses and loading up all his booty.
 The cart groaned with the load.
 After a last check for Dire Cats in front of the keep he headed out and away from both Raven Keep and Raven Town and away from his old life.
 CHAPTER 4 A FRESH START OR AN OLD PROBLEM
 Raven Keep, unlike many fortifications, was not located on a high spot.
 In fact, it was perched half way down a gentle valley.
 Farther down the valley, only a few minutes’ ride away was Raven Town.
 Even the kindest of folk would admit the town was not much more than an inn, a stable, the homes of the people that supported the local farming community, and of course, Raven Keep.
 Many of the keep employees and their family members lived in Raven Town.

 side of Raven Keep was the site of the fortifications. The other side was a smaller fortification that was housed within a wall-to-wall courtyard. It had three entrances in the middle of the courtyard, the main entrance, and again, one side of the courtyard.
-
It was killing him, boring him silly.
 But, he came home every night with a grin on his face.
 Ate dinner with us, spot on 4:45, like you could set your fucking watch by it, and then, evenings when he played, he’d sheepishly pick up his little case, which usually sat in the back closet next to his shoe tree, and he would toss off a sad smile and go play till God knows what hour.
 And Mom would sit and stew.
 That was her métier.
 Stewing.
 Sad stuff, really.
 Don’t want to think about it.
 CM: 	Your mother disapproved of music?
 Was it a religious thing?

 : She was very fond of music, don’t forget. She was love of music, music, music, music, music, music. She loved music, music, music, music, music. She said, like, 'I don’t really disapproved of music. It’
-
The prevailing opinion among the popular girls off to the left was that I was the biggest slut ever.
 The equally vindictive but more scholastically minded group in front of us was convinced I was just playing with Alec in an attempt to make Brandon jealous.
 It was all so far off that part of me wanted to laugh.
 I couldn't care less if Brandon was jealous, and Alec hadn't even kissed me yet.
 Even so, hearing my name said with such disdain by so many different people took its toll over the course of the class, and before long I was once again fighting the urge to break down and cry.
 Luckily by the end of the class, Mr. Whethers had become so frustrated with the complete lack of attention being paid him by the gossipers, he'd actually started writing them up for detention.
 As class finally ended, James cracked one of the first smiles I'd ever seen grace his face.
 "Wow.
 I never would've thought anyone could push old Whethers so far.
 He just set a school record for the most detentions assigned in a single class."

 -""s, "-"s, "-"", "-""s, """, "-"", "", "-"-"s, "-", "-"", "
-
Hunger and famine are usually associated with a physical shortage of food.
 Yet, even where food supplies are adequate, absence of opportunities for gainful employment to generate the purchasing power needed to buy food can result in hunger.
 Lack of food and employment are the basis for the poverty that still afflicts one-fifth of humankind.
 When it comes to food there can be no justification or excuse – everyone must have enough to eat, and can have enough.
 A world dedicated to upholding the political rights and property rights of nations and individuals cannot fail to recognize and enforce the most fundamental of all human rights – the right to live.
 Contrary to the fears raised in earlier centuries and revived in recent decades, today the world does possess the capacity to feed everyone, even at current levels of food production – subject as it is to disincentives, quotas, restrictions and trade barriers that food surplus countries impose to curtail food production, while other nations remain in perpetual deficit.
 In spite of a doubling of population in the developing countries since 1960, their average food supplies have increased from 1950 calories to 2475 calories per capita per day, or from an average of 90 per cent to 107 per cent of the minimum caloric requirement.
 During the past 12 years alone, per capita food production in developing countries has risen by 15 per cent.
 Overall, the proportion of people in developing countries suffering from hunger and mal nutrition has dropped dramatically both in relative and absolute terms, from 941 million people constituting 36 per cent of the population of these nations in 1970 to 781 million constituting less than 20 per cent of the population in 1990.
 Current projections indicate that the growth rate in world agricultural output will continue to exceed population growth over the next two decades.

 of the growth of agricultural production in the developed world, and the growth in developing countries, the output will continue to exceed the growth rate in terms of world population due to the continuing population growth over the past decade.<eop> It is my belief, contrary to the prevailing wisdom, that the growth of world
-
In the end, Lor knows.
 It’s all good.
 What’s this chick’s name?
 CM: 	Well…
 BG:  	Right, right.
 Forget it.
 Who needs it?
 I don’t read that shit anyway, you know?
 If I wrote what people told me to write I’d still be doing “Open Channel D.”
 CM:  	Great song.

 ,,, CM:,... BG: Right, : Right, right, that’s great song, it’ll be great, let me just sing it, I can’t resist it. CM: BG: Right, right.
-
There was only the pack I’d acquired months ago, nothing in it but that stupid white dress and the pouch… The pouch.
 I hurried from the room, explaining to Ruby I would be getting ready for the trip.
 “I already put your pack in the front room for Chevelle.” “I’ll just check it,” I said.
 “Thanks.” I found the pack with some of Chevelle’s things.
 As I started to open it, I knocked one of his bags over and went to pick it up.
 The flap was loose and a piece of familiar fabric hung out.
 I glanced over my shoulder to be sure Ruby wasn’t watching, and opened the bag to find the fabric-wrapped package she’d handed to Chevelle our first day here.
 The package he’d traded my stone for.
 I pulled the material back to reveal a leather-bound book.
 Afraid Ruby would catch me, I slid the book into my own pack and took it to my room.

 opened the rest of the pack, I turned, and turned to leave.<eop> I entered my room to find it was a small room in the hallway. I went to the front door, which meant my room was upstairs. Once I was safely in my room, I reached out to take my pack
-
Qurrah closed his eyes and hoped no significant enchantments guarded the fence.
 If any did, they fizzled against the magic of the ancient sword.
 Harruq sliced two of the bars cleanly, and a third dented in enough so that a follow up chop cut it like butter.
 Pleased, Harruq took two of the bars into his hands.
 His neck bulged, his arm muscles tensed, and then the iron screeched backward.
 Both winced at the noise.
 They did not move for the next five minutes.
 When both felt comfortable, Harruq shoved the third bar forward, giving them a nice clean entrance.
 The two brothers slipped under, the bigger half-orc having to press his arms together to squeeze through.
 They slunk across the lawn to the front door.

 in a small door in the back, the other brother was still in the yard...<eop> Harruq shoved one of the bars in the front door, and one in a small back door................
-
They’re just gone.” My stomach twisted into a knot.
 We had always been a group of four and now it was just the two of us.
 The ghost girl’s words came back to me.
 The four of you were chosen because of your unbreakable bond, but even that can be broken.
 You are strongest when you are together, but don’t let yourselves be separated.
 Kojas had separated us because he already knew that.
 The girl had warned us for a reason.
 She had known that Kojas was going to try to split us up into groups so that we would be weak.
 I watched Seth pace back and forth, nervously running his fingers through his hair and drumming the hilt of his sword.
 I can also tell you to be careful about Kojas; he's tricky and will use your emotions against you.

 you don’t like Kojas, then you are the trouble, but the others just don’t care and you don’t get the trouble. It’s just right now that it’s important for you to have the courage to stand up. You never want to be the one
-
It must have been dreadful, because he nodded and backed away, his mouth tight.
 “Oh, Frey.” Ruby’s voice was low and soothing.
 I grimaced as I turned to her, not at all wanting what I was about to say.
 “Go ahead.” I closed my eyes as her jaw shifted.
 Chapter Sixteen Lessons
 The dreams I had then were the most dreadful I’d ever had.
 I jolted awake and shuddered for several minutes at the images I could not beat down.
 Ruby was there, waiting for me.
 “Where are the others?” I asked, voice hoarse.
 “They’ve set up a perimeter.” It was all I had to say for the moment.

 , they’re going to set a perimeter.” It was my plan. Hold on, I said. “Look at her, he said softly. I stepped forward, reaching out for her, as I closed my eyes, seeing the lights and the shadows, shattering the vision that had
-
Davis had kissed her after putting the ring on her finger, and then he'd taken her to the same club they'd gone to the previous week.
 They ran into some friends of hers, and she introduced him as her betrothed.
 And he kissed her twice more--once as he helped her into his automobile when they left the club and again when he said goodnight to her.
 Now that they were betrothed, maybe he'd kiss her all the time.
 CHAPTER TWO
 "Lauri says to be there by 7:30 tomorrow night.
 We'll eat about 8:00."
 Rick sighed.
 "Ted .
 .

 .. I want to work with this idea." Rick.... "... Rick,..... I see the idea as the one I want you to be. "<eop> Rick
-
It’s a small quiet town, the kind where everyone knows your name.
 It’s a place where your parents wouldn’t even care if you stayed out late biking with your friends.
 Only because everyone felt so safe, so comfy.
 They don’t know the half of it.
 But I do.
 I know it all and Starlings is not the place where you want to be after dark.
 The only reason why no one knows this is because Jason, Emily, Seth and I have kept it that way.
 I walked along the empty road alone, occasionally waving to passing kids on bikes.
 My backpack was slung over my shoulder, filled with my writing books and sketchpads.
 I kept my eyes on the shadowed road, watching my every step.

 it and I know it scared me the most. I have ever dreamed about Starlings. It was one of the best places, the best, most beautiful. I wanted it where I wanted it. I wanted it where I wanted. I wanted it. I wanted it right where I wanted it.
-
He couldn’t begin to explain the how or the why, but the when made sense.
 He knew what her future was going to be, so maybe he could help change it.
 But he didn’t know if it was a good idea to tell her that right now.
 As soon as she went to bed, he’d get the article out and reread it.
 Rick heard a sniffle.
 He looked in time to see Marie take a swipe at her eyes.
 “Please don’t cry, sweetheart,” he said, taking the knife and mushroom from her and drawing her into his arms.
 “It’s just so confusing and frightening.”  She hid her face against his chest.
 “I don’t know how I got here, I don’t know why it happened, and worst of all, I don’t know how to get back.”  Her body shook with sobs.
 Rick’s heart broke for her.

 her across the chest. “Please, Marie................ I don’t want to do this. I don’t know what to do............... If the world
-
I don't think I'll be able to sleep, but if you'll tell me another story I'll at least try..." Apparently satisfied by my promise, Alec joined me on the bed and pulled me close.
 I was still chilled enough from being outside for the warmth of his arms to feel good.
 "Adjam and Inock found that the dayborn had lost all knowledge of their loving mother, and that they reacted poorly to Inock's plague form.
 Neither brother was able to maintain their original forms for more than a few hours at a time, and although Adjam was able to blend in with the animals found in the area, there was nothing like Inock's feline body nearby, and he was chased and hunted by many of the dayborn, for they thought him a demon."
 Alec's breath caressed the back of my neck even as his quiet, velvety baritone reached inside my head and smoothed away the tensions that'd been keeping me from seeking sleep.
 I knew there'd been a reason for being so scared, but I just couldn't bring myself to care about it now.
 "The brothers watched the dayborn for many turnings, but although they learned many things, they found themselves unable to learn the dayborns' language.
 Even worse, the dayborn hunters were becoming ever more skilled at tracking Inock, and they began to press him sorely."
 I felt as though I was drifting.
 The bed no longer mattered, or even seemed to exist.

 "You know, I don't have the words I don't want to hear.... "... "<eop> "You sayin'." "" "" " "" " " " "..
-
She found hangers in the closet and hung her clothes there.
 But once she was in bed, the dreamlike feeling dissolved.
 She was far, far away from home, in a strange place, and she didn't know if she'd ever get back.
 Tears trickled down her cheeks as she drew her knees up under the covers, her back against the headboard.
 She was too frightened to go to sleep.
 Walking in the garden was no longer safe--was sleeping?
 Would she wake up to-- A knock at the door startled her.
 "Y-yes?"
 "Can I come in?"
 She pulled the covers higher.

 her head to the door of her mother's room. "No, I can't come in." She slammed the door shut. She opened the door down the hall, expecting to find her mother in her big bed, lying down, sleeping, getting up, dreaming. Instead she
-
Jim – I think it’s easier not to piss large men off, then they have no reason to hurt me, and I have no reason to life weights, so I don’t need large muscles.
 Unless you count the appeal to chicks.
 Besides working out would require going out in that hot weather under that big hot shiny bright thing.
 Liz – A little exercise out in the sunshine won’t hurt you.
 Jim – Maybe, maybe not, but it would cut into my video game time.
 In the end that’s all that really matters.
 Eugene – Hello?
 Scary names?
 Causing fear?
 Still there?

 hurt you. Eugene – If you do do that to you, it’s not very good if you do it again. Liz– Yeah... I know, but it’s not good if you do that to you. If you do, it won’t
-
"I guess I did promise to behave myself.
 I don't think I'll be able to sleep, but if you'll tell me another story I'll at least try..." Apparently satisfied by my promise, Alec joined me on the bed and pulled me close.
 I was still chilled enough from being outside for the warmth of his arms to feel good.
 "Adjam and Inock found that the dayborn had lost all knowledge of their loving mother, and that they reacted poorly to Inock's plague form.
 Neither brother was able to maintain their original forms for more than a few hours at a time, and although Adjam was able to blend in with the animals found in the area, there was nothing like Inock's feline body nearby, and he was chased and hunted by many of the dayborn, for they thought him a demon."
 Alec's breath caressed the back of my neck even as his quiet, velvety baritone reached inside my head and smoothed away the tensions that'd been keeping me from seeking sleep.
 I knew there'd been a reason for being so scared, but I just couldn't bring myself to care about it now.
 "The brothers watched the dayborn for many turnings, but although they learned many things, they found themselves unable to learn the dayborns' language.
 Even worse, the dayborn hunters were becoming ever more skilled at tracking Inock, and they began to press him sorely."
 I felt as though I was drifting.

 . I just couldn't. "In fact, I am pretty sure that it was just me. I couldn't sleep. Who was I, if the dayborn... disappeared?"<eop> "You..." "Yes, I was." "
-
Time seemed to slow as one of the other faery guys ran over to Seth and the one he was locked with.
 The faery raised one of the hilts of his sword and brought it down on Seth.
 It collided with his head and Seth dropped his sword.
 He crumpled to ground and didn't move.
 “Seth!” I screamed.
 He didn't move and one of the faery men reached down to grab him but I screeched, “Leave him alone!” and sent an arrow into the guy's neck.
 I heard Jason yell in rage and they started to drop like stones.
 Emily raised her arms and the ground shook under a faery.
 Roots twisted upward and wrapped around one of the five faery men that were left.
 The other four fell dead from my arrows and Jason's knives.

 back down to earth and tried to get back to Emily.<eop>..............................................
-
Is this something humans are supposed to do?
 And should I come?
 Will it poison her?
 I didn’t know man.
 (laughs)  When she did swallow my come, with a big smile on her face, I was amazed, you know?
 I was like zombied.
 I had no idea that boys and girls did such things.
 I immediately went home and wrote her a song.
 CM: 	You remember it?
 BG:  	Ha.

 ,....., It’s, It’s,., It’s., It..., It..., It’s,...It’s, It’s...It’s..., and I said,
-
I was pretty sure Britney was capable of understanding, she just didn't care, which was the one thing virtually guaranteed to make me mad.
 Stupidity was bad enough; laziness would be a hundred times worse.
 Still, by the second time through I'd clarified a couple of points I'd been a little fuzzy on, and was almost ready to believe Britney might actually apply herself to listening.
 I was so caught up in what I was doing, and the ever-so-slowly growing light of interest in Britney's eyes, that the rest of the class had fallen silent for a full twenty seconds before the drop in noise registered for me.
 "I want everyone back to their regular desks and hard at work on their assignments."
 Mrs. Campbell wasn't as pale as she'd been when she'd left, but she still looked unsettled and more than a little unhappy, presumably with both whatever had caused her to leave so quickly, and the fact that she'd come back to a class where almost nobody had been doing anything productive.
 I had a couple of heartbeats to hope she'd realized I'd been trying to help Britney with her homework, and therefore not deserving of any punishment.
 "Britney, Adriana, I'll need to speak with you both after the bell."
 Apparently the whole justice thing was on the fritz right now.
 It would probably start working again just in time to punish me for whatever bad thing I did next.

 in, and Mrs. Campbell, smiling, sitting right next to me, closed the door behind me. "Mr. Cooke, should I have to talk to you?"<eop> Britney went back to her regular desks, I went back to the classroom, and I said, "
-
I understand about your wanting to go home.
 But when you go home, you'll have your family and friends and the excitement of being back, while all I'll have is an empty space where you used to be."
 Her eyes filled with tears.
 "I'm so sorry, Rick.
 It-it probably would have been better for you if I'd never walked into your life."
 "Don't say that!"
 He hugged her.
 "I don't know how I'm going to live without you, but I can't imagine never having loved you.
 And I'm so glad you told me that you love me."
 "I do.

 me," she said softly. """"". """""""". """". """". """""""." "". "It's so nice to know you
-
There's absolutely no justice in the world."
 I so wasn't looking forward to the ride home.
 Past experience had pretty much established that when Britney got like this there was no reasoning with her.
 Trying to explain that she hadn't seen the look from my end, that Isaac most definitely hadn't been attracted to me, would be useless.
 I was pleasantly surprised when Britney's annoyance seemed to have blown over by the time we left the building.
 Before we'd even made it out of the parking lot, Britney was once again chattering about everyone else in the school and what they were or weren't doing lately.
 Considering that I still couldn't put a face with most of the names she was tossing around, the gossip wasn't just uninteresting, it was a near ordeal.
 It wasn't until I looked over at the speedometer that I realized we really had been driving longer than normal rather than the gossip just making it seem to take forever.
 Britney caught me registering the fact she was driving under the speed limit for the first time I could remember, and broke off recounting Amy Stevens' supposed fling with one of the football players just long enough to blush.
 "I figured I should be more careful of how fast I drive.

 I always drive so slow." Well, I didn't really want to say that. I mean, obviously I was irritated with her, but I didn't mean it. Right at the moment I knew I was annoyed. "I need to be careful."<eop><eod> "
-
Defy the king’s orders.
 Stop the bloodshed that his fear and paranoia are about to unleash.”
 “An elf came, killed several nobles, and took the king’s ear.
 Then his cousin is slain bearing a message to this town, his head left at the gate of our city.
 Paranoia it might be, but it is justified.”
 Antonil quieted.
 Dieredon watched him, amazed just how young the man could still look in the moonlight.
 He was a year beyond forty, yet he commanded the entire Neldaren army.
 Publicly, he handled the weight wonderfully, but when prying eyes were gone, his all-too-human fear and doubt showed.
 When the man spoke again, his voice trembled.

 a elf came to threaten this town, he was the first in the whole kingdom.” As the man approached, dieredon approached him, turning his head to face him in the moonlight. Slowly, he began to speak to him.<eop> “He was an idiot, but if he knew
-
He was pouring it from one hand to the other.
 “I can’t run away,” he said, and pointed at a man and a woman who came stalking our way.
 Eric clutched my arm.
 “Go on.
 Get Billy out of here.” So Billy and I ran toward the parking lot, shouting over our shoulders for Eric to follow us.
 He stood kicking dirt and shaking his head.
 At the entrance to the parking lot, we met friends, latecomers to the game.
 We told them it was sold out.
 They provided a getaway car.
 Billy and I discussed and concluded Eric would explain to the teachers about how Kenny’s folks’ divorce was making him crazy.

 will explain.” I said. Billy said, “He will tell me..............” Jr. said, “I told you......... we’re going to get out.” He said, “
-
I understand about your wanting to go home.
 But when you go home, you'll have your family and friends and the excitement of being back, while all I'll have is an empty space where you used to be."
 Her eyes filled with tears.
 "I'm so sorry, Rick.
 It-it probably would have been better for you if I'd never walked into your life."
 "Don't say that!"
 He hugged her.
 "I don't know how I'm going to live without you, but I can't imagine never having loved you.
 And I'm so glad you told me that you love me."
 "I do.

 ?" She nodded.<eop> "Tell me that you love me. Did I say that I love you? " Love"? I mean? " " "" " "" " " " "" ".. "
-
Liz – Whose idea was it?
 Jim – Whose idea was what?
 Art enters, He divides his time between looking at the paintings and looking for Jim.
 Liz – Whose idea was it to do a nude painting?
 Jim – Well, it was both of our ideas, you said that you wanted to do a painting of me, I agreed, but then all of a sudden I was modeling in the nude.
 One of those dream things.
 At least I wasn’t making a nude presentation in front of an entire psychology class again.
 Liz – Jim, you have some strange dreams.
 Jim – Tell me about it, the weirdest one yet is when you, me, Johnny and Gene were exploring this haunted mansion, Scooby Doo style.
 Yeah, that was a weird one.

 – What dream was it? Jim – What was it? What – What was it look like? Jim – What were you thinking? Liz – Well, yeah, Jim – Yeah, it was a weird dream. It was going to be the best part of my
-
Jim – (grinning) You got your ass kicked again didn’t you?
 Eugene – Nobody kicked my ass, it just wasn’t really me.
 Jim – So, who beat you up?
 Was it that group of wannabe gangsters that you were trying to join?
 Or was it a real gang?
 Eugene – Nobody Kicked My Ass!
 I’m just not a gangster at heart, it’s not the right way to go.
 Not enough evil.
 I want a more sophisticated evil.
 Jim – They must of really beat you down, I haven’t seen you change that fast since that time you….

 ....... Eugene – But..................... They didn’t beat you all that hard,............
-
He had no idea what I was thinking.
 It was the furthest thing from his mind.
 “No?” I asked, unable to mask the tremor in my voice.
 “Magic first.” That wasn’t exactly a relief.
 It was obvious he saw my anxiety, but I couldn’t be sure he wasn’t enjoying it.
 He just remained sitting there.
 “What should I do?” A sly grin crossed his face and he rolled his hand out in front of him.
 “You are only limited by your imagination, Freya.” Great, so if I screwed up it was just a problem with my mind.
 I considered that, recalling what Steed had said about feeling it, thinking about what you wanted to happen.
 But what did I want to happen?

 wanted to feel something, and I wanted it to happen.<eop> But how was I going to get it to happen? How was I to feel it? “Yeah, I don’t know how I was going to feel it.”... “I know. So I had to think
-
“That is our last name.”
 Harruq nodded.
 “Aurelia showed me.
 T, u, n, she said.
 And then this sword here has our name…‌kind of.”
 Qurrah stared at the name, thinking.
 “He was an elf,” he said.
 “I guess it is possible he was our father, although I feel it more likely a coincidence.
 Our mother was intelligent, at least for an orc, but was she smart enough to leave us clues within our own names?”
 “Well, he’s dead now, so we’ll never know,” Harruq said, tossing the blade onto the floor.

 .... t, u, n,. T, u,.... “Now we’re just....” Qurrah began. “T, u...... T, u...
-
But he pulled his hands apart and the thing split, each side curving toward me; there were two now, closing in fast.
 I leapt forward just as they collided where I’d been standing and lost my footing while I watched the fireworks behind me.
 Spinning into a tumble to keep from landing flat on my face, I rolled to my feet, still thrilling from the fire play.
 From magic.
 I let out a breathless laugh and Chevelle joined in, though in all fairness, he might have merely been amused by my fall.
 We spent the next several hours there in the meadow, sculpting my craft.
 The exercises grew increasingly more difficult, but it seemed Chevelle was only toying with me.
 He must have had experience with fire magic; the flames he produced behaved like an obedient dog.
 Mine, on the other hand, were about as compliant as a wet cat.
 Exhausted by the day’s work, I began to sway a bit.

 isn’t going to do, I thought. I saw the flames behind me, and I said to my father, and to my brother, and to him, "It’s my magic, man. It’s just part of it, it’s a little bit of it.
-
When he was out of earshot, Aurelia walked over to Harruq and jabbed him in the side with a finger.
 “Now why did you take so long to let me meet him?” she asked.
 “I, but, he, but…”
 “No buts.
 He was a perfect gentleman.”
 The half-orc threw his arms up in surrender.
 He sat down beside her and did his best to focus on the letters.
 Aurelia seemed impressed enough with his progress, and they soon began working on simple words further into the book.
 “Why does your brother speak so strangely,” she asked once they were done, trying to broach the subject casually.
 She sat stretched out on the grass, her legs crossed and her weight leaning back on her arms.

 began to approach her and turned her head and looked at the small pages in the back of the book, reading the words in the middle of the pages and the smaller parts of the letters. As she did this, she opened the back of the book again, and read some of the letters in the
-
Shit, man, it’s love.
 You know, LOVE?
 I wrote that song because Lorelei changed my life.
 It’s like “Julia”, you know, the Lennon song?
 Julia as all-women.
 That’s Lor.
 She’s the feminine principle, the earth-mother, female rain, Moon Goddess.
 It’s in the song.
 Between the lines, it’s all there.
 And dig that 12-string playing, man.

 it to the lyrics, the vocals... the strings... the guitar...... the bass... the drums... oh God, it’s all there. Then there’s the lyrics... and then the
-
or "What if you die?"
 She’s a girl, the doctor said, and I reasoned a girl might be quieter, a little more gentle than a boy.
 Knowing her sex made her more real.
 For the first time, I started getting pictures.
 I saw her as thin, pale skinned and strong like her mom, with reddish hair of a peculiar henna-like tint.
 Her eyes were bright and inquisitive, her mouth ever-ready to speak.
 "Oh Lord," I gasped because my heart was melting.
 A friend once asked me, "Do you think we can grow as much emotionally without having a child as we can with one?"
 All I could say was that my kids taught me how to love and, at twenty-six and twenty-three, they’re still teaching me.
 And with Zoë on her way, I found myself noticing people on sidewalks or in restaurants, imagining their lives and sending them good wishes, sometimes prayers.

 she was happy..................she was beautiful, smart and funny.......she had the chance to experience a new emotion, to see someone learn to smile and to laugh, to talk and to be
-
I thought you were talking on the telephone.” “I was.
 But it wasn’t anything important.” “You didn’t turn down another racquetball game because of me, did you?”  His refusing the game had both thrilled her and made her feel guilty.
 “No—no racquetball game.”  When she quirked an eyebrow at him, he admitted, “A brunch.” Her eyes widened.
 “Are you seeing a young lady?
 Rick, I—“ “No, no.”  He sat down beside her.
 “She’s just a friend.
 We’ve gone out a few times.” “Still, I don’t want to disrupt your life.
 You should accept her invitation.” “I don’t want to.
 I’d rather be with you.” She smiled and leaned over to kiss his cheek, but she could no longer concentrate on her book.
 How could it be that a man she’d known only a week wanted to be with her all the time when she’d gone four or five days at a time without seeing the man to whom she was betrothed?

 — Rick, you are on the computer, you on the phone, oh no, no — I want to go to a brunch. Do I want to be with you again?” No, yes, No, yes, yes, yes... oh no.”<eop> “
-
While terrorism is frequently attributed to religion and ideology, it sprouts and thrives most readily among populations that lack opportunities for gainful employment and economic development.
 Social unrest is an expression of the upward aspiration of those who have been left out of the political and development process or who feel threatened by the rapid pace and stress of social change and inequity.
 Those who lack the opportunity or the ability to labour intensely for their own upliftment express their productive energies through the intensity of violence.
 The international community cannot afford to be silent spectators of the growing violence.
 Peace, democracy and development are inseparable and interdependent.
 Liberal democracy and economic opportunity for all are essential ingredients for winning the war against terrorism.
 Accepting the spiritual principle which tells us that there is an element of truth even in the most outrageous or misinformed viewpoint, we must not only vehemently condemn but also sincerely recognize the unaddressed issues that underpin the urge for violence.
 In this sense, terrorists crudely expose the mental insincerity prevalent in international politics.
 Those who wield national power must come to realize that force of compulsion will not bring about a permanent reconciliation and amelioration of relationships in human affairs.
 Superior power must bring with it a superior sense of fairness and a commitment to constructive dialogue and action to attack the root causes of terrorism.

 is the path to peace in the Middle East, to the prosperity of the Middle East, the peaceful development of the Middle East, the stability of peace, and ultimately the path to a lasting peace, while terrorism threatens the only road to a peaceful future. The international community is committed to promoting peace,
-
Art – I’ve been and love, and played a lot of video games.
 I’d give up video games before I gave up being in love.
 It’s a great feeling.
 Jim –Wonder if I’ll ever recognize love.
 Art – Well boy, I’ll describe it to you.
 It feels like, well, hmmmm.
 Well it just feels good, that’s all.
 It feels good.
 Jim – Gee, that’s helpful.
 I think you’re making this up as you go along.

 – It feels like, well, I think it’s going to feel like,... like, well I don’t know if I recognize love. Art – I uh... I uh uh uh, that’s just not coming to me
-
(Liz exits)
 Jim – What was that all about?
 Johnny – You tell me, you’re dating her.
 Jim – I didn’t get a blip on my radar.
 Johnny – What’s that sposed to mean?
 Jim – Nothing.
 Johnny – No, really what did that mean.
 Jim – It means that I didn’t see that coming and I don’t know why it happened.
 If you want to know more ask dad about women.
 Johnny – Ask dad about women?

 – I’m not Johnny – Are you dating her? Jim – Jim – About women? Johnny – But you’re dating her, are you? Jim – Nope, I’m not. I’m not married. I’m dating her. I’
-
But I was afraid that telling you would make it harder to leave.
 And I was right."
 Her tears spilled over.
 "Then stay here with me.
 Marry me."
 He took her hand, sliding the ring onto her third finger.
 She shook her head, gazing at the ring as tears ran down her cheeks.
 "Just over five weeks ago, I had a fight with Davis.
 I was confused and didn't have a chance to talk to my mother about it.
 I needed to and was going to, after I'd walked through the garden and thought about it and it was time for her to be awake .

 "He said, coming up to her. In the house, in the house garden and the house garden, in and around the the garden, in the house garden, in the house and the garden...........<eop> "I
-
No, I was getting better, not worse.
 I felt a light pressure on my forehead and my eyes flew open instinctively, though I’d had no response from them all the hours I’d struggled to force them open.
 It was Ruby.
 She sighed with relief.
 “Oh, Frey.” I was suddenly surrounded and the sight made my head spin.
 I closed my eyes tight in an attempt to stop it.
 “Get her a drink,” someone commanded.
 I felt the hand in mine then, as it was pulled away, replaced with a glass.
 I grimaced; I doubted I could hold a glass up, let alone myself.
 “Don’t worry, it’s only water,” someone reassured me.

 ......................................................<eop><eod> I didn’t
-
Clumsiness, lack of skill, never quite fitting in.
 What took me by surprise was the betrayal I felt.
 All the years I’d lived in the village, I’d never counted on anyone the way I had done with this group, Chevelle especially.
 The feeling in my chest was so thick and heavy it burned.
 Struggling with my reactions kept me distracted from the ride.
 It was steep now, rocky, a haze hanging in the few spiky trees.
 When we stopped for the evening, the men quietly set up a perimeter.
 Except for Chevelle.
 He was watching me as I glared back at him.
 Why had I expected more from him?

 , and I didn’t understand. Maybe, I could hope, maybe at the end of the ride I would finally open up to him, but it wasn’t the last time it would be for me.<eop><eod> It made me angry. It got to me. But I’ve always
-
It needed to be our immediate family’s dirty little secret.
 Thomas and I had fallen out because of his continued preference for drugs and that lifestyle and an inclination toward our biological father’s proclivity for untruths and big scams.
 The last thing I wanted was for Thomas to be a part of this.
 Oh, how he would rub my face in this shit.
 You would think with all my experience around drugs that I would have known what to do.
 That is exactly what I thought!
 Brandon was sickly and skinny.
 My wife lay with him for hours rubbing his back and keeping fluids in him.
 He went from cold to hot and back again.
 In a couple of weeks he was looking much healthier and we sent him out into the world again.

 for a day.............. for a week........................................
-
“Celestia, grant me mercy.
 I cannot go further.”
 He stumbled to the ground.
 His face and armor were camouflaged with greens and browns, but just grass would make it difficult to go unnoticed.
 Still, he had no choice but to try.
 He tucked his bow beneath him and then smashed his face into the dirt while sprinkling grass atop his head.
 He shifted his legs back and forth until as much grass sprang up around them as possible.
 He covered the rest of his body in his cloak.
 A few words of magic shifted its colors, better emulating the nearby terrain.
 He tucked his arms underneath him, closed his eyes, and waited for his fate.

 was done.<eop> He turned to himself, stunned, and he withdrew his bow. He leaned back on his arms and legs while he rested his head on his back on the dirt floor. He rubbed the surface of the grass over his head and began to lift the ground from beneath him. It was
-
Even so, it's not nearly as bad as other packs, other places.
 Alec's established clear dominance to everyone else here, but he still probably couldn't make his gentler rules stick if it weren't for the fact that Isaac backs him almost without question."
 The object of our discussion was currently backing away from James while trying to keep Jessica from circling around behind him.
 I finally realized what I'd always thought of as grace was really an economy of motion.
 It was like he was saving every possible bit of energy because he never knew when he'd find it necessary to burn up his reserves in a blaze of violence.
 Even as I watched, he spun around, plucking Jessica out of the air, grabbing her by the head mid-leap as she sought to find purchase on this throat.
 He tried to spin back around to meet James' rush, but the smaller hybrid knocked him down with a crash.
 Isaac and Jasmin were there in a blink, tearing the other two wolves off of Alec before the conflict could turn deadly.
 I couldn't breathe until the dust settled, and Alec rolled back up to his feet, dripping blood from a large gash in his side.
 Dominic heard my sudden gasp and reached over to reassure me.

 , Jessica, and the rest of us, the pack, were in awe of this one. We made it out fairly quickly, and I wouldn't be able to go back. I was at the moment to take a look at the wolves, but I was so sure that the wolves were
-
"It's okay that you don't believe me yet, I'm equal to the challenge of convincing you."
 He smiled at my shrug, but now that we weren't arguing about the inevitable fact he was eventually going to leave me, my mind was free to start working again.
 "Don't do what?"
 For the first time ever, I'd managed to catch him by surprise.
 It took him several seconds to figure out what I was talking about.
 "Your hands, you tend to talk with them when you're excited or angry, and it's very distracting.
 I mean for us.
 All of the motion results in a hundred tiny signals flooding my brain as my instincts try to decide whether you're prey to be chased, or a bigger predator that I need to flee from."
 I felt my eyes go wide as I realized what he was saying.
 It made me think of the stray kitten we'd taken in for a few months when I was five.

 me a little bit, and then I said, "No way." I said, "You do," and he turned to turn his head to face me. I said, "But you don't?" "No, but you don't?""
-
Finally, growth which is not accompanied by the improve ment of the social fabric of society will be only a hollow shell.
 For economic and social development to take place, it is important to promote the expansion of employment opportunities, the improvement of educational and health networks, support for the role of women in development and the pursuit of equality between the sexes.
 A hitherto ignored dimension of the development challenge is democratization: what I have chosen to call political development.
 There have been cases where development was accompanied by an authoritarian political system.
 But we have invariably seen that if the participation in the market place is not accompanied by political participation, development efforts are brought to naught by social and political instability.
 Political, economic and social development must be closely related, mutually supportive, deriving sustenance from one another.
 Once again, therefore, we see the inescapable relations governing the goals of peace, development and democratization these are the goals of the United Nations.
 The United Nations has, over the years, devoted great time and attention to the issues before the Commission on Peace and Food.
 In the research, analysis, debate, consensus-building and actual operational activities of the United Nations System, the issues of peace, develop ment and democratization have been at the forefront.
 The Members of the International Commission on Peace and Food have interacted closely with the United Nations Funds, Programmes and Specialized Agencies.

 Commission of the United Nations Commission on Trade, Peace and Development, with other members, have actively participated in the development of the trade and industry, of the development of agriculture, the protection and promotion of development, and democratization. They work with the Commission on the issues of peace and development and
-
No drawers remained open or scattered, no blood stained the floor, and only the sword that used to hang above the fireplace was blatantly missing.
 “Come brother, the night is waning fast,” Qurrah said.
 Harruq shifted the body to a more comfortable position.
 “Lead the way.”
 The two slipped out the front door and into the night.
 Upon arriving home, Harruq tossed the body into the far room, stripped off his gorgeous black armor, and plopped down onto the bed.
 “Night, Qurrah,” he said.
 “Sorry, but that elfie wore me out, and I never thought cleaning a place could be so tiring.
 I need to rest.”
 “Good night, then,” Qurrah replied, crawling onto his side of the uncomfortable bed.

 was going to get up, but he needed to sleep. His thought of the world was this.................I need to sleep too.<eop> All of the drawers of the chest were still on the floor, and the body
-
Not much has been made of that connection, but John, early on, taught me the logistics of writing for money, of getting my stuff with one of the music publishers.
 A lot of artists did this, you know, kind of like what Dylan was doing with The Basement Tapes, except that took on a whole life of its own, because it was Bob.
 So, I did some demos, at Ardent with Jim’s help, and others, I just wrote, you know, just committed them to paper and John helped me get them disseminated.
 It worked well then to do that.
 I don’t know if it still does.
 Probably, though I don’t do that anymore.
 I’m writing, obviously, for myself more these days.
 So, money was coming in, we were playing regionally.
 We opened for The Airplane at the Coliseum.
 For Canned Heat in Little Rock.

 there for a long time, but then it was a show, a show. It was the first time in Houston that, for myself I was playing, opening at a show. We had two days in Houston in the 1970s, where we got together to play on that stage. I was playing
-
Qurrah made it simple, Aurry.
 Either I love you or I kill you.”
 Sparks rained down as he clanged his swords together.
 “Is that how you feel?” she asked.
 The tears in her eyes ran down her cheeks, not to be replaced by any more.
 “So be it.” She took up her staff and held it defensively.
 “You are a fool, Harruq.
 May you die as one.”
 Harruq charged, his black blades gleaming.
 Every nagging doubt, every tiny part screaming for him to sheath his blades, he channeled into his mindless rage.

 love you and I don't kill you.” he said. Aurry still held her staff tightly. “I do love you,................................
-
I had a moment to realize I was still going to die all alone, and then the blackness came for me.
 Chapter 21 I woke up expecting to see pale blue eyes burning a hole through me.
 Haunting eyes set above terrible fangs.
 Instead I found myself lying atop a gigantic bed in a room I didn't recognize.
 The sheer shock at still being alive prevented my mind from working very well.
 It took several minutes before all of the other relatively inconsequential details started filtering in.
 My hands were bandaged, as was my elbow and right calf.
 My dirty, ripped jeans and shirt had been replaced with clean clothes that were only a little too small.
 That last fact should have alarmed me more than it did.
 Somehow being stripped down by a stranger paled in comparison to a near-death hallucination involving wolves and a monster straight out of a science fiction movie.

 't going to be okay. I wasn't going to die with my friends. I wouldn't be going to wake up all night in exactly the same state that I had been in the rest of the night death had descended upon me. Somehow I had managed to wake myself up in the
-
Shall we eat?
 (Eugene and Johnny enter)
 Johnny – Did I hear the magic words?
 Eugene – Mmmmm, dinner.
 Jim – Told you he wouldn’t be gone long.
 Liz – Where have you two been?
 Johnny – I was taking care of something.
 Nothing important, just something I needed to see.
 Eugene – I accidentally locked myself in the bathroom.
 Again.

 – I told him to go out of the bathroom. Liz – It was so big, so I put it on the side of the bathroom Jim – I locked myself, then I turned the key to the bathroom door, and I was off.<eop> Eugene – Oh ” Oh
-
(goes back to reading his comic book)
 Scene 2
 Later that day.
 An art gallery.
 Several pedestals with ‘art’, one being a cardboard box supposedly filled with ceramic pieces.
 And several paintings are on display.
 The art work all has spotlights on it, in addition to the regular lighting.
 Several people are looking at the creations and acting like they are holding conversations as they move about and look at the exhibit.
 Liz and her mom are speaking apart from the crowd.
 Jim is in the background studying a painting, wearing a trench coat with the hood up some dark sunglasses and a set of Groucho Marx glasses, facing away from Liz and her mother.

 , Jim is flicking his eyes up to the painting, and he is leaning back in his chair...................... a painting................
-
For weeks she waited, listened, and prayed God would at last reply that he had only been using the method through which he tested Abraham’s willingness to obey at any cost.
 Once she declared herself ready to forsake her family, he would release her from the need to do so.
 But he didn’t release her.
 She gathered together her husband and kids, all of whom she adored and treasured.
 The kids were age 9, 12, and 15.
 She told them she needed to leave.
 At first they didn’t believe her.
 Then they cried.
 By now, she had been gone three years.
 Over that time, she attended several churches and felt compelled to tell her story, since God wants his people to share our burdens with one another.

 look up to the world and share their burdens, to listen to the world for the people they are and the world around them, to share the burdens of...........................
-
You just act and react and pray for the best all within a moment.
 And the car never regains control.
 That’s parenting.
 Chapter 13: Fatherhood 101 I had always promised myself I would do everything to be the father I never had.
 Sometimes you learn what to do from your experiences, and sometimes you learn what not to do.
 I had learned a lot of what not to do.
 My experience with my stepfather Dino was a nightmare itself, and then Richard wound up being real trouble.
 My mother had tried to warn me, but I wanted and needed to know for myself.
 My mom’s warnings could not deter me as I was a teenager and we all know teenagers are smarter than everyone else.
 I have a theory about teenagers; basically they could be walking off a cliff towards a canyon and you could yell and scream warnings all you want but your time would be better spent packing them a lunch so they could eat it on the way down.

 is, you pack a lunch with what you want to eat and pack something that you don’t want it on the way down and they eat it. If you make the lunch on the way down, they will sit and eat and relax and it would just be the perfect meal.<eop><eod> Chapter
-
“Your spells won’t save you,” he shouted.
 “No elf will save you.
 No one!”
 “Why this hatred?” she asked, smacking away a dual thrust.
 “When have I shown you anything but kindness?”
 Harruq gave her no answer.
 Instead, he stabbed with Salvation, a higher thrust of Condemnation trailing behind it.
 Aurelia turned her staff horizontal and pushed upward.
 Both swords stabbed high above her head.
 A quick turn and one end of her staff rammed the half-orc in the gut.

 onto his back, rolled forward, and slammed into the wall of the cavern. The dwarf scraped his back against the wall and most of his sword was gone.<eop> Immediately, the Harruq raised his staff to the top of the half-orc, most of his sword buried in his
-
"I thought you said you'd be able to smell them if they were here."
 "If they were outside, yes.
 Under normal circumstances we'd be able to determine whether or not they'd been here in the last few days, but the rainstorm last night was strong enough to wash away all of that."
 Alec waited patiently as I tried to get a grip on myself.
 As soon as I nodded he disappeared through the door.
 A few seconds later he was back.
 "It's safe; there's no trace of them."
 He held the door open for me, and then slipped outside.
 "You need to erase any evidence that you weren't here all night.
 Take a shower, change into some of your own clothes, and then go to sleep.

 m fine, I don't have to...." Alec hesitated. "I can't." I shook my head. "It's okay, Connor, that's my problem." "It's my problem. I don't have
-
When I looked up again Brandon was looking back at me with a smile that communicated all kinds of things I'd always thought you needed words for.
 His expression seemed to say he was glad to see me, embarrassed to be the center of attention, and sorry he couldn't get away from his friends to come over and say hi.
 I felt my face go hot with embarrassment.
 I tried to step behind a pillar before he saw me go bright red, but knew I hadn't succeeded.
 I bit my lip as I realized how spastic I was being.
 I'd spent the last sixteen-plus years suppressing my natural tendency to form crushes on one cute boy after another.
 I'd nearly perfected the art of exhibiting zero interest in the opposite sex.
 The whole point of my existence had been avoiding the kinds of things that'd result in everyone laughing at me.
 Why was I setting my sights on a boy who was so far out of my league?
 Even if there'd been a chance he might like me, I had absolutely no idea how to proceed.

 I set eyes on a nearby pillar and saw the face of a boy who didn't want me to him, who was also, I had discovered, didn't like me. He was the way he was, and I had a bad opinion of him, and as much as I wanted to
-
Rodregas was free.
 He was being hunted; but hunted because he had finally dealt out justice.
 He had killed two monsters, two who wore faces not their own, and who he could feel no remorse for killing.
 Rodregas had finally escaped to his quiet place in the mountains to rest and, best of all, with two companions who seemed to be good people.
 Clearly, Doi’van had a dark side and he knew little of either of his companions.
 But it had been a long time since he had wanted to know more about anyone that he met.
 Rodregas had a new strong and powerful body, and he owed a great debt of guilt for that.
 He had even been able to free prisoners and give them a second chance at life.
 How many times had he dreamed of that while the prisoners had pleaded with him?
 He had turned a stone face to the prisoners; he had refused to learn their names, and had just survived by doing his duty.

 was not. Rodregas had found the mountain cave and freed the prisoners, most of them, and he had had to deal with the prisoners who tried to try to kill them. He had killed one, the first, the worst, and he had rescued the others. He had finally killed the
-
"Sorry, sorry--I couldn't resist."
 He smiled over at Sharon, who'd been talking to Lauri.
 "Thanks for coming.
 It's been a great evening."
 "I really enjoyed it too.
 Thanks for having me."
 She smiled up at Rick.
 "And it was nice meeting you."
 "You too.
 Let me walk you to your car."

 ...".." " "" " " " " "" "" " " " "" " "" " "" "" " " " "" "
-
“How come?” Harruq asked.
 Qurrah narrowed his eyes and stared at the meat in his hands.
 “I have something I wish to try.”
 The bigger half-orc stepped back, willing to watch his brother work.
 While Harruq was skilled in swords and had all the muscle, Qurrah possessed far more interesting talents.
 Qurrah mumbled words, sick and spidery.
 The bones in the slab of meat snapped erect as if pulled by invisible strings.
 He kept whispering, his eyes wide.
 The meat floated from his hands and then lowered into the fire.
 Qurrah twirled his finger, and the slab turned as if on a spit.

 , in a second, the top of the slab of meat lay in the middle of the fire.<eop> The thin line of earth splits up, and the slab of meat radiated from the cold surface of the earth and into the middle of the hot fire. The slab of meat rose to the
-
Most of the rest of the matches were with squires with no ribbons.
 But as the afternoon wrapped up his final match was against Karun who had two second place white ribbons on her arm.
 Rodregas was pretty sure this match would decide who got the yellow first place ribbon and who would get the white.
 If Rodregas won it would give him ten total points after three competitions.
 It would give Karun twelve points if she once more came in second.
 If he lost, it would be much harder.
 Karun would have thirteen and he would have nine points.
 He was not sure how Geriodon or Nordien or the other leading contestants were doing.
 At the bell the two started to circle.
 Karun was a large woman.

 to put her hands down over her face to close her eyes. She was tall and a large woman. As they started to walk over to the other woman she was also a large woman. She was holding her hands up her hands coming down her arms and she was putting her hands down her stomach.
-
My mom would have a hard time functioning without me, so I try to do the best I can at taking care of her."
 Rachel's smile lit the room up.
 "That's it exactly.
 Anyways, I mostly just wanted to stop by and see if us girls can take you shopping tomorrow."
 The non sequitur really threw me for a loop.
 "I left my money at home.
 I'm not much of a shopper anyways."
 That last part sounded pretty weak even to me.
 "Don't be silly.
 Alec hustled you out of your house so quickly you didn't get to bring anything but the clothes on your back.

 looked over at me and ignored her. "So are you okay?" I asked. "What are you going to?"<eop> "What "?" I turned back to talk to Rachel as she continued to lead the room. "I'll look forward to that
-
Brandon looked at me for several seconds, and then chuckled.
 "You're right, compared to other places we do tend towards oddness.
 It's the small town effect, I think."
 Something about his voice was a little different than normal.
 "You've lived somewhere else, somewhere bigger?"
 The wistfulness was gone; the smile was back full force.
 "Not really.
 I've visited a few larger cities, but never for long enough to get the full feel for what it must be like to live in a Minneapolis or a New York.
 Someday maybe though."
 This time I was going to pry, but he preempted my question.

 Oh, yeah."<eop> He chuckled. "That hasn't changed, or anything, really. I went to a few of the concerts the other day, and the crowd was big, everyone was getting excited, and I just...........
-
LE:  	And your father.
 BG:  	True.
 I have many fathers.
 Including my real father, who has left the earthly plane, as they say.
 Yet, he’s with me every day.
 Every day.
 CM:  	And your mother, she’s still alive?
 BG:  	Still living in Memphis.
 Well, Bartlett.
 CM:  	Do you talk to her often?

 :?<eop> CM: I used to talk to her regularly. LE: Well, Bartlett.<eop> "Well,........ She’s with you" LE: And do you talk to her every and everyday? :?
-
And even though a lot was tolerated back then—I mean, Jesus, everyone had to have their 15 minute drum solo—every fucking concert, every fucking group—the crowd didn’t warm to Gentle Giant—which was (is) a really tight combo, playing some farout stuff.
 I think later, they returned to Memphis and played the Coliseum in front of Tull,  and went down a lot better.
 Anyway, we started hearing this, you blew them off the stage and shit like that.
 But, you know, all that competitive stuff, that’s just for the media.
 The groups don’t do that shit.
 You know, you don’t go out on stage and say, I’m gonna make their guitarist look silly.
 There’s a lot more fellow-feeling among musicians.
 So, Christ, what was my point?
 We were playing these gigs, getting bigger, getting a rep.
 This was the end of the sixties.

 was in Memphis. So, I mean, I was at the end of the sixties in Memphis, in fact, Memphis, it’s true.<eop><eod> So now, I was in the city, just hanging out on the street. So, of course, this was when I was in
-
BG:  	Castor and Pollux, sure, I called ‘em up.
 I said, I’m back from the dead, man.
 CM: 	What was their reaction?
 BG:  	Oh, they were cool, you know.
 Skippy, God love him.
 What I didn’t know was that Crafty was already scheming against me, working on getting the rights to the Black Lung stuff reverted entirely to him, since I was non campo mentis.
 That’s what his lawyer said.
 CM:  	But, for the record here, how did you decide to go to L.A.?
 BG:  	One day, it was, oh about a month after the hospital.
 I’d been at home just sitting there, you know, letting my mind rot.

 to the hospital in New York, and, you know, I thought I was, like, I was, like,... And, when I went to the hospital, I went out and looked, like, to see what I was... And it was...
-
I mean it made a splash, but briefly.
 And we were asked to play everywhere.
 Suddenly, like we woke up with extra cachet.
 We did the John’s Shell, I don’t know how many times.
 Used to be we’d open for everybody, Mudboy, Expanding Head Band—whatever happened to those guys?
 Who were those guys?
 (laughs)  Uh, Edgar Winter, we opened for once.
 James Gang.
 Pacific Gas and Electric, Tony Joe White.
 Then, after Turntable Poison, we were headliners.

 , then, then. Then, the Beach Boys, then, the St. Michaels Girls, then, then, Warner, then, Warner, then, Warner Brothers, Then, MCA, Then, Warner, then, Warner Bros., Beach Boys, Then, Bros., Then,
-
I finally got one of my hands wrapped around one of his fingers, but it wasn’t enough to free myself.
 I believed it was going to be over soon and I was going to die.
 I could see him clearly now that my eyes had adjusted to the darkness, and he looked like a madman just inches from my face as he continued to push me up against the door.
 He didn’t mutter a word from his gritted teeth.
 I don’t even know if my feet were on the ground.
 I must have passed out because I don’t remember what happened next.
 I awoke in the entryway and he was gone.
 I rolled to my knees and I could hear the crackle of the puka shells beneath the weight of my body.
 I felt the shells of my coveted necklace sticking to my palms as I tried to steady myself on all fours.
 With my focus and clarity returning, I quietly gathered up all the shells I could, put them in my pockets and went to my room.

 in the entryway, and I was asleep when my head turned to the side and I closed the door with my eyes. He was in my room.<eop> When I finally got out of bed, I turned my head to my side, and I could see that I was in the middle of the
-
Thanks for everything.
 Dad, not everyone gets to be best friends with their parents.
 Thanks for all of the feedback and the ongoing support.
 Mimi, thanks for sticking with me long enough to get addicted and to fix some of my biology facts along the way.
 As always, Katie deserves special thanks.
 Without her, Alec and Adri's story never would have seen the light of day.
 Thanks need to be expressed to Obsidian Dawn, www.obsidiandawn.com, for brushes used in the creation of Broken's cover.
 Finally, a big thanks to the bloggers who've kindly reviewed Broken and Torn, done interviews and otherwise gone over and above by sharing their platform.
 About the Author: Dean Murray is a prolific author with more than 25 titles across multiple pen names and more than 350,000 copies of his work currently in circulation.
 Dean started reading seriously in the second grade due to a competition and has spent most of the subsequent three decades lost in other people's worlds.

 , I think it has to for me to be good..... In fact, I have to go with the assumption that a good book is about the story. I talk about the stories of books - from the creators, themselves, to people, from around the world, to
-
"Adri, who's that?"
 It was obviously one of those leading questions designed to see whether or not I'd try to lie.
 I shrugged.
 "His name is Brandon; he picks me up sometimes in the morning."
 I was saved from dealing with her response by Brandon's knock.
 "Hello, Adriana, Mrs.
 Paige."
 I never thought I'd see the like.
 Mom's face lost its stern 'I'm doing this for your own good' look, and instead transformed into something not very different from what I saw every time I watched the girls my age look at Brandon.
 "Well, hello.

 . Paige?" "Oh, yes," I said. "..."""....."""....""...."..."Alexa, Adriana...""...."
-
I am told to park against something, a wall or a spot in front of a store but not to park in the middle of the lot leaving all sides open.
 I notice the surveillance van coming up one of the isles as I pull onto the same path the Dodge Charger took which leads directly to the Starbucks.
 The van pulls in behind me at a comfortable distance.
 I am headed towards the other end of the parking lot where I know the apartment complex is hiding the marked police cars.
 I move slowly towards the coffee shop and my heart is beating out of my chest.
 So many thoughts are running through my head and I can’t seem to clear them.
 After the millions of thoughts and moments that have haunted me during this evening I begin to focus on my current life, not my past.
 I think of my wife who has been left in silence for nearly four hours.
 I think of my sons, Brandon completely fucked up from his drug addiction and Bryce away at college completely unaware of what is happening and what risk his dad is about to take.
 It occurs to me that Bryce and my wife may never forgive Brandon if something were to happen to me.

 the house I head to the front of the Starbucks. I know what is going to happen. I look at the signs in the parking lot and a bit to the left, my husband and sons are gone. It is getting late and I am going to have to get home. To get back to
-
The accident that forced Adri and her mother to move to a new high school also cost Adri her dad and sister.
 Adri just wants to blend in and buy herself time to grieve, but two of the most popular, gorgeous guys in school are about to take an inexplicable interest in her.
 Adri will be forced into a world where the players aren't all human.
 She will be forced to choose between Brandon and Alec, and this time the wrong choice could get her killed.
 Broken by Dean Murray
 Copyright 2011 by Dean Murray
 Also by Dean Murray: The Reflections Series Broken (free) Torn (free if you sign up for Dean's Mailing List) Splintered Intrusion Trapped Forsaken Riven Driven Lost Marked The Greater Darkness (Writing as Eldon Murphy) A Darkness Mirrored (Writing as Eldon Murphy)
 The Dark Reflections Series Bound Hunted Ambushed Shattered
 The Guadel Chronicles Frozen Prospects (free) Thawed Fortunes (free if you sign up for Dean's Mailing List) Brittle Bonds Shattered Ties
 If you love Broken, you can get a free copy of the next book, Torn, by signing up for the author's mailing list.

 Murray's work Broken : Torn: One of the Dark Reflections Series Broken (free) Exonions (Editing as Eldon Murphy) Torn by Torn One of the most popular books in the Dark Reflections, and the next book of the series
-
Rodregas decided to pull his short swords from the harness on his side and, at the same time, rush in on the big guy.
 The large attacker was big and powerful, but his rake had shattered and Rodregas had his short swords on his harness.
 His attacker appeared to not have a back up weapon.
 Then a voice rang out, “Stop, STOP, it is not him!
 It is not the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.” It was a woman’s voice.
 Then a much deeper voice, one that seemed half growl, responded, “She is right.
 This is no sorcerer we fight.” The voice was from his present combatant, the only one who had proven to be dangerous to him.
 “She is right,” Rodregas said, “I am not Ravenhurr.” “We don’t know that,” challenged another voice from the dark.
 As he stepped forward he recognized the shape of the large aggressive man that Rodregas had first thought was the leader.
 “If he is not Gerald, then he must be Ravenhurr.” There was a silent response to that statement, but finally one of the other men lit a torch and held it up.

 and Rodregas went to the dark back room and lit the torch. When one of the other men said he was Ravenhurr, the other man turned to the larger aggressive man, Gerald. Gerald took the torch and lit a small flame, lit up the fire and sat in the chair.
-
All that time, all those killings, and this was how he would fail.
 “Karak!” he shouted, all his power fleeing him.
 His undead minions collapsed, their souls released.
 The gates to the abyss opened before his eyes, and he felt the pull on his soul.
 The dark fire already burned.
 He saw the face of his master, and the sick grin there horrified him.
 “I will not die!” he shrieked.
 “I will not die!”
 His flesh burned in fire, his bones blew away as dust on the wind, and only an empty robe remained of the being that was Velixar.
 Yet, still haunting the wind, was his final cry, a promise to the world of Dezrel.

 the fire, the dark fire, his soul, and hell, the power of the fire, and he would fail. They would never know what was happening to him. He spoke to himself, the fire and the raving of his soul, and the dark fire, and the power of the
-
I felt a giggle surge past my lips, and pressed them tight before I could completely embarrass myself.
 "That's amazing.
 My dad thought knowing how to dance would make my first dance easier.
 It turned out to be a complete waste of time.
 Nobody asked me to dance and his lessons wouldn't have helped even if they had.
 Still, now I wish I'd done a better job of learning."
 Alec nodded, but there was a distracted air to the gesture.
 I waited while we made another quarter of a journey, him gracefully, me not quite so much, around the floor, before opening my mouth to speak, but he beat me to it.
 "I don't suppose either of us talk about our dads much.
 I'm not pushing, but if you ever need to talk about him, about what happened, I'll listen.

 ","",","",""....",","",","",",",","",",",,",","","," but you don't have to tell
-
The Dodge slows almost to a stop just a couple of car lengths away.
 I am unable to see in the tinted windows of the car but I am certain they can see me; I stare back as if to say, “Is that you?” They are obviously aware that I am there, alone and awaiting their arrival.
 The car slowly pulls away after taking a good look at me.
 I lose sight of them, as they seem to be going towards the opposite end of the parking lot.
 I assume they will pull around after checking out the surroundings but instead my crack-berry rings within seconds.
 It is Ashley and she is trying to move me to a Starbucks that is on the other side of the same parking lot.
 I resist and ask her if that was her that stopped next to me in the red Dodge Charger.
 She says it was but she would rather meet at the Starbucks where there are some people around.
 I tell her to just come to my truck and let’s get this deal done.
 Ashley states she is suspicious that I won’t drive a hundred yards to meet her.

 to her truck and states that I am okay and that I am going to get this deal done. I just let her to my truck and she comes to the Starbucks eager to meet her. I let her drive a few yards to meet me and she is happy to meet me. Ashley is not going
-
.
 look."
 Marie smiled.
 She hadn't even thought about binding her chest again, a convention that her mother had never understood or liked.
 She'd always thought she was too well endowed to look good in any of the clothes she liked, but now she couldn't imagine binding it.
 Besides, she liked wearing the lacy bras she'd brought from 2011.
 "Marie," her mother said quietly, taking her daughter's arm as they left the store, "does the young man you met have anything to do with your decision to stop binding your chest?"
 "He just told me that that's not the style in--where he lives.
 He bought me clothes, and they looked and fit better without the binding."
 "Why didn't you bring any of those clothes with you?"

 Marie took a hand away from her arm and looked at her mother with a small smile. "He bought me, white, and blue, and I wore the clothes he'd brought to the store that I wanted to wear." "What about you?"<eop> "I don
-
You expect that kind of energy in a child; when it comes from an adult it's hard not to react in kind.
 It didn't manage to infect me this time, but it did help focus me on the here and now.
 I figured I owed her for that, so I tried to suppress my generally ungracious nature.
 I even let her lead me up the creaky stairs to show me the 'amazing view' for the third time.
 Mom pulled the mirrors out of my hands as soon as I reached the larger bedroom, and nudged me towards the window.
 "Admit it, Adri, we didn't get sunsets like this very often in Minnesota."
 "Adriana," I corrected automatically, trying to avoid thinking about where my nickname had come from.
 The sunset was beautiful, just starting to turn the sky pink as a prelude to the glorious oranges that would no doubt follow.
 It was the kind of thing that Mom was always trying to capture with her camera, but which never seemed to turn out quite as good as the real thing.
 The sunset wasn't what captured my interest though, it was the greenery.

 it, pointing to the sky, and I tried to open my eyes, trying to focus in on the sun. Even as I took in the beauty of the greenery above, I started to lose sight of the greenery - the flowers, the blooms, the buds, the
-
But she didn't want him to be embarrassed by a companion who wasn't dressed appropriately.
 Well, she'd ask him where he planned to take her and what she should wear.
 "Why don't we find you a nice, simple dress?"
 Rick asked the next day after they'd bought towels and lotions and visors and sunglasses.
 She smiled, hugging his arm.
 She hadn't even mentioned the dress.
 "Thank you.
 I was hoping I could get one."
 He glanced down at her.
 "Sweetheart, you can get anything you want."

 up at her. She looked down at him. "Sweetheart, you don't want anything you want," she said holding his arm again. "Sweetheart, I'd want to help you wear anything you want."<eop><eod> "You can wear almost anything you
-
The way he walked; the way he moved,” she said.
 “Of course,” he said.
 No one could forget seeing a Celestial animal of any kind much less a lion.
 “You know the great beasts of the Celestial Realm are not just magical animals.
 They are more.
 They are the embodiment of magic, of ideas or concepts for the Celestials: The Great White Stag, The Moon Wolf, The Lion, The Stallion.
 Dire beasts are animals with magic and they are more powerful, smarter, and stronger because of their magic.
 Celestial Beasts are far more.
 You saw that for yourself didn’t you?” she asked softly.
 Rodregas simply nodded.

 are your beasts?” she asked softly. “The Great One” he just replied softly. And, that was about it, he was the father of Celestial Beasts.<eop><eod> That was the end of the first part of his book, and, sitting in a dark cave deep in
-
I sat up, rubbing my sore legs, unable to believe he’d left me.
 And then the rock wall struck me in the face.
 I cursed, my voice hoarse from sleep.
 The wall came at me again.
 “Okay, okay,” I shouted.
 “Let me up.” Chevelle’s camouflage dissipated and he stared down at me, disappointed.
 I smirked.
 “Where’s your horse?” He smiled as the beast nipped at the back of my head, yanking my hair.
 Grumbling, I swatted the horse away and ran my hand over my face, sure it was mottled with bruises and scratch marks.
 “Drink this.” Chevelle offered me a hide flagon and I took it, swallowing a mouthful before the taste hit me.

 it. He put on a mask with a faint hint of red at the top and I lowered my face. I lowered my mask and it covered my face. “Okay, okay..Let me up. Let me up. Let me up. “Okay, okay..You’ll be
-
"She knows what she wants.
 I suppose you have to give her credit for that."
 That conversation left a bad taste in Rick's mouth, and he arrived at Ted and Lauri's that evening feeling wary.
 "Hi--I'm glad you said to dress casually," Rick greeted Ted, shrugging out of his coat.
 "I hate to get dressed up when it's raining."
 "Sharon insisted.
 She said set-ups are awkward enough without all the formality."
 He hung Rick's coat in the closet.
 "I might like this girl after all.
 Where is she?"

 " " " " "" " " " " " " "" " " "" "" " " " " "" "" " " " " "
-
I slept on Jill’s couch.
 In the morning I walked to a donut shop.
 It had a service window opening onto the sidewalk.
 A trio of boys about my age stood waiting their turn.
 But when they saw me, they jumped aside.
 That whole summer, I struck terror into many hearts on account of I had backed down two of Pacific Beach’s toughest.
 At parties and the beach, girls who got upset and spiteful toward their boyfriends would appear at my side in hopes the boyfriend would object and I would thrash him.
 At Carmen Ranch Club, Eric was on the trampoline, probably showing off for his friend Carol, when he soared too high and got distracted by something.
 He fell sideways, ricocheted off the rail and landed on asphalt.
 Scraped and bruised all over, he went home with Carol, who lived nearby.

 out at the park for two hours. Then I went to the beach with the boys’ family. Later I laid out on the porch watching the kids play on the oline. When I was drunk, I was in a bar. On Friday night, I went to a bar. I was
-
Instead he crosscut, his left arm swiping right while the other swept left.
 She turned to one side, using her staff to press one sword into the dirt and knock the second swipe just above her.
 The staff continued twirling, positioning Harruq’s hands further out of place.
 She used the awkwardness to gain further separation between them.
 Her hands ached from the force of every block and parry.
 Her breath was fast and shallow.
 Her hair, which she had failed to tie up before the fight, hung in wild strands before her face.
 She was beautiful, but Harruq did not see it.
 To Harruq, she was the young girl cradling her sister.
 Aurelia thrust her right hand forward, her fingers spread wide and stiff.

 pulled her arm back and pulled the hand towards her, twirling the staff of the right and left. Harruq saw that she was the girl, her sister, the girl next to her, her older sister, her sister, her mother, her father, her brother, her sister, her
-
I looked up, startled.
 Chevelle stood just in front of me.
 He dropped to his knees and reached out to touch the mark across my cheek.
 Shame flooded me, and I turned my head to hide the evidence, but his hand cradled the side of my face.
 Chapter Four Flame
 “Freya,” he repeated in a softer voice as he lifted my chin.
 He appeared to have real concern as he glanced from what I was sure was now a welt to my eyes, and I struggled to keep the tears that were welling up from falling.
 I’d not had a caring touch from anyone for so long I didn’t know how to react.
 And I was ashamed.
 Fannie had authority over me, but I wasn’t a child.

 my mother. I belonged to her, and I was her daughter. I was mine. She had to keep me safe. And when she gave me to me, she loved me, and my loyalty to her was about me. It’s her that cares about me.<eop><eod> Chapter Five
-
"Definitely."
 He smiled.
 "Have a seat--breakfast's ready."
 She sat down and poured milk on her cereal.
 "Mmm--this is delicious."
 "Good.
 Do you want milk or juice or both?"
 They chatted as they ate, and only when she began loading the dishwasher did she remember that she was going to have to spend the day alone.
 "What should I do while you're gone, Rick?"
 "Whatever you like.

 """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" """""""""""""""""
-
I stepped to the side and slammed my foot on the beast’s back.
 It yipped and went still.
 I raced through the crowds, jumping and ducking.
 I looked over my shoulder and up the hill, wishing I could escape all the bodies that were pressed together in combat.
 Then I rammed into one.
 “What the heck?” I fell on my butt and blinked as Jason picked himself off the ground.
 “Sorry,” I said and stood up.
 “Watch where you’re going… Jazell, look out!” Jason suddenly yelled.
 I dove onto the ground and felt the monster brush past me.
 I looked up to see Jason rolling on the ground before jumping on the faery jerk’s back.

 I could see...... and I started to run.<eop> I was fast. I jumped on the monster’s back, kicked my foot and kicked it again as I raced over the crowd. I stepped to the side to hit the beast’s back. It went still.
-
He had thought that he would struggle to sleep, but instead immediately found deep sleep.
 In what felt like only a few minutes later, he struggled from deep within his dreams to the sound of a polite knock on the door.
 He looked around for a second, confused by his surroundings until memories returned.
 The sunlight through the windows was now indirect so he guessed it to be mid or even late afternoon.
 Again came the polite knock; no one would dare such persistence without direct orders from Ravenhurr.
 It had to be Adapt Korin.
 He nearly leaped off the bed and looked for a sword but of course there was none.
 He stepped in front of the bedroom door as he quickly did his best to close the broken study door.
 He quietly unlocked it and stepped back and said simply, “Enter,” and waited for the Adapt to come inside.
 Korin came into the room with a relaxed step that showed him to be much more comfortable than Rodregas was.

 opened the door and gestured to the Adapt, walked down the hall to the staircase to the door and stood in front of the room. Korin then stepped up the stairs and walked out of the room. He went back to bed to find the Adapt in the living room. It was not
-
The niños who crawled on the muddy bank had implausibly shiny hair and wide eyes of milk white and gleaming obsidian.
 Beyond the shanties, across the river and the road, a building invaded the sky.
 Shaped like a Hershey bar, only high as mountains and made of chrome and glass.
 A thousand beams from the rising sun ricocheted in prisms off it.
 I felt Cliff staring at me.
 He was in the back seat.
 When I glanced his way, he asked, “How’s your head?” In truth my head felt enormous and heavy.
 Even my eyeballs ached.
 “Okay,” I said.
 “But check this out, everything looks weird.

 I looked back, across the bridge, I see Cliff looking back into the shanties. Back in the other bridge, I said, “...” But when I looked, back in the bridge, in the shantys, I looked confused.<eop> In the shanties
-
Or someone else?
 Karen – Not yet.
 Actually last I heard he was married again and they have two kids.
 Art – Well he seems to have bounced back from all the pain and humiliation, he must be a resilient young man.
 Karen – Well, he did leave the home first.
 He had to get away from not only the family, but the community.
 He comes from a small town, and everyone knew what happened.
 I think he married a girl from Russia, one of those mail-order brides.
 I think that she was desperate to get out of Russia.
 The terrible poverty and such just made her desperate to get out of the country.

 that it was her turn to leave the family and go and live to Russia. I think that she gave him all the money from the family. Art – Karen – Well I don’t know that it was even enough to go and live with her. (Sources: Art
-
After agriculture, the textile and clothing industry is one of the largest employment sectors in developing countries.
 The industry's global exports are $250 billion a year, of which Asian countries command 40 per cent.
 Trade in clothing is expected to rise by 60 per cent and textiles by 34 per cent over the next ten years.
 As labour costs have risen in East Asia, greater opportunities are emerging for lower-wage developing countries to take a larger share in growing international markets.
 In order to take advantage of the increasing opportunities opened up by liberalization of world trade, developing countries should accelerate steps to expand export-oriented markets by forging foreign collaborations and overseas subsidiaries, acquiring technology, creating an attractive commercial environment for foreign investment, and continuously building the skills of the labour force.
 7.Innovate organizationally: Significant improvements in the competitiveness and growth of businesses in developing countries can be achieved through raising organizational efficiency and dynamism through better internal management practices and better commercial systems in the marketplace.
 Conduct a comprehensive study of successful management practices, systems and institutions from both developing and developed countries that can be transferred and adapted to local conditions in or der to accelerate development in each field of activity.
 Evolve new organizational patterns for existing industries based on adaptation of new technologies in small, geographically decentralized, labour-intensive production units in order to make these industries more responsive, flexible, efficient and competitive.
 8.Extend basic education: A distinguishing feature of the East Asian countries has been their emphasis during the early stage of industrialization on primary and secondary education, especially in rural areas.
 This strategy increases the productivity of the mass of the workforce, helps promote income equality, consumer spending power and broad support for high growth and pro-business policies.

 . Increase basic education: High-high quality education is the core of the growth strategy of any economy. An emphasis on primary and secondary education, as above, is designed to increase the productivity of the workforce. The strategy is designed to increase the productive force of labor, including education, skills training and
-
BG:  	Fuck it.
 Move on.
 CM:  	Uh, that brings us to your most recent release, the almost entirely acoustic, “I Was a Child When Smaller.”
 BG:  	Right.
 CM:  	First song, the painful, “Allison All Gone.”
 BG:  	Right.
 Nothing to say there.
 Next.
 CM: 	Uh…
 BG:  	What?

 : Right.. BG: BG: Right.... BG::... BG: Right... Right.... BG: Right. BG: Right.. BG: Right...::::: BG:
-
There is something endearing about it, but some of it worries me.
 She doesn’t seem to be able to hear as well as she should through her rounded ears and her voice is oddly alto.
 She is a beauty, though, her unusual features earning her extra attention.
 The elders express their anxiety again that the humans will consume us, but my father is already discussing arranged marriages, even mentioning Rune’s son, of all people.
 He’ll do anything he can to gain power from her.
 It was hard to read, this diary.
 My mother’s diary.
 Her writings went on until they became more erratic, answering questions I didn’t want answered.
 My father has taken Freya from me.
 He has assigned her tasks, Rune watching over her, testing her.

 taken her home, her home, not hers. She has taken her family, she family, her mother, her father, her, me, her father, taking me, taking her young children, taking her children. She has taken her from me, taken me from... I have
-
Well, anyway, not totally.
 Not just.
 I don’t know.
 Don’t write this down, man.
 It’s just talking about Jimi makes me feel, I don’t know, useless somehow.
 Vulnerable.
 You dig?
 CM:  	Did you go to the funeral?
 BG:  	Naw.
 I didn’t, man.

 ’t get it, man. So I didn’t go to the funeral, man. MG: no. I didn’t go to see the funeral.... oh, well, well, I didn’t..... no, I didn’’t go
-
Yet, fuelled by the bold initiatives of Mikhail Gorbachev, by the time ICPF conducted its first meeting on the border of the rapidly vanishing Iron Curtain at Trieste in September 1989, the Berlin Wall had fallen, Cold War hostilities had melted, and the prospect of ushering in a more peaceful and prosperous world for all seemed within reach.
 The euphoria of those heady days generated high expectations of a peace dividend that would help to wipe away much of the world’s suffering.
 At the same time, the withdrawal of the confrontation between East and West resulted in a gradual shift of attention from the threat of imminent global self-destruction to lesser but very real problems, among them – the unresolved danger arising from huge stockpiles of nuclear weapons; some 26 on-going localized military conflicts within and between developing nations, aggravated by increased trafficking in small armaments; the persistence of hunger and malnutrition, especially among the poorest populations of South Asia and politically unstable regions of Africa; progressively rising levels of unemployment in both industrialized and developing countries; and the turbulence and hardship of political, economic and social transition in post-Communist Eastern Europe.
 These challenges, coupled with the outbreak of the first Gulf War, the disintegration of Yugoslavia, and the horrendous civil wars that wracked Somalia and Rwanda, clouded the world’s vision of a brighter future.
 It was in this context that the Commission undertook five years of research that led to the publication of its report in the fall of 1994.
 The report was released at official functions at UN headquarters in New York, UNESCO in Paris, a global congress of the World Academy of Art and Science at Minneapolis, and in the restored capital of a reunited Germany at Berlin, then formally presented to the UN Secretary General and to all UN member nations by a member of the Commission, Her Majesty Queen Noor on behalf of the Government of Jordan.
 In the decade since then, much has happened to belie the expectations of post-Cold War optimists and pessimists alike.
 On the positive side, the sudden emergence and explosive growth of the Internet and the World Wide Web have fuelled a global revolution in communication, education, economy and a wide range of human activities reaching from corporate board rooms in North America to rural towns and villages on every continent, abridging the time, distance and differences separating countries, classes and people.
 The end of Apartheid in South Africa completed a century-long struggle, ridding the world of a horrible scourge.
 Democratic systems of governance characterized by the rule of law, an independent judiciary and a free media replaced dictatorships around the world.

 end of the Nazi era, the confrontation between the East and West was a watershed, and the goal of the Commission was to mark the end of world war II, bring the end of conflict in the Middle and Far East, including Asia, Europe, Africa, and Africa and the end of the Cold
-
Now what else do you need to tell us about our destiny.” I included air quotes around “destiny”.
 He stared at me happily.
 “Oh you have to come to Igneeria, miss.” “Wow wait, hold it!” I held my hands out.
 “Buddy, you just show up talking about some destiny that we don’t know about and then you say that we have to come to some place that’s not here, and you expect us to go?
 What about our families and people who’d ask questions, if we disappear.
 What do we say, oh sorry about that everyone, we just felt like leaving Earth to go to this magical place called Igneeria to do something that we don’t know about.” “Well of course, there will be some minor difficulties,” he said.
 “Minor?” I squeaked.
 “Seriously, did you not hear a word I just said?” He placed his pudgy hands on his small hips.
 “Miss don’t you think that Her Majesty would have this all planned out?
 You don’t have to worry.” Seth twirled his sword.

 , Seth shouted.<eop> “I get it.” He shouted.” “Yes!”.... He shouted, “Yes!”, “yes yes.” Seth shouted, “Yes yes,” I screamed.<eop> “Oh, but don’t you just want to be
-
It depends on the understanding and will of people.
 The evolution of larger, heterogeneous national units functioning under principles of equality is an outstanding product of civilization that should not and cannot be reversed without great damage to the general welfare of humanity.
 The only solution is to work constantly to educate the public in all countries to understand the benefits of national integration and international cooperation.
 The implications of this view will be endorsed by some and opposed by others.
 Acceptance must be fostered through education and discussion rather than unilateral forced initiative.
 Preventive Diplomacy, Peace Making and Peace Building
 The answers to the questions regarding national sovereignty and international responsibility will determine the scope of UN preventive diplomacy, peacemaking and peace building in years to come.
 They must be addressed with a view to evolving valid principles of international law, rather than remaining subject to frequent reversals of public policy by member states based on the short-term impact of the media on current public opinion.
 Granted that a consensus is reached regarding these larger issues of principle, there still will remain immense problems relating to implementation, as illustrated by the recent failure of international intervention in Somalia.
 Whatever may be the limits placed on the UN’s mandate for action, it is clear that it cannot carry out that mandate effectively under the current constraints imposed on it by member states through indecisiveness, narrowly defined interests and lack of political commitment.

 be a challenge in the future of the United Nations to take decisive action and to demonstrate to the international community that evolving, valid principles of international law are ultimately the best option for long-term international peace and peaceful development.<eop> From a practical perspective, it is vital for the UN mission to
-
.
 .
 this was nothing like Davis's kisses.
 Rick's kiss was making her tremble.
 She returned it briefly and then pulled away, hiding her face against his shoulder in confusion.
 How could she like Rick's kiss more than Davis'?
 How could his kiss make her feel so hot and weak?
 Rick drew in a shaky breath, laying his cheek against her hair.
 That one small, hesitant kiss had been so exciting that he knew he'd be lost if she ever kissed him the way he wanted.
 And he knew himself well enough and was honest enough to admit that it wasn't just because she was beautiful and sexy.

 just because she was sexy and and beautiful and sexy. And he knew she was sexy and sexy and beautiful. It wasn't because she.............. beautiful and sexy, she........
-
I enjoy most of her work when I see it, but I’m not really interested in art or artists.
 I guess I’m one of her fans though.
 Karen – Are you some sort of dirty old man?
 Art – Well you know I usually don’t try to be.
 Why do you ask?
 Have I come across as one?
 Karen – You claim that you’re not an art fan.
 You don’t work for Miss Struan, and you’re not a family member.
 Yet you’re here.
 And you seem to know a lot about Elizabeth and her artwork.

 – Well maybe she’s an art fan, do you say you know? Art – Well if you say you don’t know Elizabeth, I’m no fan, I guess. But that’s it.......<eop> Karen – Is you a
-
“Secondly, don’t cut yourself.
 These things are sharp.” She moved to toss the sword to me but reconsidered and handed it over, making sure I had a good grip.
 There were intricate designs carved on the handle and runes etched in the blade.
 It wasn’t as heavy as it appeared.
 I moved it around a bit, slashing wide arcs though the chill air.
 It was pleasant, nicely balanced in my hand.
 That didn’t mean I could actually cut through someone’s neck, though.
 “Ruby, how do you intend to teach me with this?
 I mean if there’s no messing around, just lop your head off and all?” She laughed.
 “Don’t worry, Frey.

 s all right.”<eop> “You can’t say it’s wrong.” She smiled warmly at me. I got down on my knees. “I mean, don’t worry. I don’t want to deal with a bloody skull for a second. I mean that’
-
If she couldn't find a way back, she'd never see him again.
 He'd marry somebody else.
 And she'd .
 .
 .
 she'd .
 .
 .
 She looked up to see if she was close to Rick's house.
 It wasn't the house just ahead to the right, or the one beyond that.

 on the right to take her back to the right. The house on the right was the house to take her back to where she was. She looked up to see that it was no longer where she was going, where the car was going, where she was going, it was the house right next
-
"I've spent years learning control, but sometimes I still forget just how breakable everything around me is.
 If you go back to Brandon, you support his claim that you belong to him, and I'd still be forced to challenge him.
 If I didn't, he would be justified in killing whichever two of my friends he wants."
 "So there's no way you can avoid fighting him?"
 Alec's smile was more bittersweet than normal.
 "No, but it's not too late to save you.
 I can have you on a flight to Paris tonight.
 It's the only way to guarantee your safety."
 I shook my head.
 "I'm not leaving.

 ve been waiting for you to leave." He chuckled softly. "Of course, but you're...?" "No. I wasn't even going to kill the two people you belong to, and it's not your fault. In fact, you can'
-
Rutted, gorged, and fell asleep ready for the slaughter.
 Rodregas could not help but shake his head at how life can show you miracles that made you want to live again, and that using the same miracle drives home the fact that there is truly no justice to existence.
 His eyes jerked back to Ravenhurr, as the sorcerer made a jerking motion, rising up from his sky tube.
 “Now,” he said and quickly repeated in his deep but smooth voice, “NOW!” Captain Poir, the leader of Ravenhurr’s guards, had stepped out of the shadows and approached the prisoners, but Rodregas stepped forward first and grabbed the half AElf maiden’s arm.
 With a quick twist of the key he removed her iron shackles but grabbed her arm hard so she could not run.
 “This way,” Rodregas said to her.
 As he separated her from the male prisoner he whispered to her, “If you want to live, don’t do anything until your circle starts to burn, then I will throw the club at the other guard.
 Run and make sure you get out of the circle.” She jerked towards him as he spoke and Rodregas was struck once again by the beauty of her amazing eyes, but he forced her forward hoping that she could think on her feet.
 Rodregas carefully led her over the outer white circle and into a yellow circle that was across from the Celestial Lion.
 Captain Poir led the man into the pale green circle that was the closest to being in the exact middle and was most strongly interconnected to the other circles.

 led him to a dark side of the Celestial Lion and a light shone out into the darkness, blinding the circle and Celestial lion. Malarroar, however, asked for the guard to stand in the center part of the circle and lead the man to the center of the
-
Over the years, Thomas had conned me out of thousands of dollars.
 He had an uncanny ability to put together some huge deal making himself absurd amounts of money and then blowing it all on a high roller lifestyle followed by being completely broke and desperate and addicted to drugs again and again.
 Thomas had also conned or borrowed thousands of dollars from mutual friends and associates, and it was not uncommon for my wife and me to be confronted by angry people in restaurants or public places because my brother owed them money.
 The last straw with Thomas was over Christmas many years back when he became so violent and threatening that Lisa and I decided to not see him or his family again.
 We even told our children that if Uncle Thomas came to our house or ever tried to get them in a car that they were to run to any other adult.
 We did not know what drug he was on or how far he would go.
 When he moved to southern California, we were not faced with Thomas’s problems anymore.
 I crossed him off of my list—the brother who had stood shoulder to shoulder with me through all the moves, the abuse, and so much else.
 The brother who for a while was all I had was completely estranged from me.
 I had put Thomas in a similar category as my biological Father, Richard.

 of my brother and his family. All of my family. I knew all of his family. I knew all of my family and his family. I had everything to him. Then my brother had become angry with both of us and I had told him I couldn’t get anything out of him.
-
We could still see our bodies sleeping peacefully, but this time I noticed that we were all faintly glowing blue.
 I could see the rise and fall of my chest as I breathed.
 So I really was alive, which made this situation even creepier and stranger.
 I had two bodies!
 How was this even possible?
 “What do we do?
 Seth, do you any ideas?” She frowned when he didn’t answer.
 “Seth?” Emily spun in a circle but Seth was nowhere to be found.
 Seth walked out from behind a tree.
 But he was normal Seth.

 Seth. Seth was normal Seth. Seth was normal Seth. “Oh, Seth, Emily, I’m normal Seth, Seth, it’s not important to you. I just remember, I’m normal” He was Seth. He was normal Seth. He was normal Seth. He was
-
Emily shook her head.
 He was too stubborn sometimes.
 Emily stared at the sky and then she knew what he had said.
 She looked down to say something but Jason was fast asleep.
 He had said he wasn't going to leave her alone.
 *** “Jazell, maybe we should try to go down there,” Seth said and nodded to the ground below.
 I shrugged.
 “Why?” “It might lead up somewhere.
 Plus, if Jason and Emily see it too, they might go down.
 It'll be easier to find each other.” “Okay,” I said and stood up.

 I want to.... I don’t want to go..... I just...... I just....”<eop> “I don’t know. I want you to go.... I want to.”<eop> “Don’
-
He shrugged.
 “I don't know how, I just do.
 Maybe that's my power.” “Well, I want to go this way,” I said and pointed to the entrance.
 “If something like that is on the entrance, I want to know where this goes.” “I agree but aren't we supposed to be trying to find Emily and Jason?” “I have an idea,” I said and pulled my bow off my back.
 I removed one of my arrows and put my bow on the ground.
 I walked over to Seth and pulled his sword out of its sheath.
 He grabbed for it but I already had it in my hands.
 I put the tip against the arrow and carved the same sign as the one on the wall.
 Then I tossed Seth's sword back at him, which he caught without a problem, and picked up my bow.
 I notched the carved arrow and released it.

 back toward the door. I walked up to Seth, quickly pulled out my bag, opened it, set it down, and removed my bow. I turned around and placed my bag on top of the wall. Seth put it on the ground.<eop><eod> I had placed my bow against the wall and
-
I don't know what to do Jazell; I don't even know if those things are true.
 They won't attack me and I swear, if you gave them a minute, I bet they would help me.” He was talking so fast the words almost blurred together.
 “I don't know what to say Seth,” I said.
 “Maybe you shouldn't worry, maybe they're wrong.
 You can control what happens.
 If you say it won't happen, it won't.” “I hope you're right,” he said.
 “Me too.” The mood was perfect.
 I saw Seth relax a little and the look on his face was more like himself.
 I was perfectly happy with the way everything was right now until I saw the small outline of a toad dwarf nearby.
 “Uh Seth I don't think this is the best time to mention this but I think we have company.” I pointed to the shape.

 ............................................................
-
Talk about humility.
 The Commandment
 A song reminds me of 1 John 3:23, “This is his commandment, to believe in the name of his son, Jesus, and to love one another as he commanded us.” Again I think about the power of a single word to change us, and redirect our lives, and perhaps give us the ability to change others and the world.
 But I suspect it’s not likely to do so unless we stop and wrestle with its meanings.
 In an essay on writing short stories, Andre Dubus advised that when we get stuck, instead of stopping or attempting to go forward, we should try going deeper.
 On this trip, I have attempted to deepen my understanding of the word “adore.” Now I’m trying to do the same with some words in John’s admonition, because I feel my mind or the Spirit telling me that everything we need to know to live in goodness and beauty may be contained in those few lines.
 John tells us to “believe in” the name of the Son.
 While at a glance this could be taken to mean we should simply believe that Jesus existed, it doesn’t.
 Because “believe in” denotes more than credulity.
 “Believe in” means to fully trust.

 believe in” of those words is faith in the trueness of the Father and the Son, and “believe in” is the Spirit. It means to be with God, to believe God, to trust Jesus, to love one another and others, to believe in the presence of our God, to
-
Her mother opened the door.
 "Are you feeling all right?"
 "Yes.
 Just tired."
 Mrs. Tranton sat down on the bed.
 "You miss him, don't you?"
 "More than I could have imagined."
 She closed her eyes, trying to hold back her tears.
 "So much that it hurts."
 "What does he look like?"

 Tranton smiled. "He's beautiful, you know." "Don't miss you?"<eop> "You do.""""""" """"""""""""""""""""""
-
Who else did we play with at that time—such a bombastic time—right before the implosion, you know?
 It was all so ripe, so ready to burst.
 What’s that word for a plant that explodes outward, sends its seeds out—dehiscence.
 That was 1968-69.
 No one could see the end from there, no one knew.
 It was all still beautiful, it was all Itchycoo Park, you dig?
 Let’s see.
 We played with Carlos.
 CM:  	Santana.
 BG:  	Right, right.

 . CM: Carlos. BG: Right, right, right. BG: Right, right, right. BG: Carlos?.... BG: Santana. Santana, Santana. Santana, Carlos? Carlos.... Carlos, Carlos.
-
As badly as it hurts each time she sneaks away, it hasn't happened nearly as often since you got here.
 She's been improving ever since you moved into town, and the rate of change has increased over the last two weeks."
 "I suppose we make quite the pair, her and I.
 Two shattered little dolls trying our best to make sure the pieces don't blow away and leave us with nothing.
 An imposition to everyone around us."
 He hugged me to him as he shook his head.
 "Not an imposition.
 Never that."
 It felt wrong to try and kiss Alec right now.
 I didn't want to make light of Rachel's hurt, or Jasmin's loneliness, but his presence was too great a temptation to pass up.

 didn't know." "I know, Alec said. He grinned. "It's okay. And it's fine," "I know." I shook my head, trying to lean into him. "I know."<eop> "I don'
-
Rodregas didn’t think she meant the gesture to be sexual, but he hesitated at the sight of her superbly shaped body.
 Rodregas ignored his own rush of hormones and pushed her high on the shoulder and she stumbled back.
 “Now,” he said, “lower your center of gravity.
 Bend your legs, but keep them loose.” She followed his instructions, and he thought this would make her look less striking, but she went from a statuesque dancer to a crouching feline.
 He breathed in through his nose and tried to ignore his newly youthful hormones.
 This time when he pushed her shoulder she went back but did not stumble.
 “See, you stayed in control.
 You stumble in a fight and you are dead.
 With your center low you have control.
 You are ready to dodge and to strike back as needed.

 lower your center down, raise your head, and maintain your control. Now, you bend your leg, and you keep your center down. But with your center low you are ready to dodge, and to keep the opponents’ center of gravity loose.” He gestured to her shoulders. “I was
-
Not necessarily with muscle, some more bulbous.
 The women were varied as well, some thin and wiry, some stout like the males.
 Their hair was in all shades—light blond like the sun, brown as the trees, one even had rusty red, his plump cheeks peppered with light brown spots.
 And there were so many children!
 They were loud and ran round the camp all afternoon.
 And they were just as varied as the adults.
 I examined their wide noses, rounded ears, and stubby fingers.
 Those who wore no shoes had short, thick toes like trolls.
 The men had patches of hair curled on their chests and forearms and some even grew it around their chins like goats.
 Their clothes were tattered and ill-fitting rags.

 had short, thick hair, in braids. They tied their hair to their buns, to their heads, to back, and all around them. And they tied on their upper chests, and to their shoulders and backs, down on their back, and over their shoulders, and
-
She’s following me.” Heat flooded my face.
 I couldn’t believe he’d fooled me again.
 I didn’t care what else they had to say.
 I stood and marched away, fuming at the idea that both of them were in on it.
 They might have been council, but it didn’t stop the feeling of betrayal.
 They’d lied to me, acted as if they’d cared.
 I was done with them.
 With everyone.
 I wanted as far away from all of it as possible.
 But I didn’t make it far.

 ... me. I wouldn’t have to hide anymore. I’d be... alone. I wouldn’t know what I had to do. I wouldn’t be safe. I wouldn’t have to.... I’d be... I’
-
Jim – You’ve never said that.
 Johnny – Ok so maybe I didn’t actually say it, but I thought it really loud a bunch of times.
 Not my fault if you fools can’t read my mind.
 Jim – Maybe you should think louder.
 That’s assuming that you have something there to read.
 Johnny – Any ideas I have will no doubt be superior to the Canadian Change theory.
 Eugene – Oh not that again.
 What caused the return that small piece of delusional fantasy?
 It was funny the first time, but it’s lost some of its charm in each re-telling.
 Jim – It’s not fantasy damn it.

 – The """" not the """" is the truth. Jim. Eugene – Well.... I don’t have an idea what it all was about, but maybe I have to know more. Jim. Eugene – Maybe it was just a
-
The two nearest buildings crumpled, their walls and roofs blown back by the power.
 The elf winced, nearly knocked to her knees by the force.
 “What madness gives you such a desire?” she asked, sending forth the strongest spells she knew.
 Several lances of ice flew down the street, followed by a ball of magma.
 The ball rolled behind the lances, covering the ground in flame.
 Velixar laughed.
 A wave of his hand created a similar shield as Aurelia’s, but instead of keeping it close to his body, he shoved it forward.
 The lances shattered into shards when slammed against it.
 The ball of magma halted when touching the barrier and then reversed direction.
 The elf glared, detonating the attack with a thought.

 cast a spell to a lance. The elf fashioned a lance of two small calibers with a point to it. When the lances were smashed, the second rolled behind the lance, and the elf turned from the lances, then turned back to the
-
Rumors at the time suggested that her husband had transmitted a venereal disease to her."
 Rick was shocked.
 He had a hard time picturing the young woman in the picture as a victim.
 Of course, even today women stayed with men who abused them, and it would have been much harder for a woman in the 1920s to escape.
 But why had she married him?
 Had she not seen what type of man he was?
 He turned back to the picture.
 The article had said that she’d been vibrant and fun-loving in her youth, and he could see those qualities in her eyes.
 He would have liked to have known her.
 Well, before her marriage, anyway.

 My husband died," Rick turned back to the article.<eop> The article had said, "The last of the men to be born, live, and pass away was a woman." He turned back to the young woman in the picture. He looked down at her husband and at the picture
-
The weight provided a lot of momentum and power for a strike, but if you missed it was hard to recover and very easy to leave yourself wide open for a counter strike from your opponent.
 It looked like the guards had gone to celebrate “his” birthday by taking most of the better armor and weapons with them.
 Rodregas grabbed a shield as well, and a barrel of the best looking arrows and carried them to the front entrance.
 There was probably money in the purser’s office, but he knew that the door, as well as the room was rigged with poison needles and other traps, both mundane and magical.
 Rodregas had the impression that Ravenhurr had spent most of his wealth of late on the Dire Cats.
 After Rodregas’ recent generosity, he did not want to take the risk of dying for a nearly empty treasure box.
 He looked out of the entrance, over to the gate and up to the top of the wall where a small tower provided cover.
 There, one of the few guards left should be watching the front gate.
 Also kept in the tower were two of the nicest weapons Rodregas had ever seen: a pair of recurve bows of Wood Nymph created black yew.
 There was no way they would have been taken.

 he turned around and to the side of the room. Across the room, he saw that a door connected the top of the tower and a small room. On the ledge in front of the door, the room was empty. It was going to be.......
-
Still, his girlfriend sticks by him.
 She becomes his wife and the mother of his kids.
 And Joe Ben comes to believe that God had allowed that tragedy to save him from the fate of his father, who died a lonely, sex-obsessed drunk.
 Joe Ben is the book’s endearing and admirable character, a humble Christian of supreme courage.
 A vision, I believe, of what Cassady could have become had he overcome his demons.
 So, I sit on my porch and dream myself back to the morning when Cliff and I woke up in a Tijuana riverbed.
 Instead of what happened, I tell Cliff I’m going on the road to find Kerouac.
 Then I drive Route 66 and the turnpike from Chicago, 3000 miles to the Left Bank Bar in Lindenhurst, Long Island, where Bobby Casso introduces Jack and me.
 We talk about everything, including God and tequila, and at the right moment, I tell him about the light.
 His eyes open wider.

 have to go and go to the water. He tells me........and I have to go to get some beer.<eop> I get out of my car and go to Long Island, where I meet Jack. We meet up there and on the boat. Jack and I
-
As I threaded between a pair of closely-set tables I noticed that Alec's table seemed unusually unsettled.
 If a shouting match could be conducted in whispers, it was being done by Jasmin and James, neither of who looked like they were happy about whatever was being discussed.
 Alec wasn't talking, but from the way he was scanning the room, he didn't want to be there anymore than the rest of them.
 I made it to Brandon's table, and was still pulling my meal replacement drink out of my bag when the loudspeaker clicked on with the obligatory burst of static.
 "This is Principal Gossil and I've got an exciting announcement.
 The school is sponsoring a trip to Las Vegas to see the production of Les Misérables that just started.
 Tickets are available at a discounted rate in the office for the next two days."
 It was like someone had rifled through my mind to pick out my biggest disappointment in recent days, pulled it out and rubbed salt on the wound before cramming it back inside me.
 Of course I'd go see how big of a discount the school had gotten the tickets at, but it was extremely unlikely my tiny check would end up being enough.
 It took me a moment to realize Mr. Gossil hadn't ended his announcement.

 the other side of the room, and I got up, gathered my purse up, and headed over to the next table. Even before Brandon's announcement, Gossil had given the opportunity to sponsor the production of the film. I'd never had the opportunity to get tickets for the rest of
-
Art – I never thought of it like that.
 I don’t really feel that comfortable with the title of ‘obsessive dirty old pervert.’  It makes me feel as if I’m getting on in years.
 Karen – How about we just shorten it to pervert?
 Art – Noooo, that doesn’t feel right to me either.
 Karen – Then what would you prefer Mister?
 Art – Well, it’s a bit of a mouthful, but a bit more accurate than ‘dirty old perverted man’ or whatever.
 I mean ‘dirty old pervert man’ sounds a lot like a super villian’s name or something, and I don’t really think that I could be considered a super villain by any stretch of the concept.
 On top of that there is the ‘old’ part, I’m not really that old, I’m only forty-two years old, which may seem ancient beyond belief to a beautiful young woman such as yourself, but when you get to my level, well, it just kind of is how old you are.
 It doesn’t feel much different than when I was in my twenties or thirties, well I’m in better shape now, which isn’t saying much, I was kind of a nerd back then and didn’t do much exercising…
 Karen – Get on with it.

 . – Art – Art – Art – Art...... – Art –.......... Art – I’m not a dirty old man. I
-
I heard indistinct sobbing, and then the voice returned and made me shiver.
 The sensation started somewhere on my back, and traveled forward like it was clawing to get out of my face.
 "I know you're sorry, just like you were sorry before.
 Only I don't really believe you, so we're instituting a new policy.
 If I catch you sniffing around him again, I'll kill you.
 No questions asked."
 My pulse skyrocketed as the raw terror hit.
 I'd heard death threats a couple of times before.
 You don't go to a school of any size without seeing fights, and usually by the time girls resort to physical confrontations they really are serious about hurting the other person.
 When girls say they're going to kill each other, they mean it.

 " " " " " " "..." " " " " " " " " "" " " " "" " " ""..." "
-
It took a while to get this angel out of my blood—it was like going for detox, you know?
 Shit.
 (laughs) What were we talking about?
 Oh—the song, yeah, anyway, that’s what the song is about, that lost time, that time I went away and came back.
 I still like the lyrics: I still imagine a face white like faith’s hue and a dimple carved there and a disdain for any attention.
 How attractive these qualities are.
 How they still reverberate across the gulf of time.
 It really is a gulf, deep like an ode, and dark as if dipped in death-shadow.
 CM: 	Damn.
 It’s a beautiful melody, too.

 m a beautiful song. I’m a beautiful melody. I love it. It’s my song. It’s my song. Oh God, I love it. I love it. I love it. It’s beautiful. CM: I know. Yeah, but it’
-
BG:  	Funny, she’s British, isn’t it?
 She could be from my home town, wants to be.
 Sings funky like Carla Thomas, not a small feat for a white woman.
 CM: 	Ornette Coleman.
 BG: 	He gave us all permission to break the rules.
 CM: 	Sandy Denny.
 BG: 	Oh, sweet voice, that opaque alto.
 Yeah, I dig her.
 CM: 	James Brown.
 BG: 	Well, I wouldn’t want to cross him.

 : James Brown, MC- : CM: James Brown, CM: James Brown. CM : James Brown. CM: James Brown. Oh, James Brown. CM: James Brown. CM: Oh, James Brown. CM: James Brown.
-
The Commission’s report was never intended to predict what would happen in the years to come, but rather to project what could be made to happen by a concerted, determined effort of the world community.
 The report highlighted many of the opportunities that did emerge as well as some of the dangers that have grown in intensity in the absence of effective action.
 The events of the past 15 years may not have followed the course predicted by either the optimists or the pessimists, but they certainly confirm that this has been a period of unprecedented opportunity for rapid progress – what Sri Aurobindo termed an “Hour of God”.
 While the gains have been significant, all of us will acknowledge that we have not taken full advantage of this opportunity to build a better world.
 Though great dangers have receded, old and new threats still loom large, demanding courageous action.
 The door remains ajar.
 The hour is still in progress.
 There is still time and that time is now.
 The world today has far greater opportunities that ever before, far greater degrees of freedom within which to act to accelerate progress and eradicate suffering.
 The Millennium Development Goals adopted at the UN Millennium Summit in 2000 represent the essential minimum needs for building a stable, secure, free and prosperous global community.

 adoption of the Millennium Goals, the United Nations has taken some of the first steps to lead the world to a more secure, more free, prosperous, just and equitable global community. The Millennium Goals have also set up the benchmarks to assess the levels of stability and progress in the world community, and
-
"You're not the only one to realize she's dangerous, it's just that Alec's family has a lot of influence, and so far she's avoided doing anything they couldn't cover up."
 I drew a deep breath and nodded.
 "Okay, I don't remember exactly what she said, but she was mad at the other girl, Lucy.
 Something about staying away from a boy, I don't remember if she said his name.
 Then Jasmin said she didn't believe Lucy was sorry, and that she'd kill her if Lucy didn't stay away from him."
 Brandon nodded slowly.
 "The boy's name's Ben.
 I'm not sure why she's fixated on him the way she has, or why she views Lucy as such a deadly threat to her chances with him, but it's essentially that simple."
 I felt like my head should be reeling from the sheer stupidity.
 Even in a town this small, it didn't seem like the competition for the available males should be a matter for death threats.

 most of the time, and wouldn't lie, telling Alec that he's falling for a girl, over the phone, that he could live with her, that he wouldn't do anything for her. He was a very nice guy, but I needed to get it out.<eop>
-
Not even boys who were so gentlemanly it was sometimes painful.
 I still believed that, but my desire to be with Alec had devoured the parts of my brain that used logic and reason to decide things.
 I wanted to be with him while he slept, even if it was only for a couple of hours.
 Everyone in the pack already knew I'd spent the night.
 In the end, the reasonable part of me never had a chance.
 Waking up next to Alec fully vindicated my decision.
 He'd greeted me with his typical, heart-stopping smile and I'd leaned in to kiss him before I'd even realized I was in motion.
 He'd pulled back, but his expression at least wasn't reproachful.
 I wanted to force the issue, wanted it so badly I could feel the desire bubbling inside me, but even more than my natural shyness, the thought of him pulling away again, this time in disgust, was too much to contemplate.
 Once we got to school, I'd found the rampant gossip had subsided to a dull rumble, but the few undecided votes had come down solidly on the side of everyone else.

 way home, Alec called to me after I'd gotten out of the car with him. I knew that I still wanted to be alone with him, wanted to be with him in my sleep. I was back in school, I had him, I loved, I had friends.<eop> I was
-
I’m moving.
 I’m shadow.
 CM:  	Who do you listen to?
 BG:  	Man, I’m not in with anyone who is in.
 I know that sounds funny to you, but I just don’t listen to anything you would know, man, or that your readers are gonna know.
 Or expect I would listen to.
 Old Beatles, Old Stones…no, I don’t know.
 I been listening to this guy plays the pan flute.
 I can’t remember his name.
 There’s this group out here, West Coast Pop Art Group or something like that.

 , you know.........................................................
-
It felt like an arrow pierced his mind, and through it words seeped into his head.
 _Run.
 Die.
 Collapse.
 Fear.
 Failure._
 An apparition swirled before him, blacker than the shadows, red eyes smoldering.
 Its rank claws touched his face, turning the sweat on his brow to ice.
 The arrow squirmed deeper.
 Qurrah focused every bit of his will upon it, desperately seeking to repulse it.

 ,",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,...,,,,...,,,...,,,.
-
She smiled as she sat on the bed beside me.
 “Some seek out the breath.
 They say it is foresight.” “Foresight?” She nodded.
 “What did you see?” She raised an eyebrow questioningly.
 “Not the future.” She laughed.
 “Have a bath.
 You’ll be good as new.” The water was coming in the window again and I wondered at what I had just read.
 Surely the dust and fog were meddling with my thoughts.
 “Chevelle will be swapping with us for the evening,” she explained.
 The bath refreshed me but, unfortunately, it also cleared my mind.

 all I could read, the breath,, the... I closed my eyes and read it. I began to read, the breath, the words, the sentences, I................... There was a
-
He released his grip just a fraction.
 “I went to your room and you were gone.” He shook his head.
 “I thought I had to come out here to get a search party.” “I, uh… you were in my room?” He straightened, his expression making it clear he hadn’t expected that response.
 I pressed, taking the chance.
 “Why?” I heard movement behind me and the fear returned tenfold.
 Chevelle didn’t tense; he only let out an exasperated breath.
 “It’s fine,” he said.
 He released me and I turned to see who he’d addressed.
 Four figures stood in a line, almost a formation, and they relaxed at his words.
 My arm tingled as the blood returned to the limb, freed of his harsh grip.

 , I turned and shut the door again. Chevelle had followed me down the hallway. I’d looked around to make sure he was dead.<eop> I looked around again. I heard footsteps behind me, back in the hall, down the stairs, the hallway, into the room...
-
It’s about that moment of intimacy after you’ve spent each other, that time when you’re running your fingers over each other’s bodies, asking about little nooks and crannies, scars and tattoos.
 I said this to a woman—the “white swan woman” in the song—after our first intercourse.
 I said to her, “If you push your belly button…” and she laughed long and hard.
 It became code between us, code for post-coital pleasures.
 By the way, the song makes reference to an actual quote.
 When they asked Casanova what made him such a great lover, he said, “The tenderness afterwards.”  So, the line “the tenderness afterwards” comes from the Seducer, gambler, necromancer and spy, Giovanni Giacomo Casanova.
 CM:  	Ok, um, “Hell in Denmark.”
 BG: 	Well, you know, Lennon’s “Norwegian Wood?” Yeah, man, that’s about some affair he had, right?
 But, he couldn’t talk about it because of Cynthia.
 So, he writes this piece of surrealistic poetry and he sings it, man, in this voice as old as the shepherds.

 is another piece of surrealism that is used in the song. MG: Well, the maid,.. oh, " the swan,... one of the maids, "one of the swan women, one of the s
-
!
 [section break](break.png)
 “Aurelia!”
 No answer.
 “Aurelia!
 It’s me, from last night!
 Can you hear me?”
 Only the calm, scattered sounds of the forest returned his call.
 “Damn elf,” Harruq grumbled, crossing his arms and looking all about.
 “She’s probably not here.

 , are you?”<eop> “Yeah?”<eop> “Aurelia?” No answer. “Yeah?”<eop> “Yeah?”<eop> “Yeah?” “What do you think, sir?”<eop> “Yeah... yeah...... yeah, I
-
"You heard Mallory.
 The odds are very good that I'm not coming back.
 If the worst happens, the rest of the pack may very well have to try and fight their way out of there.
 They won't be able to get you out, they'll be lucky to survive even fleeing unencumbered.
 I can't ask them to run that gauntlet carrying you the whole way."
 I ran my finger along his cheek, mirroring the motion he'd done to me so many times.
 "Then don't ask them.
 You'll either win, in which case it doesn't matter whether I'm there or not, or else I don't care what happens."
 Both fists were knotted now, and unless I was very much mistaken, there was just the barest hint of a shake there as well.
 "Don't be ridiculous, Adri.

 't have to hear of you. I can get you back. I'll tell you that I won't have anything to do with you. You're going to be busy trying to tell me what you want me to deal with."<eop> "No, I'm going
-
A Bigger Change
 Since Kenny’s dad was football coach across town at Coronado High School, Kenny transferred there and would graduate, and meanwhile bat leadoff on their baseball team.
 Eric became a lot boy at a Lemon Grove Ford, a ten minute walk from Sylvia’s house.
 The next couple of weeks, I only saw Eric on Sundays, his day off, and when I stopped by in the evenings, I would find him lying on his bed, reading.
 Sylvia’s Catholic Bible.
 Or Dickens’ Tale of Two Cities, in which Sydney Carton goes to the guillotine as a willing sacrifice for people he loves.
 Or Joseph Conrad’s Heart of Darkness, about a fellow who, deep in an African jungle, encounters the hellish depravity of human nature, and assumes it as his own.
 Eric listened to me as long as I wanted to talk.
 But he didn’t care to talk much himself, except about how this expulsion had transformed him.
 He was learning what it meant to work full days, to budget money, and generally act responsible.

 , he was getting out of the car safely in the first place, and he was learning to work the kitchen, bathroom, laundry, school, bathrooms, and other things, and he was learning to work hard and go to school. He was learning to drive and work at the office, and
-
There was just no way to know if I'd made the right choice in leaving when I did.
 Would Cassie hate me a little less because we were both potentially in Jasmin's crosshairs, or would she hate me all the more because I'd seen her humiliated and forced to back down?
 I finally finished the little can that represented my lunch.
 I wasn't particularly hungry, but I couldn't lose much more weight without Mom dragging me into a doctor.
 Besides, it gave me an excuse to try and ignore the fact that half of the people in the room seemed to be staring at me when they thought I wasn't looking.
 I finally worked up enough courage to look across the cafeteria as I peeled the label off of the can.
 Alec wasn't at his usual place, but Brandon was at his normal table, surrounded by a smaller than normal group.
 The discussion looked way more intense than normal, and seemed to center around him and Cassie.
 It was all so crazy.
 Two weeks ago my life had revolved around my inability to think of certain things without collapsing.

 't want to go to the doctor without crying, I didn't want to leave, I wanted to leave, I didn't want to quit work, quit work, work, work, work..............but the whole thing was
-
“I’m going to take a shower.” She couldn’t believe what she’d done.
 She could almost excuse herself for kissing Rick in Hollywood, say that he’d been part of the dream.
 But this morning .
 .
 .
 this morning she hadn’t even thought about walking in the garden, she’d kissed Rick as casually as if she did it every morning, and she'd worn nothing but his pajama top to breakfast without giving it a thought.
 She'd acted as if .
 .
 .
 as if they were married.

 acted as if they were engaged... as if if... as if they were engaged.<eop> But this morning, in the garden, she'd taken him in her arms and said, ”.....
-
With a last confused look from Rodregas, Audrian and the other two headed back towards the nearest town.
 The three talked little as they traveled.
 Rodregas set a hard pace and Imeralda sat in the back of the wagon.
 Doi’van weighed too much to ride in the overburdened wagon or to ride the horse, so he jogged next to the wagon.
 He had impressive endurance.
 Right before dark Rodregas was watching carefully and found the faint signs of the rocky trail that he remembered.
 He turned the cart onto it, and after going down the path a bit he came across a good place to camp for the night.
 As Doi’van and Rodregas set up camp, Imeralda went back, doing her best to erase their tracks.
 After dinner they all took turns sleeping and keeping watch.
 Rodregas took the first watch and several times he thought he saw something.

 a few miles down the road, Imeralda saw the first wagon a mile and a half away and then the back of the wagon a couple of miles to the east. He quickly moved to the third wagon and Imeralda continued to watch as they turned back on the dirt road.
-
Heck, use your powers on her every time you stop by.
 That was amazing!"
 Brandon chuckled and reached over to run a finger across my palm.
 "I didn't do anything special.
 Your mom seems like a very sensible person."
 I almost choked.
 "I love my mom, but she's the least sensible person ever.
 She spends half of her time in a different universe entirely, and only occasionally worries about the same kinds of things as other parents."
 "Ah, a dreamer, but one who still freaks out when it comes to her daughter and boys.
 Maybe she was just struck by my obvious good nature."

 ""."","""",""","""."""."""""."".""".""""".""".""."""."""""."
-
He stared at the problem in the largest cell.
 There, sprawled on the floor, were the two female Dire Cats that had been used to trap the Celestial lion.
 Rodregas swore that as soon as he looked at the cats, they were already looking at him straight in the eye.
 The large green eyes demanded something of him even as the animals lay in apparent complete relaxation, sprawled on the stone floor.
 He had to let them out, but how was he going to do that?
 If he simply opened the door, they might tear him apart.
 Rodregas thought the cats may also attack the guard at the front gate on their way out.
 He looked around and realized that the other side of the hall had a door that opened in the same direction as the door leading to the cage.
 He opened it up and thought that if he opened the Dire Cats’ door, he could block them from this direction, while keeping himself safe behind the two doors.
 He knew the guards at the gate would be incredibly curious about what he had been doing, but they would not actually do anything to challenge the man they thought was the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.

 regas wondered if he was actually going to open the cage door, he was not sure, but he was pretty sure that if he knew he was going to do, he was going to do it with the rest of his strength that was already making a mark on the walls of the cage.<eop>
-
He gave me a face and said, “Your hair keeps getting in my face.” I turned back around.
 “Deal.” We turned in the air and I could see the mountains in the distance.
 They were small but were growing fast as we neared them.
 I could feel the dragon’s muscles pump underneath my legs.
 Small gusts of air rolled off the dragon’s wings that blew Emily’s hair in her face.
 I smiled as she raked the pink strands out of her mouth.
 We dipped down and I felt the “stomach-in-your-chest” feeling you usually get from rollercoasters.
 I closed my eyes and tried to ignore it but I couldn’t.
 I hated this feeling just as much as I hated puking, and the chills that liked to run up my spine at random times.
 Then all of a sudden, the dragon stopped.

 down on me, I opened my eyes, and the dragon was down at the top of my head. I watched the dragon stroking the hair. He gave me a face and said, “You keep stroking my hair.” Emily tried to help him up and he jumped on the top of me.
-
Her blush deepened, and she scrubbed her skin frantically.
 She was betrothed to Davis.
 She lived in 1927.
 She was going back.
 Then she'd be able to talk to her mother about any confusing feelings that might linger.
 She put on her Egyptian-motif dress, her ugly black shoes, and even her 1927 underwear.
 Rick, thankfully, was in his own shower when she went downstairs and out to the garden.
 She didn't really think she'd be able to get back on a clear, bright afternoon, but she needed to put herself closer, emotionally at least, to home.
 "Marie?"
 Rick called as he searched the house for her.

 Yes.<eop> "Marie', who are you talking to?"<eop> She hurried out the door. This was probably the first time she'd had to walk back home without her parents and her sister to her. She wasn't even about to get out the door when she saw her
-
A smile was the only warning Chevelle gave before his blade cut the air.
 Instinct took over and I flung my arms up to block his swing with my own.
 The metal clashed and I felt the shock vibrate through me even as the peal pulsed in my ears.
 He struck again and I pulled the sword back, twisting to block another shot.
 I straightened and raised it back, surprised at how powerful I felt the moment before releasing my blow.
 I smiled as I swung at him, sure he would stop me but reveling in being attacker instead of victim.
 He wound his blade around mine, a metallic screech filling my ears as he knocked my strike aside before coming back at me.
 We continued, blow after blow, the repetitive clank forming a pattern in my head.
 Chevelle seemed to be enjoying himself as the exercise increased in intensity.
 I found I was as well.

 myself to my knees to swing at him and I tossed my blond curls to the side. I began to think about the things I had to say to him before I swung...<eop> The second that my head hit the ground, I reached up and picked up my hair. It began to
-
[section break](break.png)
 “If there was any time I needed you, Sonowin, it is now,” the elf said as he fled across the grass.
 Each breath made his chest ache.
 His right arm hung limp, and his other hand clutched his shoulder.
 He desperately needed to bandage it but had no time.
 A wave of undead moans reached his sensitive ears.
 Dieredon shuddered.
 “How many does he command?” he asked.
 He crouched as he ran, his right arm dragging against the grass.
 Under normal circumstances, he might have been able to hold his own against the undead.

 ..” He ran to the grass, the.............., and he stepped on the right arm of Dieredon, and it was like a nightmare.<eop>.... He ran across the grass, pulling his arm
-
The area under the rental house had been dug out and reinforced to grow indoor marijuana.
 It resembled an escape tunnel from a prison movie.
 None of this was intended for the eyes of a parent.
 I don’t believe mine or Thomas’s place ever looked half as bad, but if I could see the boxing ring, mismatched couches and the hanging roach clip from where I stand now, who knows what it would look like to me.
 We spent the next 12 hours cleaning, hauling and tossing.
 We rented a local storage unit and brought the furniture and clothes there but we tossed out more than we took.
 We filled nearly fifty large black garbage bags of filth and drug paraphernalia and left them for trash pickup in the alley behind the house.
 Most things of value had been stolen or pawned.
 One of these things was the expensive camera we had given him for Christmas.
 It was at the pawnshop.

 was on the side of the street. The neighbor had it to get it. It had not stolen it. It was not because it was stolen. It had stolen it. It had been stolen. The camera had been stolen. The neighbor had stolen it. It was stolen. It was stolen.
-
He was the center of attention, making all sorts of wacky dance moves.
 Occasionally he'd draw one of the girls from the crowd surrounding him and dance with her for a minute or two.
 To Marie's astonishment and euphoric delight, he grabbed her hand and pulled her into the center of the crowd to dance with him.
 "Did you see that?
 Did you see us?"
 Marie exclaimed breathlessly when she returned to Rick.
 "He danced with me!
 I danced with a movie star!"
 "I saw."
 He smiled, stroking a damp tendril of hair from her face.

 ...".....".........".".........."......."....." "......."...
-
(walks off stage.)
 Greg: They always seem to solve problems like these in Star Trek.
 Summery once again, Cindy is wearing different clothes, Greg is wearing the same thing that she’s in.
 Greg: So I’ve seen every episode of all of the Star Trek series.
 Cindy: hello
 Greg: I still have no idea what’s going on.
 Cindy:  oh it’s absolutely beautiful.
 Greg:  But I figure, if you can’t beat them, join them.
 Cindy:  I know the feeling, but too bad I can’t just call in sick
 Greg: that’s why I’m wearing this!

 ,...... Cindy: I’m so beautiful! I.... Greg: I am,, I...,,,,,,.......,,,.............
-
Am I in it?
 Did you say that I’m beautiful in your diary?
 Jim – It’s not a diary it’s a journal, there’s a difference.
 And anyways anything I put into it is classified material.
 Hush hush, need to know type information.
 Liz – Not a diary huh?
 What’s the difference between a diary and a journal hmmm?
 They seem the same to me.
 Jim – There are a lot of differences…
 Liz – Such as?

 – I just want to look at a book.... Jim – A lot of difference... Liz – There really are... differences huh? I mean, I’m going to look at a book, do I want to read it, do I want
-
For whatever reason every time I tried to work on something after I realized what it was, I completely ruined it.
 One of many reasons why I'd never really pursued drawing.
 A short time later I surfaced again and looked down to find a familiar landscape.
 The body of water had morphed into an oblong pond with a crescent island positioned almost exactly in the center.
 I still remembered the first time I'd been told a monster had taken a bite out of the island, and that was the reason it was so oddly shaped.
 The trees were all familiar too.
 I'd climbed each and every one of them at least once.
 The one on the right had taken the longest to conquer.
 I'd tried climbing it dozens of times over the years before finally making it to the top when I was thirteen.
 When I'd finally made it as high as I figured was safe, I'd worked my trembling way back down to the ground, and never felt even the slightest inclination to climb it again.

 to the ground, my feet started to shake again, and I finally realized that I couldn't think of it anymore. I had to climb it all another time. By the time that I finally made it, there was a bloody mess on it.<eop> I'd always wanted to climb it
-
I mean the way that you…
 Liz – (yelling) …I’m not listening…
 -Johnny walks in-Neither Jim or Liz see him
 Jim – (also yelling) …and then there was the rolling on the floor…
 Liz – (still yelling) …La dee da dum dee la dee da…
 Jim – …I never saw your parents so embarrassed in my life, it was great
 Johnny – Did I miss something?
 Jim – Uhh…Not really, we were just discussing who would win in an all out fight, a gang of angry circus midgets wielding pointed sticks, or the seven dwarves after they find out that Snow White is missing.
 Liz – Ah yeah, yes, that’s it.
 Ten Midgets didja say?

 Oh......oh wait, Johnny................ Oh no.... Johnny –..oh no.... Johnny......
-
BG: 	No.
 Well, sort of.
 It’s an aborted, what?, 30 seconds maybe.
 I started it in concert once, just you know, did that opening riff, and Skippy jumped in.
 Hell, Crafty wasn’t even on stage.
 It’s stupid to include that, but, yeah, they did.
 CM: 	And one or two others.
 I should have better notes here.
 BG:  	That’s ok.
 I remember.

 ...: BG: I......: No.....: I.....: No. I...... No..... I....: No...: I....
-
A boot kicked his stomach, and he knew his patience was near its end.
 Visions of ripping out entrails filled his mind, and all his willpower kept him crouched there.
 A kick to the face forced him over, and he reached for the impact point along his cheek.
 A sword hilt quickly found his exposed chest.
 Rolling over only shifted the next few blows to his back.
 When the heel of a boot crushed down on his kidney, Harruq felt ready to slaughter, no longer caring if he was caught or killed.
 He would make them both pay.
 The tip of a sword pressed against the side of his neck, drawing blood from the slightest pressure.
 “He looks mad,” said the guard.
 “Died fighting us, don’t that sound right?”

 his feet, and faced the guard. Lowering his weapon to the ground, he sheathed a blade at the waist. With a stroke of hand, he drew it. The tip of his sword reached his chest, and he felt the tip of the blade being pressed against the button in his shirt
-
Then a voice rang out, “Stop, STOP, it is not him!
 It is not the Sorcerer Ravenhurr.” It was a woman’s voice.
 Then a much deeper voice, one that seemed half growl, responded, “She is right.
 This is no sorcerer we fight.” The voice was from his present combatant, the only one who had proven to be dangerous to him.
 “She is right,” Rodregas said, “I am not Ravenhurr.” “We don’t know that,” challenged another voice from the dark.
 As he stepped forward he recognized the shape of the large aggressive man that Rodregas had first thought was the leader.
 “If he is not Gerald, then he must be Ravenhurr.” There was a silent response to that statement, but finally one of the other men lit a torch and held it up.
 Rodregas quickly realized that in front of him were five of the eight prisoners who had been held in the dungeon.
 “How did you track me here?” Rodregas asked.
 The one with the torch waved it over toward the lone female of the group, the half AElfin maiden from the tower.

 to see her, though, it was a woman from the dark side, the one with the torch staring at the ground. “You are....” “.... “...”. “.....”. “......
-
"I'm not mad."
 "Good."
 He drew her into his arms, bending to kiss her.
 Her mouth tasted so good, felt so warm and soft.
 He'd give anything to keep her here with him, to marry her and make love to her and spend the rest of his life with her.
 Remembering that she’d said she liked being kissed on the neck, he moved to press his lips to her neck, kissing, nibbling, sucking.
 Marie gasped, threading her fingers into his hair.
 His hands slid down her back, pulling her hard against him, reminding her of how he'd pinned her against his car last night.
 Moaning at the pleasure of the contact, she wrapped her arms around him, wanting to get even closer to him.
 Rick covered her mouth with his again, his kiss so hot and thorough and demanding that it elicited more moans from her.

 ....." he groaned. He pressed his face to her mouth, his tongue pressing down to her mouth.<eop> "...."........"......"."....".<eop> "
-
Jim – We just need to have a talk.
 Johnny – Right.
 About what?
 Jim – Well, important things.
 Johnny – I already know all about sex.
 Jim – Alright…
 Johnny – I probably get more action than you do.
 Jim – Really?
 That’s hard to believe.
 Johnny – Sod off.

 ... Jim – Jim Jim – Okay, we need a talk. Jim Jim... Jim Jim – That’s Jim... Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Johnny – Yeah – Right, but that’s Jim Jim
-
Marie shrugged his hands off.
 Wiping her face, she turned to look at him.
 "If I'm in love with you, how will I bear it when I go home?"
 He stared at her.
 "Go home?"
 "Yes.
 I missed Davis when I first came here, and I never felt for him like--" "Marie."
 He pulled her into his arms, hugging her tightly.
 "I don't want to cause you pain.
 But I can't help it that I love you.

 """ "" """ "Don't--" """ "" """" """"" "" """ "" """" "" """ "
-
Keep in mind, all I wanted to do was play my guitar and write songs.
 And I was writing at an astonishing clip and artists were picking up on it, and, well, the money started coming in.
 See, in a way, I was fortunate.
 I never had to sack groceries at Piggly Wiggly or teach school, or cut lawns.
 Writing songs, I learned early, brought in the bucks.
 And a lot of the talent coming out of Nashville, well, a lot of those guys were singing my stuff.
 See, at that time, everyone wanted to play and sing, but not everyone could write.
 So I wrote.
 And, even if we never performed any of it, which we didn’t, they were my songs, and they were popping up on the radio.
 Sebastian did, “Lemmy Caution’s Incubus,” and I think that was really the start of it.

 , I was just a musician. I was a songwriter. I had the music I had in my mind. I was playing, and I was writing. When I recorded my music, I knew what the song line was. I was singing it, and I knew who I was. I was
-
I could hear nothing but a piercing squall.
 I willed my eyes open, though only a fraction.
 I was looking at the back of a horse from my position slung over someone’s shoulder.
 My eyes closed once more as the pain doubled and I lost my body for a moment.
 I concentrated until I got it back and then realized I was bouncing.
 I worked my eyes again, using every ounce of control I had left.
 I was on a horse, running.
 Not my own.
 Chevelle was holding me in front of him, my body limp and useless.
 I fought to focus on more but was overtaken by pain.

 ......... I was..... to the front of the horse. I was.................. I was...............
-
Johnny – And the most exciting thing you have to say about their discovery is that the Mayans believed that not laughing is bad?
 Jim – Well, not the most important thing, but it’s the only one of their discoveries that has any relevance to this conversation.
 Johnny – Where the hell do you find this crap?
 Jim – Honestly?
 Johnny – Yes honestly, unless it’s just one of your big secrets.
 Jim – Ok, I just make it all up as I go along.
 Johnny – What the hell for?
 Jim – Why not?
 Johnny – Because it’s pointless.
 Jim – Maybe, but it’s also a lot of fun.

 You mean I do it? Johnny? Jim – Jim – No, yeah, but I do it. Johnny – Because it’s not the most exciting thing. Jim – That’s okay. Jim – Jim...... Jim – Jim
-
Mallory started to answer, only to break off as she was overcome with another coughing fit.
 Thankfully this one was less intense.
 "Many of the gifts aren't flashy like Brandon's strength.
 In fact, I suspect that many of the Fir'shan actually develop gifts but never realize it because they're of a less powerful nature, and are mistaken for luck, or uncommonly sharp instincts.
 Your gift seems to be that of sharing dreams."
 I gasped as I realized what Alec must have suspected for quite some time.
 "You mean that was really him in my dreams?"
 "Indeed.
 That's part of why he was so concerned you might be a powerful Fir'shan posing as a normal human."
 A tiny sound just outside the door preempted my next question.

 you there?" Alec smirked. "Yes..." "Are you?" "Yes," I answered." "Are you?" "Yes, yes." "Yes, yes, yes." Yes." "Oh yes.
-
It is true the lord works in mysterious ways.
 (walks away)
 Jim – I hate when that happens.
 Art – That was the first time for me.
 Did it happen to you before?
 Jim – Not to me particularly.
 Art – What does that mean?
 Jim – I was around someone else when it happened to him.
 Art – Who and when?
 Jim – It was Gene, during his ‘protesting God’ phase, when he would stand outside churches with a sign that said ‘God sucks’ or something like that.

 Art – Where was it? Jim – It was Gene who did that. What did that happen to him? Art – So what did it happen to you? Jim – I don’t think Gene did that to me. Jim – It just doesn’t happen. Art
-
Chevelle was not alone.
 A statuesque elf with pitch-black hair and eyes rose as I came into view.
 Not in the respectful ‘a lady entered the room’ way, but in a way that led me to believe he wasn’t happy to have me, or anyone, find him there.
 He held a long staff, gripped so tightly his knuckles whitened, and he was dressed in casual traveling clothes that didn’t seem to fit his posture.
 I found myself questioning whether it were a disguise, and then I chastised myself for wandering around in ridiculous thoughts so often.
 They were watching me.
 Cursed brain fog.
 I stood there for a moment, unsure if I should leave the room after I had so obviously interrupted or pretend I had a mission and make my way to Ruby’s room.
 I clearly wasn’t welcome there.
 Neither spoke, so I lowered my gaze to the floor, taking the shortest route to Ruby’s door and closing it hastily behind me.

 ’t go to the door. I didn’t need to hear her speak. As long as I saw her, I didn’t belong to the woman in her room. I didn’t have the right to ask her to......if she was a stranger in the
-
I couldn’t fathom why I hadn’t considered he’d so easily be able to follow me when I’d run from there, how I’d been oblivious to the dangers of being caught.
 The shirt was fitted to my shape but of a heavier fabric, and a pair of boots was at the bottom of the stack; it must be much colder in the mountains.
 It reminded me of stepping out of the cold wet gown on the bank of the creek, finding the scroll, the map.
 Chevelle’s words echoed in my mind.
 I’m sorry, Freya.
 I let you down at the creek.
 I was distracted… should have been paying closer attention… should have prevented this… too late now.
 The smell of cooked meat cut through my thoughts.
 I ran a hand through my wet hair and walked out to the fire.
 The scene wasn’t any less impressive this time, and I sat on one of the large, flat rocks facing the lake.

 on my feet I picked up a log on the side of the wooded fire, made a pile of it, and sat in the middle of near the fire by the flames.<eop> I closed my eyes, running a hand over my hair as I walked to the fire. I found the scroll and
-
When the guards charged in to stop the shooting, then it would be his turn to strike.
 Rodregas would have to take on as many of the slavers and guards as possible.
 It would do little good to get caught up in a one-on-one battle; the odds were too many against them.
 He had to use his new strength and speed and go after multiple targets.
 Rodregas focused on his breathing, he needed his body ready.
 He rested his body against the tree, trying not to tense up, and breathed deep and slow.
 Quicker than he thought, Doi’van’s black bow came up and he started to shoot.
 The Black Yew bows were an incredible advantage, they had been the pride of Raven Keep and were among the most dangerous and rare weapons that the Nymphs used to protect themselves.
 Those bows had primarily been ornamental trophies for Ravenhurr; Rodregas thought that they symbolized a previous victory.
 Only a few of the guards would have had the power to use them and Ravenhurr kept guards with even small power away from the keep.

 none of the guards were going to use it, Rodregas got up and picked up the bow, then took it with it, then brought the black bow up to the tree, and then put down the bow and went back to the top of the tree. He was ready.<eop> When the
-
I didn’t know.
 I’m sorry.
 Let’s talk about you.
 (garbled)
 CM: 	So, it’s ok to say that you had a complete nervous breakdown at this time?
 BG:  	Yeah, sure.
 That’s what it was.
 I found myself with existential nausea, the kind you wake up with in the morning and it’s all over you like an animal and there’s nowhere to go because the beast is you.
 I often backed myself into a corner and curled there like a fetus, as if covering my balls and stomach were protection, as if I feared some attack of a physical nature.
 This is what the fear does to you.

 It is what invades your body. It is everything, it is everything. I want to tell you, here’s what happened. I want to tell you, this is the time that I was terrified. I am sorry for this. I am sorry for what this did to you. This
-
He was too weak to live.
 David and I died in an ambush of what was left of Kojas’ army.
 Mackenzie died from a fatal fall, I don’t remember how.” “Oh,” I said and rubbed my neck.
 “I don’t want to be rude, but do you need to tell me anything else?
 I have to try to come up with a few explanations for back home.” A lot of explanations.
 June walked towards me until she was standing right in front.
 I could almost see through her body, which was really starting to freak me out.
 “You have to get back Seth,” she whispered.
 “I know David was supposed to see him right now and I know he’s disappointed.
 You can’t beat Kojas without the four of you.

 think you can get Seth, don’t look at me.”<eop> “No.”<eop> “I will take him to Seth,” June said. “No, Im.. Im, Im, Mackenzie, Im, Im, Im. I don’t think
-
"It was just the heat here.
 I'm not used to it.
 Now please put me down."
 Alec looked at me doubtfully, then took a deep, no doubt calming breath, and shrugged.
 The movement seemed too casual, almost as if he was angry, but trying to hide it.
 I wanted to try and make eye contact to test my hypothesis, but was afraid of what I'd see.
 The tingling was spreading, no doubt a bad sign.
 Maybe I'd hit my head even harder than I thought.
 "It was all just a game for you, wasn't it?"
 There was anger behind the voice now, subtle, like the scent of rain the night before a storm, but definitely there.

 I think.<eop> "It wasn't a game for you. It was just a game for me," Alec said. "It was a game." I glanced at him, at myself, at the knots in his hair, and he helped me up. I didn'
-
I'm sorry about that, I was afraid you were going to hurt yourself."
 Alec's even tones caressed me like a calming breeze.
 I finally oriented myself enough to realize that the warm, solid surface my back was resting against wasn't a wall.
 "I'm sorry.
 It was a nightmare."
 My voice came out raw and scratchy, like I'd been talking for hours, or possibly just screaming for the last minute or so.
 I wanted to tell him about what had happened, but now that I was awake my fears felt foolish.
 I tried to distract myself by looking around, and then felt my face heat up as I realized I'd fallen asleep in Alec's room.
 "I'm so sorry, Alec.
 Donovan and Rachel told me you had copies of our textbooks in here.

 , but I didn't."<eop> "?"<eop> "I know, Rachel," I wailed.<eop> He quickly nodded. "I know, too, Alec, and I'm sorry. I don't understand. "?" "Yes.
-
I was a little dense—this was, oh, I don’t know, before Lorelei, before we really hit big.
 And, then afterwards, one of those driving home epiphanies, I figured out who she was, and that she was looking at me because she recognized me and expected me to recognize her.
 So, I was a bit embarrassed and when I got home, I called her.
 I said, hey, it’s Buddy.
 I know, she said.
 I said, well, shit, you know, in the restaurant, I’m sorry, I didn’t remember who you were, and I thought, damn, this is embarrassing, but, I thought you were staring at me, you know, to get my attention, to get my heterosexual attention.
 And, well, then I remembered, of course, that I knew you through the Tickles.
 And she said, I wasn’t just looking at you because I expected you to remember me.
 You know, you’re not bad to look at.
 I could have looked all night, she said.

 Buddy, I thought, Buddy, I thought, Buddy, I..<eop> I thought, Buddy. I thought,.. I thought, oh, you got it, Buddy. He said, hey, I’m sorry, I thought,.. I
-
I mean, sometimes the names lie, but if you ever see version of Hamlet rated Adults Only, well then you know that they went off the beaten path a bit with their interpretation.
 Karen – An adult rated version of Hamlet, I wonder if that has been done yet.
 Art – My wife took me to see one when we were dating.
 I think it scarred me for life.
 Karen – Your wife took you to that?
 She must be adventurous.
 Is she here?
 I’d like to meet a woman like that, she must be very interesting.
 Art – Sorry, she isn’t here.
 Last I heard, she was on her way to a convent in Switzerland.

 – I don’t know that she’s here. Karen – Karen.... Is she here?... – Karen... – Karen... – Karen...
-
"That's not necessary .
 .
 . "
 He turned back to look at her.
 "Would you rather I didn't?"
 She smiled.
 "I'd rather that you did."
 He returned with a novel that he pretended to read.
 His mind was replaying all the day's events, and he kept peering at Marie over the top of the book.
 She'd washed her makeup off, and she looked like a child, her lashes dark against smooth, rosy skin, one small hand beneath her cheek.

 about the snow, the brooks, the rain, the sunsets, the sun, the sea, the wind, the valleys, and the mountains, and Marie returned to the top of the book. She was still crying, laughing, and crying, and she was staring at the snow
-
Now that they were betrothed, maybe he'd kiss her all the time.
 CHAPTER TWO
 "Lauri says to be there by 7:30 tomorrow night.
 We'll eat about 8:00."
 Rick sighed.
 "Ted .
 .
 ."
 "Don't worry--you'll like Sharon.
 She hates being set up as much as you do."

 ." He smiled and laid his eyes on Sharon. "Ted will.. stay with me." Sharon..." "You'll fall in love." Then he set the plates down on the table.<eop> " Sharon..
-
“We will clean it, but first we must drain the body.”
 The two dug through dressers upstairs, grabbing old and expensive robes and shirts.
 They then dragged the body outside to where the deceased elf had kept a private garden.
 Thick brick walls guarded against any prying eyes.
 They dug a large hole in a corner and then bled the body dry, letting the fluids soak into the dirt.
 Occasionally, they would halt and listen, worried their violent struggle had reached unwanted ears.
 No curious investigators arrived, however, and they continued with their dark deed.
 When the blood dripping from the elf’s wounds became but a trickle, they filled the hole and moved on.
 Using the clothes and robes from upstairs, the two brothers wiped away as much of Ahrqur’s blood as they could.
 They tossed the bloody clothes, the table, and the pieces of glass they into the fireplace and burned them.

 , still in the remains of Ahrqur’ blood, the brothers lit a large fire and threw the body into the fireplace.<eop><eod> In the room of which the elf was still in his blood, the room of which was where both living elf and dead elf were in the
-
Massive stones rising high above.
 Dark leather, tight against my skin.
 Cloaks flowing in the wind, forming a circle and then massing together, threatening.
 Black hair glistening with sweat in the moonlight and rolling in rhythm as the horse ran, its mane rocking hypnotically with the motion.
 Its heavy equine smell, so unlike any other.
 I clung to Chevelle’s strong back as we rode at full speed.
 The wind and rain cut at my face, my eyes sore, cheeks streaked with tears and ash.
 I woke startled to the sound of laughter.
 It took several minutes to gather my thoughts enough to know where I was.
 In bed… at Ruby’s.

 .... in the bed... in the bed. in the bathroom.... in the bathroom.. in the bathroom... in bed... in the bed... in the bathroom... in the bathroom..... in the bathroom
-
It was a warcry against all life._
 _“For Qurrah!
 For Qurrah!”_
 _As the vision faded, one last sight burned into Qurrah’s mind: it was he, dressed in deep robes of black, his eyes glowing a bloody crimson._
 “That was Veldaren,” Qurrah said as Velixar’s fingers pulled back.
 He felt awe and fear at the sight of the magnificent city ablaze.
 “I want all of Neldar to burn,” Velixar said, his deep voice rumbling.
 “Will you aid me?”
 Such a great request, a desire for destruction that most would hesitate before.
 For Qurrah, though, it was a fate he had long expected.

 " Veldaren," "Neldaren," Velixar," "",""," Neldar,"," ","","," "". "That was," "That was,"
-
“Fannie said there was some trouble with Evelyn?” I asked.
 “Yes.” There was something in her tone I didn’t recognize.
 “She’s fine now.” “I was… yesterday, I saw her.” “Yes.” She half-smiled.
 “Don’t worry yourself, Freylinda.
 Come now, let’s study.” I hesitated.
 Evelyn had mentioned me, but not accusingly?
 Surely Junnie would have more to say.
 She placed a gentle hand on my shoulder and led me in.
 “What shall we do today?” I went back over our conversation, trying to find some meaning.
 Inspiration, or maybe distraction, hit me as I recalled the dark-headed stranger.

 ..... he found me in a dark, corner of the hallway. I was back to the dark...<eop> ***<eop> “Flinda... please...” I called out to her. I didn’t recognize her. I was back to the dark
-
She'd known one of the eight contestants in the first Miss America contest in 1921, and she'd followed the Scopes trial in 1925 with shocked fascination.
 He told her that all 50 states--"Fifty!"
 she exclaimed--had Miss America representatives in a contest that was televised every year, along with a Miss Universe contest, and that evolution was taught in most schools now, alongside creation in some parts of the country.
 She told him that she'd always wanted to see Josephine Baker's stage show and Louis Armstrong and his trumpet, and he told her that anyone truly talented and/or popular now eventually did a television special.
 She told him about the excitement over the discovery of King Tut's tomb in 1922, and as she was explaining how it had inspired the Egyptian motif of her dress, she glanced around and realized how out of style she was.
 "Dresses are sometimes quite short," she observed, "but not all of them.
 And I never would have believed that women would wear trousers in public without causing a stir!"
 "You should see the bathing suits."
 "They're shorter than the dresses?"
 He laughed.

 for a moment. "I wanted to see the bathing suits." "You're not crazy, aren't you?" "No. This isn't me," she replied with a smile. "I want to know what she's doing here."
-
“What demon magic is this?” he asked.
 “Mine,” said Qurrah.
 And then blood poured out from the face of the lone elf.
 The eyeballs hit the ground before the dead body did.
 “Hurry,” the necromancer said.
 “This is but a taste of what we must do.”
 “Very well,” Harruq said.
 He tried to follow but the pain in his side stopped him.
 He clutched his bleeding side and breathed deeply.
 His armor had saved him, but the elf had managed to penetrate deeper than he thought.

 .. and the...., and the... and the, and the... and the. and the... and and the..., and the..., and the..., and the
-
It was hard to still be disbelieving when it was hanging from the door just a few feet from me, but I was giving the effort my best shot.
 Its green, silky beauty seemed to be mocking me.
 There was no way I was going to be able to pull off a dress like that.
 Even assuming it didn't fall off of me, I was still going to look like a walrus.
 "Stop fidgeting, Adri.
 It's just a dance, not a funeral, and if you don't hold still your makeup isn't going to turn out right."
 Rachel poked me in the ribs, and then went back to work on the last few details of my 'new and improved' look.
 I'd actually been trying to sneak a look in the mirror to find out how everything was shaping up, but it wasn't worth trying to explain.
 With the pall that'd descended over the pack once we'd made it back, it was almost certain she wouldn't believe me.
 Nobody even knew where we'd gone, but they'd keyed off of our mood faster than I would've believed possible.

 I hadn't been wearing a dress in a long time, so it was still quite a shock. My hair wasn't in a bob, but I was pretty sure the bob was still a little shorter than Rachel's. At the same time, it wasn't easy to get the
-
She didn't respond, pulling away from him to carry the glasses to the table.
 With a sigh he took plates from the cabinet.
 Marie put two wontons on her plate.
 "Did I ever tell you about my wedding gown?"
 "Your mother’s?"
 "Yes.
 It's beautiful.
 It's covered with lace and pearls, and it has a 15-foot train.
 But the important thing is that it was my grandmother's.
 She wore it, and then my mother wore it.

 .."" """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""..""""...""""<eop> Marie walked back to the table.
-
“Frey, we need to talk with you about something.” Oh, perfect.
 I waited, and he proceeded carefully, “You know you are bound.” “Yes,” I agreed, even though I wasn’t clear how I was partially bound.
 I could use some magic, I had lost some memories.
 No, that isn’t true, is it?
 I couldn’t really remember anything from before the village.
 Anything except the dreams.
 “And I’m sure you want to be unbound?” Why is that a question?
 “Of course.” He nodded as if he were going down a checklist.
 “We know council has bound you.” I waited for the next detail, my fingers curling into my palms.
 “And we know they must be the one or ones to unbind you.” Some part of me realized the seriousness of the conversation, but all I could do was listen.

 . and he spoke to my mind. “If you say you want to talk about it, or deny it, you will be bound, and they will...... Do you want to be bound you?” I asked ekly. “Yes... Yes, yes
-
Greg: that’s why I’m wearing this!
 Cindy: I’m a professional rodeo clown.
 Greg: I was going to wear some makeup.
 Cindy:  it’s both, it’s a fantastic adrenaline rush, the bull and the crowds all watching you, it’s like being an action hero or a firefighter or something.
 Greg:  But I couldn’t find a lipstick that matches my complexion.
 Cindy:  really, what do you do?
 Greg:  Actually I did find a lipstick that matches my complexion, I just didn’t want to go that far yet.
 Cindy:  Really?
 Have you ever met him?
 Greg:  How do you stand to wear these clothes?

 Do you just stand to..... . Greg: I mean, seriously, but what do you do?....... Greg: really, what do you do, but you wear a lot of
-
I would tell him later when all was well .
 .
 .
 hopefully.
 If not, I needed to tell my wife to tell him how much I loved him, just in case.
 She broke down and I left the house before she had recomposed herself.
 I received my first instructions at the police station.
 Told to follow two undercover cars to the back of a nearby hotel, we were met by about a dozen different police officers in varying attire.
 Some were in marked squad cars but most looked like everything from an ordinary guy to a punk with a beanie on his head.
 Scruffy beards to cleanly shaven, they were an unlikely melting pot of law enforcement.

 , I said, the back,,, to the back, the front, to the,,, to the back,, the back,, to the back, to the,, the back to the... the back. The rest of the
-
It wasn’t love but it was something between the sacred and the profane.
 Some say Lorelei was responsible for the beginning of the slide downward for Buddy, filling his head with ideas of stardom, of leaving the backwash of Memphis and making it in a real town like L.A. or Boston.
 Buddy listened to Lorelei, we know that, for better or worse.
 Let’s hearken back to a happier image.
 A small recording studio.
 A three-piece band, occasionally four when Jim Dickinson stops by and plays a little keyboards.
 A 20X20 room covered in egg-cartons.
 The preternatural silence beforehand.
 The prelude.
 The creation of something new.

 ......... of<eop> “............................” of<eop> “.......”<eop> “......
-
I finished it as well and started to lean back.
 There was a pillow behind me now, keeping me in a sitting position.
 It was soft.
 Everything surrounding me felt warm and smooth.
 I opened my eyes gingerly.
 I was in a bed.
 A very nice bed.
 I looked up to see several people leaving.
 Steed?
 Grey?

 ... holme? Grey? No, now that I had turned into a room, I wasn’t actually in a bed. I was just in a bed........ Grey.<eop> I held out my breath, and stood with my back
-
"Why don't you go wash your face and then get a glass of water?"
 She didn't want to get off his lap, but she couldn't kiss him while she had hiccups.
 So she kissed his cheek and then headed for the bathroom.
 Rick leaned back with a sigh.
 He understood her mixed emotions.
 But he knew he could make her happy if she stayed here with him.
 She was everything he'd ever wanted in a woman, and he couldn't bear the thought of losing her.
 Surely it would be easier to convince her to stay now that she'd decided not to marry Davis.
 He knew she was extremely attracted to him.
 Her response to him this afternoon had been passionate and unrestrained.

 in her heart wanted him to keep her. If she left him, he wouldn't let her out of the back of his mind.<eop> She got out of the shower. They went to the living room. Rick climbed into the "flat" bed. She sat on her side with her
-
[section break](break.png)
 “It is a beautiful blade,” Harruq said, examining the elven weapon that had belonged to Ahrqur.
 They were killing the final hour before dark.
 Then they would hoist the wrapped body onto Harruq’s shoulder and sneak out of town.
 Qurrah sat meditating in a corner while Harruq yammered to himself.
 The blade was in one hand, the decorative scabbard in the other.
 “He was a skilled swordsman,” Qurrah said.
 “He was also arrogant.
 I would expect such a blade from one like him.”
 Harruq shrugged.

 really looks beautiful to me. All the swords, the swords, the sword, the swords, the sword, the swords, the sword, the sword, the and the sword, a sword, a sword, a sword, a sword, a, a sword, a sword,
-
Not proper, really, but not immoral."
 He reached out to squeeze her hand.
 "Listen to yourself, Marie.
 You're describing a crush, not love.
 He's tall, he's handsome, he makes you feel romantic--you don't love him!
 He's like a movie star."
 She withdrew her hand, her eyes flashing.
 "You don't know.
 He works with my father, he's already like a member of the family--" "Let him be a brother.
 Romance isn't everything, Marie, and if that's all you have, it doesn't even last very long.

 """ "" " "" "" "" " " """ not bad, really," "" "" " " "" "" "" "" "" ""
-
Everyone knew what he was doing, including my mother, but she just didn’t want to admit it to herself, and there was nothing she could do to stop it anyway.
 Later, I watched the evening news and saw reporters standing outside Thomas’s house announcing a record cocaine bust.
 Thomas was sentenced to several years in a federal penitentiary in Texas.
 He would have spent far more time if he hadn’t set up his dealer, who was an even bigger fish in the drug world.
 One of the hardest things I have ever done is accompany my mother to Texas to visit her son, my brother Thomas, in prison.
 Over the years I have seen her strive to survive situations no person should ever be subjected to, but this visit crushed her.
 The plane ride there was difficult and we spoke very little.
 The town was a dump of cheap motels and crappy food joints tailored towards the needs of those who visited convicted criminals in this maximum-security prison.
 Walking her through the doors as they searched us both was humiliating.
 I couldn’t take my eyes off of my mother as the event itself seemed to drain the life out of her.

 got to the airport, we rented a room and the scanners moved us all the way up to another room. She was there until the room was full, the security changed and she had to move back to where she was in it. When we finally arrived, the doors were shut and the guards
-
Art – Is that what they called it?
 Karen – What do you mean?
 Art – Last I had heard they hadn’t decided on a name.
 Yes this is Elizabeth Struan’s show, assuming that is what you’re looking for.
 Karen – Yes, that’s the one.
 Art – Well you’ve found it, feel free to fill out the critique form when you’re done, she enjoys hearing what others think of her work.
 Karen – Where are they at?
 Art – Over there by the exit, pens and all.
 The pens are free supplied by the gallery, so make sure you snag one as a souvenir.
 Karen –I might do that.

 – Well I want to show you this...<eop> Art – Karen – Well I want to show you this piece. Art – Over by the door. The gallery – Feel free to look at the wall, if it’s where you want to see it.<eop> Karen
-
You see, the devil came for me.” “No.” Helga covered her face with both hands and peeked out.
 “Yes ma’am.
 He came right up and knocked on my door.” “But you didn’t let him in?” “Well, I wasn’t going to, but one look at that hunk of a man, and he got me in his spell.
 I hardly remember what happened.
 All I can tell you is, when I woke up in his arms this morning, I jumped out of his clutches and ran straight to here.
 You want to go home with me after the shift?
 If he’s still hanging around, maybe you can chase him off.” By now, Helga was wringing her hands.
 Her eyes had misted over.
 She was about as bright as the girls in blonde jokes.
 But she was a darling, generous and kind.

 , ”,...” “Yes, sir... “ sir, ” sir, “....”, “....”, “...” “...”....”...”.
-
I opened my eyes, afraid he could somehow hear the overworked muscle, already flushing red with embarrassment, only to find a gentle smile waiting for me.
 If there was any insincerity to the expression, I was utterly unable to detect it.
 I cleared my throat, seeking to avoid the awkwardness that always followed these kinds of moments, but Brandon effortlessly defused all of that by opening my door and helping me into the car.
 "I'm sorry I wasn't around yesterday.
 Some things came up that demanded my attention."
 The music was lower than usual, a possible sign he wanted to talk?
 "Did you manage to resolve them successfully?"
 Again that incredible smile flashed across his face.
 "They were touch and go for a little bit, but I'm most pleased with how everything worked out."
 I'd spent all of Monday in a daze, and felt much the same now, only this time it was a daze of good fortune.

 I was really pleased," Brandon told me. "It was the best day for me, and getting better." Good. "I'm really happy."<eop> "Oh, I'm not," now. "Okay," I said.<eop> "
-
[Epilogue](Chapter_epilogue.html)
 [Note from the Author](Chapter_note_from_author.html)
 * Title Page Title Page{{{1 THE WEIGHT OF BLOOD
 David Dalglish Smashwords Edition
 * Books by David Dalglish Books by David Dalglish{{{1 BOOKS BY DAVID DALGLISH
 THE HALF-ORC SERIES
 _The Weight of Blood_
 _The Cost of Betrayal_
 _The Death of Promises_
 _The Shadows of Grace_

 "<eop> "<eop> "<eop> " "<eop><eop> " "<eop> <eop> "<eop> " "<eop> _<eop> by:<eop> By:<eop><eod> _<eop> by:<eop><eop> _<eop> by:<eop> _<eop> by:<eop> By:<eop><eod> In
-
Marie jumped, looking up at Rick.
 "Good morning."
 She glanced out the window and realized she must have been sitting there for nearly 30 minutes.
 "Have you been out to the garden already?"
 "No."
 She stood and went to him.
 "I want to go home--" "I know, sweetheart."
 He caressed her hair, wishing he knew how to comfort her.
 "I want to go home, but I also want to go to Hollywood."
 He chuckled.

 said, "I want to."" "Yes." Marie smiled warmly at him, blushed, and looked him in the eye. "I know." She sighed, "................"
-
Nobody else seemed to think that was unusual, which freaked me out almost as much as Ben having nearly gone over the stairs.
 At least I didn't have to listen to all of the gossip during lunch.
 Once I'd been able to hobble down the stairs, I'd made my way to Mr. Whethers' room, and I'd spent the entire lunch break studying.
 I hadn't been especially excited at the prospect of spending that long by myself, but the cafeteria was all the way on the other side of the school.
 Limping over there listening to Vincent run his mouth and then coming all the way back here for History wouldn't be worth it.
 History being what it was, I probably heard about as much in that one hour as most everyone else did during the whole rest of the day.
 Mr. Simms seemed especially dense, and pretty much let everyone do whatever they wanted for the entire class.
 In deference to my new dedication to academic excellence, I finished up the reading, and then opened up my Biology book and started trying to get a handle on all of the items I'd thought I understood, but apparently hadn't.
 When the bell rang I limped back to my locker before making my painful way to Physics.
 I almost turned around and left when I saw the substitute again, but almost two decades of ingrained respect for authority figures propelled me into the room and to my seat.

 , the guy beside me was the one of the few people here that I could sit with and listen to and talk to. It was the only one in the room, and he was right. And he was right. He was the only person who'd ever teach the class.<eop><eod> The
-
She released a shaky sigh, hiding her hands in her lap.
 "Everything you do makes me feel this way.
 When you kiss me, when you kiss my neck, when you pressed me against the car.
 And yesterday when you kissed my back.
 No one else has ever made me feel like this.
 How can it be that your kissing my back makes my heart pound harder than Davis' kissing my lips?"
 "Because you love me."
 He would have loved to answer all her questions, but he knew she'd be embarrassed.
 She shook her head, still unable to understand how having her finger in his mouth could make her entire body throb and burn.
 Needing to push the feeling away, she rose and started to clear the table.

 You love me," she whispered. He put a finger in her ear, and gestured her to stand. "Come."<eop> He sat on the edge of the table, smiled, and pulled a chair.<eop> "I want you to talk,?" he asked. "
-
My voice came out raw and scratchy, like I'd been talking for hours, or possibly just screaming for the last minute or so.
 I wanted to tell him about what had happened, but now that I was awake my fears felt foolish.
 I tried to distract myself by looking around, and then felt my face heat up as I realized I'd fallen asleep in Alec's room.
 "I'm so sorry, Alec.
 Donovan and Rachel told me you had copies of our textbooks in here.
 I was studying and must have fallen asleep.
 Please don't think..." I felt tears start to gather at the corner of my eyes, but there wasn't any way to tell whether they were attributable to simple terror, acute embarrassment, or a combination of the two.
 Alec's arm was back, and he gently hugged me against his chest.
 "It was all just a dream, and you don't have anything to be sorry about.
 I don't mind you being here.

 he said softly. "But Alec, I'm so sorry."<eop> Alec was awake, sobbing, exhausted, beside me. "I'm sorry... I am sorry... You don't have to be sorry about..."<eop> "
-
Too foxy to try and control a roomful of libidos.
 She dressed like a stewardess, I remember.
 Anyway, she took one look at this patch on my ass and drew in her breath as if I had a picture of a couple fucking on my jeans—she literally turned white.
 And sent me to the office, with a note recommending my suspension.
 I laugh now, but, hell, I was a little frightened.
 I mean, I hated school, right?
 but I didn’t want to be kicked out of it.
 CM:  	What happened?
 BG:  	Tempest in a teapot.
 They called my mother.

 to look for me. BG: Nothing. I was sent to school. And I was sent to school. I was told I was raped. I was being fucked. I was fucked and beaten. I was raped. I was beaten. I raped. I was fucked. I
-
During the pause Doi’van spoke in a low growl, “All this, and can you believe there is not a decent sized Immortal Guard in the lot.
 When we finish with them I will never fit in that armor.” Rodregas smiled at the disgust in the Hellborn’s tone and the confidence that it implied.
 “True,” Rodregas replied, “but it is pretty.
 And I would love to be facing them with one of those blue steel swords.” “Now don’t go lowering your standards, blue steel and night bronze?
 Good enough for the common soldier, but I fancy something a little more distinctive.” Rodregas was about to ask him what he had in mind when they found out why they had been waiting; two more slavers came up with drawn bows.
 They were going to take them from a safe distance.
 Doi’van and he needed no words; they both knew only instant action gave them a chance.
 Rodregas would like to have tried to take on one of the Immortal Guards, but he had already noticed that the slaver with the mace was a little too close and a little too far away from his nearest companion.
 He was a skinny man with dirty hair and seemed to be having trouble holding his heavy weapon.
 Rodregas stepped in close and the slaver swung the mace with surprising force, but he met it with the shield and knocked it aside.

 he saw that he was struggling with his own weapon, Rodregas unhooked his hand from his sword and pulled it back towards the group. The slaver stood up and raised his hand to take the sword out of the slaver. Rodregas met the slaver with the shield,
-
The movement seemed too casual, almost as if he was angry, but trying to hide it.
 I wanted to try and make eye contact to test my hypothesis, but was afraid of what I'd see.
 The tingling was spreading, no doubt a bad sign.
 Maybe I'd hit my head even harder than I thought.
 "It was all just a game for you, wasn't it?"
 There was anger behind the voice now, subtle, like the scent of rain the night before a storm, but definitely there.
 I started to bristle; I even took a breath to explain what'd really happened.
 Only the truth wasn't any better than the story he'd fabricated.
 It was worse even.
 I'd much rather this cocky, spoiled, rich boy be mad at me than feel pity.

 needed to tell him something. Maybe I just needed to tell him something.<eop> But I knew he was saying something I'd never heard before. I still wanted to try to look deeper into the gesture, the face, and the voice, to hear the words, but my instinct was wrong.
-
CM:  	Would you say Hendrix influenced you then?
 BG: 	No.
 CM:  	You didn’t—
 BG:  	Influenced me?
 No.
 He didn’t influence me.
 I loved the cat, man.
 That’s enough isn’t it?
 I mean I learned from him, he learned from me, I’m still learning from Lor, you know, that’s the world, man.
 If you ain’t learning you’re dead.

 you, man. Me, man. I don’t know, you know, I just say, I don’t know you, man. You know, man? You ain’t, man.... you aint..  You ain’t.
-
Alec's smile was slightly apologetic.
 "Sorry about that.
 Would you like to listen as well?"
 My confusion earned me a chuckle.
 Alec reached over to the bedside table and picked up a remote that had more buttons on it than most laptops.
 A split second later piano music flooded the room through the myriad of speakers mounted on the ceiling.
 The piece Alec's mother was playing was incredibly beautiful, full of lilting chords of joy that seemed to stumble over each other in a cheerful effort to outdo their predecessors in greeting the audience.
 Five minutes later, she started the number over again, playing with variations on the minor notes, and Alec silenced the speakers with another click of his remote.
 "It's beautiful.
 I never realized she was so good, Alec.

 sighed. "........."",......""".........""....."...."" ".....""
-
Only Brandon's group hadn't been gossiping.
 They'd been discussing, brainstorming even.
 I didn't know what it meant.
 I didn't even know if it was a good thing.
 It made Brandon more intriguing, but he hardly needed any more help there.
 With a sigh of frustration, I walked into Physics, smiled at Mrs. Alexander, and took my normal seat.
 I could pretty much set my watch by Alec's arrival.
 Apparently it wasn't cool to be caught inside a classroom more than fifteen seconds before the bell rang.
 It was a sign of just how far removed from reality I was that he was able to sit down in the other corner before I even realized he'd stepped through the door.
 I realized I must have been woolgathering for longer than I'd thought, and reached for my notebook.

 , the book of rules. I had to. And I don't know why, but I couldn't make it in time. I had to read the rules. I needed to....<eop><eod> As I sat in the chair beside Dr. Alexander, I dragged myself to the
-
But know I will be watching you, and I will be watching your brother.
 One false move and I’ll kill you both.
 Is that clear?”
 Harruq nodded, shivering as he felt the tip of the blade rubbing against the tender skin of his throat.
 “Good.
 Pleasant days, half-orc.
 May Celestia watch over you…‌and condemn your actions to death.”
 The biting tip left his throat, the blades in the bow retracted, and then the elf vanished.
 Harruq struggled to his feet, clutching his neck as he gasped for air.
 “Damn elf,” he cursed.

 ... I shot my arrow in my own heart....” “Damn...” the biting blade left his throat. “Damnk, damn ork, I shot my arrow in my own heart.....” The ork cursed. “Damn.
-
Taking in the two groups, I was amazed at the disparity before my eyes.
 The kids behind Brandon were half again as many as the gathering behind Alec, and they were eager for the confrontation, watching with excited eyes, and large smiles.
 Alec's company on the other hand awaited the coming fight with calm exteriors and a sense they were bowing before the inevitable conflict without conceding anything to their opponents.
 They were fewer in number, but the men were larger than anyone other than Alec or Brandon, and I somehow knew even the girls were dangerous.
 With a sudden start I realized the confrontation wasn't between Brandon and Alec as I'd originally thought.
 Instead the stuck-up blonde I'd first met in the office, was squared off against a brunette less than three-quarters her size.
 As Britney pulled us even closer, almost into the dead zone between the two factions, I finally realized the smaller girl was Rachel.
 "You're going to get what's coming to you, you little slut."
 The blonde's voice sounded exactly like I'd imagined, arrogant, vindictive and only barely controlled.
 Rachel on the other hand sounded calm, speaking in tones I shouldn't have been able to hear, except the spectators were unnaturally quiet.

 to the blond, and said, "You're killing me." Then she said, "I'm going to be killing all of you."<eop> She also said, "I'm coming for you." She leaned back against the wall, and, with a
-
She saw only a goofy young man while Dieredon swore she met with a killer.
 Only one of them could be right, but who?
 Perhaps not, she wondered.
 Perhaps she saw the elf in Harruq while Dieredon saw the orc.
 The kindest man might become a brute when surrounded by other brutes.
 When Harruq was with his brother, or the strange man in black, how then did he behave?
 Could he kill?
 Could he murder?
 She had to know.
 It took a simple invisibility spell to approach their rundown home unnoticed, her feet moving silently because of her natural elven grace.

 ........... her............ her........................... her.......
-
The solid feel of his body was just as permanent as always, but there was no tingle where our skin touched.
 Almost as though sensing my thoughts, Alec hugged me tightly and buried his chin in my hair.
 "I know you don't want to hear this, but it isn't too late for you to change your mind.
 Even now, it'd be a relatively simple thing to have you halfway across the country by the time the challenge actually occurs."
 The thought of what was coming filled me with dread, but I shook my head.
 As scary as all of this was, I knew flying away and never knowing what'd happened would be worse.
 Alec was probably going to die, and all of the rest of us with him, but if he didn't, if the pack somehow managed to survive the coming crisis, I wanted to be there.
 Alec was more than capable of sending me away and then never letting me know he'd survived.
 There was a constant war inside him over what to do with me and I couldn't afford to give up my one advantage.
 He seemed less able to contemplate cutting me out of his life when I was around.

 I was fighting for my survival, but I didn't want to give up anything. I was smart, smart, strong, and I was loyal. I loved Alec, and the more that I loved Alec, the safer I felt. I was willing to risk his death, mine, and the
-
I had been left with only one option—to toss Brandon out on the street to hit bottom— because what I was doing wasn’t enough.
 Or maybe what I was doing was too much?
 I had just risked my life to help him and apparently while I was getting wired to save his ass, he had managed to get Oxy into my home and got high while I was working his undercover drug deal.
 Not only was I devastated, I was a sucker and a fool to have helped him.
 After all of the agony during detox, he was back on this shit and nothing had changed.
 My love for him and our effort and commitment to him as his parents wasn’t as strong as his desire to ingest Oxy.
 Brandon’s addiction to this drug was more powerful than anything I could offer and all the love Lisa and I could show.
 My wife woke to my screaming and she was as shocked as I was when I showed her the test results.
 Brandon had to want to get better.
 As he packed his meager belongings, I grabbed the hand held video player and replayed the footage I had taped of him detoxing.

 not see what I was doing anymore. I was not convinced that I was doing anything, but I wasn’t sure what I was seeing. I couldn’t see the extent of his addiction. I could only see that he was on the drugs, on the heroin saving his ass, and
-
“What do you mean, Jazell?” “I mean tell me what you’re hiding!” I yelled at him.
 He stood up, “I’m not hiding anything.” His voice was level but it shook slightly.
 I stepped towards him and gave him a hard shove.
 He stumbled back and fell on the ground.
 He looked up at me, waiting for what I would do next.
 “Why are you keeping a secret from me?” I repeated, my voice as cold as an icicle.
 Seth didn’t answer me, instead he did the most cowardly and annoying thing you can do.
 The idiot ran off.
 Seth pushed himself up at a surprising speed and raced off into the woods.
 I did the crazy thing that people like me would do and followed him.

 him to the edge of the tree branch and dragged him over the edge to the ground. I grabbed him, cuffed him. I shoved his head up, and hit him in the face with a shove. He jumped up from me and lay down on the ground on the edge once again.
-
"According to my father, we shape shifters were created specifically for the purpose of not being selfish, of watching out for the dayborn even at the expense of our own desires."
 "You miss your dad.
 I can tell it in your voice."
 His shrug would've been imperceptible except for the fact his arms were still wrapped around me.
 "I do.
 I don't really remember him, but I've read through his journals dozens of times.
 It seems crazy to miss what you never knew, but there are days when I really wish he were still around to give me advice.
 I think that's what I missed the most.
 That and his stories."
 I smiled.

 . "I know what that means. It doesn't always seem to bother me, but sometimes it does seem to bother you."<eop> "That's a bitch.." I leaned over his arms to his chest. ".........
-
(walks away)
 Jim – I hate when that happens.
 Art – That was the first time for me.
 Did it happen to you before?
 Jim – Not to me particularly.
 Art – What does that mean?
 Jim – I was around someone else when it happened to him.
 Art – Who and when?
 Jim – It was Gene, during his ‘protesting God’ phase, when he would stand outside churches with a sign that said ‘God sucks’ or something like that.
 Art – I remember that.

 It was Gene. Jim – I remember that for you. Jim – It was another one of us, the Gene. I want to remember that again. Art – That happened to me? Jim – I was around Gene when it did happen to me. Jim – it was
-
He scrutinized me, and I resisted the urge to straighten my hair and brush the dirt from my clothes.
 “Don’t be shy.” The stranger beckoned, gesturing to an upturned log beside the fire.
 The meat sizzled and popped as I crossed to him and sat obediently.
 It was too late to hide; I might as well at least have something decent to eat.
 Its smell was unfamiliar, but I didn’t care.
 It smelled like food.
 He reached down and tore a hunk from the spit, tossing it to me with a wink.
 When I blushed, he smiled a wicked smile.
 My mouth went dry.
 He was tall and broad with dark hair and eyes.

 ..... I was........., it was..........,.......,...... yours?” I asked, and I lowered my eyes to his face.
-
They won’t get away with this!
 Liz – Bwa ha ha ha!
 Jim & Johnny – What was that?
 Liz – That was an evil sounding laugh, I learned it from Gene.
 Jim – But why did you do it?
 Liz – It just seemed to fit into the whole mood of the conversation.
 Jim – BAH!
 You people won’t open your eyes until people in Palm Beach are drinking beer watching hockey and saying Eh.
 Will you?
 The whole world is full of blind fools who laugh at anyone who can see the truth and dare to talk about what they see.

 Johnny – – “ “.” “ ”. Jim – – “.....................
-
Even if we reached the advanced stage of technological development that enabled one-tenth of the world’s population to produce all the goods and services to which all humanity could ever aspire, what would prevent us from distributing that work in such a manner as to provide everyone with the opportunity to acquire the purchasing power to consume their share of that over-abundance?
 The main limit on the production of sufficient goods to create prosperity for all is not material, financial, or technological.
 It is the inefficiency and arbitrariness of the present economic system that fails to take advantage of the vast latent market potential of nearly half the human race.
 Give these people the chance to work and they will create the markets to provide jobs and higher incomes for everyone.
 The single act of removing the artificial subsidies and import barriers for agricultural products in industrial nations that protect the jobs of so few in the West, and deny jobs to so many in developing countries, can help realign global labour markets, creating vast scope for employment generation in the South that will act as an engine for industrial exports and full employment in the North.
 Ultimately, the achievement of peace and prosperity for all does require an enormous investment of resources, but the resources demanded are human resources that dwell within ourselves, waiting to be tapped.
 These resources can never be exhausted because the more they are drawn upon, the more they grow.
 The real challenge of development is developing people – not only in the external sense of providing them with food, clothing, good health and fresh water, but also in the inner sense of developing their awareness, attitudes, skills and values to make them more enlightened, productive and contented human beings.
 What we need today is fresh leadership in thought by our leaders to educate themselves and then the world about the opportunities of the third millennium, and then to take the actions to convert these possibilities into actualities.
 Developing our human resourcefulness is the single greatest need and opportunity of our time.

 does not need to have material resources, the growth, and development of people for the achievement of peace and prosperity is the greatest opportunity to transform the lives and the lives of other people. Developing our human resourcefulness is also the greatest opportunity to transform other people into better living people. This is especially important
-
Jim – What do you think he spent it on candy?
 Liz – Have you seen how much candy that boy eats?
 Jim – Yeah, but twenty dollars of candy is a lot of candy.
 I mean damn.
 If he could actually eat that much candy that fast shouldn’t he be like 400 pounds by now?
 Liz – Maybe he switched to some expensive imported brand of German chocolate.
 Jim – Does that make him a junkie?
 Liz – Not yet I hope.
 Jim – So what are you painting.
 Liz – I told you, “Dorks Playing Poker”.

 Playing Poker”. Liz – I told you, Jim, I didn’t do that. I didn’t just tell you, “You”... “You”.. “You”.. “you”. “You””.. ”you”..
-
Jim – Not a clue, mom caught me before had a chance to finish the comic.
 I later heard that it was considered to be both the best and worst Sumo Assassin comic ever.
 Never have been able to find another copy.
 Ah well, it doesn’t really matter.
 Johnny – Good thing you don’t really like the series.
 Jim – I never said I didn’t like the Sumo Assassin.
 Johnny – Yeah you did.
 Jim - I just said it wasn’t all that good.
 Johnny – What’s the difference?
 Jim - I like a lot of stupid things.

 – You have a stupid mind, you like lots of stupid things. I like you lots of stupid things. Jim – There’s no difference..... Jim – Jim – And what’s the difference? Jim Jim – I like lots of things. I
-
Shit.
 That was a beauty.
 And, damn, I just took off.
 Suddenly, I was Clapton, man, I was B.
 B.
 King.
 That guitar fit my hands like a woman would later.
 Better.
 And I immediately started playing all the Delta blues I could think of.
 I learned them all.

 it was the end of the world.....................................................
-
The food, like everything in the tower, was of the finest quality.
 They were fed incredible grilled silver salmon, greens from the Northern Kingdoms, and small pastries from the Korin Islands.
 Taiga seemed in no hurry to get to any point, Immortalist had nothing, if not time.
 Finally, Taiga brought up the point that Van’dret believed had gained him the honor of joining Taiga in his solar.
 “So I understand that you are to journey to the Cathedral of the Heavens for this year’s open tourney?” Taiga asked his voice as melodic as one would expect from an elf, but just a tad deeper than one would think.
 “Yes, my lord, I leave in the morning,” Van’dret replied.
 “Excellent, you will have to keep your eyes open for potential talent worthy of the Immortal Guard,” Taiga stated.
 Van’dret nodded, that was one of his main responsibilities, but it could not be why he had been invited up to Taiga’s solar.
 “I would encourage you to be careful on your trip over.
 You did hear about what happened to Ravenhurr?” asked Taiga.

 did hear that. I don’t even believe that he’s the only one to make that mistake in the heavens”, he said. The man was already at the Cathedral of the heavens, so he decided to join Taiga in the solar instead. Taiga was right. He
-
As I turned in the entryway to close the door as quietly as I had opened it, I felt a presence.
 I turned around and two hands were on my neck choking me and shoving me against the door.
 Dino, in the darkness, had a grip on my neck that he would not release.
 I grabbed his wrist and tried to push his hands off to no avail.
 I couldn’t breathe, so I couldn’t talk.
 It was oddly silent except for a pinging sound, as if someone was dropping pennies in a pan.
 It was the sound of the puka shells from the necklace I was wearing landing on the tile floor beneath me.
 Ping, ping, puh dit dit, ping.
 More of the shells fell and bounced along the tile.
 I could not get a next breath.

 I turned back in the hall, the sound was repeated over and over.......................... pee................
-
"Why?
 It isn't like anyone is going to pull us over and give us a ticket."
 It was more difficult than I expected to formulate a coherent answer while fighting off the first quivering indications of another attack.
 "She's right, Rachel.
 You should be buckled in."
 I expected her to argue with him.
 No girl on the planet liked it when her older brother sided with her friends against her, but Rachel just frowned a little before scooting back so she could do up her seatbelt.
 Was she really that scared of him?
 I stole a glance at him out of the corner of my eye.
 He didn't look threatening, well, at least no more so than usual.

 going to be........"................................................
-
Alec's voice was husky.
 "Nothing else would be appropriate.
 Not for you, not tonight."
 As we continued forward I was able to make out the other additions to the grotto.
 The hundreds of petals had been joined by a dozen of their potted sisters.
 Their rich, heavenly scent filled the air from scores of perfect, tall buds, and I found myself leaning forward slightly in Alec's arms in an effort to capture more of its essence.
 Alec circled the pool and then stopped before a wooden easel that'd escaped my notice.
 The subtle tinkling of the tiny waterfall behind us was suddenly joined by a slight, but definitely cooling breeze that dove down into the grotto before making its way back out using the path we'd just followed in.
 It didn't seem fair for things to cool off now when it was so inconvenient after so many weeks of oppressive heat.
 I was still musing over the injustice of it all when Alec shifted me around so I was held in just one arm.

 me down, forcing me to remove the easel and follow the path to the grotto. I followed the path enough to end up on the edge of the grotto by the easel, next to one of the wooden walkways to the grotto next to the pool. I
-
That Don Kirschner thing, what was it called?
 I don’t know.
 But Creedence came on.
 And there was fucking Fogerty singing “Wrote a Song for Everyone” and I just snapped back.
 It was like a puzzle piece popping into place.
 I thought, man, here’s a guy, been through the mill, right?
 and he’s singing about singing for everyone and, man, I saw that it was all so selfish, this exile, this block.
 I thought, it’s ego, is what it is.
 How dare I not write songs?
 How dare I?

 you know, it’s just a part of my life, and.., and it’s all fun and happy, and it sounds good, but it......,,,...,
-
It shook me from my stupor.
 I climbed down from my horse to stretch my legs over the trunk of a fallen tree, facing the mountain top instead of the view below, some part of me unable to accept the distance and height we had traveled.
 Chevelle led the horses to a thickset tree, its limbs stretching low and wide above the rocks.
 His hand spun to form a trough from the bark and tinder scattered beneath, the horses drinking as he used the same method to gather grasses from the sparse patches on the incline.
 Movement up the mountain caught my eye and I looked to Chevelle in alarm.
 Though he appeared calm, he was staring in the same direction.
 A dark cloaked figure advanced in the dusk, the full cape covering every part of its owner, drawn hood shielding their face.
 Chevelle nodded in greeting as I scanned the area for others who might approach.
 The stranger seemed alone, and reached Chevelle first, since he stood nearer to the horses than me.
 The newcomer whispered to him, and Chevelle’s eyes flicked my direction more than once.

 of a tree on the side of the mountain top, the stranger’s figure began to climb over the rocks and towards them. Behind them, a man emerged carrying a large wooden horse. Chevelle began to follow him to the horse, but as he got closer to the figure, he turned to
-
"Is that why you think he's wonderful?"
 "That's just part of it.
 He spent every evening with me and all weekend.
 He even came home from work earlier than he had been just to be with me.
 And he took me--places."
 She'd started to say to Hollywood, but her mother might start asking questions about exactly where she'd been and why she hadn't been able to get home.
 "We-we went to the--we went shopping.
 He bought me clothes and all kinds of interesting things.
 And he held me, Mother."
 She looked into her mother's eyes earnestly.

 Oh..." "" " " " "" " " " " " " " To the mall. " "" To the mall. "" To the mall. " To the mall." "
-
Luckily by the end of the class, Mr. Whethers had become so frustrated with the complete lack of attention being paid him by the gossipers, he'd actually started writing them up for detention.
 As class finally ended, James cracked one of the first smiles I'd ever seen grace his face.
 "Wow.
 I never would've thought anyone could push old Whethers so far.
 He just set a school record for the most detentions assigned in a single class."
 With James' considerable frame opening a route through the crowded hallway, it took almost no time to make it to my locker.
 Jasmin was waiting for me, and if she didn't exactly look overwhelmed with joy, she at least wasn't scowling.
 We were just outside Mrs. Campbell's class when a muted hiss from Jasmin alerted me to impending danger.
 I didn't realize what was happening until I felt the rising tingle of energy wash over me.
 It was both warmer and weaker than normal, and for the first time I realized that Jasmin's power was different than what I'd felt from Alec.

 about to take a break from the hallways, and I had a chance to see him, so I didn't really care about the difference. For a moment, though, I continued to be surprised and dismayed by the sudden surge of energy. I managed to pull back and keep my head
-
And Lor brought me back.
 Love.
 That’s what saved me, moved me on down the road.
 That lost time in Arkansas, that was the crux, the fulcrum that my life turned on.
 That was the deciding time, the time I became something different.
 Something better.
 I believe that, dad, I was reborn in that cabin.
 I was reborn at my woman’s breast.
 Can you dig that?
 Probably not, right, I mean, it’s private and honored so, you can’t dig, am I right?

 back to that cabin, back to the place, the place, I’m thinking about it, if it’s there, if there’s anything that’s there, that is, that’s not there, it is, it is, it’s, the place, it’
-
“You don’t… you don’t have to protect me.” I hoped it was true.
 “I can turn myself in, take myself to the village, or…” I was trying to say Grand Council, but the words stuck in my throat.
 No part of me wanted to surrender to my mother’s killers, but I could not make Chevelle suffer more than he already had.
 My hands trembled and I tightened them into fists.
 He was my watcher; he must have felt he needed to fulfill his duties, to keep his honor.
 He would finish our journey and return me to the village.
 “Freya.” He said my name as if it were tearing at him and my chest ached.
 “You don’t understand.” His eyes closed for a long moment before they found me again.
 “You can’t submit to Grand Council.
 You can never submit.” He was right, I didn’t understand.

 not understand. I was not going to submit, he wasn’t going to submit, he didn’t understand. I would protect him, I would still keep his honor, I would continue to fulfill my duty.<eop> No. I was going to protect me, I was not going to protect
-
Alec had picked me up and carried me out to a massive SUV that I'd never seen before.
 Everyone piled in, and despite the seriousness of rapidly approaching events, I fell back asleep somewhere en route to our destination.
 Apparently you couldn't drive all the way though, because we were walking again, or at least some of us were.
 I could just make out Isaac off a little ways into the darkness.
 He was in hybrid form and moving with a ground-devouring gait that was deceptively smooth.
 Flashes of movement off to either side of us, lower to the ground, made me sure the girls were all following along on four legs.
 Alec shifted me around as he realized I was awake.
 "We've still got nearly half an hour, you should get some more sleep if you can."
 I tried to argue but couldn't find the strength.
 A while later the flash of light as James and Isaac lit flares pulled me back awake.

 was in the back and out of the SUV, the girl was next to me, still wet and asleep.<eop> "I'll wake you." I told Alec a little bit before I started walking to the SUV. I fell a little bit asleep and came back a few minutes later.
-
CM:  	Really.
 Why?
 BG:  	Well, I mean, he did it all, he took it to the edge and then when the edge laughed at him he laughed back, man, and he went over.
 And he fucking took it with him.
 It’s disrespectful in a way to continue in that vein.
 CM:  	So you went softer, acoustic?
 BG:  	Careful saying “softer,” man.
 To players it sounds too much like “weaker,” you dig?
 Like tea.
 Like wimpy.

 I took it back to you, did not you? BG: Yeah. I took care of it, you took it, you took, you took, you took it, you took it. BG: You took it, you took it, man. CM: You went to
-
Did Harruq ever consider disobedience?
 She didn’t know.
 “We done here?” the half-orc asked.
 He left without giving her a chance to answer.
 !
 [section break](break.png)
 The final days of sparring with Aurelia passed quietly and swiftly.
 Aurelia asked for no stories and Harruq told her none.
 They simply enjoyed each other’s company, fought to the extent of their skill, and then parted.
 On the fourteenth and final day, however, Harruq was in an unusually quiet mood.

 !!!,!!,!,!!! [ section break. On the fifteenth and final day, Aurelia apologized to Aurelia and returned to the Elves. Her opponent, now Harruq, was still
-
I took his hand and he pulled me up.
 “Yup, I’m just peachy.” “At least you can use sarcasm in a time like this,” he said and started to fight his way through the crowd.
 I followed him quickly.
 I had no desire to become separated again.
 “When can’t you use sarcasm?” I asked loudly.
 He didn’t reply to me because he had spotted Emily.
 She was slowly backing up with her palms out.
 Fire danced from her fingertips and twisted towards the troll and frost beast.
 The beast breathed and ice sprayed from its mouth.
 Emily moved her hand over and the ice evaporated into mist.

 a few seconds out of it. She swiped the ice from the hand to the beast and stopped and froze. He pulled her hand up again and Emily moved her hand out and twisted towards the troll. The troll was full of ice and fire. Again, the ice evaporated into mist. It
-
We passed several seconds in silence after Alec disappeared, and then Mallory turned back towards me with a twinkle in her eyes.
 "So it finally happened?"
 "I'm sorry; I don't understand what you mean."
 "Alec's finally fallen in love, and with such a lovely girl.
 I was half worried he was going to spend the rest of his life so mired in responsibility, he'd never let himself notice anyone."
 I was flabbergasted, but my lack of response didn't faze her in the slightest.
 "I take it he finally realized you aren't a shape shifter then?"
 Apparently my astonishment leaked through to my expression, that or maybe she could just smell the shock on me.
 Whatever the reason, her smile took on new intensity, and she slowly reached out and clasped my hand again.
 "I'm sorry; I spend so much of my time alone with my thoughts that they develop well-worn grooves.

 you okay?"<eop> "I'm all right, okay?" Mallory said. "I am fine," I said. "Thanks, " she said. "I hope you're okay," she said again.<eop> "I am," I
-
Much as I'd have liked to, I couldn't continue to blow her off.
 She was my only friend, and I definitely didn't want her spreading the kind of rumors about me that she routinely spread about everyone else.
 "Wow, you look like crap.
 Are you going to collapse like you did last night?"
 "Thanks, Brit.
 You look ravishing too, and no, I'm not going to collapse.
 I just haven't been sleeping very well lately.
 I'm probably coming down with something."
 Britney shrugged with the supreme indifference of someone whose world extended only a few feet beyond their immediate person.
 "Just don't get me sick if you do.

 " "I know."<eop> "But how much do I know about you, too, Britney?!" "No, I don't know about you. I don't really know about you, hon., I don't know." "Oh
-
BG: 	Lately, for whatever reasons, I have been thinking more about the spiritual side of the human animal than ever I have in my previous twenty-some year tenure on Spaceship Earth.
 It probably has to do with getting older, finding my stability in Lor.
 Time at least to take a peak into the spiritual caldron.
 There are miracles, it might cause one to whisper, alone in the dark.
 I’m not comfortable, really, man, talking about my numinous side, as interesting as I think that is.
 I want to ask a lot of questions, without presuming there are always answers.
 Like, where do lares and penates, where does religion, fit in with this cynical lifestyle we’ve adopted, or that we’ve carefully constructed?
 As The Lovin’ Spoonful asked, “Do you believe in magic?” I mean, I don’t know what has caused me to cogitate about the underlying premise of life, you know?.
 I mean, fuck, are we really that far removed from our supranatural sides that any discussion or mention of it is inordinate, is worth commentary?
 Or are we only embarrassed by discussions of spirituality?

 : I mean, you want the question, you know, what exactly is spiritual? And you want to ask the question, man, what kind of spiritual activity, is it? Or is it personal? Are you concerned with the home, the family?........
-
But, you know, I don’t want that out there yet.
 Look what it did to Dylan.
 He didn’t want to finish Tarantula, but, there was so much pressure on him and then someone circulated bootleg versions and the whole thing became uncontrollable.
 I can’t have that.
 I’d rather keep my plans private for now, dig?
 Can you keep that under your hat, Creole man?
 CM: 	Got a title?
 BG:  	Right now I’m callin’ it Great Expectations.
 CM: 	Uh—
 BG: 	Move on, man.

 : Uh.... BG: BG: No, what, Uh... BG: What, Uh... BG:..: No.... BG: Keepin’...... CM:
-
"Oh, that's perfect.
 I don't understand any of this junk, so you can explain it to me now and then we won't have to spend as much time in that stupid tutoring lab."
 The old me would have told Britney she was a self-centered wench, but the new me, the one that was all too aware of how much it would suck to go through the next two years of school without a single friend, just forced my face into something approximating a smile and tried to explain why drawing something at random from a bag with replacement was different than drawing something from a bag without replacement.
 It was a fairly straightforward concept that we'd seen twice now.
 I was pretty sure Britney was capable of understanding, she just didn't care, which was the one thing virtually guaranteed to make me mad.
 Stupidity was bad enough; laziness would be a hundred times worse.
 Still, by the second time through I'd clarified a couple of points I'd been a little fuzzy on, and was almost ready to believe Britney might actually apply herself to listening.
 I was so caught up in what I was doing, and the ever-so-slowly growing light of interest in Britney's eyes, that the rest of the class had fallen silent for a full twenty seconds before the drop in noise registered for me.
 "I want everyone back to their regular desks and hard at work on their assignments."
 Mrs. Campbell wasn't as pale as she'd been when she'd left, but she still looked unsettled and more than a little unhappy, presumably with both whatever had caused her to leave so quickly, and the fact that she'd come back to a class where almost nobody had been doing anything productive.

 it was a few minutes later to settle the class down, the rest of the whole class was just still shivering with the craziiness of being thrown in the face by the sound of Mrs. Campbell returning to the classroom and sat back down at her desk and tried to talk to her.
-
CM:  	Still, many say, it isn’t Black Lung.
 BG:  	(long pause) Creole, you’re a friend, man.
 We go way back.
 Be careful, ok?
 Saying it isn’t Black Lung, you might as well say, it isn’t Rubber Soul, it isn’t Sinatra.
 It isn’t what it isn’t.
 That’s true.
 I’m not what I was.
 Are you?
 Is anybody?

 t. I can’t. I can......... can’t. I can’t, I can’t. I can........,....,............
-
Every one of them contemplated their death.
 Qurrah closed his eyes and inhaled the cold night air.
 Yes, the tension was delectable.
 The quiet moments before battle were a rare thing that so very few were lucky enough to experience.
 Fear, worry, hope, prayer, regret, and sorrow all floated to the stars.
 The half-orc let his attuned mind drink it all in.
 Beautiful, he thought.
 Absolutely beautiful.
 !
 [section break](break.png)

 his physical body. Soon, he was coming down to the light, and into the light, and into the darkness, and and the darkness. Soon, he found himself, and that was the end. He came down, into the darkness and into the light, and the light, and into the
-
After she'd changed into a nightgown, she clutched his handkerchief in her fist and sat down in the rocking chair by her bed.
 She wished she'd gone to the library today--she'd like to have something to occupy her mind.
 She-- There was a tap at her door.
 "Marie?"
 "Come in."
 Her mother opened the door.
 "Are you feeling all right?"
 "Yes.
 Just tired."
 Mrs. Tranton sat down on the bed.

 ... let her..." Mrs. Tranton, and sitting down on the bed, her mother said, "... sit up on the bed."... her mother,... "......"
-
I flexed my fist.
 “Ah, she escaped,” Ruby purred.
 “And you didn’t trust me with her.” The formation broke as Steed came to stand beside me, the corner of his mouth tipping into a grin.
 I stared at the group.
 I had no idea who they were, but from the way they spoke it was apparently no secret I was Chevelle’s prisoner.
 Or his property.
 “Frey,” Chevelle said, “this is Anvil.” He nodded toward a giant of a man who bowed his head respectfully.
 “And Grey.” The wiry man bent and straightened, his movements too quick.
 I drew in a startled breath as two more figures came into view.
 A pair of slender elves stepped in sync as they stopped just outside the group.

 stood up and stepped in to watch. In front of the pair of elves, a dwarf approached them. The dwarf nodded again. The elves nodded and then stepped in front of the head of a pair of elves. The dwarfs pointed to the group, and the elves stepped in close to it.
-
I have had no questions answered, but I do know this: the time for questions has long ended.”
 Velixar nodded.
 “Indeed, Harruq.
 It is time for action.
 I am done with both of you.
 Go home and rest.
 Tomorrow we will begin my plan.
 War shall come to Woodhaven.”
 “We await your orders,” Qurrah said.
 The two bowed and then returned to town beneath the blanket of stars.

 ............................................................
-
And then... darkness.
 CHAPTER 10 THE OTHER KIND OF PAIN
 Rodregas laid there looking at blue swirls for a long time, wondering where he was.
 He was not sure if he was awake; his mind seemed heavy with dreams, and shifting images.
 It took him a long time before he remembered the battle.
 With the memory came concern for Doi’van and Imeralda, and a surge of adrenaline that gave him the energy to try to wake up.
 Rodregas tried to sit up, but his body, which had been so strong since that day at Raven Keep, now only responded sluggishly.
 He was sleepy, but had the idea that he had been sleeping a very long time.
 Yet, his body still felt exhausted.
 Rodregas must have moved enough to get some attention because a man, or to be more accurate, an adult male Nymph, moved into his sight.

 to one, and then a second, and, and then one, then another, and then a few more... then he followed a few more, etc. Then he went to another one, and the Nymph went to another.........
-
Mrs. Campbell stopped by for a few minutes, obviously checking to make sure that I was over my aberrant behavior from yesterday.
 I got the feeling she would've liked to chat for a bit longer, but we had the predictable surge in attendance given the coming test.
 I gave her my best reassuring smile as she left, and then watched as she and the other tutors all bounced from one student to the next answering questions.
 As much as I would have liked to just call it a day, another good effort added to what I'd done earlier would put me two or maybe even three days ahead of my personal schedule.
 With a sigh of resignation I found my place on the page again, and started sorting out another set of variables.
 Forty-five minutes later I'd nearly completed another two sections, and was more than ready for a breather.
 Sometime while I'd been studying, most of the kids had left.
 I hadn't expected all of them to stay until my shift started, but I'd expected more than the two or three I usually had.
 Only it didn't look like that was going to be the case.
 Apparently most of them hadn't been serious about learning the material--they'd just wanted to come to the lab, make a half-hearted attempt, and then leave secure in the knowledge that if they failed the test they could whine to their parents about how hard they'd worked.

 a few hours, I started the class again, deciding it was time to stop and take a break so I wouldn't be the first one to get a bad day. I wasn't even sure that it was safe to go back to the pace that I had just started before the test.
-
How dare he use his kisses to try to keep her from going home!
 It was already hard enough just to look at him in the morning before she walked in the garden.
 He knew that whenever they kissed, she didn't want to stop, that she'd kiss him forever.
 Just last night he'd told her that they couldn't kiss like that unless they got married.
 And this morning he dared to kiss her that way, knowing that it would make her all but forget her walk!
 When she returned to the house nearly half an hour later, she stormed past him and up to her room.
 Rick knew for sure that she was mad this time, knew why, and knew he'd been wrong to do what he'd done.
 "Sweetheart, I'm sorry," he called running after her.
 "I shouldn't have done it.
 I just wanted you to know--"  He heard her door slam.

 ""..""..."""...""""..""""".."...""""""""""""""," he told her. "..."""
-
I must see what will happen.” Rodregas nodded; they both knew they would not get this chance twice.
 Doi’van saw in the Bunei what Rodregas had felt in the lion in the main hall.
 “See any good Infernal sigils for me?” Rodregas asked.
 “I should bind my Infernal gift as well, especially as I will never be a great magician.” Rodregas had not really expected an answer, but Doi’van surprised him by nodding his great head and pointing to the far back almost in a corner that strangely was the only one in shadow.
 “I think the Ni’Barrbari, the daemon known as the Night Panther, would add a bit of subtly to your Celestial Lion.
 While hunters, they are also healers and not as vicious as most of the others.
 It might also cause less confusion if you are able to gain both Infernal and Celestial great sigils to have ones that share some similarities.” Rodregas nodded and walked toward where Doi’van had pointed, having to circle around what appeared to be a bear with the front feet of a stork and the over large head of an owl.
 Rodregas felt his skin crawl and he almost left the chamber, but then the cat shape behind the daemon became clear.
 The Daemonic shape seemed to be missing the odd combinations of the others.
 It looked like the large Panthers he had heard of that were found in the southern jungles.

 Rodregas stood, a large bear, the head of a large stork, the foot of a small owl, a raven, and a large stork moved around the room, and in the dark the cat was gone. He looked like he wanted to die. He
-
A final bolt of lightning shot down the street, killing the wounded soldier who had fled.
 Felewen wiped the blood from her blade and sheathed it.
 She used the same cloth to clean the blood from her face.
 “Come,” she said.
 “We must go north where we are needed most.”
 The two ran through the town, listening for sounds of battle.
 The worst seemed to be about the middle of Celed and steadily working its way south.
 They encountered a few soldiers as they hurried there.
 All died before they had the chance to swing their blades.
 “At last!” Felewen cried, staring out from a side alley.

 back and turned to look out into the street again. Suddenly, a bolt of lightning shot across the street, redirecting them to the heart of... the heart of town, Celed. As they began their journey, a small village sprawled out in the alleyway. The village
-
Liz was a beauty.
 We dated a few times before the prom, and she would've preferred that I give Karen notice and take her instead.
 But I was neither that cold-blooded nor that stuck on Liz.
 She might be as pretty, but if she possessed any goodness like what I saw in Karen, she hid it deep.
 Prom night, for reasons more complicated than I can remember so long, Cliff was driving a '49 Ford convertible that belonged to Bob Williams, whom I will visit in Portland a few days from now.
 Cliff's date was Chris Latin.
 Karen and I rode in the back seat.
 Karen had a cold.
 Maybe her reason for keeping her distance, physical and otherwise, was hygienic concern for my health.
 Or maybe she didn't approve of my dating Liz.

 loved me, and if I didn' want to be like Liz, I had to date her. Well, I really wasn't really who I wanted to be. In fact, I was too beautiful. I was too close, too, even to her. She was too close to me.
-
I was suddenly really jealous of Emily's long robe.
 I also was getting hungry and wondered if there was any way to get food in Igneeria.
 A huge rumble startled me and I looked up at the sky.
 We were in a clearing and I could see the sky clearly.
 Dark clouds covered the sky and a rumble shook the air again.
 A single drop of water landed on my cheek.
 “Oh no,” I breathed.
 Another drop landed on my forehead and then on my chin.
 Then they started to pick up speed and I covered my face with my hands.
 The rain streaked through my hair, soaking it to my head.

 ... the rain streaked through my hair and then to my face. Then I looked..... the rain..................................
-
I must be out of my mind not to run for the hills."
 "You don't like it when I spend money on you and the more involved you get with me the less likely it is I'll be able to protect you."
 "If I let you buy me something will you quit trying to scare me off?"
 "No, but it would make me feel better."
 He said that last with his heart stopping blue eyes gazing directly into mine and I nearly stopped breathing.
 Somehow he hadn't realized yet that when he looked at me like that there wasn't anything I could deny him.
 "Ok, you can get me a present, something small and relatively inexpensive."
 Alec smiled and reached over to the backpack as he sat up.
 I let him pull me up and then felt my face freeze as he pulled out one of the largest velvet boxes I'd ever seen.
 "Alec, no."

 , oh no, forget it. I need to let you buy me a present." I opened the box. " " " " " "" " " " " "" "" " " " " "
-
